capote written by Dan futterman base on the book " Capote : a biography " by Gerald Clarke title up : " western Kansas , 1959 " ext . farmhouse - morning the camera follow a sixteen year old girl , long hair , pretty Sunday church dress , walk toward a peaceful farmhouse . at the door she lift the knocker . the door open slightly . the girl turn and look past the camera at she mother , sit in a old plymouth idling in the driveway . her mother shrug , motion for she to go inside . int . farmhouse - continuous the girl walk through the downstairs room . in the kitchen , the phone be off the hook . the girl look back toward the open front door . she turn toward the stair , climb they . int . farmhouse , upstair hall - continuous she walk down the hall to a bedroom door at the end . the door be slightly ajar . she knock , then enter the room . int . farmhouse , bedroom - continuous the girl 's Pov : the camera pan across the bedroom of a high school coed . we see the desk , the bureau , the bed . on the bed lie nancy clutter , she wrist and leg bound in rope , shot in the head . there be blood on the wall . the sixteen year - old girl stand immobile . before she start to scream , CUT to : ext . kansas landscape - day tree ring the edge of a field . CUT to : ext . n.y. cityscape , establishing - night building light against the night sky . int . new york apartment build / stair - night camera follow group of partygoer as they mount the stair : Truman Capote , Barbara ( very tall ) , Rose , Christopher , Williams . int . SMALL , packed new york apartment / kitchen - later the friend be stand in the crowded kitchen -- people be come in and out -- talk and drink and laugh . truman so Jimmy baldwin tell I the plot of he book , and he say to I : the write 's go well , but I just want to make sure it 's not one of that problem novel . I say : Jimmy , you novel 's about a negro homosexual who 's in love with a Jew -- would not you call that a problem ? laughter . christopher Susan 's father have a minor heart attack , so she 's write more erotic poem about death and sex . barbara it 's so tiresome . william hmm . what rhyme with angina ? laughter . we see Truman watch everyone laugh . grayson notice , lean in to he . as the rest of the group continue talk , we come closer , hear they conversation . grayson how 's you write ? truman oh , I have get a million idea of what to write next -- I just have to choose one . grayson really ? truman no . they attention be pull back into the group as : barbara who would I want to play I ? Natalie Wood . rose too fat . barbara audrey hepburn ? rose not bad . sort of middle - class . truman when a movie be make of my life I know exactly who I want as I ... ( beat ) Marilyn Monroe . Barbara crack up , choke on she drink . ext . truman and jack house / back patio - morning Truman sit with he coffee , read the New York Times . a article catch he eye . he sit up straight , fold the paper over , read it . int . truman and jack house , study - day c/u of article be snipped out of page 39 of the Times , November 16 , 1959 . as the page get turn around with each snip , we see a small photo of a middle - age man wear glass , with the caption : " found dead : Herbert W. clutter , a wealthy Kansas farmer ... " we read the headline : " wealthy farmer , 3 of family slain . part of the story : " holcomb , kan. , Nov. 15 ( UPI ) -- ... wheat farmer , he wife ... two young child find shot today ... " int . truman and jack house , study - moment later Truman on the phone . female voice over the phone New Yorker magazine . truman ( on phone ) William shawn , please . ( he listen ) adorable one ? all of a sudden I know what article I be go to write for you next . int . truman and jack house , study / kitchen - moment later Truman on the phone , on a long cord , travel between the study and the kitchen as he talk to William shawn . we hear piece of the conversation , and see Truman in different part of the room as he say each bit . truman ... never have anything like this happen to they before . they be use to sleep at night with the door unlatch .... ( laugh ) yes , we should buy stock in master lock -- all of Kansas will be in the hardware store tomorrow . jump to - truman they have no idea who the killer be . but it do not matter who the killer be -- what matter be who the townspeople imagine the killer be . that 's what I want to write about . jump to - truman I be gonna need some help ... I be think about nelle -- she can protect I ... jack dunphy ( strong , irish - american , ten year older than Truman ) -- he longtime boyfriend -- enter the front door with a bag of grocery , stop in the hall . he see Truman on the phone . Truman look at Jack , though he 's still speak to shawn -- truman I want to leave tonight ... smash CUT to : ext . train track , outskirt of new york CITY - night a train barrel toward we , its headlight bright . the train roar past , away from the city . int . train , moving - night Truman hurry through the train , check he ticket with the sleeper cabin . his long scarf trail behind . his longer cashmere coat practically brushes the floor . int . truman and harper lee' cabin , train - continuous Truman open the door . Inside the cabin he childhood friend from monroeville , Alabama , nelle harper lee ( yes , that harper Lee ) , be read . she look up , deadpan -- nelle I figure you would miss it . nelle be a year young than Truman , dowdy in dress , but smart , tough , sensible . Truman smile . truman God I be glad you agree to come . you be the only one I know with the qualification to be both a research assistant and personal bodyguard . ( then , notice ) oh , nelle , you poor thing . he try to spruce up she limp silk scarf . nelle off. Truman . off. ( hold he hand ) I be happy to see you too , but I can still whip you behind . two black porter enter , one with a enormous trunk ( Truman 's ) , the other with a sensible suitcase ( nelle 's ) . porter # 1 ( read tag ) Mr. Truman Capote , miss nelle harper Lee . where would you like this , sir ? truman that one up there and that one on the floor . he tip they . nelle what all do you bring ? porter # 2 thank you greatly , sir . it 's a honor to have you with we . if you do not mind my say , you last book be even better than the first -- truman you be sweet . porter # 2 just when you think they have get as good as they can get . truman thank you . you be very kind . porter # 1 ( to nelle ) ma'am . the porter leave . nelle be stunne . Truman fiddle with the trunk lock , he back to nelle . silence , then : nelle you be pathetic . Truman do not answer . nelle you be pathetic . truman what ? nelle you pay they to say that . Truman will not look at she . she whacks he . nelle you pay they to say that ! truman ( squealing ) how would you know ? how do you know ?! nelle " just when you think they have get as good as they can get . " truman you think that be too much ? ( laughter ) I think that be a good line . more laughter . more smack of Truman . then it be quiet . nelle pathetic . int . truman and harper lee' cabin , train - morning nelle 's awake , but still in she bunk , look out the window at the Kansas plain . Truman 's dress , watch she . CUT to : ext . countryside - day traveling shot of harvest field , graze livestock , solitary farmhouse . the train chug across the Kansas flatland . shot of sign outside Garden City : " World 's largest free swimpool " and " howdy , Stranger ! welcome to Garden City . a friendly place . " ext . garden CITY rent-a-car - day Truman and nelle rent a car . people stare . I /e. rental car - day nelle drive past the main square , Truman in the passenger seat . Truman look at a photo in the garden CITY telegram . truman Alvin dewey , Kansas Bureau of investigation . kbi . int . lobby , WALKER HOTEL , garden CITY - day Truman and nelle check in . people stare . nelle notice . ext . finney county courthouse , garden CITY - continuous Truman and nelle trot up the courthouse step . int . finney county courthouse , lobby - moment later Truman approach the guard desk . truman Mr. Alvin dewey , please . guard third floor . in what use to be the sheriff 's Office . Truman curtsies . int . sheriff' office - day in the reception area , alvin dewey and the two other kbi agent assign to the clutter case be get they jacket on and straighten they tie . they have completely take over the office . they be : harold " brother " NYE ( 34 ) ; and roy " curly church ( 60 - bald ) . they all smoke . sheriff walter sanderson -- 60' , kind , overweight -- be office - less ( though he and he wife dorothy still live on the fourth floor of the courthouse . ) walter lurk in the background , nowhere to go , empty one of many filled ashtray , bother by the smoke . Truman and nelle enter as : church the wife say no more smoking in the house . I tell she , " Fine . walter 's get a couch upstairs in he apartment . I will stay with he and dorothy till we be do here . " ( to walter ) I have get my bag and a carton of cigarettes in the car . walter look uncomfortable . dewey shake he head at Church . dewey Roy . truman Mr. dewey . Truman Capote from the New Yorker . silence . the Agents stare at he . truman hello . silence . nye be look at Truman , particularly puzzle . truman bergdorf 's . NYE sorry ? truman the scarf . NYE oh. ( then ) Nice . truman thank you . ( turn to dewey ) I wonder when we could arrange a interview ? some time to talk . dewey stub out he cigarette . dewey about what ? truman we be not look for any inside information -- I do not care one way or another if you catch whoever do this -- I be write a article not about the clutter killing , but how they be affect the town , how you all be bear up -- dewey I care . truman Excuse I ? dewey I care . ( put on he hat , pull out another cigarette ) I care a great deal if we catch whoever do this . truman yes -- dewey as do a lot of folk around here . truman of course . dewey walk out . nye and Church start out after he . NYE ( to Church ) New Yorker ? church you have press credential ? NYE what 's the New Yorker ? church Magazine . truman magazine do not give out -- church you can come to the news conference with the rest of they . ( tip he hat to nelle ) sear and roebuck . nelle and Truman be leave alone . int . spare courtroom - day pack with PRESS from all over the Midwest , as well as local finney County citizen . dewey 's lead the press conference from a folding table set up in front of the judge 's bench , flanke by the two other kbi Agents . he 's get a cigarette burn in a ashtray . Truman and nelle stand in the back . dewey I will talk fact but I will not speculate . the main fact here we need to be clear on be not one , but four people be kill . a lot of folk say herb clutter have to be the main target because he be deal with the most brutally -- journalist # 1 have he throat cut . dewey ( a moment ) yes . we would all like to know why . but it could have be any one of the family they be after . we just do not know -- journalist # 2 you have identify the murder weapon ? dewey wound indicate a shotgun , close - range , but no casing be find . journalist # 1 twelve - gauge , hunt -- dewey right . journalist # 1 they be all shot in the face ? dewey look at the journalist . then , evenly : dewey no. Nancy in the back of the head . journalist # 2 be there any evidence of , I be sorry , sexual molestation of the woman ? dewey no . journalist # 2 anything else steal ? dewey kenyon 's radio seem to be the only ... journalist # 3 the boy be sixteen ? dewey Fifteen . Nancy be sixteen . journalist # 2 it 's she friend that find they ? dewey Laura kinney . journalist # 2 spell that ? dewey I assume you be okay with the Laura part . k-i - n-n-e-y . but , please , leave she be . lot of folk try to talk at once , one old man make himself hear above the rest : old man there 's talk of a bunch of mexican , a whole bunch of mexican ... dewey ( stand , stub out cigarette ) George , it 's good to see you again . I do have a opinion whether this be the work of one man or a whole bunch , as you say , but it do not matter a whole lot whether it be mexican or methodist or eskimos . we be go to find whoever do this . four good people from we community be dead . let 's remember that . okay with you ? ( hold up a notice ) the West Kansas farm Committee 's offer a thousand dollar reward for information lead to a arrest . please print that . ( move to the exit ) thank you all for come . the room be immediately noisy as dewey make he way to the door , pull a pack of cigarettes from he pocket , follow by Church and nye . he 's about to step out when Truman catch he eye . dewey exit . CUT to : int . rental car - late afternoon nelle drive while consulting a map . Truman be lean back , look out at the pass farm through the window . he speak almost to himself . truman Mr. dewey 's protective of the clutter . I wonder how well he know they ... nelle glance over at he . he do not notice . truman he be foxy with that old man . ( turn to nelle ) be you ever gonna let I drive ? nelle Truman , you be a menace . you can barely see over the wheel . Truman look back out the window at the farm , lean back . nelle this make you miss Alabama ? truman ( roll window down , shake he head ) not even a little bit . he lean he head out , close he eye . ext . clutter farm - sunset nelle pull they car to the side of the county road which front the clutter farm . we recognize the farmhouse as the one in which Nancy clutter be find dead . a highway patrolman ( 20 year old ) sit in a cruiser park up the driveway . crime scene tape mark the perimeter of the property . Truman and nelle get out of they car , stand at the foot of the driveway , gaze at the lonely farmhouse . fade out . ext . holcomb high school - morning a gorgeous fall day . crowd of kid arrive at school . many be somber . as Truman and nelle walk toward the kid , some look warily at Truman and give he a wide berth . truman hello . kid back away . nelle notice . she leave Truman , walk up to a group of three girl . nelle Morning . girl # 1 hi. nelle can any of you tell I where I would find Laura kinney ? girl # 1 oh , um ... the girl glance toward the school entrance where LAURA kinney ( who find Nancy clutter 's body ) walk with danny burke ( tall , 17 ) . nelle ( gently ) be that she ? with the tall boy ? girl # 2 yeah . with Danny burke . nelle Danny burke ? ( girl # 2 nod ) thank you . as nelle leave , girl # 1 turn to she friend : girl # 2 oh , quiet yourself , Janice . nelle see Truman on he way toward Laura , call out -- nelle Truman . Truman -- Truman do not hear . she watch Truman approach they . Laura back away . Danny lead she off . nelle walk over to Truman , look at he for several moment . nelle this folk live they life in a particular way . you need to consider adapt yourself to that fact . truman what -- nelle -- I be gonna find out where that two kid live . maybe you will let I do that alone ? nelle leave . on Truman , as the bell ring and the mass of teenager start to enter the school . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET , garden CITY - day Truman walk alone , see the gilbart funeral Home . he remove he hat , slip past the few people stand outside . int . gilbart funeral home - continuous warm but slightly tacky . some people be engage in hushed conversation at the reception area . Truman slip past , into the back room . int . back room , gilbart funeral home - continuous no people , low light . four close casket at the back of the room . Truman walk over slowly . after a moment , he check to make sure he 's alone . then he lift the top of one of the casket . it 's bonnie clutter 's body , in a long - sleave navy - blue dress ; but she head be wrap in layer and layer of white cotton gauze , and lacquer with a shiny substance -- like a enormous cocoon . Truman stare . CUT to : int . WALKER HOTEL , truman be room - night Truman on the phone to Jack in Brooklyn . one of Truman 's trunk be open , display bottle of liquor , package and tin gourmet food , and stack of unused yellow legal pad . he drink , stand at the window . jack ( over phone ) I think I scared a friend of yours this morning . he come look for you while I be write . truman you hate my friend . jack I would not say hate . so long as they do not knock on my door . truman I see the body today . jack which ? truman the clutter . I look inside the coffin . jack that 's horrifying . truman it comfort I -- something so horrifying it 's freeing . it 's a relief . normal life fall away . ( beat ) but , then , I be never much for normal life -- jack no , you be not . truman people here will not talk to I . they want someone like you , like nelle . I they hate . jack I can not think of a single quality I share with nelle . truman well -- jack maybe manliness . truman my point exactly . jack it 's why I leave the Midwest in the first place . I know I could only find someone like you in New York City . on Truman , gaze at the empty town square below . CUT to : ext . garden CITY , various - early morning a shopkeeper sweep the sidewalk . there be thanksgive decoration in he shop window . a school bus pick up a SMALL boy at the intersection of a dirt road and the paved county road . a SMALL bridge over the Arkansas river . below they , man be sifting the riverbed with net , move slowly downstream . CUT to : int . WALKER HOTEL , lobby - early morning nelle wait by the front desk . the elevator door open and Truman emerge . he be dressed soberly -- no long scarf , no long coat . he walk toward nelle , then turn as if he 's a runway model , walk away , turn again and walk back . he stop a few foot in front of she . nelle refuse to smile . nelle let 's go . CUT to : ext . holcomb town road - early morning Danny burke walk down the road with a bookbag over he shoulder . nelle approach he , Truman keep he distance . nelle Danny ? ( Danny stop ) would you mind terribly if I walk with you for a bit ? he shrug . they walk together . CUT to : ext . LAURA kinney house - afternoon Laura open door to Truman and nelle . int . LAURA kinney house , kitchen - afternoon nelle and Laura kinney sit at the table . Truman stand at the counter . LAURA I think you be from the FBI with you long coat . truman be that so ? LAURA that 's why I run off . truman I have be get a lot of that lately . Truman smile . Laura smile back , amused , a bit comfort . LAURA it 's fine talk to you all . practically nobody around here want to talk since what happen . nelle folk have be through a rough patch . include you . ( Laura nod ) Nancy be you best friend . LAURA she be my best friend . they be quiet for a few moment . nelle how have Danny be ? LAURA pretty shattered . nothing terrible ever happen to he before . Nancy just start wear he ring again after this huge fight -- Mr. clutter be try to get she to end it ' cause Danny 's Catholic . nelle what be the clutter ? LAURA Methodist . Danny be the last person at the house that night . that 's why Mr. dewey 's keep interview he -- they do not think he have anything to do with it -- just to see if he remember anything unusual and all . nelle people in town seem to wonder if he be involved . LAURA that 's be real hard for Danny . truman oh , it 's the hardest -- when people have a notion about you and it 's impossible to convince they otherwise . since I be a child folk have think they have I peg because of the way I look and the way I talk . they be always wrong . ( look at she ) do you know what I mean ? Laura stare at he and nod . he 's clearly strike a chord . LAURA I want to show you something . she go in the door to the ground floor apartment . they see she through the lace curtain get something from she desk , which be stack with book . Truman whisper to nelle : truman not one person here understand she . Laura return . she hug a SMALL book to she chest . after a moment , she hold it out to they . LAURA maybe you will get a better picture of Nancy . and the family . nelle what be this ? LAURA it 's she diary . CUT to : int . rental car / ext . neighborhood - afternoon nelle and Truman walk quickly back to the hotel . nelle have the diary open . nelle " Danny here tonight and we watch tv . so nice just have he sit with we . Left at eleven . p.s. -- he 's the only one I really love . " she turn the page . the rest of the book be blank . nelle and that be that . truman the end of a life . CUT to : int . WALKER HOTEL , nelle's room - late night nelle type . Truman be propped up on pillow on the bed , scrunching he eye to remember what be say that afternoon , then write quickly on one of many yellow legal pad , hand the page of interview dialogue to nelle . he 's exhaust . nelle stop type a moment , look through the page Truman have hand she : nelle " shatter . " truman " pretty shattered . nothing terrible ever happen to he before . " he push some pillow aside and lie down . truman I have 94 percent recall of all conversation . nelle 94 percent . truman I have test myself . nelle ( scan some of what he 's write ) I hate that you be better than I at this . she turn back to the typewriter . she type . Truman lie there , look at the ceiling for a few moment . he close he eye . nelle know without look -- nelle do not you dare close you eye on my bed . no answer . she keep type . nelle stand up and walk out that door . go to you room if you be gonna sleep . Truman . Truman . nelle turn to look at he . he 's asleep . she go back to type . under she breath : nelle crap . fade out . int . WALKER HOTEL , breakfast room - late morning Truman drink coffee alone , sleepy . he take a SMALL bottle of hot - pepper tabasco from he jacket pocket and shake it over he egg . he replace the bottle in he jacket . nelle walk into the lobby from upstairs , head for Truman . nelle what right do you have be tired ? you be snore blissfully -- truman I do not snore -- nelle -- while I lay there , hat you -- truman you do not hate I . nelle not much . ( she sit . Truman hold out a note ) what ? ( take it , look ) Marie dewey ?... we have get somewhere to go for Thanksgiving supper . truman apparently detective foxy 's wife have a better opinion of I than detective foxy . CUT to : ext . dewey home - afternoon ding Dong . we see the front door open . reveal marie dewey -- pretty , 35 , dress primly -- and she two boy : alvin JR . ( 9 ) , and paul ( 6 ) , lurking behind , curious . Marie smile . marie you come . reverse onto nelle ... and Truman , dress in a dark suit , hair neatly comb , like a Exeter schoolboy attend a funeral . nelle smile . nelle hi. nelle nudge Truman , who hand over he gift : a bottle of j&amp ; B , and a package of gourmet spice nut . truman ( soberly ) thank you for have we . marie ( mock serious ) thank you . ( then : ) get yourselves in here . ( turn and walk into the house ) Alvin ! get you pants on . they be here . on nelle and Truman , surprised . int . dewey home , live room - afternoon a football game play on the television . no one 's watch . we can hear Alvin on the phone in he study at the back of the house . int . dewey home , kitchen - continuous Truman and Marie at the stove . nelle sit at the kitchen table . Truman have he jacket off and a apron on , as do Marie . they be peer into a pot of black - eyed peas . Marie be shaking in drop of hot pepper tabasco . truman more. more . marie Alvin will hate this . truman yes , but we who know the truth will love it . marie ( laugh ) I have to stop . ( then ) I can not believe you be from New Orleans . I miss it so much . truman I only live there for a short while but my mama be bear and breed . marie you know something -- Alvin pretend he do not know who you be , but the minute you come to town he read you book . he have one of he man pick up " Breakfast at Tiffany 's " in Kansas City ' cause it 's ban from the library here . truman what do Mr. dewey think ? marie he like it more than he 's willing to admit . truman how very foxy . Marie smile at that word use to describe she husband . truman mama would have put in half the bottle by now . beat . marie alright , one more shake . int . dewey home , hallway - continuous Alvin walk toward the kitchen . he smoke . he look exhaust . he hear squeal of laughter . int . dewey home , kitchen - continuous Alvin enter . they all stop laugh and look at he . nod to Truman and nelle . truman hello . nelle hi. silence . Marie sip she drink . marie how you do , foxy ? she crack up . int . dewey home , dine room - later the remain of dinner . the kid have leave . the bottle of j&amp ; B sit on the table , half -empty . Marie 's a bit drunk . everyone 's plate be clean except for Alvin 's , on which sit a mound of uneaten black - eye peas . Truman be mid-story . truman I be write the script as they be filming , all that time in Italy . I would work like mad all day long and then dash down to the bar around midnight to hand in the next day 's scene . humphrey have just about move into the hotel bar -- marie ( whisper to Alvin ) humphrey bogart . Alvin know . truman -- where he and John drank every night -- marie ( to Alvin ) John Huston . Alvin know . truman -- and I mean drank , like famish water buffaloe . well -- I would only just hand they the final scene when the bellhop tell I I have a phone call . it be my stepfather , Joe Capote , call to say that my mother have die . I fly home to New York -- terribly distraught -- but when I get to the apartment I could see that Joe be in even worse shape than I be . he grab my hand and sit I down at the kitchen table , and he say to I , " talk . talk about anything , any subject in the world . do not worry whether it will interest I or not . just talk so I will not break down . " and I do . he could not bear to be alone with he thought . it be too painful . it 's quiet for a moment , then Marie look at Alvin . marie it 's be a hard couple week for Alvin . he and herb clutter be good friend . from church . dewey Marie -- marie oh come on , Alvin . this be good people . finally , dewey look at Truman and nelle . int . dewey home , study - night Alvin show Truman and nelle the crime scene photo from the clutter murder . we see the four corpse , bound and shot , the bloody footprint in the clutter basement . Truman and nelle stare at the photo of Nancy and kenyon . then , quietly -- truman who would put a pillow under the boy 's head just to shoot he ? why would they tuck Nancy in ? dewey ( surprised by the insight ) I want to know the same thing . Truman hand nelle one of the photo . she look at it -- nelle twisted notion of tenderness . CUT to : ext . dewey home - night Truman and nelle be leave . Alvin and Marie stand in the front door . nelle kiss Marie . nelle thank you . marie so many of my friend would love to meet you . nelle that would be fine -- truman ( to dewey ) you do not have to worry . I be not go to write about this until everything 's over . dewey I be not worried . I know what room you be in at the hotel . and I know where you live in Brooklyn . Truman smile . CUT to : ext . garden CITY - various - day and night music : " have yourself a merry Little Christmas ... " Main Street , christmas light in the tree . the hardware store , with Santa Claus decoration in the window and a " one week left to buy you gift ... " sign . CUT to : ext . clutter farm - late afternoon Truman and nelle walk with pete holt ( 70 , very frail ) on the clutter property . apple rot on the ground , the tree be bare , sign of disrepair be beginning to weather the house . holt ( be the apple ) I would of pick they up but I have not be myself . mind you , I make the walk out here every day , check the house , make sure the pipe do not freeze -- that sort of item . the least I can do for Mr. clutter . nelle how long have you work here ? holt 1940 -- a lotta year . the wife too , clean the house . cook . nelle well , she 's marvelous . lunch be wonderful . holt ( ignore this ) she have a hard job after what all happen . Cleaning . I burn most of the rest -- mattress -- too far of a mess . ( then , look at they ) I have ask around some -- if anyone 's look for a strong hand . they do not know what to say . finally , he look away . holt I do not think they will be able to sell the place till they catch the one that do it . ( beat ) that 's what I hear anyhow . silence as the three of they look out over the barren field . int . clutter house , bonnie' bedroom - dusk just the bed-frame -- the mattress be go . Truman and nelle find she Bible on the bedside table , she bookmark , see the painting of Jesus walk on water . Pete Holt stand off to the side , wait patiently . CUT to : ext . WALKER HOTEL lobby , garden CITY - night through the front window we see a Christmas tree in the lobby . int . WALKER HOTEL , truman be room - night jazzy Christmas music on the radio . nelle sit in the big armchair with a drink . she laugh . we hear Jack on the phone : jack you be celebrate . we see Truman wear a yellow silk short robe with white lace , bare leg . he 's on the phone and walk , for nelle 's enjoyment , back and forth , like a runway model . truman remember nelle 's manuscript she send I in New York ? jack mockingbird . killing a mockingbird . you say it be good . truman and I be right . she just hear lipincott want to publish it . jack ( pause ) well. Jesus . that 's terrific . tell she congratulation . truman congratulation . ( cover phone , mouth to nelle : ) jealous . jack just promise you will be home by Christmas . truman I can not leave now Jack -- I mean it be hard at first , but now I be practically the mayor . he vamp . nelle laugh . jack alright . truman I want to come home -- I do . though if they catch whoever do this , who know what -- I will probably be here till next Christmas . jack right . I will let you go . truman Jack , we will go away this spring to write . maybe Spain ... jack alright , Truman . truman bye. ( hang up ) the poor boy miss I . go to the mini-bar to fix a drink . nelle Truman . truman nelle . nelle you remember when we be kid ? truman I be never a kid . I be bear fully form . nelle I have no idea what a homosexual be . but I know whatever they be , you be one of them . Truman put down he drink and march out of the room , shut the door . nelle 's unsure whether she really insulted he . from the hall , we hear a woman shriek , and a man say : man in hall ( o.s. ) oh. uh. oh. Excuse we . Truman run back in , shut door . they crack up . CUT to : ext . dewey home - night , christmas eve , establishing tasteful Christmas light strung on the bushes . a wreath on the front door . int . dewey home , live room - night Truman , nelle , Marie and Alvin . drink . a full ashtray on the coffee table in front of Alvin . he 's distract , smoking . Marie hold a women' magazine , check what Truman say with what 's write there . truman ( quickly , as if recite ) -- girdle up -- no extra bulge -- if you be dress right for he when he get home , the evening should be smooth sailing . bon voyage , gal . marie I can not believe you get this whole page -- I only read it to you once ! truman I have train myself . nelle ... train myself . Truman look at nelle . truman I have 94 percent recall . nelle ...94 percent recall . truman ( laugh ) you cut that out . Alvin stub out he cigarette -- though it still burn . he stand . marie you believe that Alvin ? alvin impressive . he walk out . silence . marie I be sorry . he 's upset . ( stub out cigarette ) -- smoking three pack a day . ( then ) two man do it . they know who . one of they use to have a cellmate who give he up for the thousand dollar reward . they pass through Kansas City last week write bad check -- by the time Alvin 's boy get up there they would skip out again . nelle where to ? marie they have no idea . int . dewey home , dine room - later Christmas dinner . Truman , nelle , Marie and Alvin have just sit down . they wait for the dewey boy -- Alvin Jr. and Paul . we hear they in the live room horsing around . dewey Alvin . Paul . now . it 's quiet for a second . then something crash and break . dewey damnit . ( get up , go ) come here . marie Alvin ... phone ring . dewey ( o.s. ) Alvin Jr. get over here . alvin JR . ( o.s. ) dad , the phone . dewey ( o.s. ) Paul . back to the table . dewey return to the dining room , push Paul ahead of he . dewey sit . Alvin Jr. enter . alvin JR . dad ? marie tell they we be at dinner , Alvin . alvin JR . dad ? dewey not now , Alvin . Alvin Jr. leave . we hear the phone be hung up . Alvin Jr. return and sit . they all get ready to say grace , then : alvin JR . you need to call the Chief of Police in Las Vegas when you have a minute . everyone look at dewey . fade out : ext . courthouse square , garden CITY - late afternoon over black screen we hear the voice of a radio announcer . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ... this be kerg radio , Garden City . a friendly broadcast from a friendly place . we lead story : slowly , the sound of a crowd emerge in the background . fade up on : high school kid sit on the hood and front seat of a chew park at the edge of a crowd of 200 people . Truman watch . it be cold . a fat , shiver CO - ed read the headline in the Kansas City Star : " Police fear Lynch mob . " the car radio be on . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ... newsmen from six state have join score of kansan as they await the arrival of confess killer perry Smith and Richard hickock . kbi officer have be drive the clutter family 's brutal killer nonstop from ... Truman move from the car into the large crowd . Old lady ; rancher ; local businessman ; mom with kid ; journalist interviewing citizen ; photographer line up at the bottom of the courthouse step . we hear snippet of conversation as we pass . a citizen be be interview by a journalist ; a mom with baby stand with a friend ; a middle - aged man in a overcoat crying silently . Truman approach nelle and Marie dewey , stand together at the curb in front of the courthouse , near the photographer . they be talk quietly , turn to Truman -- nelle hey . we hear loud crowd noise at the south end of the square . a convoy of four car enter the square . it pull around to the front of the courthouse . state troopers spill out of the lead and rear car . nye get out of the second car . he open the back door . the crowd fall silent . two state trooper get dick hickock -- handcuff , pale -- out of the car and lead he up the step . flash . flash . dewey and Church open the third car 's back door . silence . they retrieve perry smith . perry be extremely short , strong , oddly beautiful , with the dark skin and hair of he american indian mother , and the pug feature of he irish father . as he stand , he have trouble straighten he stubby legs , as if they be arthritic . Truman stare . marie ( whisper to Truman ) motorcycle accident . he break they and they never heal right . ( Truman look at she ) Alvin tell I . Truman watch perry , transfix . perry seem terrify of the crowd , all the face , like a child . perry scan the crowd . his eye fall on Truman . flash . flash . Truman and perry look at each other as perry be lead slowly past . at the top of the step the courthouse door slam shut . fade out : ext . sheriff' residence ( 4th floor of courthouse ) - morning fade in : Truman knock on the door , a newspaper , a book , and a paper bag in he hand . on the door it say " sheriff' residence - private " . dorothy sanderson open the door . dorothy Truman Capote . truman dorothy sanderson . I figure you would be leave alone this morning by that hard - work husband of yours . ( hold up bag ) so I have breakfast . ( hold up paper ) I have news . ( book ) and I have literature . my friend Jack mail I the book you want . he present book . dorothy , flatter , take it , read the inscription inside . dorothy " for the maiden of the Midwest , the priestess of the plain , the queen of the kitchen : my first novel . Truman . " it be " other voice , other room " and we see on the back of it the infamous jacket photo of Truman at 23 drape sexily on a couch . Truman curtsy . the phone ring . dorothy you be too much . go on into the live room , lemme grab that -- it 's be ringing all morning . int . sheriff' residence , foyer - continuous Truman walk into the residence . to the leave be the kitchen ; to the right be the live room . Truman look back at dorothy -- she 's still on the phone . he head for the kitchen . int . sheriff' residence , kitchen - continuous Truman walk slowly through the doorway of the large kitchen . on the far side of the kitchen be a jail cell . Inside the cell be perry smith . ( now we know why Truman come here . ) Truman stare . perry do not see he -- he 's rest he head on a small table , the tip of he thumb in he mouth . the chair seem too tall for perry . he look like a lonely kindergartner , tell to take he afternoon nap . after several moment , dorothy enter , flustered : dorothy oh. Truman . I mean in there . ( point to live room ) I ... um ... perry sit up quickly , rub he leg . dorothy it 's the woman 's cell . it 's hardly ever use . but they want to , um , separate ... please . let 's sit in the live room . I will set up in the live room . she gather a tray of Truman 's pastries , and coffee cup . dorothy come . she go -- Truman start to follow , then linger . truman they put you in the woman 's cell . perry among other indignity . perry 's voice be oddly high , whispery -- special word be precisely enunciate . truman well ... she 's a good cook . perry she 's scared of I . truman I think so be I . a little bit . perry be you ? ( a moment , then : ) you have any aspirin ? my leg -- dorothy 's in the doorway . dorothy um. Truman ? all set . Truman look at dorothy , look back at perry . truman I be sorry . CUT to : int . courtroom - day judge roland tate , white -haire , imperious , bang he gavel . the pack crowd quiet down . perry and Dick sit at the defense table chew juicy fruit gum . next to they : they age court -appoint lawyer , Franklin week ( 70 ) . Dick wear a shirt and tie . perry wear jeans roll up at the cuff , he shirt OPEN at the collar . he draw on a piece of paper with a stubby pencil -- a rather good picture of a large parrot . Truman sit with nelle , watch perry -- truman ( murmur ) his foot do not touch the floor . judge tate in the matter of the State of Kansas v. Richard Eugene hickock and perry Edward Smith this Court have be inform by counsel -- Mr. week -- that defendant wish to waive they right to preliminary hear . Mr. hickock , be that you wish ? hickock look at week . week nod . hickock stand . hickock ( unconvincing ) yessir . yes . hickock sit . Truman whisper to nelle -- truman why be they do that ? judge tate Mr. Smith . perry ( stand ... then : ) I ask that the waiver be effectuate . judge tate look at he for a moment -- judge tate so note . ( bang gavel ) we be adjourned . crowd get up . much talk . Truman watch perry and Dick through the forest of body . they be lead away in handcuffs . Franklin week stand slowly , then begin gather he thing -- he 's old and it take he age to collect he papers . Truman watch . CUT to : ext . sheriff' residence - afternoon Truman knock . he hold a pie . dorothy answer . dorothy Mr. Capote . truman ( offer pie ) Madame sanderson . dorothy be that for the two of we to share ? or for I to eat alone while you talk to we guest ? Truman be catch . he smile . int . sheriff' residence , kitchen - afternoon Truman sit near the bar of the cell . perry draw on a scrap of paper at the small table . dorothy watch from the door to the live room . the book Truman give to dorothy lie on the floor next to perry 's meticulously make bed . truman be it you choice to waive the hearing ? perry do not answer . dorothy check she watch , leave . Truman take a bottle of bayer aspirin out of he pocket . truman you still need some ? ( perry do not move ) give I you hand . perry extend he hand through the bar . as Truman shake some aspirin into it -- perry I could kill you if you get too close . perry put the aspirin in he mouth , chews they , hold out he hand for more . Truman give he more , which perry put in he pocket for later . truman would you like some water ? perry shake he head . silence . truman Mrs. sanderson leat you my book -- perry he say we would curry favor with the judge if we waive we rights . truman who do ? perry the lawyer . truman okay . Truman nod , not want to push this any further . perry pick up the book , hold it out through the bar . perry you picture 's undignify . people recall first impression . truman what 's be you first impression ? perry you want something . truman from you ? dorothy poke she head in from the live room . dorothy Truman . walter 's gonna be home soon . truman ( to perry ) I just want permission to talk . ( then ) have anyone else visit ? perry do not answer . dorothy Truman -- truman will you tell I if you need anything ? I can have whatever you want send from New York . ( no answer ) will you do that ? on perry , consider whether to trust this man . CUT to : int . new yorker , william shawn' office - late afternoon phone ring , william shawn answer ( 50 , New Yorker editor , conservatively attire ) at a desk look onto 44th street . shawn William shawn . truman ( over phone ) gorgeous ? shawn Truman . intercut to Truman in a phone booth outside the courthouse . int . courthouse phonebooth - day truman I be write a book . it 's too much for a single article -- this town , the killer most of all -- you will be stunne by perry Smith -- shawn why ? what have he -- truman not much yet , but I know . I can sense he . he 's desperately lonely , frighten ... I have question -- be you ready ? shawn would it matter -- truman how much more money can you send I ? how quickly can you get Dick avedon out here to take some picture ? intercut to william shawn' office . on shawn -- he do not know how to begin to respond . CUT to : int . hickock' jail cell - day perry have be place in a adjoin cell for the afternoon . he comb he grease hair in a mirror . a camera flash . nelle and Truman sit outside the cell . Franklin week doze off to the side . richard avedon -- small , dark , wiry , flamboyant -- be snap photo of a bare - chest hickock in the next cell , particularly he tattoos , while hickock chatter away . hickock perry , honey . you look terrific ... perry be embarrassed , glance over at Truman . flash . hickock calm yourself down , sweetheart . perry glance at nelle . she motion to he that he shirt be buttone wrong . perry fix it , look back at she . hickock notice Truman gaze at he tattoo -- the one on he chest : the word peace , with a cross radiating ray of light . hickock be patient , Capote . maybe later they will send you my skin . truman I have the perfect place for it , over the hearth . hickock smile . flash . Truman look over at perry , sit alone . Truman start to remove he tie . photo , in quick succession : of hickock pull up he sleeve to reveal he tattoo . of perry comb he hair . flash . the grinning cat on hickock 's hand . flash . perry look directly at the camera . flash . CUT to : int . courthouse - morning , one month later Series of shot in and around the courthouse : title up : " one month later " a officer approach down a long hallway . a janitor clean the basin of the water fountain . spectator be draw into the courthouse . the officer open the courtroom door . a crescendo of sound . int . courtroom - day spectator take seat . the jury file back into the box . perry and Dick chew gum . perry wear truman' tie , and draw on a pad with a new set of colored pencil -- another parrot , quite beautiful , now yellow . nelle and Truman sit together . nelle where would perry get the art set ? Truman shrug . nelle raise she eyebrow . judge tate gavel loudly , look to the jury . judge tate member of the jury . have you reach a verdict ? foreman ( stand ) yes sir . judge tate defendant rise . perry and Dick stand . judge tate turn back to the Foreman . judge tate perry Edward Smith and Richard Eugene hickock stand accuse of four count of the crime of murder in the first degree . have you reach a unanimous verdict ? foreman we have , you honor . judge tate what be you verdict ? foreman guilty . on all count . judge tate have you unanimously reach a sentence . foreman we have , you honor . judge tate what be the sentence ? foreman death . judge nod , the foreman sit . judge turn to perry and Dick . judge tate perry Edward Smith and Richard Eugene hickock . you have be find guilty of four count of murder in the first degree . you will be take to the state penitentiary at lansing . no later than midnight , May 13 of this year , nineteen hundred and sixty , each of you will be hang by the neck until dead . so order . he gavel . perry and Dick be set upon by sheriff 's deputy and lead out . photographer crowd they . Dick turn to perry . hickock alright , partner . least now we be not the only killer in Kansas . perry look at he , utterly lose . flash . CUT to : int . WALKER HOTEL , nelle's room - just before dawn nelle sit at the window , smoking . Truman in the armchair , hold a drink . they have be up all night . they bag be pack . also -- a few pack box of write -- in yellow notepad and many type page . Truman glance at he watch . truman you think he sleep at all ? nelle look over at he . truman I need to see he before we go . CUT to : int . sheriff' residence - morning Truman sit next to perry 's cell . perry lie on the bed , stare at the ceiling . truman they be go to transfer you up to lansing today . you will have to make sure to put I on the visitor 's list . otherwise I can not see you . no response . truman will you do that ? I be go to help find you a proper lawyer . you need a serious lawyer for a appeal . ( no response ) they take Dick last night . I need you to get he to do the same thing -- put I on the visitor 's list . will you do that , perry ? perry close he eye . truman perry . fade out . int . truman and jack house , live room - night fade up on the sound of a huge party in progress . we see a home - make banner read " return to civilization ! " the camera follow nelle as she walk through the crowd : gay , straight , smoke and noise . Society woman , slender and beautiful ; BEN baron pontificate to christopher isherwood . BEN baron nelle. kudos on " kill the Bird . " be that it ? nelle Close enough . thanks . William shawn talk to a much taller woman . shawn he have not write a word yet , though he say it 's the nonfiction book of the decade ... we hear Truman before we see he : truman ( o.s. ) he 's little , but terrifying -- we see Truman in the corner entertaining a small group . Jack dunphy stand off to the side . nelle settles next to Jack . truman he 's as short as I be . and almost as pretty . I would be with he right now but he 's be give new accommodation -- guest laugh . truman most people assume he 's a monster . I do not see he that way . the book I be write will return he to the realm of humanity -- it 's the book I be always mean to write ... nelle and Jack stand back , watch . jack watch out . this be the start of a great love affair . nelle oh yes . Truman in love with Truman . int . le pavillon restaurant - day Truman be be interview over lunch . truman ... I be in Marilyn 's apartment just last week . I have to break it to she that , of the four matiss hang on she wall , two be upside down . the reporter laugh . a waiter pass . Truman tap he glass . truman another. ( to reporter ) to answer you question , I be follow " Breakfast at Tiffany 's " by blaze a different path -- by invent a entirely new kind of write : the non-fiction novel . reporter you have a subject ? Truman take a last sip of he drink -- utterly serious now . truman on the night of November 14 , two man break into a quite farmhouse in Kansas and murder a entire family . why do they do that ? it 's be suggest that this subject be tawdry -- it 's not worthy of literature . I disagree . two world exist in this country -- the quiet conservative life , and the life of that two man -- the underbelly , the criminally violent . that world converge that bloody night . I spend the past three month interview everyone in Kansas touch by that violence . I spend hour talk to the killer -- and I will spend more . ( waiter bring he drink ) researching this work have change my life , alter my point of view about almost everything . I think that who read it will be similarly affect . ( he sip ) such a book can only be write by a journalist who have master the technique of fiction -- reporter you be speak of yourself . truman you be really very clever . CUT to : int . truman and jack house , bedroom - day Truman sit in bed , write on a yellow legal pad , surround by pile of note . he squint he eye , concentrate . Jack enter , deliver a cup of coffee . Truman do not notice . int . truman and jack house , bedroom - later Truman be rifling through the box , look for particular note . he can not find what he need . the phone ring . CUT to : ext . STREET , brooklyn height - late afternoon Jack and Truman walk . truman perry 's decide to appeal . he claim they attorney be incompetent -- that he never raise the issue of temporary insanity . jack so you find they a new lawyer . truman they be face execution in six week , Jack . they need someone to argue whether or not that 's right . jack okay . truman I would also like to see they alive , yes , thank you very much . I need to hear they story . they walk in silence for a few moment . truman if you meet he you would understand . it 's as if no - one 's ever ask he a single question about himself . he 's so ... damage -- and strange -- unexplored ... ( then ) I do not trust this hickock fellow . perry 's the only person who can describe to I what happen that night . I need to hear he say it . jack just be careful what you do to get what you want . truman I be find they a lawyer . jack Truman . you be find yourself a lawyer . CUT to : int . car , drive , two - lane kansas highway - day Truman drive alone , concentrate intently . he have to stretch to see over the dashboard . ext . kansas state penitentiary ( ksp ) , lansing - day a turrete , Civil war-era fortress a hour 's drive from Kansas City . Truman pull up to the guardhouse . int . ksp , waiting room / warden' office - day Truman wait alone , look at the lone decoration : a campaign poster , show a fat man in a suit grin while hold a shotgun . across the bottom it read : walk tall with krutch . a young prison guard stick he head out of the office door . young prison guard warden krutch will see you now . int . ksp , warden' office - day Wood - panele wall , government - issue desk . on the wall behind the desk be a chart -- a racial accounting of the current inmate population . it read : white - 1405 , colored - 360 , mexican - 12 , indian - 6 . warden marshall krutch be fat , coarse , sweaty even in winter . and it 's spring . he 's run for Congress -- there be " krutch for congress " bumper sticker lay around the office . he 's enjoy a chance at a little publicity . the young prison guard stand quietly by the wall . krutch we do well by we boy . shower once a week . feed they good . we will be feed perry Smith in the infirmary soon if he do not eat . get the food in through he arm . truman what be you talk about ? krutch have not eat in a month . but it 's not he right to kill himself . it 's the people 's right . the people of this State . and that 's who I work for , the people . you can write any of this down . truman no one tell I . krutch yah . wo not eat . truman when can I see he ? krutch ( check desk calendar ) how about you come back Thursday ? truman no . that 's no good . I need to see they now , then whenever I want for as long as I want . krutch not how we do thing here . pause . truman I see . Truman glance at the campaign sticker , the young prison guard , then back at krutch . truman I understand what a burden unlimited visitation might be -- on this institution , and on the people who pay for it . I want to be clear that I do not expect the citizen of Leavenworth County to have to shoulder that burden . Truman reach into he jacket , pull from it a envelope stuffed with cash . he lay it on the desk . truman to be dispense as you see fit . krutch be stone - face as he regards the money . finally : krutch I do not know where to count you boy -- be half - indian . I do he a favor though . ( point to race chart ) counted he White . truman you be a kind and generous man . CUT to : int . ksp , death row - day the second floor of a small building in the corner of the prison complex . decrepit . the one hall be light by mesh - cover bare bulb in the ceiling . twelve cell -- six on each side . each be 7 by 10 foot , with one small , high window cover by bar and wire . the young prison guard open the heavy gate at the end of the hall and show Truman in . they walk down the row of cell . in one of they we notice lowell Lee andrew ( 20 , white , spectacle , enormously fat ) peer at he own face 4 inch from a mirror . Dick be lean against the bar of he own cell . he smile . hickock my hero . truman hello . hickock thanks for you help with the lawyer . truman that 's fine . hickock you must be desperate for a story to come all the way out here . young prison guard Mr. Capote . you be entitle to go in . you may , um , go in . if you wish . Truman hesitates for a second . hickock you want to see perry . go ahead . truman thank you . Truman walk to the next cell . hickock ask I , he 's just try to prove the insanity defense . Truman see perry , gaunt , lie on he cot , almost comatose . perry 's rather strike draw of a large yellow parrot sit propped on he table . a uneaten lunch tray lie on the floor -- a cockroach run over it . Truman watch , disturb . CUT to : int . supermarket - night camera follow Truman as he walk down a aisle with a small wicker basket . he stop , look at a shelf . int . supermarket - night Truman wait in the check - out line behind a mom pay for she grocery . her son ( 3 ) stand next to she leg , wear a little cowboy hat and cradling a toy gun to he chest . he suck he thumb . Truman and the boy look at each other . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - day Truman sit on the chair , he wicker basket on the table . he have spread out a cloth napkin . a guard watch from outside the cell . perry lie completely still on the cot . Truman take out jar of bonnet baby food , inspect the label . truman ( to perry ) I do not care what you plan be for yourself ... he decide on the custard jar . he open it , take a plastic baby spoon from the basket . truman but you be gonna wake up enough to tell I what you do with my tie . he spoon a bit into perry 's mouth . the guard walk away . Truman lean close to perry , whisper : truman it 's okay . it 's Truman . it 's you friend . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - later ( late afternoon ) perry sleep . Truman stand against the wall watch he . he have clean up the basket of food . he walk over to perry 's desk , see two handwritten notebook on it : the private diary of perry edward smith and personal dictionary . next to they , he see a pencil self - portrait perry draw . it 's very good . Truman touch it . int . ksp death row , perry' cell - later ( evening ) perry sleep . Truman sit on the chair watch , wait . perry open he eye , look at Truman . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - later ( night ) perry be sit up a bit , Truman help he sip a cup of water . perry lie back down . he 's look at Truman . truman how would you learn to draw like that ? perry close he eye . CUT to : int . car , drive - afternoon ( next day ) Truman drive through the kansas state penitentiary gate , wave to the Guard . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - evening perry sit on the bed , clean up , wet hair neatly comb , look at a few old snapshot he have save in a handkerchief . Truman sit in the chair across from he . perry hand he a photo of he mother . perry speak quietly . perry before she have we . before she start drink . truman who take care of you as a child ? perry orphanage . I and Linda . truman that 's you sister ? perry nod . Truman wait for more . it do not come . truman we be not so different as you might think . I be abandon repeatedly as a child . my mama would drag I along to some new town so she could take up with another man she would meet . night after night she would lock I in the hotel room -- mama would turn the latch and tell the staff not to let I out no matter what . I be terrify -- I would scream my head off -- till finally I would collapse on the carpet next to the door and fall asleep . after year of this she just leave I with relative in Alabama . perry who raise you up ? truman my aunt . ( perry nod ) that 's when I meet nelle -- she live next door . ( look again at the photo , hand it back ) you mother be indian ? perry Cherokee . truman drink be not a good thing for she . perry no tolerance for it . truman and you father ? perry no tolerance for he either . Truman 's laugh , surprised by the joke , though it 's unclear whether perry mean it as one . he stare at perry . truman what I can not decide be if you understand how fascinating you be . perry do not respond , then -- perry I be sorry about you tie . they take it away from I because we be all on suicide watch . it 's why the light stay on at night . truman I hope we be past that now . you have I worried . perry okay . truman I do not care about the tie . it 's just a pity because it look so good on you . perry lean in , motion toward Dick 's cell , lower he voice -- perry be careful of ricardo . I think he want you all to himself . truman alright -- perry but he 's naturally mendacious -- not to be trust -- if he have a hundred dollar he would steal a stick of chew gum . truman you would not . perry shake he head . then , Truman nod toward perry 's notebook . truman I want to take you notebook with I -- I want to read they . perry hesitates . truman if I leave here without understanding you , the world will always see you as a monster . I do not want that -- I do not see you that way . a moment , then perry reach for the notebooks , hand they to Truman . then he hand Truman the drawing he do of himself . perry I track my father down in Alaska . I be 14 . one day I say to he , " Mom 's dead . " I could see it . a week later we get the news . she finally drunk herself to death . Truman regards perry . then he look at the draw -- truman this be remarkable . perry sometimes you see a thing -- how it really be . on Truman hold the draw , look at perry . ext . kansas state penitentiary parking lot - night Truman walk quickly to he car , hold perry 's drawing and notebooks . at the car , he look back at the dark jailhouse . CUT to : int . HOTEL room , kansas CITY - late night Truman at the desk , perry' two book next to a legal pad already fill with note . he 's on the phone with nelle , paging through the personal dictionary captivate by it . truman he trust I -- that 's why he give it to I . he 's give I absolutely everything . ( paging through Diary ) you should see he drawing , nelle , how good he be . he want so badly to be take seriously , to be hold in some esteem . intercut with nelle , in pajamas , sit on the porch of she home in monroeville , smoking . int . nelle's live room - night nelle do you ? truman do I what ? nelle hold he in esteem ? truman well ... he 's a gold mine . I mean he 's tell I he entire life , and now it 's all here for I to write down -- all of the history I need . his entire life in this Diary . his dead mother . a brother and sister kill themselves . nelle you tell he you mama do the same thing ? truman I tell he everything . we have be talk we head off the past month . sometimes , when I think how good my book can be , I can hardly breathe . nelle huh . truman ( find what he want ) here 's what I want to read to you : " if call upon to make a speech : " -- this be exactly what I be talk about -- a speech just in case he 's ever recognize for a achievement : " if call upon to make a speech : I can not remember what I be go to say for the life of I . I do not think ever before have so many people be so directly responsible for my be so very , very glad . it 's a wonderful moment and a rare one . thank you ! " ( beat ) there 's a exclamation point on the end of that thank you , in case you do not catch it ... ( silence ) where would you go ? we hear nelle exhale she cigarette . nelle Christ . I guess it stop be funny . truman I never say it be . ( turn a page ) listen to this ... ext . kansas cityscape - various ( two week elapse ) int . diner , downtown kansas CITY - morning Truman be eat breakfast with Alvin dewey . a waitress refill they coffee . dewey ( to waitress ) thanks . she leave . a uncomfortable silence . then : dewey you be nothing if not hard - work . truman you look good , healthy again . dewey not a chance . dewey tap a cigarette out of he pack . truman I have decide on a title for my book . I think you will like it -- very masculine . " in cold blood . " dewey ( light the cigarette ) that refer to the crime or the fact that you be still talk to the criminal ? truman the former , among other thing . dewey I see . they eat for a moment . then : truman I have be want to ask if you will let I look at you investigation note . dewey that lawyer you help find for you friend get they a hearing at the Kansas Supreme Court -- truman I hear this morning . dewey -- on the issue of inadequate counsel . truman Alvin . do you not want I to look at you note ? you be permit to say no . dewey ( rise , take out wallet ) I will tell you what : if that boy get off , I be come to Brooklyn to hunt you down . Truman can not decide whether dewey be kid or not . dewey put money on the table . dewey I have to be in court at nine o'clock . he walk away . over he shoulder : dewey call Roy Church . he will show you what you want to see . CUT to : int . ksp , death row - day Truman walk down the hall . he pass Dick 's cell . Dick be lie in bed . Dick rise and smile widely at Truman . hickock hey , hey ... Truman smile , put he finger to he lip , continue past . he stop outside perry 's cell . perry ( look much healthier ) be draw at he table -- a picture of the huge yellow parrot swoop down from the sky . Truman watch for a few moment , then perry look at he . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - moment later the Guard lock Truman inside with perry . perry thank you . Truman look at the Guard -- he leave . truman it be as much for I as for anyone . I could not bear the think of lose you so soon . perry we be go to be able to use you book for we case . you will write we never get to raise we insanity plea . you write how terrible the lawyer be ? truman I have not write a word yet . beat . perry what have you be do ? truman Research . wait to talk to you . perry all right . truman I have hope -- perry what be you call it ? truman the book ? ( look directly at he ) I have no idea . pause . truman if I be go to write about you -- if I be go to determine how to write about you -- you need to tell I about that night at the clutter house . perry just look at he . truman perry . perry shake he head . truman why ? do you worry what I will think ? perry look away . a long moment . truman be that it ? silence . then : perry Dick say you know Elizabeth Taylor . truman I know a lot of people . Truman give up for now . see the picture of the yellow bird on the desk . truman what be that you keep draw ? perry you must hate have to come to this place -- truman perry , I have invitation to be in Morocco , Greece ... I choose to be here . that people have everything , all they prayer have be answer , yet they be more desperate than ever . I prefer to be here with you . perry ( look at Truman ; evenly ) I be ten , I wet the bed , the nun at the orphanage hate the smell . first month one of they find I shiver -- just try to get through the night . the sister pull back the cover and shine she flashlight to see what I would do . the sheet be wet . she hit I so many time with that flashlight she break it . ( he shrug ) that night I dream about the yellow bird . tall . yellow like the sun . it pick I up and it claw the nun 's eye and it lift I into the sky . they look at each other . ext . bar , downtown K.C. - night Truman on the street outside the club at a pay phone . he talk with Jack in Brooklyn . truman I be just miss this one piece , Jack . be patient with I . jack how long be that gonna take ? why do not you try leave he alone for a while ? come to Spain . you can always visit he later . truman I do not know . jack well , I be off . I have get my own write to do . truman do it in Brooklyn . wait for I . jack too many people around . ( beat ) I will leave the address on the kitchen table . Truman , what do you do there when you be not with he ? -- it must be awful . Truman 's watch a young guy stand outside the bar , look at he . jack think about what I say . join I when you can . truman I will . I will . bye . Truman follow the young guy into the bar . int . HOTEL room , kansas CITY - late night Truman sleep . he open he eye in bed . turn to the bedside table to see the draw of perry look at he . CUT to : ext . kansas CITY - dawn a young drifter stand alone on a empty street corner . he check a pay phone for a coin . it 's empty . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - day perry be lie on he cot read a adventure magazine -- something to do with find bury treasure off the coast of Mexico -- and suck on the tip of he thumb . after a moment he startle and look up . Truman stand outside he cell . he hold a stack of book : perry 's personal dictionary and diary , and a new webster' dictionary and thesaurus . perry I do not see you . Jesus , you ... ( stand , tuck in shirt ) come in . where 's the guard ? truman I can not . I bring you some thing , but I have to fly back East . perry when ? truman a hour . I be sorry . perry you can not . truman I be sorry . perry who be you go there to see -- hickock ( o.s. ) ( from next cell ) Capote , get it straight in you book -- we never intend on kill that family -- perry I tell he that . hickock ( o.s. ) no premeditation -- perry I tell he ! perry search the cell for something else to give to Truman to keep he there . then , he stop . he have nothing leave to give , and be unwilling to talk about that night at the clutter . he become very still . Truman speak gently -- truman you writings be magnificent . I hope this help you do more . no response . Truman place the book on the floor just outside perry 's cell -- perry 's writings in one stack and the new dictionary in another right next to it . truman I have so much material -- from the trial , from we visit , you journal . I have to organize it all , and I have to start the process of write . ( no response ) I will visit soon . perhaps this fall . ( back away ) I miss you already . write I every five minute . he turn and go . we stay with perry as Truman leave . we hear Dick speak to Truman . hickock ( o.s. ) be good now . hear Truman 's footstep recede . then , a long shot of the hallway as the Guard let Truman out the gate at the end of the row . silence . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell perry look down at the book sit on the floor outside he cell . he crouch , put he hand through the bar and touch the cover of the new dictionary . he 's alone . fade out . over black -- the sound of a jet airplane -- loud , then pass . ext . beach - day fade in : bright white sky . sound of seagull . Ocean , sand , cottage house in greenery set back from the beach . ext . rented cottage house - day the house Jack rent . Jack type on the upstairs deck . Truman pull up in a old taxi . Jack look out over the railing to the street . Jack emerge on the front porch as Truman walk up the path with he bag . they look at each other . then Truman look around at the incredible garden , the ocean in the background , and start to laugh . fade out . title up : " January , 1962 " sound of a manual typewriter over black . ext . rented cottage house - early morning fade in on the peaceful outside of the house . sound of typing . int . rented cottage house - early morning more type . a phone ring . camera track slowly through the pretty , tile live room , toward a door at the far end . int . bedroom , rented cottage house - early morning Truman at he desk , surround by pile of fill yellow pad , note card , a open trunk of random note . he be at the manual typewriter . the phone be on the floor , ringing . he type . the phone ring . exasperate , he pick up . truman what . shawn ( over phone ) Truman . I be suppose to be home for dinner with my wife three hour ago -- I have not be able to tear myself away from you book . it 's that good . it 's not good , it 's astonish . this first half be astonish . if the second half life up to this it , -- it -- how much be leave to do ? intercut with shawn 's office at the New Yorker , night . shawn have a stack of manuscript page on he desk . int . new yorker , william shawn' office truman I be already well into the third part , but I -- I can not finish that till I convince perry to describe the night of the killing to I . I be plan to visit this fall , see -- shawn I think you need to talk to he now . truman and we all need to see how this end for the final part . I can not finish the book till I know what happen . if perry and Dick be execute it 's one thing -- and if not , well -- shawn Truman . you get you end -- truman I really do not know -- shawn the Kansas court deny they appeal . it come over the wire on Friday . you need to talk to perry now . he will be dead by September . I be sorry , I know how much you have come to care about he . Truman be completely immobile . shawn Truman ? truman right . yes. right . shawn I want to set up a read for you in the fall , in New York . we will build some interest , and we will publish in the fall . on Truman . CUT to : int . kitchen , rented cottage house - morning Truman at the stove watch he tea water heat up . Jack enter with a huge basket of wine and groceries . truman plum . thank god . we have nothing in the house . he take one from the basket . Jack start to unpack food . truman why be not you work ? jack I know you could not be depend on to stock the kitchen . Truman look at he blankly . jack what would we feed we famous guest ? truman oh , Jesus . I completely forget . he help Jack put away the grocery . then : jack ( utterly nonchalant ) plus -- I finish my novel yesterday . Truman look at Jack , smile widely . CUT to : ext . beach - night Truman , Jack and nelle . a bonfire , a wind - up Victrola play ella fitzgerald , bottle of wine . Jack and nelle dance . Truman toast Jack drunkenly . truman my man , my hero , my talented ... my man ... jack you say that . truman you be the hardest worker , the most unsung talent I know . as nelle pass by on she way to London to sell she book which need no sell , may a little of she success rub off on both of we . Jack laugh . jack here , here ! nelle try to smack Truman but can not catch he . the song change to a slow one . Jack and Truman dance sweetly together . nelle sit on the sand and watch . CUT to : ext . upstair deck , rented cottage house - morning Breakfast . Truman and nelle be sit -- nelle have a small envelope in she hand . Truman be obviously uncomfortable . as Jack deliver a platter of omelettes to the table : nelle ( to Truman ) when be the last time you write back to he ? truman I do not know . jack what 's this ? nelle a letter for you boyfriend I be ask to deliver . truman from perry . jack let 's have it . Jack sit . nelle open the letter , read : nelle " dear friend Truman . where be you ? read this item in a medical dictionary : " death by hang be cause by asphyxia , by fracture of the cervical vertebrae , by laceration of the trachea . " not too comforting as we lose we appeal . miss you -- alone and desirous of you presence . you amigo , perry . " pause . truman Mr. shawn tell I about the court decision yesterday . jack I be wonder why you be in such a good mood . surely , I think , it 's not because I finish my little book . truman that 's a terrible thing to say . Jack look out at the ocean . truman ( to no one in particular ) I use to write he all the time . I have be so focus lately on the book . CUT to : ext . rented cottage house - day Truman and nelle carry she bag down the front walk toward a wait taxi . truman Jack say I be use perry , but he also think I fall in love with he when I be in Kansas . how both of that thing can be true be beyond I . nelle do you ? fall in love with he . silence as they load the bag into the trunk . nelle Truman ? -- truman I do not know how to answer that ... it 's as if perry and I start life in the same house . one day he stand up and walk out the back door while I walk out the front . with some different choice , he 's the man I might have become . nelle be you kid I ? Truman shrug , do not answer . nelle kiss he . nelle be nice to Jack . sometimes I think he 's what I like about you best . truman ( smile ) I will see you at the read in New York . nelle the sixteenth . nelle get in the taxi , then lean she head out the window . nelle Truman . honestly . be you go back to Kansas because you care about perry or because you need information before he 's kill ? truman can not it be both ? nelle no . I do not think it can be . she drive away . Truman watch she go . he turn back up toward the house , stop a moment to pick a flower from the bush at the front gate . CUT to : int . ksp , death row - day a Guard walk down the corridor carry a single flower . he deliver it to perry , then walk off . perry be confuse . he hear footstep approach , but can not see who it be . hickock ( o.s. ) hey , buddy . thanks . more footstep . camera on perry as the footstep finally arrive outside he cell . he 's shocked . reverse onto Truman , look tan , healthy , very blond . he hold a stack of book with a bow on top . he smile . CUT to : int . ksp , death row - later that night long shot of dimly light corridor , light spilling out from each cell . a row guard walk the hall . we hear voice murmure . six more guard arrive at the top of the stair . the row guard walk over , unlock the gate to let they in . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - night perry be look at the cover of a book -- " walden pond . " other book sit next to perry on the cot . among they -- willa cather 's " my antonia " , also " great expectation " -- perry what be he in jail for ? truman they say it be not pay he tax . but really for be a outsider -- refuse to go along . perry nod , look at the other book . truman you do not have to read any of this if you do not want to . but I think you would like something decent . you be much too smart for adventure magazine . through the bar of perry 's cell , we can see the six guard enter lowell Lee Andrew 's cell ( diagonally across the corridor ) . the row guard appear at perry 's cell . row guard lock-down while lowell go to solitary . nobody in or out . ( to Truman ) you want in or out ? Truman look at perry , then back to the Guard . truman in . int . ksp , death row , lowell lee andrew's cell - moment later the six guard start to pack up andrew cell while he sit on the cot and watch . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - later perry and Truman talk very quietly . ( throughout this scene , we see in the background , across the corridor , the mostly obscure cell of andrew . we see he incredibly fat leg be shackle , he belonging be pack in box . ) perry everyone say he 's a genius . I do not think he 's a genius . he 's rich and he go to college -- like any of we would have if we get the chance . he come home for Christmas and shot he parent -- truman -- in front of the television . perry you remember the story -- truman they be watch Father know best . they look at each other and smile . then : perry I will not be sorry to see he go . always correct my grammar . they watch andrew be shackle in the background . perry now -- Dick and I -- we be next in line . Truman regards perry , who look down . truman I be so sorry I have be away . perry it be a long time . truman I know . perry I wish you could come next week , when they take he out to the corner , but the whole prison shut down . truman I have to be in New York anyway . perry nod . perry how 's the book go ? truman very slowly . perry will you show it to I ? truman I have hardly write anything . one of the six guard clang andrew ' cell bar with he stick . guard # 1 ready . the row guard open the cell door . andrew be lead out , arm and leg shackle , into the corridor . hickock keep you head high , buddy . andrews alright now . hickock ... or they will not be able to rope you under you fat fuck chin . andrew be lead past perry 's cell . he look in at perry . andrews next ! andrew shuffles down the hall . perry watch he go . on Truman watch perry . we hear the gate slam shut . CUT to : int . theater - evening pack . nelle stand with William shawn , who receive well - wisher . BEN baron enter , see nelle . BEN baron ( loudly , over the hubbub ) hello Hollywood . that 's quite a bundle you sell you book for . nelle be embarrassed , mostly for Baron , to have the issue of money bring up publicly . nelle well ... Baron move past , nelle smile politely , whisper to shawn . nelle what a gentleman . int . theater , backstage room - moment later Truman sit alone . in the background , we can hear the noise of the huge crowd gather in the theater . Truman wear he most stylish literary outfit : a gorgeous dark green knize suit over a black cashmere turtleneck sweater , and horn-rimmed glass ( which we have never see he wear before ) . he 's freeze with anticipation , nervousness . after several moment a theater assistant open the door . young assistant Mr. Capote . can I get you anything ? truman no. ( clear he throat ) thank you . the assistant leave . we hear the crowd quiet down . Truman rise slowly , walk through the door to the backstage area . we hear William shawn on stage . shawn ( o.s. ) welcome New yorker ... int . wing / stage - night shawn pause briefly for a laugh that do not come . Truman continue walk toward the backstage curtain . shawn ( o.s. ) thank you for come to the first public read , the first offer of any kind , of Truman Capote 's new work " in cold blood . " we magazine -- Truman walk on stage . loud applause . shawn see he , slink back to he seat . Truman walk over to the podium , take in the enormous crowd . once it be completely quiet : truman hello . my name be Truman Capote . people laugh and applaud loudly . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - same time , night perry , eat dinner alone at he table , look up . we hear a loud engine revving outside . ext . ksp , the corner warehouse - same time a front -loader tractor drive into the warehouse . a prison police car park outside the warehouse . Guards get the enormous lowell Lee andrew , shackle , from the back seat , walk he inside . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - night c/ U on perry , now stand on he chair and watch out the tiny window . CUT to : int theater , NYC - night Truman on stage read . truman perry Smith 's voice be both gentle and prim -- a voice that , though soft , manufacture each sound exactly -- eject it like a smoke ring issue from a parson 's mouth . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - same time perry watch through he window . from inside the warehouse we hear the gallow trap door spring and clatter . on perry , CUT to : int . theater , NYC - same time Truman read . utter silence except for he voice . truman ( v.o. ) the village of holcomb stand on the high wheat plain of western Kansas , a lonesome area that other kansan call " out there . " until one morning in mid-november 1959 , few Americans -- in fact , few kansan -- have ever hear of holcomb . like the water of the [ Arkansas ] river , like the motorist on the highway ... exceptional happening have never stop there . ext . ksp , death row build - same time we see the outside wall with perry and Dick 's face peer out through they tiny window . ext . ksp , the corner warehouse - night the tractor emerge through the warehouse door . it carry in its front shovel the enormous , dead body of andrews cover by a black cloth . int . theater , NYC - same time Truman read . the audience completely still . truman the four coffin , which quite fill the small , flower - crowded parlor , be to be seal at the funeral service -- very understandably , for the effect ... be disquieting . Nancy wear she dress of cherry - red velvet , she brother a bright plaid shirt ; the parent be more sedately attire , Mr. clutter in navy - blue flannel , he wife in navy - blue crepe ; and -- and it be this especially that leat the scene a awful aura -- the head of each be completely encase in cotton , a swollen cocoon twice the size of a ordinary blow - up balloon , and the cotton , because it have be spray with a glossy substance , twinkle like Christmas - tree snow . CUT to : ext . ksp , the corner warehouse - night the tractor roll the body into the bed of a wait pick - up truck . ext . ksp , death row build - same time perry watch through he window . int . theater , NYC - same time Truman read . the audience transfix . truman imagination , of course , can open any door -- turn the key and let terror walk right in . [ one ] Tuesday , at dawn , a carload of ... stranger , ignorant of the local disaster -- be startle by what they see as they cross the prairy and pass through holcomb : window ablaze , almost every window in almost every house , and , in the brightly light room , fully clothed people , even entire family , who have sit the whole night wide awake , watchful , listen . of what be they frighten ? " it might happen again . " he close he manuscript . several moment of silence , then thunderous applause . CUT to : int . theater , backstage room - night Truman 's dress room . pack with well - wisher drink from bottle of champagne , smoking , toast , shouting to be hear . Truman in the corner with Christopher isherwood , BEN baron other , laugh . a literary enthusiast approach , lean in . literary enthusiast you portrait of that man be terrifying . terrify . truman thank you . Truman and isherwood watch he walk away . isherwood you hairpiece be terrifying . truman I be go to say the same thing ! Truman laugh loudly . we see nelle look over from across the room at she friend have the time of he life . CUT to : int . new yorker , william shawn' office - next day Truman be hang over but immensely gratify . he 's with shawn . shawn everyone be there . truman Tennessee love it . shawn of course he do . truman should we do more ? I be terrify , but -- shawn no , now we get to withhold while everyone else talk . let they do the work . Truman be barely able to suppress he excitement . shawn this book be go to change everything . it will change how people see you as a writer . it will change how people write . you will finish by October ? truman I think so . you know they be schedule for next month ? shawn hanging . yes . I will commit as many issue as it take to publish . Three . as many as it take . truman I be fly to Kansas tomorrow . I will get perry to talk -- shawn honestly , what 's he get to lose ? Truman smile at the joke , then stop himself . truman it really be too awful . institutionalize sadism . shawn nod . shawn you will be able to finish now . truman as strange as it may sound to you , I be go to miss he . fade out . over black -- the sound of a jet airplane -- loud , then pass . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - day Truman , flushed , out of breath , stand outside perry 's cell . he 's just arrive . he hold a fold - up newspaper . perry sit at he table read legal document . truman when do you hear ? perry look up , mistake Truman 's state for share enthusiasm . he smile widely . perry two day ago . the Guard open the cell for Truman . perry hold up one of the document . perry it 's what we have be wait for . a stay of execution to make a federal appeal . Truman enter . perry go to he and hug he tightly . perry all thanks to you . on Truman , shocked , be hugge . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - later Truman sit on the bed , he coat still on , watch perry -- hype up , talk , walk around the cell . perry Kansas 's have it in for I for ten year -- in prison the first time , at that trial , here . they can not corner I now . not till the U.S. government say so -- truman perry , sit down . for a minute . ( perry sit ) I need you to talk to I ... perry we have get all the time in the world to talk . about everything . I have be think about ricardo . you need to stop send he that trashy book . I will not even mention the pornography . ( get up ) I realize he might have trouble grasp the literature you give I , but that book only exacerbate the problem -- only ' heighten ' or ' intensify ' it . maybe we should start he on a program ... truman perry . perry give he the simple novel first -- truman perry . perry stop . truman I know what exacerbate mean . perry okay . I think in case ... truman there be not a word , or a sentence , or a concept , that you can illuminate for I . there be one singular reason that I keep come here -- perry Truman -- truman ... November 14th , 1959 . Three year ago . Three year . that 's all I want to hear from you . pause . perry I have ask you not to -- truman ( stand up ) this be ridiculous . ( to the Guard ) I be ready . ( to perry ) I have a plane to catch . I find you sister in Tacoma . maybe she will talk to I about something useful . perry do not go out there . the Guard let Truman out of the cell . perry please do not go out there . the Guard shut the door . truman this be my work , perry . I be work . when you want to tell I what I need to hear , you let I know . he walk off down the hall . the gate slam shut . CUT to : int . perry' sister' house , kitchen - day cheaply build ranch house . linda murchak ( 30 ) walk in the kitchen back door , shut it . mrs . murchak they will play outside a while longer . Mrs. murchak look like a female perry , dark and small , attractive and nervous . through the window , we see three little child play on a decrepit jungle gym in the yard . Truman sit at the table , leaf through a photo album . mrs . murchak I do not want they to see that . truman they have never see this picture ? mrs . murchak ( shake she head ) too many question . she join Truman again at the table . we see a old photo of the smith family -- Linda at age 8 , perry ( 5 ) ; they older sister , June ; they brother Frank ; and the parent : Florence ( american indian ) and John ( irish ) -- in front of they rundown truck on a desolate road . mrs . murchak June 's dead . Frank shot himself . now perry 's do what he do . I suppose I be next . some ruination will visit I . truman I do not think life work that way . mrs . murchak it do in this family . Truman turn the page . a picture of perry ( 3 ) and Linda holding hand and splash in a big mud-puddle in the rain . Linda be smile at perry , who be naked , laugh . mrs . murchak I use to love he . he be my little doll . he turn the page . a picture of perry ( 6 ) and Linda sit on the back step of a shack , poke with a stick at something in the dirt . after a moment , she get up , clear coffee cup . mrs . murchak he scare I now . truman when be the last time you see he ? mrs . murchak ten year . she pick up the album to put it away . truman do you think I could borrow one of that picture ? mrs . murchak ( hand it to he ) take the whole thing . I do not want them anymore . ( then ) just ... perry do not know where I live . he think we be still in Portland . please do not tell he we be not . truman ( he already have ) alright . mrs . murchak do not be take in by my brother . he 's get this sensitive side he will show . you believe he 's gentle , so easily hurt . but he would just as soon kill you as shake you hand . I believe that . CUT to : int . ksp , death row - next day Truman slow for a moment as he pass hickock 's cell . truman hello handsome . hickock just stare at he . Truman , unnerve , move on to perry 's cell . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - continuous perry do pushup . he see Truman and stop . he stand . the row Guard approach . row guard you want to go in ? Truman regards perry for a few moment , then : truman yes the Guard unlock the door . perry start to move toward it . the Guard slam it shut . perry what 's the name of you book ? no response . perry can barely control he anger . perry what 's the name of you book ? truman I do not ... perry what 's the name of you book ? truman I do not know what you be talk about . perry pick up a cut - out article from the NY Times from he desk . he read . perry " Truman Capote read last night before a pack audience from he non-fiction book in cold blood . " he look at Truman . perry more ? ( read ) " the true -crime novel tell of killer Richard hickock and perry Smith , who brutally murder a Kansas family three year ago . " truman who send that to you ? perry do not answer . truman who send that to you ? perry that 's not you goddamn business . truman it be my business , because it 's not true . the organizer of the read need a title . they pick one -- a sensational one , I admit -- to attract a crowd . perry they pick it . truman yes . perry that 's not you title . truman I have not choose one yet . perry stare at he , not believe . truman how could I choose -- perry you pretend to be my friend ... truman how could I choose a title when you still have not tell I what happen that night ? how could I ? I could not possibly . Long pause . Truman reach in he breast pocket and extract a photo ( the one of perry and Linda splash in the puddle . ) truman I have something from you sister . he hand it through the bar to perry . perry take it . truman she miss you . perry look at the photo . after a few moment , Truman turn to the Guard . truman it 's alright . I will go in . the Guard unlock the cell . Truman enter . the Guard lock up , walk away . perry be still look at the photo . truman I be sorry . I should have tell you what they make I call the book . ( touch perry 's arm ) I could not pretend to be you friend . the truth be , I can not help want to be . ( silence , then : ) you do not have to tell I anything if you do not want to . perry look at the photo of himself and he sister for a long time . perry look at my belly . perry sit on the bed . then , almost to himself : perry there must be something wrong with we . to do what we do . Truman wait he out , sit on the chair . finally , perry look at he . when perry speak , it be quietly , completely matter - of - fact . perry we hear there be ten thousand dollar in that house . once we would tie up everybody and searched all over , I know the guy who tell we about it be wrong . there be not any money . but Dick would not believe it . he go tear through the house again , bang on the wall , look for a safe . he say when he be do , he be go to come up to Nancy 's room and have he way with she . I would not allow it . I tell he that . I sit with Nancy . CUT to : int . clutter house , nancy'' room - flashback , night perry and Nancy . perry sit quietly on the edge of Nancy 's bed . a SMALL bedside lamp softly illuminate a portion of the room . we hear Dick bang around downstairs . perry ( v.o . ) it be nice in there . the scene be almost sweet , until we see that Nancy 's leg and hand be tied and she mouth be tape . int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - night perry talk to Truman . perry Dick come to get I and we turn out the light and go down to the basement , where we have Mr. clutter and the boy . Dick keep say " no witness . " I figure if I just wait he out he would give up and leave they tie up there . we would drive all night , they would never find we . Mr. clutter 's wrist be tie to a pipe over he head . he look like he be hurt , so I cut he down . CUT to : int . clutter house , basement - flashback , night herbert clutter be bound and tape , he hand tie to a pipe on the low ceiling . perry cut the rope with a hunting knife , catch hold of herb clutter , lower he onto a mattress box on the floor . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - night perry talk to Truman . perry we put a box there on the floor so he would be more comfortable . he ask if he wife and daughter be alright and I say they be fine , they be ready to go to sleep . I tell he it be not long till morning when somebody would find they . ( beat ) he be look at I . just ... look at I . look at my eye . like he expect I to kill he -- expect I to be the kind of person who would kill he . I be think -- this nice man , he 's scared of I . I be ashamed . I mean , I think he be a kind man , a good ... a gentleman . I think so right up to the moment I cut he throat . I do not realize what I would do till I hear the sound . CUT to : int . clutter house , basement - flashback , night herb clutter gurgle on the floor . perry ( v.o. ) like some one drown under water . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - night perry and Truman . silence , then : perry I be stare at he , bleed on the floor . I tell Dick to finish he off , but he would not do it . we could not leave Mr. clutter like that , so I get the shotgun . CUT to : int . clutter house , basement - flashback , night perry approach with a shotgun . he aim and shoot he in the face . int . clutter house , another part of the basement - flashback night kenyon clutter ( 15 ) be bound and gag on a old sofa , a pillow under he head . a flashlight illuminate he face . a shotgun enter frame , fire . a enormous burst of light . int . clutter house , herb and bonnie' room - flashback , night bonnie clutter ( 40' , small and thin ) tie up on she bed . moonlight through the window . perry ( v.o. ) we go to Mrs. clutter 's room . the door open . perry and Dick walk in with a flashlight . perry point the shotgun at bonnie 's face , fire . a burst of light . int . clutter house , nancy'' room - flashback , night perry and Dick enter Nancy 's room , shine the flashlight on she face . she look at perry . she have be cry . after a moment , she turn her face to the wall , as if she know what be come and do not want to watch it . perry aim the shotgun at the back of she head . the flashlight switch off . the shotgun fire . a burst of light . CUT to : int . ksp , death row , perry' cell - night perry and Truman . perry still on the bed . Truman sit , not move , on the chair . silence . perry then we drive off . silence . perry look at Truman . perry what do you think of I now ? no answer . then : truman add up , how much money do you get from the clutter ? perry think . perry between forty and fifty dollar . Truman nod . they sit there for a long time . fade out : int . HOTEL room , kansas CITY - dawn , continuous fade in : hand type on a manual typewriter . Truman type at the desk . he stop , remove the page from the typewriter , place it on top of a SMALL stack of page . he sit back . CUT to : int . plane - day Truman in he seat , sip a drink . he look out the window . CUT to : ext . STREET , brooklyn height - late afternoon Truman walk with he TRAVEL bag on he shoulder . he take out he keys and turn up the step to he house . int . truman and jack house , front hall - continuous Truman open the door . truman Jack . no answer . he walk down the hall to the bedroom . int . truman and jack house , bedroom - continuous Truman enter , drop he travel bag on the bed , zip it open , remove a SMALL stack of typed page . he walk to he desk . on the desk , we see a huge stack of typed page with a title page on top which read : in cold blood . Truman lift the huge stack , place the SMALL stack under it . he smooth out the page , then step back from it . he call out : truman Jack . no answer . on Truman , stand in the middle of he room . he have finish all that he can finish , and be lose as to what to do next . fade out . title up : " one Year later " over black we hear the following dialogue come up slowly : truman ( v.o. ) ... I want to give it to you . the truth be , I be desperate to be do with it ... fade in : int . truman and jack house , kitchen - day Truman on the phone , in pajamas , look in the fridge . truman Mr. shawn , I ... I have spend four year of my life on this book ... they get a stay of execution yesterday ... another , yes .... he get out a jar of bonnet baby food custard and start to eat it . Truman find a bottle of j&amp ; B on the counter and pour a shot in he custard . truman Supreme Court .... he stir the custard , eat it . truman ... it 's harrowing -- all I want be to write the end and there 's no fuck end in sight ... no . no , I have not be drink again ... int . truman and jack house , bedroom - later Truman sit on the bed with a glass of bourbon , stare at the television . a empty jar of baby custard sit on the bedside table . int . truman and jack house , bedroom - later Truman on the bed , the television still on , another drink . we hear a doorbell . we hear Jack walk down the hall , answer the door , shut the door . Jack enter with a telegram . jack I do not know how you can eat that . perhaps if you be not drink so much you would not have to . no response . Jack turn down the television , open the telegram . jack ( read ) " dear friend Truman . have not hear from you in such a long while . please help find new lawyer . if not , Dick will have to write Supreme Court brief himself . we last appeal . what a pair of wretch creature . please help . you amigo ? perry . " pause . Jack look at Truman . jack you amigo . Truman stare back . finally , he turn back to the television . truman put it with the other . Jack go to the desk and place the telegram on top of a large pile of telegram , all from perry -- all , we should assume , unanswer . Jack walk out . Truman sip he drink . int . truman and jack house , bedroom - later , early evening Truman at the desk , still in pajamas , type . Jack enter wear a tuxedo , read over Truman 's shoulder . we see : " ... unable to find laywer despite extensive search . so sorry . all best , Truman . " jack you try ? Truman extract the page from the typewriter , fold it , and put it in a envelope . he take a sip of he bourbon . jack ( walk out ) you need to get ready . CUT to : int . limousine , moving - night Truman and Jack be drive . both wear tuxedos and overcoat . Truman drink . int . limousine , moving - night , later driving . Truman and Jack sit in silence , then : jack at least pretend for nelle that you be have a good time tonight . the limo turn a corner and we see a enormous crowd in front of a theater . on the marquee it say : " open tonight - to kill a mockingbird " it be cold . Truman and Jack 's limo pull up . a usher open they door . ext . movie theater - moment later Truman , obviously drunk , preens and pose on the red carpet for the cameras . Jack watch from the side . CUT to : int . sardi be restaurant , open party - night huge party in progress . nelle walk through the crowd . people turn to she say : " congratulation " ; " wonderful " . she find Truman sit at the bar , receive a new drink . truman nelle . she look uncomfortably dolled up for the premiere of she movie . nelle I think I would find you here . truman ( to the bartender ) please , another . he hand nelle he drink , receive another . after a moment : nelle how be you ? truman terrible . beat . nelle I be sorry to hear that . truman well . it 's torture . torture ... ( he drink ) ... what they be do to I . nelle uh-huh . truman now the Supreme Court . can you believe it ? if they win this appeal I will have a complete nervous breakdown . I may never recover . just pray thing turn my way . nelle it must be hard . truman it 's torture . they be torture I . nelle I see . nelle regards he for a moment . nelle and how would you like the movie , Truman . she put she drink down on the bar and walk away . Truman turn back to the bartender , shrug . truman I frankly do not know what the fuss be about . on Truman , alone at the bar . fade out . ext . STREET , outside truman and jack house - early morning fade up on a paper boy riding he bike down the street . New bud be on the tree . it be spring . the boy wear a new york time bag sling over he chest and be toss copy of the paper . one of they land on Truman and Jack 's stoop . int . truman and jack house , bedroom - morning phone ringing . Truman asleep . int . truman and jack house , jack tiny office - same time Jack be write , longhand , at he desk . phone be ringing . Jack notice that he door be slightly ajar . he kick it shut . the ringing be much quieter . he keep write . int . truman and jack house , bedroom - same time Truman asleep . phone ringing . he wake up , groggy , answer . truman hello . operator ( over phone ) Mr. Capote ? truman yes ? operator I have a call from Mr. perry Smith in the Kansas correctional system . will you accept charge ? pause . operator Mr. Truman Capote ? truman yes . operator will you accept charge ? truman oh. ( no way out of this ) uh ... yes . operator you will accept charge ? truman yes . operator Mr. Smith , you be on the line . now Truman 's awake . we hear a series of click , then : perry ( over phone ) hello . Truman can not bring himself to speak . perry hello ? I can not -- ( to someone ) this do not seem -- ( we hear perry click the cradle , then : ) Operator , I do not think you put I -- truman I be here . beat . perry Truman . truman hello , perry . perry they let I make a couple phone call before I go down to holding ... you hear the Supreme Court reject the appeal . truman I do not ... I have not hear that . perry yeah . pause . truman I be sorry . perry yeah . they let I make two phone call . Truman do not know what to say . perry we have get a date set for the warehouse , Dick and I . two week and ... finito . April 14 . beat . perry will you visit I ? Truman . will you come visit ? truman I do not know if I can . I will try. ( beat ) I do not know if I can . we hear over the line a guard in the background : guard in background ( over phone ) time , Smith . hang it up . perry please visit I , Truman . just ... guard in background ( over phone ) time . Smith . click . Truman sit very still , the phone in he hand . CUT to : int . ksp , death row - one week later , night perry and Dick be shackle , they belonging pack into box . one of the guard in perry 's cell clang the bar with he stick . guard ready . CUT to : int . ksp , confinement cell - one week later , night perry lie alone on he cot . the door open , krutch enter with a guard . krutch perry . perry sit up . krutch sit on the one chair . the Guard stand by the door , take out a pad and stubby pencil . krutch you be allow three name of people you would like to witness tomorrow . if there 's anybody you want , tell I now . perry Truman Capote . krutch nod to the Guard who write the name down . krutch wait , then : krutch anybody else ? perry shake he head . int . truman and jack house , bedroom - late night in a chair near the window , Truman sit awake in he pajamas , unable to sleep , completely unable to decide what to do . he watch Jack sleep . a long time -- then Truman walk to the closet , get out a travel bag , start to pack . CUT to : ext . idlewild airport , new york - day a plane take off . int . plane , first CLASS section - day Truman sit next to William shawn , who look exhaust . the stewardess be approach with the drink cart . she collect a empty baby custard jar from Truman 's tray . shawn you want anything ? Truman shake he head . CUT to : ext . kansas state penitentiary - dusk outside light switch on as it get dark . int . ksp , confinement cell - night perry sit alone . the door open and a Guard bring in he last meal : three hot dog , french fries , a ice cream sundae , a strawberry soda . the Guard set it down on the chair . perry thank you . ( then ) you send the telegram to he hotel ? guard hour ago . perry look at the clock on the wall : it 's after 8 pm . perry May I make a phone call ? CUT to : int . HOTEL room , muehlebach HOTEL , kansas CITY - night phone ringing . the clock rad 8:55 pm . empty drink glass , a custard jar . Truman lie curl in a fetal position on the bed . shawn walk the floor , exasperate . shawn that 's he again . Truman be immobile . phone still ring . shawn we have never even meet . it be utterly inappropriate for I to be talk to he . shawn give up , pick up the phone . shawn yes ... I be sorry , he 's out , go out ... I be not sure when ... CUT to : int . ksp , hallway - night krutch walk with a telegram page in hand . a Guard follow . they pass a wall clock : 9:40 pm . int . ksp , confinement cell - night krutch and Guard enter perry 's cell . perry have not touch he meal . krutch you get a telex . perry nod . krutch read : krutch " perry . unable to visit today because not permit . always you friend , Truman . " ( apologetically ) that 's it . perry it 's not true , be it ? krutch hesitates a moment , then shake he head . CUT to : int . nelle's kitchen , monroeville - minute later nelle on the phone look at a telegram . the kitchen clock read 10:20 pm . she wait a moment till the line be answer . nelle ( on phone ) Mr. shawn ? it 's nelle ... I just get this telegram , have he see it ? intercut with William shawn on the phone in Truman 's hotel room . a telegram lie on the desk . Truman lie on the bed . int . muehlebach HOTEL room , kansas CITY - night shawn ( on phone ) he will not look at it . nelle would you put he on please ? shawn he will not talk . nelle ( calmly ) Mr. shawn , if you have to hold he down and put the phone on he ear , I need to speak to he . shawn , terrifically uncomfortable , walk over to Truman and hold the phone out to he . shawn it 's nelle . a moment , then Truman take the phone . on Truman 's face . we hear , through the receiver , nelle : nelle ( over phone ) Truman . Truman finally breathes out . CUT to : int . ksp , holding cell - same time perry be lead , shackle , into a hold cell on the ground floor of the death row Building . Dick be already there , seat , shackle . we hear perry' voice : perry ( v.o. ) " miss nelle harper Lee and Truman Capote : sorry that Truman be unable to make it here at the prison for a brief word prior to necktie party ... the clock read 11:05 pm . through the window , we see activity in the Gallows warehouse across the yard . perry ( v.o. ) ... whatever he reason for not show up , I want he to know that I cannot condemn he for it and understand ... perry make eye contact with the Guard , who chews gum . the Guard check through the SMALL window in the door , then approach perry , place a stick of gum in perry 's mouth . perry chews . perry ( v.o. ) ... not much time leave but want you both to know that I have be sincerely grateful for you friendship through the year and everything else ... CUT to : int . muehlebach HOTEL room , kansas CITY - night Truman open the door to the other part of the suite , where William shawn be wait . Truman be fully dress and ready . perry 's voice : perry ( v.o. ) ... I be not very good at this thing .... ext . kansas state penitentiary - night taxicab pull up to the prison gate . perry 's voice : perry ( v.o. ) I have become extremely affectionate toward you both . but , harness time . adios amigo . you friend , perry . " int . ksp , waiting room outside cell - night clock read 11:35 pm . Truman sit with shawn . Truman be look at the telegram from perry . he fold it , put it in the breast pocket of he jacket . krutch approach . krutch I do not think I would be see you again . ( then ) you can visit for a few minute . Truman stand , turn to shawn , still seat . shawn no . truman come with I . shawn Truman . no. Truman go alone . int . ksp , holding cell - night perry , Dick , a Guard . krutch let Truman in . krutch five minute . he exit , close the door . Truman do not know what to say . hickock ( without rancor ) he return . Long time . truman I do not know what you must think of I . hickock you have not be foremost on my mind lately . as you can imagine . Dick look at perry and smile . perry chew he gum and smile back , then look to Truman who seem upset . perry you get the letter ? truman yes . perry it 's true . I mean I understand why you do not want to come . I would not be here either if I do not have to . hickock you get that right . silence . perry you know ricardo donate he eye to science ? next week , some blind man will be see what Dick use to see . hickock ( laugh ) he would be better off the way he be . what I have see have not be so nice to look at -- but I guess it 's better than nothing . ( he shrug , to Truman ) they come around with a form . ( beat ) hey . you will be walk down the street one day in Denver , wherever -- and suddenly this eye will be stare at you . would not that be something ? truman ( quietly ) it would be . krutch open the door . krutch time . Truman look at the clock : 11:50 pm . Truman turn to perry and Dick . perry stand . perry you will be watch ? truman I do not know . do you want I to ? perry I would like to have a friend there . truman okay . then I will . Truman look down , start to cry . perry it 's alright . truman I do everything I could . perry okay . truman I truly do . perry I know . Truman nod , wipe he eye . truman Goodbye , perry . perry you be not rid of I yet . I will see you in a few minute . Truman go . on perry watch he leave . CUT to : int . corner warehouse - night huge . dirt floor . wooden gallow . twenty men stand around , some smoking . some be silent . some whisper quietly . journalist . also , Alvin dewey and the kbi man : Church and nye . krutch in front of the gallow with a chaplain . at the foot of the gallow step , the executioner -- thin , older , a too-large pin-stripe suit and stain cowboy hat . Truman . William shawn . headlight , then a prison car enter , stop . Dick be extract from the back seat . he stand , look at the crowd , then at the gallow . the Guards nudge he forward . int . ksp , holding cell - a few minute later clock read 12:05 pm . perry sit alone look at he hand . we hear a trap door spring and clatter . perry look up . int . prison car - night Light rain outside . perry in the back seat be drive across the yard . he look out he window , see a pickup truck drive out of the corner warehouse . on it : a body cover by a black cloth . int . corner warehouse - night the prison car enter , stop . perry be remove from the back seat . he stand , look at the assemble man , look at Truman . he 's nudge forward . as he pass dewey , he extend he hand : perry Nice to see you . dewey be catch off - guard so shake he hand . perry be lead to the base of the gallow . krutch perry Edward smith. ( read ) " for the crime of murder in the first degree , by order of the Court of finney County and the Supreme Court of the sovereign State of Kansas , you be sentence to hang until you die . " ( then ) you can say something if you want . perry ( quietly , to krutch ) be there anybody from the family here ? krutch no . perry be disappointed by this information . perry well . tell they ... ( he look out at everyone ) I can not remember what I be go to say for the life of I ... he stop . several moment . krutch can not tell if he 's do . finally , krutch nod to the Guard . perry be lead up the step . the chaplain follow . chaplain though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for thou art with I . the executioner put the noose around perry 's neck . perry chew he gum . executioner open a black cloth sack . perry look at the chaplain read prayer , look at the crowd , at Truman . chaplain thy rod and thy staff , they comfort I . the black sack go over perry 's head . Truman watch . he stand next to Alvin dewey . chaplain thou preparest a table before I in the presence of mine enemy . thou annointest my head with oil . the executioner pull the handle , perry drop . chaplain my cup runneth over . on Truman . then a wide shot of the inside of the warehouse : twenty man watch perry Smith hang , the chaplain read . fade out . over black : the SOUND of a telephone ringing , as hear through the receiver . we hear the click of the phone be picked up , then , after a moment , a voice : nelle hello . fade up : int . HOTEL room , kansas CITY - early morning Truman sit on the edge of the bed in he wet overcoat , as if he would walk in the rain . truman someday I will tell you about it . for the moment , I be too shattered . pause . nelle they be dead , Truman . you be alive . truman it be a terrible experience and I will never get over it . ( then ) there be not anything I could have do to save they . we hear nelle light a cigarette . nelle maybe not . we hear she exhale slowly . nelle but the fact be , you do not want to . on Truman , fade out . fade in : bright white . airplane noise . color resolve into : int . first CLASS section , airplane - day Truman , seat on the aisle , next to William shawn . after a long silence , he extract from he leather briefcase a package wrap in brown paper . hand it to Truman . shawn it come to the hotel this morning . I tell they I would give it to you . the package say kansas state penitentiary and be address to Truman . Truman open it . he take out perry' notebooks -- the diary and personal dictionary . he open the Diary . toward the end , he find perry 's final entry . he read silently . we hear perry 's voice : perry ( v.o. ) do we not know we be to die , we would be child . by know it , we be give the opportunity to mature in spirit ... Truman turn the page . it 's blank . he close the Diary . we continue to hear perry 's voice as Truman take out a snapshot -- the one of perry ( at age 3 ) and Linda splash in the puddle . perry ( v.o. ) some take that opportunity . I hope I have ... Truman take out a pencil drawing perry do of he . it 's very good , though Truman look old and weary in it . perry life be only the father of wisdom . death be the mother . Truman find , at the bottom of the package , he tie . he take it out , clutches it . Truman grasp for William shawn 's hand , find it , hold on tightly . shawn sit stoically , hope no one will notice . the camera pull back , up the aisle . Truman clutches the tie , and hold on to shawn 's hand , for dear life . fade to black . title up : ( each title fade up in succession ) in cold blood make Truman Capote the most famous writer in America . he never finish another book . the epigraph he choose for he last publish work read : " more tear be shed over answer prayer than unanswer one . " he die in 1984 of complication due to alcoholism . the end