0 inferno screenpla David ki September 20 , 2013 ext sixth avenue day humanity teem on Sixth Avenue at rush hour . it 's one of that long lens shot , the kind that make you be glad you be not cramme onto that same sidewalk with the sweaty horde . a town car pull over in the bumper- to- bumper traffic and a elegant woman in she mid-forty get out , carry a leather satchel . dr . elizabeth sinskey be late . the driver lower the window , wait , I can get you there . dr . sinskey too crowded ! I will do better on foot . she hurry away into the thick of the crowd . CUT to : ext 68 th and park avenue day it 's much quieter at 68th and Park . Dr. sinskey stand at the door of a three story neoclassical building on the corner . it 's a magnificent place , the type that would have be home to a oil baron in the early 1900s . sinskey wait , one hand on the ornate handle of the large door , look up into a video camera . she force a smile for whoever 's watch . council on foreign relation New York City two year ago the door buzy and Dr. sinskey pull it open . int council on foreign relation - lobby day Dr. sinskey approach a receptionist at a desk in the lobby . dr . sinskey Dr. Elizabeth sinskey of the World Health Organization . TI have a appointment with Dr. bertram Zobrist . int c.f.r . - conference room day Dr. sinskey be ushere into a conference room . the wooden blind be draw , just a few slant ray of light pierce the air of the grand , panell room . a large video screen sit at the end of a mahogany conference table , and a tall silhouett figure stand in front of it . 2 . 9-20-13 continued : Dr. sinskey blink , she eye adjust . the figure speak -- bertram zobrist have a precise but undefinable accent . alsatian , maybe ? zobrist Dr. sinskey . I be at you presentation this morning at the U.N. very impressive . dr . sinskey thank you , Doctor . she take off she coat , put it over a chair , and have a seat at the conference table . dr . sinskey ( cont would ) to what do I owe the pleasure of meeting you ? he hit a button on a laptop and_an image pop up on the screen -- a painting depict a vast sea of humanity , throng of sickly people climb over one another in a dense tangle of body . dr . sinskey ( cont would ) yes , I be just on Sixth Avenue . zobrist ( ignore she joke ) dore 's grim interpretation of Dante 's vision of hell . I hope it look comfortable to you . because that 's where we be head . dr . sinskey I be sorry , may I ask what this be about ? zobrist there be only one global health issue , Doctor . overpopulation . every other ill that ail the planet be a symptom of that disease . and you organization have become part of the problem . dr . sinskey Dr. Zobrist , I agree to meet you out of deference to you reputation and you accomplishment in germ - line manipulation . I do not agree to be lecture . 3 . 9-20-13 continued : zobrist actually , I be hope for enlightenment . he pick up a sheet of paper from the table and tear it in half . he put the two piece on top of each other and tear they again . he place the stack of four smaller piece back on the table . zobrist ( cont would ) the original sheet of paper be one tenth of a millimeter thick . after two tear , it 's four tenth of a millimeter . if I be to repeat the process -- say , fifty time -- do you know how tall the stack would be ? dr . sinskey one-tenth of a millimeter time two to the fiftieth power . it 's call geometric progression . and I be call it a day . she put she phone in she bag , close it , and start to stand . zobrist to the sun . after only fifty doubling , the stack of paper would reach to the sun . in spite of she irritation with he , that slow she down . he hit another button and the image change to a graph . a straight line move across the bottom of the frame , nearly all the way from leave to right . but just before it reach the right side , the line turn sharply upward , in a nearly straight line . zobrist ( cont would ) it take the earth 's population a hundred thousand year to reach a billion people . then just a hundred year to reach two billion . and only fifty year to double again , to four billion people , in 1970 . we be nearly at eight billion now . if you and I live another forty year , we will see the world 's population quadruple in we lifetime . thirty - two billion people . by any biological gauge , we species have exceed sustainable number . continued : 4 . 9-20-13 dr . sinskey the w.h.o. take overpopulation quite seriously . we spend ten of million on condom distribution every - zobrist you be swinging a fly swatter at a income asteroid . dr . sinskey what exactly be it you would like we to do , Doctor ? zobrist I want the w.h.o. to take bold action in the face of imminent human extinction . or I will take such action myself . she look at he . he can not be say what she think he 's say . dr . sinskey you should choose you word more carefully . some might interpret that as a terrorist , threat . zobrist the darkest place in hell be reserve for that who maintain they neutrality in time of moral crisis . dr . sinskey I see . and what be you vision of a sustainable future ? what be the ideal population of the earth ? zobrist humankind 's best chance of long - term survival occur with a global population of around four billion . dr . sinskey it 's a little late for that . he take a step forward , and now he 's fully light from above . zobrist be it ? CUT to : 5 . 9-20-13 int dream space night in the dark of a dream , surreal image swim before we . we be move across a post -apocalyptic landscape , under fiery sky . writhing pair of leg protrude upside down from the earth , poor soul who have be bury headfirst to the waist . on each of the pale thigh , the letter " R , " smear in mud . at least , we hope it 's mud . the cry of human suffering can be hear all around , echoing in we ear . we keep move , toward the bank of a river up ahead , its churn water run red with blood . a veile woman stand on the far side of the river , she arm outstretch , beckone to we . we move closer to she , across the surface of the river , closer and closer still , and we can hear she , barely , as she tell we something important . veile woman seek ... and find . hand rise up into frame , we hand , but as they touch the veil to raise it the image of the woman start to glow , white hot , the veil catch on fire -- veile woman ( cont would ) seek and find ! -- and she explode in a burst of white light . out of the blind , burn light , a single word swim out , a title , fill nearly the entire screen : inferno CUT to : int hospital room night ROBERT langdon 's eye open . he stare up at ceiling tile . and fluorescent light , shine through translucent panel . he speak , he voice a croak . langdon please do not go . he blink . wait , what ? he 's disorient , do not know why he just say that . 6 . 9-20-13 continued : he try to move , feel a sharp pain in he right arm . he turn he head and see a iv tug at the skin of he forearm . his eye widen , he pulse quicken , and the soft beeping sound we have be hearing in the background keep pace , get faster . he struggle to sit up , can only manage to move a little bit up on the pillow . he 's in a hospital room . he 's alone , it 's night . he wince , reach up with he free hand and touch the back of he head . he rub a small matte area there , where a dozen stitches be sewn into he scalp . he pull he hand back and look at he fingertip . they have fleck of dry blood on they . he 's confuse and frighten . a man in scrub hurry into the room . fiftyish , bearded . he go straight to the monitor and check they . langdon '' ( cont would ) do I have a accident ? the man look at he and smile . he hold up a finger , hang on a second , and hurry out of the room . langdon look around . on a table nearby , he see he clothes in a plastic bag . they be cover in blood . his jacket be over the back of the chair . he look to the window . it 's dark out , so he see only he own reflection , pale and weary , attach to tube and wire , surround by medical equipment . voice approach in the hall and the man in scrub reappear , accompany by a woman . dr . sienna brooks be in she early thirty , blue scrub and blond hair hold back in a ponytail . she go to langdon and speak in lightly accented English . sienna I be Dr. sienna brook . Dr. marconi do not speak much English , and he ask I to talk with you . she shine a penlight in he eye . sienna ( cont would ) do you know what day of the week it be , Mr. langdon ? langdon think , hard . too hard , for such a simple question . 7 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon Saturday ? sienna Close . what 's the last thing you remember ? langdon walk across campus . a lecture series . he rub he head in pain , the spot behind he right ear . langdon ( cont would ) I be sorry , I -- do not know what 's go on . do I fall ? sienna we will get to that . be there someone we should call for you ? langdon no. nobody . he glance at he leave wrist , as if to check the time , but he arm be bare . he rub it , confuse . he look back up at sienna . langdon ( cont would ) be I with -- a woman ? sienna no . you be discover alone on the street three hour ago with a head wound . when you be bring to we emergency room , you be mumble something over and over . she glance at the man in scrub , who hold up a digital recorder and press a button . a recording begin to play , and langdon 's groggy voice be recognizable : langdon ( 0.s. ) ve ... sorry . ve ... sorry . sienna do you have any idea why you would be say this ? be you sorry about something ? langdon do I cause a car accident ? do I hurt someone ? 8. 9-20-13 continued : he struggle , sit up halfway . his heart monitor race , the pinging sound grow rapid and fill the room . langdon ( cont would ) my thought be -- can not hold on to they . sienna nod to the man in scrub , who shut off the recorder . she put a hand on langdon 's shoulder , to calm he . sienna anxiety be common with brain injury . you need to keep you pulse rate down . no movement , no excitement . I have give you a sedative , just lie still and rest . you memory will come back slowly . she nod again to the man in scrub , who leave the room . sienna ( cont would ) if you need anything , press the button on you bedside . she turn out the light and leave , leave langdon alone again . he lie there for a minute , he respiration return to normal . nearly calm , he turn and look to the window again . with the light out in the room , he own reflection have disappear , replace by a illuminate skyline in the distance . amid a contour of spire and dome , a single regal facade dominate the view . the building be a impose stone fortress with a notched parapet and a three hundred foot tower that swell at the top , bulg into a massive battlement . langdon sit bolt upright in bed , he monitor go crazy again , and he cry out in a strong , solid voice : langdon I be in florence ?! CUT to : ext hospital build night in the shadow of the building langdon see out he window , on the via torregalli , a BMW motorcycle glide to a halt across the street . vayentha , a powerfully build woman in she mid-twenty , climb off the bike . 9 . 9-20-13 continued : she have a close - cropped haircut , part of it dyed , and wear leather . the bottom edge of a tatt sleeve crawl down she arm and out over the back of she right hand . vayentha wait for a sedan to pass on the rain-slicked street and look both way . convince she 's alone , she open a compartment on the side of the bike and pull something out . it 's a 9 mm handgun . she screw a thin tube onto the end of it , tuck it into she belt , pull she jacket around it , and head into the building . CUT to : int hospital room night in langdon 's hospital room , the monitor be pinging like mad . sienna race into the room , flick on the light , and find langdon sit straight up on the bed , jam he finger into the call button over and over again . sienna be you okay ? langdon what be I do in Italy ?! sienna good . you be remember . langdon no , I recognize the palazzo vecchio . sienna Mr. langdon , there 's no need to worry . you be suffer from mild retrograde amnesia , but Dr. marconi confirm that you brain function suffer no permanent damage . the man in scrub rush in as well , have hear the call button . he check the monitor , turn the sound off on one or two of they , and he and sienna confer in rapid italian . langdon rub he head . langdon what day be it ? sienna Monday , March 18th . early morning . 10 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon Monday . I have lose forty - eight hour . he wince and reach up to he head , feel the wound there again . langdon ( cont would ) what kind of accident be I in ? from the wall , the intercom system crackle and a voice speak in rapid italian . Dr. marconi go to it and reply , then exchange more word in italian with sienna . sienna look at langdon , concerned . sienna that be the front desk . someone be here to see you . langdon thank God . who be it ? sienna I do not know . but this be the icu , we do not allow visitor at five in the morning . langdon I want to see whoever it be . they must know what 's go on . sienna speak in rapid italian to Dr. marconi , who nod and go to the doorway . sienna before you see anyone , you have a right to hear all the fact of you case . until now , I have not want to upset you . langdon too late . what happen ? sienna you head wound be not cause by a accident . it be cause by a gunshot . he look at she in disbelief . sienna ( cont would ) a bullet graze the top of you skull and most likely give you a concussion . ( more ) 11 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna ( cont would ) a inch lower and you would not have survive . it take twelve stitches to close the wound . langdon someone shot I ? from the hallway , they hear voice rise in argument . whoever be here to see langdon be not interested in wait . langdon lean , to look out into the hallway . at the far end , he see a door burst open , and vayentha , the woman from the motorcycle , step out of the stairwell . she turn and stride down the hallway , toward langdon 's room . Dr. marconi take a step forward in the doorway , hold up a hand and barking at she to stop , in italian . without break stride , vayentha open she jacket , pull the handgun from she belt -- -- and shoot marconi in the chest . there be a staccato hiss as the shot rip from the barrel of the gun , Dr. marconi stagger backward into the room , bang off the door frame , and fall to the floor , clutching he chest . blood flow between he finger . langdon look up in horror as vayentha keep move , toward the door of the room , now just ten foot away -- -- she raise the gun -- -- five foot away -- -- she point it at langdon 's head -- -- he flinch , mother of mercy , be this the end of Robert ? -- -- bang ! it be not a gunshot , it be the hospital room door slamming shut . sienna , who be behind it , flip the deadbolt lock , langdon watch in freeze horror as she drop to the ground , distraught , call out in italian to Dr. marconi , but he be go , dead from a bullet wound to the chest , and now there 's a pounding on the hospital door , and it 's just a few moment before vayentha figure a way to come through and into the room . 12 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna and langdon start move at the same time . sienna jump to she foot as langdon swing he leg out of the hospital bed , he do not know where he 's go , but he 's go someplace , this be a very , very bad hospital , and as he get to he foot he groans in pain . he look down , see that he 's tear the iv out of he vein and the break needle be dangle there , blood now flow down he forearm . in the hallway , two more bullet slam into the lock door splintering the wood . they only have second . sienna throw open the door to the bathroom -- sienna this way ! -- and langdon drag himself across the room , staggering from the effect of the drug , head for the bathroom . sienna grab langdon 's jacket off the back of the chair , she race into the bathroom just behind he -- int hospital - bathroom night -- and she slam and lock that door too . langdon 's eye fix on the door lock for a moment , something about it bother he , but from the other room they can hear a loud smash as the door to the hospital room give way and vayentha close in on they . sienna grab a pair of scrub pants from a shelf in the bathroom and throw they to langdon . sienna put this on ! move ! langdon fight he way into the scrub pants as sienna go to another door on the opposite side of the bathroom . int recovery room night the door to a recovery room bang open and sienna lead langdon out of the bathroom , fast , support he by one arm as he stagger through the room and into the hospital hallway . int staircase night in the hospital staircase , langdon cling to the rail , half - run , half - fall down the stair as fast as he bare foot and diminish state will allow . 13 . 9-20-13 continued : his blood - soak hand drag a angry red smear down the railing as he go . sienna , ahead of he , throw open a door to the street at the bottom of the stair . langdon stagger toward it and we go into langdon' point of view , where the corner of the image be blurry and fade , as the head wound , the sedative , and the sudden movement take they toll . we point of view bob toward the light come from the street -- ext hospital night -- and out into the street , blackness now come in flash . we move down the street , then it 's black , then we see sienna 's face as she hold we up , encourage we to run faster , then black then we see a cab at the corner up ahead , then black , we look back over we shoulder and see vayentha come out of the hospital , twenty yard behind we -- -- black -- -- the back door of the cab fly open and we fall , half onto the seat and half onto the floor of the cab , the door slam behind we , and shout between sienna and the cabbie in italian . on the STREET , and out of langdon 's point of view , we see the side view mirror of the car explode in a shower of glass and metal . the cabbie shout in anger and surprise , but he punch the gas and the car squeal away from the corner , leave vayentha behind . int cab night in the back of the cab , langdon be on the floor , heavy - lidd , fight for consciousness . he look down at he arm , see sienna 's finger probing the break needle in he forearm , get a grip on it . sienna this will hurt . she yank the break iv out of he arm . langdon pass out . CUT to : 14 . 9-20-13 ext dream space night we're in langdon 's vision again . the sky be on fire , the river full of blood , and the veile woman be on the far side , she arm outstretch to we . we move closer to the woman , reach out to she veil . this time we get we hand on the veil and lift it , to reveal she face . and we know that face . it 's Dr. Elizabeth sinskey , the woman we see in the open . but now we hear a deep roar from above . we look up and see , in the fiery sky , a colossal mask , with a long , beaklike nose and two glow green eye , which burn down at we . we look down , afraid of the mask , we look back to Dr. sinskey 's face , she speak again , with great urgency -- dr . sinskey seek and find ! -- and then , as before , she glow white hot and explode in a shower of blind light and -- CUT to : int sienna's apartment night -- langdon 's eye open again . he blink . he look down . he see he jacket , the one sienna take from the hospital room , have be tie around he bloody arm like a bandage . the rest of the jacket dangle over the edge of the chair he 's sit in . he lift he head . he 's in the live room of a modest apartment . sienna sit opposite he . langdon find he voice . langdon still in Florence ? sienna ( nod ) my apartment . langdon shrug , willing to go along . langdon okay . he look around , orient himself . look back at sienna . langdon ( cont would ) thank you . you save my life . 15 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna that be my job . he smile , slightly . sienna ( cont would ) you be talk in you sleep . langdon what do I say ? sienna something about a plague mask . langdon ( recall it ) the kind medieval doctor wear during the Black death . I be have vision . sienna normal part of recovery from head trauma . what be you see ? langdon Hell . sienna how unpleasant . langdon pretty lady there . feel like I know she . that I leave she -- behind somewhere . sienna be you travel with she ? langdon no . he look around she apartment as sienna pick up a pill bottle and shake a half a dozen small white tablet out in she hand . langdon ( cont would ) Dr. brook -- sienna sienna . langdon May I use you phone ? I would like to call the police . or the U.S. Consulate . both , actually . continued : she hold the he think for he check the 16 . 9-20-13 tablet and a glass of water out to langdon . sienna take this first . langdon what be they ? sienna caffeine . you will want to be more awake before you talk to anyone . a moment , decide to trust she . he take the pill . time , but again , he wrist be empty . langdon my watch . be I wear it when I get to the hospital ? sienna I do not remember a watch . langdon it 's very important , to I . sienna I be sorry . ( she get up ) I will be back in a few minute . we will figure out how to get you help . langdon where be you go ? sienna to find you some clothes . I have a neighbor who 's about you size . he 's away , and I be feed he cat . langdon I want to call the police . sienna feel free . but I suggest you think very hard about why someone would want to kill you first . and why you be say you be sorry . they be the first question the police will ask . you situation may be more complicated than you think , and italian court be not always friendly to foreigner . 17 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon nod . she have make sense to he , but she have certainly not comfort he . he hear the front door of the apartment open , then close softly behind she as she leave . he look around the room . at a desk on the far side , he see a open laptop computer . moment later , langdon be seat at the desk , type into Google . he enter he own name , hit return . a string of hit come up -- lecture , book by , vatican statement regard -- but nothing indicate anything that 's happen recently . he frown . on the screen , he open a e mail sign - in page and enter he screen name and password . he study the list of e mail as it come up -- the subject header be " quick question , Professor , " " hey check out this video , " " you have a link - in request from , " all the usual junk from a busy but fairly uneventful life . at the desk , langdon close the computer , frustrated . he rub he head , think . int sienna's bathroom day langdon come into the small bathroom in sienna 's apartment . he run the water in the sink . he look out the window , to he leave , where the sun be just rise over Florence . it 's gorgeous , but what the hell be I do here ? he splashes water on he face . in the other room , he hear the door of the apartment close . sienna 's voice call out to he . sienna ( 0.s. ) I will leave the clothes on the doorknob . langdon thank you . he plunge he face into the water in the sink . 18 . 9-20- 13 int sienna's bedroom day in sienna 's bedroom , a pair of jeans and a blouse be toss on the bed . sienna , still in she scrub , go to she dresser . a mirror hang over it . she , too , regards she reflection . she reach up to she hair , adjust it delicately -- -- and then remove it . the blonde hair be a wig , and beneath it , sienna be bald . she 's still strike , perhaps even more so , than she be with hair . she hold the wig carefully and pick up a hair pick . strand by strand , she move each bit of hair back into place , take special care with the pony tail . int sienna's bathroom day langdon be nearly finish wash up , he 's now move on to he bloody arm . he carefully unty the sleeve of he jacket , which have be use as a bandage , and reveal the wound . not quite as bad as he would fear . he bunch up the bloody jacket and be about to toss it in the tub , when he freeze . he move he hand on the jacket , feel something . that 's odd . he lift the jacket , shake it out . he feel it again , systematically , smoothing it out as he go . he get up near the neckline , just between the shoulder blade -- -- and he feel something hard . Inside the lining of the jacket . on the floor , langdon spread the jacket out flat and slide he hand up the inside of the back lining . he hit the hard shape again . he slide he hand up , feel along the collar -- -- and a interior pocket come open , the fabric parting between he finger . judge by the look on langdon 's face , it be safe to say he 's never see this secret pocket in he own coat before in he life . he reach down into it . his finger close around the hard object within and pull it out . it 's a polished metal cylinder , about six inch long and round at both end , like a miniature torpedo . 19 . 9-20-13 continued : mystify , langdon turn the cylinder over in he hand . as he rotate it , a symbol come into view , a simple trilateral icon . you do not have to be a symbologist to know a biohazard symbol when you see one . langdon 's eye widen . sienna 's voice come over : sienna ( 0.s. ) it 's a biotube . CUT to : int sienna's kitchen day the tube now sit in the middle of sienna 's kitchen table . sienna , dress in the jeans and blouse she pick out earlier , sit across from langdon , who wear she neighbor 's pants , shirt , and jacket , which fit pretty well . they be both stare at the cylindrical object . sienna use to transport dangerous substance . what be you do with it ? langdon I be tired of say I do not know . but I do not . what could be in it ? sienna a chemical agent . a virus . anything . the first ebola sample come back from Africa in one of that . she pick it up and study it . sienna ( cont would ) High end unit . lead-line titanium . I be guess government issue . she point to a postage stamp size black pad flanking the biohazard symbol . sienna ( cont would ) thumbprint recognition . Security in case it 's lose or steal . tube like this can only be open by a specify individual . she look at he . he see what she 's think . 20 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon you be out of you mind . sienna try it . langdon I have never own a tube like that in my life . sienna one way to find out . almost rashly , langdon reach out , press he thumb on the black pad -- langdon there be no way this be - -- and the tube hiss and the top click open a half a inch . langdon yank he hand back , startle , and then just as quickly reach out and click the tube shut again , drop it back in the middle of the kitchen table as if it be on fire . langdon ( cont would ) I be call the Consulate now . sienna I think that 's a mistake . langdon I disagree . sienna you do not know what 's go on , and we do not know who to trust . the tube be government issue , that could mean any number of thing . langdon you be suggest I be on the run from my own government ? sienna someone shot you in the head , I think that warrant a certain degree of suspicion , do not you ? he stand , not willing to discuss it further . he 's a little unsteady on he foot . 21 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna ( cont would ) please , sit down , before you fall down . i'1l get you the number . in her live room a few minute later , langdon be on the couch , sienna 's live room phone cradle to he ear . he appear to be on hold . on the other end of the phone , a deep voice pick up . voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. langdon ? langdon yes ! speak . voice ( 0.s. ) thank heaven you be alive , Professor . we have be look . for you . langdon hesitates . he look up at sienna . langdon you have ? voice ( 0.s. ) be you still in possession ? langdon do not answer . he put a hand on the phone , whisper to sienna . langdon they already know . sienna I understand you be american and you inherently trust people , but take my word for it , not all of they deserve it . please think about this . langdon rub he forehead , think . voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. langdon ? langdon I be still here . voice ( 0.s. ) do you have the tube ? 22 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon ( pause ) yes . voice ( 0.s. ) where be you locate ? the Voice be smooth and calm , but it 's a force calm , and the overall affect be unsettle . langdon be tear . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) Professor , we can not help you if we can not find you . langdon get a idea . he stand and look out the window , at the building across the street . it 's a small hotel , its address visible on the front . langdon a small hotel . the pensione la fierentina . room 39 . voice ( 0.s. ) do not move . stay in you room . we be send someone now . CUT to : ext florence - STREET day as the sun rise over Florence , a black , unmark van cruise through the wet street . the van seem unremarkable , but as it pass under we we get a look at the sophisticated battery of microwave communication dish and receiver on its rooftop . int van day the rooftop be nothing compare to the interior . a combination of a mobile laboratory and communication hub , the van be staff with four or five men and women in black uniform , a green " s.r.s. " logo emblazon on the shirt pocket of each one . the acronym be spell out over a bank of monitor along one wall of the move vehicle -- " surveillance and response support " -- and it 's just vague enough to be seriously creepy . a technician look up from a monitor , lean back in he chair , hold a pair of headphone to one ear . technician sir! 23 . 9-20-13 continued : agent christoph bruder turn from a monitor on the other side of the van . he 's steely - eye , emotionless , unambiguously in charge . technician ( cont would ) Professor langdon just access he e mail account from a unmask ip address here in Florence . bruder you have a street number ? the technician hold up one finger , hang on , come through now . bruder ( cont would ) do you have a street - technician 126 via dolorosa , apartment 3c . bruder turn , to the driver . bruder move it . technician trace a phone register to that address , we see he also call the United States Consulate , six minute ago . bruder ( to the Driver ) get there first . do not let he get away again . driver twelve minute . he crank the wheel , hard . ext STREET day the van pull a sharp u-turn in the middle of the street and head back , in the opposite direction . unfortunately , a police car park in a alleyway see the move and do not like it . the cop inside pull out , pursue the van . int van day agent bruder , look out the tinted back window , frown . he turn to two paramilitary type on the other side of the van . 24 . 9-20-13 continued : bruder how many follow car do we have ? paramilitary 1 two . behind they , the police car turn on its siren . bruder burn one . keep local police out of this . paramilitary 1 Roger that . he raise a radio to he lip and give a order . ext STREET on the street , there be two black sedan behind the police car . one of they accelerate , pull even with the police car , then pass it -- -- and swerve in front . cut off , the police car smashes into the side of the sedan . the cop get out , shout in anger , and the driver of the sedan feign ignorance , I do not speak italian ! , I be a tourist ! , I be so sorry ! , etc . at the end of the street , the s.r.s. van turn , disappear around a corner . CUT to : ext sienna's apartment - STREET day see from outside , sienna and langdon watch the street below from a second floor window in she apartment . int sienna's apartment day Inside , langdon look up sharply , see something down the street . langdon there . she follow he gaze and see a black BMW motorcycle glide down the block . it pull to a stop in front of the hotel langdon see across the street , and the driver get off . it 's vayentha , the woman who try to kill they at the hospital . she stand in the street , consult a object in she hand , look 25 . 9-20-13 continued : at the building on each side , and then move into the hotel , she hand go to the gun tuck in the front of she belt . langdon and sienna watch in disbelief . sienna Robert -- the United States government just send someone to kill you . langdon I guess we would better find out why . a few minute later , langdon press he thumb on the black pad at the center of the biotube . it hiss and twist open . gripping both end , he twist it in opposite direction , the canister ping , and he unscrew the tube the rest of the way . he pull the two halve apart , and a black foam rubber object fall onto sienna 's kitchen table . langdon unwrap it -- -- revealing a carve cylindrical object , about the size of a roll of life saver . langdon a cylinder seal . he turn the tube over in he hand . langdon ( cont would ) ivory ? sienna no . it 's bone . the tube be ornately carve with the image of a three -headed , horn Satan who be in the process of eat three different man at once , one man in each of he three mouth . langdon the three -headed , man-eate Satan . common image from the Middle Ages . it 's associate with the Black Plague . the three gnash mouth be symbolic of how efficiently the plague eat through the population . langdon study the tube more carefully . Seven letter be carve beneath the devil . sienna read they aloud , pronounce they as a word . 26 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna " saligia ? " langdon a Latin mnemonic invent by the vatican to remind Christians of the seven deadly sin . superbia , avaritia , luxuria , invidia , gula , ira , and acedia . sienna pride , greed , lust , envy , gluttony , wrath , and sloth . langdon you know Latin . sienna I grow up Catholic . TI know sin . she be far too attractive for that remark to be fair . langdon glance at she , then back at the tube . langdon accord to medieval religious teaching , the collective sin of mankind be the reason God punish we with the Black death . more plague reference . explain my vision . sort of . he turn the tube upside down , and there be a soft clicking from inside it . curious , he turn it the other way , listen carefully . the clicking again . sienna Robert , look ! he turn it back , to look at the end that be face she . there be a soft white glow come from that end of the tube . langdon stare at it , and the glow fade . they look at each other . he shake it gently once more . it click again , and the glow return , then fade . he tip it once again , and point the glass end of the tube at the palm of he hand . a faint reddish light appear , project onto he skin . 27 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna ( cont would ) a test tube ? with a agitator ball ? langdon nope . without warning , langdon start to shake the tube violently . the object inside rattles back and forth , clicking faster and faster . sienna what be you do ?! langdon go to the kitchen light switch and flick it off , plunging the room into half - light . langdon it 's a faraday pointer . he pull the blind in the kitchen , the room go dark , and he put the pointer on the kitchen table , aim it at a blank space on the wall . on sienna 's kitchen wall there appear a vivid , high - definition photograph that emanate from the tube as if from a slide projector . the scene project from the pointer be a grim oil painting of human suffer , thousand of soul undergo wretch torture in various level of hell . langdon ( cont would ) now that explain my vision . sienna cover she mouth in horror and they both take a step toward it , to examine it more closely . langdon ( cont would ) botticelli 's " map of Hell . " paint as a illustration of Dante 's inferno . sienna La mappa dell ' inferno . the pit of hell be divide into descend terrace of increase misery , each level populate by torment sinner of every kind . langdon Dante define we modern vision of hell . and there 's no map of he hellscape more complete and accurate than botticelly . 28 . 9-20-13 continued : he walk closer to it , right up to the wall , study one particular area of it . but the image start to fade as he look . langdon ( cont would ) shake it again . sienna go to it , shake the pointer violently , and the image return . langdon ( cont would ) move it back . she slide it back on the table , which make the image on the wall larger . langdon step up to one certain area , near the bottom of the funnel - shape hell . langdon squint at it . here he see image of leg , upside down , they owner ' body bury headfirst . a image flash in he mind , of the dream he have earlier , on the bank of the river of blood , the leg twist in agony . and the letter " R " write on the thigh of one of they . back in sienna's kitchen , langdon blink , study the project image . langdon that 's odd . ( he point ) this area . the malebolge . Dante 's eighth level , the word mean " evil ditch . " there be ten of they . he move along the wall , study the other leg in the painting . they all have letter on they , different one , all on the thigh . langdon ( cont would ) this letter be not on the original . the painting have be modify . sienna read they aloud . sienna c-a-t-r-o-v-a-c-e-r. langdon " catrovacer ? " be that italian ? sienna no. not Latin either . 29 . 9-20-13 continued : he turn back to the wall image , move closer still , and as he stare at it , he see a image of the original painting , flash in he mind like a memory . langdon why would someone alter the image ? he look closer still . langdon ( cont would ) there 's something else write here . it 's English . he move closer to it , squint . feel instinctively in he shirt pocket for he read glass , but of course they be not there . langdon ( cont would ) " the truth can be glimpse only through the eye of death . Zobrist . " sienna 's eye widen . sienna bertram Zobrist ? langdon who 's that ? sienna he 's famous , in medical circle . infamous , actually . langdon why ? sienna Zobrist be the world 's foremost bioengineer when he write a essay that declare the human race be on the brink of extinction , and unless we have a catastrophic event that precipitously decrease global population growth , we species would not survive . he say he advance in genetic engineering would be far more helpful to mankind if they be use not to cure disease , but rather to create it . langdon he advocate the creation of a plague ? 30 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna rumor be he go further than that . they say he actually design such a plague , two year ago , one that would kill off half the world 's population . langdon , horrify , turn back to the wall and run a hand over it , as if absorb the map with he fingertip . langdon and now he 's re-create a map of hell . put abundant reference to plague and death in it . as a kind of puzzle . sienna to lead to what ? the plague itself ? what kind of lunatic would do that ? langdon ( a mutter ) it happen . he 's at the wall , just inch from it , study the painting closely . langdon ( cont would ) but why in God 's name do I have it ? from the street outside , sienna hear the sound of car tire squealing . she go to the window . at the wall , langdon be just inch from the painting , he mind racing . langdon ( cont would ) the level . they be out of order . running he hand over the image , he mutter to himself , fast , almost impossible to understand , he 's go so quickly . langdon ( cont would ) -- seducer whipped by demon , flatterer adrift in human excrement , that 's wrong , clerical profiteer , no -- thief bitten by snake , that go up here , counselor consume by fire , sower of discord down there -- at the window , sienna part the drape , carefully , and peer out into the street . outside , 31 . 9-20-13 continued : she see the black s.r.s. van and its follow sedan as they pull up in front of the building . armed men in uniform climb out and agent bruder meet they , give order . they spread out , head for sienna 's building . in the kitchen , sienna turn back to langdon , urgently . sienna Robert . langdon ( still stare at the wall ) it 's a anagram . " catrovacer . " sienna we have to go . langdon straighten out the level ! sienna we really have to go . she grab the pointer off the table and shove it in she pocket . the sudden disappearance of the image bring langdon around and he turn toward she , excited . langdon I know why I be in Florence . sienna tell I on the way . CUT to : ext sienna's build day vayentha be just come out of the hotel across the street , but she freeze in the doorway , see the s.r.s. van and its troops , who be now enter the front of sienna 's building . she hesitates , lean back in the doorway , to avoid be see . vayentha damn. 32 . 9-20-13 at the front of the build , agent bruder direct he man silently , with gesture . two of they move to the right , to a side entrance , and the other two follow he , toward the main entrance . bruder close a fist and , with military precision , the man move into sienna 's building . we stay in the street , and can hear see they through stairwell window as they move quickly up to the second floor -- -- we hear a shout and a sharp crack of break wood as they kick in the door of sienna 's apartment -- -- we see they , through the window of sienna 's apartment as they search the place , weapon draw , voice raise -- -- and then we hear a roar down below and the camera whip down , back to street level -- -- and to the entrance of the building 's garage , where a three - wheeled motorcycle gun it up the ramp , tire squealing as it turn sharply into the street . sienna drive , langdon on the seat behind she , hold on tight as she race away from the building . one of the s.r.s. troops come racing out the front door of the building , level he rifle , and fire a shot at the trike as it race away . on board the trike , the shot smashes the taillight , at the top of the seat just inch below the base of langdon 's spine . langdon Jesus ! sienna punch the gas and the trike roar away . she shout back over she shoulder as they race down the street . sienna where be we go ?! langdon the palazzo vecchio ! she nod , she know the place , and she hit the gas as they round a corner , hard . 33 . 9-20- 13 around a corner , they almost hit a woman who 's hurry across the street just ahead of they , and it force sienna to hit the brake and swerve . the woman in the crosswalk freeze , stare at they , and langdon stare back at she , he eye go wide -- -- because it's the woman from he vision . in a vision , langdon see a fleeting glimpse of Dr. sinskey 's face again , by the river of blood , it explode into white light , back on the bike , and sienna hit the gas again , racing away into the narrow , snake street as langdon look back , over he shoulder , at the shrink image of the woman from he dream . langdon that be she . sienna who ? he put a hand to he head , in pain again . if only he know . CUT to : ext sienna's apartment day we watch from a distance as bruder and the other s.r.s. agent come out of sienna 's building and head back for the van , aware now that they have lose langdon . but they have pick up another presence -- local police scream around both end of the block and squeal to a halt , cut off the van . bruder hold he hand up , pull out credential , head for the carbinieri to explain . pull back , we find vayentha in the foreground , at the mouth of a alley , astride she motorcycle . she pull a cell phone from she pocket , take a breath , and push a autodial number . on the other end it ring once , then a voice answer . voice ( 0.s. ) authentication ? 34 . 9-20-13 continued : vayentha peregrine . voice ( 0.s. ) go ahead , peregrine . vayentha I need to speak to mother . voice ( 0.s. ) hold on . there be a series of odd click and ping -- CUT to : ext OPEN sea day -- and suddenly we be fly over a emerald sea , close in on a odd - look gray ship at sail.on the choppy water . for the record , it 's a hibiki class ocean surveillance ship , with a tall , densely - pack communication tower at the front , a helipad at the rear , and a twin-hulled open center keel . the click and ping continue over the wide shot as we circle down toward the ship , and a row of opaque glass window twenty foot above the water line -- int crg ship - comm CENTER day -- and into the ship , and the hub of its communication center . to describe the place as high - tech do a disservice to it . most of its tech look like it have not even be invent yet . we settle on one of the cubicle in the comm center , where a technician in a headset speak with the voice from vayentha 's phone call . technician ( british accent ) mother be not go to like that . try to reacquire and make contact in sixty minute . he hit a switch , disconnect the call , and get up , hurry down the row of cubicle to a metal staircase at the far end . he bound up it . int ship' corridor day the technician make he way down a narrow ship 's corridor with a name paint in large letter -- control risk group , LLC . 35 . 9-20-13 continued : he reach a door at the far end , knock once . technician Mr. sim ? a voice call from inside and the technician open the door . int harry sim ' office day the technician step into the cabin and close the door . technician there 's be a deviation . harry sim look up from behind a desk . sim be around fifty , trim , and dress in a neatly press suit and tie . he speak with a british accent that suggest mayfair and all the right school . sim I be sorry to hear that . what operation ? technician Florence . sim wince . the worst possible answer . he take off he glass and drop they on the desk . technician ( cont would ) one of we player seem to have go off script . sim that 's unprofessional . Contract or free lance ? technician free lance . sim should not have trust she . my fault . ( think ) all right , let 's sweep this clean . remove Mr. langdon . use local people , body not find . better yet , mugging go awry . a blade , I think . wallet remain , cash go . let 's have a quick identification and move on . terribly sorry , do not see any other way . 36 . 9-20 - 13 continued : he put he glass back on , to go back to work . but the technician have not move . sim look up at he -- what ? technician Professor langdon be -- out of frame . sim and in possession of the tube ? technician yes . Harry sim sigh and look out the window of the cabin . sim I be so look forward to close this account . what in God 's name have this client get we into ? the technician look as if he 's . about to answer , but sim hold up a hand to stop he . sim ( cont would ) rhetorical . he think for a moment . sim ( cont would ) when be we schedule to release the client 's video ? technician twenty -four hour . ( check he watch ) twenty -three . sim I want to look at it . the technician hesitates . technician that would be a violation of we protocol . sim Mr. arbogast , chief among the attribute that make we so very good at we job be that , as far as the world be concerned , we do not exist . ( more ) 37 . 9-20- 13 continued : sim ( cont would ) if this video implicate or even mention we in any way , I want to stop its release . for the benefit of all we client . arbogast you ask I to avoid abnormality in procedure , that 's all . sim what about bertram Zobrist have ever remotely resemble normal ? ( hold up a hand again ) also rhetorical . bring I the video . CUT to : ext florence - STREET day sienna maneuver the trike through the s-shape curve of the viale niccolo machiavelli . _ lushly wood landscape pass on both side as she and langdon approach the city 's upscale west bank . they pass a chapel clock that chime eight a.m . but sienna hit the brake and the trike skid to a stop . langdon what 's the matter ? she point , three hundred yard up ahead , to the porta romana , the ancient stone gateway that be the entrance to Old Florence . the gateway have massive wooden door , propped open to let traffic pass through . but the passageway be block by a police barricade , and a long line of car wait as each one be check . langdon ( cont would ) be that for we ? sienna do you really want to find out ? behind they , they hear siren . they look back , and we whip over in that direction to take a look ourselves . more police car be approach from the direction they come . when we whip back to the trike -- -- it 's empty . langdon and sienna be move away , quickly , head for a stone wall in the distance . 38 . 9-20-13 ext boboli garden day langdon and sienna drop to the ground on the spongy earth on the other side of the wall . siren be still audible from this side , but they be out of sight of the roadblock , inside a lush garden expanse that must cover dozen of acre . sienna I do not know what you do , but you piss a lot of people off . they lean against the wall , take a moment to catch they breath . langdon why be you help I ? really . sienna because you be lose . and rather alone . TI know the feel . langdon that seem hard to believe . sienna why should it . be ? langdon ( matter - of - fact , not a come on ) you be beautiful . beauty attract a lot of attention . sienna not always the right kind . on the other side of the wall , more siren . langdon look at sienna . langdon thank you . for everything . but whatever I be in the middle of , whatever I have do that I be sorry for -- it 's not you problem . just leave I here , I will be all right . sienna I can not do that . I be a physician , I take a oath . langdon to aid a fugitive ? continued : 39 . 9-20-13 sienna to cure the sick . if Zobrist 's plague be at the end of this trail , we need to get to it first . langdon who be the people chase we ? sienna government ? people who would weaponize the plague . and Zobrist have acolyte , fanatics even more commit to the cause than he be . langdon releasing a plague be hardly a cause . sienna Robert , the cause be save the world . langdon by kill half of it ? he 's insane . sienna I do not know , I have study a fair amount of biology . species frequently go extinct from overpopulate they environment . but when catastrophic event occur , they permit new growth . remember what the Black Plague produce ? langdon misery and death . sienna and a leaner population that give birth to the Renaissance . langdon that 's a bit dark for my taste . sienna in he essay , Zobrist ask a famous hypothetical -- if you could throw a switch and randomly kill half the population of the earth , would you do it ? langdon of course not . 40 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna but if you be tell that if you do not throw that switch , the human race would be extinct in the next hundred year ... would you do it then ? langdon if I could , sienna , I would prevent the death of half the species . any other action be inhumane . she look at he and smile . sienna then perhaps we should keep move . from the other side of the wall , they hear shout as police find the abandon trike . he take she by the arm and lead she off , into the garden . int hollow day a pathway curl into a enclose hollow with faux - bois bench and a small fountain . langdon and sienna look around , make sure they be alone . langdon give I the pointer . she do . he shake it up , generate light again , and shine it on the bench in front of they . langdon ( cont would ) Zobrist not only add letter , but he change the order of the sin . " catrovacer " be not a word , it do not make sense . but put in the proper order , the letter form two word . " cerca trova . " sienna " seek and find ? " langdon it 's what she keep say . the woman in my vision . sienna then it be already in you subconscious . ( more ) 41 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna ( cont would ) you must have decipher this before you arrive at the hospital , you have see this image already . langdon you hospital be across the street from the palazzo vecchio . in the palazzo 's Hall of five hundre , there 's a famous mural , Giorgio vasari 's battaglia di marciano . near the top of the mural be a code message , it 's one of the art world 's most famous mystery . sienna what be the message ? langdon " cerca trova . " he look down , at the faraday pointer in he hand . a change have come over he face . langdon ( cont would ) at the hospital . when I say I be sorry . sienna " very sorry . " over and over . langdon I assume I would do something terrible . but that 's not what I mean . I be say the artist 's name -- vasari . not " very sorry . " vasari . his relief be intense . langdon ( cont would ) it mean I might not have do anything wrong . maybe it 's better if I stop run . sienna every time you stop run someone shoot at you . he look at she . langdon Fair point . 42 . 9-20-13 continued : they hear a buz sound from overhead and both look up , to where a shadowy shape whizhes in and out of the canopy of leave that cover the garden . no time to stick around and see what that thing be sell . langdon lead sienna off , across the garden . from overhead , we see they image , racing across the garden , as through a long lens . the image jump once , closer , twice , closer still -- ext boboli garden - MAIN gate day -- and a third time , until it freeze - frame , a grainy , overhead image of langdon and sienna , see from the drine aircraft that just take they picture . the image be on a datapad hold by one of bruder 's agent , who have establish a command base at the main entrance to the boboli garden . they're now assist by local police , dozen of they , and the whole area resemble a crime scene . bruder that 's they . he turn to a local policeman , who 's spread a map of the garden out on the trunk of a car next to he . bruder ( cont would ) the garden be wall ? policeman on.all side . ( gesture ) the only exit be through the palazzo pitti , on the north end , and the visitor gate on the east and west side . bruder no other way out ? policeman none that I know of . bruder a non-traditional exit ? a hide passage ? 43 . 9-20-13 continued : policeman ( think ) I suppose if you count the vasari gate . but no one know about that , it 's ancient . bruder exchange a look with another agent . if anybody know , it 's langdon . bruder take I there . ( to the agent ) redirect the drine . weapon be racked , force deploy into the garden . but in the street behind bruder , the rev of a motorcycle draw we attention . as bruder move out , into the garden , the motorcycle glide past . vayentha gun the bike 's engine , head around to the other side of the garden . CUT to : int harry sim ' office day close on a screen , where a amorphous , shadowy image be display . we hear the sound of water lapping , and make out the shape of what appear to be a underground canyon , its floor like the surface of a lake . the water be illuminate , light from within . the camera tilt down , to the surface of the water , and then it move underwater , to where a undulate sphere of thin plastic wobble like a oversize soap bubble , fill with some kind of gelatinous , yellow - brown liquid . it 's tethere to the underwater floor by a short filament . still move down , we see a plaque , visible on the floor of the light underwater space . on the plaque be this word -- in this place , on this date the world be change forever beneath the word , a date be write , but we can not quite make it out . in harry sim ' office , sim be watch the video on a big tv mount in a alcove on he wall . arbogast be watch with he . 44 . 9-20-13 continued : arbogast that date be tomorrow . sim thank you , that be not lose on I . back on the screen , the image cut abruptly , still in the cavernous underground place , but now to a image of a man , stand at the edge of the water . the man stare at the camera -- -- and he 's wear a plague mask . man in mask there come a moment in history when ignorance be no longer a forgivable offense . Dante 's hell be not fiction , it be prophecy . in the office , sim raise a eyebrow . sim oh my . from the screen , the voice of the man in the mask continue . man in mask ( 0.s. ) mankind , if uncheck , function like a cancer . sim oh my . on screen , the man take off the mask , revealing bertram Zobrist , whom we first see in the open with Dr. sinskey . zobrist to do nothing be to welcome Dante 's hell , cramped and starve , weltering in sin . and so I have take action . inferno sleep beneath I , prepare to spring from its watery womb ... under the watchful eye of the chthonic monster and all she furies . in the office , Harry sim frown . 45 . 9-20-13 continued : sim " chthonic ? " be that a word ? on screen , Zobrist continue . zobrist Mathematics , as relentless as the law of gravity , be nonnegotiable . the same exponential blossoming of life that have nearly kill mankind shall also be we deliverance . the beauty of a live organism -- be it good or evil -- be that it will follow the law of God with singular vision . and so I shall fight fire with fire , I will - the image freeze , pause . in the office , Harry sim set down the remote control . technician there 's more . sim oh , I believe I have get the gist . sim stand , remove he jacket , and hang it over the back of he chair . sim ( cont would ) it appear we organization have spend the last several year in the employ of a madman who now intend to commit mass murder use a deadly plague of he own creation . he sit again , unbuttone the cuff of he leave shirt sleeve . sim ( cont would ) we will sort out who recommend he to we fine firm later . he open the top right drawer of he desk . Inside , there be a leather sheath with a small , carve metal handle at the top . he take it out . 46 . 9-20-13 continued : sim ( cont would ) in the meantime , let 's do we level best not to fuck thing up any worse than we already have , shall we ? there be two strap come off the sheath , and sim wrap they around he leave forearm , secure they with velcro . sim ( cont would ) where be Professor langdon now ? the technician check he datapad . technician with Dr. brook , on the northeast end of the boboli garden . the authority have they surround . sim fuel the helicopter . with the sheath firmly affix to he forearm , he grasp the carve metal handle , which now hang near he wrist . he give it a tug , pull out a gleam eight inch stiletto -- sim ( cont would ) I be go to Florence myself . -- and shove it back in with the scrape of metal on leather . CUT to : ext boboli garden day langdon lead sienna through the garden . sienna where be we go ?! langdon almost there . langdon lead they to the leave of a maze garden , stay under the shadow of overhange tree . they can hear the buzz of the drine , somewhere nearby . langdon lead she past a seal metal gate , through a sculpture garden , and down a set of stair that be not visible from a distance . 47 . 9-20-13 on the stair , sienna look ahead , but all she see be gloom up ahead -- langdon be lead they directly into the mouth of a cavern , a deep grotto carve out of the rear wall . sienna it 's a dead end . int buontalenti grotto day langdon press on , unfaze , into the grotto . its wall be uneven , seem to writhe with carve figure . they be grisly , half - bury humanoid extrude from the wall as if be consume by the stone . langdon cut sharply to the leave , toward a small gray door to the leave of the cavern . Weathered and wooden , it look like a storage closet or a room for landscape supplies . langdon rush to the door , but it have no handle . only a brass keyhole . langdon damn it ! this lead to the vasari corridor , I would hope - suddenly , the piercing whine of the drine echoe off the cavern wall around they . langdon pull sienna deeper into the grotto , take cover behind a large central fountain . they peer over its edge and see the drine as it swoops down into the wall cul - de-sac , stop at the mouth of the cavern , hover ten foot off the ground . langdon and sienna look at each other . trapped . they look back as the drine settles , finally landing in the entryway to the grotto . behind it , they now hear the thunder of boot on the step , the same one they just run down . the italian policeman who speak to bruder earlier be in the lead with bruder , two s.r.s. troops just behind they . the policeman lead bruder to the same doorway langdon check and pound on it furiously . langdon and sienna stay hide , barely dare to breathe , as the door be unlock from within . 48 . 9-20-13 continued : a guard open the door and speak to the policeman , who question he in italian . the Guard answer , shaking he head no . bruder ask another question or two , and then , satisfied , he lead the other out of the grotto again . the little door slam and lock . langdon watch they go . the second they be go -- langdon ( cont would ) we have exactly one shot at this . -- he dart out from behind the fountain , lead sienna by the hand . int guard office day with a ka- chunk the Guard who just speak to bruder lock a second gate behind he and go back to . the little table at which he be watch a soccer match on a tiny tv . he just have he butt back on he chair -- -- when there 's another furious knocking at the back gate . the Guard gesture to the tv , curse in italian , get back up , go to the first gate , and unlock it . still cursing , he go to the back door , where the pounding get even more furious . he open that door -- -- and sienna brook stand in front of he , flash she most dazzle smile . sienna ciao ! she hold out a fold piece of paper and , without think , the Guard reach out to accept it . as he extend he hand , sienna grab hold of he wrist and plunge a thumb into the bony carpal area just beneath he palm . the Guard 's mouth drop open , he 's in intense pain but no sound come out . sienna move in quickly , back the Guard up with she grip on he wrist , and langdon follow closely behind she , close and lock the door again . the Guard stagger , try to pull he arm free , but he leg go out and he slump to he knee . from the tv , a shouted voice : 49 . 9-20-13 continued : announcer ( 0.s. ) goooaaalllll ! the Guard turn to look , I mean , a goal be a goal , and sienna slide she leave hand up he neck , find a spot just at the base of he spine , she pinch there -- -- and the Guard 's body sag , unconscious . sienna ease he to the ground . she look up at langdon . sienna dim mak . ( he look confuse ) chinese pressure point . be around for millennia . langdon who be you ? sienna I read a lot of medical text . she pull a set of key off the Guard 's belt , toss they to langdon , and he go to a lock door across the room . he unlock it , revealing a staircase , head up . langdon this way . she step through -- int stairway day -- and he close it behind they , lock it from this side . langdon the vasari corridor . lock on both end , and it lead right over the ponte vecchio . come out at the palazzo . they hurry up the stair . int / ext vasari corridor day the stair put out in a open , arched corridor that run along the river . but just as sienna take the first step out into the open , langdon hear the buzz of the drine again . he reach out , grab she arm , and pull she back , hard . she end up press up against he . 50 . 9-20-13 continued : the drone appear , look malevolent as it train its optic on the expose corridor and start a long , slow sweep down the length of it . sienna look up at langdon , who still hold she close . sienna thank you . he nod . they watch the drine as it move slowly down the length of the vasari corridor . langdon we be stick here till it finish its sweep . she nod . they wait . he release she and she take a small step back , but they be still closer than one would normally be , hide here in a tiny alcove . langdon check he leave wrist , for the time , but rub it , realize again he watch be not there . sienna you can not get use to that . who give it to you ? he look at she . she 's hold he eye , very direct . so he tell she . langdon my parent . last thing they give I before they die . sienna then you really have no one ? no wife ? langdon wince as a image flash through he mind -- the veile woman , Dr. sinskey , look up at he on a street somewhere , but it barely register and back in reality , he blink it away and answer sienna 's question . langdon no. you ? 51 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna there be a man . but he be a disappointment . langdon yeah , you can not look too close at most of we . sienna easier to be alone . not happier , maybe , but simpler . langdon perfect night for I be all alone at home with a good book and a glass of scotch . the drine finish its sweep to the end and bank around , come back at they , buz louder than ever . they stay back , press against the wall . sienna how old be you ? he look at she . he know what she mean , just do not talk about it much . but there 's something about she . langdon nine . sienna I be six . they look at each other , as only two people who share that history could . no " I be sorry , " just a look of understanding . sienna ( cont would ) they do not quite know what to do with I where I grow up . my brain . it grow differently from most kid ' , and it cause some -- health problem . I spend a lot of time try to figure out what be wrong with I , and in the process I learn about neuroscience . she look at he , just as he eye dart back down to hers . he have inadvertently throw a glance up to she hair . sienna ( cont would ) and yes , my baldness be related to my illness . 52 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon I be sorry . sienna can not blame you for be observant . the drine flash past the archway just beside they , and be go , head back the way it come . now free to move , they start to walk , down the corridor , along the river . langdon be that why you become a doctor ? you illness ? sienna I see a lot of sick kid , and I want to help . I have this idea , to design and build e.r.s in densely populate part of the world . I spend three year in Africa , two in manila . have you be there ? langdon ( shake he head no ) I be not so good in crowd . sienna there be just -- too many to help . I give up and come home . people always tell I " you can not save the world . " I start to believe they . langdon " you can not save the world . " he think about it for a moment , then look at she . langdon ( cont would ) I never realize what a awful thing that be to say to someone . she smile . he understand . they reach another staircase and climb it , into the part of the corridor that go directly over the river . CUT to : ext ponte vecchio day langdon and sienna race across the vasari corridor . 53 . 9-20-13 continued : move down quickly to the level below they , we see a bow - shape balcony on the bridge , the kind of place all the tourist go to take picture with the river or city in the background . vayentha stand in the middle of it , turn amidst the crowd . she look up and see the vasari corridor , overhead . she know . she take off at a run , head across the river and into Old Florence . CUT to : ext boboli garden - MAIN entrance day bruder and he man emerge from the boboli garden and meet at the van , now surround by police car . but this time , someone else be wait for they -- Dr. Elizabeth sinskey . bruder shake he head as he approach she . bruder I be sorry . he 's a extremely resourceful man . dr . sinskey which be why I bring he into this situation . bruder at some point , extreme measure may need to be apply . dr . sinskey I will decide when we reach that point . bruder the object he 's carry - dr . sinskey - be mine . Zobrist deliver it to I . that object be my responsibility , as be the Professor 's life . bruder his behavior be not of someone who can be trust . dr . sinskey there 's no point in speculation , let 's just find he . bruder be frustrated . he try a new tack . 54 . 9-20-13 continued : bruder how far do he get the night before he disappear ? dr . sinskey to the Hall of five hundre . bruder then may I suggest we stop chase he and start anticipate he . he start for the vehicle , but sinskey take he by the arm and stop he . dr . sinskey his life be important to I . do you understand ? bruder not really , no . he get into the van . so do she . CUT to : ext palazzo vecchio day the sprawling palazzo vecchio , its bell tower blossoming over the old city . int hall of five hundre day the Hall of five hundre be at one time the large room in the world . well , it be . its ceiling soar high over the crimson stone parquet floor , a twelve thousand square foot expanse . High transom on all four side of the room let natural light flow over the masterpiece within -- huge tapestry , and the six massive statue that make up the labor of hercules . we be look at one of the tapestry now -- fifty - five foot long and almost three storey tall , Battle of marciano depict a grotesque battle scene , a violent panorama of horse , soldier and spear collide on a hillside . langdon and sienna stand in front of it . langdon point toa spot near the top . langdon there . the top middle , just below the two farmhouse on the hillside , there 's a tiny green flag -- she squint , look more closely . her face brighten . 55 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna " cerca trova ! " seek and find ! langdon ( get irritate ) well , we seek it and find it , now what ? sienna what else do the draw say ? the word that be add ? langdon " the truth can be glimpse only through the eye of death . " sienna the eye of death ... langdon 's gaze flit around the tapestry rapidly , alight on one suffer , die face after another . langdon death . everywhere . whose eye ? he close he own eye and rub they , exhaustion catch up with he . he look up at the mural again , think hard , and the face from the tapestry flick by fast , too fast , jump cut , one after the other , horrific image tumble through he brain -- langdon ( cont would ) -- my head . killing I , I - in langdon be mind , suddenly , there be other image mixing in with the face , image not from the mural , but from he vision and memory , the upside - down leg , the plague mask , the lock on the door in he hospital room as sienna slam it into place -- -- and the veile woman' face , close to he , she gaze turn up to meet he eye in a almost intimate way , she hand on the side of he cheek , she voice a whisper -- dr . sinskey maybe there be some mystery we be not mean to solve . in the hall , 56 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon break out of it and turn away from the mural , put a hand over he eye . eyestrain , or emotion ? sienna be you all right ? he nod , but do not look at she . there 's no question , it 's emotion . Robert langdon be overcome . langdon in you hospital . when I wake up from the dream . I come out of it with this feel of -- loss . worse. desolation . something be go away . and I would never get it back . he turn and look at sienna , plaintive . langdon '' ( cont would ) that two day I lose . what happen to I ? voice ( 0.s. ) Professor ?! they turn . marta it be you ! back so soon ? a pregnant , smiling museum guard walk toward they , she arm outstretch in welcome . langdon ( low , to sienna ) I have never see that woman before in my life . marta reach they as quickly as she condition will allow . marta I almost do not recognize you in that fashionable suit ! you have be shopping . langdon and sienna both just stare for a moment . langdon be the first to speak . langdon uh huh ! 57 . 9-20-13 continued : he 's not a great actor , but he 's do he best . langdon ( cont would ) yes . yes . I be sorry , this be sienna . my -- niece . marta take a look at sienna , then look back at langdon with a know smile . marta you be in Italy , Professor , you do not have to say " niece , " for God 's sake . she take sienna 's hand . marta ( cont would ) marta alvarez . pleasure to meet you . ( back to langdon ) be il duomino with you again ? langdon raise a eyebrow , he recognize the name . langdon Il duomino ? no , he could not make it today . I be sorry to trouble you , marta , but I guess you can imagine why I be here . again . marta really ? of all the treasure in the palazzo ? ( to sienna ) he and il duomino spend almost a hour up there with it last night . so morbid . langdon it 's -- cool . marta all right , come on . I be head up that way . she start across the hall . they fall into stride with she , walk quickly . marta ( cont would ) not so fast , please . I be about to burst . she put a hand on she ample belly . 58 . 9-20-13 continued : marta ( cont would ) ( to sienna ) such a romantic date he take you on . to see a death mask . langdon look sharply at sienna . sienna turn to marta . sienna a death mask ? marta they be common practice in the 1500s . it 's essentially just a plaster cast of someone 's face , make a few moment after that person die . langdon " through the eye of death . " sienna and whose face be use for this particular mask ? marta the poet . | Dante . CUT to : int palazzo - staircase day marta , breathe heavily , lead they up a staircase to a landing above the Hall of five hundre . marta it be a romantic story , I suppose . Dante love Florence as much as anyone could ever love a city . he be prominent and powerful , but the political wind change and he be exile -- throw outside the city wall and tell he could never come back . she lead they down a hallway , arrive at a close door , and rap three time . key rattle in the door and it 's open by a older museum guard . he see langdon and smile , delighted to see he . guard signore ! welcome back ! 59 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon ( get use to it ) thanks . great to be back . he gesture , come in . int palazzo gallery day marta lead they into a gallery , empty at this early hour . she continue the story . marta some people say Dante 's exile be the reason he death mask look so sad . but the romantics believe it 's because of he great love for beatrice . she lead they around a corner and through another gallery . marta ( cont would ) Dante fall for she when he be young , but they have only a few steal moment together before life tore they apart and beatrice marry another man . Dante be force to live without the woman or the city he love . up ahead be a small alcove . marta ( cont would ) and so , when he die , as a final gesture of kindness , he mask -- be bring home to Florence . she reach the entry to the alcove and gesture -- here we be . marta ( cont would ) it 's in the display case on the wall to you leave . we ask that you stay behind the stanchion . langdon thank you . he and sienna walk to the leave and stop in front of the single display case there , light by a light from above . they stare , stunne . langdon ( cont would ) marta -- 60 . 9-20-13 continued : the Guard turn from the doorway . she walk over to they , and follow they gaze to the display case . she look at it for a brief , uncomprehend moment -- -- and then turn and run from the gallery , pull a whistle that hang from a chain around she neck and blow hard , its pierce shriek echoing off the wall of the gallery . finally , we get a look at the display case . it 's empty . CUT to : int museum - security wing day a card swipe through a card -reader , a door lock buzy , and we shove through . move fast , we reach a second door , swipe a card there too , another door buzy , and we go through . we be backstage at the museum , in the security wing , be lead by a somber man in a gray suit , who 's do all the swiping and shove . marta be beside he , they speak in urgent italian , and langdon and sienna be just behind . two more guard , this in uniform , be behind they . int video room day in the main surveillance room of the museum , the group now stand before a array of video screen off to one side . the main screen show a surveillance image of the gallery they be just in , and it 's scrubbing through the tape at high speed . museum visitors come and go in a blur , pause in front of the mask 's display case to admire it , then move on . the timestamp on the video race forward , to the end of the day . there be a lot of muttere italian , and sharp disagreement among the Security personnel , but nobody bother translate , the situation be too serious . langdon and sienna watch the screen closely as the late afternoon sun move across the floor of the gallery , quickly . then all at once the museum visitor disappear and the lighting shift to near- darken night lighting . the video technician step up the speed , the timestamp clock start to really zip by now , it get all the way up to 10 p.m. , and on the screen , the light in the gallery suddenly flick back on . 61 . 9-20-13 continued : the Security director give a order in italian and the technician slow the tape down to real time . they watch for a moment =- -- and see Robert langdon and a heavy man in he sixty walk into the frame . marta be lead they across the gallery , to the Dante mask . marta there . that 's we . security director let it play from here . langdon ( to sienna ) that 's ignazio busoni . director of the museo dell ' Opera dell duomo . I have know he for year , he 's a Dante scholar . sienna you call he ? langdon I must have . they all watch the screen intently as langdon and ignazio move around the display case , study the mask carefully . on screen , langdon step over the stanchion and get close to the glass case . marta ( the on -screen version of she ) step forward and admonish he to step back . in the room , marta look at langdon . marta sorry I be so strict . the mask 's owner insist on the stanchion to keep people back . he will not even permit staff to open the case without he present . langdon the owner ? the mask do not belong to the museum ? marta no. ( more ) 62 . 9-20-13 continued : marta ( cont would ) a private collector buy it from we , and allow we to display it in perpetuity . it 's a common practice , a way of raise fund . langdon who be the collector ? marta bertram Zobrist . sienna and langdon both react . marta notice . marta ( cont would ) you have hear of he ? the swiss billionaire ? sienna yes , I have -- hear of he . marta notice something on screen . marta ah , there .. that 's when I get the call . on screen , marta excuse herself . now langdon and ignazio step freely over the stanchion and study the mask more closely . in the room , there be much disapproval and tsking . langdon glance away , embarrassed at he video- self -- -- and he stop , notice something the other have not . on a cork board above a technician 's empty desk , there be a white envelope , pin there with a tack . nothing so strange about that , nothing that would ordinarily catch a person 's eye . but there 's a name on the front of the envelope , in block letter . just a first name . ROBERT langdon look around the room . nobody be look at the real he , they be all too intent on the video-him . he slide a few foot to he right , pull the tack out of the board , and take the envelope down . 63 . 9-20-13 continued : he open it , quietly , while the other study the screen . Inside be a plain white sheet of paper , on which four line have be write by hand . langdon 's eye skim down to the bottom of the page , to where a name have be sign in a flowery hand : ignazio on screen , video-langdon and ignazio be huddle in urgent debate near the case . they turn and look , to see if marta be come back . in the room , langdon 's eye scan the note quickly . he read the first two line : I assume they will detain you and bring you here . for obvious reason , I must disappear for a little while . what you seek be safely hide . langdon look back up , to see if anybody 's watch he , and to check the video screen . on screen , he watch himself reach into the pocket of he jacket and pull something out . in the room , he look back down at the note , quickly , and finish read : the gate be open to you , but you must hurry . paradise twenty -five . and then the flowery signature -- ignazio . langdon furrow he brow , but before he can puzzle out the clue , he hear a gasp in the room and look up again . on screen , he see what he have pull from he pocket -- it 's a pair of surgical glove . the live - langdon watch in shock as the video-langdon pull on the glove , nod to he friend ignazio to open the back of the case , which he do -- -- and langdon himself remove the death mask . 64 . 9-20-13 continued : in the room , there be gasp of shock , expression of horror at what 's transpire on screen . Real -langdon shove ignazio 's note in he pocket before anyone can see it , and he watch the screen , as amaze as the other . on screen , he see himself lift the mask carefully , hold it up to the light , in front of he own face . for a moment , he eye be visible through the mask . in the room , marta stammer in disbelief . marta ( cont would ) Professor , I -- I do not know what to say ! I be appal ! langdon through the eye of death ... sienna you be look for something on the back . on screen , langdon and ignazio look up suddenly , as if they hear someone come . langdon pull out a large Ziploc bag , drop the mask in it , and they hurry off , complete the theft . in the room , everyone be stare at langdon in shock , sienna include . langdon I can explain . the Security director turn , pull a handgun from a shoulder inside he suitcoat . security director yes , I think that would be a good idea . the police will - but before we can find out what the police will do , a deafening series of alarm go off in the security office . all eye turn back to the screen . 65 . 9-20-13 continued : technician armed intruder ! from three separate entrance ! the door on either side of the security office bang open as more personnel pour into the control room , the Security director turn and look back at the computer screen . on the live screen , he see agent bruder and he man , armed with submachine gun , racing through the entrance to the museum , they weapon set off every alarm and metal detector in the place . in the room , the Security director shout out order in italian and everybody snap into action , the director holster he weapon and switch to English as he turn back to langdon -- security director you will wait here for the police until - -- but langdon and sienna be go . the director look up , to the side exit , they door leave open by the influx of personnel . he swear in italian . CUT to : int museum - gallery day langdon and sienna walk as quickly as they can across a gallery in the museum . they move fast , but not so fast as to draw immediate attention . the shout of bruder 's Agents , the thundering of footstep , and the shriek of museum alarm echo off the wall all around they . sienna hold the note that ignazio leave for langdon in she hand and have just finish read it . sienna " paradise twenty - five , " what do he mean by that ? langdon it must be a reference to Dante 's Divine Comedy . " paradise , canto xxv . " he say it will tell we where he hide the mask . 66 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna canto xxv -- what do it say ? langdon it 's fourteen thousand line of archaic italian , I do not happen to remember that part . sienna just ask . langdon I need to find a copy of the book . she look at he and smile . sienna you be quaint . up ahead , a tourist be just finish a phone call . she drop she Sony xperia lite 4G smartphone in she purse , which hang loosely over she shoulder . sienna steer toward the Tourist and as they hurry past she she dip a hand into the woman 's purse , lift the phone -- -- and toss it to langdon , who catch it . sienna ( cont would ) Google it . langdon you can not -- that be not -- she grab he by the arm and make sure he keep move . a announcement come on the p.a. system in italian , and most of the tourist groan in irritation . langdon ( cont would ) what would it say ? sienna the museum be be close for a security emergency . everyone be to go to the nearest exit . langdon then we go this way . through armenia . they have reach a intersection of hallway , and he lead she off , sharply to the right . 67 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna armenia ? langdon trust I . at a museum exit , the door slam shut and be immediately manned by security guard . at another exit , same story -- the door slam , tourist complain , policemen block the way out . ext palazzo vecchio day at the exterior main entrance to the palazzo , more police race up the stair , stream through the main entrance . vayentha , follow they , zip up she coat and blend in with the crowd . she enter the palazzo . int MAIN entry day there be chaos in the main entry . tourist be be bottleneck and detain at the door , bruder 's Agents be check they one by one , and bruder stand at the center of all of it , give order in both italian and English . a museum guard report to bruder . guard all the main exit be close , as be subsidiary exit . bathroom be be searched and lock , and the cloakroom have be cut off . bruder what about hide exit ? conceal passageway ? guard it 's a seven hundred year old palazzo , signore , there be a number of they . a palazzo invisibile . bruder show I . all of they . 68 . 9-20-13 continued : behind he , vayentha manage to slip past . she move deeper into the museum . int hall of geographical map day a six - foot tall globe , the mappa mundi , stand in the center of the Hall of geographical Maps . fifty - three large scale map , hand - paint on leather , hang from the wall , depict the world as it be know in the 1550s . langdon and sienna burst into the room and go to the wall . langdon find armenia . it 's in here somewhere , I have be through it . they split up , go to opposite wall . sienna here ! armenia ! he hurry across the room , to where she stand before a map of armenia in a massive wooden frame . langdon grab the edge of the frame and heave it toward he . the entire map swing into the room , along with a large section of the wall and wainscote , revealing a hide passageway . sienna ( cont would ) ( impressed ) Professor ! how worldly . she hurry through the open , into the dim space beyond . int behind the map day langdon follow she through and pull the wall close behind they . they're in a pale stone hallway light only by faint natural light that filter through a series of lead window . the passageway descend fifty yard or so to a wooden door . sienna start for it -- langdon not that way . -- and he turn instead to he leave , where a narrow ascend staircase be block by a chain and a sign that say " uscita vietata . " sienna it say no exit . 69 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon I be not the only one who know about that map . he climb over the chain and hurry up the stair . she follow . int secret staircase day langdon race up the staircase , sienna just behind he . a door at the top be mark " sala die modelli di architettura . " he push it open . int architecture model room day the room be a tiny space , one small window , only one entrance , and fill with wooden model of architectural design for the interior of the palazzo . sienna how do we get out of here ? langdon we do not . we wait . int museum - corridor day the Museum Guard who speak to bruder earlier lead he and he troops , at a run , through the museum . they round a corner -- int hall of geographical map day -- into the hall of map . they go to armenia , the Guard swing it open , and bruder lead he man inside . behind the map , bruder see the staircase lead to the door at the bottom and race down it . he throw it open -- ext palazzo terrace walkway day -- and wince from the blind light of the outside . he look out , across the rooftop . ahead of he be the high , vault roof of the Hall of five hundre . impossible to traverse . to the leave and right be a narrow walkway . he order two Agents to the leave , two other to the right , and they creep carefully along it , search . 70 . 9-20- 13 int architectural model room day close on a cell phone screen , which display half a dozen line of scrolling text . langdon and sienna be in the architectural model room , and he 's read line of Dante off the steal cell phone . he 's read fast , murmuring to himself . langdon if it should happen , if this sacred poem -- this work so share by heaven and by earth that it have make I lean through this long year -- sienna be at the door , listen to the sound of bruder 's agent outside . she speak in a whisper . sienna they be downstairs ! langdon keep read , concentrate . sienna hear a SOUND and turn , look to the window -- langdon by then with other voice , with other fleece ... the SOUND outside get louder , sienna move quickly across the room , grab hold of langdon and pull he down , hard , into a sit position on the floor -- -- just as the shadow of a gunman move out onto the thin ledge outside the window . langdon ( cont would ) ( still read ) I shall return as poet and put on , at my baptismal font , the laurel crown ... the gunman stop outside , he silhouette visible through the window . do he hear they ? sienna keep you voice down ! but langdon only have eye for the phone , and the line of text . he repeat , in a whisper : langdon . at my baptismal font ... 71 . 9-20-13 continued : the gunman move on . sienna breathes a sigh of relief and look at langdon . sienna you power of concentration be impressive . langdon Il duomo . the Cathedral where Dante be baptize . he stand . so do sienna . langdon ( cont would ) and where ignazio work . that 's where he hide the mask . sienna how do we get out of here ? int hall of geographical map day bruder and he Agents come back up the stair and stop at the open map door . bruder point down the stair . bruder two agent at exterior door , and two more here . keep the door open . two Agents step up to the open map door and take position on either side of it . bruder ( cont would ) let 's go . where next ? he nod to the remain Agents and the Museum Guard , and they take off . int architectural model room day close on a overhead shot of the palazzo itself , but it 's tiny , and cutaway , a architect 's model of the place . langdon be point to a narrow passageway on one side of the place . langdon ( quietly ) it 's call the Duke of athen stairway , and it descend to a tiny escape hatch on a side street . 72 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna it 's on the complete opposite side of the palace ! we will never get there . langdon cross the exhibit room , to what look like a large cupboard in the wall , one yard square , about three foot off the floor . he grab a handle and heave open the door , revealing a cavernous void beyond . langdon I do not say it would be comfortable . langdon grab a flashlight off the wall , hoist himself through the open , and disappear into the rabbit hole . sienna smile and race across the room , into the cupboard . int LA soffita - attic space day a flashlight click on and pierce the darkness . langdon stand in a cloud of musty , ancient air , century of plaster dust swirl gently around he . spread out before he be a seemingly endless tunnel , a attic space crisscross by a wooden web of post and beam that make up the invisible skeleton of the vault ceiling of the roof of the Hall of the five hundre . sienna steady herself on the beam beside he . he swing the flashlight down and over , show she the pathway across -- it 's a series of narrow catwalk , plank laid down haphazardly across the space . langdon ( whisper ) we be directly above the Hall of the five hundre . the stairway be on the other side . she nod . he start across , shine the light at the beam beneath they . langdon ( cont would ) you be not afraid of height , be you ? she look up at he . she be . sienna do it matter ? 73 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon guess not . they start across . int hall of the five hundre day we be look up at the spectacular ceiling of the Hall of the five hundre , where vasari canvase make up its flutter surface . tilting down fast , we see vayentha , who have come down the stair , still search the place . int attic space day up in the attic space , langdon and sienna make they way carefully across the board . langdon move quickly , but sienna , slowed by she fear of height , place she foot more slowly . langdon it 's okay -- one after the other . you be fine . she look up at he , smile at he reassurance -- -- and put a foot wrong . she stumble , she foot slide off the edge of the plank , she trip -- -- langdon drop the flashlight , reach out to grab she -- -- she fall -- -- and he manage to hold on , drop himself flat on the board . he 's hold on to she by one hand , and she dangle there , over the empty space . but the flashlight roll down the plank , its beam of light shine crazily in the darken space , it drop , clatter on to a plank below it , drop again -- -- and thud into the back of one of the canvase , still roll . the piece of planking that sienna be stand on tip off its edge , fall hard onto the plank below it , crashing . in the hall of . the five hundre , vayentha hear the clatter from above and look up sharply . she see a slight bow in one of the canvase , the weight of the flashlight press it down as it roll . the flashlight 's beam cast a glow through the canvas . 74 . 9-20-13 continued : vayentha 's eye widen . someone be up there . she turn and race up the nearest staircase . in the attic space , langdon be strain , hold onto sienna with one hand . her finger slip through he and she fall again -- -- and land on a platform ten foot below with a thud . langdon stand . he can still see , but only by the dim light come through the canvase from below . he point to sienna , who be below he . langdon there ! make you way along the ledge and meet I on the other side . sienna look . there be a catwalk that lead to a narrow ledge that run around the edge of the room . she take off for it . above her , langdon start to make he way across the rest of the catwalk , move as fast as he can in the darkness . int hall of the five hundre day now agent bruder and he man converge in the center of the Hall of the five hundre . bruder be the museum clear of tourist ? agent yes , sir . bruder I want six man station here . safeties off . finger outside the housing . understood ? agent yes , sir . bruder look around the room . the one direction he do not look be up . int attic space day up in the attic , sienna move as quickly as she can , around the edge of the room . the ledge on which she 's make she way be narrower than the plank , and she try not to look down . 75 . 9-20-13 continued : in the middle of the attic , langdon be nearly all the way across when a brilliant light from the end of the catwalk flick on , shine in he face . he stop , wince . he shield he eye . a woman 's voice come from behind the light . vayentha if you want to live , you will do exactly as I say . she move the light slightly out of langdon 's eye , and he see vayentha stand at the end of the catwalk , just in front of the exit door . she 's hold she gun at she side . langdon so you can kill I too ? vayentha I can help you . everything have change . langdon not that much . vayentha this be the last time I will ask . she raise she gun , point it at he chest from just ten foot away . langdon wince in anticipation of the shot , but there be a blur of motion from the side -- -- and sienna , who 's make it all the way around the room , leap through the air and tackle vayentha . the gun go off , its shot fly wild . int hall of the five hundre day bruder and the other hear the gunshot and look up at the ceiling . int attic . space day vayentha crunch into a low railing build around the work platform on which she stand . the railing break , sienna let go of she and stop she own momentum , but vayentha , drive backwards , have no such option . 76 . 9-20-13 continued : she crash through the break railing , fall twenty foot , onto the backside of one of the vasari canvase . she 's suspend there for a second , as the canvas bow , she claw frantically for the side , see what be about to happen -- -- and with a tremendous rip that seem to take forever , the canvas give way . int hall of the five hundre day vayentha fall for three very long second , on she back , arm flail , drop straight down through the cavernous Hall of the five hundre until -- -- she smack into the floor at bruder 's foot , she skull cracking open on the unforgive floor . int attic space day up in the attic space , sienna stare down through the tear canvas , horrify . she can see vayentha , far below , a pool of blood spread out from she fracture skull . sienna put a hand to she mouth in horror . sienna I do not mean to -- langdon she be about to kill I . from below , they hear shout and see the head of agent start to turn , to look up at they . int duke of athens stairway day see from overhead , langdon and sienna race down a rarely - use stone staircase with narrow switchback stair . they reach a tiny stone chamber at the bottom of the stair . ext palazzo vecchio day on the back side of the palazzo vecchio , there be a four foot high door , the kind of door you would not even notice unless it open suddenly right in front of you . like now . the door scrape open and langdon and sienna step through it , straighten and blink they eye at the sudden daylight . they start off , into the crowd , blend in as best they can with the other tourist . 77 . 9-20-13 continued : but behind they , a tall man in silhouette sit at a cafe table . over he shoulder we watch he head turn , follow langdon and sienna as they move into the crowd . the tall man stand , drop a few bill on the table , and start down the street , stay a safe distance behind they . CUT to : int hall of the five hundre day vayentha 's dead eye stare up at the ceiling of the Hall of the five hundre , which be now teeming with local police and other official . Dr. sinskey stare down at the dead woman . bruder be beside she . dr . sinskey if we do not find he , we be go to be look at a great many more dead body . bruder how long can he elude we ? dr . sinskey forever , it seem . CUT to : ext airport - florence day a corporate jet streak out of the sky and land on a private runway at the edge of the tarmac of peretola Airport in Florence . minute later , two black sedan zip up to the door of the plane as it be lower and Harry sim glide down the step , shoot he cuff . as before , he look impeccable . a local c.r.g . agent meet he at the base of the step and fall into stride with sim , who never stop move as he head for the rear car . local agent good afternoon , Mr. sim , I trust you have a - 78 . 9-20-13 continued : sim ( no time for chit chat ) yes no lovely . have you make contact with the good doctor ? local agent yes . she be willing to meet . sim do she understand who we be ? local agent I have sketch a outline . sim good . i'1l fill in the color . he slide into the back of the car -- sims_ ( cont would ) it 's time we join force . -- and slam the door . the car zip off across the tarmac . CUT to : ext STREET - florence day sienna and langdon hurry down a narrow passageway know as via dello Studio . as they near the end of the chasmlike alleyway , they hear the thrum of activity up ahead , and the cavern on either side of they give way , spilling they out into a enormous plaza . ext piazza del duomo day the piazza del duomo be the ancient religious center of Florence . it bustles with tour bus and throng of visitors crowd around Florence 's fame Cathedral of Santa Maria del fiore , better know as il duomo . langdon Il duomo . my friend ignazio be the director of the cathedral and all its museum . he want we to come here . sienna head toward the cathedral , but he take she arm and steer she gently to the side . langdon ( cont would ) this way . the baptistry of San Giovanni . 79 . 9-20-13 continued : they go to a building at the right side of the plaza . langdon ( cont would ) Michelangelo famously call its gild bronze door -- they join a crowd of tourist that mill about outside the baptistry , admire its fifteen foot tall door , each inlaid with a intricate and breathtaking biblical scene . langdon ( cont would ) -- the Gates of paradise . they be commission as a votive offer to God . he look at she . langdon ( cont would ) a show of gratitude that Florence have survive the Black Plague . CUT to : int baptistry of san giovanni day langdon and sienna walk into the empty baptistry , a stun , high - ceiling place naturally light by light that pierce the dark space through a central oculus . langdon gaze up , to a magnificent mosaic that hang over the altar , a twenty - seven foot Jesus Christ seat in judgment over the save and the damned . on his leave hand , the sinful be stone , roast on spike , eat by all manner of creature . Satan oversee the torture , a horn devil that be in the process of consume a human be headfirst , the victim 's leg dangle from he mouth . langdon blink , and have a flash of memory in which he see the upside - down leg twist in agony at the edge of the river of blood , and then he 's back in reality , where he steer sienna toward a raise platform , behind a decorative gate , to a tall hexagonal plinth of carve marble . atop its base be a polished wooden top . langdon climb the step and stop in front of it . 80 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna a baptismal font ? langdon nod . he reach out , remove the cover -- -- and reveal the death mask of Dante , stare up at they out of the shadow . he lift it gently , hold it as delicately as possible by the ear , and turn it around , as if to look through its eye . there , faintly carve in the top inside part of the mask , be seven letter : ppppppp sienna look at he , puzzle . sienna ( cont would ) that 's it ? langdon that 's enough . Seven , for the seven deadly , p , for peccatum , Latin for sin . accord to Dante , the angel who guard purgatory use the tip of he sword to carve the letter p into the forehead of the sinner who climb mount purgatory . sienna that 's fascinating , but how be it helpful ? langdon furrow he brow , notice something . he hold the mask close to he face and sniff it . langdon wet dog ! whatever that mean , it 's significant to he . nearby , langdon open a cabinet , rummages around , find baptismal towel , and pull one out . langdon ( cont would ) acrylic gesso smell like wet dog . sienna I see . ( but she do not ) 81 . 9-20- 13 continued : langdon it 's also water soluble . back at the font , langdon shove aside the hexagonal cover of the font , expose the baptismal water below . he dip the towel in the water , start carefully wiping the back of the mask . the whitish surface of the mask wipe away neatly , revealing write underneath . it 's ornate , curving , write in a careful spiral pattern . langdon start to read as he wipe . langdon ( cont " d ) " 0 , you possess of sturdy intellect ... observe the teaching hide here ... beneath the veil of verse so obscure ... " sienna that 's Dante . langdon very good . Zobrist be challenging we , with Dante 's own word . he keep wiping , keep read . as the full spiral pattern emerge , he read more . langdon ( cont would ) " seek the treacherous doge of Venice , who severe the head from horse ... " sienna Venice ! langdon " kneel within the gild museum of holy wisdom , and place thine ear to the ground , listen for the sound of trickle water . " he look up -- langdon ( cont would ) Venice be where Dante become infect with the disease that kill he . -- and back down . continued : 82 . 9-20-13 langdon ( cont would ) " follow deep into the sink palace , for here , in the darkness , the chthonic monster wait -- " sienna the plague itself . underwater . langdon " submerge in the blood -re water of the lagoon that reflect no star . " sienna the blood -re water . like in you vision . langdon how long be the train ride to Venice ? sienna two hour . he start out . she stop he . sienna ( cont would ) do you still have the phone I take ? he dig in he pocket and hand it over , think she intend to dump it . but instead she start look up a number . langdon who be you call ? sienna alitalia . to buy we two plane ticket to geneva . langdon you hear I say Venice , right ? sienna ( smile ) yes , I do . CUT to : int florence airport day agent bruder , Dr. sinskey , and several s.r.s. agent hurry through the terminal at the Venice airport . the Agents have weapon draw , and be flanke by local police , who shout at everyone to get the hell out of the way . they be cause a mini-panic . 83 . 9-20-13 continued : they reach a gate , where a terrify gate agent throw she hand in the air . dr . sinskey this be the flight to geneva ?! gate agent Si . but we just close the door . bruder bring the plane back to the gate at once . a voice speak up from behind he -- a very calm , british voice . voice ( 0.s. ) that would be a waste of time . bruder and sinskey turn . Harry sim stand just behind they , as if he 's be wait here for they all along . sim and we have very little of that . CUT to : int airport - security room day sim , bruder , and sinskey sit at a table in a interrogation room at the airport , the kind of sterile place they take you if you document have be flagge . sinskey be livid . sinskey you be tell I that for two year , you and you organization have be work to thwart I , at bertram Zobrist 's request ? sim that be correct . sinskey to shield he and he research from the World Health Organization ? sim regrettably , yes . 84 . 9-20-13 continued : sinskey and that all of my attempt to prevent he from commit mass murder on a scale unprecedented in global history , have be unsuccessful -- because of you . sim a incisive sum-up . he check he watch . sinskey and now you have the temerity to ask that I simply decide to trust you ? sim terribly sorry , do not see any other way . sinskey why do not you come to I sooner ? sim I clung to a hope that it could all be keep quiet . I be not aware what be at stake until I see the video . bruder lean forward , to sim . bruder can you think of a single reason why I should not leave you face down in a ditch somewhere ? sim it would curtail my joie de vie ? sinskey who exactly do you group work for ? sim we be stateless , if that 's what you mean . we work for we client . Doctor , we live in a complicated world , fill with shifting alliance . why do not we behave in we mutual best interest ? sinskey why should I ? why do I even need you ? 85 . 9-20-13 continued : sim because I be the one who plant a tracking device on Professor langdon . he lean forward . sim ( cont would ) now shall we find he together ? CUT to : ext italian countryside day a train zip across the italian countryside . int train day close on Robert langdon 's hand as he rub the space behind he right ear , just at the base of he skull . this close in , we can see a tiny , flesh - color square there , just barely visible due to its reflective metal surface . so that 's why he ear hurt . langdon and sienna be on board the train , sit across from one another . sienna " the treacherous doge , " who can that be ? langdon the doge be the king of Venice , they be all treacherous . sienna this one cut the head off horse . be there a famous story about that ? langdon I do not know . sienna and the " gild museum , " what do that refer to ? langdon St. Mark 's maybe -- the horse of constantinople -- bronze statue -- I do not know . sienna be they head cut off ? 86 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon I do not know . it 's the first time we have ever hear he snap . sienna sorry . I be start to get the impression you know everything , Professor . he rub he head , the strain and fatigue really get to he . langdon no . not nearly . no. ( to himself ) " some mystery we be not mean to solve . " he turn , look across the aisle of the train , at a italian woman in she forty . a memory flash , and he see a fleeting image of Dr. sinskey , the woman by the river of blood , and she 's reach out to he , very close now , reach to he -- back in reality , -- and then he blink , and the image be go . he put he hand over he eye . sienna be you in pain ? langdon I be fine . sienna I do not believe you . langdon something be . and be not anymore . he stop , he will not say more . she look at he . sienna when my relationship end , it be sudden . he would be everything to I . my teacher , my lover . but he turn out to have foot of clay . he rub he head again , in serious need of sleep . 87 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon every man be a myth . every woman a dream . sienna what be that ? langdon a song . I can not remember . none of we live up to what other want we to be . sienna I be sorry , that be not good enough for I . langdon then you would better get use to disappointment . now it 's she turn to shut off . she look out the window . langdon do too . six rows behind they , we see a familiar hat , and a familiar silhouette . the tall man be still with they , follow at a discreet distance . he tip he hat down , over he face , and lean back in he seat . CUT to : ext venice - ST . mark square day a winge lion sit atop a column , he paw rest proudly on a book . move down , we see throng of tourist mob St. Mark 's Square in Venice , the water of the Grand Canal visible behind it . we come all the way down , to find langdon and sienna stand between the column , stare at the sea of humanity , both think the same thing . sienna twenty million people a year . from every corner of the globe . langdon if you want to start a plague -- sienna -- this be where I would do it . 88 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon you know , the word " quarantine " come from the italian quaranta , forty . during the Plague , Venice enforce a decree that say all ship have to anchor in the harbor for forty day before enter the city . she look at he , and can not help but smile . sienna Nice to see you back , Professor . the horse ? langdon right there . he point across the square , and we follow he indication to -- ext ST . mark basilica day -- the top of the basilica where , just below its ornate , crest peak , four mammoth copper stallion glint in the afternoon sun . langdon and sienna rush out onto the terrace atop the basilica and stand beneath the massive statue , look up at they . sienna we be on top of the basilica , how could we possibly hear water rush underneath this horse ? langdon this be replica , the real one be keep in a museum for preservation . he look around , see a museum guide speak to a small group in italian . langdon turn to sienna , who 's already move forward . langdon ( cont would ) ask he -- have the head be cut off this horse ? be there history behind it ? she do , and the guide reply . sienna he say there be such a story , but they do not like to speak of it . langdon ask harder . 89 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna do . the guide reply . sienna translate while he talk . sienna accord to the tale , the horse be loot from constantinople during the crusade . but they be too large to be load on board the ship , so they head be remove and reattach . langdon by whom ? she ask again . the guide reply . sienna by Venice 's most clever and deceitful doge . the doge who trick everyone into the crusade , the one who take state money to sail_to Egypt , but redirected he troops and sack constantinople instead . a blind man , ninety year old . langdon 's face pale . the guide continue talk , and sienna continue translate , but langdon already know where this be go . sienna ( cont would ) the doge who live forever . enrico -- langdon ( finish with she ) -- dandolo . langdon stagger to the railing and grip it tightly . sienna thanks the guide and go to he . sienna what be it ? langdon enrico dandolo . " the gild museum of holy wisdom . " I make a mistake . sienna be we in the wrong basilica ? he turn and look at she . langdon we be in the wrong country 90 . 9-20-13 continued : before she can react , a shout draw they attention from below . they peer over the railing . down below , a impose group of black -clad soldier have just enter the church and be fan out across the narthex , block all the exit . up above , sienna how do they find we ?! langdon do not matter . let 's go . he turn and they run along the length of the balcony , into the set sun , which have sink low over the western end of St. Mark 's Square . they rush along the front of the basilica and he lead she to the leave , follow the balcony around the southwest corner toward a heavy door of wringht iron and glass . they push through it . int ST . mark basilica day they hurry back inside the basilica . they skirt the perimeter of the vast open space of the central nave . from nearby , they can hear the shout of Soldiers . langdon spot a fire alarm on the wall , figure what the hell , yank down hard on it -- -- and it shatter in he hand . Broken glass and plastic , but no alarm . langdon it do not work ? sienna you be such a american . behind they , Soldiers enter the main room of the basilica . langdon and sienna take off again , into a enclose spiral stairway . int stairwell day they race down the step of the stairwell and pause there , two floor down . langdon turn and look up . he get a glimpse of soldier ' boot on the main floor of the basilica . 91 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna look down . more flight of spiral stair , lead to darkness . langdon ( whisper ) bad idea . subterranean crypt with no exit . footstep start down the stair above they . sienna no choice . she start down again . she 's right , so he follow . at the bottom of the stair , they pass a sign that say " cripta DI san marco , " and continue on . int subterranean space day they push through another door and come into a subterranean space -- not abandon , it 's a work chapel with a altar and fold chair set up in front of it . but the place be dark , its low stone ceiling support by ancient pillar and brick -vault archway . sienna I see natural light . she point to several small , arched transom , high on the wall . langdon Light well ! he race to the nearest one . the light well from the plaza open into a deep shaft that drop down from St. Mark 's Square , above . the window glass be reinforce with interlock iron circle , and be at shoulder height . langdon go to it , turn a latch , and open the window . he peer up into it -- the square be ten foot above he , at the top of the shaft . he turn . he have a idea . ext ST . mark square day close on a venetian plague doctor 's mask , the kind langdon see in he vision . pull back , we see it 's one of many mask be sell by a gypsy woman , she stand in the shadow of the great basilica in St. Mark 's Square . 92 . 9-20-13 continued : she hear a SOUND near she foot and turn . the sound be come from the bottom of the window well behind she , at the base of the wall of the chapel . she bend over , stare down through the grate and into the ten foot well . at the base of the well , she see a chair shove into view , and then a man , climb on top of it . Robert langdon . he look up at the gypsy woman and put a finger to he lip -- shhhhhhhh . then he turn and gesture and sienna climb onto the chair , and onto he hand , which he hold together , to give she a boost . inside the well , with langdon 's boost , sienna can just get she hand on the security latch on the underside of the grate . she flick the latch and push on the grate . in the square , the gate rise a inch or two , but sienna can not get it all the way open . sienna puo darci una mano ?! the gypsy woman look at she . then look around . then look back to sienna . gypsy woman cento euro . sienna curse , dig in she pocket , and come up with a bill . she hand it to the gypsy woman , through the bar of the grate . int subterranean space day at the base of the stair in the crypt , soldier come racing down , lead by agent bruder . he see langdon across the room , stand on the chair in the window well . bruder there ! go! 93 . 9-20-13 ext ST . mark square day with a loud clang , the gypsy woman toss aside the grate and pull sienna up through the open . sienna turn back , drop to she stomach , and reach down for langdon , to help he up . he get hold of she hand and she pull , use all she strength , she get he a good foot or two off the chair . in the well , langdon 's foot scrabble against the stone wall of the window well , he find some small bit of purchase and get even higher . behind he , the Soldiers race across the room , now just a few second from he . in the square , langdon 's very close , if she just help he get a few inch higher , he will get he hand over the edge and can pull himself out . but she be weaken , and lower he . sienna I can not do it . langdon you can ! pull ! sienna I be sorry . he drop down a bit more . she try again , but to no avail . sienna ( cont would ) where do I go , Robert ? where be the doge bury ? beneath langdon , Soldiers appear and shout up at he . he look at they , then back up at sienna . langdon Istanbul . rough hand grab hold of he leg and start pull he back down . his finger slip out of sienna 's , but not before he tell she one last piece of information . 94 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon ( cont would ) the hagia Sophia . sienna immediately let go of he hand , she wrench it away , in fact , and langdon 's eye widen , he have a sudden memory flash , two of they , in fact -- in the boboli garden , sienna look right at langdon : sienna Robert , the cause be save the world . and in the train compartment , she sit in the seat across from he : sienna he turn out to have foot of clay . and back in reality , langdon 's eye widen , he 's just figure something out -- langdon oh , no . -- and sienna take off , disappear into the crowd in the square . int subterranean crypt day langdon be drag back down , into the crypt , turn around to face agent bruder -- -- and a needle be plunge into he neck . the last thing he see be agent bruder 's face , darkness close in all around as everything go black . CUT to : ext venice airport day at the airport in Venice , we be close on sienna brook ' bob blonde pony tail as she walk briskly to a departure gate . a announcement in several language announce board for the flight , and when it get to English : announcement -- final board for alitalia flight 126 for Istanbul -- all passenger should be on board at this time . 95 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna reach the gate , start to hold out she board pass as she draw near the gate agent , but a voice call from behind she . voice ( 0.s. ) hello , sienna . she turn . it 's the tall man , the one who have be follow sienna and langdon all this time . sienna be stunne to see he . come around behind she , we finally get a good look at the face -- -- of bertram zobrist . sienna ( compose herself ) hello , bertram . zobrist you have something of mine . I would like it back . sienna I be go to finish what we set out to do . he make a minute movement of he right arm , revealing just the tip of a barrel of a handgun , point at she . zobrist that way . he gesture , to a passageway nearby . she look at the gun , then up at he . she comply , move around a corner and into a little - use hallway . in the hallway , they be alone , for the moment . sienna you fall from the pure faith . I do not . zobrist killing half the earth 's population be not the way to help it . stay out of my plan . sienna I be tired of people tell I I can not save the world . 96 . 9-20-13 continued : zobrist what you be carry be dangerous and uncontrollable . I want it back . now . she look at he . he be determine , and he 's armed . sienna I love you very much . she reach into she jacket pocket and pull out a object that look like a small inhaler . he frown . that be not the object he be look for . zobrist what do you think that be go to do ? she raise it to she lip -- sienna I think it 's go to kill you . -- and blows . Zobrist blink . a fine mist have go into he eye . his eye redden , he gasp , he drop to a knee and he throat swell so he can not speak . sienna ( cont would ) help ! she step out , into the main area of the terminal . sienna ( cont would ) this man be have a seizure ! someone , please help ! Zobrist collapse to the floor , people stream over to he , and sienna slip away , into the crowd , head for she flight . CUT to : int venetian apartment day see at a odd angle , early evening light slant through the window blind of a sparsely furnish apartment . we be in a Pov shot . we blink . langdon have just awaken , on a couch that be much too short for he . he blink again . 97 . 9-20-13 continued : Elizabeth sinskey lean over he and speak softly . dr . sinskey Professor langdon ? langdon recognize she as the woman from he vision , and all at once , the entire world seem to drop away from around langdon 's face , the couch disappear , the floor , everything just vanish -- langdon I remember . -- but langdon 's face remain as he entire background be replace , bit by bit , a memory return . there 's a tree behind he , then a building , the light change on he face and now he face change too , it 's clean -shaven , he hair all in place -- ext harvard quad day -- and he 's dress in he familiar Harris Tweed jacket , carry book and papers , look directly at someone as student and teachers cross in the background behind he . langdon yes ? he 's look at be Dr. sinskey , stand on the Harvard quad . dr . sinskey I be Dr. Elizabeth sinskey , from the World Health Organization . agent bruder be stand just behind she . the image jump , flicker , and suddenly we be in -- int langdon' apartment day -- langdon 's apartment , where he 's stand in front of a blank wall , where the faraday pointer be show the image of La mappa dell ' inferno that he see earlier . langdon stand close to it , study it , fascinate . see it of the first time . Dr. sinskey be just behind he . langdon why would he send you this ? sinskey he want I to see he ground zero . to bear witness to what he 's do . 98 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon turn from the map , have figure out the first clue . langdon we need to go to Florence . the image jump again -- ext sky day -- a private jet streak through the night sky -- int jet night -- and in the cabin of the jet , sinskey and langdon sit close in two seat at the back of the plane , compare note over a large printout of the mappa dell ' inferno . they be huddle deep in conversation , they head close . they connection be direct and intense . agent bruder , a few seat away , watch they . notice the connection . another image jump and we -- ext florence - library night -- whip over from the bell tower of the piazza vecchia , light up at night , to a table in a darken library . langdon and Dr. sinskey be bent over a text of Dante 's inferno , search for more clue . langdon be go on , in a voice we can not hear , spilling information as fast as he can . sinskey look up , interested in the man more than the message for a moment , he glance up too , catch she eye , and they both look back down . but it be a moment of contact . the image jump -- ext STREET - florence night -- and they be hurry through the street , hand lock together . suddenly two car screech to a halt in front of they , cut they off . agent bruder step up , try to pull a weapon , but armed men shout in italian , back he off . two of the armed Men grab langdon and drag he toward one of the car . Dr. sinskey hold on for a moment -- -- but they hand be pull apart . langdon look back , over he shoulder , he see Dr. sinskey , calling out to he -- dr . sinskey ROBERT ! 99 . 9-20-13 continued : -- but he 's shove in the back of the car . int car night langdon crane around , look out the back window , and see Dr. sinskey disappear into the distance . and in a swift , sudden cut -- int venice apartment day -- we go back to langdon 's face , in the present , in the apartment in Venice . it 's quiet again . his memory mostly restore , he sit up , look directly at Dr. sinskey . she return he gaze , sympathy and softness in she eye . langdon look around the room . he see agent bruder , and then Harry sim . langdon ( to sim ) who be you ? sim a facilitator . sim step forward , reach behind langdon 's right ear , and with a little tearing sound , he pull off the flesh - color tracking chip . langdon look at it , surprised , then up at sim . langdon I never have amnesia , do I ? not truly . sim no . you chemically induce memory loss be a desperation move by I and my organization . langdon and sienna brook be not a e.r. doctor . she be bertram Zobrist 's lover and he student . sim look at the other , then back at langdon . sim highest mark , Professor . langdon you turn . 100 . 9-20-13 continued : sim for two year , my organization have prevent Dr. sinskey from locating we client , Dr. Zobrist , or interfere with he research in any way . needless to say , we be unaware of the true nature of he work . until today . langdon what about sienna ? she be work for you ? sim Dr. brook approach we some time ago . she tell we of a rift between she and Zobrist , that he break off from she when she express serious concern about he intention . she do not mention a plague , but she tell we enough to alarm we . we agree to work with she to find Zobrist , but have no success . then Dr. sinskey bring you in . Dr. sinskey chime in . sinskey Robert , you and I be close to solving the puzzle Zobrist have leave , and find the location of he plague before it be release . but then -- she gesture to sim . sim we agent kidnap you and use benzodiazapene to clear you memory so we could create a fresh scenario whereby you would be invest in the idea of help we . a small incision be make to give you the impression of a head wound . I be tell the scar will be unremarkable . langdon be aghast , but sim ' utterly unapologetic manner be disarming . langdon there be no door lock in hospital room . it 's be bother I . 101 . 9-20-13 continued : sim as it should . the room be a fake . langdon what about the woman who shot Dr. marconi ? sim the gun fire blank , the doctor be a agent wear a blood packet . crude technique , but effective enough under the circumstance . langdon until sienna change you game . sim quite . langdon she do not want to stop Zobrist . she be the dangerous zealot , she 's the one even more fanatical than he be . she want to make sure he plague be release . Dr. sinskey sit next to he , she tone urgent . dr . sinskey then you must tell we at once , Professor . where be we go ? CUT to : int plane day on board a commercial flight , sienna make she way down the aisle to the bathroom at the front of the cabin . she step inside -- int plane - bathroom day -- and lock the door . she turn toward the mirror and remove she wig , as she do when we see she take it off the first time . again , she be careful with it , particularly when handle the pony tail . but this time we see why . she turn the wig over and undoe a small flap underneath the scalp , just above where the pony tail start . 102 . 9-20-13 continued : there be a compartment there . she slide she slender finger into the hollow space , get a hold of something , and pull it out . it 's a six inch tube , translucent , with a malevolent - look phosphorescent green substance inside . sienna admire it . she look up , into the mirror over the sink . her eye blaze . CUT to : ext istanbul night night have fall on the ancient byzantine capital of Istanbul . along the bank of the Sea of marmara , floodlight illuminate a skyline of glisten mosque and slender minaret . ext ataturk airport night a corporate jet taxi to a stop at a corner of the airfield . the door open and langdon , Dr. sinskey , Harry sim , and agent bruder get off , trail by several s.r.s. agent . they move quickly to several wait car . int sedan night langdon and Dr. sinskey get into the back seat of one of the car , the door slam , and they be move immediately . sinskey have a iPad open on she lap , and be read from it . langdon do you have any idea what it be , exactly ? I know we be deal with a pathogen , but -- sinskey Harry sim ' footage suggest it 's biological rather than chemical . whether it 's waterborne or airborne , we be not sure . either be possible . langdon and the underwater bag that 's contain it ? 103 . 9-20-13 continued : sinskey a substance call solublon . design to dissolve in water over a period of time and release the content . langdon how much time ? sinskey less than we would like , I be sure . ( read from the iPad ) it say here the hagia Sophia 's lower level be flood . that could be it . he nod , look out the window . he think a moment , then look back at she . langdon the time that I lose . the forty - eight hour I be with you . sinskey we will go first to dandolo 's tomb . langdon I have a feel I have lose something I would have prefer to remember . she keep she eye on the iPad . sinskey with luck , the sound of water should lead we from there . langdon do you hear what I - sinskey I hear . finally , she look up at he and take off she glass . langdon be I right ? sinskey you be . but I be afraid now that moment be go , and this one be upon we . she put she glass back on , and go back to she research on the ipad. 104 . 9-20-13 continued : sinskey ( cont would ) you be like no one I have ever meet , Robert . and that , apparently , be all that will be say on the matter . CUT to : ext hagia sophia night the car pull to a stop in front of the hagia Sophia , not so much a building as a mountain . the colossal silhouette appear to be a city unto itself -- its massive central dome stand atop a number of smaller dome , and four tower minaret rise from the corner of the building . the sedan screech to a stop in front of the building . langdon and Dr. sinskey get out of the first car , Harry sim and agent bruder get out of the next . bruder good God ... we be go to be search that ? there be several more car arrive too -- two more s.r.s. van from the w.h.o. , and a number of turkish police car . Word be spread , and panic be on the rise . they march toward the building , which only seem to get bigger as they approach . Dr. sinskey talk to langdon as they walk , never take she eye off the building . dr . sinskey Istanbul be where east meet west . during the Black death , they have another name for it . " the hub of the plague . " they walk faster . up ahead , a anxious - look man in white wait for they . he stride forward , to greet they , hold out he hand in great excitement . mirsat Professor langdon , my name be mirsat , I be the curator here . it be a honor to meet you . langdon the honor be mine , mirsat . they do not stop walk , so mirsat fall into stride with they . 105 . 9-20-13 continued : dr . sinskey we appreciate you willingness to take we inside after hour . TI can assure you it 's of the utmost importance . mirsat it be not a problem , for such honore guest . int hagia sophia day we be move , fast , toward a giant , bronze - plate portal -- the Imperial doorway . mirsat be talk excitedly as he lead they toward the door . mirsat in byzantine time , the Imperial doorway be reserve for the sole use of the emperor . tourist be not usually allow through it , but in honor of we special guest -- he gesture and two guard begin to haul open the enormous door . mirsat ( cont would ) allow I to present -- the door open and they step inside -- -- a colossal sanctuary . mirsat -- the eighth wonder of the world . the room be so vast it dwarf any cathedral we have ever see before . its golden dome tower 150 foot over the floor , and forty rib radiate outward from its central point , to a circular arcade of forty arched window . agent bruder be staggered . bruder Jesus . mirsat yes , and Allah and Muhammad too . he gesture to the main altar , where a tower mosaic of Jesus be flanke by two massive disc bear the Arabic name of Muhammad and Allah in ornate calligraphy . 106 . 9-20-13 continued : mirsat ( cont would ) May I ask , be there anywhere in particular you wish to begin you tour ? langdon we want to see the tomb of enrico dandolo . mirsat dandolo ? but he tomb be so very plain . dr . sinskey it be a emergency that involve the World Health Organization . mirsat stop and look at she . mirsat . but he 's already dead . langdon mirsat ? please ? mirsat gesture and lead on . int hagia sophia - dandolo' tomb night a inscription , carve in stone : henricus dandolo two palm place themselves flat on the stone , and langdon 's face lower slowly into frame . he murmur to himself . langdon " kneel within the gild museum of holy wisdom and place thine ear to the ground -- " he turn he head to the right and gently place he leave ear to the tomb , the stone cold on he flesh . langdon ( cont would ) " listen for the sound of trickle water -- follow deep into the sink palace . " he listen . 107 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon ( cont would ) I can hear water flow somewhere under the stone . where do it go ? mirsat look at langdon like he 's crazy . mirsat it 's just drainage . it go to the city cistern . Harry sim speak up . sim we be look for a large , underground space , perhaps with column , artificially light from within . mirsat yes , that 's it . the ancient cistern . quite impressive actually , it be build in the sixth century , it 's call yerebatan sarayi . langdon stiffen , he know enough turkish to know that word . langdon " the sink palace . " bruder take we there . CUT to : ext STREET - istanbul night mirsat lead langdon and the other through a narrow street behind the hagia Sophia . bruder be on he cell phone , talk fast . bruder I be go to need schematics of all conduit in and out of the cistern . run full isolation and containment protocol . we will need physical and chemical barrier along with vacuum -- they round a corner -- ext cistern - istanbul night -- and come to a squat , red-and - white brick building that have a single door open , revealing what look to be a stairwell . a crowd of well -dress people wait in line while a doorman control the flow of guest who be descend the stair . 108 . 9-20-13 continued : mirsat lead langdon and the other to the entrance at a run . bruder this be it ? the city 's water supply ? mirsat no , not anymore . it 's ancient . we have modernize . langdon but there be water down there ? mirsat yes . it just sit there , and eventually it filter down into the earth . Dr. sinskey see the well - dress crowd , do not understand . sinskey what be this people do here ? mirsat it 's a tourist attraction . langdon ( with horror ) a tourist attraction ? mirsat I believe a concert series this week . the acoustic be excellent . Rather stuffy and humid down there , but still draw quite a crowd . sinskey and bruder look at each other . dr . sinskey he create a bioaerosol . langdon meaning ? bruder it can go airborne . dr . sinskey if it 's airborne , it 's viral . Harry sim have stop next to a placard advertising the concert series . 109 . 9-20-13 continued : sim we have find the right place . they turn and look , and we move in fast on the poster . tonight 's concert : franz liszt the dante symphony CUT to : int CITY cistern night langdon and the other race down the stair and into the cistern 's lower depth , bump against the crowd of concert -goer who be already stream in ahead of they . langdon should we be wear mask ? dr . sinskey if it 's airborne , the whole city may already be infect . we include . bruder and if it be not , we can stop it . they reach a series of catwalk at the bottom that crisscross and press on , arrive in the subterranean cavern itself . the concert be a ongoing event , and the whole place resonate with the wail of voice , the pinch of string , and the deep roll of a timpani , which thunder through the grotto . langdon look out over the glassy sheet of dark , smooth water that make up the floor of the place . rising out of the water in seemingly endless row be hundred of thick doric column , each climb thirty foot to support the cavern 's vault ceiling . they be light from below by a series of individual red spotlight . langdon " blood-re water ... the lagoon that reflect no star . " he look to the leave . the concert itself be take place against a back wall of the cavern , hundred of spectator seat on a expanse of platform . bruder light ! 110 . 9-20-13 continued : two agent step up with a half dozen bright halogen light , they be pass out to the group and switch on . bruder ( cont would ) spread out ! the light will reflect off the bag in the water if you see it ! they start move to the right , at a jog , each shine they light in the clear water , search . the catwalk fork off in several direction , and soon they have divide up , some space between they , but still in shouting distance . up ahead , langdon be study the wall , search for some kind of clue that will guide he in the cavernous space . his light fall across a sign on one of the wall and he stop in he track , look at it . it have a arrow , point to the right , and a single word on it -- medusa . langdon here ! this way ! bruder and the other come at a run . langdon ( cont would ) Medusa . dr . sinskey the Greek spirit ? why ? langdon she be from a specific category of Greek spirit . chthonic monster . that 's enough for sinskey . they all take off at a run in that direction . Harry sim be impressed . sim so it be a word , then . and he follow they . int cistern - medusa statue night up ahead , a carve marble block rise out of the water -- the head of Medusa , she hair writhe with snake . 111 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon and the other arrive , breathless . langdon squint through the reddish haze that surround Medusa 's serpent - infest hair . half of she be submerge , but she eye be reveal , stare out across the water of the lagoon . dr . sinskey this be it ?! langdon I think so . Harry sim arrive , point down at the water . sim it 's this area , definitely ! the color , the column , it 's all just as in the video ! agent bruder slide beneath the railing and drop into the chest - deep water . the other two agent with he do the same and they fan out , they light pierce the water as they search for the sink bag . Dr. sinskey turn to langdon and sim . dr . sinskey you two spread out ! use the light ! the catwalk go off in the three different direction , surround the Medusa and move on beyond she , so each of they go they own way . with langdon , he move around the catwalk , to the back side of the Medusa statue . it 's darker on this side , much darker , and he be alone now , move further away from the other . langdon creep along , the distant strain of the concert play a forebode tune . langdon walk carefully , shine the light this way and that in the water , search , he light bounce crazily off the floor of the cistern -- -- and then off the wall -- -- past a figure in a alcove -- -- and then back off the surface of the water . langdon freeze . he see something , and so do we . 112 . 9-20-13 continued : he move he light up off the water , slowly , shine it back on the alcove . there be a figure there , shroud in dark shadow . it 's a person , huddle in a black burka , head bow . but as the figure feel the light on it , the head start to rise , and now two eye materialize , stare out through the narrow slit of the burka 's face cover , lock intently on langdon . two hand reach up and push back the hood . it 's sienna . sienna you be too late , Robert . langdon I do not think I be . what be in the bag in the water ? she take a step forward , onto the catwalk that divide they . sienna it 's a viral vector . it will modify the DNA of one in every three people it infect . langdon modify it to do what ? sienna it 's a sterility plague , Robert . it will render one - third of the planet infertile . langdon that 's monstrous . sienna it 's cowardly . but when combine with this -- she raise one hand , revealing something she hold in she right hand -- it 's the six inch tube we see on the airplane , the one fill with the green phosphorescent liquid . sienna ( cont would ) -- it 's the solution . she hold it out , over the water . 113 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon sienna ... sienna answer the hypothetical question , Robert . would you kill half the world in order to save it ? langdon you be a physician . you have dedicated you entire life to save life . sienna and I will go down in history as the woman who save the entire race . langdon this be not heroic . it 's play God . she take another step forward , she anger and intensity building , fanaticism in she eye . sienna in desperate time , there be no great sin than inaction . the darkest place in hell have be reserve for that who maintain they neutrality in - she suddenly gasp , and we can not imagine why , until we move around she , into profile , and see that -- -- Harry sim stand behind she , he right hand up at the base of she skull . he pull he hand back , revealing the rapier- thin stiletto with which he have just stab she , its blade shine red with blood in the flicker light . sienna drop to the floorboard , dead . sim be now directly face langdon , from just a few foot away , as_ he wipe the blade off on a handkerchief -- sim terribly sorry . do not see any other way . -- and slide it back into he wrist sheath with a satisfy leathery scrape . on the catwalk , 114 . 9-20-13 continued : sienna 's dead hand open , release she grip on the vile vial . the tube roll down the catwalk , head for the water , it just tip over the edge -- -- and langdon catch it . he look up at sim . sim ( cont would ) well do , you . int cistern - with bruder night nearby , in the cistern , agent bruder be still up to he chest in the harshly light red water . he 's stop , stare at something at he foot , he light train on it . bruder God in heaven ... we follow he line of vision down , to the surface of the water where he light play , and we keep move , into the water -- under the water , and on down , to where we can see the plaque on the floor of the cistern , the same plaque we see in Zobrist 's video , back in Harry sim ' office . the tether line rise up from the plaque , and at the end of the tether , where the solublon bag once float -- -- there be only shred . the shred move as a hand close around they , raise they up out of the water . back above the surface , agent bruder hold they up to the light , stare at they , aghast . he raise a cell phone to he ear . bruder ( cont would ) containment have fail . a voice come back at he over the line . voice ( 0.s. ) say again ? 115 . 9-20-13 continued : bruder the virus have be release . CUT to : ext cistern night a short time later , and the street outside the city cistern be now jamme with every kind of official vehicle and officer we can imagine . there be local police , interpol , the w.h.o. , team of emergency responder in hazmat suit -- it 's a mess . the concert - goer be be evacuate as quickly as possible , and there be much confusion and concern . nearby , Harry sim stand with langdon , Dr. sinskey , and agent bruder . Dr. sinskey be talk with a local official through a translator . bruder be on he cell phone , argue for something . langdon when do the bag rupture ? bruder ( into phone ) yes ! get he back ! , I will hold . ( cover the phone ) a while ago . five day , maybe six . Dr. sinskey turn to the other , from the official she 's be speak with . dr . sinskey he say the concert series have be go on for a week . ten of thousand of people have be through here , from all over the world . she and langdon look around at the disperse crowd . langdon Istanbul . the hub of the plague . sim so the date Zobrist put on the plaque -- today 's date -- dr . sinskey be not the day he mean to release it . it be the global saturation date . a mathematical projection of the date after which he virus will have propagate across the world and infect every individual . 116 . continued : sim we can not possibly know for sure that - 9-20-13 bruder finish he phone call , hang up and turn to the other . bruder that be a friend of mine who 's a top virologist at the cdc in Atlanta . he 's just confirm the presence of a extremely contagious and never - before- see pathogen . dr . sinskey how do you get he a sample so fast ? bruder he test he own blood , Elizabeth . it 's global . no one have a response to that . they watch as two e.c.d.c. worker in hazmat suit come out of the cistern , carry sienna 's phosphorescent green tube in a pair of tong between they . it be place in a foam -line crate mark with every imaginable biohazard symbol , and seal and lock . Dr. sinskey look back at langdon . dr . sinskey it appear we have save the world from a deadly plague . but what kind of world be it now ? ext airfield dawn CUT to : as the sun rise over Istanbul , sim , bruder , sinskey , and langdon walk toward a pair of private jet , they engine just warming up in the distance . langdon where will you go ? dr . sinskey back to geneva . if Zobrist 's mutation indeed work , then we have to get start on a cure immediately . langdon how will you do that ? 117 . 9-20-13 continued : dr . sinskey generate another gene-mutate virus , if possible . we will get the world 's best mind to work and correct this . Harry sim stop . sim I wonder . the other stop too , look at he . he do not want to continue . sim ( cont would ) you will think I appall . bruder I already think it . goon. sim if this be all true , it mean one - third of the world can never reproduce . it also mean the earth 's nightmarish population problem have be solve . even if we can put thing back the way , they be -- ( the tiniest shrug ) should we ? they just stare at he for a moment . only langdon manage a response . langdon you be sell humanity short , sir . we figure out we problem , we solve the puzzle life present we with , and we do it with the greatness of we collective mind . we always have . any other way -- be inhumane . sim smile and manage a tiny little bow of he head , unfailingly polite . sim as I say . appall . with a little wave , he turn and head off toward he jet , alone . agent bruder look at langdon and Dr. sinskey . bruder ( to langdon ) it be a honor , Professor . ( more ) 118 . 9-20-13 continued : bruder ( cont would ) ( to sinskey ) Doctor ? he turn toward the plane , clearly wait for she . the turbine start to spin louder . langdon and Dr. sinskey look at each other . langdon you will be in geneva , then . dr . sinskey yes . and you will return to Cambridge ? he nod . she reach out a hand , to shake . he take it . they hold on for a moment , look into each other ' eye , and then she take a step back from he , slowly pull she finger from he . they maintain contact as long as they possibly can -- -- and then they part . she walk to the plane , head down , hand deep in the pocket of she overcoat . langdon watch she go . CUT to : int museum day close on the death mask of Dante . once again , it reside in its glass case in the palazzo vecchio . it 's early , there be not many people in the museum yet . nearby , Robert langdon approach a museum guard . langdon " scusati , do you speak English ? guard yes ? langdon have you see marta , the guard who 's usually in this gallery ? guard marta be not here just now . she 's have she baby . 119 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon her baby ? that 's wonderful news . I be very happy for she . langdon turn to go , then turn back with a think . langdon ( cont would ) oh , and you might also tell someone the light over the Dante mask need to be turn on . you can barely see it . guard I be sorry , sir , the Dante mask be no longer here . it be steal . langdon really ? I be just look at it . he turn and walk away , leave it at that . behind he , the Guard look puzzle . stay with langdon , we see the Guard run over to the glass case in the background . he see the mask and start shout to anyone who will listen , blowing he whistle , make a happy ruckus . Robert langdon smile . CUT to : int langdon' apartment night a cardboard box have a return address in geneva . a scissors come into frame and slice open the flap . langdon be back in he apartment in Cambridge , seat in he favorite chair . there be a glass of scotch on the table beside he , and a open book on the table beside it . the box be on the ottoman in front of he . Inside , there 's a handwritten letter on top of some clothing . langdon unfold the letter . Dr. sinskey 's voice come over as he read it . dr . sinskey ( v.0 . ) dear Robert ... it appear we moment together will remain just that . only a moment , a steal one , before life tore we apart , like Dante and beatrice . 120 . 9-20-13 continued : langdon set aside the letter and start go through the content of the box . his jacket , the Harris Tweed that he love so much , be there , as be he pants and shoe . he smile . how thoughtful . Dr. sinskey 's voice continue : dr . sinskey ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I have long ago accustom myself to walk alone through this life . but there be one more thing in the box . at the bottom , wrap in bubble wrap , be langdon 's mickey mouse watch . langdon be delighted to see it again . he set aside the box , hold onto the watch . dr . sinskey ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) and in this overcrowded world , perhaps it be not such a bad thing to be alone . langdon strap the watch to he wrist . DR. sinskey ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I only wish you remember we brief time together as well as I do . but life must have its mystery . he pick up the letter , tuck it inside the book he be read -- dr . sinskey ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) even for you , Professor langdon . -- and close it . he will try not to think of she again . but he will fail . fade out .