infinitely polar bear by Maya forbe ext . countryside . day a man stride up a grassy hill . he be in he late -30s , clean - shaven with shaggy hair . he wear a well - cut tweed riding jacket , jodhpur and riding boot . he carry a large shillelagh which rest on he shoulder . this be cam stuart . he sing with gusto , a Civil War march song . cam .-- John Brown 's body lie a- moulder in the grave / John Brown 's body lie a-moulder in the grave John Brown 's body lie a-moulder in the grave his soul be march on / glory , glory hallelulah / glory , glory hallelulah ... at the top of the hill there be a boulder . it catch he eye and he cock he head , bemuse . laid out on the surface of the rock be a cheap fake beard . he look around . there be not a person or a building in sight . the tall grass bend in the wind . ext . hillside . day cam , now wear the fake beard , stand on the rock , gaze out imperiously . he take several deep breath through he nose , appreciate the fresh air . then he jump off the boulder and continue he song as he march down the hill . cam he 's go to be a soldier in the army of the Lord / he 's go to be a soldier in the army of the Lord / he 's go to be a soldier in the army of the Lord ... he disappear from view . a title card read : 1978 . int . child 's bedroom . night in the darkness , we hear : cam ( 0.s. ) Girls , wake up . wake up . a flashlight click on . it swing between two sleep child . two bi-racial girl be sprawle out asleep on they bed . amelia be ten ; faith be eight . cam shake they . waking . he pull they twisted cover off . cam rise and shine . they resist finally they sit up . they blink at he , disorient , shield they eye from the glare of the flashlight . cam ( cont 'd ) happy birthday , Amelia . Amelia turn on she bedside lamp . amelia it 's not my birthday . cam be dishevel and dirty , still wear the tweed riding jacket , jodhpur , riding boot and fake beard . wide , wet and burn . amelia you look ridiculous . why be you wear that beard ? cam do you like it ? faith no . cam then it 's history ! he rip off the beard and throw it to the floor . eye he warily . amelia where be you last night ? mommy be worried . faith you smell like mothball . cam good nose , faithie . this riding outfit belong to great - grandpapa . we be exactly the same size . cam admire the craftsmanship of the jacket . his eye be the girl cam hand-stitch by blind nun . amelia be not everything hand -stitch back then ? cam not by blind nun . faith where 's mommy ? cam sleep . shhh . faith collapse back onto she pillow , whimper . ext . hill . day cam , without the fake beard , march up the hill as the sun come up . his daughter hurry behind he , still half - asleep . they both wear sweater over they nightgown . he stop to look at the sunrise and take a long drag on he cigarette . cam it 's go to be one hell of a hot day . faith I be freezing . she look like she 's go to cry . cam take my jacket , faithie . I do not need it . be you cold , Amelia ? he put he jacket on faith . teeth chatter , Amelia shake she head no . cam pat she approvingly on the head . cam tough cookie . she smile with pride , shiver . ext . forest . day cam and the girl traipse through the wood , each one of they search for something on the ground . sunlight filter through the hundred - year - old tree . the air be hum and buzzing . it feel like summer . 4 . suddenly cam kneel by a rotten tree trunk . he give a sharp whistle . his daughter run to he . the ground be cover with bright orange chanterelle . they be beautiful . they seem to glow in the shade of the tall tree . the girl be mesmerize . faith I wish I have a gown that color . he hold out he hand and they each slap he five , laugh . int . house in the country - kitchen . day the chanterelle sizzle in a cast-iron pan . cam stir they gently , still wear the jodhpur but no jacket or shirt . he also wear a batter old gray fedora with a small freshly - pick flower stick in the band . a cigarette dangle from he lip . his gut hang out . a attractive African - american woman in she mid-30s lean against the kitchen counter . she wear a housecoat . she look tired . this be maggie . cam that 's what education should be about . hand - on , in the field . ( call loudly ) you girl be fierce mushroom - hunter ! maggie they be in bed . exhausted . cam it 's good for they to see the sunrise . they be too stick in they cozy little routine . maggie they be ten and eight . a long load silence . then : maggie ( cont 'd ) you have not be take you lithium . cam pick up the cast iron pan and slam it down hard on the burner . maggie jump and scream , startle . she turn and hurry away . cam God damn it ! int . house in the country - live room . day toy be scattered everywhere . a coffee table lie on its side . cam hold a pack of cigarettes in each hand . his face be enraged . maggie rush away from he . he follow she . the girl watch from the upstairs landing . cam my grandfather start the Harvard forestry School -- I be try to bestow some of he legacy to my child -- and you be hassling I about lithium ! maggie I be call Dr. wendell . cam step in front of she and smashes the phone out of the wall . he kick a zebra skin drum across the floor . maggie ( cont 'd ) we live in this house -- he jab he finger in she face . cam you be just like my parent . you want to keep I doped ! depress ! fat ! slow ! you have neuter I if you could ! maggie ( like speak to a child ) you parent let we live in this house on the condition that you remain stable -- cam to hell with the house then ! I be not go to let my goddamn parent use it as a choke chain ! maggie how could you not take it ?! how could you do that to we ?! he suddenly drop to he knee , maudlin and melodramatic and overcome with sincere emotion . he hold onto she housecoat . cam it kill I , maggie . the girl and I have a beautiful morning . it be magical . that do not happen when I take my lithium . ( more ) cam ( cont would ) do not you understand ? please tell I you understand . he look so desperate that she want to say she understand . but she can not . he react with another 180 - degree turn , back to anger . he pound the floor repeatedly . cam ( cont 'd ) you know what ? forget it . I be go to find someone who get it . who get I ! cam turn and rip open the front door . he march down the sloping lawn , swiftly and stiffly like a soldier . maggie run to the open door . maggie that 's just a excuse to get laid ! cam ( without look back ) it 's a chance to be understand ! maggie by get laid ! cam boo hoo hoo ! poor bourgeois maggie and she bourgeois monogamous fantasy ! ext . driveway . later maggie , wear a crochet dress and knee-high boot , throw garbage bag stuff with clothes and toy into the trunk of a pale blue saab . the two little girl watch they frantic mother . Amelia hold the entire '' Little House on the prairie '' series ; faith hug eight different barbie doll . cam appear at the end of the long driveway , riding he bicycle uphill . he be now wear a red speedo , thin -sole canvas tennis shoe , and a red bandana tie around he neck . it be a ridiculous get-up . when he see maggie , he start shouting . cam hey ! hey ! hold it , god damnit ! hold it ! maggie ( to she daughter ) get in , get in ! cam that be my car and that be my child ! feeble , maggie , pretty fuck feeble ! he pedal faster as maggie push she daughter into the car . she dive in after they , pull the door shut and lock all the door . int . saab . same time cam race up and crash he bike hard into the car . he and the bike go sprawling . maggie and the girl scream . maggie slide into the driver 's seat and fumble for the right key . she drop she key ring on the floor . cam circle the car , gesture wildly . he sound faraway through the glass but he be roaring . the girl stare at he . cam goddamnit , maggie ! I be aman ! I be aman ! Men like to screw ! that 's what we do ! maggie Amelia , faith . cover you ear . they do not . they watch in disbelief as cam pound he chest and roar unto the sky : cam ( cont 'd ) that 's why we have ball ! then he rip open the hood and reach into the engine . maggie find the right key , put it in the ignition and turn it . nothing . she turn it again . nothing . cam slam the hood down and grin through the windshield . he come around to she driver 's side window . his eye be bright and wet and insane . he hold the distributor cap . cam ( cont 'd ) I be never go to let you go . I love you all too much . both girl stare at he , completely still . cam look back at they and see they terrify face look out at he and he face change . a profoundly sad expression come over he . a expression of regret . cam I be sorry . he stagger backwards , put he hand in front of he face and sink to the driveway cross-legged . he do not move . int . saab . later maggie sit in the backseat , between the girl . faith be on she knee , braid she mother 's hair . Amelia look out the window . cam have not move . his bare shoulder be bett red . amelia he 's sit on the gravel and all he 's wear be a bathing suit . maggie sweetie , you father be very sick right now . he 's not himself . amelia he 's really sunburn . maggie listen . look at I . she do . maggie ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to tell you friend or teacher about any of this . we know you father 's a good person and he would never hurt we , but it 's hard for people to understand and it 's very sad . okay ? okay ? Amelia nod . ext . driveway . dusk two policeman lay a blanket over cam 's shoulder and help he into the back of they police car . cam be docile and do not resist . the girl watch from a upstairs bedroom . int . mclean hospital visiting room . day maggie and the girl sit side - by-side on the couch of the visit room of McLean Hospital . 9. Amelia be engross in '' watership down . '' faith be make two barbie doll kiss passionately and whisper . the room be pale green , fill with tranquil watercolor . a nurse hold the door open . cam enter . he move slowly and he be hunch over , bloat and slow . he have a shaggy beard . he wear a oversize stain t-shirt with a idiotic logo and sweatpant . his hand tremble . amelia / faith daddy ! they run to he and hug he around the waist . he pat they head with swollen hand . his speech be thick and slur . cam Little . Big Little . I love you letter . I be feel much better . they be disturb by he appearance . amelia you be ? faith you stomach be really big . cam that 's the medication they put I on . do not hurt . go on , hit it . he stand tall and stick he lithium gut out . they shake they head . cam come on . pound on it . he slap it again to show how hard it be . Amelia punch he half - heartedly in the stomach . he tense he muscle . cam ( cont 'd ) harder . let 's go . Amelia comply with a flurry of little fist . cam shuffles away from she . cam okay , okay . remember . never do that when Harry houdini 's not ready . that 's how they kill he . cam sit down across from maggie and indicate for the girl to climb into he lap . they do . he light a cigarette with unsteady hand and smile at maggie through the smoke . 10 . cam you be a sight for sore eye . maggie what happen to the clothes I bring you ? cam there be too many button on shirt . and ... ( search ) ... latch on pants . maggie how be you feel ? cam ( ruefully ) I feel great . maggie look concerned . maggie you seem better last week . be they adjust you medication ? cam yeah , they be try something new on I ... ( stand up ) I want to sit down . cam start shuffle around the room again . cam I want to sit down . I want to be home with my family . amelia you will , daddy ! cam smile at they . then , abruptly , he start to sing , stiffly . cam '' when daddy come march home again , hurrah hurrah ... we will give he a hearty welcome then , hurrah hurrah ... the man will cheer and the boy will shout , hurrah hurrah ... the lady they will all turn out , hurrah hurrah ... and we will all ... ( more ) 11 . cam ( cont would ) ( pause , re-set ) '' when daddy come march home again , hurrah hurrah ... he hold he arm out . the girl go to he and sing along . all four '' we will give he a hearty welcome then , hurrah hurrah ... the man will cheer and the boy will shout , hurrah hurrah , the lady they will all turn out , hurrah hurrah ... they sing continue over : ext . apartment complex . day two large brick apartment building face each other across a parking lot . it be a urban environment . int . apartment . day maggie and the girl look around a vacant two - bedroom apartment . it be clean and bright and sunny . maggie nod at the superintendent . Amelia look very worried . maggie go to the window and point , try to be upbeat . maggie look , girl . there 's a swim pool . it will be open in the summer . Amelia look out . in between the two match apartment building be a pool enclose by a chain link fence . next to the pool area be a concrete '' park '' area with metal picnic table . across from the building they be in be the other building , stare back at they . amelia daddy love swim . maggie do not respond . int . walden STREET apartment - kitchen / dine room . day maggie and the girl have move in . the apartment be clean and spare . marimekko print cover simple swedish furniture . the sunniest corner be full of hang plant . maggie have make it pleasant . 12 . maggie be in the kitchen cooking dinner . the girl sit at the dining room table . Amelia be do she math homework . faith wear a all - lavender outfit and she be carve a flower design into the antique mahogany table with the pointy handle of a fork . they pepper maggie with question and complaint . amelia the roof light come in we window at night and it 's too bright . I can not sleep . it 's bright as day . maggie ( 0.s. ) maybe I can make a curtain for you room . amelia mommy , they be huge security light . like you would see at a prison . maggie ( 0.s. ) Amelia , I also wish we could have stay out in the country , but there be no good job in sudbury . faith you job here be not good . maggie ( 0.s. ) I be go to find a better one . amelia why can not daddy live here with we ? faith I do not like visit he at the halfway house . maggie ( 0.s. ) you father be still recover from he breakdown . faith he 's a way better cook than you . in the kitchen maggie sigh heavily . 13. maggie Girls , let 's have a little quiet . a few moment of quiet . in the dine room Amelia watch as faith dig in to the table harder and with more determination . amelia daddy tell I they injected he with thorazine at the hospital and it make he bite the inside of he cheek until he mouth be fill with blood . beat . maggie ( 0.s. ) it 's still quiet time . amelia what 's thorazine ? maggie come out with two bowl of pasta and see what faith have be do . she drop the bowl down on the table and grab faith by the shoulder . maggie faith ! what be you do ? why would you do that ? why would you do that ? faith it 's a flower . it 's pretty . maggie sink into a dining room chair , lay she head on the table and sob . after a moment , the girl take they pasta bowl and start eat in silence . amelia now we be be quiet , mommy . faith yeah , mommy , now we be be quiet . ext . STREET . day it be raining . faith and Amelia , both wear backpack , walk down a urban sidewalk . they be five foot apart , not speak . they come to a corner . Amelia go straight and faith go right . 14 . ext . alley . day Amelia trudge alone down a alley . ext . desolate park . day Amelia cut through a public park . ext . vinyl - side house . day Amelia approach a three - story house . she ring the doorbell . she be drip wet . one of cam 's housemate answer the door . he have a unfriendly , suspicious manner and bad skin . amelia my father ... life here ? int . second -floor hallway . day Amelia pass a fidgety woman with a bowl haircut . she stop and stare at the close door to she father 's room . there be a home - make poster tape to the door which read : you say individual responsibility , I say we be not alone . also tape to the door be a National geographic picture of a gorilla . she knock . cam ( 0.s. ) yes ? she open the door . cam sit over the various part of a camera , unshaven with a cigarette in he mouth . he wear jeans and a green sweatshirt that say '' vermont '' . his room be fill with move box stack floor to ceiling . he stand , surprised to see he bedraggle daughter . cam darling ! poor little draggletail . he toss the cigarette into a styrofoam coffee cup and put it on a table with many other old half - fill cup with cigarette butt in they . he kneel down to hug she . cam I be go to make you some soup . he pick she up in he arm and carry she down the stair . 15 . int . halfway house kitchen . day Amelia 's clothes hang over the hiss radiator , drying off . cam stir soup on the stove . Amelia sit at the table wrap in a big towel . cam open a tin of biscuit and arrange they on a plate . cam what 's my plan ? my plan be ... get a job . that 's number one . Amelia nod she approval . cam I will get out of this halfway house and get my own apartment . then you girl can come for sleepover and I will make crepe for breakfast and dinner . Amelia nod she approval . cam and then I ’11l move back in with you and faith and mommy . that be , if mommy will have I . he hold the plate of biscuit out to she . she take one . amelia I feel like Lucy visit Mr. tumnus . cam smile , pleased . cam that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever say to I . amelia mommy say you have a drink problem . cam bristle , offended . cam most people I know drink far more than I do . amelia I think if you could stop drink and take you lithium then mommy would let you come home . 16 . cam ( sighing deeply ) I do not think mommy love I anymore . amelia but she say she love you ! cam really ? do she say it a lot ? amelia she always say she love you . but that it 's hard to live with you when you refuse to face up to you adult responsibility . cam ( frown ) do you think mommy should be confide in you like this ? amelia I do not know . cam the thing be I can see all this from mommy 's point of view . I certainly understand why she sleep with Jake beal after the walden Pond incident . sleep with will bronson be push it , but I still forgive she . amelia but mommy say you sleep with somebody in the hall closet during a party when I be eight month old . she say you start it . cam ( defensive ) I be manic . I be high as a kite when I do that . I never have a prolong affair like everybody else seem to do ! Amelia look down and reach for another biscuit . cam sigh , sorry and sad . cam do you still feel like Lucy visit Mr. tumnus ? 17 . amelia not really . int . maggie 's dreary office . day maggie stand at a large metal filing cabinet , organize color- code file . a square - shape woman in she 5as deposit a tall stack of file next to maggie 's head : carol . carol this too . the phone ring . maggie tense . carol tell you kid to stop call . this be a job . Carol trundle away . maggie answer , professionally . maggie hello , keller Brothers -- ( quietly ) faith , be it important , sweetie ? you can not call so much . they do not like it . no tv ... okay , one show -- two show and a movie , but please do not call again unless you have to . I love you . int . apartment . evening cam make dinner : crepe fill with cream chicken and spinach . faith set the table . Amelia play the piano . the front door key turn in the lock . faith mommy 's home ! maggie open the door and walk in with a bag of grocery . faith gesture to the table with a flourish . maggie nod , impressed , and then she see cam in the kitchen and react , surprised , but not unpleasantly . int . kitchen . continuous maggie join cam in the kitchen . maggie hello . 18 . cam hello . guess who show up on my doorstep today ? he nod toward Amelia . maggie put she grocery down . maggie how do she get there ? cam walk . maggie all the way from school ? he nod . they share a look of parental concern . then : cam I think we should find a therapist for she to talk to . maggie do you think that 's something you parent might pay for ? mine can not help anymore . cam I 'il ask they . maggie smile at he gratefully and unpack the grocery . they move around the tiny kitchen . in the live room , Amelia start play a jaunty version of '' the entertainer . '' cam she 's get good . ( call ) that sound great , Big Little ! ( to maggie ) how 's the job go ? maggie oh , the job . she hang she head . maggie I graduate from Sarah lawrence . I can not believe I be do this . maggie look sad and tired . cam put he arm around she and maggie lean into he shoulder . Amelia walk into the kitchen and put she arm around both parent , join they in this sweet moment . they smile down at she . then maggie deflate . 19 . maggie I forget the laundry -- amelia we will get it ! she push she parent together and run from the room . int . apartment build hallway . moment later the apartment door slam . Amelia and faith walk down the hall with a hamper . they look at each other hopefully . int . apartment build stair near laundry room . night Amelia and faith walk away from the laundry room with they hamper full of clothes . Three child be play card on the stair in the hall . kim , 10 , and ali , 8 , be Korean sister . also with they be thurgood , 12 , who be black and very tall , friendly and fey . kim hi. amelia / faith hi. kim I be Kim . this be Ali . this be thurgood . we live on the ninth floor . thurgood ( with a floppy wave ) hey there . amelia I be Amelia and this be faith . kim you guy go to lincoln ? amelia no . we go to peabody . Kim squint angrily . kim peabody be the best public school in the city . we be not in the peabody School district . 20 . thurgood put he hand to he mouth , mock afraid . thurgood ( sing song ) uh oh . somebody 's tell a big fat fib ! kim if you live here , you be suppose to go to lincoln . a school that be totally one hundred percent terrible . thurgood unless you like get you ' a' kick by irish kid . faith I do not want to get my ' a' kick . thurgood honey , nobody do . amelia well ... we go to peabody . as Amelia and faith struggle up the stair with they hamper : kim you do not get it . what you be do be illegal . and it 's not fair . it 's not at all fair . you guy be go to go to jail . Amelia and faith hurry away . faith look back . faith bye. int . apartment . night the family sit at the table , have finish the dinner cam make . Music play on the record player . amelia what if someone ask I where I live ? I do not want to lie . maggie peabody be the best public school in the city -- 21 . amelia I do not care . I do not want to lie . cam you be not lie , sweetheart . you mother be lie . maggie furrow she brow at he . faith I do not want to go to lincoln ! they say we be go to get beat up . cam do not worry , faithie . i’11 teach you how to fight . amelia what if my teacher find out I be lie ? maggie miss kendrick love you . you be she best student . faith ( wail ) they say we would get we ' a' kick by irish kid ! maggie you be not go to get you ' a' kick -- cam ( rile up ) -- you will be kick ' a '! amelia if you want we to go to the peabody School so bad , why do not we move into the peabody School district ? maggie we can not afford the peabody School district . we be lucky to have get a rent-controlled apartment . amelia but daddy 's family be so rich -- 22 . maggie ( lose it ) yes , but we have no money ! can you girl understand that ! we have no money ! I send out my resume and I get nothing ! I just spend my last twelve dollar ! you want to be poor and get a bad education ? the neighbor below bang very angrily on the ceiling . they all sit in silence . then : cam second , anyone ? faith hold out she plate . cam serve . maggie thank you , cam , for this delicious dinner . cam could be like this every night ... maggie stiffen . maggie that would be nice , but I need a husband , not a wife . cam I would like to be a husband but my wife will not let I . maggie Girls , go play in the lobby . faith but -- maggie go ! as they scurry out of the apartment : cam I be lonely , maggie . I do not want to move to some shitty apartment , I want to come home ! 23 . ext . hallway . night the girl listen at the door with concern as they parent continue to argue . maggie ( 0.s. ) I be lonely too , cam ! this , here , be lonely , but you have to show I that it will be different this time . bohemia be over -- a neighbor across the hall open the door and look annoyed . int . apartment . night maggie lay out three Business School application on the dining room table : Harvard , Columbia , wharton . ext . STREET . day cam be on a pay phone on mass Ave . he be leave a answer machine message . he wear a green polo shirt and madra short . he wear a Polaroid 250 around he neck . cam hi , maggie . it 's I . it 's a beautiful day . I be skulking around Harvard Square . anybody home ? pick up if you be there . he wait . no answer . he continue he message . cam just want to see ... int . restaurant phone booth . different day cam stand at a restaurant pay phone , leave another message . he wear a batter corduroy sportcoat . cam ..»- what you and the girl be up to . think we could go sailing . I think eliot Perkins would let I borrow he sailboat ... ext . STREET . different day cam be at a different pay phone , leave another message . he wear a three - piece suit . he wear the Polaroid 250 . 24 . cam ... or '' bring up baby '' be play at the Orson Welles and there 's also a buster keaton festival -- a loud beep . the machine hang up on he . cam hang up the phone and walk out alone into the bustling street . int . school hallway . day Amelia sit on a bench outside the principal 's Office , hugging she backpack , try not to cry . maggie exit the principal 's Office and sit down next to Amelia . amelia what would he say ? maggie ( lightly ) he say we be not in the peabody School district so you and faith have to go to lincoln . Amelia 's face crumple . amelia I be sorry , mommy . maggie hug Amelia to she . maggie do not apologize to I . please do not apologize to I -- amelia he ask where we live and I be not sure what to say -- maggie you do the right thing . I never want you to lie . amelia he say it be illegal what we be do . maggie I guess I be not think of it that way . I just want you to go to the best school . maggie sit back and wipe at Amelia 's tear . 25 . amelia what if faith get beat up and it 's all because of I ? maggie do not worry about faith . faith bite . Amelia laugh , then : amelia I love my teacher . maggie and she love you . she stop I in the hall and tell I ... ( she voice break ) she be so sorry . and she would miss you very much . Amelia nod and lean against she mother . int . live room . day cam enter with two pillowcase stuff with clothes . two sleep bag sit on the sofa . as cam pick up a teddy bear and stuff it in one of the pillowcase : cam sleep bag , pajamas , stuff animal , book , change of clothes , what be I forget ? maggie ( 0.s. ) toothbrush ? maggie enter from the kitchen with a tray . on it be a teapot and tea cup and butter toast on a plate . she put it on the table and pour it out , hand he a cup . cam I buy toothbrush they can keep at my apartment . and I take two big cardboard box and set they up like little bed . they be go to flip . maggie they be so excited . 26 . cam and during the day they can turn they over and use they as puppet theater . maggie you be go to have fun . cam now that I have my own place , maggie , I have be happy to pick they up any day and have they stay over . there 's room for you too ... beat . maggie do not reciprocate . cam just kid . not until you be ready . maggie cam , I get into business school . cam react , impressed . cam maggie Stuart , you be some punkin . I wish I have some of that bourgeois midwestern can-do . maggie I get a scholarship . to Columbia . cam be throw . cam wait . you can not take the girl to New York . maggie no . I can not even afford a studio apartment in New York . Jenny say she mother have a small room she can rent I . cam so what about the girl ? maggie here 's my proposal . I can get my degree in eighteen month if I do the summer session . so I go to New York . you move in here and take care of the girl . 27 . he look at she for a long beat . then : cam «-- I ? he take out a cigarette . maggie yes . you . you miss they . and they miss you so much . it 's just eighteen month . when I get my mba , I will get a job in Boston and move back in here . ( grip he arm ) I know it sound crazy , cam , but you can do it . I know you can . cam walk away from she , consider . cam I suppose it might be good for I to have a purpose -- maggie a routine . the doctor think that 's exactly what you need . cam yes . a routine . get meal on the table . take they to school every morning , put they to bed every night , make sure they brush they hair and they tooth ... the laundry . he look exhaust . cam that sound like a lot . maggie it be a lot . but we be sink deeper and deeper into a hole and I have to do something . cam the new school do feel a bit like a reformatory . maggie it 's grim . you and I go to good school , we have piano lesson -- cam look she nod . 28 . cam I never have any lesson . maggie but you learn how to fence and ski and sail and speak french ... cam but I never take lesson . my family teach I that thing . maggie the point be we both get a good education . and I want that for we child . cam well , I want that too . but eighteen month be a lot of routine . maggie you can do it . cam I can ? maggie I will come back every weekend and help you . at her. cam every weekend ? and stay here with we ? maggie yes . cam so it would be like we be a family again ? cam look off into the distance , a determine look on he face . he feel the importance of he mission . cam I be they father , after all . 29 . int . restaurant . day maggie sit across from murray and pauline stuart , cam 's parent . Murray wear a corduroy jacket with a pipe tuck into the pocket . pauline wear a red turtleneck with a large , elaborate jade necklace over it . pauline I be afraid we need to intervene on we son 's behalf and say : no . he 's just not up to the task . maggie I know he can do it . murray and what if he can not ? it 's a recipe for disaster . reveal that cam be also at the table . he take umbrage at he father 's remark as he light he mother 's cigarette . cam you do not seem to think I can do anything . pauline we just do not want you to tax yourself , darling boy . maggie we meet with Dr. wendell . he say cam have make a excellent recovery from he breakdown and he feel he could do this . cam he think I need more responsibility , not less . Murray look mystify . murray but you be a man . even if you could do it , why would you want to ? maggie he love to cook . he love to tell storey and play game . he 's a good father . I would never ask he if I do not believe he could do it . cam smile at she gratefully . he put he hand on hers . 30 . pauline we believe in he too , but what if he have a breakdown ? maggie he will not . because we be all go to support he and make sure he take he lithium . I / x11 check in every day on the phone and I will be there on the weekend . pauline that sound exhaust . murray be this because of feminism ? maggie we be live at the poverty level . the girl be at a terrible school . murray we child go to the best school and I will tell you , it do not add up to much . pauline ( turn on he ) we child be delightful ! murray absolutely . but not one of they be self - support . pauline well , Murray , lest you forget : neither be we . annoy , Murray pull the pipe out of he pocket and start to pack it . cam I think what maggie be do be quite admirable . murray I agree . very commendable . pauline but how do it get to this ? I think gaga be pay the rent on you little apartment . 31 . maggie she be . pauline it be not enough ? maggie no . pauline ( to Murray ) do not we have some crystal or some silver we could sell ? murray that will not even pay for this meal . pauline ( forcefully ) no no no . maggie Stuart , you can not leave you family . maggie pauline , I be desperate . utterly and completely desperate . we have no money . pauline look like she just eat something terrible . pauline I hate talk about '' money ! '' pauline always say the word '' money '' with extreme distaste . murray then let 's drop it . pauline ( lean in ) I wish we could help but we be barely get by on the dollop of cash gaga dole out to we ... murray pauline , please ! Murray turn he back on the table and aggressively puff on he pipe . this be uncomfortable for he . maggie cam be a trust fund baby with no trust fund . my parent have do all they can . one of we be go to have to earn a live . 32 . pauline look very sad . she pat maggie 's hand with genuine emotion . pauline oh , my dear , it all just sound so dreary ! ext . parking lot . day cam , wear jade swim trunk and a bright green shirt , be organize maggie 's suitcase in the back of a small U - haul . a nervous , skinny man in he 40s look on , bite he fingernails . he be peter . peter why do he keep re-arranging everything ? it be fine before . we need to go , maggie . we be head into miserable traffic . maggie nod . Peter get into the passenger seat . cam look toward he suspiciously . cam who be this wimp ? maggie Carol Webber 's cousin . he 's move to New York to live with he mother . I be lucky he 's split the cost of the truck . cam he 's make you drive ? cam seem unconvince . maggie hug Amelia and faith and try to be upbeat . maggie you can call I anytime day or night . and I be go to come home the weekend after next , so do not be too sad because you be go to see I before you know it . they nod . faith wipe away she tear . Amelia be stone - face . maggie Amelia , you have to brush you hair . faith , will you make sure you sister brushes she hair ? 33 . faith nod . Amelia shake she head . maggie you be go to have a lot of fun with daddy . Peter honk the horn . cam react angrily . cam hey ! maggie stand quickly . maggie cam -- cam ( be : Peter ) you be say goodbye to you daughter ! what kind of a cold - heart s.0o . B. honk the horn ? maggie please . I be about to spend five hour in very close quarter . cam sigh and nod . then : maggie cam , thank you . I know this be big . cam wear a stoic expression . cam I just wish I have not dress like a big green bug . maggie laugh . he wrap she up in a big hug . then the horn honk again . cam go. seriously . or I be go to kick the live shit out of this guy . maggie get into the driver 's seat . maggie I love you . I love you girl ! cam we love you too . 34 . the truck start up . it pull out into the street . they all stand wave . int . moving truck . moment later maggie wipe a tear away . Peter be oblivious . peter we will have to make a lot of stop , I have a very small bladder -- suddenly maggie be startle to see cam run full - speed alongside the truck . cam maggie ! take the wilbur Cross Parkway ! maggie be stick move forward in the flow of traffic . she do not know what to do . maggie the what ? cam remember , maggie ? we be go to Tom and Linda 's wedding and we think we have be late but I take the back road and we make it in the nick of time ? the wilbur Cross Parkway ! she 's look for a place to pull over . people behind she be honk now . maggie I do not know if I remember .... cam ( shouting ) at New Haven , shoot across 34 West to the wilbur Cross ! it become the merritt Parkway ! ext . STREET . continuous the truck keep move and cam can not keep up . he shout after they . cam you can avoid bridgeport and the tree be twice as green ! 35 . cam light a cigarette . he stare after the truck as it disappear from view . ext . parking lot . day cam walk back to he daughter who be still stand on the sidewalk where he leave they . faith be cry . Amelia be not let herself . he pick faith up and she put she head on he shoulder . as they walk toward the apartment building : cam who want ice cream for lunch ? ext . park . day the girl still look really sad while they eat they ice cream cone . cam watch they with concern . cam want to see a movie ? they shake they head . cam we could drive out to plum Island and look for sea glass ? they shake they head . cam we could go to the Museum of Fine Arts and look at great grandpapa 's portrait . amelia why be he portrait hang at the museum ? cam because a very important artist name John Singer sargent paint it . faith why ? cam ( indignant ) '' why ? '' do not you know who we be ? 36 . ext . beacon hill . day cam and the girl be in he fiat . the car be fill with trash : food wrapper , use napkin , empty container , orange peel , mail . they be park outside a large freestand mansion on beacon Hill . cam that 's where you great- grandmother grow up . faith in that whole house ? cam the whole thing . it 's the grandest house on beacon Hill . design by bulfinch , a very famous architect . amelia how do they get so rich ? cam railroad . you great-great - grandfather be once the richest man in Boston . amelia so how come we be so poor ? cam ...- well , all that money be put into a trust which be control by you great- grandmother . and she decide when to give who what . and ... it 's hard to explain . the girl stare at the house in awe . cam you want to see the inside ? they look excited and confuse . faith be we allow ? amelia you can not just walk up and knock on people 's door . 37 . cam ( tickle by she ignorance ) sweetheart ... this be Boston . they be practically expect we . int . entry hall . day the girl look around the grand entry hall , amaze . cam have a hand on each of they shoulder . a maid come in . maid Mr. fabrini will be out ina minute . cam ( to girl ) on the second floor be the parlor where they would have huge fancy dress ball ... they would lay thick canvas down to protect the wooden floor and it look like snow ... a man in he mid-40s come out of a study . this be mr. fabrini . he wear a business suit . he seem annoyed . mr . fabrini can I help you ? cam hello . my name be cam Stuart . my great- grandmother grow up in this house and I be wonder if I could show it to my daughter . it 's a important part of they family history . mr . fabrini I be sorry , Mr. Stuart . but this be my home . I do not give tour . the girl be mortify . they both start for the door , but cam hold they in place . he be defiant . cam this house be in my family for more than five generation . my great- great grandfather be bear in this house on box Day in 1842 . mr . fabrini and would you great- great - grandfather give tour to anyone who come along ? 38 . cam certainly . if they have a personal connection go back more than five generation . mr . fabrini then he 's a better man than I . cam ( point ) '' better man than I . '' the girl wince . int . fiat . moment later cam drive much too fast down storrow drive , weaving in and out of traffic . everyone be shouting . cam we be go back there again ! I be go back every day till he show you that house ! amelia slow down ! cam we family live there for more than a century for chrissake ! faith but it 's he house now and he do not want to show it to you ! amelia that be so embarrassing ! cam you should not be embarrassed ! he should be embarrassed ! faith / amelia no ! you should be embarrassed ! cam react as if they be speak a foreign language . cam I ? I be not embarrassed ! I be the eldest son of the eldest son of the richest man in the world ! 39 . int . elevator . night the family ride the elevator in silence . all three of they look furious . int . apartment . night the apartment be fill with box . Amelia be on the kitchen phone . faith be on the phone in the live room . they be both unhappy , talk low , as cam lurk about . faith we want you to come home . maggie ( 0.s. ) I ' 1l be home in twelve day ... amelia we want you to come home right now . maggie ( 0.s. ) this be a big adjustment -- amelia why be not you come home this Friday ? you say you have come home every single weekend . that 's what you say . int . maggie 's new york room . same time maggie stand in a grim little room with a bed and a desk and a bright overhead light . her suitcase surround she . you can hear loud traffic noise . maggie I have registration and orientation -- next weekend be really not that far away ... int . live room . morning cam be snore on the couch still wear the bright green shirt and jade swim trunk . the tv be on . faith stand over he , near tear , in she nightgown . faith daddy , wake up . daddy . we sleep too long and we be go to be late for school . 40 . cam open he eye and blink at she , disorient . int . hallway outside elevator . day a dishevel cam race down the hall and put he hand on the door of the elevator to keep it from close . in he other hand he have a box of cereal . cam Girls ! let 's move it ! on the elevator be a attractive woman professionally dress . this be becca . she wear a turtleneck sweater and big brown glass . she smile at cam . he smile back . cam you be maggie 's friend . I be cam . becca becca . Kyle 's mother . faith run onto the elevator . faith I hate be late for school . cam do not worry , bunchkin . you will not be late . cam hold out the box of cereal . faith reach in , grab a handful , stuff it in she mouth . cam ( call ) Amelia ! let 's go ! becca I just have to say : my ex-husband would never do what you be do . I think it be so evolve . cam puff up . cam you do ? tousled Amelia run onto the elevator . cam step on . becca absolutely . most man would be extremely emasculate have they wife go off to be the breadwinner . 41 . cam ( deflate ) oh. thanks . the elevator door close . ext . STREET . day cam run a red light at the intersection of huron Ave and Garden Street . the girl scream . ext . school . day he pull up with a screech in front of the school . the girl tumble out . as they sprint off : cam you want I to pick you up after school ? amelia / faith no ! he watch the girl run up the desert step of the school . cam I love you ! ext . parking lot . day cam have the hood of he car open . the girl walk up , wear they backpack , not talk to each other . cam you girl want to learn how to change a oil filter ? it 's pretty straightforward -- amelia / faith no . / not really . cam just do not be helpless . he shut the hood . a woman in she mid-50s be take many grocery bag out of she car . this be RUTH -ann mckay . cam who 's that ? 42 . amelia Ruth - Ann . faith please do not introduce yourself . cam why not ? faith because you talk too much and nobody want to talk to you . cam I be just be friendly . do not you want to know you neighbor ? we live in a world with other people . he approach Ruth - Ann . the girl follow . ruth-ann hello girl . amelia / faith hi. cam hi , cam Stuart -- Ruth - Ann shake hand warmly . ruth-ann yes , maggie tell I . welcome to 205 . Ruth - Ann mckay . cam can we help you with you bag ? ruth-ann ( grateful ) be you kid ? as they pick up the bag : cam see , girl ? people appreciate a little kindness . that 's all I be talk about . 43 . int . apartment hallway . night cam carry three bag and the girl each struggle to carry one down the hall to Ruth - Ann 's apartment . she unlock she door and start take the bag from they . cam do you need we to help you put they away ? ruth-ann no , this be fine . just put the bag down . cam be you sure ? we be happy to do it . ruth-ann no , this have be so helpful . thank you . cam you need anything move ? a desk or something like that ? ruth-ann no I be happy with where my desk be ... she start to close the door . cam sometimes mixing up a arrangement freshen a space -- ruth-ann no , thank you . I have to start dinner . so if you 'il excuse I . cam you need anything chop ? a onion ? ruth-ann no . I be not use onion tonight . she close the door in he face . faith what be wrong with you ? 44 , amelia you make she slam the door in you face . cam ( oblivious ) she have to go cook dinner . faith she have to get rid of you ! cam get off my case ! I be just be a good neighbor ! amelia you be a annoying neighbor . people be go to see you and run in the other direction ! cam no , they be go to run toward I ! because I be go to make sure they know that I be the kind of guy who 's willing to move heavy furniture ! or clean out a storage locker ! ( yell ) because I be a good neighbor ! he storm off down the hallway . ten stride later . cam this be bullshit ! he go into the stairwell and slam the door . int . dine area . night they sit at the dining table , eat in angry silence . then : beat . cam I learn to cook this on a norwegian steamship head down the amazon . amelia when do you do that ? cam summer after I get kick out of Harvard . 45 . amelia I think you get kick out of Exeter . cam I get kick out of both . for very different reason ... the girl 's interest be pique . int . girl 's bedroom . night cam sit in the read chair . the girl be in they bed , listen intently to they father 's story . faith have curler in she hair and a net over they . cam I be on my way to my ec 10 exam and I hear this bag-pipe music so I follow the sound into the Square and a street musician be play Scottish ballad and he 's get he hat out . people be walk by and put money in it and I think that 's a good idea . so I put my hat out and sit next to he and I start sing along in my best Scottish brogue and he tell I to scram . amelia because he do not ask you to sing and he want to make all the money . cam exactly . well , we exchange a few word and then ... the bastard jump I ! this scrawny little guy and he jump I ! we get into a major brawl on top of the bag pipe and I get so excited I shit my pants . amelia / faith ew ! cam laugh . cam needless to say , I do not make the exam . 46 . amelia and they kick you out for miss one exam ? cam well ... then the next semester I register for seventy - five course . he chuckle . cam that 's when they determine I might not be Harvard material . CUT to : both girl be asleep , breathe steadily . the clock tick . cam get up from he chair and turn out the light . int . live room . night cam walk into the live room of the apartment , which be now full of all he box . he stare at they . cam open a box . it be fill with magazine , piece of paper , phone book , tool , cord . it be completely disorganize . he blink at it . it fill he with despair . int . kitchen . night dirty dish be pile in the sink and all over the counter . cam stare at it in despair . int . hallway . day the laundry hamper be overflow , dirty clothes pile halfway up the wall . cam stare at it in despair . int . front door . night cam grab he coat and scarf from the coat-stand . cam ( loudly ) Girls , I be go out for a couple of hour . you get some good rest . i‘1l be back before midnight ... no answer from the sleep girl . 47 . cam ... or after midnight . Love you ! he open the door , close it quietly behind he . ext . parking lot . night cam step out into the cool air . he take a deep breath , light a cigarette , and head out into the night . int . dive bar . night a bar full of aging professor , shaggy poet and intense poetess . cam sit at the bar , drink a can of beer . he have a animated conversation with two friend . one wear a bow-tie , horn -rimm glass and a tweed jacket ; the other wear a grimy coat and rag hat . the homeless - look friend laugh , revealing no front tooth . cam gesture to the bartender , indicate another round . int . apartment build hallway . night cam , drunk and smoking , walk down the long hall to the corner apartment . he take out he key and open the door . but it stop ; the chain - lock have be fastened . all the light in the apartment be on . cam ( piss off ) oh , shit . he knock . cam unchain the door , please . Amelia come run from the live room , crazy -haire , wield a baseball bat . amelia where do you go ? cam unchain the fuck door . amelia we wake up and you be go . faith be really scared . 48 . cam grow more irritate . cam do not use the chain . anyone who really want to come in will not be stop by this dinky chain . as she unchain it : amelia it stop you . as he enter : cam I do not really want to come in . int . apartment . night cam stumble in and Amelia hold up the telephone receiver , triumphant . amelia mommy 's on the phone . cam ( bitterly ) thank you . thanks a lot . he reluctantly take the telephone from she . she walk down the hall to she bedroom . cam ( to phone ) hello . ( beat ) everything 's fine , maggie . nobody be hurt . ( beat ) I tell they I be go out , but they be sleep ! should I wake they up every time I want to go out ? int . girl 's bedroom . night Amelia sit down on the bed next to faith . faith she 's go to know he 's do a bad job . 49 , amelia he 's drunk . faith do you think it 's good for mommy to know that ? Amelia shrug . amelia she 's come home a week early . faith gasp with excitement and hug she sister tight . int . bathroom . night cam open the medicine chest and take out he enormous bottle of lithium . he stare at it for a long time . ext . school . day the fiat pull up in front of the school . Children be filing in . the girl jump out of the car . before Amelia slam the door : cam remember , girl . mommy 's come Friday . let 's make the apartment nice for she . amelia you have to unpack you box . cam ( lighting a cigarette ) I be just say , we all need to pitch in -- both girl look bratty and piss - off . amelia but they be you box ... faith we do not know what to do with they ... amelia we do not ask you to clean up we room ... cam can not handle the onslaught of attitude . 50 . cam fuck it , forget it . have a nice fuck day . cam put the fiat in gear and zoom off , way too fast . the girl watch he go , stunne and self - conscious , know that the other kid hear . int . apartment . day cam look at all the box . the place be a disaster . he go to the window and look out . it be a beautiful day . cam sigh . CUT to : the record player cam drop the needle on olatunje 's drum of Passion . a heavy rhythmic beat fill the room as he open up the first box and pull out a rusted old machete . int . apartment . later the girl enter the apartment . they can not believe they eye . it be spic and span . a large new bookshelf line the front hall . they jump up and down like crazy . faith / amelia daddy ! daddy ! daddy ! daddy ! cam enter from he bedroom . he wear a grimy , oil -stain jumpsuit . the girl throw themselves into he arm . cam pretty good , right ? faith it 's beautiful . we love it ! cam just do not look in my bedroom . the girl hurry to he bedroom . 51 . int . cam' bedroom . moment later cam 's room look like a garage . large industrial metal shelf house paint-thinner , spray paint can , motor oil , etc . stack of mail and magazine cover the desk and there be clothes all over the bed . Amelia point at the bed . amelia be that a machete ? faith we will keep this door close ... she close the door . int . apartment . night spirit be high . Amelia clear the dining room table . faith wash the dish and cam dry and put the dish away . they sing a World War ii march song . all three Hitler ! have only get one ball ... goer ! have two but very small ... himmler ! have something sim'lar ... but josef goebel have no ball at all ... ext . train station . night cam and the girl stand on the platform as the train pull in to the Station . cam be try to untangle some of the massive snarl in Amelia 's hair . maggie get off at the far end . the girl take off , run for she . maggie drop she suitcase and drop to she knee and hold they tight . cam walk toward they , smile . he hold a bunch of orange gerberas . she accept they and kiss he on the cheek . she kiss both girl on the head . he pick up she suitcase and they walk down the platform . the girl skip alongside , hold they mother 's hand , happy to be all together . int . apartment . day the family bustles into the apartment . maggie stop dead when she see how cozy and warm it be . she look at they with amazement . the girl be gleeful . 52 . maggie who build this shelf ? amelia daddy . cam look modest but he be burst with pride . cam they be just shelf . ext . park . day faith and Amelia play on the monkey bar . cam and maggie sit on a bench . maggie look happy . maggie it be hard to come this weekend . I be so glad I do . I think this be just what you need , cam ! I think this be go to be a great thing for we . he smile at she and take she hand . she smile back at he . they sit hold hand as they watch the girl play . CUT to : undoing the apartment montage cam lay out a bunch of newspaper on the live room floor and go to work , take apart a old phone . he walk away from the tool and part of the disassembled phone and it never move . CUT to : the girl come in with a large hamper of laundry . they dump it on the sofa and start fold it , but then they run off and it stay where it be . CUT to : the family sit in the live room eat dinner in front of the television . a large roll of paper towel that be sit on the coffee table be knock over and roll to the floor , leave a long trail of paper towel . nobody pick it up . CUT to : 53. cam lie on the sofa , drink a beer and watch television . his head rest on the pile of clean laundry . Amelia and faith roller skate around the room . CUT to : the phone part have be push under the piano bench to make room for cam 's bicycle , which stand upside down as he fix the brake mechanism . he put he glass down on top of the piano , in front of a large model ship . the top of the piano be now fill with dirty glass , beer can and empty yogurt container with spoon stick out of they . CUT to : cam sit down in he armchair and start taping wide silver duct tape over a large tear in the arm . pull back on the live room . nothing have be pick up or put away . it be a disaster . CUT to : faith stare miserably at the stack of dirty dish in the kitchen sink . int . apartment . night cam sit in he armchair . the tv be on . he be try to brush the snarl out of Amelia 's hair . amelia ow ! daddy ! cam sorry . amelia ow ! cam this be what happen when you do not brush you hair for two week . faith march out of the kitchen , furious . faith daddy , if you be not go to do the dish , then I be do they . cam blink at she . it be a odd threat . he shrug . 54 . cam okay . faith march into the kitchen . a cupboard open and slam shut . he turn he attention back to Amelia 's hair . amelia you be hurt I ! I x11 do it ! she turn and rip the brush from he hand . cam Fine . you do it . Amelia stomp away to the bedroom . second later faith march back to the live room with a sponge hold between two finger . faith where be the sponge ? cam become immediately stern . cam what 's wrong with that sponge ? faith it smell ! cam then do not smell it ! faith my hand stink just from touch it ! cam that 's because someone leave it soaking in the dishwater ! I keep tell you girl , it need to be rinse and squeeze when you be through with it ! faith you bring it from you old apartment ! it 's probably five year old ! it 's disgusting ! cam we be not the kind of people who throw perfectly useful thing away ! faith you will not throw anything away ! 55 . cam that be a perfectly good sponge with plenty of life leave in it ! faith throw the sponge at he . faith Fine ! then you do the dish ! cam Fine ! I will ! with this sponge ! faith run away . the downstairs neighbor pound on the ceiling . cam angrily pound back . int . apartment . night maggie , wear she coat and hold she suitcase , stare with dismay at the wreckage of the apartment . cam we lose some momentum , but we ’1ll get it back . ( beat ) I do get a new sponge . ( point , to the girl ) even though I wash the old one with soap and it smell fine . int . apartment . day maggie , wear yellow rubber glove and she hair tie back , clean furiously . cam and the girl make pile . int . apartment . night Amelia help she mother make she bed on the sofa . faith practice she pirouettes . amelia faith and I think of the perfect job for daddy . a crepe cart in Harvard Square . like they have in Paris . maggie and cam look at each other , amused . maggie you do make the best crepe . 56 . cam and I do love stand outside in January , freezing my ass off for penny . maggie laugh . faith we be work on the menu . maggie I like chocolate and coconut . faith we have that ! she do a dramatic pirouette . her parent laugh . int . live room . night it be late . maggie sit up in she bed on the sofa , sewing a button on a little girl 's sweater . cam sit at the other end of the sofa . the girl have go to bed . cam be feel sorry for himself . cam .-- and the building be pack with single mother who be always check in with each other and get together for coffee but do any of they ever ask how I be do ? do they ever invite I for coffee ? I be pretty sure they all get together for wine and cheese two night ago . maggie have to bite she lip to keep from laugh . maggie I be sorry , it 's not funny . cam ( smile ) it be funny . it 's pathetic . I 'ma pathetic whiner . which be probably why they do not invite I . maggie they be leery of man , that 's all . especially marry man with child . 57 . cam I be not exactly a marry man . ( beat ) be i? maggie well . we be a family . cam slide he hand up she leg . she shift away . cam so be this really how we be go to do it ? you come every weekend and take up residence on the sofa ? maggie for now . cam come on , maggie . we have not sleep together since before my breakdown -- he lean forward and kiss she , but after a moment she roll off the sofa and move away from he . he chase after she , playful , flirt . maggie I do not know what will happen , cam . I just want to get through this period . can not we see how it go ? as he attempt to unbutton she top : cam and what happen at the end ? you move back in here and what happen to we ? where do I go ? maggie I want you to be the person we all know you can be . it will take steady , sustained effort . you can do it , cam . if you want to do it . he put he hand on she breast . cam sexy , sexy answer . she laugh at he unrelent flirtation . maggie honest , honest answer . 58 . cam so what be this ? some big test ? maggie do not think of it like that . you hate test -- cam not if this be on the test ... he kiss she . this time she kiss he back . int . apartment hallway . night the girl stand outside the close door to cam 's bedroom , listen and whisper to each other . faith be they have sex ? amelia I think maybe . the girl celebrate silently . then they hear raise voice : maggie ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , cam . I just can not make promise right now -- cam ( 0.s . ) what a bunch of baloney . you must think I be the biggest sucker on the planet . the girl scurry into they room as cam 's bedroom door be rip open . cam walk out , pull he shirt on . he grab he coat . he exit . maggie run after he . maggie be you take you lithium ? cam oh , shit . lithium do not stop you from feel lonely and unappreciate . enjoy you sofa . the front door slam . 59 . int . live room . night maggie lie on she bed on the sofa . Amelia walk up to she . maggie lift the cover and Amelia get under the blanket next to she mother . amelia when you and daddy meet at wgbh , be he the way he be now ? maggie ( delicately ) in some way . he be funny . compassionate . he know everything about the outdoors . he have a job , which be good for he . he be a terrific lighting designer . but in the end , it be too much pressure ... I do not understand about the manic-depression . besides , everyone be have nervous breakdown in the 60 , so I do not realize what a big deal it be . amelia you be probably sorry you marry he . maggie no. never . Amelia snuggle in closer . amelia you know , he 's not usually so angry like he just be . we yell at he way more than he yell at we . this information be not comforting to maggie . ext . STREET . day a cold winter day in a run-down part of somerville , Massachusetts . cam lean over the engine of a dent and rusty plymouth valiant , gunmetal gray with white patch . he wear a grimy green parka with a gray three - piece suit poke out underneath . he wear nice leather shoe . a cigarette hang out of he mouth . his hair be comb . he shut the hood . 60 . Amelia and faith watch apprehensively . Amelia wear a parka over white tight . her snarly hair be pull back in two barrettes . faith wear a long wool coat and have she hair neatly comb under a velvet headband . cam cross to the driver 's side , get in and turn the car on , revs the engine . CHRIS , the unfriendly man sell the car , do not even try to give a spiel . CHRIS like I say in the ad , it run . cam look around the interior of the car . CHRIS there 's be some wear and tear on the seat . a large flap of vinyl hang down revealing the foam underneath . in the front and the back . cam get in , girl , see what you think . Chris open the back door and the unhappy girl start to climb in . amelia there 's no floor ! CHRIS it 's a little rusted . do not step on it . Amelia and faith look at each other , sink . they slide onto the backseat without step on the floor . cam lean through the back door and look at the floor well , which be a rusty hole with rag rusted edge . cam no floor ? that 's dangerous . I have two small child . i'11 give you three hundred and you deal with the fiat . he point to the fiat which now have a break driver side window that 's be tape up with plastic and duct tape . int . valiant . day as the valiant pull away , Amelia kneel on the backseat and wave out the back window . 61 . amelia Goodbye , fiat ! Goodbye , fiat ! cam honk the horn in rapid succession for a cheerful , triumphant goodbye . they drive out into the street . faith sit down and open a '' harper 's bazaar '' but Amelia stay kneel on the seat , look out the back window . her eye fill with tear . faith daddy , Amelia 's cry . amelia you always cry . faith look out the window , a angry expression on she face . faith not anymore . I vow never to cry again . cam look in the rear-view mirror with concern . cam my little stoic ? what 's wrong , darling ? ma petite pamplemousse ? the tear roll down Amelia 's face and she can not wipe they away fast enough . amelia it 's just ... what 's go to happen to the fiat ? nobody 's go to want it . faith I think you be cry because this car suck . Amelia shake she head and say in a small voice : amelia that car suck too . she watch as the fiat get smaller and smaller and then they turn a corner and it 's go . int . valiant . day the girl lie across the backseat , lean against either door , huddle beneath a old army blanket . they wear hat . 62 . faith have the '' harper 's bazaar '' magazine on she chest and Amelia hold a book call '' turn you dream into a small Business '' . they be both mesmerize at the sight of the highway rush by through the rusty hole in the floor . ext . weston estate . day the valiant turn onto a long driveway and drive past a enormous lawn and a large weep willow and a unattach four car garage and park in the circle in front of the house , behind a maroon bentley . int . dine room . day a regal old lady sit at the head of a long mahogany table , a little silver bell by she water glass . she be 92 and of another era , extremely patrician . she wear a long -sleeve black dress , pearl and a blonde wig that look like hair swirl into a bun . this be gaga . cam be at the foot and the girl be in the middle . the table could sit twelve . a butler bring around a silver bowl of mashed potato . faith spoon a huge amount onto she plate next to the roast beef and the peas . the butler continue around the table . gaga I propose a game of crazy eight after lunch . faith yeah ! gaga we do not say ' yeah , 's dear . we say ' yes . 's cam thank you , gaga . they mother keep fight that battle . gaga and how be they mother ? cam she 's well . she 's be home every weekend . but she have final so she stay in New York to study . we be muddle through without she . ( to the butler ) ( more ) 63 . cam ( cont would ) tell Betty the roast beef be divine . the butler nod silently and disappear to the kitchen . gaga do you girl think it 's unusual that you mother be in New York ? amelia she want to have more career opportunity . faith mommy say woman can do anything . gaga she 's quite a '' striver , '' be not she ? that hang in the air for the moment . cam we prefer the word '' fighter . '' faith ( point ) be that a painting of grandma paulie when she be little ? gaga yes . and it 's pronounce ( very patrician ) ' paulie . 's faith polly . gaga paulie . faith ( try hard ) polly . polly . gaga she 's not a parrot ! faith polly . Amelia think she 's get it . amelia polly ! 64 . gaga ( frustrated ) paulie . pauline . the little girl be really try but they be unable to hear the distinction . amelia polly . faith polline . gaga what be the world come to ? faith be fiercely concentrate . she say with extreme self - consciousness in a faux british accent : faith ' Paul - ie . 's gaga yes ! int . live room . later the girl sit at a game table play card with gaga . cam enter , wear he parka , carry two large ancient cookie sheet under he arm and a large roll of duct tape . cam I be go out to work on the car . as gaga shuffles the card : gaga the girl tell I it have no floor . cam it have no floor . ( hold up cookie sheet ) I find this in you kitchen vault . Betty say I could have they . faith Cookie sheet ? cam you will not be able to step on they , but it 's 1ll keep out the cold air and detritus . 65 . Amelia sigh and shake she head . gaga cam , I be very proud of you for take care of this darling girl all by yourself . I mostly use the lincoln this day . I would like you to have the bentley . the girl scream and leap to they foot like lottery winner . int . bentley . moment later Amelia and faith be scramble all over it , touch everything . they push every button . they run they hand over the smooth wood . they rest they cheek against the leather and inhale . Amelia sit in the driver 's seat and wave through the windshield at she father , who be outside , look at the car with apprehension , smoking a cigarette . int . live room . moment later gaga look extremely displease , both hand on she cane . cam stand across from she , hand in he pocket . cam we live in a rent-controlled apartment . gaga I know that . I pay you rent . cam and we be very grateful -- gaga piffle . it 's dirt - cheap . cam the point be ... I can not afford to take care of the bentley . I can not even afford to fill up its gas tank . gaga if you be ask I for gas money -- cam I be not ask for gas money , gaga . cam suddenly become nervous , uneasy . this be hard for he . 66 . cam the girl be both phenomenal student ... they be not be challenge . if you really want to help , I think they would flourish in private school . beat . she scowl at he . gaga I do not think that 's teach the girl a very good lesson , do you ? cam look confuse , then resign : cam I suppose not . gaga take he hand in a attempt to be supportive : gaga we all believe in you , cameron . we know it 's not too late for you to amount to something . int . valiant . night they drive home in silence . the girl pout in the back seat . cam Girls , look . I be sorry we can not take the bentley . it just do not make sense . I know it 's disappoint . they do not respond . then , in a coldly rational voice : amelia you should have take it and then sell it and buy the crepe cart and then you could have make lot of money and we would not be so poor . cam sweetie , although crepe may be delicious , they be not exactly the goldmine you think they be . especially during a recession . amelia well , then we could have sell the bentley and just have some money . 67 . cam ( sighing ) gaga would never let I sell that car . amelia but she be give it to you . cam that 's not how it work . it 's hard to explain . beat . faith it be we one chance to have something that other people might want . nobody want what we have . they ride on in silence . ext . train station . day maggie walk out of the station , with cam and the girl . cam carry she suitcase . the girl brim over with excitement . amelia we have a surprise for you . they can not contain themselves . they run to the valiant . maggie slow as she approach the car . Inside , a dog be bark like mad and scramble back and forth over the seat . cam whistle and when the dog see he , he start whining and wag he tail , scratch at the window . faith that 's jock ! that 's we dog ! amelia daddy get he for we ! faith Amelia name he ! maggie why be he act like that ? amelia he be abuse by he last owner . so any time daddy leave he he get really upset . 68 . faith because he love daddy ! because daddy save he ! as cam put the suitcase in the trunk : cam we be work on it . maggie look unenthusiastic . maggie and this be the new car ? cam it be abuse by its last owner . but daddy save it ! cam open the passenger side door for she , with a flourish . jock streak out and tear down the sidewalk , go after another dog who be on a leash . cam and the girl race after he . cam jock ! no ! bad dog ! jock ! it be chaos . ext . raymond park . day bundle up , the family kick a soccer ball around . jock run between they . some distance away Kim and Ali watch from the swing . cam see they . cam do not that little girl live in we building ? amelia yes . but they be really mean . cam ( amused ) mean ? they be wear identical pink parkas . how mean can they be ? ( call ) hey ! hey ! he wave at they to come over . hesitant , they do . 69 . ext . raymond park . later maggie sit on a bench with faith in she lap . cam play a spirite soccer game with all the little kid in the park . the ball come toward cam , who be smoking . he throw down he cigarette and dodge a kid , then pass the ball to Kim , then pick up he cigarette again when the ball be go . int . apartment build hallway . night the girl both hold onto jock 's leash as they walk toward the apartment . cam and maggie follow behind . cam they seem like nice kid . you should have they over sometime . both girl scowl at he over they shoulder . amelia no way . faith I would rather die than have people over to we shithole . the girl take off run down the hall . cam look exhaust . maggie look at he ; he shrug , beleaguere . cam they crush my soul . ext . apartment build . day spring . the early crocus be come up . int . apartment . night the apartment be a disaster . Art material lie all over the table . Amelia bang out a song on the piano and sing at the top of she lung while faith do a dramatic dance . they be both in they nightgown . amelia '' here we come , here we come , we be the pirate , and we be go to make you swab the deck ... " 70 . cam ( 0.s . ) ( call from the kitchen ) faithie-bear , could you clean you stuff off the dining room table ? faith ( twirling ) I be busy . cam emerge from the kitchen , a mixing bowl in he arm . he be whisk something and wear a utilitarian apron . cam dinner will be ready soon . it would be awfully nice to have a place to sit down and eat it . faith later ! cam watch , frustrated . cam now . now . she keep dance . suddenly cam explode , hurling the BOWL at the wall . cam now ! both girl be startle out of they musical reverie . then faith explode : faith you be so mean ! I be not you servant ! cam no ! I be the goddamn servant ! all I do be cook for you and drive you around and tend to you every need ... he watch , furious , as she stomp by he . cam ...- you treat I like a goddamn may ! cam turn off the stove . grab he overcoat and scarf . cam I have get to get out of here . 71 . Amelia jump up from the piano and get in he way . amelia we do not have a babysitter . cam you do not need a babysitter . amelia but it 's night - time . we get scared . faith get scared . cam look for he key , wallet . cam you need to toughen up . what be there to be scared of ? wolf ? vampire ? amelia rapist . cam shake he head and put on he coat . cam if a rapist knock , do not let he in . amelia what if they force they way in ? that 's what rapist do ! cam just kick he in the ball ! Amelia run to block the door . jock start bark and jump around . amelia ( panicked ) no , daddy . do not go . Amelia drop to the ground and grab cam 's leg . cam I do not get it . you never want to be see with I , you will not have you friend over , you will not let I talk to people -- I can not take it anymore ! I need to spend time with adult , not a bunch of bossy brat ! unhand my foot ! 72 . cam leave the apartment , slamm the door behind he . the dog bark constantly . int . hallway . night cam steam down the hall . punch the elevator button . wait at the elevator , he pull a pack of cigarettes from he pocket . he look up . at the end of the hall he daughter stand in they nightgown and look at he silently , mournfully . the elevator door open . we can still hear the dog bark . he give they the finger . charge onto the elevator . int . elevator . night cam be agitate . he run he hand through he hair . he punch the wall . int . lobby . night Ruth - Ann wait for the elevator . the door open to reveal cam , sit deject on the floor . she hesitates . ruth-ann go up ? cam ( defeat ) I guess so . int . hallway . night cam walk back down the hall to the apartment . he unlock the door , but the chain be up . it stop he . he sigh with frustration , then hurl he shoulder into the door , busting the chain and send the door smash open . the girl scream , alarmed , and jump to they foot . Amelia hold a baseball bat , faith hold a cricket bat . then they see it 's he . int . apartment . continuous cam walk in . as he light a cigarette : 73 . cam ( worn-down ) you see , girl ? that chain be worthless . the only thing it provide be a false sense of security , and that 's the last thing you girl need . he hug they and they hug he back . amelia we will be brave , daddy , I promise . next time we will be brave . he nod and head back toward the kitchen . CUT to : cam clean up the bowl and its content that be spill all over the wall and floor . CUT to : cam replace the chain on the door with a deadbolt lock . int . apartment . night cam lie on the sofa , watch tv , drink a beer , smoking . he flip through the channel . he finish the beer and crumple it . it join four other crumpled can . he reach for another . he look depressed . int . valiant . day cam , rumple and low -energy , sit behind the wheel . the girl sit in the back seat . as maggie get in the car , she see that cam have a huge bandage that cover he entire hand and forearm . it look like a giant q-tip . maggie cam , what happen ? cam what ? oh. break up a dog fight . stupid . ( beat ) we have to give jock away . 74 . ext . apartment build . day the swim pool be be fill . all the kid in the building stand outside the chain link fence watch with excitement . int . valiant . day cam , still low -energy , wait in the car . maggie open the door . the bandage on he hand be go . maggie the girl do not want to come ? cam it get old . int . apartment . day maggie carry she suitcase over to the sofa in the live room . she survey the messy room , which now have a mini - trampoline in the middle of the rug . she stare at the mini - trampoline , incredulous . faith run in . faith look what we find in the trash ! faith happily start jump up and down on it , do split in the air . int . kitchen . day cam stand at the open fridge , stare into it , uninspired . Amelia and faith , wear bathing suit , charge into the kitchen full of energy . Amelia grab bread , peanut butter , jam and milk . faith hop up on the counter and pull down two glass , two plate . Amelia slap together two sandwich and faith pour two glass of milk . the girl leave the kitchen , each gingerly carry a plate and a very full glass of milk . cam still stare into the fridge . ext . train station . day cam wait in the car double - park . he be drive a red Toyota station wagon with one gray door . maggie be confuse as she get into the car . maggie what happen to the valiant ? 75 . cam do not I tell you ? it catch on fire . ext . apartment build . day the swim pool be be drain . Amelia , faith , Kim , Ali and thurgood stand outside the chain link fence with they bicycle , watch sadly as a tarp be pull over it . after a few moment , they hop on they bike and pedal away . ext . STREET . day September . Amelia and faith walk to school in a large and lively group of child , all wear big backpack . int . live room . day cam sit in he red armchair , watch tv , smoking . he be unshaven and unkempt . he wear tube sock , a red smoking jacket and tight tennis short . Amelia march in and tape a sign on the tv screen that read '' smoking suck and then you die ! '' faith tape one underneath with a picture of a big black lung that say : '' dead smoker 's actual lung ! '' cam stare blankly at the sign tape to the television . he do not stop smoking . then : cam I be depressed . Amelia sit down on the floor and start tie she sneaker . amelia of course you be . you family give you just barely enough money to live on , you can not hold down a job , and you annoy people . cam you leave out my hemorrhoid . faith ( to Amelia ) where be you go ? amelia out . I be meeting Kim and Ali . faith can I come ? 76 . amelia ( half -heart ) I guess . cam can I come ? amelia / faith ( outrage ) no! God ! we be go to hang out with we friend ! cam how come you never invite you friend over here ? faith to this shithole ? cam stop say that . faith daddy , you can not hang around with kid . it 's weird . amelia we need to have we own life . and you need you own life -- cam how be I suppose to have my own life when you will not let I do anything -- they leave , slamm the door . int . hallway . moment later Amelia and faith wait by the elevator . cam open the apartment door and stand at the end of the hall , look at they mournfully . they be both furious . they look away . they look back . he be still stare at they . they exchange a look . they be pain by he misery . finally , they relent : amelia Fine . we be hang out at the picnic table . the elevator door open . the girl get on . 77 . ext . concrete park . day Kim , Ali and thurgood sit at the metal picnic table . faith and Amelia be across from they . Amelia have she tarot card and she be do a tarot read . she flip a card . amelia the death card . kim do that mean I be go to die ? amelia not necessarily ... cam stand at the end of the table , digging stuff out of he pocket , look for match . cam any of you kid get a light ? Amelia and faith shoot he a wither look . Amelia start gather she tarot card . amelia ( to Kim ) can we finish this at you apartment ? kim we parent do not want we to have anyone over . we just get a new sectional . Amelia look at thurgood who shake he head . thurgood my older brother be study for law school -- he freak out if there 's kid noise . cam you be all welcome to come over to we apartment ... faith and Amelia look at each other , furious . they both glare at he . amelia cam , can we speak to you for a minute ? faith and Amelia pull he aside , away from the other kid . cam look uneasy . 78 . amelia I be about to lose my shit . we say you could come hang out with we . we do not say you could invite people into the apartment . cam but I think it could be fun -- amelia no. not fun . humiliate . faith do we need to spell it out for you ? cam but I 'il make tea for everybody . and cinnamon toast . we have get lot of board game -- amelia ( hiss ) we do not want people to see how we live ! cam ( explode ) Big deal how you live ! it 's not you fault ! tell they you dad 's manic- depressive or bi-polar or whatever they be call it this day ! do not not have friend because of I ! the girl be throw by this outburst . cam slump . cam fuck it . forget it . never mind . he turn and walk back to the building , defeat . faith and Amelia look at each other , consider . int . apartment build hallway . day Amelia and faith stand outside they apartment with thurgood , Kim and Ali . Amelia take she key from around she neck . amelia I be warning you . you have never see anything like this . thurgood I have be to messy house before . 79 . faith raise she eyebrow . faith not like this . amelia ( whisper ) I 'il run and close daddy 's door . faith nod . Amelia open the door and dart in . faith block the doorway . int . apartment —- cam 's bedroom . day cam sit at he desk . a radio have be pull apart and he be solder a circuit board . his room look like a bomb explode . Amelia poke she head in the door . amelia we bring some friend over . cam blink , surprised . cam really ? Amelia nod and close the door . int . apartment . day Amelia and faith stand in the middle of the squalor with thurgood , Kim and Ali , who seem stunne by the mess . kim why do you have so much stuff ? faith ( with authority ) we dad be totally polar - bear . amelia ( to faith , correct ) bi-polar . ( to the rest , explain ) manic-depressive . thurgood I have a uncle with that . he also life like a pig . 80 . kim hey ! this be cool ! Kim happily bounce on the mini-trampoline in the middle of all the squalor . CUT to : the child fill the live room : Amelia , faith and Ali play roulette . thurgood sit cross-legged on the mini-trampoline , bounce gently and stare at the album cover of '' guy and doll . '' Kim examine a old wooden cane . she pull the handle and a sword come out . she be totally amaze . cam emerge from the kitchen with a teapot and a plate of cinnamon toast point . he serve they all toast and refill they teacup . cam have never seem happier . cam would anyone like to learn how to make chocolate truffle from scratch ? thurgood I ! he leap to he foot and follow cam into the kitchen . ext . hillside . day cam come into view , stride up the hill , whack at the tall grasses with he machete . behind he , the child begin to appear ; they march behind he , fan out on either side , talk and laugh : Amelia , faith , Kim , Ali , thurgood , and three other kid from school . ext . wood . later the gang of child spread out , search the ground for mushroom and play . CUT to : 81. the child sit on a fall tree trunk , watch , as cam demonstrate on Amelia how to twist someone 's arm behind they back . Amelia grab he arm and do it to he . CUT to : cam cram the kid into the Toyota . he lay the boy down in the way back like cord wood . the engine turn over twice and start . the car be weigh down and drag in the back as cam drive slowly down the dirt road . int . kitchen . day Amelia watch as maggie frost a birthday cake . maggie start to pipe '' happy birthday faith '' in white icing on the top . amelia I do not think I be black . maggie of course you be black . amelia but I look white . maggie sweetie , you be black . amelia faith look black . I look like daddy . maggie you be a mix of both of we . amelia nobody think I be black . when I tell they . nobody think I look like you . maggie Amelia , I be black . you mother be black . so you be black . maggie run out of space on the cake , halfway through '' faith . '' maggie damn it . she throw down the pastry bag . Amelia feel guilty . 82 . amelia you know , you and daddy could go out to dinner some time . we do not need a babysitter . maggie you do not ? Amelia shake she head . amelia we use to get scared , but we be not scared anymore . maggie put she hand on Amelia 's head and look at she . maggie you have get so old . amelia ( smile ) if it make you feel better , I 'il tell people I be black . even if they think I be delusional . ext . STREET . night cam and maggie walk to a restaurant . they be both nicely dress , wear scarve and overcoat . maggie I think the last time we be at legal seafood , faith pull shrimp scampi all over my silk blouse . cam you be so sad . maggie it be my best shirt . cam that be the same dinner where she trundle across the room and punch I right in the nut . maggie ( laugh ) you be so sad . he nod , laugh . 83. maggie Amelia tell I she do not think she 's black . cam what ? her mother 's black . she 's just testing you , be feisty . she smile at he with real gratitude . she link she arm through he . maggie she also say they be not scared anymore . the girl seem to be ina really good place . cam no kid . Amelia beat up the class bully last week . kicked he so hard in the knee she put he on crutch . maggie wow . cam I feel quite proud . maggie you seem good too , cam . cam so do you . well whaddaya know . maggie I will be so happy when I get a job and I be back here . thanks for make it possible . maggie smile at cam . he pull she closer . cam stop sleep on the sofa . let 's sleep in a bed together . maggie laugh but do not pull away . maggie cam , I can not go in you room . cam why not ? 84. maggie it 's beyond belief . you have three bicycle in there . cam look flabbergasted . cam that 's you reason ? maggie yes ! there be can of paint thin -- and the last time I go in there I get motor oil on my skirt . I mean it 's ... it 's ridiculous . cam then i’1l clean it up . maggie laugh , teasing he . maggie that would be nice . it would make it more invite . cam you never say anything about this before . maggie I be do nag you to clean you room , you be a grow man and it 's you room . cam and my room be not invite to you ? maggie ( amused ) no ! not to I or anybody else . probably not even to you . cam laugh , good - naturedly . cam definitely not to I . I be clean it up . it ’1ll take I two day top . you will see . it will bea thing of beauty . they walk on . 85 . int . financial firm . day maggie sit in a wait room , professionally dress , completely pull together . across from she sit three handsome 24 - year - old white man . suit , tie , polished shoe . they be talk , laugh . young man 1 ...of course I know Jim quincy ! we be in the delphic together at Harvard ... I actually win this belt off he -- receptionist maggie Stuart ? maggie stand . the young man look at she like she 's a curiosity . int . plush office . day maggie sit across from three fifty - year- old version of the young man in the wait room . maggie .-. I be graduate at the top of my class and I have actually be offer a future job at e.f. hutton in New York , but Howard and company be where I want to be . businessman 1 e.f. hutton , that 's terrific . why come back to Boston ? maggie my child be here -- beat . they eye glaze over . maggie instantly regret mention she child . businessman 1 ( politely ) and how old be you child ? maggie twelve and ten . very independent . which allow I to come in early and work late -- 86 . businessman 1 ( smile ) thank you so much . we will let you know . the man stand up , signal the end of the meeting . int . financial firm . day as maggie walk past three young man in they nice suit and tie , she understand she prospect . ext . STREET . day maggie wait on a corner in downtown Boston . she look cold and unhappy . she look up the street and see the red Toyota wildly back down the one - way street . irate driver honk at cam . he stop in front of she . she get into the car . int . toyota . continuous cam how would the interview go ? maggie put on a upbeat front . maggie really well I think ! I know a lot of people be vie for this position , but I think I be very qualified . and I have get some more interview . cam any one of this place would be lucky to have you . she smile at he gratefully . int . cam ’'s bedroom . day cam stand in the middle of he messy bedroom , pull excess book off the shelf and put they in a box . he come across the collect poem of Robert frost . he open the book . he sit down on the edge of the bed , read . Amelia call from the kitchen : 87. amelia ( 0.s. ) daddy , do I add more butter for each omelette ? as cam turn the page : cam ( yell ) half a tablespoon and make sure you let it get nut - brown . faith step into the doorway . she be festoon with gold and pink ribbon wrap around she arm and upper torso . faith do you start my costume ? cam ... what costume ? faith you know . my flamenco dancer costume for the talent show . you be make I a skirt . beat . cam right . faith ( concerned ) daddy , it 's tomorrow . cam ( lamely ) right . I know . faith I know it ! you be not make it . cam I be make it . I say I would make it and I will . faith can you even sew ? cam hey , I be in the army . faith I want it to be all sparkly and ruffly . 88 . cam you get it , buggin . faith clap she hand and excitedly break into she stomping flamenco dance . the neighbor below bang on the ceiling . int . apartment . night cam open a closet door and haul maggie 's sewing machine off the top shelf . CUT to : dining room table . cam sit in front of the sewing machine , a cigarette dangle from he lip . he study faith 's flamenco doll . cam I just have to make this skirt , two hundred time bigger . CUT to : he draw a pattern on the pink satin fabric . he cut out the pattern , smoking all the while . a huge amount of ash drop on the fabric . he do not notice . CUT to : he push the fabric through the sewing machine . this way . that way . the table be cover with dirty coffee cup . his ashtray overflow with cigarette butt . he screw up a seam . cam goddamnit ! I can not do it ! I can not fuck do it ! he yank the fabric out of the sewing machine , throw it on the floor , jump on it , pick it up , throw it at the wall , it flutter to the floor . this only fuel he rage . he spastically grab it , cross to the open window and hurl out the unfinish skirt . he push he hair back , look around wild - eye and crazy . ext . apartment build . night he wade through a bush to retrieve the skirt . 89 . int . apartment . night cam have return to work on the skirt . he sew a ruffle on . he turn to the flamenco doll . cam you skirt be a joke compare to what this skirt be go to look like . cam downs the last of a cup of coffee , crack open a beer and take a swig . int . live room . night cam stand at the open window , drink a beer . he pick up the phone and dial . maggie ( 0.s. ) ( sleepily ) .-- hello ? cam ( into phone ) guess what I do ? intercut with maggie she turn on she bedside lamp and sit up , try to orient herself . maggie cam ... it 's almost four in the morning . cam examine the skirt with pride . cam I just make you daughter a incredible skirt . sparkle , ruffle ... it 's probably my great achievement since I rebuilt the engine to my dad 's studebaker in college . maggie that 's terrific , cam . you should probably get some sleep . cam I do not want to sleep . 90 . maggie but you must be tired -- cam but I be not tired . maggie sit up . maggie cam , you know how important sleep be to -- cam come on , maggie ! name I one other father in America who be up right now sewing they daughter a flamenco skirt ! maggie cam ... you be take you lithium ... be not you ? beat. cam actually , I have not take my lithium since you leave . maggie hang she head . cam I find that if I take small , steady sip of beer throughout the day , it keep I on a even keel ... he take a long , loud , defiant sip of he beer . cam abhh ... maggie look stricken . int . apartment . morning cam sit on the floor surround by bit of fabric . faith manage to squeeze into the very beautiful and way too tight skirt . it be so tight all the way down , she can barely move she leg . she finally get it on and stare down at it . she wiggle to make the ruffle move . then : faith I look like a flamenco mermaid ! 91 . she hop over to cam , throw she arm around he neck and say dramatically : faith it 's the most glorious skirt I have ever know ! ext . station . same day maggie walk out of the train station . cam be double - park . he wear he batter corduroy jacket and a Oxford shirt . maggie get in the car , close the door . int . toyota station wagon . continuous they sit in silence . cam I be not manic . maggie but you could be . cam I be excited . people be allow to get excited when they can not sew worth a damn and they manage to pull off a flamenco skirt that get they daughter the second - most applause at the talent show . int . restaurant . day a tony Boston restaurant . the lunch crowd be well - dress . cam and maggie cross to sit down at the bar . cam be angry . maggie you promise to take you lithium . cam and you promise to love I for better or for worse . the maitre d' hurry over to they . maitre d' Excuse I , sir . but we dress code require you to wear a tie ... without miss a beat , cam pull a untied bowtie out of he jacket pocket . as he tie it without look : 92 . cam let I say one thing about lithium - - no one even know if it work . same go for haldol , valproic acid , and all they other so-called treatment . I be just a guinea pig . and you never would have know I would stop take it if I have not tell you . I be a idiot . a fuck self - destructive fuckhead . his bowtie be perfectly tie . the maitre d' nod and quickly retreat from this conversation . maggie cam , you say you would take responsibility for you condition -- cam the way you have take responsibility for you child ? maggie that 's not fair . you know how hard this be for I . cam I know , I know , it be hard to come every weekend ... maggie no ! it be not hard to come , it be not hard to come ... tear suddenly roll down maggie 's face . cam be startle . maggie ... it be hard to leave . every weekend . and have people think I be the worst mother in the world because I want my child to have a better life and I do not see any other way to get it . you be from a old blue-blood family . when you live in squalor , it 's '' eccentric . '' when black people live in squalor , believe I , no one be charme . cam be quiet for a moment as that sink in . cam if it 's any consolation , no one seem charme by my squalor either . ( more ) 93 . cam ( cont would ) ( beat ) I have not make any headway on my bedroom . maggie look at he and nod , resign . then : maggie I be go to take the e.f. hutton job . in New York . it 's my only offer . cam New York ? maggie , I can not keep do this all by myself -- she put she hand on he arm . maggie I be not ask you to . you have do a amazing job . it 's time for I to take the girl . cam react . cam you be take the girl to New York ? but what about I and you ? what about we ? maggie look away . she be anguish . cam seethes . cam I know it . I know it . maggie there 's so much I love about you , cam . and I do not want to give up on you . but I just ... I can not . cam so be you even try to get a job here ? or be this you plan all along ? maggie no ! my plan be to come home and maybe I have be with you and maybe I would not , but we have still be a family . but none of that matter . this Boston firm do not want I . cam why do not they want you ? 94 , she look at he for a beat . maggie because , cam , this be Boston . they want people like you . this hit cam like a ton of brick . his face harden . cam you want a job in Boston ? i’1l get you a job in Boston ! cam stand and storm out of the restaurant . int . dickan office . day dick , 40 , sit behind a large oak desk with a view onto the financial district . he wear a suit and tie . he be tall , handsome and athletic . the wall be hang with picture of sailboat . cam sit across from he . cam be agitate . dick you look well , cam . everything good down you way ? cam not really , dickie . no. dick sorry to hear that -- cam as you know , maggie 's just get she mba . dick I hear . good for she . cam I be wonder why there be not a place for she here . it be a family firm , after all . Dick sigh and look sorry . dick well , cam , I wish there be . but we just do not have the position at the moment . cam so you be tell I that when dickie Jr and ... the other one ... ( more ) 95 . cam ( cont would ) graduate from college , they will not land here ? dick sumner . that 's my other son -- cam God damn it , dickie ! I know how it work ! you create the position ! dick I have to say , cam , this be why we never invite you to the Christmas party . cam I do not give a shit about you Christmas party . I want you to hire my wife . she work fifty thousand time harder than any of you ! Dick get up from the desk . dick I be afraid I have to ask you to leave . cam do you have any idea how hard it be ? do you have any idea what sacrifice she 's make ? she need a job here ! in Boston ! cam pick up a model sailboat and hurl it at the wall . dick cam ! stop it ! snap out of it ! cam pick up a chair and throw it at the bookcase , which come down . Dick tackle he to the floor . CUT to : two security officer escort cam out . Dick put he hand on cam 's shoulder . dick just so you know , I will not tell gaga about this . cam look at he , resign . 96 . int . apartment . night maggie sit on the sofa , fold laundry . the front door open . she hear cam walk down the hall to the bathroom . maggie cam ? cam ? int . apartment bathroom . night cam stand at the sink , fill a glass of water . he be soaking wet from head to toe . maggie come to the doorway of the bathroom . she be startle by he appearance . maggie why be you wet ? cam do not look at she . he take out he bottle of lithium . cam Girls asleep ? she nod . he empty three large pill into he hand . cam faith show you she skirt ? maggie yes . it 's beautiful . cam swallow the pill with the full glass of water . he close the medicine cabinet and sigh . cam I could not get you a job in Boston . as he walk past she into he bedroom : cam I jump in the Charles River . int . apartment cam 's bedroom . continuous his bedroom be a pit . cam sit down on he bed , among the pile of clothes . cam I be just go to miss they be all . maggie nod , with great sympathy . maggie I know . 97 . she exit , gently close the door . cam look around at he room , the manifestation of failure . int . ice cream parlor . day Amelia and faith sit at a round table , ice cream sundae in front of they . maggie and cam sit across . amelia be not New York really expensive ? where be we go to live ? maggie I will find a apartment in a very safe neighborhood . faith where will we go to school ? maggie I ' 1ll figure that out . amelia we can not ride bike in New York . maggie you can ride you bike when you come here . amelia what about daddy ? who 's go to take care of he ? maggie daddy will take care of himself . cam I will go to dinner party , movie , I will have escapade . faith and Amelia look disapprove . amelia I think escapade be a bad idea . he could end up in jail . faith if we be not here , he 'il drink too much and stop take care of himself . 98 . cam that 's not true . amelia he ’1ll be lonely without we . cam well , that 's true . maggie take care of you alone have be a lot of pressure for you father . amelia how ? we get to school ... faith .-- he drive we anywhere we want to go ... amelia ... we have see more r-rate movie than any of we friend ... faith ... plus he make we french toast for dinner . maggie he need a break . amelia when I have the flu , he cut up strawberry and kiwis for I . and he arrange they on the plate like little flower . maggie look at cam . he shrug modestly . cam I do do that . I do that . maggie daddy will visit and you 'il visit he . New York be a incredible city . you will like it . I promise . amelia ( shaking she head ) what a crock . maggie be speechless . cam nod at she . 99 . cam get use to it . ext . concrete park . day a hibachi engulf in flame . pull back to reveal : cam grill shishkebabs by the metal picnic table . though it be a chilly day , he wear denim overall , a stripe denim workshirt and a denim cap . the girl play chinese jumprope with Kim and Ali at the other end of the park . maggie sit at the picnic table , near cam , watch she daughter play with they friend . thurgood run into the park area and stop in front of cam . thurgood you have be work on the railroad . cam all the live - long day . thurgood laugh and run off to join the other kid . maggie smile . cam stare into the fire . cam I can not visit you in New York . too much speed and noise and all the people out on the street all night . wind I up . knock I off track . maggie ( nod ) I be just think about that . cam I do understand why you do not want to live with I . I be a much better father than I be a husband . maggie you know what faith say to I last night ? she say : '' you do not lose you temper like daddy and you keep the apartment nice , but the thing about daddy be he 's always around . he 's always there . '' cam I think that irritate they . 100 . he reach through the flame and turn the shishkebabs with long metal tong . maggie stare off . then she take a deep breath . maggie I have a plan . I take this job and earn some money . the girl stay here with you . they keep riding they bike . they stay with they friend . but we get they into a good private school where they can be challenge . I insist on that . cam maggie . be you sure ? maggie stand and walk over to cam . maggie if they come to New York they 'il be shut up like house pet in some dark apartment and I '1l be work till eight o'clock at night , every night . I do not want that for they . maggie look over at the girl . her heart break . maggie they be my baby . maggie bury she face in she hand . cam hold out he arm . angle on the chinese jumprope Amelia be jump . Kim look over Amelia 's shoulder . kim I think you parent be divorced . faith ( sighing ) no , they be marry . kim but you Mom do not live with you ? amelia no. except on the weekend . thurgood so be they marry on the weekend ? 101 . amelia sort of , not really ... Amelia turn to look at she parent at the other end of the park . maggie have collapse into cam 's arm and she be sobbing . cam be sobbing too . he still hold the metal tong . Amelia watch they for a long time . then : amelia it 's hard to explain . int . toyota station wagon . day cam drive the car on the highway , smoking . a cat be drape over cam 's shoulder while he drive . the girl be sleep in the backseat under a blanket . Amelia yawn and stir . amelia daddy ? how much longer ? cam ( pleasantly surprised ) you be awake . I think you be go to sleep the whole way home . he quickly stab out he cigarette . faith squirm awake . cam we just cross into Massachusetts . we be make great time . faith climb into the front passenger seat . cam you both conk out so quickly . must have be a fun weekend . faith it be . mommy let I do she hair . cam drive . it 's quiet for a moment . Amelia sit up and stare out the window , then : amelia do you know that mommy have a boyfriend in New York ? cam of course I know . amelia he 's nice . but I do not like he . faith I neither . cam oh boy . poor mommy . amelia why poor mommy ? cam because it 's hard to conduct a romance when you child be gun for you lover . amelia / faith ew ! lover ! cam lover , swain , beau , whatever . amelia how come you always feel so sorry for mommy ? cam sigh and look sad . cam because mommy try hard . she want thing to go differently . amelia I too . faith I too . cam smile . cam I three . the girl laugh . then faith look back at she sister and roll she eye with irritation . faith daddy , Amelia 's about to cry . cam look in the rearview at Amelia who be cry . cam Big Little ... what be it ? amelia I just ... I worry about you . 103 . cam please , darling . do not worry about I . I x11 be fine . they drive in silence . then , start in a absurdly deep voice , cam break into '' Annie Laurie . '' he sing in a full Scottish brogue , he voice get very high and squeaky and forlorn on the chorus . cam maxwellton brae be bonnie where early lie the dew twas there that Annie Laurie gave I she promise true gave I she promise true ... and not 'er forget shall be ... for bonnie Annie Laurie , I would lay I doon and dee ... the girl join in . as they sing , a series of cut : -- cam take Amelia and faith on a walk through mt. auburn Cemetery . -- Amelia run between the shelf of book in a overstuff bookstore . she round the corner and nestle in next to cam who sit on the floor , with faith on he lap . -- cam proudly lead Amelia , faith , thurgood , Kim and Ali on a tour through the grand old mansion on beacon Hill . the child be blow away by the splendor . as they file past Mr. fabrini on they way out , thanking he , he nod curtly and give they all a very tight smile . he be clearly extremely annoyed by cam and can not wait to get rid of he . cam grin back at he , victorious . back to : int / ext . toyota station wagon . day they sing together . all three like dew on the gowan lie be the tread of she fairy foot and like wind in summer sighing her voice be low and sweet her voice be low and sweet ... ( high and squeaky ) she 's all the world to I ... and for bonnie Annie Laurie , I would lay I doon and dee ... 104 . they speed down the highway . dissolve to : ext . shady hill school athletic field . day amelia , wear the school athletic uniform , she hair pull back in a tidy french braid , stand with eight other girl at lacrosse practice . they be line up , take turn shoot on goal . a title card read : one year later . Amelia run forward and fire a ball into the net . cam ( 0.s. ) Nice shot , Amelia ! Amelia wave at cam , who be cheer from the sideline . another girl run and shoot into the net . cam ( 0.s. ) Nice shot , Amelia 's friend ! Amelia jog back to the line of girl . shs team mate how come you dad always come to practice ? amelia ( matter -of -fact ) he 's get nothing else to do . on cam he give Amelia a thumb up . he drop to he knee and take some picture . CUT to : practice be over . Amelia be laugh with she friend as they put the lacrosse ball in a bag and pick up the cone . faith run up to Amelia . faith be wear a shs sweatshirt and eyeglass . together the girl run over to cam as he put a new roll of film in he camera . the rest of the team head back to the gym . amelia daddy , Annie invite I for a sleepover , can I go ? please ? 105 . faith and fifi ask if I want to go with she family to the movie . cam but I finally convinced eliot Perkins to let I borrow he boat . I think we could have a picnic on the river . amelia it 's too late to go out on a boat . cam it 's four o'clock . amelia I really want to go to Annie 's . cam maybe Annie want to take a ride down the Charles River . amelia daddy ... cam I be serious . she life in Boston . how many time have she get a ride home on a boat ? now they be the only one leave on the field . amelia she take the T. cam ( to faith ) what about fifi , do you think she have like to have a picnic on the water ? faith her mom 's pick she up in twenty minute . please can I go ? cam you will never find a more beautiful boat or a more perfect day to go out on the river . they be unmove . cam shake he head , give up . 106 . cam okay , well , I guess I will tell the Charles River to go fuck itself . both girl laugh at he ridiculous reaction . amelia well , I have hear that the Charles River be a real asshole . cam chuckle at that . amelia thanks , daddy . he nod . they both hug he . he hug they back . faith bye , daddy . cam oh , darling , I be so proud of you . so 's mommy . amelia why ? cam we just be . they back away from he , wave , then turn and head across the field . he stand , watch they go . they glance back over they shoulder , smile and wave again quickly . he wave mournfully . they quicken they pace . then he call out : cam I love you ! they stop dead . they whirl around and steam toward he . they be completely enraged . amelia do not do that . cam do what ? amelia watch we walk away . cam I be just watch you walk . 107 . faith please do not . cam why ? faith you make we feel bad . cam I do not want you to feel bad . faith ( stamp she foot ) yes , you do ! that 's why you stand there look all pathetic ! cam I be just watch you walk across the field , for chrissake ! I think I be allow ! the girl sigh , frustrated . Amelia step toward he , look he dead in the eye . she be stern , deliberate . amelia daddy . we be walk away now . and we be not turn around . we be not look back . cam I be not ask you too ! they shake they head . faith ( angry ) we love you , daddy . amelia ( furious ) we love you . Goodbye . the girl turn and link arm . they huddle close together and walk away from he as quickly as they can . as they go , faith glance at she sister with concern . she put she hand over Amelia 's and squeeze it . faith do not cry . do not cry . tear stream down Amelia 's face . 108. amelia ( shake she head ) can not help it . angle on cam hand in he pocket , he watch they walk away . press together , in lock -step , they cross the play field . Autumn leave skitter around they foot . they keep walk . they do not turn around . they do not look back . then , just before they recede from view , they stop and turn . they face he from this great distance . he brighten and hold up he hand . they each hold up a hand . he make a fist in the air as if to say courage , onward . the girl do the same . the three of they stand like that for a moment . then Amelia and faith turn and run in the opposite direction , disappear into the gymnasium . cam look up at the sky . he smile to himself . he pull a tam o’shanter with a red pompom from he pocket and put it on he head . he light a cigarette and walk toward the river . fade out .