inglourious basterd written by quentin tarantino 1. ext - dairy farm - day the modest dairy farm in the countryside of Nancy , France ( what the french call cow country ) . we read a subtitle in the sky above the farm house ; chapter one " once upon a time in ... nazi occupied FRANCE " this subtitle disappear , and be replace by another one ; " 1941 one year into the german occupation of France " . the farm consist of a house , small barn , and twelve cow spread about . the owner of the property , a bull of a man french farmer , bring a axe up and down on a tree stump blemish he property . however simply by sight , you would never know if he 's be beat at this stump for the last year , or just start today . julie one of he three pretty teenage daughter , be hang up laundry on the clothes line . as she hang up a white bed sheet , she hear a noise , move the sheet aside she see 's ; julie' Pov : a Nazi town car convertible , with two little nazi flag attach to the hood , a nazi soldier behind the wheel , a nazi officer alone in the back seat , follow two other nazi soldier on motorcycle , come up over the hill on the country road lead to they farm . julie pappa . the french Farmer sink he axe in the stump , look over he shoulder , and see 's the Germans approach . the farmer wife , charlotte come to the doorway of they home , follow by she two other teenage daughter , and see the Germans approach . the Farmer yell to he family in french , subtitled in english ; farmer go back inside and shut the door . IL farmer ( to Julie ) Julie , get I some water from the pump to wash up with , then get inside with you mother . the young lady run to the water pump by the house . she pick up a basin , and begin pump , after a few pump , water come out splash into the basin . the french Farmer sit down on the stump he be previously chopping away at , pull a handkerchief from he pocket , wipe sweat from off he face , and wait for the Nazi convoy to arrive . after live for a year with the sword of damocle suspend over he head , this may very well be the end . Julie finish fill the water basin , and place it on the window sill . julie ready pappa . farmer thank you darling , now go inside and take care of you mother . do not run . Julie walk inside the farm house and close the door behind she . as she father stand up from he stump , and move over to the window sill with the water basin ... . the SOUND of the engine of the two motorcycle and car get louder . the Farmer splashes water from the basin on he face and down he front . he take a towel off a nail , and wipe the excess water from he face and chest , as he watch the two motorcycle , the one automobile , and the four representative of the National Socialist Party come to a halt on he property . we do not move into they , but keep observe they from a distance , like the Farmer . the two nazi motorcyclist be off they bike , and stand at attention next to they . the nazi driver have walk around the automobile , and open the door for he superior . the nazi officer say to the Driver in unsubtitled german ; nazi officer this be the property of perrier lapadite ? 3 nazi driver yes heer Colonel . the Nazi officer climb out of the back the vehicle , carry in he leave hand n d officer herman , until I summon you , I be to be leave alone . nazi driver as you wish heer col . the s.s. colonel yell to the Farmer in french , subtitled in english ; nazi officer be this the property of perrier lapadite ? farmer I be perrier lapadite . the s.s. Colonel cross the distance between they with long stride , and say in french with a smile on he face ; nazi officer it be a pleasure to meet you monsieur lapadite , I be Colonel han landa of the s.s. colonel . han landa offer the french Farmer perrier lapadite he hand . the frenchman take the german hand in he and shake it . perrier how may I help you ? col landa I be hope you could invite I inside you home and we may have a discussion . int - lapadite farm house - day the door to the farm house swing open , andthea Farmer gesturestfor the s.s. col to enter . removing he grey s.s. cap , inside the frenchman 's home . col landa be immediately greet with the sight of the farmer wife , and three pretty daughter stand together in the kitchen , smile in he direction . the Farmer enter behind he , close the door . VA perrier Colonel landa , this be my family . the s.s. col click he heel together , and take the hand of the french farmer wife ... col landa col han landa of the s.s. madame , at you service . he kiss she hand , then continue without let go of he hostess hand ... col landa please excuse my rude intrusion on you routine . farmer wife do not be ridiculous , heer col . while still hold the french woman 's hand , and look into she eye , the s.s. Colonel say ; col landa monsieur lapadite , the rumor I have hear in the village about you family be all true . you wife be a beautiful woman . his eye leave the mother , and move to the three daughter . col. landa ( con ' T ) and each of you daughter be more lovely then the last . perrier merci . please have a seat . the Farmer offer the s.s. Colonel a seat at the family wooden dinner table . the Nazi officer except the french farmer offer , and lower himself into the chair . place he grey s.s. cap on the table , and keep he black attache case on the floor by he foot . the Farmer ( perfect host ) turn to he wife and say ; perrier Charlotte , would you be so good as to get the Colonel some wine ? col landa merci be coupe monsieur lapadite , but no wine . this be a dairy farm one would be safe in assume you have milk ? charlotte oui . col landa then milk be what I prefer . charlotte very well . the mother of three , take a craft of milk out of the ice box , and pour a tall glass of the fresh white liquid for the Colonel . the s.s. Colonel take a long drink from the glass , then put it down loudly on the wooden table . col landa monsieur , to both you family , and you cow , I say ; bravo . perrier merci . col landa please , join I at you table . perrier very well . the french Farmer sit 's at he wooden dinner table across from the Nazi . the woman remain stand . col landa lean forward , and say to the Farmer in a low tone of confidentially ; col landa monsieur lapadite , what we have to discuss , ' would be better discuss in private . you will notice , I leave my man outdoors - if it would not offend they , could you ask you lovely lady to step outside . perrier you be right . G. perrier ( to he woman ) Charlotte , would you take the girl outside . the Colonel and I need to have a few word . the farmer wife follow she husband order , and gather she daughter 's take they outside , close the door behind they . the two Men be alone , at the farmer dinner table , in the farmer humble home . col landa monsieur lapadite , I regret to inform you I have exhaust the extent of my french . to continue to speak it so inadequately , would only serve to embarrass I . however , I have be lead to believe you speak English quite well ? perrier oui . col landa well , it just so happen , I do as well . this be you house , I ask you permission to switch to English , for the remainder of the conversation ? perrier by all mean . they now speak english ; col landa monsieur lapadite , while I be very familiar with you , and you family . I have no way of know if you be familiar with who I be . be you aware of my existence ? the Farmer answer ; perrier yes . col landa this be good . be you aware of the job I have be order to carry out in France ? I perrier yes . the Colonel drink more milk . col landa please tell I what you have hear ? perrier I have hear , the fuhrer have put you in charge of round up the Jews leave in France who be ether hide , or pass for gentile . the s.s. Colonel smile . col landa the fuhrer could not of say it better himself . perrier but the meaning of you visit , pleasant though it be , be mysterious to I . the Germans look through my house nine month ago for hide Jews , and find nothing . col landa I be aware of that , I read the report on this area . but like any enterprise , when under new management , there 's always a slight duplication of effort . most of it be a complete waste of time , but need to be do nevertheless . I just have a few question monsieur lapadite , if you can assist I with answer , my department can close the file on you family . take he black leather attache case , and place it on the table , he take out a folder from inside . he also extract a expensive black fountain pen from he uniform front pocket . open the folder , and refer to it ; col landa now before the occupation there be four jewish family in this area , all dairy farmer like yourself . the loveitt , the dolerac , the rollins , and the dreyfus 's , be that correct ? 8 , perrier to my knowledge that be the jewish family among the dairy farmer . - heer Colonel , would it disturb you if I smoke my pipe ? look up from he papers . col landa please , monsieur lapadite , it be you house , make yourself comfortable . the Farmer get up from the table , go to he shelf over the fireplace , and remove from it a wooden BOX that contain all the fixin to he pipe . he sit back down at the table with he Nazi guest . as the Farmer load the bowel of he pipe with tobacco , set a match to it , and begin slowly puffing , make it red hot , the s.s. Colonel study the papers in front of he . col landa now accord to this papers , all the jewish family in this area have be account for - except , the dreyfusis . somewhere in the last year it would appear they have vanish . which lead I to the conclusion that they have ether make good they escape , or someone be very successfully hide they . ( look up from he papers , across the table at the farmer ) what have you hear about the dreyfusis monsieur lapadite ? perrier only rumor - col landa - I love rumor ! fact can be so misleading , where rumor , true or false be often reveling . so monsieur lapadite , what rumor have you hear regard the dreyfusis ? the farmerlook at landa . i. col landa speak freely monsieur lapadite , I want to hear what the rumor be , not who tell they to you . the Farmer puff thoughtfully on he pipe . perrier again , this be just a rumor - but we hear the dreyfusis have make there way into Spain . col landa so the rumor you have hear have be of escape ? perrier yes . col landa be the lapadite and the dreyfusis friendly ? as the Farmer answer this question , the camera lower behind he chair , to the floor , past the floor , to a small area underneath the floorboard revealing ; five human being lie vertically underneath the farmer floorboard . this human being be the dreyfusis , who have live lie down underneath the dairy farmer house for the past year . but one could not call what the dreyfusis have do for the last year live . this family have do the only thing they could , hide from a occupy army that wish to exterminate they . perrier we be family in the same community , in the same bussiness . I would not say we be friend , but member of the same community , we have common interest . the s.s. Colonel take in this answer , seem to except it , then move to the next question . col landa have never meet the dreyfusis , would you confirm for I the exact member of the household and they name ? 10 . perrier there be five of they . the father , Jacob ... . wife , miram ... she brother , Bob ... col landa - how old be Bob ? perrier thirty - thirty one ? col landa continue . perrier and the child ... amo ... and shoshanna . col landa Ages of the child ? perrier amo - six - I believe . and shosanna , be fifteen or sixteen , I be not really sure . CUT to uxt - dairy farm - day the mother and she three daughter finish take the laundry off the clothes line . they can not hear anything go on inside . e three Nazi Soldiers watch the three daughter . sack to landa and perrier col landa well I guess that should do it . be begin gather up he papers , and put they back into he ttache case . the Farmer , cool as a cucumber , puff on he pipe . col landa however , before I go , could I have another glass of you delicious milk ? it . perrier but of course . Farmer stand up , go over to the ice box , and take out the aft of milk . as he walk over and fill the Nazi Colonel 's glass , german Officer talk . col landa monsieur lapadite , be you aware of the nickname the people of France have give I ? perrier I have no interest in such thing . col landa but you be aware of what they call I ? perrier I be aware . col landa what be you aware of ? perrier that they call you , " the Jew Hunter " . col landa precisely ! now I understand you trepidation in repeat it . before he be assassinate , heydrich apparently hate the moniker the good people of Prague bestow on he . actually why he would hate the name , " the hangman " , be baffling to I it would appear he do everything in he power to earn it . but I , on the other hand , love my unofficial title , precisely because I have earn it . as " the Jew Hunter " enjoy he fresh milk , he continue to theorize with the french farmer . col landa the feature that make I such a effective hunter of the Jews , be , as oppose to most german soldier , I can think like a jew . where they can only think like a german , or more precisely , a german soldier . now if one be to determine what attribute the german people share with a beast , it would be the cun and predatory instinct of a hawk . col landa ( con 't ) negro 's - gorilla 's - brain - lip - smell - physical strength - penis size . but , if one be to determine what attribute the jews share with a beast , it would be that of the rat . now the fuhrer and gobble propaganda have say pretty much the same thing . where we conclusion differ , be I do not consider the comparison a insult . consider for a moment , the world a rat life in . it 's a hostile world indeed . if a rat be to scamper through you front door right now , would you greet it with hostility ? perrier I suppose I would . col landa have a rat ever do anything to you to create this animosity you feel toward they ? perrier Rat 's spread disease , they bite people - col landa - unless some fool be stupid enough to try and handle a live one , rat do not make it a practise of bite human being . rat be the cause of the bubonic plague , but that be some time ago . in all you bear day , have a rat ever cause you to be sick a day in you life ? I purpose to you , any disease a rat could spread , a squirrel could equally carry . yet I assume you do not share the same animosity with squirrel that you do with rat , do you ? perrier no . col landa yet , they be both rodent 's , be they not ? and except for the fact that one have a big bushy tail , while the other have a long repugnt tail of rodent skin , they even rather look alike , do not they ? 13.6 perrier it be a interesting think , beer Colonel . col landa however , interesting as the think may be , it make not one bit of difference to how you feel . if a rat be to scamper through you door , this very minute , would you offer it a saucer of you delicious milk ? perrier probably not . col landa I do not think so . you do not like they . you do not really know why you do not like they . all you know be , you find they repulsive . ( let 's the metaphor sink in ) what a tremendously hostile world a rat must endure . yet , not only do he survive , he thrive . and the reason for this , be because we little foe have a instinct for survival and presavation second to none . and that monsieur , be what a jew share with a rat . consequently , a german soldier , conduct a search of a house suspect of hide jews . where do the hawk look ? he look in the barn , he look in the attic , he look in the cellar - he look everywhere , he would hide . but there be many place it would never occur to a hawk to hide . however the reason the fuhrer bring I off my alp in Austria , and place I in french cow country today , be because it do occur to I . because I be aware what tremendous feat human being be capable of once they abandon dignity . ( change tone ) May I smoke my pipe as well ? th e Farmer 's cool facade be little by little erode . perrier please , cononel , make yourself at home . 13 . the Jew Hunter , remove both a pipe and a bag of tobacco fixing . the pipe , strangely enough , be a calabash , make from a " S " shape goard kith a yellow skin , make famous by sherlock holme . a the Nazi Colonel , busy himself with he smoking life , he ontinue to hold court at the frenchman table . col landa the other mistake the german soldier make be they severe handle of the citizen who give shelter and aid to the Jews . this citizen be not enemy of the state . they be simply confuse people , try to make some sense out of the madness war create . this citizen do not need punish . they simply need to be remind of they duty in war time . let 's use you as a example monsieur lapadite . in this war , you have find yourself in the middle of a conflict that have nothing to do with yourself , you lovely lady , or you cow - yet , here you be . so monsieur lapadite , let I purpose a question . in this time of war , what be you number one duty ? be it to fight the Germans in the name of France to you last breath ? or , be it to harass the occupy army to the best of you ability ? or , be it to protect the poor unfortunate victim of warfare who can not protect themselfs ? or , be you number one duty in this time of bloodsh , to protect that very beautiful woman who constitute you family ? the Colonel let the last statement stand . col landa that be a question monsieur lapadite . in this time of war , what do you consider you number one duty ? perrier to protect my family . col landa now , my job dictate , that I must have my man enter you home , and conduct a thorough search , before I can officially cross you family name off my list . col landa ( con 't ) and if there be any irregularity to be find , rest assure , they will be . that be unless , you have something to tell I that will make the conduct of a search unnecessary . ( pause ) I might add also , that any information that make the preforming of my duty easier , will not be meet with punishment . actually quite the contrary , it will be meet with reward . and that reward will be , you family will cease to be harass in anyway , by the german military during the rest of we occupation of you country . the Farmer , pipe in mouth , stare across the table at he german opponent . col landa you be shelter enemy of the state , be you not ? perrier yes . col landa you shelter they underneath you floorboard be not you ? perrier yes . col landa Point out to I the area 's where they hide . the Farmer point out the area 's on the floor with the dreyfusis be underneath . col landa since I have not hear any disturbance , I assume that while they listen , they do not speak english ? perrier yes . col landa I be go to switch back to french now , and I want you to follow my masquerade - be that clear ? perrier yes . Colonel landa stand up from the table , and switch to french say subtitled in english ; col landa monsieur lapadite , I thank you for milk , and you hospitably . I do believe we business here be do . the Nazi Officer open the front door , and silently motion for he son to approach the house . col landa Mademoiselle lapadite , I thank you for you time , we shant be bother you family any longer . yet the lapadite woman watch the Nazi soldier , machine gun at ready , approach the house . the Soldiers enter the doorway , col landa , silently point out area of the floor the Jews be hide under . col landa so , monsieur and Madame lapadite I bid you adieu . otion to the Soldiers with he index finger . wy tear up the wood floor with machine gun FIRE . the little farm house be fill with smoke , dust , splinter , scream , 0 ullet casing , and even alittle blood . with a hand motion from the Colonel , the Soldiers cut off they gunfire . the Colonel keep he finger in the air to indicate silence . underneath the floorboard the entire dreyfus family lay dead . except for sixteen year old $ hosanna , who miraculously escape be strike by the nazi 's bullet . with she dead family surround she , the young girl go for freedom ( represent by wire mesh vent ) . L landa ear movement underneath the floor , look down and see 's a shape wing forward between the plank in the floor . col landa it 's the girl . nobody move I '. T kicked open , the girl spring out . col landa ae he cross the floor , he see 's the young girl running towards the cover of the wood . he unlatch the window , and open it . shosanna to perfectly framed in the window sill . 1 sanna running towards wood . farm house and col in the window in b.g . lthy barefeet lapping against wet grass . qt! shosannma ' S face same as a animal be chase by a predator flight - panic - fear snosanna's Pov the safety of tree 's , get closer . col landa prame by the window , take he lugar , and straight arm aim at the flee Jew , cock back the hammer with he thumb . cu col landa slow zoom into he eye as he aim . profile cu shosanna sod dash for life . L landa change he mind . he yell to the rat flee the trap , head for the safety of the wood pile , in french subtitled in english ; col landa au revoir , shosanna ! till we meet again ! hosanna mace it to the wood , and be go . T h e s.s. Colonel close the window . 17 . ext - nazi town car ( moving ) - day diihe ac seat of the convertible , that 'sa stsn tcolonel han Lan speed away from the french farm house . landa speak to he Driver in german , subtitled into english ; col landa herman , I sense` a question on you lip ? out with it ? driver why do yoy allow a enemy of the state to escape ? col landa oh , I do not think the state be in too much danger , do you ? driver I suppose not . col landa I be glad you see it my way . besides , not put a bullet in the back of a fifteen year old girl , and allow she to escape , we not nessessarlly the same thing . she 's a young girl , no food , no shelter , no shoe , who 's just witness the massacre of she entire family . she may not survive the night . and after word spread about what happen today , it 's highly unlikely she will find any willing farmer to extend she aid . if I have to guess she fate , I would say she will probably be turn in by some neighbour . or , she will be spot by some german soldier . or , we will find she body in the wood , dead from starvation or exposure . or , perhaps - she will survive . she will elude capture . she will escape to America . she will move to New York city . where she will be elect , President of the United States . the s.s. Colonel chuckle at he little funny . tittle card : " inglorious basterd " 1 $ , fade up chapter title appear : F chapter two " inglorious basterd " fade up ext - somewhere in england - day a bunch of soldier be line up at attention . lieutenant aldo . raine , a hillbilly from the mountain of Tennessee , walk down the line . he recruit the man , the Germans will later call ; " the basterd " . Lt. Aldo have one define physical characteristic , a rope burn around he neck . as if once upon a time , . he survive a lynching . the scar will never once be mention . lt.aldo my name be Lt. Aldo raine , and I be puttin together a special team . and I need I eight soldier . eight - jewish - american - soldier . now y'all might of hear rumor about the armada happen soon . well , we will be leavin a little earlier . we be gonna be drop into France , dress as civilian . and once we be in enemy territory , as a bushwackin , guerrilla army , we be gonna be doin one thing , and thing only , killin Nazi 's . the member of the National Socialist Party , have conquer Europe through murder , torture , intimidation , and terror . and that 's exactly what we be gonna do to they . now I do not know bout y'all ? but I sure as hell , didnt come down from the goddamn smoky mountain , cross five thousand mile of water , fight my way through half Sicily , and then jump out of a fuckin air -o- plane , to teach the Nazi 's lesson in humanity . Nazi be not get no humanity . there the foot soldier of a Jew hatin , mass murderin manic , and they need to be destroy . that 's why any and every son-of -a-- bitch we find wearin a Nazi uniform , there gonna die . if . lt.aldo ( con 't ) we will be cruel to the Germans , and through we cruelty , they will know who we be . they will find the evidence of we cruelty , in the disembow , dismember , and disfigure body of they brother we leave behind we . and the german will not be able to help themselves from imagine the cruelty they brother endure at we hand , and we boot heel , and the edge of we knife . and the Germans , will be sicken by we . and the Germans , will talk about we . and the Germans , will fear we . and when the Germans close they eye at night , and they sub conscious torture they for the evil they have do , it will be with thought of we , that it torture they with . he stop pace , and look at everybody . lo. aldo sound good ? they all say ; all yes , sir ! lt.aldo that 's what I like to hear . but I get a word of warning to all would - be warrior . when you join my command , you take on debit . a debit you owe I , personally . every man under my command , owe I , one hundred nazi scalp . and I want my scalp . and all y'all will git I , one hundred Nazi scalp , take from the head of one hundred dead Nazi 's ... .or you will die try . CUT to ext - mountain top chalet - day a huge chalet on a misty mountain top in barvia . zo a subtitle appear : " barvia burstich garden ( hitler private lair ) " int - burstich garden - day in a huge room , adolph hitler , pound on a big table with he fist , as he rant at two german general . they speak german subtitled into english ; hitler how much more of this jew swine must I endure ? they butcher my man like they be fish bait ! this pack of filthy degenerate , be do what the Russian army do not , and patton 's army could not . turn soldier of the third Reich , into superstitious old woman ! german general just the coward among they mine fuhrer . Hitler pound furiously on the desk with he fist . hitler no , no , no , no , no , no ! I have hear the rumor myself ! solder of the third Reich , who have bring the world to there knee` , now peck and cluck like chicken . do you know the latest rumor they have conjure up , in they fear induce delirium ? the one that beat my boy with a bat . the one they call " the bear Jew " ... be a golem . a avenge jew angel , conjure up by a vengeful rabbi , to smite the aryan ! general mine fuhrer , this be just soldier gossip , no one really believe the bear Jew be a golem . hitler why not ? they seem to be able to elude capture like a aberration . they seem to be able to appear and disappear at will . Z} . hitler ( con 't ) you want to prove they flesh and blood ? then bring they to I ! I will hang they naked , by they heel , from the eiffel tower ! and then throw they body in the sewer , for the rat of Paris to feast ! the fuhrer sit down at the table to compose himself , and wipe he greasy black hair out of he face . hitler ( disgust ) the bear Jew . he hit the button on the intercom on he desk . hitler kliest1 kliest voice come out of the intercom ; kliest voice ( os ) Year mine fuhrer . hitler I have a order I want relay to all german soldier station in France . the Jew degenerate know as the bear Jew , hence forth , be never to be refer to as the bear Jew again . we will cease to aid the Americans any longer in there attempt to undermine the german soldier psyche . do you get that kliest ? kliest voice ( os ) yes mine fubrer . do you still wish to see private butz ? hitler who and what be a private butz ? kelist voice ( os ) he 's the soldier you want to see personally . his squad be ambush by Lt. raine Jews . he be it 's only survivor . hitler indeed I do want to see he , thank you for remind I . send he in . CUT to 0 ext - french wood -- day cu face of dead german soldier his head lie on the ground horizontal . a hand reach into frame , knock aside the dead german patriot helmet , and grab a handful of the cadaver blonde hair . a large knife enter frame , and begin slicing along the hairline . this process be call scalping . after slicing be complete , the scalp easily peel off like a banana . german prisoner pvt . butz and sgt.rachtman on they knee , hand behind there head . private butz narrate the scene in german subtitled into english ; pvt.butz ( vo ) Werner and I be the only one leave alive after the ambush . while one man guard we , the rest remove the hair . all the basterd wear german scalp tie to they belt . cu scalp hang from belt . pvt.butz ( vo ) they not only take valuable ... we see quick cut of ring , weapon , Iron Cross , and somebody digging out a gold tooth with a knife , be remove from Dead Germans . pvt.butz ( vo ) .. they also take they identification papers . cu identification paper take from the inside pocket of a dead german uniform . basterd pfc . utivich flip through the i.d. papers till he get to the page that contain the german soldier , name , statistic , and photo . pfc . utivich sigfry muller . t3. pvt.butz ( vo ) . and tore out the identification page . utivich rip the page out , and stick it in he pocket . toss the tear book on the dead , scalpless body . pvt.butz ( vo ) ... they then remove they boot ... cu german combat boot lace untied .. . boot pull off ... sock remove , reveling dead bare foot ... basterd toss the boot off a hill . pvt.butz ( vo ) throw they away from the body ... dead german scalp remove from they head , pink bare foot ... pvt.butz ( vo ) the basterd , take they life , they hair , they valuable , they identity , and finally they dignity in death . true that . the sight of the dead soldier with bare foot do rob the tableaux of a certain dignity , that be normally feel in battlefield shot . back to hitler hitler the dogsl he fight he frustration , then ... hitler continue . back to the basterd Aldo scream to the basterd who 's guard the two german prisoner . lt.aldo hey hirschberg , send that kraut sarge over . basterd pfc . hirschberg kick sgt. rachtman in the back . zw . pfc . hirschberg you ! go! sgt. rachtman be a little slow to respond . so hirschberg grab he by the hair , yank he to he foot , and kick he in the ass , send he on he way . most of the bastred sit in a circle , indian style , with Aldo in the middle . as sgt. rachtman walk towards this circle of basterd , a off screen literary narrator ( not pvt.butz ) speak over the soundtrack in english ; narrator ( vo ) sgt. Werner rachtman have see many interrogation since Germany decide it should rule Europe . but this be the first time he 's ever be on the wrong end of the exchange . it 's always be he belief , only a weakling , in mind , body , and spirt comply with the enemy under threat of consequence . as Werner watch man cry like woman , pleadingly offer they knowledge , in exchange for they worthless life , he make a vow to himself . if he role be to die in this conflict . when they put he under the earth , he dignity would be bury with he . for in the other world , the god only respect the one they test first . well sgt , this be you test . and the god be watch . the capture german sgt , enter the circle of basterd , stand straight before the sit southern Lieutenant , and salute he captor . sgt. rachtman ( english ) sgt. Werner rachtman . Aldo return the salute , look up at he . lt.aldo Lt. Aldo raine , pleased to meet cha . you know what sit down mean Werner ? sgt . rachtman yes . lt.aldo then sit down . 2.5 . the german sgt do . lt.aldo how you English Werner ? Cause if need be , we gotta a couple fella can translate . Aldo point at one of the basterd in the circle , cpl . wilhelm wicki . lt.aldo wicki there , a austrian Jew , get the fuck outta saltzberg , while the gettin be good . became american , get draft , and come back to give y'all what for . then Aldo point to another basterd . a big scary look basterd , in a german sgt 's uniform , name , sgt . hugo stiglitz lt.aldo and another one over there , you might be familiar with , sgt.hugo Stiglitz . Heard of them . the two german sgt 's look at each other . sgt . rachtman everybody in the german army 's hear of Hugo Stiglitz . the basterd laugh , a couple pat Hugo on the back . the narrator come back on the soundtrack . narrator ( vo ) the reason for Hugo Stiglitz 's celebrity among german soldier be simple . we see a photo of hugo on the front page of the Nazi version of star and stripe ( the military newspaper ) . narrator ( vo ) as a german enlist man , he kill thirteen gestapo officer , mostly major . we see the military photo of all thirteen gestapo officer . zc . narrator ( vo ) instead of put he up against a wall , the High Command decide to send he back to Berlin , to be make a example of . Hugo in chain , be put in a lone troop truck , part of a prison convoy , enroute to Berlin . narrator ( vo ) needless to say , once the basterd hear about he , he never get there . ext - french countryside - day the basterd ambush the prison convoy , kill everybody . they walk to the back of the troop truck , inside Hugo in chain , stare back at they . lt.aldo sgt.hugo Stiglitz ? Hugo nod . lo. aldo I be Lt. Aldo raine , and this be the basterd . ever hear of we ? Hugo nod he head , yes . lt.aldo we just wanna say , we be a big fan of you work . when it come to killin Nazi 's , I think you show great talent , and I pride myself on havin a eye for that kind of talent . but you status as a Nazi killer , be still amateur . we all come here to see , if you wanna go pro ? back to thebasterd circle . lt.aldo now Werner , I be gonna assume you know who we be ? sgt . rachtman Aldo the Apache . the circle of basterd giggle . Z7 . lt.aldo well Werner , if you hear of we , you probably hear , we be not in the prisoner takin business . we in the killin Nazi business . and cousin , business be boomin . the basterd laugh . lo. aldo now that leave two way we can play this out . either kill ya , or let ya go . now weather or not you gonna leave this circle alive , depend entirely on you . Aldo take out a map of the area , and lay it out in front of he prisoner . lt.aldo up the road a piece , there 's a orchard . ' side you , we know there 's another kraut patrol fuckin around here somewhere . now if that patrol be to have any crackshot , that orchard , would be a goddamn sniper delight . now if you ever wanna eat a sauerkraut sandwich again , you gotta show I on this map , where they be , you gotta tell I how many they be , and you gotta tell I , what kinda artillery they carry with them ? sgt . rachtman you can not expect I to divulge information that would put german life in danger ? lt.aldo well , Werner that 's where you wrong . because that 's exactly what I expect . I need to know about Germans hidin in tree ? and you need to tell I ? and you need to tell I , right now ? now take you finger , and point out on this map , where this partys bein hold , how many comin , and what they bring to play with ? Werner site , head hold high , back straight , chin up , every inch the german hero face death . 2s . sgt . werner F I respectfully refuse , sir . Aldo jerk he thumb behind he . lt.aldo you see that ole boy battin rock ? we rack focus to a one of the basterd not in the circle . he 's wear a wife beater , and power hit stone with a baseball bat . werner eye go to the ballplayer . lt.aldo that 's sgt. donny donowitz . but you might know he better by he nickname , the bear Jew . now if you hear of Aldo the Apache , you gotta hear about the bear Jew ? sgt . rachtman I hear . lt.aldo what do you hear ? sgt . rachtman he beat german soldier with a club . lt.aldo he bashes they brain in with a baseball bat , what he do . sgt.donowitz back to we , still have not see he face . he Babe ruth a rock soar into the atmosphere . lo. aldo now Werner , I be gonna ask you one last - goddamn - time , and if you still , " respectfully refuse " , I be callin the bear Jew over here , and he 's gonna take that big bat of he , and he 's gonna beat you ass to death with it . now take you wennersitnitzel lickin finger , and point out on this map what I want to know . sgt . rachtman fuck you and you jew dog . t v. instead of get mad , the basterd burst out laughing . I k Aldo say to Werner , with a giggle in he voice ; lt.aldo actually Werner , we be all tickle ya say that . frankly , watchin donny beat Nazi 's , to death , be the close we ever get to goin to the movie . ( yelling ) donny ! sgt.donowitz he turn to camera , and yell ; sgt.donowitz yeah ? lt.aldo get a german here want to die for country . oblige he . sgt. donny donowitz bat over he shoulder , smile . CUT to int - barber shop ( bostin ) - day donny , cut head , in he pop 's barber shop , in bostin . donny .ya get the goddamn fuckin Germans , declare open season on Jews in Europe , and I be suppose to fly to the fuckin Philippines , and fight a bunch of fuckin jap - not I pal . if we just go in this against the jap , the whole u.s.of fuckin a can go take a run jump at the moon . head you know they get a word for what you sayin donny , it 's call treason . donny hey , stick you treason up you poop hole . if I be gonna kill my fellow man in the name of liberty , that fellow man , will be german . 3401 int - sporting good store - day mr.goorowitz be sport goods shop in donny 's jewish bostin neighbourhood . donny walk in . mr.goorowitz hello donny , how be you ? donny ah , just dandy , mr.goorowitz . mr.goorowitz you mother , you father - everything good there ? donny there just fine . I be shippin off next week . the store proprietor , extend he hand to the young man . mr.goorowitz good for you son . kill one of that Nazi basterd for I , will ya ? donny that 's the idea , mr.goorowitz . mr.goorowitz what can I do you for , donny ? donny I need a baseball bat . the store owner lead he to a basket with eight bat init . donny start go through they without say anything . mr.goorowitz you gettin you little brother a present before you ship out ? donny , concentrate on the bat , not look up ; donny no. donny 's " no " , silence the gabby goorowitz . he seem to settle on one , feel it 's weight in he hand . donny can I try this one on for size , outside ? 31 . extend he arm ; mr.goorowitz be my guest . the phone ring . mr.goorowitz I will get that , you go right ahead . the proprietor answer the phone , and get into a conversation with he off screen mother . donny walk outside , we stay in store , but can see he clearly through the store big picture window . however , mr.goorowitz instinctively , turn he back to donny to speak with he mother . donny start swinging the bat . it 's pretty obvious he 's pantomime beat somebody to death with it . then the he start yell ; donny take that ya Nazi basterd ! you like fuckin with the Jews ? wanna fuck with the Jews ? the american jews be gonna fuck with you ... ..! Mr. goorowitz , see 's none of this , as he speak to he mother . he hang up the phone , just as donny walk back into the store . store owner turn to store customer . donny be this the heaviest ya get ? CUT to int - hallway apartment build - day donny , dress nice , in a apartment building in he jewish bastin neighbourhood . he knock on a door . a very old jewish woman open the door , only a little , peer out at the young man . old woman how can I help you ? donny mrs.himmelstein ? mrs. himmelstein State you business young man . 3Z .. donny Mrs. himmelstein , I be donny donowitz , my father sy donowitz , own the barber shop on greeny Ave , " sy 's barber shop " . mrs. himmelstein I have see it . do you live in the neighbourhood ? donny all my life . mrs. himmelstein again , state you business ? donny May I have a word with you ? mrs. himmelstein what about ? donny we people in Europe . she think for a beat , then hold the door open for the young man . mrs. himmelstein come in . would you like some tea ? int - mrs.himmelstein's apartment - day donny sit on a overstuff sofa , hold a tea cup and saucer in he hand . Mrs. himmelstein sit on a overstuff chair , hold she tea , look across at she visitor . donny ( sipping tea ) very good . mrs. himmelstein if you like tea . donny chuckle at she little joke . the old woman remain stone . she be not joke . he place he saucer on the coffee table and begin ; donny Mrs. himmelstein , do you have any love one over in Europe who you concerned for ? 33 . mrs. himmelstein what compel you young man , to ask a stranger such a personal question ? donny because I be go to Europe . and I be gonna make it right . mrs. himmelstein and just how do intend to do that , joshua ? donny mrs. himmelstein and what exactly do you intend to do with that toy ? donny I be gonna beat every Nazi I find to death with it . mrs. himmelstein I think we be have tea together ? mrs. himmelstein and in this pursuit , how be it that I can be of service ? donny I be go through the neighbourhood . if you have any love one in Europe , who 's safety you fear for , I would like you to write they name on my bat . back to basterd donny take a long walk to Werner ... as we CUT back and forth between donny walking and werner waiting , we also CUT back and forte between donny and mrs.himmelstein ... mrs. himmelstein you must be a real basterd , donny ? donny you bet you sweet ass I be . mrs. himmelstein good . a basterd work be never do . specially in Germany . donny step up to the plate , look down at the Nazi ; donny gimmie you papers . Werner hand donny up he papers . donny rip the identity page out , and stick it in he pocket . mrs. himmelstein Hand I you sword gideon . I do believe I will join you on this journey . insert she sign the bat , " madeleine " back to basterd donny beat Werner to death with the bat , to the cheer of the basterd . pvt . butz watch . hirschberg say to he ; pfc . hirschberg about now , I would be shittin my pants , if I be you . Aldo point a finger at butzsr and crook it toward he . pfc . hirschberg that mean you , cup cake . a cry , visibly shake , butz site down in front of Aldo . lt.aldo you wanna live ? pvt.butz yes , sir . lt.aldo Point out on this map , the german position . his arm shoot out like a rocket , and point out the position . 3 s. pvt.butz this area here . lt.aldo how many ? pvt . butz maybe twelve . lt.aldo what kinda of artillery ? pvt.butz they have a machine gunn dig in here point north . hitler how do you survive this ordel ? we see pvt.butz in the fuhrer 's room for the first time . he wear a Nazi cap , which be unusual in the presence of the fuhrer , but he seem okay with it . prvt.butz they let I go . from here on we go back and forth between aldo and hitler . lt.aldo now when you report what happen here , you can not tell them , you tell we , what you tell we . they will shoot ya . but there gonna wanna know , why you so special , we let you live ? so tell them , we let ya live , so you could spread the word through the rank , what 's gonna happen to every Nazi we find . hitler you be not to tell anybody anything ! not one word of detail ! you outfit be ambush , and you get a away . not one word more . pvt . butz yes mine fuhrer . hitler do they mark you like they do the other survivor ? 36Ã¢Â‚¬Â¢ pvt . butz yes mine fuhrer . hitler remove you hat and show I . lt.aldo now say we let ya go , and say you survive the ' war ? when you get back home , what ' eha gonna do ? pvt.butz I will hug my mother like I have never hugge she before . lt.aldo well , be not that 's a real nice boy . be you go to take off you uniform ? pvt.butz not only shall I remove it , but I intend to burn it ! the young german be tell Aldo , what he think , Aldo want to hear . but the last answer do not go down as well as he think it would , evident by the frown on Aldo 's face . lo. aldo yeah , that 's what we think . we do not like that . you see , we like we Nazi 's in uniform . that way , you can spot them , just like that . ( snap he finger ) but you take off that uniform , be not nobody gonna know you be a Nazi . and that do not sit well with we . Aldo remove a large knife from a sheath on he belt . lt.aldo so I be gonna give ya a little something , you can not take off . back to hitler pvt. butz remove he combat helmet , hair hang in he face , he move it aside , and we see a swastika have be hand carve into he forehead . back to basterd but Pov : on ground , look up at they . Aldo have just carve the swastika , and he 's hold the bloody knife . all the basterd crowd around to admire he handy work . 37 . sgt.donowitz you know Lieutenant , you get pretty good at that . lo. aldo you know how you get to Carnegie Hall , do not 'ch ? practice . fade to black over black chapter title appear : chapter three " german night in paris " note : this whole chapter will be film in french New Wave Black and White . int - cinema auditorium - night we be in the auditorium of a cinema in Paris . however the camera be point in the direction of the audience , not the screen . we start close on the projector beam , emanate from the little glass window in the back of the theatre the camera continue to dolly back , make the shot wider and wider , bring in more and more the german occupy citizen of Paris , who stare at the off screen silver screen in the dark we can hear the off screen soundtrack of a Goebbels produce german omm paw paw musical movie be project . the shot continue to pull further and further back , and the german dialogue continue to fill the auditorium ... till ... . the dolly shot land on a close up of shosanna , . watch the movie . a subtitle appear : " 1941 paris two week after the massacre of shosanna's family " we hear the sound of the german musical climax . the light go up in the auditorium . shosanna , dress in a nurse uniform she swipe from somewhere , remain seat , as the rest of the patron , gather they coat , and file out . 3p . ext - little cinema ( paris ) - night patron exit under the cinema marquee , as someone from inside shut off the marquee light . the marquee read in french : " german night BRIDGET von hammersmark in madcap in mexico " . ext - projection booth ( little cinema ) a french Black man , who we will learn later be name marcel , be the cinema 's projectionist . we see he for a moment , take the film reel off the projector , and place they on rewind . int - auditorium cu shosanna still sit in she seat . except for she , the auditorium be empty . the owner of the cinema , a attractive look french woman , who we will later know as madame mimieux , appear in one of the cinema 's opera box balcony . look down from she perch at the young girl , sit in the empty cinema . the dialogue will be speak in french , and subtitled into english . madame mimieux so young woman , since it 's beyond obvious we be close for the evening . I must assume you want something . what can I do for you ? shosanna May I sleep here tonight ? madame mimieux so I gather you not a nurse ? shosanna no . madame mimieux but you a bright little thing , that 's clever disguise . where be you family ? shosanna murdered . 3 1. madame mimieux so you a war orphan ? shosanna we be from Nancy . the bosch find we madame mimieux be this a sad story ? shosanna oui. madame mimieux sad storey bore I . this day everyone in Paris have one . I have not bore you with mine , do not bore I with yours . shosanna you can run the machine ? madame mimieux what machine ? use she hand to pantomime the rotate film reel on a projector , she say ; shosanna the machine that show the film ? madame mimieux the projector ? yes , I own a cinema , of course I can operate they . shosanna I know , I see you . flash on : cu shosanna eye creep up the stairway in the projection booth , watch ... madame mimieux expertly work the projector ... back to shosanna shosanna teach I . teach I to run the machine , that show the film . it 's only you and the negro . I know you could use some help . 40 . madame mimieux I know at least six people who have be put up against a wall , and machine gun for shelter enemy of the state . I have no intention of be unlucky number seven . how long have you be in Paris ? shosanna a week , and a few day . madame mimieux how have you survive the curfew without capture ? shosanna I sleep on rooftop . madame mimieux again , I be force to admit , clever girl . how be it ? shosanna cold . madame mimieux ( laugh ) I can imagine . shosanna respectfully , no you can not . madame mimieux Fair enough . madame mimieux so you can not operate a 35 mm film projector , you want I teach you , in order to work here , in order to use my cinema , as a hole to hide in , be that correct ? shosanna oui. madame mimieux what you name ? shosanna shosanna . madame mimieux I be Madame mimieux . you may call I Madame . this be a cinema . not a home for wayward war orphan . have say that , what you say be true . if you be truly exceptional , I could find use for you . so shosanna , be you truly exceptional ? shosanna oui Madame . madame mimieux I will be the judge of that . dissolve to title card : which show a lovely pencil sketch of the CITY of paris , complete with eiffel Tower . above it read : " 1944 paris " then ... the camera pull back , and we see we be not look at a title card at all , but a calender stick on the wall of the Little cinema 's projection Booth . before we leave it , we see the month be JUNE . .. the camera find , the three year older shosanna , work as the projectionist . it would appear , that shosanna pass Madame mimieux 's exceptional test . a lyrical morriconie- like tune plays on the soundtrack , this will be " shosanna 's theme " . a Little Bell , begin ringing , on one of the projector , alert shosanna it 's time for a reel change . shosanna stand at the projector , watch the old german film she 's project , wait for the1st reel change MARK ... silver screen of the little cinema . on screen leni refenshtal lie horizontal as a ice sickle drip on she head in the old german film , " the White Hell of piza palu " , the 1st reel change MARK pop on in the upper right hand corner of the frame ... ( that tell the projectionist to get ready ) . as the film reel on the lst projector roll out , shosanna stand ready , wait by the 2nd projector ... when ... silver screen the 2nd reel change MARK pop on in the same place ( that 's the one ) . shosanna throws the lever on the 2nd projector , switch the film from projector 1 # to projector 2 # , execute a perfect reel change . as shosanna 's theme play on the soundtrack , we watch viva montage , she go through she daily chore . carry heavy film can up the stair , empty the rat trap , ect , ect ... ext - cinema - night the marquee read in french : " german night leni refenshtal in pabst white hell of piza palu " shosanna emerge from the cinema carry two bucket of letter ( for the marquee ) , and a tall ladder . her chore here , obviously , be to change the show on the marquee . the literary narrator come on the soundtrack in english ; narrator ( vo ) to operate a cinema in Paris during the occupation , one have two choice . ether you could show new german propaganda film , produce under the watchful eye of Joseph Goebbels . or ... . you could have a german night in you weekly schedule , and show allow german classic film . they german night be Thursday . shosanna , by herself , perch up high on the ladder , change the letter on the marquee . a young german soldier ( about the same age as shosanna ) , walk out of the cinema . he see the ladder with the young french girl on top , and walk over . they speak french , subtitled into english ; german soldier what start tomorrow ? shosanna look down , see the young german solder smile up at she from below . lc 3. shosanna a Max linder festival . german soldier ummmm , I always prefer linder to chaplin . except linder never make a film as good as " the rid " . the chase climax of " the kid " , superb . shosanna continue work , not add to the conversation . german soldier I suppose now you could use a " m " a " a " and a " X " ? shosanna no need , I can manage . german soldier do not be ridiculous , it 's my pleasure . he hand the french damsel the letter spelling max . shosanna merci . german soldier I adore you cinema very much . shosanna merci . she busy herself with the marquee letter ... german soldier shosanna german soldier shosanna german soldier how do a young girl , such as yourself , own a cinema ? do to he uniform , and shosanna 's situation , all he effort at try to make small talk , strike the young jewess in hide as a gestapo interrogation . shosanna my aunt leave it to I . german soldier lucky girl . shosanna make no reply back . german soldier merci for hoist a german night . shosanna I do not have a choice , but you welcome . german soldier do you choose the german film yourself ? shosanna oui. german soldier then my merci stand . I love the refensthal mountain film , especially , " pizu palu " . it 's nice to see a french girl who 's a admirer of refensthal . shosanna " admire " , would not be the adjective I would use to describe my feeling towards fraulein refensthal . german soldier but you do admire the director . pabst , do not you ? that 's why you include he name on the marquee . she climb down from the ladder and face the german private . shosanna I be french . we respect director in we country . german soldier apparently even Germans . shosanna even Germans . merci for assistance , private . adieu . she turn to go back inside . german soldier you not finish ? shosanna I will finish in the morning . she open the door to go inside . german soldier May I ask you name ? shosanna you wish to see my papers ? she hand he she excellently forge papers . that 's obviously not what he mean , but he take they anyway to read she name . german soldier emmanuelle mimieux . that 's a very pretty name . shosanna merci . be you finish with my papers ? he hand they back . german soldier Mademoiselle . my name be fredrick Zoller . she give no response . german soldier it 's be a pleasure chat with a fellow cinema lover . sweet dream , Mademoiselle . he give she a little salute , and walk into the black of a curfew impose night . she look after he . she do not show it , but he kinda get to she . after all , for any true cinema lover , it 's hard to hate anybody who , cinema mon amour . ext - rooftop cinema - night shosanna stand on the roof of she cinema , late at night , lighting up a cigarette . as she take she first big drag , she remember a voice . flash on madame mimieux , the young shosanna , and the black projectionist marcel , in the projection booth . shosanna light up a cigarette , and Madame mimieux slap she face hard , knock the cigarette out of she mouth . marcel quickly stamp it out on the floor . if - 7. madame mimieux if I ever see you light up a cigarette in my cinema again , I will turn you into the Nazi 's , do you understand ? shosanna be shocked by this statement . shosanna oui , Madame . madame mimieux and for bring a open flame in my cinema , you deserve far worse then a Nazi jewish boxcar . with you thick head , what do you think the high priority of a cinema manager be ? keeping this fuck place from burn down to the ground , that 's what ! in my collection , I have over 350 , 35 mm , nitrate film print , which be not only immensely flammable , but highly unstable . and should they catch fire , they burn three time faster then paper . if that happen .. . poof ... all go , cinema no more , every body burn alive . if I ever see you with a open flame in my cinema again , I will not turn you into the Nazi 's I will kill you myself . and the fuck Germans will give I a curfew pass . do you understand I ? shosanna out , Madame . madame mimieux do you believe I ? shosanna out , Madame . madame mimieux you damn well better . back to roof shosanna exhales cigarette smoke . marcel come onto the roof . marcel be you well ? shosanna even on the roof I can not smoke a cigarette without hearing madame voice yell at I . that 's why I do it . to hear madame voice again . marcel we both miss she . shosanna I know . I be fine , darling . I will be to bed soon . marcel go back inside , shosanna smoke . int - french bistro - afternoon shosanna sit in the back of a french bistro , read a book , " the Saint in New York " by Leslie charteris , drink wine . when the young german private from the other day , fredrick zoller , walk in . he get a beer , then notice the french girl sit in the back . he smile , and head over to she . " oh no , not this guy again " , she think . again they speak in french subtitled into english ; fredrick May I join you ? shosanna look fredrick - fredrick ( smiling ) - you remember my name ? shosanna yes .... look , you seem a pleasant enough fellow - fredrick - merci . shosanna you welcome . - regardless , I want you to stop pester I . fredrick I apologize mademoiselle , I be not try to be a pest . I be simply try to be friendly . shosanna I do not wish to be you friend . fredrick why not ? shosanna do not act like a infant . you know why . fredrick I be more then just a uniform . shosanna not to I . if you be so desperate for a french girlfriend , I suggest you try Vichy ? just then two other german soldier come over , obviously very impressed with fredrick . they make a fuss over he in unsubtitled german , which nether shosanna , or the non german speak member of the movie audience , can understand . he sign autograph for they , shake they hand , and they go on they way . shosanna 's eye narrow . shosanna who be you ? fredrick I think I be just a uniform ? shosanna you not just a german soldier , be you somebody son ? fredrick most german soldier be somebody son . shosanna yeah , but you not just somebody . what be you , hitler nephew ? he lean in across the table , she lean in too , and he say ; fredrick yes . shosanna really ? fredrick no not really , I be just teasing you . she lean back annoyed . shosanna then what be it ? what be you , a german movie star ? 6'o fredrick not exactly . shosanna ( pfuit ) , what do that mean , " not exactly " . I ask if you be a movie star , the answer to that question , be yes or no . fredrick laugh at that line . fredricr when you say that just now , you remind I of my sister . this catch young shosanna off guard . fredricr I come from a home of six sister . we run a family operate cinema in munich . see you run around you cinema , remind I of they . especially my sister helga . she raise I , when we father be not up to the job . I admire she very much . you would like she , she do not wear a german uniform . shosanna you be raise by helga ? fredrick all my sister , I be the baby , but helga be the bossiest . shosanna and you mother and father ? fredrick my mother die . and my father be a loser . my father moto ; " if at first you do not succeed , quit " . the day he leave , good riddance . my sister be all I need . it 's why I like you cinema . it make I feel both closer to they , and a little homesick at the same time . shosanna be you cinema still operate ? fredricr oui. shosanna what 's it call ? 5 ! fredrick the kino haus . shosanna how have it do durring the war ? fredrick actually , in Germany , cinema attendance be up . shosanna no doubt , you do not have to operate under a curfew . fredrick how often do you fill you house ? shosanna ( pfuit ) , not since before the war . fredrick so if you have one big engagement , that would help you out ? shosanna of course , but that 's not likely to happen . two more german soldier and they two french date approach the table . they ask for fredrick autograph , he sign it for they . one of the french Girls say in french , how exciting it be to meet a real live german war hero . shosanna hear it . they leave . so that 's it , she think . shosanna so you a war hero ? why do not you tell I ? fredrick everybody know that , I like you do not . shosanna what do you do ? he take a sip of beer . fredrick I have shot the most enemy soldier in world war two ... so far . you bet you sweet ass that get she attention . shosanna wow . 52 fredrick I be alone in a bell tower in a wall off city in Russia . it be myself , and a thousand round of ammo , in a bird 's nest , against three hundred Soviet soldier . shosanna what 's a bird 's nest ? fredrick a bird 's nest be what a sniper would call a bell tower . it 's a high structure , offer a three hundred and sixty degree view . very advantageous for marksman . shosanna how many Russian 's do you kill ? fredrick sixty-eight . ( beat ) the first day . a hundred and fifty the second day . thirty -two , the third day . on the forth day , they exite the city . naturally my war story receive alot of attention in Germany , that 's why they all recognize I . they call I the german sgt. York . shosanna maybe they will make a film about you exploit . fredrick well , that 's just what Joseph Goebbels think . so he do . it 's call " Nation 's pride " , and guess what , they want I to play myself , so I do . they have poster for it in kiosk all over Paris . that 's another reason for all the attention . shosanna " Nation 's pride " be about you ? " Nation 's pride " be star you ? fredrick I know , comical , huh ? shosanna not so comical . so what be you do in Paris , enjoy a rest ? 53 . fredrick hardly . I have be do publicity , have my picture take with different german luminary , visit troops , that sort of thing . Goebbels want the film to premier in Paris , so I have be help they in the plan . Joseph be very keen on this film . he 's tell anybody who will listen , when " Nation 's pride " be release , I will be the german Van Johnson . shosanna , be not fall for the young german , by any stretch . however he exploit , as well as he charming manner , can not help but impress . but he refer to Goebbels as " Joseph " , like they friend , be all she need to get on the right side of thing . this young man be trouble with a capital " T " , and she need to stay far fuck away from he . she abruptly rise , and say ; shosanna well , good luck with you premier private . I hope all go well for Joseph and yourself . au revoir . and with that , she disappear . leave the perplex private alone . ext - cinema marquee - day it 's the next day . shosanna and marcel be change the letter on the marquee . marcel excuse himself to visit the toilet . $ hosanna be alone outside the little cinema , perch up on she ladder . when ... .a black nazi sedan pull up in front of the little cinema . a german major in a black gestapo uniform step out of the back of the sedan . the driver , a german private , step out as well . yelling to the young girl up high on the ladder ; both german and french will be subtitled into english . 5 q. gestapo major Mademoiselle nimieux ? shosanna oui ? telling he Driver in german to ask she in french ; gestapo major ask she if this be she cinema ? in french the Driver ask shosanna ; driver be this you cinema ? shosanna gestapo major tell she to come down . driver come down please . she climb down the ladder . the Driver open the back door of the sedan , indicate for she to get in . shosanna I do not understand , what have I do ? driver ( to Major ) she want to know what she 's do ? gestapo major who say she 's do anything ? driver who say you have do anything ? then in she best imitation of Madame mimeux 's arrogantmanner . shosanna then I demand to know what this be about , and where do you propose to take I ? the Driver begin to translate , when the gestapo Major hold up he hand , tell he not to bother . the Major look at the young french girl and tell she in german ; 55 . gestapo major get you ass in that car . no translation necessary . she climb into the back of the car , follow by the Germans . the sedan take off . int - sedan ( moving ) - day the Nazi sedan drive through the early afternoon Paris street . we hold shosanna in tight cu the whole ride , never show she Nazi oppressor sit beside she . we just hold on she face try not to revel anything . the sedan stop . the car door open and the Driver offer shosanna he hand . ext / int - maxium be ( famous paris cafe ) - day she step out of the car , and be lead into a Paris cafe by the gestapo Officer . it take the young jewess a moment or two before she realize she 's not be lead to a gestapo interrogation room , a railroad car , or a concentration camp , but to lunch . the best table at maxim . Three people , and two dog , sit at it . Germany 's Minister of propaganda , and the number two man in hitler third Reich , joseph goebbel , he female french translator ( and mistress ) , francesca mondino , and young private Zoller , be the people . two black french poodles , belong to Mademoiselle mondino , sit together in another chair at the table . we join they in mid-conversation ; they all speak german , subtitled into english ; goebbel - it 's only the off spring of slave that allow America to be competitive athletically . America olympic gold can measure in negro sweat . shosanna be lead through the french eatery by the gestapo Major . private Zoller see 's she , and stand up , excuse 's himself , and greet she before she reach the table . fredrick say in french , subtitled in english ; fredrick good you come . I be not sure weather or not you would except my invitation . shosanna invitation ? then ... . goebble Voice say off screen ; goebble ( os ) be that the young lady in question , fredrick ? private Zoller turn in he direction , take shosanna by the arm , and lead she to he . fredrick yes it be , beer Goebbels . emmanuelle , there be somebody I want you to meet . Joseph Goebbels , remain seat , look up at the young french girl , scrutinize she as he spoon creme brule into he mouth . the excited fredrick introduce shosanna to the propaganda minister formally . fredrick emmanuelle mimieux , I would like to introduce you to the minister of propaganda , the leader of the entire german film industry , and now I be a actor , my boss , Joseph Goebbels . Goebbels offer up he long spider - like finger for shosanna to shake . she do . goebbel you reputation precede you fraulein mimieux . he look to francesca to translate , but she 's just take a big bite of terri misu . they all laugh . fredrick jump in ... fredrick and normally , this be beer Goebbels french interpreter , Mademoiselle francesca mondino . francesca look up at shosanna . 5 '? narrator's voice come on soundtrack ; narrator ( vo ) francesca mondino be much more then Goebbels french interpreter . she 's also Goebbels favorite french actress to appear in he film ... flash on : film clip from one of francesca 's b/w Goebbels produce production . francesca , dress as a french peasant girl , with a young german ( movie ) soldier . she speak in french , subtitled in to english ; francesca / peasant girl I love you , I can not help it . my country or my heart , which do I betray ? a subtitle appear below name the film title ; " sentimental combat " ( 1943 ) flash on francesca and Goebbels have sex in she boudoir , on she red velvet bed . narrator ( vo ) and Goebbels favorite french mistress , to act in he bed . we see just a super quick shot of Goebbels fucking francesca doggy style . francesca ( animal - like ) do it ! do it ! fuck I - fill I ! back to francesca look at shosanna . francesca bon jour . shosanna bon jour . I f. fredrick and you have meet the Major . the gestapo officer step up and say , to fredrick in german ; gestapo major actually , I do not introduce myself . ( to shosanna ) Major deiter helistrom of the gestapo , at you service mademoiselle . ( he click he heel ) please allow I , have a seat . the gestapo Officer pull out a chair , for the young lady to sit down . shosanna take the hot seat . seat to she right be private Zoller . to she leave be the two curly pampere poodle . Major helistrom pour shosanna a glass of red wine from a small craft on the table . major hellstrom try the wine mademoiselle , it 's quite good . Goebbels look across the table at she . goebbel well I must say , you have make quite a impression on we boy . francesca interpret Goebbels german for shosanna . goebbel I must say fraulein , I should be rather annoyed with you . francesca interpret .. goebbel I arrive in France , and I wish to have lunch with my star ... francesca interpret ... goebbel Little do I know be 's become the toast of paris , and now he must find time for I . francesca interpret ... c9 Ã¢â‚¬Â¢ goebbel people wait in line hour , day 's , to see I . for the fuhrer and private Zoller , I wait . francesca interpret ... goebbel so finally , I be grant a audience with the young private , and he spend the entire lunch speak of you and you cinema . francesca interpret ... goebbel so fraulein mimieux , let 's get down to business . private Zoller interrupt - fredrick - heer Goebbels , I have not inform she yet . goebbel unless the girl a simpleton , I be sure she 's figure it out by now , after all she do operate a cinema . francesca , tell she . francesca tell shosanna in french ; francesca what they be try to tell you emmanuelle , be private Zoller have spend the last hour at lunch , try to convince monsieur Goebbels to abandon previous plan for private Zoller film premier , and change the venue to you cinema . Zoller react . francesca ( french to Zoller ) what ? fredrick I want to inform she . francesca shit . I apologize private , of course you do . 60 . goebbel ( german to francesca ) what 's the issue ? francesca the private want to inform the mademoiselle himself . goebbel nonsense . until I ask a few question , he have nothing to inform . let the record state , I have not agree to a venue change . major hellstrom duly note . Goebbels speak german to shosanna ; goebbel you have opera box ? shosanna goebbel shosanna goebbel more would be better . how many seat in you auditorium ? shosanna Three hundred and fifty . goebbel that 's almost four hundred less then the ritz . fredrick jump in ... fredrick but beer Goebbels , that 's not such a terrible thing . you say yourself you do not want to indulge every two face french bourgeois take up space curry favor . with less seat 's it make the event more exclusive . you not try to fill the house , they fightin g for seat . 61 . fredrick ( con 't ) besides , to hell with the french . this be a german night , a german event , a german celebration . this night be for you , I , the german military , the high command , they family and friend . the only people who should be allow in the room , be people who will be move by the exploit on screen . Goebbels listen silently , then after a bit of a pause ; goebbel I see you public speak have improve . it appear I have create a monster . a strangely persuasive monster . when the war 's over , politics await . table chuckle . goebbel well private , though it be true , I be inclined to indulge you anything . I must watch a film in this young lady cinema before I can say , yes or no . ( to shosanna ) so young lady , you be to close you cinema tonight , and have a private screen I . francesca interpret ... goebbel what german film do you have ? francesca ask .. shosanna my cinema , on german night , tend to show older german classic . francesca interpret ... goebbel why not my film ? francesca ask ... 6Z . shosanna I draw a older german audience in my cinema , that appreciate the nostalgia of the earlier time . francesca interpret ... goebbel that 's nonsense fraulein . we Germans be look forward , not backwards . that era of german cinema be dead . the german cinema I create , will not only be thee cinema of Europe . but the world only alternative to the degenerate jewish influence of Hollywood . fredrick jump in ... fredrick along with be a cinema owner , emmanuelle be quite a formidable film critic . he chuckle , but alone . goebbel wso it would appear . unfortunately for the fraulein , I have outlaw film criticism . Zoller , think fast , say ; fredrick why do not you screen " lucky kid " ? I be sure emmanuelle have not see . it . and it 's so funny , I have be meaning to recommend it to she , for she german night . that 's a great idea , let 's watch " lucky kid " tonight . goebbel ahhh , " lucky kid " , " lucky kid " , " lucky kid " . when all be say and do , my most purely enjoyable production . not only that , I would not be surprised , if sixty year from now , it 's " lucky kid " that I be the most remember for . I know it do not seem like it now , but mark my word . very well , I will have a print send over to the fraulein ' .s cinema . we will screen " lucky kid " tonight . 63 as francesca interpret this for shosanna ... ... the empty chair next to the young jewish girl be suddenly fill with the bottom half of a grey s.s. officer uniform . goebbel ah landa , you here , this be the young lady in question . the s.s. Officer sit down , and it 's we old friend from the first scene col han landa . fredrick shosanna , this4 pol han landa of the ss. , he will be run security for the premier . cu shosanna a bomb be drop and detonate behind she eye . but if she give any indication of this , she war story end here . the s.s. officer that murder she family , take she hand and kiss it , say in perfect french ; col landa charme Mademoiselle . major hellstrom better know as " the Jew Hunter " . the table laugh . goebbel oh francesca , what be that funny thing the fuhrer say about han ? francesca what thing ? goebbel you know , you be there , it be a funny thing the fuhrer say , about han ... something about a pig ? francesca 's memory be jogge . francesca oh , yes of course . she repeat it by whisper it in Goebbels ear . 6 " F goebbel oh , yes of course , that 's it . so the fuhrer say , he would not be surprised if han be not root out Jews like a truffle pig from the play pen . francesca that 's what we need , pig that can root out Jews . col landa who need pig when you have I ? Big hearty laugh around the table . goebbel do you have a engagement tonight ? col landa well , as a matter of fact , I do - goebbel - break it . we be all go to the fraulein 's cinema tonight to view " lucky kid " . col landa splendid . then Reich minister companion mademoiselle mondino , interrupt ; francesca and now I must get Reich Minister Goebbels to he next appointment . goebbel slave driver ! french slave driver ! they all chuckle . everybody begin to stand up from the table ... .. francesca gather the stupid dog ... .as col landa stand , he say ; col landa actually , in my role as security chief of this joyous german occasion , I be afraid I must have a word with Mademoiselle mimieux . c. 5 . Mademoiselle mimieux eye go to private Zoller , who respond . fredrick what sort of discussion ? col landa that sound suspiciously like a private question the order of a Colonel ? or be I just be sensitive ? fredrick nothing could be further from the truth Colonel . you authority be beyond question . but you reputation do proceed you . should Mademoiselle mimieux or myself be concerned ? goebbel han , the boy mean no harm , he 's simply smitten . and he 's correct . you reputation do proceed you . laughter all around . the Reich Minister and he axis entourage , make they way to front of the cafe , with the two dumb dog on a leash , lead the way . col landa no need for concern , you two . as security chief , I simply need to have a chat with the possible new venue 's property owner . fredrick I be just hope to escort Mademoiselle mimieux back to she cinema . goebbel nonsense ! you can eat ice cream , and walk along the sienne another time . right now , allow col landa to do he job . everybody saystheir farewell . col landa offer the young jew in hide a seat at a small table in the outside patio area of maxim . the fluency and poetic proficiency of the s.s. jew hunter french , revel to the audience , that he feign clumsiness at french with monsieur lapadite in the film first scene , be simply a interrogation - technique . bd . they speak french subtitled into english ; col landa have you try the strudel here ? shosanna no . col landa it 's not so terrible . so how be it the young private and yourself come to be acquainted ? she 's about to answer , when a waiter approach . col landa yes , two strudel , one for myself , and one for the mademoiselle . a cup of espresso , with a container of . steam milk , on the side . for the Mademoiselle , a glass of milk . consider shosanna . grow up on a dairy farm , and the last time she be on a dairy farm , she strudel companion murder she entire family , he order she milk be , to say the least ... . disconcert . the key to col landa 's power , and or charm , depend on the side one on , lie in he ability to convince you he 's privy to you secret . col landa so Mademoiselle , you be beginning to explain ....? shosanna ( anxiously ) up untill a couple of day ago , I have no knowledge of private Zoller , or he exploit . to I , the private be simply just a patron of my cinema . we speak a few time , but - col landa - Mademoiselle , let I interrupt you . this be a simple formality , no reason for you to feel anxious . the Colonel take one look at it , and say to the waiter ; 67 col landa I apologize , I forget to order the cream fresh . waiter one moment . he exit . col landa ( refuring to the apple pie ) wait for the cream . ( back to business ) so emmanuelle - May I call you emmanuelle ? shosanna oui. col landa so emmanuelle , explain to I how do it happen , that a young lady such as you self , come to own a cinema ? the waiter return , apply cream fresh to the two strudel . the s.s. Colonel look across the table at he companion , pick up he fork , he say ; col landa after you . shosanna take Ã¢â‚¬Â¢a whip creamy bite of strudel , landa follow she lead . col landa ( mouthfull of pie ) success ? shosanna , mouth full of pie , indicate she approve . . col landa like I say , not so terrible . ( back to business ) so you be explain the origin of you cinema ownership ? 69 . shosanna the cinema originally belong to my aunt and uncle - col landa remove alittle black book from he pocket . col landa - what be there name ? shosanna Jean - Pierre and ada mimieux . he record the name in he little book . col landa where be they now ? shosanna my uncle be kill during blitzkrieg . col landa pity ... . continue . shosanna aunt ada pass away from fever last spring . ' col landa regrettable . ( respectful pause ) it 's come to my attention you have a negro in you employ , be that true ? shosanna yes , he 's a frenchman . his name be marcel . he work with my aunt and uncle since they open the cinema . he 's the only other one who work with I . col landa do what ? shosanna projectionist . col landa be he any good ? shosanna the best . 61 . col landa actually one could see where that might be a good trade for they . can you operate the projector ? shosanna of course I can . col landa know the Reich Minister as I do , I be quite positive he would not want the success or failure of he illustrious evening , dependent on the prowess of a negro . so if it come to pass we hold this event at you venue , talented no doubt , as you negro may be , you will operate the projector . be that exceptable ? as if she have any say . shosanna oui . col landa take another bite of strudel , shosanna follow suit . col landa so it would appear we young hero be quite smitten with you ? shosanna private Zoller feeling for I be not of a romantic nature . col landa Mademoiselle ...? shosanna Colonel , he feeling be not romantic . I remind he of he sister . col landa that do not mean he feeling be not romantic . shosanna I remind he of he sister who raise he . 70 col landa it 's sounding more and more romantic by the minute . landa take out a handsome look cigarette case , with a s.s. logo on it . removing on of the fag , he light it up with a fancy s.s. gold lighter . he offer one to shosanna . col landa cigarette ? shosanna no thank you . col landa do you smoke ? shosanna yes . col landa then I insist , you must take one . there not french , there german . I hope you not nationalist about you tobacco , to I french cigarettes be a sin against nicotine . she take one , but make no move to light it . he inhale deep , and say ; col landa I do have some thing else I want to ask you , but right now , for the life of I , I can not remember what it be . oh well , must not of be important . col landa stand up , throw some french francs on the table , put on he grey s.s. cap , touch he finger to he visor , salute shosanna , and say : col landa till tonight . and with that he 's go . shosanna breath a sigh of relief . the camera begin to slowly lower from a medium cu to she foot ankle and floor . we see she shoe be in a puddle of urine . during she conversation and strudel with the man that exterminate she entire family , shosanna piss herself . she drop the german cigarette in to the piss puddle by she foot . 7 1. int - cinema auditorium - night the silver screen on screen be the german screwball comedy " lucky kide " . we hear off screen laughter at the on screen aryan antic . cu goebbel watch the screen , bask in he own toxic genius . cu francesca laugh at the comedy , hand cover she mouth . cu two black poodles pantingly watch the screen . cu major hellstrom smiling , smoking a french cigarette . cu col landa smoke he calabash , amused . cu fredrick zoller truly enjoy himself . cu shosanna watch the screen . the literary narrator come on the soundtrack . narrator ( vo ) while shosanna sit there pretend to be amused by the aryan antic of Goebbels Frank capra copy , " lucky kid " , a think suddenly come to she . we see she face get slightly distract behind the eye . narrator ( vo ) what if tonight , accidently , the cinema burn down ? the third Reich would lose it 's Minister of propaganda , it 's national hero , and it 's top jew hunter , all in one fall swoop . she chuckle at the think , though it look like she 's laugh at the german comedy . silver screen " the end " card for " lucky kid " be project . the Nazi rouge gallery , and shosanna , applaud the film . iz the light go up . p Goebbels except congratulation , as they stand and begin to file out into the lobby . narrator ( vo ) the screen of " lucky kid " be a complete success . and heer Goebbels concede to have the venue change to shosannas cinema . not only that , in a moment of inspiration , heer Goebbels have a idea . Goebbels speak german , and francesca translate ; goebbel I must say , I appreciate the modesty of this auditorium . you cinema have real respect , almost church like . not to say we could not spruce the place up a bit . in versaille there 's a crystal chandelier hang in the banquet hall that be extraordinary . we be go to get it , and hang it from the very middle of auditorium roof . also I want to go to Louvre , pick up a few Greek nude , and just scatter they about the lobby . montage we see a quick series of shot that show all that happen . the chandelier be remove from the ceiling of versaille . Greek nude statue be hand truck out of the Louvre . a truck drive through the french countryside with the enormous crystal chandelier in the back . the lobby of shosanna 's cinema , pimp out in Nazi iconography . worker buzz around decorate . the Greek statue be move into place . we see worker try with incredible difficulty , to hoist the huge , heavy , and twinkingly fragile chandelier , in shosannas auditorium , which now resemble something out of one of tinto brass 's italian b-movie rip off 's of visconti 's " the damned " . shosanna watch all this from a opera box , she shake she head in disbelief . 73 back to shosanna and the nazi " S in the lobby , post screen of " lucky rid " , she 's soundlessly escort they to the door , as they make they goodby . narrator ( vo ) as they leave the little french cinema that night , all the Germans be very happy ... we see private Zoller hang back , so he.can say goodbye . narrator ( vo ) none more so then private Zoller . she close the door on he . watch the Nazi 's walk into the Paris night . they shadow , for a moment on awall , look like grotesque Nazi charcther . 4644 the Nazi 's be go . marcel sit at the top of the staircase of the lobby , look down at shosanna . they speak in french subtitled into english ; marcel what the fuck be we suppose to do ? shosanna it look like we be suppose to have a Nazi premier . marcel like I say , what the fuck be we suppose to do ? shosanna well , I need to speak with you about that . marcel about what ? shosanna about this hun swine , commandeer we cinema . marcel what about it ? she slowly walk up the stair to marcel . she make he part he leg , and sit on the lower step , between he leg . her back up against he chest , he arm around she shoulder . shosanna have only know this type of intimacy with marcel . shosanna well , when I be watch the bosch ( Said in english ) capra-corn abomination , ( back to french ) I get a idea . marcel I be confuse , what be we talk about ? shosanna fill the cinema with Nazi 's and they whore , and burn it down to the ground . marcel I be not talk about that , you talk about that . shosanna no , we be talk about that , right now . if we can keep this place from burn down by ourselves , we can burn it down by ourselves . marcel shosanna - shosanna no , marcel , just for sake of argument , if we want to burn down the cinema , for any number of reason , you and I could physically accomplish that , no ? marcel oui shosanna , we could do that . shosanna and with Madame mimieux 's 350 nitrate film print collection , we would not even need explosive , would we ? marcel you mean we would not need any more explosive ? shosanna oui , that 's exactly what I mean . she begin kissing he hand . 75 . shosanna ( con 't ) I be go to burn down the cinema on Nazi night . one of he finger probe she mouth . shosanna ( con 't ) and if I be go to burn down the cinema , which I be , we both know , you not go to let I do it by myself . the back of she head press up hard against he , as he hand both caress , and grip she lovely neck . shosanna ( con 't ) because you love I . and I love you . and you the only person on this earth I can trust . she then twist around , so she 's straddle he . they be now , face to face . shosanna ( con 't ) but that 's not all we be go to do . do the filmmake equipment it the attic still work ? I know the film camera do . how about the sound recorder ? marcel quite well , actually . I record a new guitarist I meet in a cafe last week . it work superb . why do we need filmmake equipment ? shosanna because marcel , my sweet , we be go to make a film . just for the nazi' . fade to black ? G. fade off int - english country estate - day a young military attache , open the slide double door that serve as a entrance to the room . military attache right this way , Lieutenant . a snappy handsome british Lieutenant in dress brown , step inside the room . this officer , who have be mixing it up with the gerry since the late thirty , be name lo. archie hicox . a young George Sanders type ( the Saint and private affair of bel ami , year ) . upon enter the room , Lt. hicox be gobsmack . stand before he be legendary military mastermind , general ed fenech , a older George Sanders type ( Village of the damme ) . but in the back of the room , sit behind a piano , smoking he ever present cigar , be the unmistakable bulk of winston churchell . lo. hicox Lt. archie hicox , report sir . gen fenech ( salute back ) General Ed fenech , at ease hicox . drink ? hicox 's eye 's go to the formidable bulldog behind the piano , who 's scrutinize he behind he cigar . however the man behind the cigar make no gesture , and the General , make no acknowledgment of the three hundred pound gorilla in the room . which Lt. hicox know enough to mean , if churchell be not introduce , he be not there . lt.hicox if you offer I a scotch and plane water , I could drink a scotch and plain water . ?7. gen.fenech that a boy , Lieutenant . make it yourself , like a good chap , will you ? bar in the globe . hicox head over to the bar globe . lt.hicox something for yourself , sir ? gen.fenech whiskey straight . no junk in it . the Lieutenant move over to the columbus-style globe bar , and busy himself mixing spirit , play bartender chappy . fenech , eyeing the Lieutenant 's file . gen.fenech it say here you have run three undercover commando operation in Germany , and german occupy territory ? frankfaurt , Holland , and Norway to be exact ? back to they , mixing drink , he say ; lt.hicox extraordinary people , the norwegian 's . gen.fenech it say here you speak german fluently ? lt.hicox like a katzenjammer kid . gen.fenech and you occupation before the war ? his back still to we , as he bartend ... lt . h I cox I be a film critic . gen.fenech list you accomplishment ? lt.hicox well sir , such as they be , I write review and article , for a publication call ; " film and filmmaker " . as well as we sister publication . 7 for . gen.fenech what 's that call ? lt.hicox " flicker bi-monthly " . and I have have two book publish . gen. fenech impressive . do not be modest Lieutenant , what be they title ? lo. hi cox the first book be call ; " Art of the eye' , the heart , and the mind :a Study of german cinema in the twenties " . and the second one be call ; ... he turn around with he whiskey and plain water , and the Generals whiskey no junk . he finish what he be say , as he walk toward the General , hand he he drink . lt.hicox " twenty - four Frame Da vinci " . it 's a subtexual film criticism study of the work of german director g.w. pabst . lo. hi cox what should we drink to , sir ? gen.fenech ( think , for a moment ) down with Hitler . lt.hicox all the way down , sir . gen.fenech be you familiar with german cinema under the third Reich ? lo. hi cox yes . obviously I have not see any of the film make in the last three year , but I be familiar with it . gen.fenech explain it to I .? 77 lt.hicox pardon sir ? gen.fenech this little escapade of ours , require a knowledge of the german film industry under the third Reich . explain to I ufa , under Goebbels ? lt.hicox Goebbels consider the film he 's make to be the beginning of a new era in german cinema . a alternative to what he consider the jewish german intellectual cinema of the twenty . and the jewish control dogma of Hollywood . suddenly ... bellow from the back of the room ; churchell how 's he do ? lt . h I cox frightfully sorry sir , once again ? churchell you say he want to take on the Jews at they own game ? compare to say . Louis b.mayer ...how 's he do ? lt.hicox quite well , actually . since Goebbels have take over , film attendance have steadily rise in Germany over the last eight year . but Louis B. mayer would not be Goebbels proper opposite number . I believe Goebbels see 's himself closer to David o.selznick . Gen. fenech look to the Prime Minister . with a puff of cigar smoke , churchell say ; churchell brief he . gem . fenech Lt. bicox , at this point in time I would like to brief you on , operation kino . Three day from now , Joseph Goebbels be throw a gala premier of one of he new movie in Paris - 80 . lt.hicox - what film sir ? the General have to resort to peek at he file . gen.fenech the motion picture call ; " Nation 's pride " . lt.hicox oh , you mean the film about private Zoller ? gen.fenech we do not have any intelligence , on exactly , what the film that night will be about . lt.hicox but it 's call " Nation 's pride " ? gen.fenech yes . lt.hicox I can tell you what it 's about , it 's about private fredrick Zoller . he 's the german sgt. York . fenech can not help suppress a smile , they have the right man . gen.fenech in attendance at this joyous germatic occasion , will be Goebbels , gerring , boorman , and most of the german High command , include all high rank officer of both the s.s. , and , the gestapo . as well as luminary of the Nazi propaganda film industry . lt.hicox the master race at play , aye ? gen . fenech basically , we have all we rotten egg in one basket . the objective of operation kino .... blow up the basket . lt.hicox ( reciting a a poem ) " ... and like the snow of yesteryear , go from this earth " . jolly good , sir . gen . fenech a american secret service outfit , that life deep behind enemy line , will be you assist . the Germans call they ; " the basterd " . lt.hicox " the basterd " , never hear of they . gen.fenech Whole point of the secret service , old boy , you not hearing of they . but the gerry have hear of they , because this yank have be they the devil . they leader be a chap name Lt. Aldo raine . the Germans call he , " Aldo the Apache " . lt.hicox why do they call he that ? gen.fenech best guess , be because he remove the scalp of the Nazi dead . lt.hicox scalp , sir ? gen.fenech the hair . he run he finger along he hairline . gen. fenech like a red injun . lt.hicox Rather gruesome sounding little dicky bird , be not he ? gen.fenech no doubt the whole lot , a bunch a nutter . but you have hear the expression , " it take a thief " . lt.hicox indeed . General fenech continue on with he exposition , move over to a military map . 9i . gen . fenech you will be drop into France , about twenty four kilometer outside of Paris . the basterd will be wait for you . first thing , you go to a little village call , " nadine " . ( he point it out on the map ) apparently the gerry never go there . in nadine , there 's a tavern , call , " La louisiane " , you will rendez- vous with we double agent , and she will take it from there . she 's the one who 's go to get you in the premiere . it will be you , she , and two german bear member of the basterd . she 's also make all the other arrangement you go to need . lt.hicox how will I know she ? gen.fenech I suspect that will not be too much trouble for you . you contact be Bridget von hammersmark . lt.hicox Bridget von hammersmark ? the german movie star be work for England ? gen.fenech for the last two year now . one could even say operation kino be she brainchild . in the back of the room the bulldog bark ; churchell extraordinary woman . lt.bicox quite . gen.fenech you will go to the premiere as she escort , lucky devil . she will also have the premiere ticket for the other two . get the gist ? lt.hicox I think so , sir . Paris when it sizzle . the three british bulldog laugh . 9 3 ext - cinema rooftop - day shosanna and marcel be on the rooftop of they cinema , literally , make a movie . marcel be behind a old ( even then ) bolex 35 mm movie camera , position low look up . shosanna , the camera subject , stand on box look down into it . a old timey microphone be position out of frame . as they always do , and always will , they speak french subtitled into you know what . marcel we need a sync mark . shosanna what be a sync mark ? marcel a action and noise put together , so we can sync up the picture and sound . shosanna how do we do that ? marcel clap you hand . she do . marcel in frame imbecile . she clap she hand in front of she face . marcel ready ? shosanna take a deep breath , then ; shosanna ready . marcel action . we CUT before she speak to ... gir . the scene earlier between marcel and shosanna in the lobby , on the stair , talking about burning down the cinema . Big diffrence this time , it 's in color . marcel but how do we get it develop ? only a suicidal idiot like we would develop that footage . how do we get a35 mm print with a soundtrack ? shosanna do you know one person who can do both thing ? marcel of course gaspar , very nice man , take care of all the experimental filmmaker . but nobody in they right mind would strike a print of what you talk about . if the Nazi 's find out , they life would not be worth this . he snap he finger . shosanna in a wolf fight , you ether eat the wolf , or the wolf eat you . if we be go to obliterate the Nazi 's , we have to use they tactic . marcel what do that mean ? shosanna we find somebody who can develop and process a35 mm print . and we make they do it , or we kill they . once we tell they what we want to do , if they refuse , we have to kill they anyway , or they will turn we in . marcel would you do that ? shosanna like that . snap she finger . ? S , int - SMALL film processing lab - late night a old mom and pop film processing lab circa the thirties . late late at night . gaspar , the fatherly figure of all the experimental french filmmaker in the decade before german rule , take a savage beat at the hand of he friend marcel . shosanna watch , pitiless . shosanna bring that fucker over here ! put he head down on that table . marcel , hold he arm behind he , as he force he head flat against the table top . shosanna bring a hatchet down deep into the table , just by he face . shosanna you ether do what the fuck we tell you to , or I will bury this axe in you collaborate skull . gaspar I be not a collaborator ! shosanna then prove it ! or do you manhood go no deeper , then stand to piss ? marcel , do he wife , and child know you ? marcel oui. shosanna then after we kill this dog for Germans , we will go and silence they . she lift up the hatchet , raise it high ... shosanna prepare to die , collaborator fucker ! CUT to gaspar hand the couple a SMALL silver can of 35 mm film . outside the shop window , it 's morning . int - projection booth - we see the five heavy silver film can of fredrick Zoller life story " Nations pride " ( clearly mark ) on the floor of the projection booth . the can for reel 4 be open and empty . shosanna 's at the editing bench , reel 4 , be up on the rewind ... shosanna splice she and marcel footage into reel 4 of fredrick film . rewind it , put it back in the can , and put a piece of red tape on reel 4 can . she walk out of the booth , turn off the light behind she , plunging the screen into darkness . black frame from black dissolve to ext - LA louisiane ( tavern ) - night we see a small basement tavern , with a old rustic sign out front that read , " La louisiane " . a subtitle appear : " the Village of nadine , FRANCE " two shot lt.hicox and lt.aldo raine Aldo be dress like a french civilian . hicox be dress in a german grey s.s. can p't uniform . they look out of a window , in a apartment , in the village of nadine , overlook the tavern . lt.aldo you do not say the goddamn rendez-vous be in a fuckin basement . lt.hicox I do not know . lt.aldo you say it be in a tavern ? lt.hicox it be a tavern . lt.aldo yeah , in a basement . you know , fightin in a basement offer a lot of difficulty , number one be , you fight in a basement . wilhelm wicki , join the shot , dress in a german s.s. Lieutenant uniform . wicki what if we go in there , and she 's not even there ? lt.hicox we wait . do not worry , she 's a british spy , she will make the rendez-vous . we see the other basterd , dress in french civilian clothes , be in the room as well , they be , donowitz , hirschberg , and utivich . and in the back of the room , dress in the grey uniform of a s.s. Lieutenant , Hugo Stiglitz sit off by himself , sharpen he s.s. dagger on he leather belt looped around he boot . anybody not in the scene from the basterd open chapter , be dead . Lt. hicox watch Stiglitz off by himself on the other side of the room , sharpens he dagger menacingly . . Stiglitz be fuck werid ... Lt. hicox approach Stiglitz ... lo. nicox Stiglitz , right ? stiglitz that 's right , sir . he continue bring the blade edge , up , then , down on the leather strap . lt.hicox I hear you pretty good with that ? meaning the blade . Stiglitz do not answer . lt.hicox you know , we be not look for trouble , right now . we be simply make contact with we agent . should be uneventful . however , on the off chance I be wrong , and thing prove eventful . I need to know , we can all remain calm . 99 . the renegade Gerry sergeant , stop he blade progress , and look up at the limy Lieutenant . stiglitz I do not look calm to you ? lt.hicox well , now you put it like that , I guess you do . he turn he attention back to he blade . hicox move over to Aldo , and ask he privately ; lo. hi cox this Gerry of yours , Stiglitz ? not exactly the loquacious type , be he ? Aldo just look at he . lt.aldo be that the kind man you need , the loquacious type ? lt.hicox Fair point , Lieutenant . lt.aldo so y'all git in trouble in there , what be we suppose to do ? make bet on how it all come out ? lt.hicox if we get into trouble , we can handle it . but if trouble do happen , we need you to make damn sure no Germans , or french , for matter , escape from that basement . if frau von hammersmark 's cover be compromise , the mission be kaput . sgt.donowitz speak of frau von hammersmark , who 's idea be it for the death trap redez-vous ? lt.hicox she choose the spot . sgt.donowitz well be not that just dandy ? lt.hicox look , she 's not a military strategist . she 's just a actress . lt.aldo ya do not get to be stonewall Jackson to know you do not want to fight in a basement . lt.hicox she be not pick a place to fight . she be pick a place , isolate , and without german . pfc . hirschberg Lieutenant , I hate to be contrary , but I get I a Nazi pissin on Louisianna two - o'clock . they move to the window , and sure enough , one lone nazi private , relieve himself against the side wall . Lt. bicox , this be definitely , not the plan . lt.hicox shit. sgt. donowitz chide he ; sgt.donowitz so what do you think you fraulein von Hammer - lo. hicox - obviously , I do not know , sgt . the british officer watch the german soldier , who 's not suppose to be there . when Hugo Stiglitz join he at the window . Stiglitz look down at the urinate Nazi , s.s. dagger in hand . stiglitz if we be go , let 's go . he sheath the dagger . ext - LA louisiane ( basement tavern ) - night the german pissing private , sloppily finish he task . craming he noodle back in he pants , he descend the stair that lead he back into the basement tavern . we follow he ... int - LA louisiane ( basement tavern ) - night . Inside the basement tavern , La louisiane . it have a very low hang basement ceiling . a old look wood bar off to the right . and the only other space in the little tavern , be take up by two large ( at least in here ) table , which take up both half 's of the room . and despite rumor to the contrary , one of the two table , be completely fill with drunken celebrate Nazi enlist man , of which we urinate friend be one of five . five nazi be one german master sgt , one female german sgt ( a powerfully build stocky type ) , and three male german private . the five Nazi 's be sit around the table , drink , and play a very fun game with none other then the fraulein of the hour , ufa diva , BRIDGET von hammersmark . dress to the nine in a chic Forties style woman 's suit , complete with fedora . the game they play consist of each player have a card with the name of a famous person , real or imaginary , stick to they forehead . the player do not know what name be on they forehead . so they ask the other question to figure out who they be . the five Germans , five card read ; master sgt # 1 ( pola negri ) , female sgt # 2 ( beethoven ) , german private # 3 ( mata hari ) , german private # 4 ( edgar wallace ) , german private # 5 ( winnetou ) . and Bridget von hammersmark , who wear she card in the brim of she fedora , have genghis khan . it 's german#5 ( winnetou ) turn to ask question . the dialogue will be in german , and subtitled into english . also , while some dialogue will be write for the german Soldiers , it will be mostly make up from the exuberance of they game play , and celebrate . winnetou .okay , I be not german . be I american ? the whole table burst out laugh . female sgt / beethoven yes you arel edgar wallace well , not really . sgt . pola negri what do you mean , not really ? of course he be . 91 edgar wallace well if he 's so american , how come he 's never be translate into English ? he 's not american . he 's suppose to be american , but he 's not a american creation . in fact , he 's something very different . winnetou okay , I be a fictional , literary character , from the past , I be american , and that 's controversial . BRIDGET / gengus no it 's not controversial . the nationally of the author , have nothing to do with the nationally of the character . the character be the character . hamlet 's not british , he 's danish . so yes , this character be bear in America . winnetou well I be glad that 's settle . if I have a wife , would she be call a squaw ? he 's get it . the table laugh . the table yes ! winnetou be my bloodbrother , Old shatterhand ? the table yes ! winnetou do Karl May write I ? the table yes ! in the background , we see , we three counterfeit german officer , hicox , wicki , and Stiglitz , enter the basement tavern . they obviously . see the five german soldier , but they too far away for we ( the audience ) to read they face . no doubt they less then happy . fraulein von hammersmark see 's they as well . without get up , she wave to they . qz BRIDGET hello , my lovely , I will join you in moment . I be finish up a game with my five new friend here . lt.hicox no hurry , frau von hammersmark . take you time , enjoy yourself . BRIDGET ( to winnetou ) so who be you ? winnetou I be winnetou , chief of the apach ! the table cheer , and applaud the Apache Chief , as he take the card off he forehead . the other four german Soldiers drink down there beer ( part of the game ) . Bridget von hammersmark knock back she champagne . mata hari frau von hammersmark , when you friend come in , do you realize you do a double take , like in the movie ? BRIDGET really ? no , I be not aware of that at all . mata hari they must be second nature to you now ? do they teach you how to do a double take in the movie ? BRIDGET well , yes they do , but it 's not really that difficult . sgt. pola negri do one for we . the tableheartily agree . Bridget look directly at the master sgt , and do a perfect , and perfectly funny , double take . the table love it . q3. mata hari my turn , I want to try . mata hari , look directly at Beethoven , and do a double take . edger wallace I want to try . he do . soon the whole table be do dueling double take . hicox - wicki - stiglitz watch the table do dueling double take . obviously , they do not understand . then ... . Bridget von hammersmark rise , and excuse herself from the table . she remove the card stick in she fedora , look at the name gengus khaun for the first time . BRIDGET gengus khaun ! I would never of get that . she walk over , and join the masquerade Germans table , the gentlemen rise . she greet each warmly with a french cheek kiss , as if she know they well . they all take a seat . the two basterd , and one Brit , drink whiskey . the tavern proprietor , a older , big belly frenchman name earl , come over to the table , and pour more champagne into Bridget 's Champagne glass . he leave , return back behind the bar , with the young french barmaid , the only other person in the establishment . obviously , they speak german , subtitled into english ; lt.hicox I think this place be suppose to have more french then Germans ? BRIDGET normally that 's true . the sgt over there 's wife , just have a baby . his commanding officer give he , and he mate the night off to celebrate . wicxi we should leave . BRIDGET F no , we should stay . for one drink at least . I have be wait for you in a bar , it would look strange if we leave before we have a drink . lt.hicox she 's right , just be calm , and enjoy you booze . back to the german table the french barmaid , have take Bridget 's place in the rouse , rowdy game . she tell they , she person must be french , or she will not know they . winnetou think for a moment , then write a name on a card . the barmaid put it on she forehead , it say ; napoleon . the Germans all laugh . back to the basterd table BRIDGET there 's be some new development . the cinema venue have change . lt.hicox why ? BRIDGET no one know . but that in itself should not be a problem . the cinema it 's be change to be considerably smaller then the ritz . so whatever material you bring for the ritz , should be doubly effective here . now this next piece of information be colossal , try not to over react . the fubrer , will be attend tomorrow . Hugo Stiglitz do a spit take . Bridget 's eye bore hole in he . back to the real german they see Hugo do the spit take , and burst out laugh . keeping it up , they begin to do dueling spit take , like they do dueling double take earlier . needless to say , they all get wet . 9 back to basterd BRIDGET ( to hicox ) you will be go as Ernst schuller . you will say you a associate producer on riefenstahl 's " tiefland " . it 's the one german production not under Goebbels control , and leni would not be catch dead at a Goebbels film affair . back to real german table master sgt. pola negri , drink he beer , as he look over , dreamily , at Bridget von hammersmark at the other table . back to basterd we see in Bridget continue to brief hicox on he identity . the b.g. , the german master sgt stand up from he table , and head toward fraulein von bammersmark . BRIDGET . the film go through many delay , and leni 's heath be deteriorate , so if you have to speak ... hicox , see the german master sgt approach , signal for she to cool it . sgt . pola negri frau von hammersmark , I be just think , could you sign a autograph to my son on he birthday ? BRIDGET I would love to wilhelm . ( to the table ) this handsome happy sgt , just become a father today . the pretend officer offer congratulation to the sgt. the german master sgt , click he heel , and bow before he superior officer . sgt . pola negri thank you , heil Hitler . he raise he hand .... as do the seat phony officer ; " Heil Hitler " . as she take a rather fancy fountain pen from she clutch .. BRIDGET so wilhelm , do you know the name of this progeny yet ? sgt. pola negri I most certainly do , fraulein . his name be maximilian . even the slightly psychotic Stiglitz , like this german sgt . stiglitz wonderful name , sgt . sgt . pola negri thank you , Lieutenant . when he 's old enough to ride a bicycle , I will buy he a blue one . and I will paint on the side " the Blue Max " . he thrust out he beer stein , for the officer to cheer . they do . Bridget finish signing she autograph , with a big flourish . BRIDGET there you go . but wait , I be not finish yet . she reach into she clutch , and pull out some lipstick . apply some ruby red color to she lip , and then kiss the napkin , leave a big red lip print . then hand the treasure item to the young father . BRIDGET nothing but the best for little maximilian . sgt . pola negri thank you fraulein , thank you . Max may not know who you be now . but he will . I will show he all of you movie . he will grow up with you film , and this napkin on he wall . then , to the whole tavern ... sgt . pola negri I purpose a toast to the great actress in Germany ! there be no Dietrich , there be no riefenstahl , only von hammersmark ! the whole room toast . this would be a good time for the german sgt to go back to he table , and he man . and he almost do .... but ... since he be drunk , and star strike , he out wear he welcome . sgt . pola negri so , frau von hammersmark , what bring you to France ? 97 . feeling any good Nazi officer 's patience would of be exhaust long ago , Lt. hicox butt in . lt.hicox none of you business , sgt . you might not have wear out you welcome with the fraulein , with you drunken boorish behavior , but you have wear out you welcome with I . the table of game play Soldiers , hear this , and get quiet . lt.hicox might I remind you sgt. , you a enlist man . this be a officer table . I suggest you stop pester the fraulein , and rejoin you table . the german master sgt. , look quizzically at the officer . sgt . pola negri Excuse I cap't , but you accent be be very unusual . the whole room pause - for different reason ... sgt. pola negri where be you from ? a silent moment pass between the two table , then the two german bear impostor spring into action . wicki sgt .! you must be ether drunk or mad , to speak to a superior officer with such impertinentness ! Stiglitz , stand and yell to the other table ; stiglitz I be make you , ... ( point at winnetou ) .and you , .. ( point at Edgar wallace ) . responsible , for he . ( point at sgt. pola ) I suggest you take hold of you friend , or he will spend Max 's first birthday in jail for public drunkenness ! 78 the Germans spring up , and take hold of sgt.pola ... 1w when ... a german voice ring out ; german voice ( os ) then might I inquire ? the five know Germans move aside , reveling the unknown german in the room , unseen till now , we old friend from before major deiter hellstrom of the gestapo . the Major stand from the little table he be sit at . major hellstrom like the young newly christen father , I too have a acute ear for accent . and like he , I too find yours odd . from where do you hail , cap't ? wicki jump in ; wicki Major , this be highly inappr - major hellstrom T be not speak to you Lt. saltzberg , ( turn to stiglitz ) or you ether , lt.berlin . ( look at hicox ) I be speak to cap't I - - do not - know - what . the gestapo Major be now stand beside sgt. pola , before the impostor table . Lt. hicox , calmly explain he origin . lt.hicox I be bear in the village that rest in the shadow of piz palu . major hellstrom the mountain ? lt.hicox yes . in that village we all speak like this . have you see the riefenstahl film ? major hellstrom yes . for q 's lo. hicox then you see I . you remember the ski torch scene ? major hellstrom yes I do . lt.hicox in that scene be myself , my father , my sister , and my two brother . my brother be so handsome , the director pabst , give he a Close up. as Bridget von hammersmark place a cigarette in a ivory cigarette holder , which hicox , as if on cue , light for she , she say ; BRIDGET Major , if my word mean anything , I can vouch for everything the Young can p't have just say . he do hail from the bottom of piz palu , he be in the film , and he brother be far more handsome then he . the impostor laugh . then .... so do the gestapo Major . he turn to the sgt . major hellstrom you should rejoin you friend . which the young sgt be more then happy to do . that table begin play there game again . Major hellstrom , the high rank officer in the room , bow graciously to the female german celebrity . major hellstrom May I join you ? BRIDGET by all mean , Major . the gestapo Major sit at the table , opposite lt.hicox , and wicki . the french barmaid bring over the major beer stein . major hellstrom so that 's the source of you bazaar accent ? extraordinary . so what be you do here cap't ? lt.hicox aside from have a drink with the lovely fraulein ? ,00 . major hellstrom well that pleasure require no explanation . chuckle ... chuckle major hellstrom I mean in country . you obviously not station in France , or I would know who you be . lt Ã¢â‚¬Â¢ I '! I cox you know every german in France ? major bellstrom Worth know . lt.hicox well , there in lie the problem . we never claim to be worth know . chuckle ... chuckle . major hellstrom ( chuckle as he ask ) all levity aside , what be you do in France ? lo. hicox attend Goebbels film premiere as the fraulein escort . major hellstrom you the fraulein escort ? lt.hicox somebody have to carry the lighter . chuckle chuckle . BRIDGET the Captain be my date , but all three be my guest . we be old friend Major , who go back along time . long then a actress would care to admit . chuckle chuckle . major hellstrom well , in that case , let I raise a glass to the three luckiest man in the room . BRIDGET I will drink to that . 101 they cheer . back to the real german table they continue to have alot of fun play they game . back to officer table major hellstrom I must say , that game they play look like a good bit of fun . I do not join they , because you quite right cap't , officer and enlist man should not fraternize . but see as we be all officer here , ( bow to BRIDGET ) . and sophisticated lady friend of officer . what say we play the game ? Lt. hicox begin to refuse , when Bridget ( feel she know better ) , interrupt he ; BRIDGET okay , one game . major hellstrom wunderbar the Major borrow five card from the other table , and lay they out in front of Bridget and the officer . major hellstrom so the object of the game , be to write the name of a famous person on you card . Real or fictitious , do not matter . for instance , you could write confucius or fu manchu . ( he snap he finger ) Eric ' more pen . ( back to player ) and they must be famous . no aunt inga 's . when you finish write , put the card face down on the table , and move it to the person to you leave . the person to you right , will move they card in front of you . you pick up the card without look at it , lick the back , and stick it on you forehead like so . he demonstrate . ) oz . major hellstrom ( con 't ) and in ten yes or no question , you must guess who you be ... as Major hellstrom finish explain the finer point of the game , the camera pan off he , and begins slowly zooming into stiglitz . the major dialogue begin to fade away . untill we be in a spaghetti western flashback . which be red filter footage of Hugo be savagely whipped by somebody wear a gestapo uniform , superimposed over he close up . the flashback disappear . it 's drive Stiglitz crazy , be this close to a gestapo uniform , and not plunging a knife into it . the major Voice come back on the soundtrack . major hellstrom . so let 's give it a try , shall we ? everybody write you name . the five player write they name ... then move they card to the right ... everybody stick they card on they forehead ... majorbridgetwilhelmarchiehugo hellstromvon hammersmarkwickihicoxstiglitz be be be be be king marcobulldogbrigitteg.w. kong polo drummond helm pabst maj. king kong I will start , give you the idea . be I german ? they laugh . BRIDGET no . maj. king kong be I a american ? they laugh - but then wicki say ; wicki wait a minute , he go to !03 . BRIDGET do not be ridiculous , obviously he be not bear in America . maj. king kong so ... . I visit America , aye ? the table say ; " yes " . maj. king kong be this vist ... fortuitous ? wicki not for you . maj. king kong . bummm . my native land , be it what one would call , exotic ? the table confer , and decide , yes it be exotic . maj. king kong hummmm . that could be ether a reference to the jungle , or the orient . I be go to let my first instinct take over , and ask , be I from the jungle ? the tablesays ; " yes you be " . maj. king kong now gentleman , around this time you could ask , weather you real or fictitious . I however , think that 's too easy , so I will not ask that , yet . okay , my native land be the jungle ? I visit America , but my visit be not fortuitous to I , but the implication be that it be to somebody else . when I go from the jungle to America , ... . do I go by boat ? " yes " . maj. king kong do I go against my will ? " yes " . maj. king kong on this boat ride , ... . be I in chain ? " yesis maj. king kong when I arrive in America , ... be I display in chain ? " yes " . maj. king kong be I the story of the negro in America ? the table say , " no " . maj. king kong well then I must be King Kong . be throw the card on the table . they applaud he . major hellstrom Nov since I answer correctly , you all need to finnish you drink . the three counterfeit Nazi 's knock back they whiskey . major hellstrom now , who 's next ? lt.hicox Major , I do not mean to be rude . but the four of we be very good friend . and the four of we have not see each other in quite a while . so ... Major , I be afraid , you be intrude . major hellstrom I beg to differ cap't . it 's only if the fraulein consider my presence a intrusion , that I become a intruder . how about it fraulein ? be I intrude ? BRIDGET of course not , Major . major hellstrom I do not think so . it 's simply the young can p't be immune to my charm . the table 's not sure what to do , be this a confrontation ? then , the Major laugh . major hellstrom I be just joke , of course I be intrude . major hellstrom allow I to refill you glass gentleman , and I will bid you and the fraulein adieu . ( lean in ) Eric have a bottle of thirty - three year old single malt scotch whisky from the Scottish highland . what do you say gentleman ? lt.hicox you most gracious , sir . major hellstrom Eric , the thirty - three , and new glass ! you do not want to contaminate the thirty - three with the swill you be drink . eric how many glass ? lt.hicox five glass . major hellstrom not I . I like scotch , scotch do not like I . BRIDGET nor i. I will stay with bubbly . Lt. bicox , hold up three finger ( pinky to index ) , to Eric the owner . lt.hicox Three glass . Eric bring the three glass , and the old bottle , pour for the three soldier . Major helistrom lift up he beer stein , and toast ; major hellstrom to a thousand year Reich ! they all mutter , " a thousand year reich " , and toast glass . the gestapo Major put down he beer stein , and then we hear a click , under the table . major hellstrom do you hear that ? that 's the sound of my luger point right at you testicles . ! q ( Ã¢â‚¬ Â¢ lt.hicox why do you have a luger point at my testicles ? major hellstrom because you have just give yourself away , cap't . you no more german then that scotch . lt.hicox well , - Major - BRIDGET - Major - major hellstrom - shut up slut . ( to hicox ) you be say ? lt.hicox I be say that make two of we . I have have a gun point at you ball since you sit down . sgt . stiglitz that make three of we . undertable we see all three gun point at appropriate crotch . as well as Bridget 's leg , right besides the Nazi Major 's . her pretty gam be sure to be chew up in the possible crossfire . sgt . stiglitz and at this range , I be a real fredrick Zoller . Hugo alsobring out he dagger , and sitck it in the table top . major hellstrom hummmmm ... look like we have a bit of a sticky situation here . lt . h icox what 's go to happen , Major , be you go to stand up , and walk out that door with we . major hellstrom no no no no no no , I do not think so . I be afraid you and I both know , no matter what happen to anybody else in this room , the two of we be not go anywhere . " 7 . major hellstrom ( point behind he at the table ) too bad about they though . they seem like a likeable ( refer to Stiglitz and wicki ) you two will have to shoot they . BRIDGET then Major , i implore you . for the sake of that german troops , will you please leave with we ? major hellstrom oh Bridget , you concern for german troops , get I ( point at he heart ) . right here . you mean for the sake you whore leg , do not you ? you can not afford to get any bullet hole in they , you not finish spread they for all the Hollywood Jews . Lt. hicox pick up he thirty - three year old single malt scotch , and say ; lt.hicox ( english ) ' well , if this be it old boy , I hope you dont mind if I go out speak the king ? major hellstrom ( english ) by all mean , cap't . the English film critic , commando , pick up the thirty - three the Nazi Major buy he , and say ; lt.hicox there 's a special rung in hell reserve for people who waste good scotch . and see as I might be rapping on the door momentarily ... he downs the stuff . lt.hicox ( to the Nazi major ) I must say , damn good stuff , sir . he put the glass down . lt.hicox now about this , " Pickle " , we find ourself 's in . it would appear , there 's only thing leave for you to do . major hellstrom ( english ) and what would that be ? lt.hicox Stiglitz . stiglitz say , auf wiedersehen to you ball ! stiglitz fire into hellstrom's ball ... as do hicox , hitting not only hellstrom , but BRIDGET as well . hellstrom fire into hicox's ball and knee cap . stiglitz then jump over the table , and begin stabbing hellstrom with the dagger . hicox fall to the floor .... dead . BRIDGET fall to the floor . , shot . wicki bring he weapon out from underneath the table , and begins firing across at the german at the table , who unaware , be still playing the game . winnetou be shot in the back , before he even know what be happen . edgar wallace and the french barmaid be both shot by wicki . sgt . pola negri fall to the floor in the confusion . female sgt . beethoven and stiglitz bring they gun toward each other and FIRE . they both take and give each other so many bullet , it 's almost romantic when they collapse dead on the floor . I 09 . wicki and hata hari both on there atmata aari be hit three tim atally ) G sgt. pola negri come the a chine gunn , whole thehroom ; , bwipi ngeric . the shoot stop ... the smoke cause by the gunfire ... start to dissipate ... the only one in the room leave alive , be the young german sgt , with the machine gunn . we hear the foot of the soldier outside , reach the basement entrance . the door open ... , . the german sgt , send fifty bullet in the door direction ... no one go through it . what we have here , be a rabbit hole like situation . no one inside be get out , no one outside be get in . the young german sgt , yell in english , to the outside ; german sgt you outside ! who be you ? british , american , what ? Aldo 's Voice yell down the hole ; aldo' voice ( os ) be american 's 1 what be you ? german sgt I be a german you idiot ! aldo' voice ( os ) you speak English pretty good for a german ! german sgt I agree ! so let 's talk ! aldo' voice ( os ) okay , talk ! german sgt I be a father ! my baby be bear today in Frankfurt ! five hour ago ! his name be Max ! we be in here drink and celebrate ! they be the one that come in shoot and kill ! it 's not my fault ! ito . aldo' voice ( os ) okay , okay , it be not you fault ! what 's you name soldier ? german sgt wilhelm ! aldo' voice ( os ) that 's the same name as one of the guy you just kill ! wilhelm they attack we ! aldo' voice ( os ) okay wilhelm ... . be anybody alive on we side ? wilhelm no ! we hear a voice off screen , yell out ; bridget' voice ( os ) I be alive ! wilhelm spin in the direction of the voice . still R on the floor , with a bullet in she bloody leg , lie the alive Bridget von hammersmark . the german sgt point the muzzle of the machine gunn at the german celebrity ; with hate in he eye . aldo' voice ( os ) who 's that ? wilhelm ( to BRIDGET , low ) make a sound whore , and I spit ! meaning the muzzle . aldo' voice ( os ) wilhelm , who be that ? wilhelm be the girl on you side ? pause . aldo' voice ( os ) which girl ? wilhelm 1 who do you think , von hammersmark ! aldo' voice ( os ) yeah , she 's oar 's ! wilhelm ( to Bridget low in german ) I think so . so you run with the american 's now , huh ? now time be bad ? aldo' voice ( os ) be she okay ? wilhelm ( to Bridget low in german ) you despicable traitor . ( to Aldo ) she 's be shot , but she 's alive . ( to Bridget low in german ) for now . we hear the basterd curse they luck off screen . aldo' voice ( os ) okay wilhelm , what would ya say we make a deal ? wilhelm what 's you name ? aldo' voice ( os ) Aldo . wilhelm , can I call yap willi ? wilhelm yes . aldo' voice ( os ) so willi , you know we could lob three or four or five or six grenade down there , and you little war story end here . but good fer you , bad fer she , you die , she die . so what say we make a swap ? willi keep talk ? 112 . aldo' voice ( os ) okay , willi here 's my deal ! you let I and one of my man come down to take the girl away ! and we take the girl , and leave ! that simple , willi ! you go you way , we go ours ! and little Max , get to grow up play catch with he daddy ! so what 'ya say , willi , we get a deal ? willi think ... Bridget watch willi think ... willi Aldo ? aldo' voice ( os ) I be here willi ! willi I want to trust you .... but howcani ? aldo' voice ( os ) what choice ya get ? willi I could kill the girl ! aldo' voice ( os ) well now , willi , that 's true enough . but something you need to know , so you do not get the wrong idea . ai not none of we give a fuck bout that girl . but , admittedly , if you kill she , it would fuck up we plan . but you will be dead by then anyway , so what would you care ? and let not forget that little gatzenjammer Max , growin up without a pop . so in the spirit of gettin you home to he , we get a deal , willi ? willi okay Aldo , I be go to trust you ! come down , no gun ! Aldo and hirschberg come down the stair , show open hand . willi keep he machine gunn train on they . Aldo with he hand up , say ; a aldo hey willi , what 's with the machine gunny I think we have a deal ? willi we do have a deal , now git the girl and go . aldo not so fast , willi , we only have a deal , we trust each other . a mexican stand off be not trust . willi you need gun on I for it to be a mexican stand off . aldo you get gun on we , you decide to shoot , we be dead . up top , they get grenade , they drop them down here , you dead . that 's a mexican stand off , and that be not the deal . willi just take that fuck traitor , and go ! see ? now you down here now you get tricky - t aldo - no trick !- ai not nobody gittin tricky , willi ; I swear to god , I be too damn dumb toget tricky . but ( meaning hirschberg ) he and I live upto the deal . we come down without gun . now it 's you turn . no trust , no deal . willi point gunn at they . , , , - think ... aldo i know you scar . I be scar , he 's scar , we be all scar . so what 's it gonnabe willi ? ether we get a deal , or you might as well just shoot we now . willi decide ... he put the machine gunn down on the bar . willi Fine . take that fuck traitor and get she out of my sight . aldo danka , willi , danka . okay , hirschbeg , you grab she shoulder - when ... from behind Aldo and hirschberg , Bridget lift up Major hellstrom luger , and empties the remain bullet into sgt.willi , who fall to the floor , dead . Aldo and hirscberg spin around shocked . aldo you fuckin bitch ! I have a deal with that man ! from the floor , the bloody , sweaty , and in excoriate pain ( she will probably lose that leg ) , german movie star , say to the two american soldier 's she 's just meeting for the first time ; BRIDGET he be a enemy soldier , who know who I be . he could not live . 3 hirscberg lose control , and rick the woman on the floor , hard in the side . hirschberg I ought 'a beat you fuckin head in aldo stop it . just pick she up , and get that bitch outta here . hirschberg Aldo , she just - aldo - she 's right . hirschberg what ? aldo I say , she 's right . he be a Nazi soldier . if he live , he would doom the mission . eli ) be , . aldo 61 ( con 't ) do not mean I like it , do not mean I like she , but she 's right . now as willi say , " take this fuckin traitor , and get 'er outta my sight " . ext - LA louisiane - night hirschberg , carry fraulein von hammersmark , and Aldo emerge from the bowel of the basement . Bridget point at a fancy black sedan , tell they it 's she 's . Aldo , hirschberg , Bridget , donowitz , and utivich pile in , and take off . int - french house in country ( bedroom ) - night note : in this entire scene , no french speak will be subtitled . a old man lie asleep under the cover of he blanket , in he bed , in he bedroom ... when ... off screen the sound of a door be kicked OPEN ... be . the SOUND of what sound like EIGHT dog barking .... and the sound of feet running toward US ... .his bedroom door , be thrown OPEN , and sgt. donowitz rush in , grab the Old man in he bed , and put a 45 Automatic to he head . sgt.donowitz ( english ) Doctor ? Doctor ? old man ( french ) what ? what 's happen ? head , shocking , donny slam the 45 . hard against the Old man 's scarring , and bring the old go to attention . sgt.donowitz ( english ) Doctor ? be you a fuck doctor ? he nod he head , yes . sgt.donowitz andi amo ... donny yank / drag the Old man out of bed , in he almost comical nightshirt ( which make he cuter , thus the brutality against he hurt more ) towards the door ... int - doctor examining room - night . into a doctor examine room , build into a french country house , with a examine table , and medical instrument . however , it 's obviously the medical examine room of a veterinarian . along the wall be different cage with eight excited barking dog in it . the Soldiers be put the shot in the leg , bleed , and in excruciate pain , Bridget on the examine table . donny , still hold on to the Old man , point in the girl direction ... sgt.donowitz ( english ) she 's be shot . shot. bang bang ... ( point at he leg ) . in leg ... understand ? old man ( french ) no no no , I do not speak English . donny jam the barrel of he 45 . into the thigh of the Old man . sgt.donowitz ( english ) bang bang - in the leg , understand ! the Old man nod he head yes . old man ( french ) but I be a veterinarian ... animal ... I take care of animal ... Bridget scream from the table ... BRIDGET ( english ) he 's a fuck veterinarian you imbecile ! 1 00 . sgt.donowitz I it 's still a doctor . if he can get a bullet out of a cow , he can get a bullet outta you . lt.aldo right now , we just need morphine . donny yell at the Old man ; sgt.donowitz morphine ! we need morphine ! the Old man try to explain in french , that he 's not a human doctor ... when ... .. donny take the 45 . and shoot one of the dog in the cage . everybody jump . donny scream at the Old man ; sgt.donowitz morphine !!! 7 bang he shoot another dog ... sgt.donowitz morephine !!! the Old man beg he to stop , and go to get the morphine . CUT to the body of gestapo Major deiter hellstrom dead on the floor . int - LA louistane - night be back in the basement tavern . Colonel han landa stand over the corpse . he move over to the next corpse , a smile break out on he face . he say in german subtitled into english ; col . landa ahhh Hugo , you have move up in the world I see . Lieutenant . and with you record of insubordination . truly remarkable . I a Nazi soldier name herrman , join the s.s. Officer . col. landa and that one ... ( point at wicki ) .name be weiheim wicki . bet austrian bear jew , who immigrate to the United States when thing begin turn sour for the israelite . they be the two german bear member of the basterd . they have be know to don german uniform , to ambush squad . flash on Three Nazi Soldiers walk towards a company of other german Soldiers . the Three Soldiers back be to we . dried bloody bullet hole cover the back of the three uniform . the sgt of the german company , yell to the trio ; sgt . german company what bring you all the way out here ? the trio mow down the german company with they machine gunn . back to landa col landa but that doesnt look like this . this be odd . look down he see 's something ... . bend down , he examine fraulein von hammersmark two pretty dress shoe lie on the floor . one shoe be cover in blood . the other , while blood speckle , be fairly clean . pick up the clean shoe , and hold it in he hand . col. landa it would appear somebody miss . somebody fashionable . a off screen soldier' voice cry out ; soldier voice ( os ) col , this one still alive ! we follow han to the spot on the floor where sgt. willi lie . he 's shot in the chest , but it look like Max 's daddy be still alive . !!. int - examining room - Ã‚Â° night Bridget on the examine table , post morphine shot . the other basterd in the room watch Aldo interrogate the german lady . lt.aldo now ' fore we yank that slug outta ya , you need to answer a few question BRIDGET few question about what ? lt.aldo about I get three man dead back there , and why do not you try tellin we what the fuck happen ? BRIDGET the british officer blow he german act , and a gestapo Major see it . lt.aldo ' fore we get into who shot John , why do you invite my man to a rendez-vous in a basement with a bunch of Nazis ? BRIDGET I can see , since you do not see what happen inside , the Nazi 's be there must look odd . lt.aldo yeah , we gotta word for that kinda odd in English , it 's call , suspicious . bri dget do not let you imagination get the better of you , Lieutenant . you meet the sergeant , willi . he have a baby tonight . his commanding officer give he and he friend the night off to celebrate . the Germans be there be just a tragic coincidence . Aldo think for a moment ... lo. aldo okay , I will buy that . he be ether there with he man wait for we , or he be there celebrate he son birthday , he be not doin both . 120 . lt.aldo how do the shootin start ? BRIDGET the English man , give himself away . lo. aldo how do he do that ? BRIDGET he order three glass . she hold up three finger , index to pinky . BRIDGET we order , three glass . she hold up three finger , thumb to index . BRIDGET that 's the german three . the other be odd . Germans would , and do notice it . lo. aldo okay , let 's pretend there be no Germans , and everything go exactly the way it be suppose to . what would of be the next step ? BRIDGET tuxedos . to get they into the premiere , wear military uniform , with all the military there , would of be suicide . but go as member of the german film industry , they wear tuxedo , and blend in with everybody else . I arrange a tailor to fit three tuxedo tonight . lt.aldo how do you intend to get they into the premiere ? BRIDGET Hand I my purse . they do . and she open it , and take out three ticket to the film premiere . BRIDGET Lt. hicox be go as my escort . the other two be go as a german cameraman and he assistant . inn Ã‚Â® lo. aldo can you still get we in that premiere ? BRIDGET can you speak german better then you friend , no . have I be shot , yes . I do not see I trip the light fantastique up the red carpet any time soon . least of all by tomorrow night . ( pause ) however , there 's something you do not know . there 's be two recent development regard operation kino . one , the venue have be change from the ritz , to a much smaller venue . lt.aldo enormous change at the last minute ? that 's not very germatic . why the hell be Goebbels doin stuff so damn peculiar ? BRIDGET it probably have something to do with the second development . lo. aldo which be ? flash on in a private dinning room in germany , the fuhrer , aka adolph Hitler , aka adolph shicklegroover , aka the bohemian corporal , have dinner with Goebbels , only a few short day ago . the fuhrer ( german ) I have be rethink my position in regards to you Paris premiere of " Nations pride " . as the week have go on , and the Americans be on the beach , I do find myself think more and more about this private Zoller . this boy have do something tremendous for we . and I be beginning to think my participation in this event could be meaningful . back to BRIDGET BRIDGET the fuhrer 's attend the premiere . 1 2 Z. donny break the team silence ; sgt.donowitz what ? lt.aldo when the hell do this happen ? BRIDGET the venue change , two week ago . the fuhrer 's attendance , four day ago . lo. aldo and how come London do not know nothing about that ? BRIDGET we need to get something straight , once and for all . everything London know , it learn from I . if I do not know , London do not know . so now , this be I , inform you , Hitler 's come to Paris . sgt.donowitz fuck a duck ? Aldo stand up from the chair , pace as he take in this new information . BRIDGET what be you think ? lt.aldo I be think get a wack at plantin ole uncle adolph make this a horse of a different color . BRIDGET what 's that suppose to mean ? lt.aldo it mean , you gettin we in that premiere . BRIDGET I be go to probably end up lose this leg , bye bye act career , fun while it last . how do you expect I to walk up a red carpet ? x73 lt.aldo the doggie doc gonna dig that slug outta you gam . then he 's gonna wrap it up in a cast , and you gotta good how I break my leg mountain climb story . that 's german , be not it ? y'all like climbin mountain , do n'tch ? BRIDGET I do not . I like smoking , drink , and order in restaurant , but I see you point . lo. aldo we fill ya up with morphine , till it 's comin out ya ear . then just limp you little ass up that rouge car-pet . BRIDGET splendid . when the Nazi 's put I up against a wall , it will not hurt so much . ( change tone ) I know this be a silly question before I ask it , but can you american 's speak any other language then English ? hirschberg other then yiddish ? BRIDGET preferably . donny refer to Aldo and himself . sgt.donowitz we both speak alittle italian . BRIDGET with a atrocious accent , no doubt . but that do not exactly kill we in the crib . Germans do not have a good ear for italian . so you mumble italian , and brazen through it , be that the plan ? lo. aldo that 's about it . BRIDGET that sound good . lt . aldo it sound like shit , but what else we gonna do , go home ? BRIDGET no , it 's good . if you do not blow it , with that , I can get you in the building . ( Change tone ) so , who do what ? lt.aldo well I speak the most italian , so I will be you escort . donowitz speak the second most , so he will be you italian cameraman . and hirschberg third most , so he will be donny assistant . hirschberg I do not speak italian . lo. aldo like I say , third best . just keep you fuckin mouth shut . in fact why do not you start practise , right now . BRIDGET ( meaning utivich ) what about the little one ? utivich do you mean I ? BRIDGET I do not mean any offence . utivich none take you german cunt . lt.aldo utivich be the chauffeur . utivich I can not drive . Bridget scream in frustration ; BRIDGET you Americans be fuck useless ! utivich ivgimmie a break , I be from Manhattan . lt.aldo no worry , son . we get over fourteen hour before the movie tomorrow . more then enough time for you to learn to drive . utivich no no no no , Lieutenant , it 's not ! lt.aldo oh yes yes yes yes , private , it be . and yes yes yes yes , you will . ( change tone ) look utivich , you and I both know , if we go to grade school together , you damn sure be not copyin off of my test . well I ler not to drive in four hour on a Tennessee mountain road . and I be a shit for brain coal miner bootlegger . hirschberg , you know how to drive , right ? hirschberg yes . lt.aldo teach them . BRIDGET but there be a problem . I be a movie star . this be a movie premiere . I can not show up look like I be just in a Nazi gun fight . now I have a dress for the premiere at my hotel . but sometime tomorrow , I have to get my hair do . all the basterd , except donny , burst out laugh . lo. aldo sister , you must get wunderbar luck . guess who go to beauty school ? the camera whip pan to sgt.donowitz . Bridget roll she eye . 1 26 . black frame chapter title appear : chapter five " revenge of the giant face " fade off int - shosannas and marcel live quarter - night we're in shosannas and marcel live quarter , above the cinema . we have never be in here before . a subtitle appear on screen : night of " nation' pride " premiere she 's stand before a full length mirror , in a real attractive Forties style dress for the premiere . she 's stun . this be the first time in she life she 's have the opportunity , or the occasion to wear something like this . since she know this be the last night of she life , no time like the present . sound of the hub-bub of the premiere , not to mention the german brass band that 's blaring third Reich Marches , can be hear come from below . shosanna walk to she apartment window , and look down at the germatic miasma below . shosannas Pov : we see all the pageantry below . ton of spectator . ton of guest dress in Nazi uniform , tuxedo , and female finery , walk up the long red carpet ( with a big swastika in the middle , naturally ) lead into shosannas cinema . the german brass band omm -pa-pa-ing away . german Radio and Film crew cover the event for the fatherland back home . and of course , many german soldier provide security for this joyous germatic occasion . shosanna cough up a lugi , and hock it . a german s.s. general , be interview by a radio commentator , the lugi hit he right on he bald head . shosanna go back to the full length mirror , place a very fashionable Forties style hat on she head , then lower the period style black fish net veil over she face . she take out a small gun , and put it in the pocket of she dress . , and it 's on . she exit the apartment door , to join the premiere . from this point on , there 's no turn back , it 's all the way baby , all the fuck way ! 12.7 . int - cinema stairwell - night the stairwell in the building that connect the live quarter , with the cinema . she walk down the stair , go through a door that put she next to the projection booth door . she take out a key and open it . int - projection booth - night marcel prepping the film reel for tonight . the five silver metal film can that carry one 35 mm reel of film each be laid out . the can for reel one and two be empty . can for reel three , we specially mark can for reel four , and can for reel five ( which should never see the light of a projector ) lie in wait . shosanna , look like a Forties movie star , enter the projection booth . the scene in french subtitled in english ; marcel ooh lala , danielle darrieux , this be so exciting . please to meet you . shosanna shut up fool . marcel lift up the veil cover she face , and they lip meet . shosanna cheeky black bugger . I have to go down and socialize with this hun pig . let 's go over it again ? marcel reel one be on the first projector . reel two be on the second . Three and four be ready to go . shosanna okay , the big sniper battle in the film begin around the middle of the third reel . we film , come on in the forth reel , so somewhere towards the end of the third reel , go down and lock the door of the auditorium . then take you place behind the screen , and wait for my cue , when I give it to you , burn it down ! 12 1. int - cinema lobby - night the pageantry of the evening be in full swing , as all the german beautiful people , enter the cinema . they mingle in the swastika cover , greek nude statue pepper lobby . Nazi military commander , High ranking Party official , and german celebrity ( emil tanning , veit harlin ) , hob knob and drink Champagne from pass waiter who carry glass on silver trays . we see shosanna enter from the area at the top of the big staircase in the lobby that overlook the lobby parlor entrance . she descend the staircase , and busy herself with theatre stuff . at the top of the staircase , look down at the master race in all there finery , be Colonel han landa , dress in he finest ss uniform , smoking on he calabash . camera frame directly behind he . on the right side , we see the figure of col . landa , from behind , watch the guest enter the cinema . on the leave side of frame , be the cinema entrance , from a look down perspective of the guest enter the building . then ... .a think bubble , like in a comic book , appear on the leave side of frame , obscure the cinema entrance . Inside of landas think bubble , a little scene play out . think bubble Inside a hospital room fill with doctor , nurse , and a patient in a hospital bed . then Col. landa enter the room , and scream at everybody ; col.landa I want everybody out of this room ! they start to leave . col.landa that mean now , goddamnit ! they rush out . he walk over to the patient in the hospital bed , its none other then sgt . willi , and yes , he 's still alive . landa pull up a chair next to the bed , sit down . col. landa can you speak , sgt ? L - ) 1 . sgt . willi ( weakly ) yes Colonel . col. landa tell I everything that happen in there ? the think bubble dissolves away , reveling the entrance again , and as if on perfect cue , in walk Bridget von hammersmark , dress lovely , leg in a big white cast . the three basterd in they tuxedo , flank she . cu col . landa smile . he descend the stair , towards the four saboteur ... they speak in german , subtitled in english ; col . landa fraulein von hammersmark , what have befallen Germany 's most elegant swan ? BRIDGET Colonel landa , it 's be year . dash as ever I see . col . landa flattery will get you everywhere , fraulein . they chuckle , and air kiss . col . landa so what 's happen to you lovely leg , a by product of kick ass in the german cinema , no doubt . BRIDGET save you flattery , you old dog . I know too many of you former conquest , to fall into that honey pot . chuckle -chuckle ... col . landa seriously , what happen ? 130 . BRIDGET well , I try my hand , foolishly I might add , at mountain climb . and this be the result . col . landa Mountain climb ? that 's how you injure you leg , mountain climb ? BRIDGET believe it or not , yes it be . a brief moment pass between the two ... then ... the Colonel burst out with uproarious laughter . so uproarious in fact , that it 's quite disconcert to the four saboteur . the Colonel begin to regain he composure ... col. landa forgive I , fraulein . I do not mean laugh at you misfortune . it 's just .mountain climb ? I be curious fraulein , what could of ever compel you to undertake such a foolhardy endeavor ? the double meaning be not lose on the german actress . BRIDGET well , I chant be do it again , I can tell you that . col. landa that cast look as fresh as my old uncle gustave , when be you climb this mountain , last night ? BRIDGET very good eye , Colonel . it happen yesterday morning . col . landa hummm . and where exactly in Paris be this mountain ? this stop she for a seconded . then landa laugh it off , take they off the hook . 13 [ . col.landa I be just teasing you , fraulein . you know I , I tease rough . so who be you three handsome escort ? BRIDGET I be afraid neither three speak a word of german . they friend of mine from Italy . this be a wonderful italian stuntman , Antonio margheriti . ( meaning Aldo ) a very talented cameraman , enzo gorlomi . ( meaning donny ) and enzo 's camera assistant , dominick decocco . the german fraulein turn to the three tuxedo wear basterd . BRIDGET ( italian ) gentlemen , this be a old friend , col . san landa of the s.s. the basterd know only too well who landa the Jew Hunter be , but they can not show it . lt.aldo col. landa margheriti ...? ( italian ) be I say it correctly ...? . margheriti ? lo. aldo ( italian ) yes. correct . col. landa ( italian ) margheriti .... say it for I once please ...? lo. aldo margheriti . 13 ZÃ¢ â‚¬â¢ col. landa ( italian ) I be sorry , again ...? lt.aldo i4argheriti . col. landa ( italian ) once more ... .? lt.aldo margheriti . col . landa nargheriti . ( french ) it mean daisy , I believe . turn he gaze to donny . col. landa ( italian ) what 's you name again ? sgt.donowitz enzo gorlomi . col. landa ( italian ) again ... .? sgt.donowitz gorlomi . col. landa ( italian ) one more time , but let I really hear the music in it . sgt.donowitz ( hammy italian ) gorlomi . now to hirschberg ... col. landa ( italian ) and you ? then hischberg break out the best italian accent of the group ; ) 33 . hirschberg dominick decocco . col . landa dominick decocco ? hirschberg dominick decocco . col. landa bravo ... . bravo . BRIDGET ( german ) well , my two cameraman friend need to find there seat . Col. landa stop a waiter with a tray of champagne glass . col. landa ( german ) not so fast , let enjoy some champagne . everyone get a glass . col. landa ( french ) - oh , Mademoiselle mimieux , please join we , I have some friend I would like you to meet . shosanna join the circle , and be hand a champagne glass . this be the first moment the basterd be aware of shosanna . col. landa ( french ) May I say Mademoiselle , you look divine . shosanna ( french ) merci ' . col. landa ( german ) this lovely young lady , be Mademoiselle emmanuelle mimieux , this be she cinema , and she be we hostess for the evening . ( french ) and Mademoiselle , this batter , break , and none worse for the wear german goddess , be Bridget von hammersmark . 1 3 W. BRIDGET bonjour . shosanna bon jour . BRIDGET ( french ) I be afraid my companion do not speak any french , there italian . this be antonino , enzo , and dominick . all three smile goofy spaghetti bender smile . col. landa ( french ) actually fraulein von hammersmark italian associate , need help find there seat . perhaps Mademoiselle mimieux would be so kind to escort they ? shosanna ( french ) it would be my pleasure . let I see you ticket ? donny hand she two ticket . she indicate for they to follow she . donny and hirschberg both exchange one last look with Aldo , then follow the young french girl into the auditorium . int - auditorium - night the cinema auditorium be fill up quickly with grey and black uniform . shosanna find the two counterfeit italian they seat . after she point out they seat , she turn to leave ... hirschberg ... . reach out and grab she wrist . he look she in the face , and fill with tremendous guilt , because if he 's successful tonight he 's go to blow this cute french girl to smithereen , he say ; hirschberg grazie . 13r . the cute french girl look back at the goofy look italian boy with slicked back hair , that make he look kind of jewish , with tremendous guilt , know if she be successful tonight , she 's go to burn he alive , and say ; shosanna prego . back to lobby they begin flick the light on and off . a german soldier yell in german in the lobby ; german soldier take you seat ! the show be about to begin ! everybody take you seatsl Col.Landa , Lt. Aldo , and Bridget be still together . col. landa ( german ) I must call the fuhrer . he do not want to make he entrance untill everybody seat . come with I frau von hammersmark . the fuhrer have hear you here , and he wish to commend you personally . BRIDGET ( german ) me? why ? col. landa ( german ) do not be modest . everybody be quite take with you resolve . a accident , like you have just experience , and yet you still show up to to a important Party event . the fuhrer be quite adamant in he gratitude . we will use Mademoiselle mimieux 's office . ( to Aldo in italian ) I be afraid I must rob you of you companion , but only for a moment . BRIDGET ( italian ) yes , apparently the fuhrer wish to commend I . ' 36 col. landa ( italian ) wait here a moment . I promise I will not detain she long . what be ether of they suppose to do , argue ? Col. landa go over to one of the Nazi gaurd / usher , and whisper in he ear , gesture toward Aldo . like he 's say , leave the boy alone , till we come back ... . or be he ? Col. landa limp Bridget away towards shosannas office . as Aldo stand in the lobby , more and more people enter the auditorium , till it 's only Aldo and the six Nazi gaurd / usher in the now vacant lobby . int - shosanna's office - night shosanna 's cinema manager office . it 's small , cluttere , and dominate by a desk . they both enter . Col. landa close the door behind he , and lock it . Bridget notice , but say nothing . now the two Germans be alone . col. landa have a seat fraulein . point at one lone chair in front of the desk . she lower herself in the chair . instead of move around to the other side of the desk , opposite she . the ss Colonel pull another little chair over , and place it in front of the fraulein . he sit . they knee almost touch . the colonel point to the foot not in the cast . col. landa ( german ) let I see you foot . BRIDGET ( german ) I beg you pardon ? 1 31 pat he lap . col.landa put you foot in my lap . BRIDGET Colonel , you embarrass I . col.landa I assure you fraulein , my intention be not to flirt . pat he lap more with more aggression . the nervous fraulein , lift up she strapy dress shoe enclose foot , and place it in the Colonel 's lap . the Colonel , very delicately , unfasten the thin strap that hold the fraulein shoe on she foot ... . he remove the shoe ... . leave only the fraulein bare foot ... then ... he remove from he heavy ss coat pocket , the pretty dress shoe the fraulein leave behind at La louisiane ... he slip it on she foot ... . it fit like a glove . Bridget know she 's busted . Col. landa smile and say in english ; col. landa what 's that american expression ... " if the shoe fit ... you must wear it " . he remove she foot from he lap . BRIDGET ( german ) what now Colonel ? col landa ( german ) do you admit you treachery ? she stare defiant dagger into he . 1314 BRIDGET ( german ) the only thing I will admit to , be resisting you ... ( english ) sons-a-bitch .. ( german ) .to my last breath . col. landa ( german ) " resist to you last breath " ? suddenly ... han lunge forward , put he strong mitt around Bridget von hammersmark lily white delicate neck , and with all the violence of a lion in mid-pounce , squeezy with all he might . bridget face turn tomato red , as the vein in she face bulge , and she esophagus be crushed in he grip . with a violent yank , he jerk she to the floor . she tumble out of the chair , landa never release he grip around she throat . Nov fully on top of she , he bear down , squeezing the very life out of her . every thing he have , he bring to bear on the elegant lady neck . then , to finally finish she off , he begin banging the back of her head , hard against the floor ... bang ! bang ! bang ? she 's dead . he release the grip around she throat . his hand be trembling ... he rise . strangle the very life out of somebody with you bear hand , be the most violent act a human be can commit . also , only human strangle , the opposable thumb be quite important part of the endeavor . as han landa stand , the sheer violence he have to call on to accomplish this task , still surge through he . he try to gain control of the tremble , that be rippling through he body . he take out a silver ss flask ( fill with peach schnapp ) , and knock back a couple of swig . he hold he hand out in front of he . the trembling be beginning to subside . he pick up the telephone . 139 - into the phone in german he say ; col . landa inform the fuhrer the audience have take there seat , and we be ready to begin . step one , in han master plan , do . he then dial another number ... int - lobby - night Aldo in the lobby ... when ... .he 's jumped by the six nazi usher ... he 's thrown roughly to the ground face first . like the modern day secret service , within second , he wrist be handcuff behind he back , he 's searched , they find the bomb attach to he ankle , it 's remove , a black cloth bag be pull over he head , then he 's hoist up , and rushed out of the building . this happen in mere second , and quietly too , no one in the auditorium be none the wiser ... int - auditorium - night , include donowitz and hirschberg , sit amongst the master race , wait for showtime . ext - cinema - night the six Nazi Soldiers , hustle the hood Aldo , down the red carpet , then into the alley besides the cinema . Aldo 's put up against a wall . Inside the black hood , he 's scream every insulting thing about Germany , Germans , german food , german shepherd ... anything . col . landa' voice ( os ) shut up ! the faceless black hood do . Col. landa , now stand directly in front of he hood prisoner , say in english ; col . landa as stanley say to Livingston ; Lt. Aldo raine , I presume ? I 'to . lo. aldo han landa ? col. landa you have have a nice long run , Aldo . alas , you now in the hand of the ss . my hand to be exact . and they have be wait along time , to touch you . he reach out with he finger , and lightly touch Aldo 's face right in the middle of the hood . Aldo 's head violently flinch . col . landa caught ya flinching . in german , he order the man put Aldo in the back of a truck . Aldo , bound , and bag , be put in the truck . also in the truck be utivich , wear a makeshift chauffeur uniform , bound , and bag like the Lieutenant . the truck drive off . Col. landa turn around , and sees from a distance , hitler motorcade pull up to the cinema .. then the fuhrer , Goebbels , francesca , and the rest of the entourage , make there way down the red carpet into the cinema . landa smile . ext truck ( moving ) - night we see the truck leave the city of Paris , under the veil of night . we also seem to be leave the drama of operation kino . int - truck ( moving ) - night the two hood prisoner , bounce along in the back of the truck . utivich , be cry inside he hood . lt.aldo utivich ? utivich be that you Lieutenant ? lo. aldo yep . lyl . UTIVIC}I do you know what happen to donny ? hirchberg ? the woman ? lt.aldo no I do not . utivich Lieutenant , sorry I be cry . lo. aldo nothin to be sorry about , son . this bag , get to anyone . utivich not exactly John Wayne , be I ? lt.aldo John wayn a pampere movie star . he burst into tear , if he cook , bust he yoke at breakfast . just try puttin a bag over he head , and hear what kinda sound he make . utivich , giggle through the tear . lt.aldo I just want you to know , son , I be real proud of you tonight . learnin how to drive overnight . driving in that limo line . you be in the hot seat , son , and you stand up real good . utivich cries louder . Aldo take he foot , find utivich foot , and place he foot on top . the touch have a slight calming effect on utivich . in the darkness , utivich have reclaim he dignity . ext - country tavern - night the truck pull up to a small tavern outside of Paris ( not La louisaiane ) , the two hood prisoner , be walk inside the establishment . int - country tavern - night the hood man be lead into the close for business , but open for something else , rustic tavern . 0 the Nazi Guards , unlock the handcuff , then sit they down inchair . then , simultaneously , the hood be yanked off . the two prisoner , be seat at a table , in what they can now see , be a rustic tavern . on the table be one telephone , one bottle of chianti , and three glass . and on the opposite end of the table , sit Colonel han landa . a nazi soldier sit post at a impressive look two way radio set up in the tavern . Colonel land start in right away at the two baffle , discombobulate american soldier . they will only speak english in the scene . col. landa italian ? really ? ( beat ) what could you have possibly be think ? lo. aldo well , I speak alittle italian - col. landa I speak a little tagalog , but I would not begin to presume I could pass for filipino . do not get I wrong , I understand you be in a pickle , what with you lose you Germans . and I have nothing but admiration for improvisation . still .... chico marx be more convincing . if the three of you have show up to the premiere dress in woman attire , it would have be more convincing . landas eye go to the two Nazi Guards behind the prisoner . col. landa ( german ) you may leave we . but stay alert outside . they exit , leave the Colonel , the Lieutenant , the private and a german Radio man in the corner . " 43 ' col . landa so you Aldo the Apache ? lo. aldo so you the Jew Hunter ? col. landa Jew Hunter , ( pfuit ) , I be a detective . a damn good detective . find people be my specialty . so naturally , I work for the Nazi 's find people . and yes , some of they be Jews . but Jew Hunter ? just the name that stick . utivich well you do haft admit , it be catchy . col. landa do you control the nickname , you enemy bestow on you ? Aldo the Apache and the Little man ? utivich what do you mean , the Little man ? col . landa the Germans nickname for you . utivich the Germans nickname for I be , the Little man ? col . landa or " the Little one , ether one mean you . and as if to make my point , I be a little surprised how tall you be in real life . I mean , you a little fellow . but not circus midget little , as you reputation would suggest . lt.aldo where be my man ? where be Bridget von hammersmark ? col . landa Bridget von hammersmark . oh I be sure she 's in whatever , big bubbling cesspool in hell , the devil reserve for traitor of she ilk . col . landa ( cor 't ) well , let just say , she get what she deserve . and when you purchase friend like Bridget von hammersmark , you get what you pay for . now as far as you pisanos , sgt. donowitz , and pt.hirschberg - lo. aldo how do you know we name ? col . landa Lt. Aldo , if you do not think I would not interrogate every single one of you swastika mark survivor ... .? we simply be not operate on the level of mutual respect I assume . now , back to the whereabouts of you two italian saboteur . at this moment , both hirschberg , and donowitz , should be sit in the very seat we leave they in . seat , 0023 and 0024 , if my memory serve . explosive , still around there ankle , still ready to explode . and you mission , some would call a terrorist plot , as of this moment , be still a go . the two basterd do not believe this . it can not be true . lo. aldo that 's a pretty exciting story . what 's next , eliza on the ice ? col . landa however , all I have to do , be pick pick up that phone right there . inform the cinema , and you plan kupet . lo. aldo if , they still there , and if they still alive , and that 's one big if , there be not no way , you gonna take they boy without settin off they bomb . I r.t. col. landa m I have no doubt , and yes , some Germans will die. , and yes , it will ruin the evening , and yes , Goebbels will be very very very mad at you for what you have do to he big night . but you will not get Hitler , you will not get Goebbels , you will not get gering , and you will not get boorman . and you need all four to end the war . ( pause ) but if I do not pick up that phone , right there , you may very well get all four . and if you get all four , you end the war ... tonight . the Nazi Colonel lift up the bottle of chianti , and fill three glass . as he pour , he say ; col. landa so gentleman , let discuss the prospect of end the war-tonight . all three have they chianti fill glass . col. landa so the way I see it , since hitler death , or possible rescue , rest solely on my reaction ... if I do nothing ... it 's as if I be cause he death , even more then yourselves . would you agree ? lo. aldo I guess so . col. landa how about you uitivich ? uitivich I guess so too . col . landa good , we more or less , all agree . gentlemen , I have no intention , of killing Hitler , and kill Goebbels , and killing gerring , and kill boorman , not to mention win the war single handedly for the ally , only later , to find myself stand before a jewish tribunal . I q now they get it . col. landa if you want to win the war , tonight , we have to make a deal . lt.aldo what kinda deal ? col.landa the kind you would not have the authority to make . however , I be sure this mission of yours , have a commanding officer ? a General , I be betting . for .. ( thinking ) .o.s.s. would be my guess . Aldo 's eyebrow reveal that be a good guess . col . landa oooh , that 's a bingo . be that the way you say it , that 's a bingo ? lt.aldo you just say , bingo . col . landa bingo ! how fun . but I digress , where be we ? oh yes , make a deal . over there be a very capable two way radio . and sit behind it , be a more then capable radio operator , name herrman . get I somebody on the other end of that radio with the power of the pen , to authorize my - let 's call it , the term of my conditional surrender , if that taste better go down . back to the premiere shosanna in the booth , she bring down the light . in the pack , excited auditorium , the house light go down . cu curtain switch , she flip it . in the auditorium , the red velvet curtain part . shosanna , throw the lever on the first projector . I q7 . the projector bulb go hot white , projecting a beam ... film reel rotate ... 35 mm film move through the projector film gate ... the open seal of a film by the third reich flicker on the screen ... Goebbels and francesca watch ... Hitler watch ... fredrick watch ... donowitz and hirschberg watch ... shosanna , in the booth , watch through the little window ... the camera pan off of shosanna , to the clearly mark film can , reel four . the surprise reel . back to landa and the hasterd landa , with radio headphone over he ear , and a microphone in he hand , talk to the unseen / unheard american brass on the other end . col. landa . so , when the military history of this night be write , it will be record , that I be part of " operation rino " from the very beginning , as a double agent . anything I have do in my guise as a ss Colonel , be sanction by the o.s.s. , as a necessary evil to establish my cover with the Germans . and it be my placement , of Lt. raine dynamite in Hitler and Goebbels opera box that assure there demise . by the way , that last part be actually true . flash on landa place bomb in Goebbels and francesca 's opera box . back to landa col. landa I want my full military pension and benefit under my proper rank . I want to receive the congregational medal of honor , for my invaluable assistance in the toppling of the third Reich . he look over and see Aldo and uitvich watch the one sided conversation . col. landa in fact , I want all the member of " operation kino " to receive the congregational medal of honor . full citizenship for myself - but that go without say . and I would like the United States of America to purchase property for I on nantuckett island , as a reward for all the countless life I have save by bring the tyranny of the National Socialist party to a swifter then imange end . do you have all that , sir ? ( pause ) I look forward to see you face to face as well , sir . ( pause ) he 's right here . the Colonel hand the headphone and microphone to Aldo . lt.aldo yes , sir ? we hear the voice on the other end of the radio , give Aldo he order ; radio voice ( os ) Colonel landa will put you and private uitivich in a truck as prisoner . then he and he radio operator , will get in the truck , drive to we line . upon crossing we line , Colonel landa and he man will surrender to you . you will then take over drive of the truck , a bring they straight to I for debrief . be that clear , Lieutenant ? lt.aldo yes , sir . the conversation be over , he put the radio down . the three man look at one another . landa pick up he wine . ito . col. landa so I suppose the only thing leave to do be lift a glass , and toast to donowitz and hirschberg success . you too herrman , come over here . the four man , col . han landa , Lt. Aldo raine , pvt. smithson uitivich , and herrman , lift up four glass of wine . col . landa gentlemen , to history , and it 's witnesses . cheer . back to the premiere we CUT to the b/w film on screen . fredrick Zoller , play himself , be in a ornamental tower in a Russian village , pick off russian soldier 's below . a russian general kchovlanskey peer at the german private through binocular . he lower the long range glass , and confer with one of he officer . general kchovlanskey ( russian ) what 's the death toll ? officer ( russian ) 47 , so far . we hear a shot . officer ( russian ) 48 . General , I implore you , we must destroy that tower ! general kchovlanskey ( russian ) that tower be one of the oldest , and most beautiful structure in Russia . I will not be responsible for turn a thousand year of history into dust ! a brave russian soldier , try to run between two building . Zoller , get he . then proceed to pick he apart , one single bullet at a time . IL ISO . shosanna in projection booth she remove " reel 4 " ( the special shosanna reel ) , and prepare it on the 2nd projector . reel3 , on the first projector , play now , be halfway through . in a few short minute , it 's go to be show time . marcel say to shosanna in french , subtitled in english ; marcel it 's time . I should go lock the auditorium , and take my place behind the screen . this be the last time they will ever see each other , too much to say . he hold she in he arm and lay a one kiss before I die wet one on she . donowitz and hirschberg sit in they seat watch the movie , surround by dress uniform nazi be . they have develop a dopey way of communicate with each other in this hostel environment . basically , speak English like it be gibberish italian . they say English word , only add a " I " , or a " a " , or a " o " , to the end of it . and say it in a exaggerated italian accent , complete with pantomime . donowitz lean into hirschberg , and say in a wispier ; they speak in italia - ish subtitled into english ; sgt.donowitz ( italia - ish ) I -a go-a toilet -a , set-ta boom -a . ( I go to the toilet and set the bomb ) when -a I -a go -a , you - a set-ta boom -a . ( when I go , you set you bomb ) hirschberg indicate / pantomime , he can not set he bomb surround by all this nazi' . donowitz , pantomime crossing he leg , set bomb on ankle in he seat . then get up , and drop it in the back of the auditorium , in the dark . hirschberg do not get it . hirschberg what -a ? ( what ? ) donny pantomime again , more exaggerated , and with less patience . hirschberg affirm -ato , affirm -ato . ( affirmative , affirmative ) sgt.donowitz they -o look -o screen -a , not -o you -a . ( they be look at the screen , not you . ) hirschberg fantastic -o . ( fantastic ) sgt.donowitz after-teri , set-ta , five -o moment -o ( point to watch ) you -a , pphisst . ( after you set the bomb , wait five minute , and get out of here ) hirschberg what -o ? ( what ? ) sgt.donowitz confuse - i , confuss - i , confuss - i . ( confused , confuse , confuse . ) what - a , and - of what - of , same - of ? ( I think " what - a " meat " what " , do " what - o " mean " what " , as well ? ) hirschberg oh -o , sorr - of , I -o ment - a " what -a " . ( oh , sorry , I ment what . ) sgt.donowitz after-teri , you - a set - to boom -a , five - of moment - of , you - a , fuck -o pphisst . ( after you set the bomb , wait five minute and get the fuck out of here . ) hirschberg affirm -ato , affirm -ato . ( affirmative , affirmative ) sgt.donowitz good -a , luck -a . ( good luck . ) 15Z . donowitz stand from he seat , and walk out of the dark auditorium , into the lobby . the Nazi Guards / usher be go , the lobby be completely empty . see the stair lead down to the water closet / bathroom , he descend they to plant the boom -a , I mean , the bomb . descending the stair lead to the Water closet . like a lot of old cinema 's , not only be the water closet locate under the auditorium , you have to pass through a rather large smoking lounge to get to it . in the smoke Lounge be ten nazi enlisted men , the Guards / usher for the event , smoking and indulge in soldier gossip . they be all in dress uniform , and all be armed . donowitz , in he tuxedo , act cool , and walk right through they . they look up , but do not disturb there time off vibe . donny enter the big Water closet . except for one lone nazi enlisted man at the urinal , it would appear as if donny have the whole wash room to himself . he enter the privacy of a toilet stall , lock the door . marcel in lobby he descend the stair lead down from the projection booth , into the empty lobby . he go to one of the auditorium door , and peer inside . we see the screen and the audience from marcel Pov : in the back of the room . the audience seem rivete to fredrick 's exploit on screen . marcel close the door , and with a key , deadbolt it shut . inside the auditorium we pan off the screen to marcel , who lock the two door on ether side of the screen .... due to curtain place there , no one notice marcel action . marcel then go behind the screen , we see the image ( backward ) of fredrick sniper battle huge covering entire side room ... a pile of over300 nitrate film print , lay like a junk pile , right behind the screen . sitting down in a wooden chair face the screen , and pile -o-film , he light up a cigarette , a absolute no - no in a cinema of this era , but tonight , what do it matter ? 4 . he smoke , and wait for he cue to ... . burn it down ! ) 53 . fredrick in opera BOX along side Hitler , Goebbels , francesca , and boorman . on screen the battle rage . he lean over and whisper something in Goebbels ear , we can not hear . Goebbels make a very sympathetic face ( at least sympathetic for Goebbels ) , and say in german ; goebbel perfectly understandable , dear boy . you go now , and we will see you after the show . he exit the opera box . and walk to the projection booth door . he rap on the door in a try to be amusing way . the door open , just a little bit , shosanna not friendly , stare at he . be , as per usual , be all smile and charm . they speak in french , subtitled into english ; fredrick be you the manager , of this cinema ? I want my money back . that actor in the movie stink . he laugh . iv she do not even smile . she say , in all serious business ; shosanna what be you do here ? fredrick I come to visit you . shosanna can not you see how busy I be ? fredrick then allow I to lend a assist . shosanna fredrick it 's not funny , you can not be here . this be you premiere , you need to be out there with they . as fredrick prepare to tell he little tale , with all the charm at he command , shosanna listen , know the third reel be just about over , and she big reel change be come up . fredrick normally , you would be.right . and for all the other film I do , I intend to endure evening like tonight , in the proper sprit . however the fact remain , this film , be base on my military exploit . and in this case , my exploit consist of I kill many man . consequently , the part of the film that 's play now , ... . I do not like watch this part . shosanna fredrick , I be sorry , but - fredrick - so , I think , I would come up here and do what I do best , annoy you . and from the look on you face , it would appear I have not lose my touch . donny in toilet sgt. donowitz , with bomb in he lap , set the timer , six minute from now . he then place the bomb in the back of the toilet tank . camera on floor of water closet we see the tile of the floor stretch out before we . we see donny 's foot in the close toilet stall . we hear , the off screen Nazi enlist man , finish he piss . then he shoe walk through frame ... . we follow they to ... . the sink ... we stay on the shoe ... as we hear the soldier wash he hand ... then ... the camera rise up he pant leg ... till ... we " re eye level with the german soldier , with a army cap on he head , who 's do wash he hand .... then .... the soldier remove he cap , brushes some bang out of he face , and we can see the swastika hand carve into he forehead , undeniable MARK of the bastard . he splashes some water on he face , put he cap back on he head , and join he comrade in the smoking lounge . as he exit frame , he say to somebody off screen ; swastika forehead ( german ) hey fritz , you owe I three cigarettes , now pay up . shosanna and fredrick fredrick still outside the doorway , and shosanna , still bare the way . shosanna I have to get prepare for the reel change . fredrick let I do it ? shosanna no. fredrick oh please , it 's be two year since i've do a reel change . shosanna I say , no . fredrick ( cute whine ) come on , it 's my premiere . shosanna be you so use to the Nazi 's kissing you ass , you have forget what the word , ã‚â°ã‚â°no " mean ? no fredrick , you can not come in here , now go away ! no subtitles for fredrick need this time , he get it . he do a one - armed pile drive push on the door , knock both it OPEN , and shosanna back into the room . fredrick , a different cat then we have see up till now , enter the booth , close the door behind he , and locking it . the quite startle shosanna , say to fredrick ; shosanna fredrick , you hurt I . fredrick well , it 's nice to know you can feel something . even if it 's just physical pain . fredrick step forward ... shosanna step backwards ... fredrick I be not a man you say , " go away " to . there 's over three hundred dead body in Russia , that if they could , would testify to that . after what I have do for you , you disrespect I at you peril . 156 . back to washroom the swastika forehead soldier , get a light for he cigarette . he take a big drag . soldier be Pov : he face the washroom , and down that long throw , he see donny emerge from the toilet stall . his tuxedo jacket be off , and drape over he right hand . sport the white dress shirt , and black tuxedo vest . he 's quite far away , so now he just look like some guy in a tux , who just finish take a shit . donny walk toward we ... cu swastika forehead see he get closer ... soldier Pov : donny get closer ... cu swastika forehead see he closer still ... soldier Pov : donny get closer ... cu swastika forehead begin to notice ... soldier Pov : donny get closer , begin to notice , german soldier notice he ... cu swastika forehead now donny be close enough for the soldier to recognize . his face scream ; swastika forehead the bear Jew ! 1 ! the soldier 's gun be out of it 's holster , and rise toward donny 's chest ... when ... donny raise he right arm , with the tuxedo jacket on it , and fire a gun conceal under it . hitting swastika forehead in the chest ... who finish raise he gun , firing hitting donny in the chest ... the two soldier 's FIRE into each other .... till there weapon be empty , and the two man lie dead on the floor . the nine other nazi be in the room , stand shocked at what just happen in front of they . be " . shosanna and fredrick in projection booth fredrick hear the gunshot below they , and turn towards the door . fredrick what the hell be that ? while fredrick 's back be turn , shosanna take a gun out of she pocket , and shoot fredrick three time in the back ... .. be crash hard into the door , then falling face first to the floor ... shosanna , gun in hand , look out projection booth window into the audience ... the on screen battle rage so loudly with gunfire , that she weapon do not stand a chance of be hear . her eye go from the audience ... .up to the big screen ... . which hold fredrick zoller in a tight handsome close up . the face on the silver screen , break the young girl 's heart ... . she look to he body , lie face down on the floor , blood flow from the hole she put in he back ... . his body move a little , and he let out a painful moan ... . dieing though he be , at this moment , fredrick be still alive ... shosanna move to he ... .. she touch he , and he let out another moan ... . she turn he body over on it 's back ... ..he 's hold a luger in he hand ... .he fire twice ... bang bang two bullet hit her point blank in the chest ... throwing her against the wall , then falling forward on she knee to the floor ... .. fredrick , luger still in hand , take aim from the floor ... I , . fire ... hitting the bloody girl on the floor , in the thigh ... . spinning she body around in agony ... like he do to the Russian on screen , he pick she apart , one bullet at a time ... .fire ... bullet blows off heel of her foot ... luger drop to floor , fredrick die . we young french jewish heroine , lie on the projection booth floor , in a pool of she own blood , she body riddle with bullet , she nerve ending wrack with pain , crippled and dieing ... when ... .. the little bell on the 1st projector , start to ring , inform the projectionist , it 's time for the reel change . dieing or not , if shosanna intend to get she revenge , she 's go to have to lift she ass off the floor , and execute this fuck reel change . cinema auditorium the battle on screen continue wage . the audience be rivete . the fuhrer watch , completely catch up in the dramatic spectacle . he say to Goebbels in german ; hitler extraordinary Joseph , simply extraordinary . this be you finest film yet . Goebbels be beyond proud , he smile to francesca , who proudly pat he hand . projection booth shosanna , bloody , crippled , and fuck , with great painful effort , pull herself off the floor ... auditorium hirschberg , sit in he seat , sets the bomb on he ankle . then stand up , and begin scoot past everybody in he row knee . projection booth like the german heroine in one of riefenstahl 's mountain film , shosanna climb up the 35 mm film projector , like it be piz palu ... film on screen private Zoller firing away from he perch . in the top far right corner of the frame . we see the 1st reel change MARK ... projection booth shosanna hang on to projector , wait for 2nd reel change mark , it 's a agonizing effort ... behind screen marcel , smoking , wait for he cue ... hirschberg get out of he xow , and begin walk up the aisle in the middle of the cinema towards the exit . on screen sergio leone cu fredrick , he scream to Russians below ; movie zoller who want to send a message to Germany ? in the top right of frame the 2nd reel change MARK pop on ... projection booth shosanna toss herself to the floor , as she throws the change over switch on the 2nd projector ... ex cu projector bulb blasting white in we face . slow notion shosanna falling ... ex cu 35 mm film moving ... shosanna hit the dusty ground hard , not in slow motion ... projector beam shoot out of little projection booth window hit screen . cu shosanna on floor , eye close , last breath blow into dusty projection booth floor . like she family befor she , dead from Nazi bullet . auditorium on the silver screen fredricks ex cu CUT to on silver screen matching shosanna ex cu camera in the exact same placement , same background ( b/ with sky ) , slight low angle looking up , so on screen shosanna be look down on the Nazi 's , the way fredrick be look down on the Russians . the way this huge image of shosanna's giant face stare down the auditorium of Nazi 's , bring to mind orwell " 1984 " Big brother . hitler and goebbel react . hirschberg stand in the middle of the aisle , turn towards the screen . when he see 's shosanna 's giant face , he 's gobsmack . behind screen marcel sit in the chair , with he cigarette , before the even more giant face of shosanna . shosannas giant face on screen she stare down the pack house of Nazi 's , and say in french ; shosannas giant face I have a message for Germany . I be interrupt you Nazi propaganda horse shit , to inform you despicable german swine , that you all go to die . hitler and goebbel react . hirschberg react . marcel smile . shosannas giant face and I want you to look deep in the face of the Jew who 's go to do it . auditorium audience while the shocked german audience be transfix to thescreen , behind the head of most of they ... the bomb landa set in hitler and Goebbels opera box ... explode . blowing to smithereen , hitler , francesca , boorman , and propelling goebbel , still in he theatre seat , across the auditorium , into the opposite wall , and take out a portion of the ceiling as well . the crowd react ... the explosion cause the huge chandelier from versaille , to topple from it 's jerry - rig placement , and crash on to the audience below ... on screen the giant face of shosanna finish she war cry . shosannas giant face my name be shosanna dreyfus , and this be the face of jewish Vengeance ! marcel , burn it down ! behind the screen marcel take he cigarette , and flick it into the pile of nitrate film . on screen shosannas giant face laugh maniacally at the scramble little Nazi 's , run in a panic , as flame like out of a giant blast furnace , burst through shosannas face , and climb up the wall of the cinema . the audience stampede towards the exit ... hirschberg with bomb set on ankle , be catch in a massive Day of the Locust swarm of body ... people frantically pound on lock door , trapping they to there grizzly fate . the flame and FIRE spread through thry auditorium ... hirschberg catch in people crunch , know this be it . he ankle bomb goe off right underneath everybody in the room . the effect this have on the people in the room , be very similar to that of the effect a m - 80 blow up in a ant hill , would have on the ant . the auditorium be a literal red rain of leg , arm , head , torso , and ass . then ... donowitz toilet bomb blows up underneath the auditorium . 16z. collapsing the cinema , and blowing out the front of the theatre . as madam mimeux cinema burn ... theses subtitles appear on screen as if on a military teletype : " operation kino a complete success " . fade out fade up " hitler dead . goebbel dead . boorman dead . gering dead . zoller dead . most of high command dead " fade out fade in " four day later , germany surrender " fade out fade in " once upon a time in nazi ... occupied FRANCE " . CUT to ext -- wood - morning it 's a misty early morning , in the woodsy area . the german truck , with Aldo and uitvich in the back , and landa and herrman in the front come to stop . landa and herrman in truck cab herrman , behind the wheel , tell landa in german ; herrman this be the american line , sir . in the back of the truck , sit the two last remain member of the basterd , Lt. Aldo raine , and prvt . smithson uitivich , both with they hand cuffed behind there back . landa and herrman appear at truck rear , say in english ; col . landa okay gentlemen , you can climb down . 143 Aldo and uitivich climb down from the truck . Col. landa indicate for herrman to remove the handcuffs from the two prisoner . he do . col . landa herrman , hand they you weapon . he do . Col. landa hand over he luger , and he very cool look ss dagger . col. landa I be officially surrender myself over to you , lt.raine . we be you prisoner . lt.aldo thank you very much Colonel . uitivich , cuff the Colonel 's hand behind he back . col. landa be that really necessary ? as uitivich cuff the . colonel hand behind he back , Aldo say ; lt.aldo I be a slave to appearance . then Aldo take the luger , and shoot herrman dead . the bound Col. landa be appal . col. landa be you mad ? what have you do ? I make a deal with you General for that man life ! lo. aldo yeah , they make that deal , but they do not give a fuck about he , they need you . col. landa you will be shot for this . t 6 q. lt.aldo Raw I do not think so , more like I will be chew out . I have be chew out before . you know , uitvich and myself , hear that deal you make with the brass . end the war tonight ? I would make that deal . how bout you uitivich , you make that deal ? uitivich I would make that deal . lt.aldo I do not blame ya . damn good deal . and that pretty little nest ya feathered for yourself . well , if you willing to barbecue the whole high command , I suppose that 's worth certain consideration . now I do not care about you gettin pension , merit badge , ticker tape parade , who give a damn , let 's all go home . but .1 do have one question ? when you go to you little place on nantuckett Island , I image you gonna take off that handsome look ss uniform of yours , be not ya ? for the first time in the movie , Col. landa do not - respond . lt.aldo that 's what I think . now that ... . I can not abide . how bout you uitivich , can you abide it ? uitivich not one damn bit , sir . lt.aldo I mean if I have my way , you would wear that goddamn uniform for the rest of you pecker suckin life . but I be aware that 's be not practical . I mean at some point ya gotta hafta take it off . he open landass dagger , and hold the blade in front of han face . lt.aldo so I be gonna give you a little something you can not take off . CUT to 16c. cu col . landa the Dagger have just complete carve a swastika deep into he forehead . col . landa' Pov : on the ground , look up at Aldo , bloody knife in hand , who straddle he .. and uitivich , who 's next to he . the two basterd admire Aldo 's handiwork . lt.aldo you know something uitivich , I think this just might be my masterpiece . end