ingrid goe west written by David branson Smith & Matt spicer 11.10.15 fade in on : a montage of photo and video from a young coupleas wedding weekend set to classical music -- a photo of a wedding altar and row of empty chair set out on a lawn in front of a glisten lake . female voice ( v.o. ) be this real ? hashtag no filter . a video of charlotte , 29 , the bride - to - be , and a group of she friend do yoga in front of a lake house . female voice ( v.o. ) namaste , bitch . prayer hand emoji . a photo of a mouth - water plate of egg benedict . male voice ( v.o. ) brunch game strong . flex emoji . a video of the groom - to - be diving off a pier in slow-motion . female voice ( v.o. ) yep . that 's how we roll . a photo of a bunch of wasp -y look girl and a token gay guy in cocktail attire , hold glass of rosé . female voice ( v.o. ) get the band back together . hashtag all the wine . a video of the bride and groom kissing at the altar . male voice ( v.o. ) so glad I marry this weirdo . flutter heart emoji . CUT to : ecu : the image be reflect in the eye of a young woman . close on she thumb scrolling through instagram , compulsively ' like 's every single post . tap -tap , tap -tap , tap -tap . CUT to : the image be coming faster now , voice blending together , the double - tap of the thumb creating a anxious rhythm -- a video of Charlotte and she bridesmaid dance . tap -tap . a photo of champagne glass clinking . tap -tap . a video of cake be shove in the groom 's face . tap -tap . various shot of people smile , laugh , drink , dance . tap -tap , tap -tap , tap -tap , tap -tap ... CUT to : a photo of Charlotte barefoot on the dance floor , still in she wedding dress , surround by friend and family . charlotte ( v.o . ) happy to be share this day with all of my favorite human . hashtag bless . i/e. car - night ingrid thorburn , 29 , stare at the photo of Charlotte on she phone , the hood of she sweatshirt pull up over she head , mascara tear run down both cheek . she look up . her Pov - she be park outside the lake house from the photo . a wedding party be in full swing , music thumping . ext . lake house - continuous ingrid step out of the car , wear run shoe and a cocktail dress underneath she sweatshirt . we track with she as she make she way across the lawn , towards a large tent fill with table and people dance . ingrid weave she way through the crowd , unnotice . she grab a glass of champagne from a pass caterer and slug it , toss the empty glass aside as she notice -- charlotte -- sit at she table , still in she wedding dress , tell a animated story to a group of enthralled wedding guest . ingrid hi Charlotte . Charlotte and a few of she guest turn , smile . Charlotte recognize ingrid and just as suddenly she smile vanish . charlotte ingrid ...? ingrid congratulation . ingrid hold up a pepper spray gun and blast Charlotte in the face . Charlotte squeeze she eye shut , scream . ingrid ( cont 'd ) thanks for inviting I , cunt ! the party erupt into chaos . Charlotte 's bridesmaid rush to she aid . ingrid try to make a run for it but be tackle to the dance floor by a couple of athletic groomsmen . close on ingrid writhe on the floor and sobbing as we -- CUT to : a static shot of the Pacific Ocean shimmer under a pink and orange sky . we hear the sound of wave crash against the shoreline as the title fade in -- ingrid goe west we pull back to reveal that the beach be a motivational poster hang on a otherwise empty wall . ingrid ( v.o. ) dear Charlotte . a calmer , healthier - look ingrid sit on the edge of a twin bed inside the sterile room , stare up at the poster . she look down at the notebook in she lap and continue write -- ingrid ( v.o. ) I just want you to know how sorry I be about what happen . int . hallway - the meadow - morning ingrid step up to a window where a nurse hand she a paper cup fill with medicine . she toss back she pill and open she mouth wide , stick out she tongue . ingrid ( v.o . ) in a lot of way , have this time apart have be good for I . it 's give I a chance to reflect . int . rec room - the meadow - day ingrid play ping - pong against a pale 15 - year -old girl . ingrid ( v.o. ) I be learn how to be present . int . cafeteria - the meadow - day ingrid be eat a sandwich and read a wear copy of the Language of letting go , highlight she favorite passage . ingrid ( v.0 . ) how to live in the moment . int . rec room - the meadow - day ingrid sit in a circle with a small group , nodd in sympathy as a female patient share a harrowing story . ingrid ( v.o. ) how to listen . int . rec room - the meadow - night ingrid and she fellow patient be sit in chair watch clueless on a pull - down projector screen . ingrid laugh , then pause , remember something . ingrid ( v.o. ) sometimes i’1l hear a joke or see something that remind I of you and I feel sad because I have no way of tell you about it . ext . grassy area - the meadow - morning ingrid sit cross -legge , meditate next to a large oak tree . ingrid ( v.o. ) but maybe that 's okay . maybe it 's good to feel alone once in a while . int . rec room - the meadow - day ingrid wave goodbye to the other patient , exchange hug . ingrid ( v.o. ) I do not know what the future hold for I . I just know that thing be go to be different now . int . lobby - the meadow - day ingrid be wait at the front desk clutching a fade l.l. bean backpack with she name stitched across the top . she make sure no one be watch then reach over the counter and slide a stamp envelope into the outgoing mail bin . ingrid ( v.o. ) hopefully someday you and I can look back on all of this and laugh . a nurse appear , hand ingrid a plastic bag fill with she personal item . ingrid open the bag , take out she iphone . close on the phone . we see ingrid 's face reflect in the glass . she cradle it in she hand , caress the screen . ingrid ( v.o. ) you friend , always -- female voice ( 0.s. ) ingrid ! ingrid turn , snap out of she reverie . her Pov - ingrid 's sister , erin , 32 , pregnant and dress in catalog casual , stand in the lobby . she wave , hopeful . i/e. erin 's suv ( moving ) - day Erin drive while ingrid ride shotgun with she head out the window , stare out at the Pennsylvania suburb as they pass by . she notice a corona billboard with the slogan '' find you Beach '' and smile . erin sorry I be late . I have to pull Logan out of karate class . his sensei have a cold sore . ingrid turn towards the backseat , still glow . ingrid how 's my little black belt , huh ? Erin 's son , logan , 4 , sit in the back with headphone on , stare at he iPad . he do not look up . erin oh , by the way , if anyone ask , we tell people you be at a yoga retreat . 6 . ingrid look at Erin , confuse . she laugh uncomfortably . ingrid for eight week ? erin we think it have be easier for you to not have to keep explain to everyone where you be . ingrid yeah , the thing be ... a big part of the heal process be learn how to talk about what happen and not care what other people think . erin totally get it . keith and I just feel like all the hospital stuff might be a little heavy for Logan . he 's only in pre -k . ingrid so what ? you want I to pretend like everything 's perfect ? erin no ! of course not . you can talk about it as much as you want . just as long as we be talk about yoga and not , you know ... ingrid be silent . this do not sit well with she . erin ( cont 'd ) so ... do you want to talk about it ? ingrid not anymore . they continue drive in silence . ingrid turn back towards the window , she glow fade a bit . ext . erin and keith 's house - establishing a single-story Colonial house with a big yard . a police motorcycle be park next to Erin 's suv in the driveway . int . nursery - erin and keith 's house - day the door open and Erin 's husband keith , 39 , enter wear a short - sleeve cop uniform , he shirt unbuttone revealing a white tee underneath . he flick on the light . keith -- and last but not least , I give you the ingrid suite . voila . ingrid enter , look around , with Erin close behind . her Pov - a baby 's nursery have be transformed into a temporary guest room . there be a cozy-look bed with fresh flower on the nightstand , a flat - screen tv , a basket fill with snack and a banner that read : '' welcome home , ingrid ! '' ingrid ( touch ) you guy , this be so nice . erin stay as long as you want . keith we casa be su casa . ingrid you do not have to do all this . i’1ll only be here a few day . ingrid set down she backpack and open the closet . Erin and keith exchange a worried look . erin where be you plan on go ? ingrid ( read : obviously ) back to Mom 's house ? where all my stuff be ? ingrid turn on the closet light and pause . it 's fill with clothes and cardboard box label : '' ingrid '' erin we be gonna wait until you be settle in to tell you but -- keith ( rip off the band - aid ) we sell the house , ingrid . ingrid stare at they , completely blindside . CUT to : Erin and keith be stand outside the bathroom door . ingrid ( 0.s. ) half that house be mine ! she leave it to both of we ! erin exactly . which be why we put half of the money in a check account under you name . keith Big ol 's chunk of change , ingrid . no response . erin we figure you could use it . how else be we suppose to pay for all you medical bill ? the door fly open and ingrid appear , eye red . ingrid do not you mean my yoga retreat ?! keith easy , ingrid -- ingrid no ! ever since Mom die , you guy have be wait to kick I out . you just could not help yourselves , could you ?! erin ingy , that house be a dump . it be not a healthy environment for you . ingrid sit on the bed and close she eye , do a breathe exercise , try to calm herself . ingrid I would like to be alone now , please . keith ( to Erin ) why do not you tell she how much we get for it ? ingrid why do not you go fuck yourself ? silence . Erin give keith a look tell he to wait outside . keith okey-dokey . keith exit . Erin sit next to ingrid on the bed . erin look , I know how close you be with Mom . I can not even imagine how hard that must have be for you . and after what happen with Charlotte -- ingrid Erin ... erin my point be , try and see this as a opportunity . a chance to put all that negativity behind you and start fresh . you can build a whole new life for yourself . the life you always want . ingrid I do not know what life I want . erin do not worry . it will come to you . ingrid say nothing . Erin take she cue and exit , leave behind a bank folder with ingrid 's name on it . ingrid bury she face in a pillow and scream . she lie there for a moment , then toss the pillow aside , pull out she phone and power it on . the warm glow of the screen light up she face as she stare at it longingly . on the screen - she open instagram and search @badcharlotte . Charlotte 's profile appear with a message : '' this user be private . '' ingrid sigh . she lie back on the bed , listen to the muffle family sound downstairs , feel empty and alone . 10 . int . drugstore - day ecu : a series of item be scan -- a at-home facial kit , a bag of gummy worm , the latest issue of vanity Fair , a six - pack of corona , a bottle of prescription pill ... ingrid stand at the pharmacy counter with she earbud in , listen to a audiobook while a pharmacist ring she up . melody beattie ( v.o. ) maybe we pain be show we we need to set a boundary . maybe it 's show we we be go in a wrong direction ... ingrid look up to see two of charlottea friend ( jenny and nicole ) walk past . they make know eye contact with ingrid , who quickly turn the other way . the pharmacist hand ingrid a plastic bag . she grab it , throw down cash and make a beeline for the exit . melody beattie ( v.o. ) it 's okay to feel hurt ; it 's okay to cry ; it 's okay to heal ; it 's okay to move on to the next feel , when it 's time ... ingrid be almost to the door when she see Jenny and Nicole round the corner right in front of she . ingrid hide behind a cardboard display fill with candy . we hold on ingrid 's face as she wait for they to pass , remove she earbud so she can hear they whisper -- jenny ( 0.s. ) -- what be up with she hair ? nicole ( 0.s. ) seriously . who 's you stylist ? helen keller ? they laugh . ingrid touch she hair self - consciously . jenny ( 0.s. ) do not they send she to a insane asylum ? nicole ( 0.s. ) yep . her sister tell everyone she be at a yoga retreat . jenny ( 0.s. ) so dark . 11 . they disappear around a corner . ingrid put she earbud back in and head for the exit , try not to show any emotion . melody beattie ( v.o. ) today , I will not strike out at that who cause I pain . TI will feel my emotion and take responsibility for they ... i/e . nicole 's car - moment later a popsicle stick picture frame with a photo of Nicole and she family dangle from the rearview mirror . we rack focus to ingrid through the windshield as she exit the drugstore , recognize Nicole 's car . angle - outside the car ingrid make sure no one be watch , then reach into she purse and pull out Erin 's car key . she drag the key along the length of Nicole 's car , leave a jag white scratch . i/e. erin 's suv - evening ingrid be park in a suburban housing development , eat gummy worm and stare out the window . her Pov - a brand - new two -story home . Charlotte and she husband exit , carry a wrap gift and a bottle of wine . as they get into they car , Charlotte glance over at we -- ingrid duck down . she peer over the steering wheel . her Pov - Charlotte be squinting in we direction . she whisper to she husband , who look over at we , alarmed . ingrid throw the car into reverse , knock over a garbage bin . she jam on the gas and peel off , tire squealing . int . bathroom - erin and keith 's house - night ingrid be lie in the bathtub , drink a corona , wear a green face mask and flipping through she copy of vanity Fair . she pause on a article feature a photo of a confident , bohemian - look young woman in fade overall sit cross - legge on she front porch . the headline read : meet taylor sloane , you newest girl crush 12 . close on the photo of taylor sloane , 29 . her elegant beauty be offset by a effortless style and laid - back warmth . close on ingrid 's face . something inside she have shift . she be transfix . who be this perfect-look creature ? int . nursery - erin and keith 's house - minute later ingrid be in bed with she phone and a towel around she head . on the screen - she type the name '' Taylor sloane '' into the instagram search bar . her handle pop up - @welltaylored . ingrid open Taylor 's profile . she have 267 k follower . ingrid whoa . she tap on Taylor 's most recent photo . CUT to : classical music montage a photo of Taylor on a beach in malibu , wear a halterneck swimsuit and cover she face with she hand -- taylor ( v.o . ) '' live in the sunshine , swim in the sea , drink the wild air . '' Ralph waldo emerson . a slow-mo video of she dog , rothko , hang out the window of a old mercede , tongue flap , speed through l.a . -- taylor ( v.o. ) my muse . hashtag Rothko the dog. a photo of the sun set over a perfectly - restore desert cabin in joshua Tree -- taylor ( v.o. ) there be science , logic and reason . and then there be ... California . a video of a tall handsome guy with long ombre hair ( ezra ) set off bottle rocket on a rooftop in downtown l.a . -- taylor ( v.o. ) baby , you be a firework . american flag emoji . 13 . a photo of Taylor and ezra wear jean-luc godard - inspire Halloween costume -- taylor ( v.o. ) pierrot Le fou ? oui. we see perfectly - compose photo of Los Angeles , joshua Tree , vintage car , flower arrangement , whimsically - pattern wallpaper , navajo rug , designer shoe , artisanal cocktail , restaurant , music festival , travel , travel , more TRAVEL -- we see video of Taylor show off she house , riding around Venice on a beach cruiser , be interview for vanity Fair -- the image speed up as we zoom through the last five year of taylor's life , her voice overlapping with itself , the image cutting faster and faster until we -- CUT to : a video of Taylor on she wedding day in Big sur . she stand at the altar wear a 1930s lace dress and flower crown across from ezra who wear a white tux and black feel hat -- voice ( 0.s. ) .-. you may now kiss the bride . Taylor and ezra kiss . it 's a incredibly intimate moment . int . bathroom - erin and keith 's house - early morning ingrid be watch the video in bed , wiping away tear . ecu : her thumb press the ' follow 's button . int . live room - erin and keith 's house - day ingrid and Logan be on the couch in they pajamas watch cartoon while Erin make dinner in the background . ingrid scroll through Taylor 's instagram on she phone . on the screen - a photo of a enchilada on top of a plate emblazon with the phrase '' what be you grateful for ? '' -- taylor ( v.o . ) I be grateful for this vegan enchilada with raw cacao mole sauce . pray hand emoji . ingrid tap on the ' comment 's bubble , think of what to say . we hear ingrid 's voice as she type -- 14 . ingrid ( v.o. ) damn , girl ! that look yummy . what 's you email address ? ingrid pause . something do not feel right . she delete she comment and try again . ingrid ( v.o. ) I be such a foodie . should we be best friend ? ingrid frown . still not right . she try again . ingrid ( v.0 . ) omg ! where be this place ?? she add a ' lick lip 's emoji to the end of she comment . ingrid smile . naile it . she press send . keith enter from the garage , take off he cop helmet , a serious look on he face . keith hey , ingrid , can I talk to you for a second ? in private ? ingrid freeze , look worried . CUT to : ingrid and keith be stand in the hallway , whisper . keith ( cont 'd ) do you stop by Charlotte 's house yesterday ? ingrid no . keith ingrid . do not lie to I . ingrid I be not lie . keith should I get Erin in here ? maybe you would feel more comfortable tell she what happen . Erin appear in the doorway , drying she hand with a towel . 15 . erin tell I what ? keith I get a call from Charlotte 's lawyer this morning . apparently she see ingrid lurking outside she house last night . ingrid ( defensive ) I be not lurking . I be just feel low and I want to see if she get my letter -- keith you send she a letter ?! erin ingrid , why would you do that ?! ingrid I need to apologize and let she know there be no hard feeling . erin what do you mean no hard feeling ? ingrid I mean , none of this would have happen if she have just invite I to she wedding in the first place . keith and Erin stare at ingrid , dumbfounded . erin ingrid , Charlotte do not invite you because you be not she friend . she 's just a girl we go to high school with who reach out to you after Mom die . that 's it ! ingrid I be sorry , okay ? it will not happen again . erin that be such bullshit ! keith Babe , calm down -- 16 . erin no , I can not do this anymore . ( to ingrid ) it 's clear you do not want we help so you know what ? I be do . do whatever you want . this be you problem , not ours . Erin storm off . keith give ingrid one last disapprove glance and exit . ingrid stand there , look hurt . int . bathroom - erin and keith 's house - night ingrid be sit on the toilet , cry softly to herself . her phone buzy . she look down . a new notification . on the screen - Taylor have respond to ingrid 's comment . taylor ( v.o. ) Cafe gratitude . it 's the best . come check it out next time you be in l.a . ! winking face emoji . ingrid 's expression change . she smile , wiping away tear . int . nursery - erin and keith 's house - night ingrid be stare at the vanity Fair profile of Taylor . her Pov - the caption beneath the photo read '' Taylor and she dog , Rothko , at home in Venice , California . '' punch in on the word : '' Venice , California . " time CUT : ingrid open the bank folder Erin leave she and check she account balance sheet . we scroll down a page fill with useless financial jargon until we land on -- '' available balance : $ 91,234.21 '' ingrid stare at the number in disbelief . int . bank - morning ingrid watch , mesmerize , as $ 100 bill be spit out of a count machine and arrange into neat pile by a branch manager . one by one , ingrid place the stack of money into she old l.l. bean backpack . 17 . ext . erin and keith 's house - night the house be asleep . a window open on the top floor and ingrid 's backpack be toss out onto the lawn follow by a duffel bag . ingrid climb out , carefully lowering herself to the ground . she grab she bag and run to a wait cab . dissolve to : ext . venice beach - sunrise the Pacific Ocean shimmer under a pink and orange sky , wave crash against the shoreline . we pull back to reveal ingrid sit in the sand with she bag , stare out at the sea . she look down at she phone . on the screen - ingrid be create a new instagram account . the cursor blink in the empty ' username 's field . she think for a moment , then type in the word : ingrid ( v.o. ) ingrid go West . her new profile pop up . a completely blank canvas . ingrid raise she phone , snap a picture of the sunrise . she pause , think of the perfect caption . she glance around , she eye landing on a corona ad plaster to the side of a nearby building , then type : ingrid ( v.o. ) finally find my beach . happy face emoji . ecu : ingrid 's thumb press the ' share 's button . ext . venice street - day quick shot of ingrid pedale a brand - new beach cruiser through the street of Venice , soaking it all in . she pause in front of a old victorian house . there be a brand - new black pick - up truck park out front with a batman symbol in place of the Toyota emblem . a sign post in the yard read : '' available : 1 br + 1 bath " 18 . int . guest house - day ingrid look around while the owner , dan pinto , 34 , ride a two - wheeled scooter around , talk on he phone and puffing on a vape pen . he wear a flat - brim hat , a xxl Jordan bull jersey , board short and adida slide with tube sock . dan pinto ( into phone ) last night be haywire , dude . you see that girl I be talk to ? total smoke show . bounced she back to my place for some YouTube and chill . we be up all night . Pinto glance over at ingrid , clearly say this for she benefit , but she be not pay attention at all . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) Nah , we do not hook up , but it 's all good . I be juggling too many bitch right now anyway . gotta whittle down my body count -- ingrid clear she throat . Pinto lower he voice . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) hey listen , I gotta run but hit I up later if you wanna blaze . ( awkward beat ) okay , yeah , no worry . maybe some other time -- ( beat ) hello ...? Jeremy ? Pinto hang up and turn to ingrid . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) bad connection . ( extend he hand ) hey . Dan Pinto . ingrid ingrid. ( confuse beat ) be you the landlord ? dan pinto I do not really like the term landlord . just think of I as the chill guy who life next door and collect rent every month . 19 . ingrid but ... this be you place , right ? dan pinto it 's really more of a side hustle to keep I cash - positive while I pursue my true passion . Pinto hand she a card that read '' dan pinto // screenwriter '' in batman forever font with all of he social media handle . ingrid you write movie ? Pinto nod , exhaling a thick cloud of smoke from he vape . ingrid ( cont 'd ) anything I have see ? dan pinto you familiar with batman ? ingrid wow . you write that ? dan pinto not exactly . but I be work on a script for a new installment in the franchise . it be not exactly '' authorize '' but my producer Jeremy use to be Joel schumacher 's assistant and he pretty much guarantee he would forward it along once I finish this new draft . ingrid have already stop listen and be make she way into the bedroom . Pinto chase after she . ingrid how much be this place ? dan pinto all business , huh ? c’mon , ingrid . ( Dr. evil voice ) throw I a frickin’ bone here ! Pinto grin , expect a laugh . ingrid look uneasy . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) ( clear he throat ) it 's , uh , twenty - nine hundred a month plus two month 's security deposit . no pet allow but we be most certainly 420 - friendly . Pinto offer ingrid a hit of he vape pen . silence . ingrid no thanks . dan pinto very cool . I '’11 just run a quick credit check and I 'il also need some proof of income -- ingrid can I pay you in cash ? Pinto seem impressed and a little turn on . int . pinto 's house - day 20 . the place be a glorify dorm room fill with wall - to- wall batman merchandise , frame poster of classic 90 movie like '' the matrix '' and '' 12 monkey '' and a giant fish tank . Pinto watch as ingrid dig through she backpack , count out nine grand in cash on a table litter with weed jar . dan pinto do not take this the wrong way , but ... be you a prostitute ? ingrid nope. dan pinto drug dealer ? ( no response ) ' Cause if you be , my producer Jeremy have a legit hook - up -- ingrid I be not a drug dealer , okay ? my mom die and she leave I some money and I just want to start over . Pinto take a solemn drag on he vape pen . ingrid hand he the cash . dan pinto my condolence . ingrid thanks . he smile , hand she the key . 21 . dan pinto welcome to La La land , ingrid . ( pause ) so , uh ... what be you plan the rest of the day ? wanna grab some in & out animal - style ? my treat . ingrid I be pretty tired but thanks anyway . ingrid head for the door . Pinto call out after she . dan pinto if you need help move , lemme know and I 'il fire up the batmobile . ingrid okay ! will do . ingrid exit quickly , the screen door slamm behind she . dan pinto peace out , roomie ! int . guest house - minute later ingrid stand inside she empty apartment , look around contentedly . her phone ding . a new notification pop up : “@officialdanpinto be now follow you . '' ingrid open Pinto 's profile . a measly 178 follower . she tap on he most recent post . on the screen - a photo of Pinto at six flag , crouching and throw up double peace sign in front of batman : the ride . dan pinto ( v.0 . ) six flag solo mission . shit just get real . ingrid frown . she open Taylor 's page instead , pull up she vegan enchilada photo . she tap on the geotag for '' Cafe gratitude '' and a map appear show the exact location . int . cafe gratitude - day ingrid sit at a table alone . she crane she neck , look around for any sign of Taylor . 22 . female voice ( 0.s. ) what 's you biggest emotional wound ? ingrid turn . a waitress with a nose ring be smile at she . ingrid I be sorry ? waitress that 's we question of the day . she point to a chalkboard hang on the wall that read : '' today 's question : what be you biggest emotional wound ? '' waitress ( cont ’d ) mine 's my relationship with my dad . it 's cool if you do not want to answer . we have to ask everyone who come in . company policy . ingrid uh ... I be good , thanks . waitress in that case , welcome to gratitude ! my name 's eden . how can I nourish you today ? ingrid I be meeting a friend of mine for lunch . have you see she ? ingrid hold up a photo of Taylor on she phone that 's be cropped to look like a original . waitress Taylor sloane ? yeah , she come in all the time . she be just here like a hour ago . ( confuse ) you say you be meeting she for lunch ? ingrid oh , uh ... shoot . I must have get the time wrong . ( quick beat ) do you remember what she order ? CUT to : 23 . ingrid sit in front of a plate of yam cauliflower samosas , concentrate as she take a bird - eye photo of it . on the screen - ingrid post the photo on she instagram account . we hear she voice as she type out the caption : ingrid ( v.o. ) well , I make it . thanks for the rec @welltaylored ! hashtag I be grateful . ingrid tap ' share 's and smile , feel good about herself . ingrid set down she phone to take she first bite . she immediately gag , spitting the half - chew food onto she plate , draw stare from some of the other customer . int . guest house - night ingrid sit cross -legge on the floor of she empty apartment , eat a in-n - out burger and look at instagram . on the screen - a street - style photo of Taylor in front of a row of surfboard , wear a linen sack dress , suede boot and a straw hat , hold a Claire vivier clutch . taylor ( v.o. ) New @stevenalan thread get I like ... princess emoji . ext . steven alan - day ingrid walk out wear the exact same outfit as Taylor and carry two shopping bag . she look down at she phone . on the screen - a photo of Taylor get a haircut . taylor ( v.o. ) summer chop courtesy of the lovely lady @trimsalon . int . trim salon - day ingrid sit in a chair , scrolling through she phone , as the stylist apply highlight to she hair with bit of tin foil . on the screen - a photo of a first edition of Joan didion 's the White album frame next to a intelligentsia coffee cup . 24 . taylor ( v.o . ) '' we tell ourselves storey in order to live . '' Joan didion . int . intelligentsia coffee - day ingrid be at the coffee bar , hair style exactly like Taylor 's , sip a latte and read a first edition of the White album . her phone ding . a notification pop up : “@officialdanpinto have comment on you post . '' on the screen - ingrid swipe on the notification . her photo from Cafe gratitude appear , now with one like from Pinto . dan pinto ( v.o. ) cauliflower samosa game on fleek . Devil horn emoji . ingrid sigh , disappointed . int . corner store - morning ingrid be wear sweat and flip -flops , she hair in a messy bun , grab a sixer of Coronas out of the fridge . as the door close , she hear a familiar voice and turn to see -- taylor sloane -- stand at the register , buy a New York Times and make small talk with the cashier . taylor -+. I love the feel of ink on paper . it 's so tactile . ingrid turn back around , try not to freak out . she pull out she phone and use the front - face camera to check she appearance then immediately close it , disgust . ingrid okay . relax . just be cool . ( cheerful voice ) hey ! how be you ?! I be a huge fan ! fuck ... ( beat ) oh my god ! hi ! it 's I ! ingrid ! no ! shut up ! just be yourself ... a mom push a stroller come around the corner . she see ingrid stand there with she eye close , mutter to herself , and immediately turn the other way . 25 . ingrid take a deep breath and turn , open she eye . as she look at the counter , she expression change . her Pov - Taylor be go . ext . STREET - continuous ingrid rush out of the store look both way . her Pov - we pan around frantically then zoom in on Taylor , across the street , walk into a store . ingrid be about to cross the street when Pinto cruise by in he pick - up truck , grin , music thumping . dan pinto ' sup , ingrid ! ingrid try to see past Pinto 's truck , but it 's too big . ingrid get out of the way ! Pinto watch , confuse , as ingrid dash across the busy intersection , car honk as she run past . int . general store - day a upscale Venice boutique . Taylor be browsing a table of knickknack . ingrid walk up , eyeing Taylor and pretend to flip through a coffee table book about bread . ingrid mmmm . this look so bread . ingrid wince , realize she mistake . Taylor look up . taylor sorry ? ingrid I mean good . this bread look so good . ( awkward ) sound like somebody do not have they coffee this morning ! ingrid force a laugh . Taylor smile politely and look away . ingrid remain freeze , a grin plaster on she face . ingrid ( cont 'd ) I think I will buy this . 26 . Taylor pretend not to hear she . ingrid approach the register , glance back at Taylor longingly . ext . venice STREET - later Taylor be walk with she earbud plugge in , scrolling through she phone . in the background , we see ingrid follow she at a safe distance . ext . taylor 's house - continuous Taylor open the gate of she beautiful craftsman house , check the mail . there be a airstream and a vintage mercede in the driveway . a dog yap from inside . ingrid hide behind a park car , watch Taylor as she enter she house . ingrid pause , notice something . her Pov - Taylor 's dog , rothko , sit at the window , panting . ext . taylor 's house - night Taylor exit , follow by she husband , ezra o'keefe , 33 , now sport a impressive beard . they hop into Taylor 's mercede and she back out of the driveway . angle on - ingrid she watch they from the shadow of a nearby alleyway , hold a in-n - out bag and suck on a milkshake . ingrid tip -toe up to the gate , look both way . Rothko appear at the window , barking incessantly . ingrid crouch low , hurry around the side of the house . she try one of the window . lock . then another . also lock . ingrid continue around to the back of the house , try every window until finally one open revealing a small powder room . ingrid try climb inside but it 's too small . angle - inside the house Rothko come sprinting up to the window with he tooth bare . ingrid pull out a loose hamburger patty , hold it up . ingrid here ! want some ? Rothko stop bark and sit , eye train on the patty . ingrid dangle the meat inside the window , just out of he reach . Rothko jump up and down , try to get at it . 27 . ingrid ( cont 'd ) come on , Rothko . come on , boy ... ingrid grab Rothko mid-jump , pull he outside . int . guest house - night ecu : Rothko 's face , bark incessantly . ingrid stand above he , desperately try to placate he . ingrid ( hiss ) shh ! please stop bark ! there 's a knock at the front door . ingrid look startle . she grab Rothko , look around frantically , place he in the cabinet under the sink . she toss a already - open bag of flamin 's hot cheeto inside and shut the cabinet door . CUT to : the front door open , revealing Pinto . dan pinto hey , sorry to bug you , but ... do you by any chance get a dog ? ingrid stare at Pinto blankly . ingrid nope . dan pinto oh ... really ? maybe it 's the kush talk but I swear I hear bark come from you place . ingrid I be watch a movie . about dog . dan pinto like Beethoven ? ingrid yes ! Beethoven ! Love that movie . dan pinto what ! I too ! wanna finish it at my place ? we can take my new bubbler for a test drive . 28 . before ingrid can respond , Rothko wander into the live room with orange dust all over he face , violently rip apart the cheeto bag . Pinto give ingrid a look . ingrid my friend ask if I could dog - sit for a few day . dan pinto yeahhhh . unfortunately , it 's kind of a '' no dog '' situation up in here . ingrid totally . it 's not my dog though . dan pinto right . the thing be , I be actually super allergic to pet dander . one whiff of that guy and I could go into anaphylactic shock . ingrid it 's only for one night . he will not come near you , I promise . ( pouty face ) please ? Pinto look at Rothko , then back at ingrid . dan pinto well I guess I can let it slide this one time . ingrid thanks , Dan . you be the best . Pinto go to leave , then quickly turn back around . dan pinto oh , by the way , I be put together a little table read for my script this weekend and I would love to have you in the mix . ingrid ( wince ) ooh , this weekend ? I do not think I can . dan pinto you sure ? there 's free sushi . ingrid yeah , no . sorry . 29 . awkward beat . Pinto be disappointed but play it off . dan pinto hey , all good . more sushi for I , right ? Pinto grin , linger in the doorway . ingrid raise she eyebrow , indicate the conversation be over . he take a step back and she close the door , heaving a sigh of relief . ext . venice STREET - morning ecu : a '' missing dog '' poster with a artfully - shot photo of Rothko from Taylor 's instagram be tack to a telephone pole . reveal ingrid stare at the poster . she rip it down and slip it into she purse , walk away quickly . int . guest house - day ingrid be on the phone , hold the missing dog poster . ezra ( v.o. ) hello ? ingrid freeze . she be not expect a man 's voice . ingrid um , hi ... I be call about you dog ? I see you poster -- ezra ( v.o. ) oh my God ! Rothko ! be he okay ? ingrid yeah , he 's totally fine . Rothko be lie on the floor , chest heaving , surround by empty fast - food wrapper and cheeto bag . ezra ( v.o. ) where do you live ? I x11 come by right now . ingrid look around the empty apartment . ingrid oh , I be ... stick in traffic . why do not I swing by you place in , like , twenty minute ? 30 . ezra ( v.o. ) perfect . ingrid great ! see you then . ezra ( v.o. ) ( confuse ) do not you need the address ? ingrid silently curse at herself for be so careless . ingrid yep . ready when you be . int . guest house - day quick shot of ingrid styling she hair , put on make - up , slip into a brand - new Rachel comey dress ... ext . taylor 's house - day ingrid walk up to the front gate with Rothko in one arm and she Claire vivier clutch in the other . the door open to reveal Taylor , wear a embroider white mexican peasant dress and birkenstock sandal . taylor Rothko ! we miss you ! Rothko leap out of ingrid 's arm and run to Taylor . ezra appear behind she , wear a chambray apron cover in paint splatter . he lean over , let Rothko lick he mouth . taylor ( cont ’d ) oh my god , thank you ! we be so worried . you have no idea . ( extend she hand ) hi. I be Taylor . close on Taylor 's perfectly - manicure hand . ingrid stare at it . she 's be wait for this moment . they hand touch . ingrid ingrid . taylor this be my husband , ezra . ezra hola . where have you find he ? 31 . ingrid oh , just ... a few block from here . ezra inspect Rothko 's eye , look concerned . ezra he look sick . must have be eat garbage or something . taylor poor rothko. ( to ingrid ) hang on , before I forget ... Taylor reach into she Clare vivier clutch and pull out she checkbook . ezra notice ingrid 's match bag and smile . ezra hey , you guy have the same purse . ingrid ( feign surprise ) oh my God . so random . taylor should I make it out to cash ? ingrid oh , I can not take you money . taylor we insist . ingrid I be just glad he 's okay . really . taylor be you sure ? ezra why do not you stay for dinner ? let we cook for you . taylor yes ! I love that idea . slow push in on ingrid . she be freaking out on the inside but try to play it cool ... 32 . int . taylor's house - moment later Taylor and ezra lead ingrid through they house . it 's even more perfect in real life -- midcentury modern furniture , color-coordinated bookshelve , macrame plant hanger , moroccan rug , and ton of natural light . taylor can we get you something to drink ? ingrid I have love a corona . Taylor laugh . ingrid join in on a slight delay . taylor I think we can do better than that . ezra Taylor make a killer South side . taylor it 's the same recipe they use at the 21 Club in Manhattan . ingrid ( so confuse ) um ... sure . int . kitchen - taylor 's house - day ingrid watch as Taylor pour freshly - make cocktail into copper mug , add muddle lime and a sprig of mint . taylor sorry , we have be so stress about Rothko that I have not have a chance to run to the farmer 's market . ingrid look over at ezra , searing a fresh piece of tuna with a blowtorch . he place the wilted dandelion green atop the plate of sear tuna use a pair of tweezers . ezra hope you do not mind if we improvise a little . ingrid seem slightly intimidate by how nice everything be . ingrid I feel like I be at a restaurant . Taylor smile , hand the finish drink to ingrid . 33 . taylor more like Kitchen nightmares . ingrid take a sip . it 's the best drink she 's ever taste . ingrid Holy shit . this be amazing . Taylor stare at ingrid with a flicker of recognition . taylor have we meet before ? ingrid ( nervous ) no. definitely not . taylor huh . you face look so familiar . awkward silence . ingrid be desperate to change the subject . ingrid you mind if I use you bathroom ? int . hallway - taylor 's house - day ingrid wander down the hallway towards the bathroom . she pause , eyeing a cluster of photo on the wall . each one be of Taylor and ezra in a different desirable location -- on a beach in tulum , stand atop machu picchu , eat sushi with jiro , wear costume at Burning man ... ingrid lean in closer , notice a graduation photo of Taylor and she brother , nicky , a handsome puckish young dude . ingrid notice a open door . she peer through the crack . her Pov - a bright , minimalist bedroom with a few art piece on the wall and even more book and plant . ingrid scan the room like a terminator , take note of every detail . int . bathroom - taylor 's house - day ingrid turn the faucet on full blast . she throw back the shower curtain , open the medicine cabinet and dig through the trash can , snap picture with she phone . perfume , shampoo , make - up , candle , feminine hygiene product -- 34 . int . kitchen - taylor 's house - moment later ingrid sit back down . Taylor snap she finger , realize . taylor I know where I see you ! ( off ingrid 's look ) the echo Park craft Fair ! you be sell that bolivian clay pot . ingrid I actually just move here a week ago . ezra maybe you be confusing she with one of you crazy internet fan-girl . ingrid tense up . Taylor touch she arm , reassuringly . taylor he 's give I shit because I happen to engage with people on social media like the rest of the know universe . my husband suffer from chronic technophobia . ezra that 's not true . I just do not want someone form a opinion of I base on what kind of shoe I wear or what I eat for breakfast . taylor ( teasing ) here we go ... ezra no , wait a second . let 's ask ingrid what she think . Taylor and ezra both shift they attention to ingrid . she pause , choose she word carefully . ingrid I think you can tell a lot about a person base on what they like . taylor yes ! thank you . I mean , in a ideal world we would not all be so judgmental but we can not help ourselves , so why pretend otherwise ? ( more ) 35 . taylor ( cont 'd ) ( to ingrid ) like with you . I know I would like you the moment I see you just base on what you be wear . ingrid smile , pleased with herself . ezra shake he head . ezra I prefer to keep some part of my life private , that 's all . I want my work to speak for itself . taylor ( proudly ) ezra 's a artist . ingrid what kind of stuff do you do ? int . garage - taylor 's house - night a three - shot of ingrid stand between Taylor and ezra , stare thoughtfully at a painting out of frame . ezra I guess you could label it '' pop art '' but I be not sure yet . reverse shot of a wall of canvase feature Ed ruscha-style painting of popular phrase like '' current mood '' and '' on fleek '' and '' I can't even '' over classic american landscape . ingrid I love this . Taylor smile at ezra , squeezing he arm encouragingly . ingrid ( cont 'd ) be any of this for sale ? ezra uh ... I mean , not technically -- taylor ( cut he off ) yes . of course they be . ingrid approach a painting that read '' squad goal '' over a image of wild horse gallop through a field . ingrid how much be this one ? 36 . ezra look to Taylor for guidance . ezra how much do we say '' squad goal '' be , babe ? taylor I think it be twelve hundred ? Taylor and ezra watch as ingrid reach into she clutch and pull out a wallet fill with cash . she count out twelve hundred dollar and hand it to a stunne ezra . taylor ( cont ’d ) ( smile ) I will grab the champagne . ext . backyard - taylor 's house - night ezra be fill Taylor and ingrid 's glass with champagne . taylor to ingrid . rescuer of dog , patron of the art , and all around good neighbor . ezra salut ! they all cheer . ingrid blushes , smile as she take a sip . CUT to : various shot of ingrid , Taylor and ezra hang out , talk and laugh , sip cocktail and smoking cigarettes . for the first time , ingrid feel like she 's where she belong . ext . front porch - taylor 's house - later it 's late . Taylor and ezra be say goodbye to ingrid , who be carry ezra 's enormous painting with both hand . taylor so great meeting you , ingrid . ingrid yeah , you too . ingrid linger for a moment , not want to leave ... Taylor 's phone buzy . she look at it , frown . 37 . taylor oh , you have get to be kid I . ezra what 's wrong ? taylor ahna cancel on I again . I can not even deal with she right now . ezra rub Taylor 's back , consol she . ezra Babe , do not worry . we will figure it out . ingrid ( concerned ) be everything okay ? Taylor sigh , gesture to the airstream in the driveway . taylor we buy that monstrosity at a estate sale and I have be try to move it out to we place in joshua Tree but my old mercede can not tow it . my friend have a truck but she keep flaking on I -- ingrid ( blurt out ) I have a truck . Taylor and ezra look at ingrid , surprised . taylor oh , no ... I could not . you have do so much for we already . ingrid no , really . I do not mind . ezra great . Problem solve . Taylor give ezra a look , feel put on the spot . ingrid pick up on this , add : ingrid I be actually think of go out there soon anyway . I do not really know anyone here yet and you both seem like nice people . 38 . beat . Taylor smile , warming to the idea . taylor okay , yeah . how 's this Saturday ? ingrid perfect ! taylor here , I 'il give you my number . ingrid hand Taylor she phone . she watch as Taylor punch in she info , struggle to contain she excitement . ext . pinto 's house - day ingrid knock on the door . it open , revealing a shirtless and sweaty Pinto . he look completely catch off-guard . dan pinto ingrid ! hey . sorry , you catch I in the middle of a workout sesh -- we hear the unmistakable sound of porn emanate from he laptop . Pinto exit quickly , shutting the door behind he . ingrid be this a bad time ? dan pinto nope . all good . what 's up ? ingrid ( wince ) can I borrow you truck ? dan pinto the batmobile ? sure thing . where we head ? Ikea ? Home Depot ? ingrid I actually need it this Saturday . dan pinto ooh , sorry , ingrid . no can do . get my big table read that night . ingrid be there any way I could borrow it during the day ? without you ? Pinto laugh , then realize ingrid be not joke . 39 . dan pinto be you for real ? ingrid please ? I x11 do anything . Pinto pause to consider this , stroking he chin . dan pinto well , now that you mention it , one of my actress book a nickelodeon show so we be look for someone to fill in as catwoman . ( grin ) whaddya say , ingrid ? you ready for you close -up ? we hold on ingrid as she swallow uncomfortably ... ext . pinto 's house - day Pinto be lead ingrid around he pick - up , all business . dan pinto no texting and drive . no smoking . premium fuel only . oh , and there 's a little blind spot on the passenger side . you be not gonna be towing anything , be you ? ingrid no . why ? dan pinto her engine 's be supercharged so she will overheat if she 's pull too much weight . guess that 's the trade - off you gotta make if you wanna burn rubber , be I right ? Pinto laugh . ingrid laugh with a slight delay . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) well , that conclude the tutorial . just be back here by five on Saturday and we will cruise to Jeremy 's dad 's house for the read . ingrid Dan , thank you so much . 40 . dan pinto no worry , ingrid . or should I say ... catwoman ? ingrid ingrid 's fine for now . Pinto put he arm around she in a friendly but awkward way . dan pinto it 's funny . I always say I would never let anyone else drive the batmobile , but ... I have a good feel about you , ingrid . ext . highway - day Pinto 's truck fly down the highway with ingrid behind the wheel and the airstream hitched to the back . she attempt to change lane and narrowly miss a honking sedan . i/e. pinto 's truck ( moving ) - day ingrid drive with both hand grip the wheel , look stress out . Taylor ride shotgun , scrolling through she instagram mention and fire off reply . taylor I can not believe you have never be to joshua Tree . we should swing by the integratron for a sound bath . ingrid nod , confuse . Taylor pull out a CD case from the center console , hold up the batman forever soundtrack . taylor ( cont ’d ) wow . I have no idea you be so into batman . ingrid laugh uncomfortably . Taylor pop in the CD . taylor ( cont ’d ) you would love my brother . he be obsessed with this movie when we be kid . ingrid you have a brother ? taylor nicky . we be twin , actually . he 's the best . ( more ) 41 . taylor ( cont 'd ) he 's so funny and , like , genius - level smart . I keep tell he to move out here but he and ezra do not really get along . ingrid why 's that ? taylor nicky use to be a bit of a party animal . he have a few brushes with the law but he 's totally sober now . a loud chime sound from inside the truck . a red emergency light flash on the dashboard . taylor ( cont ’d ) yikes . should we pull over ? ingrid check the time on she phone . it 's past noon already . ingrid I be sure it 's nothing . ingrid turn up the music but the chime be still audible . taylor it sound pretty serious . I / 'il check the manual . Taylor pop open the glove and a bunch of crap tumble out , include a box of magnum condom and a baggie of cocaine . taylor ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , ingrid ! ingrid oh no , that be not mine . Taylor pick up the vehicle registration , read aloud . taylor who 's '' Daniel Pinto '' ? we hold on ingrid 's face as she think of what to say -- ext . roy 's motel & cafe - day ingrid and Taylor be sit underneath the iconic sign while a mechanic work on Pinto 's truck in the background . 42 . taylor I can not believe you do not tell I you have a boyfriend . ingrid it 's not serious or anything . taylor how long have you guy be dating ? ingrid a little over a week ? taylor and he 's already let you borrow he truck ? wow , you move fast . the mechanic approach , wiping grease off on he coverall . mechanic car 's good to go , lady . just need to cool down a bit . taylor oh my God , thank you . you be the best . would you mind snap a quick picture of we before we go ? ingrid 's heart skip a beat . Taylor hand the mechanic she phone and stand next to ingrid while he line up the shot . mechanic say cheese . ingrid smile wide . Taylor touch she arm , whisper . taylor do not smile . here . put this on . Taylor give ingrid she sunglass . ingrid put they on , she smile vanish . they pose while the mechanic snap a few . mechanic okay , I think we get it . he hand Taylor back she phone . she swipe through the picture and frown , shaking she head . taylor sorry , but would you mind take a few more ? this time , try frame it with the two of we in the middle and the sign right above we head . 43 . she hand she phone back to the puzzle mechanic . mechanic um ... sure . Taylor try out a series of different pose as the mechanic step back and continue snap , grow impatient . taylor ( to ingrid ) should we do one with a peace sign ? mechanic ( annoyed ) last one ! Taylor flash a peace sign . ingrid flash one too . click . ext . joshua tree house - day a picturesque 1950s - era homestead cabin surround by cacti and desert flower . the airstream be park out front . ingrid and Taylor wander around the property , enjoy the outdoors and sip fresh - squeeze lemonade from mason jar . ingrid this be heaven . taylor you should have see it when we move in . it be vile . the inside smell like cat urine and the roof be cave in . ezra and I do all the renovation ourselves . ingrid nod , impressed . her phone ding . on the screen - a text from Pinto : '' yoooo ! where u at ? '' ingrid should we head back ? taylor ( laugh ) be you crazy ? we just get here . Taylor turn to ingrid with a mischievous smile . taylor ( cont 'd ) I have a idea . 44 , i/e . pinto 's truck - evening ecu : a fingernail with a tiny palm tree paint on it dip into the baggie of cocaine . the truck be park outside a desert bar call pappy & harriet 's. ingrid watch Taylor do a lady - like bump off she nail , tipping she head back to sniff the drip like a pro . ingrid ( alarmed ) do you do this a lot ? taylor not anymore . I go through a brief coke phase in college but I have not do any since Burning man . I know ezra and I may seem like a couple of old fogy but we still know how to cut loose every once in a while . have you be to Burning man ? you should totally join we camp next year . Taylor rub she gum as she pass ingrid the bag of coke . taylor ( cont ’d ) I be so glad we come here , by the way . pappy 's be the best . the crowd 's a bit sketchy but they always have great live music and the most amazing desert vibe -- ingrid 's phone ding repeatedly from inside she bag . taylor ( cont ’d ) um , be everything okay ? ingrid reach into she bag and subtly check she phone . on the screen - ingrid 's have 13 missed call from Pinto and a series of frantic text message : '' be everything ok ingrid ? '' '' why be not u answer you phone ??!! '' '' helloooocc0000 . " '' ingrid just Dan check up on I . taylor that be so sweet . ezra never text I when I be out of town . his communication skill be atrocious . ingrid 's phone light up with another call from Pinto . 45 . taylor ( cont ’d ) come on , let 's dance ! Taylor hop out . ingrid hesitates for a beat , then press '' decline '' and power she phone off . she dip she nail into the bag of blow and accidentally do a huge bump as we -- CUT to : int . pappy & harriet 's - night ingrid and Taylor be at the bar , toast margaritas . Taylor hold up she phone , snap a photo of they together . CUT to : Taylor and ingrid be on the dance floor . Taylor move she body with a sexy confidence , while ingrid shuffles around self - consciously , try to imitate Taylor . CUT to : ingrid and Taylor be do fireball shot by the pool table with a group of drunk marine . Taylor snap another photo . CUT to : ingrid , Taylor and the Marines be all on the dance floor . ingrid be start to get loose . one of the Marines try grind with Taylor but ingrid wedge herself between they . CUT to : ingrid , Taylor and two of the Marines be cramme inside the bathroom stall , do line . Taylor be talk non-stop while ingrid nod , hang on she every word . CUT to : the Marines have form a circle , cheer as Taylor and ingrid tear up the dance floor . ingrid let herself go , she body erupting into a series of bizarre spasm . Taylor follow ingrid 's lead , allow she own move to get bigger and weirder . they jump up and down , sweat and laugh . i/e. pinto 's truck ( moving ) - night ingrid and Taylor be tear down a desert highway , smoking cigarettes and sing along to seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' . we hear honk off screen . the Marines from the bar pull up alongside they in a Jeep , whistling and cat-call . 46 . taylor watch this . Taylor lift she shirt and flash the soldier she breast . taylor ( cont ’d ) spring break ! woo ! the Marines be cheer and honking like crazy . ingrid turn and lift she shirt , take both hand off the wheel . ingrid spring break , bitch ! Taylor look ahead , eye widen . taylor ingrid ! look out ! her Pov - a rabbit be stand in the middle of the road ... ingrid jerk the wheel , swerving sharply onto the shoulder . reeeeeeeeee ! the passenger side of the truck scrape loudly against the guard rail , spark fly everywhere ... ingrid slam on the brake , all the color drain from she face . she and Taylor exchange a concerned look . ext . joshua tree house - night Pinto 's truck be park in the driveway with a huge scratch run down the entire passenger side . Taylor and ingrid be sit on the porch , wrap in navajo blanket . they pass a joint back and forth , both come down hard . ingrid stare at the damage truck . ingrid Dan be gonna kill I . taylor relax . it 's just a scratch . you can buff that right out . ingrid what do I say happen ? taylor just tell he it be a honest mistake . he will understand . come on , do not let one little scratch ruin a otherwise perfect night . 47 . ingrid yeah , I guess you be right . silence . Taylor take a thoughtful drag and exhales . taylor so ... what make you wanna move to l.a .? ingrid stare at Taylor , look hopeful . ingrid you really want to know ? taylor yeah , why ? how bad can it be ? ingrid pretty bad . taylor try I . ingrid pause , take a long drag . she exhales . ingrid well , let 's see . my mom die about a year ago , so ... that happen . then my best friend decide not to invite I to she wedding and we have this big fall out . and if that be not enough , my sister sell we mom 's house behind my back while I be still live there . Taylor be stare at ingrid with a mix of pity and sadness . taylor oh my God . you poor thing . ingrid pause , suddenly feel self - conscious . ingrid sorry . be I be too intense ? taylor no ! not at all . I love how real you be . ( beat ) can I tell you a secret ? ingrid um , yes ! hello ! spill my gut over here ... 48 . Taylor laugh , ease the tension . taylor okay . see that house over there ? Taylor point toward a similar- look house next door . taylor ( cont 'd ) I have be think about buy it . ( beat ) I know it sound crazy , but ... I have this idea of open a boutique hotel fill with all of my favorite thing where everything in it be for sale . ingrid stare at Taylor in stone amazement . ingrid that be such a good idea . taylor right ? it 's so simple . basically , if you see something you like , you can take it with you and we will add it to you bill . it would be like my instagram but in real life . ingrid okay . that sound incredible and you need to do that right now . taylor I be think of call it ... Desert D ’or. ingrid how do you come up with that ? taylor it 's from this norman mailer book . the Deer Park . I be obsessed with it . promise I you will not repeat any of this . I have not even tell ezra about it yet . ingrid why not ? Taylor take the joint and drag on it , sighing . 49 , taylor I dunno . ever since I convinced he to quit he job and become a artist full time he 's be kind of weird about money . ingrid ( confuse ) I think he painting be really popular . taylor oh , they be . do not get I wrong , he 's absurdly talented but he refuse to self - promote . he think it 's phony or something -- ( catch herself ) God , listen to I rambling on like a insane person . you must think I be the worst . ingrid be you kid ? you be perfect . Taylor laugh , faux - embarrassed . taylor yeah . perfectly fuck up . ingrid no , I be serious . you be by far the coolest , most interesting person I have ever meet . Taylor cock she head to the side , stare at ingrid as if she just say something incredibly profound . taylor oh my God . thank you . she lean she head on ingrid 's shoulder . taylor ( cont ’d ) you be a good friend , ingrid . ingrid 's heart flutter at the word '' friend '' . she smile . int . bedroom - joshua tree house - night Taylor be pass out on the couch , fast asleep , while ingrid lie next to she , wide awake , watch she . she take out she phone , snap photo after photo of they together . 50 . ext . taylor 's house - day Pinto 's truck roll to a stop in front of the house . Taylor give ingrid a big warm hug . she pause before she get out . taylor hey , so ... about last night . ingrid oh no , do not worry about it . taylor all that stuff about ezra -- ingrid my lip be seal . taylor thanks . and tell Dan sorry about the truck . can not wait to meet he ! Taylor exit . ingrid 's smile disappear as reality set in . i/e. pinto 's truck ( moving ) - minute later ingrid pull onto she block to see a cop car park outside of Pinto 's house . Pinto be talk anxiously to a pair of cop , gesticulate wildly and chain -vaping he e-cig . Pinto see he truck and a look of angry relief wash over he . he run over as ingrid pull up in front of the house . dan pinto ingrid ! where the fuck be you ?! ingrid I be so sorry . I can explain . ingrid park the car and jump out . Pinto turn to the cop . dan pinto sorry , fella . false alarm . the cop shake they head and walk back to they car . Pinto stick he head inside the truck , sniff the air . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) be you smoking in here ? I specifically say '' no smoke '' ! ingrid my friend might have have , like , one cigarette -- 51 . dan pinto you friend ...?! ingrid my friend Taylor . I tell you she be come with I . dan pinto no . you do not . ingrid nervously watch Pinto make he way around the truck . ingrid so ... how be the table read ? dan pinto cancell , obviously . Pinto see the damage and freeze , lowering he vape pen in shock . ingrid try to remain upbeat . ingrid you can buff that right out . ( no response ) it be a honest mistake . ( more silence ) do not worry , I ‘’1l pay for it . Pinto lean against the truck with he head down , fight back tear . he bite he lip , try to remain gangster . dan pinto anything else I should know about ? ingrid well ... we may have find something in the glove box -- dan pinto be you fuck kid I ?! ingrid one thing lead to another -- dan pinto you steal my coke too ?! the cop , still idling in they car , both look up at Pinto . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) thanks again , officer ! Pinto angle ingrid away , lead she back to the house . 52 . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to say to you right now , ingrid . I trust you . ingrid I say I be sorry ! Pinto look away , shaking he head . dan pinto I think you be catwoman . turn out you be two - face all along . Pinto storm back to he house , slamming the door behind he . ingrid stand there , feel guilty . ding ! she look down at she phone . a new notification : '' @welltaylored have tag a photo of you . '' ingrid open she instagram excitedly . on the screen - a photo of she and Taylor stand under the Roy 's Motel & Cafe sign , look like best friend . taylor ( v.o. ) foot on the ground , head in the sky . twin lady emoji . ecu : the photo already have 2,487 ' like 's while the comment section be litter with phrase like '' great shot ! " and '' beauty '' and '' # squadgoal '' and '' inspiring ! !" close on ingrid as a elate smile spread across she face . ingrid ( v.o. ) dear Erin . music cue : mozart 's '' exsultate , jubilate , k.165 '' int . guest house - day quick shot of ingrid printing out the instagram photo of she and Taylor , cut it out and slide the finish image into a standard - size photo frame . ingrid ( v.o. ) you be probably wonder what I have be up to the last few week . 53 . ext . venice beach - morning ingrid be wear a brand - new halterneck swimsuit , straw hat and sunglass , read norman mailer 's the Deer Park . ingrid ( v.o . ) well , I decide to take you advice and give myself a fresh start in beautiful , sunny Los Angeles . her phone buzy . she lift she sunglass , squinting at it . on the screen - a text from Taylor read : '' Gallery open tonight . wanna come ? '' ingrid reply with a thumb up emoji . ext . art gallery - night through the front window , we see Taylor and ezra introduce ingrid to a bunch of hip L.A. people . ingrid ( v.o . ) L.A. be the best . I find a amazing house right by the beach and I can not believe how nice and cool everyone be . int . cafe gratitude - day ingrid be have brunch with Taylor and a group of she girlfriend . ingrid crack a joke about they waiter and everyone laugh . she smile , feel a little boost . ingrid ( v.o. ) I be make a ton of new friend . int . general store - day Taylor lead ingrid through the store , help she pick out stuff for she apartment . she hand ingrid a ceramic pendant lamp , gush over how amazing it be . ingrid wait until Taylor walk away then peek at the price tag : $ 1,350 . ingrid ( v.o . ) my friend Taylor 's be help I explore my creative side , a part of myself I never know exist . 54 . int . guest house - day the ceramic pendant lamp now hang from the ceiling . the apartment have be transformed into a miniature version of Taylor 's house , with ezra 's '' squad goal '' painting hang prominently on the wall amidst book and hang plant . ingrid hold up she phone , snap a photo of she space . ingrid ( v.o. ) lately , I have be get really into photography . in quick cut we see ingrid add a filter to the photo , post it to instagram , and watch as it start rack up ' like 's . ingrid ( v.o. ) you should follow I on instagram . I have almost a thousand follower and I be add new one every day . ext . pinto 's house - day ingrid walk up to the front porch , leave a envelope label '' ingrid rent '' on the door mat . ingrid ( v.0 . ) I have a boyfriend now too . his name be Dan and he 's a absurdly talented screenwriter . ingrid walk away , glance back over she shoulder . her Pov - Pinto be spying on she from a second - floor window . he quickly disappear behind the curtain . ingrid ( v.o. ) he 's write the new batman movie . how cool be that ? int . guest house - day ingrid unzip the l.l. bean backpack . there be noticeably less cash than before . ingrid frown and quickly zip it back up , try not to think about it . ingrid ( v.o. ) turn out you be right . all it take be some money and I finally have the life I always want . 55 . ext . venice STREET - day ecu : a letter with no return address drop into a mailbox . ingrid ( v.o. ) with love , always ... ingrid . ingrid pedal away on she bike , wear a light - color sundress , a bottle of rosé in she front basket . we hear loud rock music blast from a approach car as -- a red mustang convertible blow through the stop sign just as ingrid be crossing the intersection . she swerve , crash into a row of trash can and flipping over the handlebar . ingrid sit up just in time to see the driver , a dude ina backwards '' make America great again '' hat , speed away . ingrid Fucking asshole ! ext . taylor 's house - later ingrid walk up , flustered , she dress cover in dirt . she pause , notice the red mustang park in the driveway . ext . backyard - taylor 's house - moment later ingrid enter to see Taylor lay out food on a small table surround by floor pillow . ezra be crouch in the corner , flipping through a crate of lps . Taylor look up , concerned . taylor what happen to you ? ingrid some idiot run a stop sign and almost kill I . ( be : mustang ) whose car be that in the driveway ? the screen door slam 0.s. ingrid turn to see the dude in the trump hat ( nicky sloane , 29 ) emerge from the house wear chubby short and a patagonia fleece , drink milk from the carton . ingrid freeze , instantly recognize he . nicky God I love l.a . I just see two homeless chick on the street duking it out bumfight - style . nicky notice ingrid and stare at she , confuse . 56 . nicky ( cont ’d ) who be you ? taylor nicky , this be ingrid . ingrid , this be my brother nicky . he fly in from Paris this morning without tell we . nicky nod at ingrid indifferently . nicky ' sup . ingrid flash nicky a tight - lipped smile . ingrid so nice to meet you . how long be you in town for ? nicky ( shrug ) have not decide yet . I figure at least a few week . ezra ( look up , alarmed ) a few week ? Taylor smile , hugging nicky and lean on he shoulder . taylor best surprise ever . CUT to : brunch be underway . nicky be dominate the conversation , chain -smoke and drink La croix . Taylor be hang on he every word while ezra feign interest . ingrid glare at nicky , eye fill with contempt for this unwelcome intruder . nicky -- so I be in the ritz lobby mind my own business , when I happen to strike up a conversation with this chinese billionaire name bruno . taylor ( to ingrid ) nicky and I take mandarin in college . nicky say something to Taylor in mandarin that make she crack up . ezra and ingrid both watch , feel exclude . 57 . nicky anyway , next thing I know , we be at some random wedding with we shirt off , have a push - up contest . I be win , obviously , when all of a sudden the groom 's dad grab we from behind and jack we up by we throat like he 's darth vader or some shit . so I decide it 's a good idea to take a swing at he -- ezra you be sober during all this ? nicky ( raise he right hand ) scout 's honor . of course the cop show up and everyone scatter . I end up hitching a ride to the airport only to realize I leave my credit card at the hotel . so there I be , strand at De gaulle with my dick in my hand , when who do I see ? nicky pull he eye into two slit . nicky ( cont ’d ) herro , nicky ! ingrid blanch . Taylor 's smile fade a little . ezra look like he 's have enough , stand up . ezra great story , nicky . if anyone need I , I 'il be in my studio . ezra walk into the garage , the door slamm behind he . nicky roll he eye at Taylor , who say nothing . ingrid look between they , uncomfortable . nicky anyway , this little fucker bruno be so grateful to I for show hima good time , he busy I a first class ticket to l.a . I watch twelve hour of family guy and get a hand - job from some fashion chick name harley something or other -- taylor harley chung ?! nicky bingo . that 's the one . 58 . taylor I be obsessed with harley . her stuff be the best . she have , like , over a million follower . nicky we be have dinner tomorrow night at the chateau if you wanna join ? taylor um , obviously ! ingrid lean forward , suck air . ingrid actually , we be suppose to see willy wonka at the Hollywood forever Cemetery tomorrow . I already buy the ticket , so ... Taylor look crestfallen . taylor oh yeah ... that 's right . nicky hey , no worry . you guy should totally go see a forty year old dogshit kid movie at a cemetery instead . that sound way more fun . ingrid blushes , feel embarrassed . taylor do not be a prick , nicky . nicky I be joke ! I be sure you can meet she some other time . Taylor turn to ingrid with a apologetic smile . taylor do you mind if I bail ? nicky and I literally never see each other . but you should absolutely go without I . you can bring Dan ! ingrid ( deflate ) oh , um ... yeah , sure -- 59 . nicky ( to Taylor ) hey , remember that girl from andover who look exactly like gene wilder ? taylor oh my God , yes ! what a weirdo ! Taylor and nicky crack up . ingrid feel leave out . int . guest house - evening ingrid be sit on she couch , sip a corona and scrolling through instagram when she pause . on the screen - we see a photo of Taylor , nicky and harley chung do silly pose inside a candy - theme photo booth . taylor ( v.o. ) wonka vibe with hharleychung at the Hollywood Cemetery tonight . ingrid stare at the photo , feel a torrent of emotion . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - evening a swarm of people be seat on the lawn with chair and picnic blanket , eat and drink . a dj spin music in front of a giant mausoleum that double as a movie screen . ingrid appear , sweaty and out of breath , hold a navajo blanket . she frantically scan the crowd for Taylor . her Pov - Taylor , ezra and nicky be sit in a VIP section fill with pillow , blanket and attractive L.A. people . ingrid hey guy ! they all turn as ingrid approach . Taylor look surprised . taylor ingrid ! what be you do here ? ingrid be hurt but try not to show it . ingrid um ... I invite you , remember ? 60 . taylor oh , right ! turn out harley know the guy who run this and she hook we up with VIP pass . ingrid stand there , expectantly , for a awkward beat . ingrid be it cool if I sit with you guy ? ezra yeah , totally . ( turn ) harley , this be we friend , ingrid . nicky 's date , harley chung , 30 , smile up at she , look like a prettier , more polished version of Taylor . harley chung hey . Nice to meet you . ingrid nod . nicky peer over at she , smile mischievously . nicky what up , ingrid ? where 's you imaginary boyfriend ? Taylor punch nicky 's arm , whisper . taylor stop. ( to ingrid ; explain ) we be just talk about how we still have not meet Dan and nicky make a joke about he be you imaginary boyfriend . it be dumb . ingrid force a laugh , try to be a good sport about it . taylor ( cont 'd ) so ... when can we meet he ? ingrid oh , Dan 's really busy with work stuff right now . he 's a writer -- nicky ( sing ) oompa loompa doopity doo , I lie about my boyfriend to you . harley laugh . ingrid 's smile vanish . 61 . ezra you should bring he this weekend . harley 's house-sitting this rad place in malibu . ( to harley ) I mean , if there 's room , obviously . nicky no no , go ahead , ezra . invite whoever the fuck you want . harley chung ( to ingrid ) it 's totally fine . you guy be more than welcome . ingrid ( cheery ) great . sound fun ! just then , a frat guy stumble by , accidentally spilling beer all over harley 's dress without notice . she gasp . nicky hey ! watch where you be go , jackoff ! the frat guy turn , realize . frat guy oh shit . my bad . nicky you call that a apology ? frat guy sorry . do not see you there . nicky stand , get in the guy 's face . nicky can you see I now ? frat guy dude , relax . it be a accident . nicky shove the guy , cause he to stumble backwards . nicky sorry . do not see you there , dude . Taylor quickly pull nicky away , hold he back . 62 . taylor what the hell be wrong with you ? be you try to get arrest right now ? nicky he start it . a security guard with a clipboard come lumber over . security guard be there a problem here ? harley chung no , no , everything 's fine . security guard can I have everybody 's name please ? harley chung harley chung ? ( add ) I be friend with John . security guard ( scan he list ) okay , you be good . ( to ingrid ) you name , miss ? ingrid ingrid thorburn ? the security guard scan he list , shaking he head . security guard I do not have you on here . ingrid right , well ... I be not technically on the list but this be my friend , so -- security guard sorry , but if you be not on the list you can not be here . ingrid look to Taylor , who flash a conciliatory smile . taylor we will hang this weekend ! I / x11 text you all the info . 63 . ingrid nod , get the message . nicky wave ' bye-bye 's as the security guard escort she out of the VIP area . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - night the screen be underway . ingrid be sit alone on the step of a mausoleum , look miserable . willy wonka ( v.o. ) yes , the danger must be grow , ' cause the rower keep on row , and they be certainly not show any sign that they be slow ! her Pov - Taylor and harley be share a joint while nicky crack joke . they all laugh , have a blast without ingrid . ext . pinto 's house - day Pinto glide up on he two - wheeled scooter , round the corner to find ingrid sit on he doorstep . he pause . ingrid hi Dan . silence . Pinto look past ingrid , avoid eye contact . dan pinto what do you want ? ingrid nothing . just want to say hey . dan pinto ( long beat ) hey . ingrid I bring you something . she produce a box from behind she back and hand it to Pinto . he reluctantly open it , revealing a mint-condition batman forever varsity bomber jacket . Pinto roll he eye . dan pinto Nice try , ingrid . ingrid what ? you do not like it ? 64 . dan pinto of course I like it . that 's why I buy one off ebay two year ago . ingrid check the front pocket . Pinto find a jar of weed in the pocket . he shake he head . dan pinto this be indica . everybody know I only smoke sativa . besides , a replacement eight - ball would have be more appropriate . ingrid look , I be try , okay ? dan pinto you do eight grand worth of damage to my car , ingrid ! try harder ! ingrid Fine ! you be right ! I take advantage of you and I be really sorry ! I just wish we could start over and pretend like none of that stuff ever happen . dan pinto ( curious ) you mean , like a reboot ? ingrid um ... sure . Pinto nod , consider this . he take a quick vape hit . int . the warehouse - night a cheesy tiki restaurant with bamboo and faux - polynesian tchotchke everywhere . Pinto and ingrid be sit ina booth wear match batman forever jacket and share a flaming volcano with two straw . dan pinto I read somewhere that Darren aronofsky be attach to direct batman : Year one . how sick would that have be ? ingrid be clearly bored but try to seem engage . 65 . ingrid oh my God . so sick . Pinto lean back , take in the ambiance . dan pinto this place be fuck tight . ingrid glance around , visibly unimpress . ingrid you come here a lot ? dan pinto I be what you have call a regular . ( call out ) hey , Cindy ! what up , girl ? a waitress ( cindy ) walk by . she pause , confuse . cindy hi. can I help you ? silence . Pinto laugh . dan pinto Cindy , it 's I . Dan Pinto . cindy ( awkward beat ) oh! right. well , um ... let I just finish with this other table and I 'il be right with you , Don . dan pinto Dan . she smile politely and walk off . a long , painful silence . ingrid I be sure she 's just really busy . dan pinto yeah , no , totally . Pinto suck on he straw . more silence . ingrid can I ask you something ? dan pinto go for it . 66 . ingrid why do you like batman so much ? dan pinto gee , I do not know . maybe because he 's the most dynamic bad - ass in the history of entertainment ? ingrid really ? that 's it ? Pinto look down , uncomfortable . dan pinto actually , uh ... both my parent die when I be a kid , so ... I guess I related to he since we be both orphan . ingrid stare at Pinto with newfound sympathy . ingrid oh my God . I be so sorry . I have no idea . dan pinto ( shrug it off ) it 's cool . at the time , I do not really know how to cope so ... I start wear a batman mask to school every day and make the teacher call I Bruce . the other kid make fun of I , but I think it kind of help I to pretend like it happen to someone else . like , even though I be wear a mask , I feel more like myself , you know ? ( beat ) what about you ? ingrid oh , I do not really like batman . dan pinto no , I mean , how do you mom die ? ingrid be catch off -guard by Pinto 's sincerity . ingrid heart attack . ( add ) she drank a lot . 67 . dan pinto be you guy close ? ingrid pause , as if consider this for the first time . ingrid yeah . we be . it feel like I lose my best friend , you know ? ingrid shrug it off , eye welling with tear . Pinto look concerned . he scoot over to ingrid 's side , consol she . ingrid ( cont 'd ) ( sniff ) God , listen to I . you must think I be the worst . dan pinto no way . be you kid ? ( reassure ) I know I might seem like a cold - blooded gangster on the outside , but ... I really like you , ingrid . ingrid stare at Pinto like no one have ever say this to she before . they lock eye for a long moment , then -- int . guest house - night ingrid and Pinto be have sweaty , alcohol - fuel sex . ingrid lie face - down on the bed while Pinto jackhammer she from behind . he pause , catch he breath . dan pinto wait . ingrid look back at he , confuse . ingrid what 's wrong ? dan pinto no , nothing , it 's just ... ( awkward ) would you mind call I Bruce ? ingrid you want I to call you Bruce ? dan pinto like Bruce Way -- 68. ingrid yeah , no , I get it . ( turn back around ) fuck I , Bruce . Pinto resume thrust with renew vigor . dan pinto say '' gotham need you . '' ingrid gotham need you . dan pinto say it like catwoman . ingrid ( sexy voice ) gotham need you . ( then ) meow . dan pinto oh shit I be gonna come -- close on ingrid 's face turn to the side as Pinto finish on she back . she stare longingly at something 0.s. her Pov - the frame instagram photo of she and Taylor in joshua Tree be propped up on she bedside table . CUT to : ingrid and Pinto be lie on they back . Pinto be enjoy a post-coital vape while ingrid stare at the ceiling . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) you be really great , by the way . ingrid thanks . so be you . ( awkward ) hey , so ... some friend of mine be go up to malibu this weekend if you wanna come ? Pinto look conflict . dan pinto man I would love to , but my producer Jeremy 's get marry in martha 's vineyard this weekend . 69 . ingrid ( surprised ) oh. okay . nevermind then . ingrid roll over on she side . Pinto look panicked . dan pinto you know what ? fuck it . I do not feel like schlepping all the way out there anyway . Count I in . ingrid smile . she turn back , cuddle up to Pinto . ingrid you be the best , Dan . Pinto place he arm around she , stroking she skin . dan pinto whaddya say ? you ready for round two ? I can feel the Dark knight rise ... ingrid I be pretty tired actually . dan pinto ( disappointed ) yeah , no , I too . I x11 just run and grab my toothbrush . ingrid actually , um ... be it okay if you do not sleep over tonight ? I have trouble fall asleep when there 's somebody else in bed with I . dan pinto oh. yeah , no worry . ingrid pick up she phone and start scrolling through she instagram . Pinto slip out of bed , get dress . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) excite for this weekend . ingrid ( distract ) yep . Pinto stand there , nodd awkwardly , then quietly head out . he pause at the door , turn back and smile . 70 . dan pinto sweet dream , ingrid . ingrid goodnight . Pinto exit . ingrid sigh , feel relieved . ext . malibu house - day Pinto 's truck pull up outside a beachfront house in malibu . ingrid jump out follow by Pinto , who be now dress exactly like ezra in a feel hat , chambray shirt buttone all the way , white jeans , and a pair of Red wing . ingrid hurry up ! we be already late . dan pinto ( tug he collar ) do I seriously have to keep this buttone up all the way ? ingrid yes . it look better like that . do not be such a baby . dan pinto ( whiny ) I be not . they make they way down a footpath towards the beach . ingrid let 's go over some ground rule . first , I kind of need you to act like you be my boyfriend . dan pinto seriously ? ingrid it 's a long story and I can not really get into it right now but -- dan pinto ingrid , I get it . you do not have to make up some elaborate story to hide you feeling . it 's obvious you be into I . ingrid huh ? 71 . dan pinto relax . I be into you too . of course I will be you boyfriend . ingrid um ... okay , fine , whatever . rule number two . no batman talk . dan pinto I be sorry , what ? ingrid this people do not care about superhero , okay ? they care about stuff that 's actually cool . like food and clothes and Joan didion . dan pinto ( sighing dramatically ) anything else , you majesty ? ingrid yes . whatever you do , stay away from nicky . dan pinto who 's nicky ? nicky ( 0.s. ) yo , thorburn ! they turn to see nicky walk up from the beach , wear he trump hat and neon swim trunk , carry a bunch of firewood . ingrid ( hushed ; to Pinto ) Taylor 's brother . he 's a liar and a drug addict and he 's not to be trust under any circumstance . ( to nicky ) hey ! sorry , bad traffic -- nicky ( be : Pinto ) who 's this fuggin guy ? ingrid nicky , this be Dan Pinto . ( no response ) my '' imaginary '' boyfriend ? ingrid smile . nicky squint at Pinto , try to place he . 72 . nicky wait ... Dan Pinto ? from Chicago ? dan pinto do we know each other ? nicky you be Mark Pinto 's son , be not you ? dan pinto uh ... nicky get the fuck out ! thorburn , why do not you tell I ? ingrid look between Pinto and nicky with a confuse smile . ingrid tell you what ? nicky you boyfriend 's dad run one of the biggest hedge fund in the world . he pull in over three hundred mile last year . dude 's a fuck Viking . ingrid stare at Pinto , who now have a guilty look on he face . he glance awkwardly up at the sky . dan pinto gonna be a scorcher today , huh ? int . bedroom - malibu house - day ingrid and Pinto be in the middle of a heat argument . Pinto be wear nicky 's hat for some reason . ingrid you tell I you parent be dead ! dan pinto I be sorry , okay ? I do not want you think I be just some spoiled rich kid . ingrid what be all that shit about you wear a batman mask to school ? dan pinto that part be true actually . 73 . ingrid you be unbelievable . dan pinto I ? you be the one dress I up like you little twink so you can impress this hipster -- there be a knock . Taylor peek inside , look concerned . taylor hey . be everything okay ? ingrid 's demeanor change completely . she smile . ingrid totally ! we be just talk about how incredible this place be . taylor can I grab you guy a drink ? dan pinto yeah , I have love one . taylor nicky will not stop talk about you by the way . I think somebody might have a little man crush . they look out the window to see nicky building a fire in the backyard and hold a light cigar . he glance up at they . nicky Pinto ! get you ass down here ! I get a cohiba with you name on it ! dan pinto Hell yeah ! one sec ! Taylor smile and exit . Pinto turn back to ingrid . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) why do you tell I to stay away from nicky ? from what I can tell , he seem like a pretty chill guy . ingrid he 's only be nice to you because of you dad ! can not you see that ?! 74 . dan pinto oh , right , because there 's no way he could possibly like I for my personality . be that it ? ingrid sigh , feel bad . ingrid Fine . you can hang out with he if you want . just do not embarrass I . ( be : trump hat ) where do you get that hat ? dan pinto nicky give it to I . ingrid take it off . now . ingrid glare at Pinto . he sigh , take it off . int . malibu house - later ingrid come downstairs to see Taylor and harley make dinner in the kitchen . she pause , eavesdropp . harley nicky tell I you guy have a place in joshua Tree . taylor yes ! have you be ? harley no , but I be die to go . I have be think of do a pop - up out there for we resort collection . taylor okay , can I tell you a secret ? ( beat ) it sound crazy , but I have be think of buy the house next door to we and turn into a boutique hotel where everything in it be for sale . I be call it Desert D 's or . close on ingrid as she overhear this , look hurt . harley chung that 's genius . would you ever consider do a collaboration ? 75 . taylor yes ! we should totally join force . ingrid steel herself and enter the kitchen , smile . ingrid hey ! either of you noble human need a hand ? Taylor and harley turn , exchange a confuse look . taylor '' Noble human '' ...? ingrid yeah , you know . the last line of Deer Park ? you say you be obsessed with it so I figure I should read it . so good ! taylor oh , cool . glad you like it . ( to harley ) hey , why do not you and nicky come out next weekend ? we will take you to pappy 's . they have great live music and the best desert vibe . ingrid feel a stab of jealousy . she be about to speak when nicky and Pinto enter from outside wear swim trunk . nicky who want to go skinny dip ?! nicky pull down he trunk , revealing a mangina . Taylor and harley burst out laugh as nicky prance around the room like Mick Jagger . ingrid look isolate and miserable . ext . beach - malibu house - night dinner have end and everyone be drink around a crackle fire . ingrid take out she phone , punch in she password . feeling eye on she , she look up to see nicky sit next to she , glance over she shoulder . he turn away quickly . ezra I be at some tech start - up the other day and they have this absurd art collection ... which really bugge I , you know ? like , what kind of statement be they try to make ? ( more ) 76 . ezra ( cont 'd ) that they , as a company , have good taste ? that 's bullshit . you can not just acquire taste . it 's something you earn , something you cultivate over year and year -- nicky look at Pinto make a jerk - off motion . Pinto laugh . ezra ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) something to add , nicky ? nicky I just do not think you have be say that if they have one of you painting up on they wall . ezra pause , look flustered . ezra you be miss the point . ( to Taylor ) C ’mon , back I up here , babe . taylor I mean ... I kind of agree with nicky . if someone like what you be do and want to be a part of it , why do it matter what they intention be ? ezra look at Taylor , feel betrayed . he get up and quietly trudge off down the beach . taylor ( cont ’d ) ezra , come back . ezra give she the finger . Taylor look embarrassed . taylor ( cont ’d ) so , Dan . I hear you be a writer ? dan pinto screenwriter , actually . harley what be you work on ? dan pinto I just finish a draft of my new feature , but -- ingrid ( cut he off ) he can not really talk about it yet . nicky fuck that Hollywood bullshit . we be all friend here . give we you elevator pitch . Pinto look at ingrid , not sure what to say . dan pinto well , it 's kind of a re-imagine of a classic superhero story . taylor be it batman ? dan pinto how have you know ? taylor ingrid and I be admire you CD collection on we way to j-tree . nicky I always think the third movie be the most underrate . dan pinto dude , that 's exactly how I feel ! nicky so when can I read this thing ? dan pinto ehh , it 's sort of a work in progress . I be suppose to do a table read a few week ago but one of my actress flake on I . Pinto shoot a point look at ingrid . nicky let 's do that shit right now . you have it on you ? dan pinto no , but I can email you guy a pdf and we can read it off we phone . ingrid tense up . 77 . 78 . ingrid come on , guy . do we really want to be sit here in this amazing house just stare at we phone the whole night ? taylor yeah , I be with ingrid . ingrid smile , relieved . harley shrug . harley I dunno . I have never act before . could be fun . taylor ( backpedal ) I mean , I be down if everyone else be . nicky sorry , thorburn . majority rule . Pinto be psyched . ingrid look at Taylor , feel betrayed . time CUT : a live read of Pinto 's script be underway . Pinto read the action aloud while the other follow along on they phone . dan pinto '' catwoman remove the blade from he back and do a backflip off of the roof . '' Pinto look at ingrid . she read she line aloud : ingrid ( monotone ) '' sorry , Bruce . if you play with cat , you be bound to get scratch . '' Pinto mouth along to this line , satisfied , as he scroll . dan pinto '' batman collapse onto the ground , clutching he wound . through the darkness , we can see blood seeping out from beneath he cape . as the camera crane upward , we see that the pool of blood have form into the shape ... of a bat . '' ( dramatic beat ) fade out . 79 . a long silence . ingrid glance around , try to gauge everyone 's reaction . nicky Holy shit , Pinto . dan pinto that bad , huh ? ingrid I tell he it need more work . nicky no . it 's fuck incredible . dan pinto come on . seriously ? taylor yeah . that be really good . and I do not even like that movie . harley I neither . I feel like I need to catch my breath . I mean ... wow . Pinto blushes . ingrid look completely bewilder . nicky I get one note . you ready for it ? dan pinto bring it on , brother . nicky you gotta lose the batman shit . Pinto 's smile fade . a deafen silence . dan pinto what ? that 's the whole movie . nicky no. fuck no . this be a movie about discover you true identity in a world where everybody wear mask . do not get I wrong , that stuff kill , but I be just gonna go ahead and assume that you do not own the rights to the batman franchise . dan pinto correct . 80 . nicky so just change all the name and you have get a completely original script on you hand . ( shrug ) but hey , what do I know ? you be the artist . I be just a fan . Pinto be scramble to type all of this into he phone . dan pinto no , keep go . this be great . nicky I do not like to talk shop in mix company . what do you say we continue this conversation in private over some fine Cuban cigar ? Excuse we , lady . nicky lead Pinto away . Taylor look around , confuse . taylor have anyone see ezra ? harley he 's be go for a while . taylor shit . I would better go look for he . harley in 1l come with you . ingrid ( stand ) I too . taylor we should split up actually . harley and I x11 look by the beach . ingrid , you check the house . Taylor and harley walk off together , leave ingrid alone . int . malibu house - night ingrid be walk through the house , knock on door and peer inside . ingrid ezra ...? hello ...? 81. all the room be empty . as she head for the stair , she pause , hearing voice come from a nearby bedroom . int . bedroom - malibu house - night ingrid open the door and freeze . nicky and Pinto be hunch over , shirtless , chopping up gorilla finger of coke on Pinto 's batman forever CD case . ingrid what be go on here ?! nicky what 's it look like , thorburn ? keep you voice down . nicky snort a line , rapidly pump he fist . ingrid shoot Pinto a look , grab the bag of coke and hold it up . ingrid be this yours ? dan pinto yeah , I mean ... you guy do so much in joshua Tree , I just assume you be all huge cokehead . ingrid start clean up all the drug paraphernalia . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ingrid get rid of this shit . nicky whoa , whoa , hang on -- ingrid do you know what would happen if you sister find out about this ?! just then , the door open , revealing Taylor and harley . ingrid turn , freeze , still hold the bag of coke . taylor seriously , you guy ? nicky Pinto and I be just talk about the script when ingrid come in and start rack line -- 82 . ingrid what ?! that be not true ! Taylor shake she head , disappointed . taylor whatever , nicky . it 's you life . if you wanna waste it , be my guest . Taylor and harley exit . nicky make a ' eek 's face at Pinto . int . malibu house - night ingrid come downstairs , chase after Taylor . ingrid Taylor , wait ! I can explain ! taylor ( turn around ) what be there to explain ? you know nicky be sober . ingrid it be Dan 's ! I have no idea ! taylor oh , come on , ingrid . I see how much you do that night at pappy 's . I be there , okay ? ingrid nicky 's lie ! I be not do any ! taylor do hard drug a couple time a year be one thing , but every weekend ? not a good look . Taylor walk off . harley console she , flash ingrid a look . ingrid be speechless . ext . beach - malibu house - night ingrid be sit by herself , smoking a cigarette and stare out at the ocean , when she notice ezra perch on a rock , wear a towel and drink wine from the bottle . ingrid ( squinting ) ezra ...? be that you ? 83. he ignore she , take another swig . ingrid walk over . ingrid ( cont 'd ) where have you be ? we have be look for you all night . ezra ( distant ) I go skinny dip . ingrid by yourself ? ezra say nothing . ingrid sit down next to he . ingrid ( cont 'd ) be everything okay ? ezra no . not really . ( long pause ) do you ever wish you could just walk into the ocean and disappear ? ingrid stare at ezra , genuinely confuse . ingrid why would you say that ? you life be perfect . silence . ezra stare off into space . ezra nicky 's right , you know . I be not a artist . I be a fuck charlatan . ingrid hey , come on . do not listen to he . I think you painting be awesome . ezra yeah , well ... that make one of you . so far , you be my only sale . ingrid ( confuse ) I think Taylor say they be really popular . ezra she would say that , would not she ? everything 's '' the best '' with she . you have to try this restaurant . it 's '' the best '' . ( more ) 84 . ezra ( cont 'd ) have you see this clothes ? they be '' the best '' . it 's exhaust after a while . ingrid yeah . I know what you mean . ( confess ) when we be in joshua Tree she tell I this secret and she say not to tell anyone , but then I hear she tell the exact same thing to harley earlier tonight . ezra what secret ? ingrid look at ezra , debate whether to tell he or not . ingrid okay , do not tell she I tell you , but ... she want to buy the house next door to you guy and turn it into some hotel - slash - store thing call ... Desert D 's or. ezra ( incredulous ) Desert D ’or ...? ingrid it 's from she favorite book . the Deer Park . which fuck suck by the way . ezra laugh to himself , shaking he head . ingrid ( cont 'd ) why be you laugh ? ezra the Deer Park be my favorite book . Taylor 's never even read it . ingrid consider this . ezra pause , look wistful . ezra ( cont 'd ) I wish you have know the old Taylor . back when she first move here . she do not know anyone yet . she be this total preppie sorority chick . her favorite band be coldplay , for fuck 's sake . ( faint smile ) ( more ) 85 . ezra ( cont 'd ) it be refresh how earnest she be . kind of like you , actually . ingrid seem unsure of how to take this remark . ezra sigh . ezra ( cont 'd ) I miss how thing use to be . when it be just the two of we . I miss have a day job . I miss waking up and go to the office . I miss be around people ... more silence . ingrid place a hand on ezra 's shoulder . ezra ( cont 'd ) sorry to burden you with all of this , it 's just ... sometimes I feel like I do not have anyone I can talk to about this stuff , you know ? ezra look at ingrid , place a hand on she thigh . ezra ( cont 'd ) you be a good listener . ingrid ( blush ) aw , thanks . so be you . a sweet moment . ezra smile at she , he gaze linger a beat too long . ingrid look down , notice ezra 's hand make its way up she thigh , towards she crotch -- ingrid ( cont 'd ) ezra ... he lean in suddenly , kissing she on the mouth . ingrid pause , stunne , then push he away . ingrid ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ?! ezra freeze , look stunne . ezra I think this be what you want . ingrid what ?! why would you think that ?! ezra I dunno . why else would you have buy one of my shitty painting ? I have see the way you look at I . 86 . ingrid stare at ezra in disbelief then storm off towards the house . ezra chase after she , look scared . ezra ( cont 'd ) ingrid , wait ! you be not gonna tell Taylor about this , be you ? ezra grab ingrid 's arm , plead with she . ezra ( cont 'd ) please do not tell she . I be begging you . she 's all I have get . ezra 's 's face contort into a sad grimace . he hunch over , cry softly . ingrid watch , not sure what to do . ezra ( cont 'd ) oh fuck ... ( sobbing ) please do not tell she . please . in 1l do anything . we hold on ingrid , a idea dawn on she ... int . kitchen - malibu house - morning ingrid come downstairs , rub she eye , to see Taylor make coffee and clean up from the night before . ingrid Morning . taylor hey . ingrid do ezra ever come home last night ? Taylor sigh , wiping she brow . taylor yeah . he and nicky get in this huge fight and ezra tell he he can not live with we anymore . he be act really strange . you do not talk to he , do you ? ingrid nope . taylor the whole coke thing must have set he off I guess . ( more ) 87 . taylor ( cont 'd ) anyway , nicky get piss and make harley drive he back at five in the morning . ingrid oh my God . that 's horrible . ( extend she arm ) come here . Taylor lean in for a hug . ingrid wrap she arm around she . taylor I be sorry I freak out at you last night . I be really stress out and ... I know it be not you fault . ingrid no , I be the one who should be sorry . I have no idea my boyfriend be such a loser . they glance out at the deck , where Pinto be pass out on the ground wrap in a garfield blanket . ingrid ( cont 'd ) so what 's the plan for today ? taylor ezra think he and I could use a romantic night together so he book we a room at the chateau . ingrid ( slightly disappointed ) oh ... okay . taylor maybe we can grab lunch tomorrow ? ingrid 's face brighten immediately . ingrid great ! sound good . ingrid turn away , a tiny smile form on she face . i/e. pinto 's truck ( moving ) - day Pinto and ingrid be drive in hungover silence . ingrid unplug she phone and power it on . she pause , frown . on the screen - the background image be a photo of nicky do the '' eat pussy '' gesture with he finger . 88 . ingrid turn to Pinto , confuse . ingrid do you change the background on my phone ? dan pinto why would I do that ? ingrid try type in she password but it do not work . ingrid I think I have someone 's else 's phone . can you try call I ? Pinto dial ingrid 's number . wait a beat . dan pinto straight to voicemail . ingrid ( suddenly anxious ) we have to go back . dan pinto be you crazy ? we be almost home . ingrid well what the hell be I suppose to do without my phone , Dan ?! dan pinto I do not know . buy a new one ? ingrid get a idea . she pull out Rothko 's missing dog flyer from she purse . ingrid grab Pinto 's phone and dial . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) you be welcome ... ingrid roll she eye , turn away . taylor ( v.o. ) hello ...? ingrid Taylor ?! hey ! it 's ingrid . have you see my phone anywhere ? I think I may have leave it there . taylor ( v.o. ) oh no , we find it . 89 . ingrid you do ? thank God ... taylor ( v.o. ) yeah , nicky have it . he say he grab it this morning by accident . all the blood instantly drain from ingrid 's face . ingrid nicky ...? taylor ( v.o . ) do not worry , I give he you address . he say he have be in touch . ( silence ) hello ...? ext . guest house - day ingrid walk up . there be a note tape to the door that read : '' mélisse , 8 pm . Love , nicky :- ) " int . melisse - evening a fancy french restaurant . ingrid enter to see nicky seat at a table with a array of food , talk to a waiter and consulting a wine list . he look up as she approach . nicky thorburn ! you make it . have a seat . you prefer red or white ? ingrid uh ... I be good , thanks . nicky no , no . I insist . ( to waiter ) what 's you most expensive bottle ? waiter that would be the ' 82 chateau lafite . nicky and how much be that ? waiter Three -thousand nine-hundred , sir . 90 . nicky perfect . the waiter scuttle off . ingrid take a seat across from he , watch as nicky garnish a plate of oyster . nicky ( cont ’d ) I do not know about you but I could really use a drink right about now . ingrid where 's my phone , nicky ? nicky phone ? what phone ? ( quick beat ) oh , you mean this ? he pull out ingrid 's phone from he pocket . nicky ( cont ’d ) funny . my sister have the exact same case . you guy be so similar it 's almost ... creepy . ingrid give it back . ingrid reach for she phone but nicky yank it away . nicky I gotta hand it to you , that be a bold move , convincing ezra to throw I out on my ass like that . ingrid I do not know what you be talk about . nicky come on , thorburn . you might have my sister fool but not I . that 's the thing about Taylor . she only want to see the best in people . I ? I be the exact opposite . I know you be bad news from the moment I see you . and now I have proof . ingrid watch as nicky punch in she password . 91 . nicky ( cont ’d ) it 's amazing how much you can learn about someone just by look through they phone . ( swiping through ) here 's a picture of you with my sister 's dog . here 's the inside of she medicine cabinet . here 's one of she sleep . there 's a lot of that . but my personal favorite be the note . this really kill I . ( read ) '' Taylor 's favorite brunch spot '' '' Taylor 's favorite book '' '' Taylor 's favorite music '' ... this one 's just call '' taylor '' and be basically a list of everything she own -- ingrid look , I be not a bad person , okay ? I just want to be she friend . can I please have my phone back ? nicky wince , suck air . nicky can not do it , ingrid . this be just too good a opportunity to pass up . you be fuck here no matter what . so here 's the deal . I be not gonna give you you phone back , but ... I would consider rent it to you . for a nominal fee , of course . ingrid ( sigh ) how much do you want ? nicky you pay I , let 's say ... five grand once a week and I promise not to tell my sister and everyone else in L.A. what a fuck loser you be . ingrid once a week ? for how long ? nicky what do you mean ? for however long you want you friendship with my sister to continue . ingrid I do not have that kind of money . 92 . nicky sure you do . disco Dan tell I all about you dead mom and you backpack full of cash . make sense . how else could someone with no job afford to drop everything and move to l.a . ingrid swallow , panic . ingrid I can pay you the five grand but that 's it . nicky this be not a negotiation , ingrid . ingrid stare at nicky , shaking she head in disbelief . ingrid Fine . now can I have my phone back , please ? nicky smile . he slide she phone across the table . nicky I be stay at the jolly Roger down by the marina . room 237 . the waiter appear , present the bottle of expensive wine . waiter here you be , sir . this be the chateau lafite 1982 -- nicky thanks , boss . I get this . the waiter leave the bottle on the table and exit . nicky pour a glass and hold it up to he nose , inhale deeply . nicky ( cont ’d ) cheer . nicky downs the entire glass . he grab the bottle of wine and stand , motion to all of the half - eat food . nicky ( cont ’d ) this one 's on you by the way . nicky exit , whistling to himself . we hold on ingrid , eye burn with hatred ... 93 . ext . venice STREET - night ingrid ride she bike home , look spun out . she pause at a stoplight and stare up at a billboard . her Pov - a batter woman 's face with the caption , '' if you can see it , you can change it . don ’t turn a blind eye . '' she hear laughter nearby , notice a group of teenage boy smoking weed at a playground across the street . ext . playground - night the boy all look up , whisper as ingrid approach . fat boy can we help you ? ingrid I ‘'1l give one of you two hundred buck to punch I in the face . silence , then ... the boy burst out laugh . fat boy yo , get the fuck outta here ! ingrid pull out two hundred in cash . the boy get quiet . ingrid if you pussy can not handle it I will find someone else . the boy all shake they head , mutter to themselves . ingrid be about to leave when one the boy step forward . tall boy fuck it . I / x11 do it . the other boy start shouting and cover they mouth . other boy oh shit ! Hell yeah ! ingrid ( to tall Boy ) you ready ? tall boy let I see that money first . ingrid hand he two hundred dollar . one of the other boy start filming the whole thing with he cell phone . 94 , ingrid hit I as hard as you can . right in the face . the tall Boy ready himself , have second thought . tall boy you sure about this ? ingrid nod , close she eye . the tall Boy wind up and punch her right in the face ... ingrid double over , clutching she face and moan . the tall Boy feel guilty . he put he arm on ingrid 's back . tall boy ( cont ’d ) you okay ? ingrid nod . she stand , revealing she face . it 's bright red and she have a cut on she nose that be bleed profusely . other boy oh shit ! damn ! you get fuck up ! ingrid get in the tall Boy 's face , egging he on . ingrid that all you get , bitch ? tall boy ( back away ) yo , let 's get the fuck out of here . the boy look disturb , turn and sprinting away . pre -lap : a fist pound urgently on a door . ext . pinto 's house - late night Pinto open he door , rub the sleep out of he eye . dan pinto ingrid ? it 's four in the morning -- his expression fall when he see ingrid , now sport a prominent shiner under she leave eye and cry profusely . int . pinto 's house - night ingrid be on the couch , wrap in a blanket and sip a monster Energy drink while Pinto pace back and forth . 95 . ingrid -- when I get home , I turn on the light and nicky be there wait for I . he seem drunk or on drug or something . I ask he for my phone back but he would not give it to I . he say he want fifty thousand dollar . dan pinto be you fuck serious right now ?! ingrid I tell he I do not have that kind of cash , but he do not believe I . he say you tell he about the money my mom leave I . ( hurt ) be that true ? Pinto be speechless . dan pinto I mean ... I do not know ! we be so fuck up ! I may have mention it at some point -- ingrid Dan ! why would you do that ?! I tell you how dangerous he be ! dan pinto fuck it . I be call the cop . Pinto reach for he phone but ingrid stop he . ingrid no ! he say he have kill I if I tell anyone . please . you do not know what he 's capable of . dan pinto this be bullshit ! we can not let he get away with this ! ( beat ) you want I to go pound he ass ? ingrid no , Dan . believe I , I do not like this any more than you do but if we be go to do something we have to be smart about it . Pinto look at ingrid , intrigue . 96 . dan pinto what have you have in mind ? i/e . pinto 's truck - night ingrid and Pinto be park outside of the jolly roger motel . Pinto be wear a trenchcoat and dress in all black . dan pinto you really think this will work ? there Pov - nicky 's red Ford mustang be park in the lot . ingrid you be ask I this now ? after I just buy a thousand dollar worth of cocaine ? yes , I be sure . dan pinto what if someone see I ? ingrid you 'il be in and out in two minute . just break into he car , plant the drug , and leave . Pinto pull on a batman mask and pick up a crowbar . dan pinto ( deep breath ) rock and roll . ext . jolly roger motel - night Pinto hop out of he car and zig -zag through the parking lot , keep he head low . he pull out a walkie-talkie . dan pinto ( into walkie talkie ) ingrid , do you read I ? over . intercut with -- I /e. pinto 's truck - continuous ingrid speak into she walkie-talkie . ingrid ( annoyed ) yes , Dan . I can hear you . Pinto arrive at nicky 's car . he notice nicky have leave he driver 's side window slightly crack . 97 . dan pinto we get a open window here . I think I can fit my arm inside so we should be good to go . ingrid copy that . great work , dan. dan pinto 10 - 4 . commence radio silence . click . Pinto switch off he radio . ingrid wait , what ? no. keep you radio on . hello ? Dan ...?! ingrid sigh . she put down the walkie-talkie and pick up she phone , dial 9 - 1 - 1 . the emergency operator answer . emergency operator ( v.o. ) 9 - 1 - 1 . what 's you emergency ? ingrid ( frantic ) help ! I be at the jolly Roger Motel in marina Del rey and there 's a man deal drug out of he car ! it 's a red Ford mustang convertible ! emergency operator okay , mar ’am , try and stay calm . what be you name , please ? ingrid oh my god , he have a gun ! hurry ! ingrid hang up the phone and smile . Pinto roll up he sleeve and squeeze he arm through the window , toss the bag of coke onto the driver 's seat . dan pinto ( smile ) Mission accomplish . he try pull he arm back out but it will not budge . the gap be too narrow . he try again . still nothing . ingrid watch as Pinto struggle to free himself . ingrid use the crowbar ! 98 . but Pinto can not hear she . ingrid notice something out she window and she expression fall . she slide down in she seat , peer over the steering wheel to see -- nicky -- walk up with a random college girl , drunk and laugh . ingrid pick up the walkie-talkie , panic . ingrid ( cont 'd ) ( hiss ; into radio ) Dan ! abort ! abort mission ! not know what else to do , ingrid honk the horn . nicky pause , hearing the car horn . he look around , see Pinto with he arm stick in the car window . nicky Holy shit . that 's my car , you son of a bitch ! nicky start sprinting towards he car at full speed . Pinto turn just in time to see nicky run towards he -- dan pinto oh shit ! Pinto smashes the window with the crowbar , freeing he arm , and take off in the opposite direction . ingrid watch , helpless , as nicky sprint towards Pinto at full speed , tackle he onto the pavement . ingrid ( cover she mouth ) oh my God ! close on nicky as he pulverize Pinto with a string of relentless punch . the girl come run over . random college girl stop ! you be gonna kill he ! nicky pause , catch he breath . he look down at Pinto , unresponsive , the mask still cover he face . nicky cock he head to the side , reach down to lift up the mask as -- a cop car come barrel around the corner , screeching to a halt . nicky turn to see two cop jump out , gun draw . 99 . cop # 1 put you hand up ! get on the fucking ground , asshole ! nicky stand , confuse , raise he hand in the air . the cop run over and forcibly throw nicky on the ground , cuffing he from behind . the girl be yell at they to stop . one of the cop come over to Pinto , surveying the damage . close on mask Pinto , mouth bloody , a few tooth miss ... cop # 2 Jesus christ. ( into radio ) send a ambulance , now . the first cop shine he flashlight through nicky 's car window , notice the bag of coke on the driver 's seat . cop # 1 well , well . what do we have here ? ingrid quietly slip out of Pinto 's truck , tip -toe away from the scene unnotice . pre - lap : ekg machine beeping sfx int . hospital room - night Pinto be lie in a hospital bed , unconscious , wear a neck brace , he forehead wrap in bandage and a tube stick out of he mouth . a ekg machine beeps continuously . ingrid be sit next to he bed , watch a commercial on tv for domino cinna stix . her phone ring . it 's Taylor . ingrid ( excited ) hey , girl ! what 's up ? taylor ( v.o. ) ( flatly ) hey . you call I ? ingrid react to she tone . her voice seem cold and distant . ingrid I be ... just check in . have not hear from you in a few day so -- taylor ( v.o. ) now 's not really a good time . 100 . ingrid what 's wrong ? taylor ( v.o. ) nicky 's in jail . ingrid oh my God . have you talk to he ? taylor ( v.o. ) no , not yet . ingrid close she eye , give herself a little fist pump . ingrid Taylor , I be so sorry . do you want to grab a coffee and talk about it ? taylor ( v.o. ) shit , I gotta go . it 's my mom . ingrid okay . feel better -- click . ingrid hang up , feel uncertain . i/e . pinto 's truck - day ingrid be sit in Pinto 's truck , wear the same clothes from the night before , eat a box of domino cinna stix . her Pov - she be park across the street from Taylor 's house . Taylor 's car be go and the curtain be draw . ingrid look at she phone , refresh she instagram feed . on the screen - a recent instagram photo of Taylor 's joshua Tree house with the caption : taylor ( v.o. ) last minute escape to J Tree . joni Mitchell on repeat . hashtag blue . i/e. pinto 's truck ( moving ) - day ingrid be drive at full speed through the desert , blast joni Mitchell 's '' Blue '' through the speaker . i/e. pinto 's truck ( moving ) - later ingrid pull up outside of Taylor 's house in joshua Tree . 101 . her Pov - the driveway be empty . no one 's home . int . joshua tree house - day we be inside the house look out through the slide glass door lead out to the patio . ingrid appear , press she face against the glass and peer inside . she knock twice . ingrid ( muffle ) hello ?! ext . joshua tree house - day ingrid walk up to the airstream and knock on the door . she try the handle and it open . she peek inside . her Pov - the trailer be empty , its content undisturbed . ingrid sigh , frustrated . she check she phone again . on the screen - a recent instagram photo of Taylor at pappy & harriet 's hold a margarita with the caption : taylor ( v.o . ) it 's five o'clock somewhere . umbrella drink emoji . int . pappy & harriet 's - day ingrid be sit by herself at the bar , sip a margarita . her Pov - regular mill about but there 's no sign of Taylor . ingrid type out a text message to Taylor on she phone . ingrid ( v.o . ) hey girl ! saw you instagram . I be actually in joshua Tree with some friend for a yoga retreat . wanna hang later ? Dancing lady emoji. she hit send and downs the rest of she drink . ext . roy 's motel & cafe - day ingrid stand in front of the sign , talk on the phone . 102 . ingrid hey ! it 's ingrid . I be at Roy 's right now . remember when we take that picture ? so fun . ( awkward beat ) anyway ... just wonder if you get my text message . still have not hear from you . hope everything 's okay . talk to you later ! ext . joshua tree house - sunset ingrid be sit in they driveway . her thumb hover over Taylor 's name , debate whether or not to call again . she press the call button . a beat as it ring , then -- ezra ( v.o. ) hello ? ingrid ezra ! hey ! where be you guy ? ezra ( v.o. ) we be at dinner . why ? ingrid oh. well , I see on Taylor 's instagram that you guy be in joshua Tree and I be actually here randomly on a yoga retreat so I think maybe we could -- ezra ( v.o. ) ingrid . we be not in joshua Tree . ingrid you be not ? ezra ( v.o. ) no . we be in L.A. stay at a friend 's house . funny how you just happen to be there right when Taylor post about it . ingrid what do you mean ? ezra ( sigh ) look , I do not know how to say this , but ... Taylor do not want to see you anymore . silence . 103 . ingrid feel a sharp pain in she chest . ingrid ezra , put Taylor on the phone . ezra ( v.o. ) she do not want to talk to you either . ingrid okay , well ... should I call back tomorrow ? ezra ( v.o . ) ingrid . it 's over , okay ? nicky tell we everything . do not call we anymore . ingrid ezra , wait -- ( click ) hello ...? ezra ? the line be dead . we hold on ingrid 's face for a long beat as she try to process what just happen ... CUT to : ingrid be on the phone , pace the driveway . taylor ( v.o. ) hi , you have reach Taylor . leave a message . ( beep ) ingrid hey . it 's ingrid . I just hada weird call with ezra and I feel like we should talk about this . I do not know what nicky say to you but ... he 's lie . the fact be , he 's a drug addict and he can not be trust , so ... ( beat ) call I back . ( quick beat ) it 's ingrid . time CUT : taylor ( v.o. ) hi , you have reach Taylor . leave a message . ( beep ) 104 . ingrid hey ! I again ! still have not hear back . I be start to worry . this be not like you . call I ! time CUT : ingrid be sit in Pinto 's truck , polish off a corona . taylor ( v.o. ) hi , you have reach Taylor . leave a message . ( beep ) ingrid you think you be so cool , huh ? ( Taylor voice ) ooh , look at I . I be Taylor . I take lot of picture and my life be so perfect ... not . turn out , I be a huge bitch who will not admit that my brother 's a criminal and my husband be a sad loser who still use a flip - phone . I save you dog 's life ! the least you could do be pick up you fuck phone ! time CUT : ingrid be lay on the hood of Pinto 's truck . beep . ingrid ( cont 'd ) hey ! sorry about that last message . I be just kid ... gotcha ! I x11 be around for the next hour or so if you wanna talk -- ( beep ) oh , hang on , you be beep in . ( perk up ) hey ! ezra ( v.o. ) listen , you fuck psycho . if you do not stop this shit right fuck now , I be call the fuck cop , you understand ? it 's five in the fuck morning . just leave we the fuck alone ! click . ingrid look stunne . she hit redial . automate voice ( v.o. ) the voice mailbox you be try to reach be full and cannot accept new message . goodbye. 105 . ingrid close she eye , breathe heavily . i/e . pinto 's truck - morning ingrid be asleep in the front seat , she hair matte to she forehead , she lip dry and crack . a mail man walk up and peer through the window . he knock , startling she awake . mail man ( muffle ) you okay , miss ? you should not sleep in you truck . it 's too hot . ingrid squint at the mail man , confuse and dehydrated . ingrid ( a whisper ) I be fine . thanks . she start she car . as ingrid pull away , she notice the empty house next to Taylor and ezra 's place and stop . her Pov - there be a '' for sale '' sign in the front yard with a photo of a long -haire man in a grey suit and bolo tie . int . realtor 's office - day ingrid sit across from the realtor in the photo , garth lafayette , 60 , long hair , grey suit and bolo tie . garth lafayette which property do you say you be interested in ? ingrid 22 flamingo Lane . garth lafayette unfortunately , the couple who life next door already make a offer on that house . I do have a handful of other property in that same price range -- ingrid I do not want another property . I want that one . garth look at she for a beat , puzzle . he chuckle . 106 . garth lafayette well , I be sorry , miss thorburn , but there 's not much I can do . if you would like , I can add you name to a wait list and we will give you a call if anything change -- ingrid place she l.l. bean backpack on the table , unzipping it to reveal the last of she cash . ingrid it 's all the money I have . please . garth lean back in he chair , scratch he chin . ext . 22 flamingo lane - day ecu : the '' for sale '' sign now have a '' sold '' slap across it . ingrid be unload she thing from Pinto 's truck when she hear a screen - door slam . she look up to see Taylor storming across the yard towards she . ingrid wave , beam . ingrid hey ! there you be ! I have be try to reach you all week -- taylor I do not believe this ! I specifically tell you I want this house ! ingrid I buy it for both of we . taylor what be you talk about ? ingrid I figure we could join force . taylor on what ? ingrid um , hello ? Desert D 's or . we little secret , remember ? taylor my brother be in jail right now because of you . I can not believe I actually think we be friend . 107 . ingrid we be friend ! taylor no , we be not ! you be just some stranger who find I on instagram ! ingrid okay , I think we be both feel a little emotional right now . why do not we go to pappy 's , have a margarita and just talk about this ? Taylor turn to leave . ingrid ( cont 'd ) Taylor , wait ! ( beat ) I really do not want to have to be the one to say this but ... ezra cheat on you . Taylor turn around , stunne . taylor what ...? ingrid he try to finger I in malibu . he make I promise not to tell you , but I just do not want to see you get hurt . Taylor back away . she look like she 's about to cry . taylor you be a fuck liar . stay the fuck away from I . Taylor walk off . ingrid call after she . ingrid I will be right here if you need I ! int . 22 flamingo lane - night ingrid sit on the floor , look through she back window with a pair of binocular , eat popcorn from a bag . her Pov - through the back window , we can see Taylor and ezra have a heat argument . ezra storm outside , get into he car and speed off . Taylor collapse on the couch , sobbing . 108 . ext . 22 flamingo lane - morning the door open . ingrid step outside and freeze . her Pov - Pinto 's truck have be key with various curse word and derogatory term for the female anatomy . ingrid turn , look back at the house . a wider angle reveal the word '' eat shit and die '' have also be spray- paint across the entire front of the house in the same font that ezra use in he artwork . music cue : the louvin brother '' satan be real '' int . 22 flamingo lane - day we track through the live room , revealing the place be a grey garden - style mess . the house be fall apart and there be clothes and fast food wrapper strewn around . dirty dish be pile in the sink and swarm with fly . reveal ingrid sit on the toilet , talk on the phone . she have no make - up on , she hair be a mess and she 's wear a designer dress cover in food stain . ingrid I send you a check two week ago . customer service agent ( v.o. ) unfortunately , you account be still show as past due . ingrid look , just give I one more week . customer service agent ( v.o. ) ma’am , this be simply a courtesy call . if you do not pay you bill in the next twenty - four hour we be go to have to shut off you electricity . now , we do offer a payment plan for customer experience financial hardship -- ingrid hang up the phone . ingrid asshole . she reach for the toilet paper but the roll be empty . she sigh , look around for something she can use . 109 . her Pov - her vintage copy of Joan didion 's the White album be sit on the floor . CUT to : ingrid plunge the toilet , angrily . the book lie open on the floor , a handful of page tear out . int . convenience store - day ingrid be at the register . a teenage cashier ring she up . cashier fourteen eighty -six . ingrid empty she pocket , dump a handful of crumpled up bill and coin on the counter . the cashier watch as she sift through . it 's clear that she do not have enough . cashier ( cont 'd ) maybe we can take something off ? ingrid look at she item . a six - pack of corona and a big thing of toilet paper . i/e. pinto 's truck ( moving ) - day ingrid be drive up to she house when she notice a rental car park out front . as she pull into the driveway , she see Erin and keith be stand in front of the house with the word '' eat shit and die '' hang above they . ext . 22 flamingo lane - day ingrid get out of the truck with she grocery bag , confuse . ingrid what be you guy do here ? erin we have not hear from you . we just want to make sure you be okay . ingrid do not you get my letter ? erin yeah , but you have not respond to any of we call or email . 110 . ingrid thing have be pretty crazy . ( quick beat ) how do you find I ? keith you name pop up on a police database after you buy this place . ( be : plastic bag ) what you get there , ingrid ? ingrid just some grocery . close on the plastic bag which contain a six - pack of corona and nothing else . ingrid look uncomfortable . ingrid ( cont 'd ) come on in . I x11 give you the tour . ingrid head inside . keith and Erin exchange a look . int . 22 flamingo lane - day ingrid unpack she '' grocery '' while Erin and keith take a look around , reacting to the squalor . ingrid sorry about the mess . I have be do all the renovation myself . ( pause ) can I get you guy anything ? keith I would love a water . ingrid my water 's on the fritz right now . how ' bout a corona instead ? ingrid pop the top off of three bottle of corona and hand one to Erin and keith , smile . ingrid ( cont 'd ) cheer ! welcome to cali. ( they clink ) so ... how 's Logan ? a uncomfortable silence . ingrid take a long swig . erin ingrid . we be worried about you . 111 . ingrid why would you be worried about I ? erin look at this place . look at how you be live . ingrid you be the one who tell I to start over . keith this be not what we have in mind . erin we think you should come home . ingrid I be home . erin ingrid , this be not healthy . the house be a mess . you be drink beer at eleven a.m. on a Tuesday . it 's like mom all over again . ingrid you know what ? we be do here . so nice of you to drop by . erin you need help , ingrid . ingrid oh , now you want to help I ? erin ( confuse ) what be that suppose to mean ? ingrid you do not seem so eager to help I when mom get sick . Erin look stunne . erin that be not fair . I do everything I could -- ingrid bullshit . you do everything you could for yourself . you be so selfish it make I wanna puke . 112 . erin what do you want I to do ? Mom be a black hole that neither of we be ever go to fill . so you know what ? I move on . ingrid no , you leave I to clean up the mess . you abandon we . erin I do not abandon you ! I do what I need to do for my own sanity ! ingrid oh . now I get it . ( then ) well if I be so crazy , then why you do not you do we all a favor and stay the fuck out of my life ? keith ( to Erin ) let 's go . we be leave . Erin stare at ingrid , eye welling with tear . ingrid you hear I . get the fuck out . keith usher Erin outside , shaking he head at ingrid . we hold on ingrid for a long moment , feel guilty ... ingrid ( cont 'd ) Erin , wait -- she open the front door in time to see Erin and keith pull away . ingrid watch they drive off , look sad . int . 22 flamingo lane - night ingrid be sit in the dark , stare at she phone , she face illuminate by the light of the screen . on the screen - she be posting a old photo of she and she Mom on Halloween . ingrid be dress as dorothy and she mom be on the couch , look frail , dress as the wick witch . ingrid ( v.o. ) happy birthday , mom. hashtag tbt . 113. she be about to hit the ' share 's button when the screen suddenly go blank . the battery icon appear . ingrid no no no no no ... she jam she thumb on the home button repeatedly . ingrid ( cont 'd ) come on . please . ingrid try plugging the phone into the wall but nothing happen . she try one of the light switch . nothing . ingrid collapse onto the floor , moan . the house be eerily quiet . a beat , then -- we hear voice , music and laughter drift across the backyard . ingrid look up , peer through the blind . her Pov - Taylor be have a Halloween party . the light be on and there be people in costume , drink and dance . ext . joshua tree house - backyard - night a costume party be underway . music blast as ingrid enter wear a sheet with eye hole , weaving through the crowd . she find a outdoor outlet and plug in she phone , notice a platter of tiny sandwich on the table next to she . she grab one and lift she sheet , devour it quickly . ingrid stuff a few more into she pocket and be about to head for the bar when she hear a familiar voice . she turn . her Pov - Taylor be stand nearby , dress as cher from clueless and talk to harley who be dress as dionne . ingrid try to quickly walk past they when someone step on she sheet , pull it off she in one fall swoop . she scramble to cover herself when Taylor look over , confuse . taylor ingrid ...? ingrid cover herself with the sheet , pretend not to hear . taylor ( cont ’d ) ingrid , I can see you . we all can . everyone turn , stare at ingrid . ingrid slowly remove the sheet , try to play it cool . 114 . ingrid hey , Taylor . happy Halloween . taylor what be you do here ? you be not invite . ingrid the music be really loud , so ... if you would not mind keep it down , I have a important meeting tomorrow , so ... taylor a meeting for what ? ingrid ( sadly ) what the fuck do you care ? a dude start filming the confrontation with he phone . ezra appear from inside , sport a new short haircut and moustache and dress as bernie from weekend at bernie 's . ezra you want I to call the cop ? taylor it 's fine . ingrid ( be : ezra ) you be still with this guy ? taylor not that it 's any of you business , but we marriage be fine . unlike you , we be work through we issue . ezra I be ninety day sober . taylor ( proudly ) ezra 's a concept designer for Levis . ingrid I know , I see you instagram . congratulation . 115 . taylor go home , ingrid . people like you be not welcome here . ingrid start to leave then pause , turn . ingrid ezra tell I everything , you know . how you use to dress like a sorority girl . how you favorite band be coldplay . how when you move here you do not have any friend . you be just like I . ezra say nothing . Taylor look at ingrid with pity . taylor I be never like you , ingrid . a long , painful silence . everyone stare down at they foot . close on ingrid , fight back tear . she nod , take a deep breath , steeling herself ... ingrid if you could keep the music down I would really appreciate it . ingrid walk back towards she house . she pause , turn around . everyone watch as she walk across the entire party and unplug she phone . ingrid ( cont 'd ) forget my phone . ingrid exit once again . a long beat , then -- everyone resume dance and party as if nothing happen . we track with ingrid as she walk across the desert , the party continue behind she , tear run down she cheek ... int . 22 flamingo lane - night ecu : a cheap tealight candle be light with a match . ingrid be seat on the floor of she now - spotless live room , surround by light candle . she stare at she phone . Pov —- through a iphone camera we be close on ingrid 's face as she press the red record button on a instagram video . she take a deep breath . 116 . ingrid they say that friend be the family you choose , but ... what if the people you choose do not choose you ? ( pause ) I think move to L.A. would be my chance to start over . a chance to live the life I always want -- the video stop at the 15 - second limit . ingrid sigh . she press ' share 's and hit the record button again . ingrid ( cont 'd ) I think if I make my life seem perfect and happy , maybe someone would choose I , but ... it do not matter . I guess the problem be I . the only person who ever choose I be go now , so ... why even bother ? ( pause ) I be so tired -- the video stop recording . ingrid ( cont 'd ) shit ! ingrid press ' share 's and hit the record button again . ingrid ( cont 'd ) I be tired of have to pretend to be something I be not . I guess the reason I be do this be because I want to show people the real I , if only this one time . so ... ( shrug ) here I be . silence . ingrid pick up a bottle of prescription pill and dump it into she mouth , wash it down with a corona and wince . she hit the ' share 's button and set down she phone . ingrid lie back onto the floor , surround by candle , and press play on she laptop . seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' play . she set up the frame instagram photo of she and Taylor and smile at it one last time . she lean she head back and close she eye , drift away , finally at peace ... fade to black : 117 . female voice ( 0.s. ) ingrid ? ( beat ) ingrid ? can you hear I ? int . hospital room - day close on ingrid 's eye . after a beat , they flutter open ... her Pov - a nurse be hover over we , smile warmly . nurse there she be . ingrid look down at she body , realize she be in a hospital bed . she try to sit up but the nurse ease she back down . nurse ( cont ’d ) whoa , whoa . slow down , girl . ingrid ( groggy ) where 's my phone ...? ingrid glance around the room . it be fill with flowers , balloon , card and stuffed animal . ingrid ( cont 'd ) ( be : gift ) what 's this ? nurse apparently you have get a lot of fan out there . as a matter of fact , one of they be here to see you . ingrid stare at the nurse , confuse . ingrid Taylor ...? we hear the sound of a motorize wheelchair come down the hall . dan pinto enter , wear a halo brace . he smile . dan pinto ' sup , ingrid ! ingrid seem disappointed . nurse Dan 's the reason you be still with we . you be a lucky girl . 118 . dan pinto I see you three - part suicide note on instagram and call 9 - 1 - 1 . ingrid stare at he , bewilder . ingrid you still follow I ? Pinto look at she as if he do not understand the question . dan pinto ' course . you be my girl , ingrid . ingrid look touch . her eye well up with tear . nurse I will leave you two alone . she smile at they and exit . dan pinto whaddya think of my new wheel ? Pinto spin around in he wheelchair . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) turn out get my neck break be the best thing that ever happen to I . I have so much time on my hand that I completely retoole my script . and guess what ? ingrid you sell it ? dan pinto not quite . but people be really respond to the material . I have a agent now and I just get staff on a tv show . how sick be that ? ingrid manage a weak smile . ingrid that 's great , Dan . I be really happy for you . Pinto frown , sense something be not right . 119 . dan pinto hey . why so serious ? ( smile ) I know what 's 1ll cheer you up . he reach into he pocket and pull out ingrid 's phone . ingrid 's face light up . she look at the home screen . her notification list be flood with comment from people on instagram . a headline at the top read : '' you have 27,683 new follower . '' ingrid stare at the number in disbelief . dan pinto ( cont 'd ) some chick from the Huffington Post get hold of you suicide vid and re-post the shit out of ‘em . you face be all over the internet . you have even get you own hashtag . ( beat ) hashtag ... I be ingrid . ingrid open up she instagram . as she scroll through all the comment , we hear each one be read aloud : college girl ( v.o. ) we love you , ingrid !!! college bro ( v.o. ) stay strong , ingrid . flex emoji . argentinian woman ( v.o. ) hello , ingrid . I be from Argentina . I see you video . I think you be beautiful inside and outside . teenage girl ( v.o. ) I feel like we should be best friend . please follow I ? the voice start to blend together , word of encouragement and praise coming faster and faster ... close on ingrid as she feel this outpour of love from so many complete stranger . her heart swell . her breath shorten . her face scrunches up as tear roll down she cheek . a smile spread across ingrid 's face as we -- CUT to black .