inherent vice screenplay by Paul Thomas Anderson base on the novel by Thomas pynchon this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . final shoot script August 7 , 2013 warner bros . picture inc . '' 2013 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved over black a sweet , young woman 's voice narrate . sortilege ( v.o. ) she come along the alley and up the back stair the way she always use to . Doc have not see she for over a year . nobody have . back then it be always sandal , bottom half of a flower print bikini , fade country Joe & the Fish T - shirt . tonight , she be all in flatland gear , hair a lot short than he remember , look just like she swore she have never look ... fade in : int . doc 's apartment ( gordita beach ) - dusk ( 1970 ) doc sportello sit half awake on he couch . he look up , notice someone stand at he door : shasta fay hepworth ( 20 ) . doc be that you , shasta ? shasta think you be hallucinate ...? doc no ... just the new package , I guess ... shasta ... I need you help , Doc . doc come in . ( ... you know I have a office now and everything ? just like a day job . ) she walk in , Doc get a slow rise boner in he pants ... casually try to cover it up . shasta I look in the phone book and almost go over there , but then I think better for everyone if this look like a secret rendezvous . doc somebody keep a close eye ? shasta «+ . I just spend a hour on surface street try to make it look good . doc how about a beer ? Doc move to the fridge , shasta look around , they sit down at the kitchen table : shasta so there 's this guy ... doc gentlemen of the straightworld persuasion ? shasta okay , Doc . he 's marry . doc and the wife -- she know about you ? shasta but she 's see somebody , too . only it 's not just the usual -- I think they be work on some creepy little scheme . doc to make off with the hubby 's fortune ? I think I have hear this one once or twice ... shasta they want I in on it ... they think I be the one who can reach he when he 's vulnerable , or as much as he ever get . doc bare -ass and asleep ? shasta I know you have understand . doc be you still try to figure out if it 's right or wrong ? shasta worse than that . how much loyalty I owe he . beat ... doc I hope you be not ask I . Beyond the usual boilerplate , people owe anybody they be fuck steady ...? shasta dear Abby say the same thing . doc emotion aside , let 's look at the money . how much of the rent 's he be pick up ? shasta all of it . doc pretty hefty ? shasta for hancock Park . doc you be give he i0 we for everything , of course ... shasta you fucker , if I have know you be still this bitter I would not have come -- doc I ? I be just try to be professional . how much be the wifey and boyfriend offer to cut you in for ...? doc so , this ... this be not just a couple of X -rate Polaroid , then . dope plant in the glove compartment , nothin’ like that . shasta it be not what you be think , Doc . doc do not worry , think come later , what else ? shasta I be not sure , but it sound like they want to commit he to some kind of loony bin . doc you mean legally ? or a snatch of some kind ? shasta nobody 's tell I , Doc , I be just the bait ... closeup - shasta 's face look at doc. another angle he look at she . can not read she face . doc be you still take that act class ? shasta thing be : I hear you be see somebody downtown . doc oh , you mean penny . see ? well . Nice flatland chick out in search of hippie love thrill , basically . shasta also some kind of junior d.a .? doc you think somebody there could stop this before it happen ? shasta there 's not too many place I could go with this , Doc . doc okay , I 'il talk to penny , see what we can see . so you happy couple . do they have a name ? shasta it 's mickey wolfmann . doc mickey wolfmann who 's always in the paper ? the real estate big shot ? shasta you can not tell anybody about this , doc. doc I will not . deaf and dumb . that 's part of my job . you have any phone number you wanna share ? she get a pencil , write a number down , he watch she ... shasta try to never use it . doc how do I reach you ? shasta you do not . I move out of my old place . stay where I can anymore ... doc you could stay here ... CUT to : ext . doc 's - STREET - evening he walk she down to she car , ' 59 cadillac EL dorado biaritzz -- shasta do not come any further , somebody might be watch by now . doc well , call I or something ... shasta you never do let I down , doc. doc do not worry , I will ... shasta no , I mean really ever . doc oh , sure I do . shasta no ... you be always true ... she back away , get in the cadillac and drive off into the night . music start . he watch she go ... hold with doc . denis ( rhyme with penis ) walk up , say hi , they walk up towards town , away from the beach ... doc hey , Denis , you hungry ? denis like godzilla sez to mothra , man , ' let 's go eat someplace . 's sortilege ( v.o. ) when Doc come in that night , it be not just the usual hungry - doper thing -- it be something else -- and with Neptune move at last out of the Scorpio death - trip and rise into the sagitarrian light of the higher mind -- it be bound to be something love- related and I think I know what it be ... CUT to : int . pipeline pizza - night doc and denis and a bunch of local , eat pizza . sitting here be some surfer , a friend name ensenada slim and a lovely young girl , we narrator : sortilege ( 20 ) ; she speak in the flesh ... sortilege be that shasta 's car I see down the drive ? doc she stick she head in for a couple minute ... sortilege be you break up ? doc kind of weird see she again . figure next time I do it have be on the tube not in person ... sortilege look at doc with sweetness , then at he hair : sortilege better do something about that . doc again ? sortilege I can not say it enough -- change you hair , change you life . doc what do you recommend ? sortilege that 's up to you . follow you intuition . ( etc . -- pizza talk here . ) CUT to : int . doc 's apartment he sit on he couch . the music plays . he 's on the phone , it 's ringing to no answer . his hair be roll into plantation - style knot . he 's roll a joint . sortilege ( v.o. ) there be a ancient superstition at the beach , something like the surfer belief that burn you board will bring awesome wave , and it go like this : take a Zig - Zag paper and write you dearest wish , and then use it to roll a joint of the best dope you can find and smoke it all up , and you wish would be grant . Doc 's wish be simple ... ( just that shasta fay be safe ... ) he write on the roll papers a small note in pencil : '' to shasta 's Safety . with Love , Doc . '' smoke it and call he aunt reet ( 5as ) who life down the street -- intercut with : int . aunt reet 's house she 's apply ten ton of various makeup , spraying some on , apply with ten gallon brushes and dip she face into other paint . aunt reet make it quick , Larry , I have get a live one tonight and a quarter ton of makeup to put on yet -- doc okay . mickey wolfmann , what can you tell I ? aunt reet powerhouse in L.A. real estate from the desert to the sea -- technically jewish but want to be a Nazi -- what 's he to you ? doc shasta ... she come around ... tell I about a possible plot to snatch up wolfmann by he wife and she boyfriend . aunt reet and what be shasta 's role in all this ? doc like how passionately do she feel about she flame mickey ? I do not ask . ' I love he 's be probably the answer , what else ? aunt reet be she pay you ? doc mmm ... aunt reet pause . silence . Big surprise . listen , if shasta can not pay you , maybe that mean mickey dumped she and she 's blame the wife and want revenge . doc possible . but say I just want to hang out and rap with this wolfmann ? aunt reet I would not recommend you usual approach , he go around with a dozen biker , mostly Aryan Brotherhood alumnus -- all court certified bad -ass . doc wait , wait , wait , I flunk social study : Jews and Aryan Brotherhood . be not there something about hatred ? aunt reet mickey 's eccentric . more and more lately . I would say stone out of he fuckin’ mind , since he discover drug , no offense to you , Doc . doc so where would I find he accidentally ? aunt reet I promise my little sister that I would never put she baby in the way of danger . 5 a doc I be cool with the Brotherhood , aunt reet , I know they secret handshake and everything . aunt reet it 's you ass -- try the Channel View estate , he latest insult to the environment . doc Channel View estate . the one bigfoot bjornsen do the commercial for ? aunt reet that 's the one . maybe you old cop buddy 's the one who should be take care of you case . doc I do think of go to bigfoot but just as I reach for the phone , history and all , I think , ' naaahhhhh . 's aunt reet maybe you be better off with the Nazis . call you mother once in a while so she know you be alive ... Doc get up and walk to the tv , switch the channel , find : insert - on television 5 a the commercial for '' Channel View estate '' come on after a bad horror movie : it have lo. bigfoot bjornsen dress as a '' hippie . '' he 's wear a ankle - length velvet cape in paisley , love bead , shade with peace symbol and a afro wig . he 's like Cal worthington , except for live animal , he have a pack of scream kide that do cannonballs in the pool of a model home that bigfoot 's show off and list detail and financing option , etc ... bigfoot turn to the camera : bigfoot ( v.o. ) that 1 i 'o kid , wow , they be really something , huh ! back to scene Doc look confuse . bigfoot , on screen seem to be look straight at doc ... and doc look back ... hold there look at each other . 10 . doc so what 's all this now ... Fucking bigfoot . well , would not you know . why do the lapd need sag card ? aunt reet I have major liquid liner issue to deal with here , Larry -- I be get off now -- she hang up . doc do not notice and keep talk . CUT to : ext . lsd investigation - doc' office - day Doc come into the office , greet petunia ... petunia Morning , doc. what 's on you head ? doc howdy , petunia . still marry to what 's he name ? petunia oh , Doc . you have get somebody wait for you ... CUT to : int . doc be office - that moment a large , impose black man : tariq khalil ( 30 , Black panther style ) be wait for he : tariq Doctor sportello ? doc that 's right ... tariq tariq kahlil . Doc collect himself , note pad , etc ... doc okay -- so how can I help you ? tariq there 's this white guy I be in the joint with . Aryan Brotherhood . we do some business , now we be both out . and he still owe I . ( more ) 11 . tariq ( cont 'd ) it 's a lot of money . I can not give you detail . I swore a oath I would not tell . doc how about just he name ? tariq Glen charlock . doc you know where he 's stay now ? tariq only who he work for . he 's a bodyguard for a builder name wolfmann . moment . Doc write : paranoia alert . doc if you do not mind my ask , Mr. kahlil , how do you hear about I ? tariq sledge poteet . doc wow . blast from the past . tariq Said you help he out of a situation back in ' 67 . doc first time I ever get shot at . you guy know each other from the place ? tariq that 's right -- they be teachin ' we both how to cook . doc I remember he when he could not boil water . so if you do not mind a obvious question : you know where this Glen charlock work now , why not just go over there , look he up directly ? tariq because wolfmann be surround day and night with the Aryan Brotherhood Army and outside of Glen , I have never enjoy the company of Nazis . 12 . doc so send some white guy in to get he head hammer . tariq more or less . doc when you be inside , be you in a gang ? tariq Black guerrilla family . doc and you say you do business with the who now , the Aryan Brotherhood ? can you explain that to I ... tariq we find we share many of the same opinion about the U.S. government . doc alright , that racial harmony . I can dig it . there something else ? tariq my old street gang . artesia crip . when I get out of chino I go look for some of they and find it be not just they go , but the whole turf itself . doc what do you mean ' go 's ? tariq not there . grind up in little piece . seagull all pickin ' at it . figure I must be trippin' , drive around for a while , come back , everything 's still go . doc uh-huh . tariq nobody and nothing . a ghost town except for this big sign , ' come soon on this Site . 's guess who the builder be ...? doc wolfmann again . 13. tariq that 's it . doc can you show I on the map ? they look at map . beat . doc so you be , like , what again , japanese ? tariq how long you be doin ' this ? doc look closer to gardena than compton be all I be sayin' . tariq ww two . before the war , a lot of South Central be still a japanese neighborhood . that people get send to camp , we come on in to be the new jap . doc and now it 's you turn to get move along . tariq more white man 's revenge . freeway up by the airport be not enough . doc revenge for ...? tariq watt . doc the riot ? tariq some of we say , ' insurrection . 's the man , he just wait for he moment ... doc if I can get ahold of you prison buddy , this Glen charlock , will he honor he debt to you ? tariq I can not tell you what it be . I swore a oath ... 14 . doc no need . tariq and I can not give you nothin ' up front . doc groovy with that . tariq sledge be right : you be one crazy white motherfucker . doc how can you tell ? tariq I count . doc lemme look around -- I will see what I see . alright ? CUT to : a8 int . doc be car a8 drive to channel view estate . sortilege ( v.o. ) Long , sad history of L.A. land use -- mexican family bounce out of Chavez ravine to build dodger Stadium , american Indians sweep out of bunker Hill for the Music Center and now tariq 's neighborhood bulldoze aside for Channel View estate ... CUT to : 8 ext . channel view estate - day 8 doc drive down the street , past a bunch of black pedestrian walk around , look for they home ... it 's like drive through lose cattle -- doc pull he dodge dart into this under construction development . street aren't pave , but there be STREET sign , various supposed to be SMALL spanish type home be built ... it 's quiet . there 's a makeshift mini mall erect for the construction crew . there 's a Beer bar , liquor store , sandwich place and a massage parlor call chick planet with a row of harley precision park in a row out front . 15 . Doc park and muster some courage , pass over the harley -- bathes himself in a white glow -- and enter the massage parlor ... int . chick planet massage parlor - day Doc step in ... it 's quiet and very dark . a sexy young asian girl in a bikini : jade ( 20 ) . jade hi , I be jade ? please take note of today 's pussy eater 's special which be good all day till close time ? doc mmmm ... how much be it ? jade $ 14.95 . doc errr , not that $ 14.95 be not a totally groovy price , but I be really try to locate this guy who work for Mr. wolfmann ? jade do he eat pussy ? doc fella name Glen charlock ? jade oh , sure . Glen come in here . he eat pussy . you get a cigarette for I ? he tap she out a smoke . jade ohhhh . lock up style . not much eat pussy in there , huh ? doc Glen and I be both in chino around the same time ... have you see he today ? jade if you be a cop , you be entitle to a free preview of we pussy eater 's special . doc how about a license p.i .? jade hey , bambi ? 10 11 16 . bambi come out , wear day - glo bikini . jade reach into bambi 's bikini bottom and before you know it -- they disappear below the reception desk . Doc watch ... ina flash reflect behind he we see a bald head , swastika tattoo and then something come down on doc' head -- and he's out . CUT to black . over black we hear the sound of the motorcycle firing up and tearing off ... angle - later 10 Doc come to ... lump on he head ... he step outside , open the door , camera follows he out to reveal : CUT to : ext . channel view estate - day 11 lapd , detective and coroner be on site at what be now a crime scene . a line of police car AIM at doc lead by detective lt . christian f. " bigfoot " bjornsen , eat a chocolate - cover freeze banana and holler through a bullhorn ... Doc step out , gun aim at he ... a dead body on the ground between he and the lapd ... bigfoot congratulation , hippie scum . and welcome to a world of inconvenience ... yes , this time it appear you have finally manage to stumble into something too real and deep to hallucinate you worthless hippie ass of -- without wishing to seem impatient -- anytime you would like to join we , we would so like to chat ... doc bigfoot , what happen ...! I remember massage parlor -- asian chick name jade and anglo friend bambi -- bigfoot wishful figment of a brain pickle in cannabis fume , no doubt . doc whatever it be , I do not do it . 17 . bigfoot sure . 12 angle - later 12 Doc be in cuff , sit on the ground . there's a corpse cover on a gurney that be take past . it be a bloody mess , body part be fall out onto the ground -- Doc be get sick at the sight of it . bigfoot I can almost pity you civilian distress . though if you be more of a man and less of a ball - less hippie draft dodger , who know , you might have see enough over in the ' nam to share even my own sense of professional ennui at the sight of one more stiff . doc who be it ? bigfoot be , sportello . here on Earth we say , ' be . 's meet Glen charlock . whom you be ask for by name only hour ago , witness will swear to that . furthermore , on the face of it , you have choose to ice a personal bodyguard of the rather well - connect mickey wolfmann . name ring bell ? or in you case shake tambourine ? ah , but here 's we ride -- a police cruiser come to a sliding stop next to doc and bigfoot . doc where 's my ride ? bigfoot like it 's owner , on its way to impoundment . CUT to : 13 int . parker CENTER - day 13 Doc in custody sit across from bigfoot . bigfoot so when you and Glen have you fatal encounter , when would you say that be in the series of event ? 18. doc I tell you the first time I ever see he , he be dead . bigfoot his associate , then . how many of they be you already acquainted with ? doc not normally guy I would hang out with , bigfoot , totally wrong drug profile . bigfoot pothead , you be so exclusive . would you say you take offense at Glen 's preference for barbiturate and amphetamine ? doc yes . I be plan to report he to the dope fiend standards and ethic Committee next week ... bigfoot now you ex- girlfriend shasta fay hepworth be a know intimate of Glen 's employer , mickey wolfmann . do you think Glen and shasta be -- bigfoot slide he finger around , make a " fuck " sign . bigfoot how do it make you feel ? here you be still carry the torch and there she be in the company of all that Nazi lowlife ? doc keep do that , bigfoot , you be givin ' I a hard - on ... bigfoot tough little wop monkey as my man fatso judson always sez . doc case you forget , Lieutenant , you and I be almost in the same business , except I do not get that free pass to shoot people all the time and so forth . but if I be in you seat , I guess I would be act the same way , maybe start in next with remark about my mother . ( more ) 19 . doc ( cont 'd ) or I guess you mother , because you would be I ... have I get that right ? bigfoot pretend to read note : bigfoot while suspect -- that 's you -- be have alleged midday nap , so necessary to the hippie lifestyle , some sort of incident occur in the vicinity of Channel View estate . firearm be discharge . when the dust settles , we find one Glen charlock decease . more compellingly for lapd , the man charlock be suppose to be guard , Michael Z. wolfmann , have vanish , give local law enforcement less than 24 hour before the fed call it a kidnap and come in to fuck everything up . perhaps , sportello , you could help forestall this by provide the name of the other member of you cult ? doc cult . bigfoot no one would ever be stupid enough to attempt this alone , which suggest some kind of mansanoid conspiracy , would not you agree ? I have be refer to more than once by the L.A. Times as a Renaissance detective , which mean that I be many thing -- and one thing I be not be stupid -- and purely out of noblesse oblige I extend this assumotion to cover you as well ... enter doc' lawyer , sauncho smilax ( 30 ) . sauncho Lieutenant ! you know that you do not have any case here , so if you be go to charge he , you better , otherwise -- doc sauncho , remember who this be you be talk to , it 's bigfoot bjornsen , renaissance cop . sauncho charge he or let he go , you have no case ... 20 . doc bigfoot , do not mind he , he watch too many courtroom drama . beat . they all look at each other ... sauncho what 's the beef here exactly ? bigfoot it do not have much to do with you speciality , which I understand be marine law . sauncho there 's plenty of crime on the high seas . bigfoot so far we have murder and kidnap , we can work in pirate if that would make you more comfortable -- either way it 's high profile . sauncho yes , but give you history with my client -- you know this be harassment , there 's no case , this will never make it to trial . bigfoot we probably could take this all the way to trial -- but with we luck the jury pool will be 99 percent hippie -- sauncho sure , unless you get the venue change to maybe , like , Orange County -- not as many hippie down there -- doc sauncho , who be you work for ? sauncho client pay for work . bigfoot I have decide I be go to kick Mr. sportello . sauncho you be gonna kick he ? that 's assault ! doc ( I think it 's police slang sauncho . it mean cut I loose . ) 21 . bigfoot I will release the suspect at the impound garage ... sauncho «+. promise ? bigfoot promise . and I will even give hima ride myself . sauncho alright , I be glad we get this work out then -- remember , Doc : this be like 15 billable minute . CUT to : 14 int . bigfoot EL camino ( moving ) 14 driving in silence . bigfoot suddenly make a sharp U - turn -- doc where we go ? bigfoot to a nice , secluded spot that have ' shot while try to escape 's write all over it . CUT to : 15 int . hill above valley - day 15 bigfoot walk Doc deep into the mountainside . finally sit he down , stand over he ... bigfoot be you aware of the dictum that dope will get you through time of no money better than vice versa ... you would be surprised how many in you own hippie freak community have find we special employee disbursement useful . doc .-. what do you mean ? you mean like ' mod squad 's ? Rat on everybody I ever meet ? bigfoot right now there 's fistful of greenback flow at anything that even look like local law enforcement . ( more ) 16 22. bigfoot ( cont 'd ) Federal funding as far as the eye can see ... or we could certainly offer you compensation in a more inhalable form ... acapulco gold . Panama red. michoacan icepack . we downtown evidence room get fill up long ago , doc. numberless kilo of righteous weed just for you . just for trivial information we already have anyway . and what you do not smoke , improbable as that seem , you could always sell . doc be you marry , bigfoot ? bigfoot sorry , you be not my type . what do this look like ? or do not they have they on planet hippie ? doc you have kid ? bigfoot I hope this be not some kind of veile doper threat . doc it 's just strange that here we both be with this mysterious power to ruin each other 's day and we do not even know anything about each other . bigfoot aimless doper 's drivel and yet you have just define the very essence of law enforcement . so how about my offer ? doc your be the last wallet I would want money out of , bigfoot ... CUT to : int . doc be place - later 16 Doc 's be release . he 's watch bigfoot on tv from the newscast at channel view estate . doc half watch , smoke the end of a joint and roll the phone ring : doc hello ? 23. tariq ( v.o. ) I do not do it . doc nobody say you do ... who be this ? tariq ( v.o . ) if Glen be a target , then I be , too . better not be in contact , man . this be not some bunch of fool like the lapd . and if you do not mind a piece of free advice - - forget it all . dial tone ... closeup - joint it 's do . he 's smoke it all . he lie on the couch . another angle the phone ring again : it 's bigfoot . doc hello ? bigfoot ( v.o. ) so we send some Police Academy hotshot over to the last know address of shasta fay hepworth , just a routine visit and guess what ? doc fuck , no , not this . bigfoot ( v.o. ) relax -- do not be so sensitive -- all we know at this point be that she 's disappear now , too , just like she boyfriend mickey ... do you think there could be a connection ? maybe they run off together ? doc bigfoot , can we at least try and be professional about all this from now on . bigfoot ( v.o. ) I be be professional . there 's certain thing I can not tell you because you be not on payroll . ( more ) al7 17 24 . bigfoot ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if anything occur to you about where they go -- do not forget to share that with I , will you ? doc what 's the last address you have ? bigfoot have already hang up . the phone ring again . doc ( into phone ) hello ? hope harlingen ( v.o. ) Mr. sportello ? doc yes ? hope harlingen ( v.o. ) I get you number at the head shop in gordita Beach . it 's about my husband . he use to be a close friend of you friend -- shasta fay hepworth ? doc and you be ? hope harlingen ( v.o. ) hope harlingen . doc okay . and he 's ...? hope harlingen ( v.o . ) dead. CUT to : int . doc be car al7 driving to hope 's house . clean of sortilege . ext . torrance - SMALL house 17 Inside this nice , little house , doc sit at the breakfast table with a sweet face young woman : hope harlingen ( 20 ) . ( note : still need a ref. to she false tooth / calcium / heroin . ) 25 . hope harlingen Inside the surf - sax category coy pass for a tower figure , because he actually improvise once in a while instead of how second and third chorus get repeat note for note ? doc you be right . I love surf music -- but some of the worst blue work ever record will be show up on karmic rap sheet of surf - sax player . hope harlingen it be never he work I be in love with . coy and I should have meet cute but actually we meet squalid , down at oscar 's in San ysidro -- doc oh , boy . hope harlingen I have just go run into a toilet stall without check first , have my finger already down my throat , to throw up the balloon of dope I would just score in Mexico and there coy sit , gringo digestion , about to take a giant shit . we both let go about the same time , barf and shit all over the place , I with my face in he lap and to complicate thing , he have this hard - on ... next thing we know here come amethyst , and pretty soon this be what we have she look like ... she hand he some old polaroid picture . doc aaahhhahah ! ! hope harlingen everybody we know helpfully point out how heroin be come through in my breast milk , but who could afford to buy formula ? it 's a long way from my job now . I 'ma drug counselor -- talk kid into sensible drug use ... Doc look very confuse for a moment . ( what 's that ? ) doc cannot help but stare at hope' teeth and make funny mouth movement watching her speak ... 26 . hope harlingen you be stare at my tooth ? doc huh ? no ? ( sensible drug use ) yes . hope harlingen heroin suck the calcium out of you system like a vampire , use it at any length of time and you tooth go all to hell . and that 's the good part . doc so ... this thing that happen to you husband ? hope harlingen whatever he take that kill he , be not California smack , for sure . doc who be the dealer ? hope harlingen El drano in Venice . doc be coy a steady customer ? hope harlingen known he for year -- what do a dealer care ? overdose be good for business -- doc sudden herd of junky show up at the door think it must be some really good shit ? something like that ? hope harlingen you get it . Mr. sportello , I do not think coy be really dead . doc do you i.d. the body ? hope harlingen no . whoever call I say somebody from he band do that . doc it 's suppose to be next of kin . hope harlingen and this ... this deposit show up close to he disappearance . 27 . she bring out a bank statement book and show it to he , point to a credit . Doc raise he eyebrow at the amount . doc interesting sum . hope harlingen he have no insurance policy that I know about ... why would this big deposit suddenly appear in we account and be anonymous ? doc be there a picture of coy you could spare ? she hand he a BOX full of polaroid . Doc look inside . we see : coy harlingen . coy with the baby , coy cooking heroin , coy tie off , coy shoot up , coy and hope out at the beach , sit in a pizza joint play tug-of - war with the last slice , stick he dick in he saxophone . sortilege ( v.o. ) this be perilous time , astrologically speak , for doper -- especially that of high school age , who would be bear most of they , under a ninety - degree aspect , the unluckiest angle possible , between Neptune , the doper 's planet , and Uranus , the planet of rude surprise . Doc have know it to happen that that leave behind would refuse to believe that people they love or even take the same class with be really dead . they come up with all kind of alternate storey so it would not have to be true . doc okay if I take this one ? hope harlingen sure . 18 at the door - moment later 18 Doc 's on he way out . just one more thing ... doc how do you husband know shasta fay ? 19 a20 20 28. hope harlingen she pick we up hitchhike ... I think coy and she somehow stay in touch ... but I do not know for sure ... CUT to : int . doc' office - day 19 get outfit . make call to sloane wolfmann scene . for poss . over v.o. petunia here . CUT to : int . doc be car a20 drive to sloane wolfmann be . Doc in he disguise ... sortilege ( v.o. ) shasta have mention a possible laugh academy angle to mickey wolfmann 's matrimonial drama and Doc think it might be interesting to see how society page superstar Mrs. sloane wolfmann would react when somebody bring up the topic ... if mickey be currently be hold against he will in some private nuthouse , then Doc 's immediate chore would be to try and find out which one ... CUT to : int . wolfmann mansion ( santa monica mountain ) - day 20 doc ring the doorbell . he 's dress in a disguise of a double - breasted suit , short hair wig , loafer . the door be open by a sexy young chicana : luz ( 20 ) . luz who be you suppose to be ? doc good afternoon , here to see Mrs. wolfmann . luz she 's hang by the pool with all the police and they ... come inside . 29 . luz so you be the shrink that call ? doc that 's right . luz uh-huh ... out back , by the pool , lapd be set up in a command post by the pool cabana . they be also swim in the pool , make margaritas and play ping pong . sloane wolfmann ( 40s , british , ex -showgirl ) stroll towards the house wear a black bikini , black shawl , black high heel sandal . she step into the main live room to greet Doc ... and stop , landing in what appear to be the most insanely gorgeous movie STAR lighting in the history of the world . sloane do you like the lighting ? doc uh-huh . sloane Jimmy Wong howe do it for we year ago . luz ! the midday refrescos now , if you would not mind ? they sit down . luz come in and pour drink , show she ass to Doc while pour ... doc you husband be plan to endow a new wing for we facility -- he actually tender we a sum in advance . but somehow it just do not seem right to keep the money while so little be know of he whereabouts . so , we would like to refund you the sum , and if , and as we all pray when , Mr. wolfmann be next hear from , why then , perhaps the process can resume . sloane we do recently endow another facility , in ojai ... chryskylodon Institute . doc kriskleddone ? errrr ... yess , uhhh ... 30 . sloane a ancient indian word that mean , ' serenity . 's be you somehow a subsidiary ...? doc perhaps one of we sister sanatoria ? enter rigg warbling . Big , muscular and blond , spiritual coach , wear a tiny swim short . sloane Mr. riggs warbling ... my spiritual coach . doc how would you do ? rigg pleasureable . doc ( to sloane ) maybe you can tell we where to send this refund and what form you would like it in ? rigg small bill ! non-consecutive serial number ! sloane riggs . enough . always make with the tasteless joke . perhaps if one of you company officer simply endorse Michael 's check back to one of he account ? doc of course ! sloane let I just find you a deposit form ... she get up and walk over to a desk , revealing a low cut back and expose she back ... doc you be a spiritual advisor , Mr. warbling ? rigg and a contractor . doc you work for Mr. wolfmann ? rigg look back to sloane wolfmann , say to Doc : 21 22 31 . rigg if you can call it work ... ... riggs start do some weightlifting nearby and some practice hump -thrust . luz stand in a corner watch ... closeup - doc watch this circus ... CUT to : int . hallway - moment later 21 luz walk Doc to the front door . she make eye at he . doc I forget , I , uh , I have to use the bathroom ? luz as long as you do not steal anything . doc muchas gracias , there , luz . I will not be a minute . int . palatial bathroom —- that moment 22 doc snoops around , go into a cavernous walk -in closet and notice : a rack dedicate to some strange neckties . vintage silk tie , hand - painted with a different nude woman on each . erect cly , spread pussy lip , each woman in a different pose . he come across one of sloane . suddenly , there's a hand around he back . doc holy shit . luz I be in there somewhere . keep look . doc huh huh huhuhuhuhu . luz there I be . cute , huh ? my tit be not really that big , but it 's the think that count . doc do you lady all pose for this ? 23 24 luz 32 . a guy over in North Hollywood do custom work . doc how about that chick ... what 's she name ? the one 's be miss ? luz shasta . yeah . she 's in there someplace . mickey always use to take I in the shower to fuck . never get a chance to do anything on that groovy bed in there . sloane ( 0.s. ) luz ! donde estas , MI hijata ?? luz another time , perhaps . you be not really a shrink be you ? doc no . but I do have a couch . luz piscodelico , ese ! she flash she tooth . he hand she one of the fake business card with he real number on it . ext . wolfmann mansion bigfoot / doc scene tbd . int . lunch spot ( downtown ) - day she leave . CUT to : 23 CUT to : 24 Doc be sit in a lunch spot downtown populate with a assortment of judge , lawyer , all completely drunk at lunchtime . in walk deputy d.a. penny kimball ( 30 ) . penny this wolfmann - charlock case . apparently , one of you old girlfriend be a principal ? doc I just hear that she skip . penny put it another way : how close be you and shasta fay hepworth ? 33. doc well , now , I have be ask myself that very question . it be all over year ago . month ? if you have not come along , babe , who know how bad it might have get ? penny true . you be a fuck mess when I meet you . doc and how ' bout now ? penny Old time aside , have you have any contact with miss hepworth , in , say , the last week or so ? doc well , now , funny you should ask because she call I up a couple day ago before mickey wolfmann disappear with a story about how he wife and she boyfriend be plotting to hustle mickey into the booby hatch and grab all he money . so I sure hope you guy , or the cop or whoever , be look into that . penny and with you year of experience as a p.i. , would you call that a reliable lead ? doc I have know worse . or be you all just gonna just ignore that ? some hippie chick with boyfriend trouble , brain all mushed up with dope , sex , rock and roll -- penny I have never see you this emotional , doc. doc ' Cause the light be out , usually . I have never have lunch with you before . penny you do not tell any of this to Lieutenant bjornsen when he pull you in at the crime scene ? and bjornsen seem to think you be as good a suspect as any -- 34 . doc ' seem to ’?? you have be talk to bigfoot ? about I ?? penny doc. shhh. please . besides , maybe you do do it , have that cross you mind yet ? maybe you just forget ? ( maybe you just conveniently forget about it the way you do so often forget thing and this peculiar reaction of yours be a typically twisted way of confess the act ? ) doc do do what ? penny kill Glenn charlock . doc kill he ? what ? how would I forget something like that ? penny grass and who know what else , Doc . doc I be only a light smoker . penny how many joint a day do you smoke ? doc I ... I '11 have to check the log book . penny you can not remember ? doc I do not keep track . penny or maybe you can not keep track . doc I do not think my smoking have any link to the wolfmann - charlock , shasta case -- penny .+. no ? why do shasta fay hepworth dismantle you relationship ? 35 . doc she have other fish to fry . penny would you say you be still in love with she ? doc no . wait , what be this , I be not -- penny hectic week ahead for I , so unless any of this heat up dramatically , I hope you understand . doc would not it be nice ... penny walk I back to my office ? I have to swing by the Federal courthouse ... 25 ext . federal courthouse - day 25 doc and penny enter . she guide the way , into the wait arm of : two FBI agent borderline and flatweed ... penny keep walk , have set he up ... flatweed I be agent flatweed and this be agent borderline . doc do I miss a episode ...? flatweed it 's come to we attention that not too long ago you have a visit from a black prison militant call himself tariq khalil . we naturally become curious . 26 int . federal courthouse - office - day 26 in a tiny office . borderline we like investigate and spend energy on Black nationalist hate group ... flatweed it 's the chronology , really . khalil visit you place of business . ( more ) 36 . flatweed ( cont 'd ) next day , a know prison acquaintance of he , Glen charlock , be slain , Michael wolfmann disappear , and you get arrest and let go on suspicion . doc so what do you want with I ? flatweed ordinarily , we be the one 's ask the question . doc sure thing , fella , except be not we all in the same business ? flatweed there 's no need to be insulting . borderline why do not you just share with we what Mr. khalil have to say the other day when he visit you ? doc because he 's a client , so that 's privileged be why . boderline if it have a bear on the wolfmann case , we might have to disagree . doc I wish I could help -- but what I can not figure be if you shop be really so focus on the Black panther and all that then what 's with you interest in mickey wolfmann ? long pause . no one say anything . doc ... be you guy figure mickey 's kidnap as a Black panther operation ? do they put the snatch on mickey to make a political point ? a nice shot at some ransom money ? flatweed and borderline blink a lot and look nervous . doc maybe you have at least think of put that out there as a cover story for whatever do happen ? can I be frank for a minute ? 27 28 37 . flatweed / borderline of course . doc fly I to the moon ... let I swing among that star ... tell penny how nice we time have be ... flatweed as a cointelpro informant you could be make up to three hundred dollar a month , Larry . consider that . CUT to : ext . doc' office - day 27 Doc come walk up to he office and see : jade and bambi , from the chick Planet massage , run away from he office , hopping into a harley earle impala and peel out ... he walk over to petunia who hand he a flyer for chick planet massage pussy eater's special , shake she head and look sad : petunia oh , Doc . it 's dark and lonely work , but someone have to do it ? doc I can explain this ... poc turn it over , write across the back it read : jade ( v.o. ) ' Heard they cut you loose . need to see you about something . I be work weeknight at Club asiatique in San pedro . Love and peace , jade . p.s. beware the golden fang !!! " Doc notice , out the window , across the parking lot : bigfoot EL camino park in the distance , engine fire up and watch Doc ... dissolve to : int . club asiatique - night 28 doc sit with a cocktail . jade , wear a cocktail uniform , approach doc : doc there you be . 38 . jade see I outside , okay ? CUT to : 29 ext . behind the club / san pedro dock - night 29 behind the club , on the dock , she speak : jade I can not stay here long . this be Golden fang territory . and a girl do not necessarily want to get into difficulty with that folk . doc what be it ? a band ? jade you wish . I just want to say how sorry I be . I feel shitty about what I do ... doc which be what again ? jade I be not a snitch . the cop tell we they would drop charge if we just put you at the scene , which they already know you be -- so where be the harm ? I be like , so sorry , Larry ... doc call I Doc . it 's cool , jade . jade that copper ? doc bigfoot ? jade he 's a warpe sheet of plastic . doc and be it bigfoot who put I on the Buenos noches Express ? or do he subcontract it ? jade I miss all that , man . last thing I remember be eat bambi 's pussy -- and puck beaverton 's tattoo -- like it be pulsate ... 39 . doc what 's a puck beaverton ? jade he 's a asshole you do not want to meet . I and bambi , we be so freak with the badass Brigade stomping in there we do not stick around -- doc how about that jailhouse Nazis who be suppose to be cover mickey 's back ? jade all over the place one minute , go the next . like a raid , when people know it 's gonna happen ? they all clear out except for Glenn . doc like someone forget to tell he something ? jade listen -- there 's somebody who want to talk to you . he think you can help each other out . he 's a new face . I be not even sure of he name but I know he 's in some trouble . doc okay ... jade motion over she shoulder ... out of the mist walk ... coy harlingen . doc blink a few time . jade disappear . doc howdy , coy . coy I would have come to you office , man . but I think there might be unfriendly eyeball . doc be this safe enough for you . out here ? coy let 's light this and pretend we come out to smoke . they light a joint and pass it back and forth . 40 . coy I be suppose to be dead . doc there 's also a rumor that you be not . coy that do not come as such great news . bein ' dead be part of my job image . like what I do . doc be you work for this people here at the club ? coy I do not know . maybe . it 's where I come to pick up my paycheck . doc where be you stay ? coy House in topanga Canyon . a band I use to play for , the board . but none of they know it 's I . doc how can they not know it 's you ? coy even when I be alive , they do not know it be I , man . ' the sax player . 's the session guy . plus , over the year , there 's be this big turnover of personnel , like , the board I play with have most of they go off by now and form other band . only one or two of the old crew be leave , and they be suffer with heavy doper 's memory . doc Story be you come to grief behind some bad smack . you still into that ? coy no. god. no. I be clean this day . I spend my time rehabilitate up -- doc it 's okay . I can not hear too good . and how can I talk about what I do not hear ? 41 . coy be delicate now , size Doc up , look around , word get more whispery : coy the thing I want to see you about ... just wonder if you could check in on a couple of people . a lady and a little girl . see that they be okay -- and without bring I into it . it 's down in torrance . ( hand he address ) just see if they be still livin ' there . what 's in the driveway . Law enforcement in the picture , any detail you find interesting -- doc I be on it . coy I can not pay you right now . doc when you can . unless maybe you be one of that folk who believe information be money , in which case , I could ask you something ? coy bear in mind that either I do not know or it will be my ass if I tell you , what be it ? doc ever hear of the Golden fang ? coy sure . it 's a boat . a big schooner , somebody say . bring stuff in and out of the country but nobody want to talk about it ... doc because ? coy turn and look out over he shoulder into the harbor . it 's foggy ... doc squint through stone eye ... coy turn back to he : coy that be it . doc how do you know ? coy saw it sail in . get here the same time I do tonight . 42 . doc I do not know what I just see . coy I neither . fact , I do not even want to know . Doc blink and like that ... coy 's go ... Doc be leave stand alone , very confuse , and paranoid . 30 ext . beach / sand dune - day 30 doc look through binocular , sauncho be here , over he shoulder . they be look at a three - masted schooner , golden fang . sauncho meet the schooner Golden fang , out of Charlotte amalie . doc where be that ? sauncho virgin Islands . doc bermuda triangle ? sauncho Close enough . doc sizable vessel . sauncho she have a tendency to show up in the middle of the night , no run light , no radio traffic . see , the problem with this vessel be try to find out anything . people back off , change the subject , get creepy and head for the toilet , never to reappear ... the owner be list as a consortium in the Bahamas . 31 int . fish place 31 Doc and sauncho at a disgusting restaurant . sauncho her name be not really the Golden fang . ( more ) 43 . sauncho ( cont 'd ) her original name be preserved after she miraculous escape in 1917 from a tremendous nitroglycerin explosion in halifax Harbor which blow away most everything else in it , shipping and soul . after World War ii she be buy by burke stodger . doc burke stodger , burke stodger . burke stodger , the actor ? .45 caliber kiss off -- burke stodger ? sauncho motion to the wall -- a few 8x10 headshot of film star who have visit the Fish place -- one of they be burke stodger from he young day in black and white headshot ... sauncho ... burke stodger get blacklist for he politics , brand a communist and be force to take the boat and split the country . which be where the bermuda triangle come in ..... sauncho hush up as the waitress arrive ... sauncho ordinarily I would have the Admiral 's luau -- but today I will have the house anchovy loaf to start and the devil-ray filet . can I get that deep fry in beer batter ? doc I will have the jellyfish teriyaki croquette and the eel trovatore . sauncho and two tequila Zomby . waitress leave , sauncho back to whisper : sauncho «+. so burke 's blacklist , split town on the boat ... but somewhere between San pedro and papeete , the ship disappear , till one day , a couple year later , boat and owner suddenly reappear -- preserved in the opposite ocean , off Cuba , and burke stodger on the front page of Daily variety in a article report he return in a big budget major studio project call commie confidential . he follow that up with squeal , pinko , squeal and I be a Red dope fiend . 44 , doc soooo00000000 burke 's work again ? sauncho and he politics have miraculously change . it 's wreck my appetite just talk about what 's happen to this great ship -- they remove any trace of soul she once have ... doc you be emotionally involved ? with a boat ? sauncho not just a boat , doc. something much more . I know why I be so interested , but why be you ? doc some story I hear the other night . maybe some kind of smuggle angle ? sauncho as attorney and client , this story you hear -- it do not happen to include mickey wolfmann ? doc not so far , why ? sauncho accord to scuttlebutt , shortly before he disappearance -- everybody 's favorite developer be observe go onboard the Golden fang . what we call a three - hour tour and back again ... doc be he accompany by he lovely companion ? sauncho «+. who ? doc my ex-old shasta fay ? sauncho think you be do with all that sad bullshit . doc «+. everybody make it back ? no one push overboard ? nothin ' like that ? 32-36 37 45 . sauncho let 's order you a boilermaker to go with the Zombie and you can start the whole sordid thing over again ... doc just ask ... anything else ? sauncho Word swirl around some of my friend at the Department of justice say that maybe mickey wolfmann 's not as miss as we think ? doc like go but not go ? sauncho a rumor that this guy be try to broker a Vegas deal with wolfmann ... doc do not compute . say again . vegas. wolfmann . sauncho it 's FBI stuff . that 's what they do in Vegas ... apparently wolfmann own some property they would not mind have ... the drink arrive . sauncho mmmmmmmmmm . + all this good eatin' . CUT to : omitted 32-36 int . doc be place - night 37 doc be on the couch , pretty stone , watch president nixon on tv at a Republican rally for a group know as vigilant california . Nixon stand in front of a huge banner promote they . a long - haire guy in the crowd at the rally start heckling nixon ... scream and yelling . wild -eyed guy ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) hey , nixon ! tricky dick ! fuck you ! fuck everybody and the first fuckin 's family ! fuck the dog ! 38 46 . penny come out of the bedroom , naked and smoking a joint , see the tv and say ... penny hey ... it 's chucky ! doc who ? nixon ( v.o . ) ( on tv ) better get he to a hippie drug clinic ! secret service come over and get he . doc realize that this wild -eyed guy be actually : coy harlingen . penny that 's no hippie ! that 's chucky ! doc who be it ? a friend of yours ? penny everybody know he . when he 's not hang out at the Hall of justice , he 's at the Glass House . doc a snitch ? penny informant , please . doc and why 's he yell at Nixon like that again ? penny now he 's be on tv . instant and wide credibility . the police can infiltrate he into any group they want . CUT to : ext . topanga canyon house - afternoon 38 doc , disguise as a reporter ( ponytail , fedora hat , tape recorder ) and denis as a photographer pull up to the house in topanga Canyon where the board be stay . as they enter the huge mansion , a couple sexy young house groupies come forward with leis and bead and put they around Doc and Denis ... inside Doc walk through the party ... 39 40 47 . another angle 39 smedley ( spot Dick band member ) and he keyboard . Doc interview he , like he 's a reporter ... smedley this be Fiona ... doc what do you and Fiona talk about ? smedley oh , what you would expect . Association football , the war in Southeast Asia , where one can score , that sort of thing . doc and how 's Fiona enjoy it here in Southern California ? smedley love everything but the paranoia , man . doc paranoia , really ? smedley this house ... smedley grow quiet as he notice road manager - type who may or may not be work undercover come near -- angle - doc 40 Doc lurk around a hallway and run into : jade . doc what , you again ? jade I drive up with bambi -- she hear spot Dick be stay here -- doc she 's keen on the Dick , huh ? jade tuneful and poetic . English , I guess . I have to come along to try and keep she out of trouble . doc if anybody ask , I be a rock and roll reporter , okay ? 41 42 48. jade I will tell they about you Pat boone cover article . doc have you see the guy I be talk to at Club asiatique the other night ? jade yeah , he 's here . try the rehearsal room upstairs ... rehearsal studio 41 doc make he way to a SMALL rehearsal studio upstair . he step inside and see : coy , do some recording with he saxophone ... '' donna Lee . " doc howdy ! it 's I again ! remember that chore you want I to do ? coy signal he thumb to a cloister of recording equipment . coy what be the , uh , make and model you look at again ? doc «+ . you be ask about a older - type vw , flower and bluebird and heart on it ? coy no new replacement part ? doc none I could see. coy Street legal ? no hassle with registration ? doc seem that way . coy well , thanks for look into that , you know , I just wonder the way people do . I will be in touch . live room area 42 doc look in another room , see a big teepee . he step inside and suddenly , coy be with he : 49 , coy so you get to see hope ? doc for a minute . she 's okay . and it look like she 's be stay clean , too . coy how would she do it ? doc I do not know . she 's back teach be all she say . Public health , drug awareness , something like that . coy where ? doc I do not know . coy -- you be not gonna tell I where ? doc not even if I know . coy what -- you really think that I would ever start give either of they shit ? doc I do not do matrimonial . I have a terrible history of put in , and it 's never end well . coy do not matter . no way I can ever go back to they . doc you can not go back , because if you do ...? coy it would be my ass and my family 's , too . this be like a gang . once you be in , you be in for life . doc I be not ask you to give away any secret ... but I think I just see you on the tube at a rally for Nixon ? 50 . coy and you question be , be be I really one of they screamin ' right - wing nutcase ? doc somethin ' like that . coy I just want to get clean ... and I think it be something to do for my country . stupid as it sound . they see something in I I do not see . this people be the only one who be offer I that . it look like a easy call ... but what they really want be to control the membership by make we feel we be never patriotic enough . my country right or wrong , with Vietnam go on ? that 's just fuckin ' crazy . suppose you mom be use smack . doc my , uh ... coy you would not at least say something ? doc wait , so the U.S. be somebody 's mom , you be sayin ' ?... and she 's strung out on ... what , exactly ? coy on send kid off to die in jungle for no reason . something wrong and suicidal that she can not stop . doc «+. uhhhhhh ... and vigilant California , or whoever you be workin ' for , will not buy that ? coy I never get a chance to bring it up . look at I around here . I be lower than a groupie , fetching weed , open beer , make sure there 's only aqua jelly bean in the giant punch bowl in the parlor . doc I do get the feel you would rather be someplace else -- 51 . coy back where I be would be nice , but it 's too late -- doc short of actual marriage counseling , if I do just run a fast check and happen to find some angle you maybe have not think of with this -- coy nothing personal , man . but there 's too much you have not think of . you want to run you check , I can not stop you . doc I can dig you be tryin ' to chase I off this , but look , whatever it be you be catch inside , I be still out here , on the outside of it . I can move in way you may not be able to ... coy the baby ? how would she look ? doc a sweetie pie . coy any sign of they little kid blue ? doc I could not say ... coy «+ . I have really blow this solo , man . doc the original call from this people , where do it come from ? coy it 's like bein ' stick with a borrow horn . doc just give I a glimpse here : who set you up with this people ? coy when I first start snitching , I realize how often people ask question they already know the answer to -- but they just want to hear it from another voice , like outside they head -- 43 44 52 . doc help I out ... coy you would better find shasta fay . Doc blink and coy disappear again -- doc now ... what the fuck ? in another part of the house 43 denis have make he way into the kitchen ... Denis see coy drift into the dining room to get something to eat ... so he lift he camera and snap . which set off a bunch of people move towards they : Doc run into jade : jade Doc , can I get a ride , this place be freakin ' I out -- they head out of the house -- CUT to : ext . topanga canyon - night 44 a sinister - looking woodie with blacked out window be following they ... doc drive faster and faster through the treacherous canyon road ... sortilege ( v.o . ) as if thing be not peculiar enough , Doc be manage to put himself on a full - scale paranoid trip about shasta ... jade and denis be in the backseat and start to strike up a conversation as Denis be roll a joint ... denis and what 's , like , you name ? jade Ashley ... do you eat pussy , by the way ? closeup - doc drive , paranoid , bad driver , light in rearview mirror . 53 . sortilege ( v.o. ) «+. and how she must have be use , all the time she and Doc be together , maybe since before they would meet , a devote junkie take every chance she could to slip out into the fine breezy night and go someplace they would have be look after she outfit for she so she would not have to hide it at home from Doc ... just to be back for a while among the junkie fellowship , to have a break from this hopeless stooge she be already plan to split on and so forth . jade 45 get out of the car -- jade thanks for the lift , boy . doc hey , Ashley ? jade yeah ? doc I think you say you name be jade ? jade that 's just my nom du chick Planet massage . doc alrighty , then -- while we be just talk here , be there anything else you wanna tell I about this Golden fang ? jade they're a indochinese heroin cartel . a vertical package . they grow it , bring it in , step on it , run stateside network of local street dealer and take a separate percentage off of each operation . doc so ... you be deal smack ? jade no , but they use chick Planet as a front to launder money . should I have tell you this earlier ? 54 . doc maybe not . jade see you around . ( alternate ) '' + . just be advise boy , you will want to watch you step , ' cause what I be be , be like a small - diameter pearl of the orient roll around on the floor of late capitalism -- lowlife of all income level may step on I now and then but if they do -- it will be they who slip and fall and ona good day break they ass , while the ol ' pearl herself just go a- rollin' . thanks for the lift . CUT to : 46 ext . / int . parker CENTER - day 46 Doc walk up and in the building . like be on another planet . sortilege ( v.o. ) all this strange alternate cop history and cop politics -- cop dynasty , cop heroes and evildoer , saintly cop and psycho cop , cop too stupid to live and cop too smart for they own good -- insulate by secret loyalty and code of silence from the world they would all be give to control ... 47 int . homicide room 47 doc come into homicide room . bigfoot be here , eat a freeze banana . bigfoot I hope this will not be another of that unabridge paranoid hippie monologue I seem oblige to sit through . doc what if someone die but be resurrected ? bigfoot not at first glance a matter for homicide . 48 49 55 . doc so - who around here handle resurrection ? bigfoot bunco squad , usually . doc do that mean lapd officially believe that every return from the dead be some kind of con ? bigfoot not always . could be a mistaken or false i.d. type of problem . doc but not -- bigfoot you be dead , you be dead . be we talk philosophy ? another angle - later 48 Doc and bigfoot sit together , Doc catch he up to speed on coy 's case . doc give he a photo of coy : it 's like the last Supper , coy as Jesus grab food from table . bigfoot just remind I why I give a shit again ? doc he 's work for the Department as a snitch , he oughta be in you file ... bigfoot look at Doc , then the picture : '' how much do Doc know ? " bigfoot alright , I will look into it personally . he motion down a back corridor ... bigfoot just want to look in the freezer a minute ... come with I . CUT to : int . corridor / utility room - moment later 49 bigfoot lead Doc down a hall and into a room with a corpse - size professional freezer . 56 . bigfoot open it up : inside be several hundre frozen chocolate cover bananas . bigfoot I be down to a dozen a day now . the therapist say I have make amazing progress . please , dig in , feel free . I be tell I have to share . he put the frozen bananas in the pneumatic tube dispenser , send chocolate freeze bananas hurl around parker Center ... doc certainly a lot of this in here . be the Department pick up the tab ? bigfoot 's face turn and the molecule completely change as he sees something over doc' shoulder ... doc look scared stiff ... realize bigfoot 's look past he , Doc turn -- down the corridor -— a few officer , detective , vice squad member be saying some kind word , shaking hand , laughing with a strange little man : adrian prussia . everyone 's all smile as they un- cuff adrian ... doc be that adrian Prussia ? I remember he from my skip trace day ... he 's the one with the bat ... he beat up a old lady with a baseball bat . and why 's he ... I mean ... why 's he shaking hand and smile and kissing baby with the vice squad boy again ? which part do I miss ? and why 's he walk this way ??? adrian walk over . adrian this you be new partner , bigfoot ? bigfoot here , adrian ... have a banana . Bend over and I will stick it in for you . adrian fuck you . and fuck you banana . adrian exit . bigfoot to Doc ... doc you guy go back , huh ? 50 51 57 . bigfoot where do you think mickey wolfmann be , Doc ? doc now that 's a good question . ( you try Las Vegas yet ? ) bigfoot and where be that love of you life shasta fay hepworth ? doc play nice . ( mighty snotty , bigfoot . ) bigfoot and how much could she have really mean to he -- or he to she that he could just let this all get so fuck up ? doc best question yet . ( be this multiple choice ? ) bigfoot there 's place you do not want to go , Doc -- better get back to the beach , you smell like a patchouli factory . CUT to : ext. / int . doc 's office - night 50 Doc walk the long corridor towards he office ... doc 51 walk into he office , be deep in think , lock the door double and triple lock turn and scream at the sight of a sexy young biker girl : clancy charlock . doc ahhhahahahha !!!! cootie food !! clancy remains to be see ... doc who be you ?!?? clancy clancy charlock . doc Glen charlock 's ? clancy sister . doc I be sorry about you brother ... clancy Glen be a shit and bound to have 58. he series cancel sometime . but that do not keep I from want to know who he killer be . doc you talk to the police ? clancy they talk to I . some smart - ass name bjornsen . can not say it be encourage . but I guess he 's a fan of yours ... would you mind not stare at my tit like that ? doc sorry -- I be just read you T-shirt . so now ... you say ... Lieutenant bjornsen refer you to I ? clancy he sound a lot more concerned with mickey wolfmann 's disappearance than Glen 's murder , which I guess be no big surprise . be that a joint ? can I smoke it ? doc pull out a freshly roll one . doc here 's a new one .../ please ... she light it and smoke half of it down in before pass it back to Doc ... doc the theory downtown be that you brother try to prevent whoever it be from put the snatch on mickey and get shot for do he job . clancy Way too sentimental . doc then maybe he see something he should not have . clancy that 's how boris have it figure to . one suck 59 . doc who 's that ? clancy another member of mickey 's muscle patrol . they have all drop out of sight , but last night , boris call I late . we have some history . right now , he 's scared shitless . doc what of ? clancy he say mickey be in the deep shit you could get in all because of this idea that come to he . doc which be ? clancy all the money he ever make -- he be work on a way just to give it back . doc can I still get my name on the list ? clancy that 's what I say ! doc why , but why would he want to ? clancy would not be the first rich guy on a guilt trip lately . he be do a lot of acid and peyote and maybe it just get to a point ... you must have see that happen . doc once or twice , but it 's more like call in sick for a couple day , breakin ' up with you old lady , nothing on that scale . clancy he say he feel bad about make people pay for shelter -- that all along he should have realize it should have be for free -- doc he tell he that ? 60 . clancy boris hear he say it ... he want to build a big place out in the desert where anybody could come and live for free -- call arrepentimiento . doc yeah , okay , and what 's that mean again ? clancy Spanish for ' sorry about that . 's the idea be if there be a open unit -- it be yours for free ... anyone from anywhere can have shelter ... be you gonna keep hold on to that joint or be you gonna marry it ? doc and what about mickey 's lady ? any of they object to he big giveaway ? clancy only one I have hear boris say anything about be shasta -- the one 's go miss . doc what would he say ? clancy Said shasta be the only one that ever make any sense around there -- she be nervous about mickey givin ' away all he money -- which I guess cause some problem because it make he think that 's all she be worried about be she meal ticket -- which I guess be really crazy cause she be in love with he . deeply in love ... doc shasta and I live for a short while together and I can not say for sure how deep it go . how she really feel about I . clancy well , I hope this be not a bummer for you to be hearin’ ... doc clancy , I only look like a evil motherfucker ... secretly , I be as sentimental as any ex-old man . 52 61 . clancy you be a pretty dangerous hombre , I can see that ... but , as one who 's be down this particular exit ramp -- you can only cruise the boulevard of regret so far , and then you have get to get back up onto the freeway again . doc who else do he think be worried about mickey 's big giveaway ? Business partner ? the wife ? clancy that cop friend of yours keep show up at the house all the time warning mickey ... doc bigfoot ? so he warn mickey to what ? clancy I do not know . ( mickey do not listen to advice ... maybe he say do not give away all you money ? stop do peyote ? stop do acid ? you be the detective . ) CUT to : ext . doc' office - night 52 clancy and Doc step out of the office . she have two biker wait for she ... the bike doc anything else ? FIRE up loud . clancy yell to doc : clancy puck beaverton . doc uh-huh . clancy he have the duty to guard mickey that day but change shift with glen at the last minute ... doc you think puck set glen up ? clancy puck' a asshole . a53 53 54 62. doc sound like you date . clancy he and he roommate einar . doc both ? ( two at a time ? ) clancy that's my preference . doc know where I might find this mr . beaverton ? clancy probably out looking for girl to treat like shit -- preferably one that don't mind . happy hunting . CUT to : int . doc be car - night a53 after clancy . driving to get postcard ... no sortilege . ext . doc' apartment - night 53 Doc walk up to he place ... a few shadow and movement around click he into a paranoia alert ... he see on the doorsill a postcard ... he carefully pick it up , look it over ... it 's from some place deep in the Pacific Ocean . shasta ( v.o. ) I wish you could see this wave . it 's one more of this place a voice from somewhere else tell you you have to be . remember the day with the ouija board ? I miss that day and I miss you . I wish so many thing could be different ... nothing be suppose to happen this way , Doc , I be sorry ... CUT to : int . doc' apartment 54 he come in , place the postcard down and light a joint , shasta' voice continue . shasta ( v.o. ) «+. you do not remember the ouija board ? come on , Doc ... ( more ) 55 56 63. shasta ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) «.. go stumbling through that city dump of a memory ... it have be one of that prolong time of no dope , nobody have any , everybody be desperate and suffer lapse of judgment . CUT to : flashback - int . sortilege's house 55 doc and shasta with sortilege and a ouija board . doc hey ! you think it know where we can score ? sortilege easy as pie , just do it all by yourself . doc and shasta put they hand on it . the planchette take off like a rocket , spelling out a address and a phone number . they furiously write this down . doc pick up the phone and dial . it ring and a female voice recording answer : female voice ( v.o. ) ' howdy , doper ! we have get whatever you need , and remember -- the sooner you get over here , the more there will be leave for you . 's doc who be this ? whom I talk to ? hey ! she just hang up . sortilege do you hear what she be scream at you : ' stay away ! I be a police trap ! 's you see the problem about ouija board -- doc look to shasta and they run out the door , ignoring sortilege . CUT to : ext . sunset ( near vermont ) 56 they arrive at the address in the rain . it 's a huge , empty , excavate lot . rain water fill it up ... it ... flow out into the street ... 57 58 64 . another angle doc and shasta stuff for here . CUT to : ext . sunset ( near vermont ) ( present ) 57 doc walk over to the area where the vacant lot be ... the hole in ground be go ... and in its place , a strangely futuristic building . smooth , narrow , conical -- a six - story -high golden fang . doc walk back down the street .. denis be in the car , wait for he ... doc Denis , I be gonna look around for a while , you want to wait in the car or come in and cover my back ? denis I be gonna go try and finda pizza , if that 's okay ? doc and you remember that this be a stick , not automatic and so forth . denis easy as pie , doc. CUT to : int . golden fang enterprise h.q. - that moment 58 it 's quiet . Doc enter . a receptionist : xandra ( asian , british , 20 ) and a sign that read : '' Golden fang enterprise / corporate hq . '' doc hi , xandra . this be the address they tell I at the Club asiatique in San pedro ? just here to pick up a package for the management ? xandra reach for a telephone , punch some number , murmur into it . she hang up . xandra follow I . she guide he down a hall ... CUT to : 59 65 . int . office - that moment 59 she put he in a empty office . xandra Dr. blatnoyd will see you ina moment . same scene - moment later dr . rudy blatnoyd ( 5as ) enter , wear a eggplant velour double - breast suit ; high -energy . blatnoyd flip open a three - ring binder , look it over , then look up at Doc : blatnoyd so ... you have some i.d. , I imagine ? Doc go into he wallet , pull out a business card from a chinese head shop . blatnoyd I can not read this ... it 's in some ... Oriental ... what be this , chinese ? doc well ... I figure that you , be chinese . blatnoyd what ? what be you talk about ? doc the ... the Golden fang ...? blatnoyd it 's a syndicate . most of we happen to be dentist . a syndicate of dentist . set up long ago for tax purpose , all legit ... wait , where do you tell xandra you be from again ? doc -+. uh ... blatnoyd why , you be another one of that hippie dopefiend , be not you ? my goodness ! here for a little perk up , I will bet -- he bring out a tall cylinder of brown glass . 60 61 66 . blatnoyd dig it ! just in from darmstadt , lab quality , maybe I will even have some with you -- he dump the pharmaceutical cocaine out on the table , arrange some line , offer some to doc . doc I try not to do dope I can not pay for , 's what it be . blatnoyd wooooo ! no worry . it 's on the house . doc well , just to be sociable , I guess ... xandra enter , seductively : xandra Doctor ? I think there 's a problem with the couch in you office . and bring that bottle ... blatnoyd grab the cylinder , run after xandra , unzipping he pants as he go ... doc do some snooping ... he go to what look like a closet door , he open it -- CUT to : int . huge room - that moment 60 it 's a pristine , long and narrow dental operation room . rows of dentist chair , equipment etc . a few chair be occupy by client ( mostly hippie-type , clean up ) there be doctor and sexy dental assistant wear surgical mask . some of they look up , see doc , then go back to they patient . Doc take this all in ... back in rudy's office 61 Doc come back in ... japonica hi , Dr. rudy ... I be back ... doc you be not Dr. rudy ... japonica you be not Dr. rudy ... a young girl have enter blatnoyd 's office : japonica fenway ( 20 ) . Doc recognize she . 67 . doc that 's at japonica , be not it ? japonica Fenway ? imagine meeting you here ... Doc walk slowly towards japonica ... sortilege ( v.o. ) this be not a moment he would be either dread or hope for , though now and then somebody would remind he of the ancient american indian belief that if you save somebody 's life , you be responsible for they from then on , forever , and he would wonder if any of that apply to he history with japonica here ... ( more ? ? ) doc so ... what have you be up to ? japonica oh. escape mostly ? there 's this , like , place my parent keep send I to ? doc escape ? escape what ? japonica chryskylodon Institute . doc place up in ojai ...? japonica you know it ? dr . blatnoyd come burst back into the room , zipping up he pants -- blatnoyd japonica ? I think we would agree never to -- japonica I escape again , rudy ... blatnoyd ( to Doc ) what be you still do here ? CUT to : 68 . 62 in the lobby - at that moment 62 denis be walk around aimlessly look for Doc . he 's hold the steering wheel from Doc 's car and call he name ... xandra be run behind he , zipping up she skirt ... denis doc? Doc ? where be you Doc ? xandra no , no , no , where be you go ? come back here ...! 63 int . dr . blatnoyd 's office 63 Denis enter into blatnoyd 's office -- denis hey , man ... you ride 's in a body shop . doc what be it this time ? denis I sort of mashed the front end . I be look at this chick out on Little Santa monica -- xandra I tell you you could not come up here ! ( to japonica ) oh. how lovely . smile maintenance chick . blatnoyd miss Fenway may seem a little psychotic today -- denis groovy . blatnoyd what ? doc Denis ... blatnoyd it 's not ' groovy ' to be insane . japonica here have be institutionalized for it . denis they put that volt in you head ? 64 65 69 . japonica volt and volt and volt . denis bad for la cabeza . doc let 's go , Denis , we gotta figure out a way to catch a bus back to the beach . japonica if you need a ride , I be head that way -- doc cop-friendly ? everything cool with you ride , japonica ? brake light , license plate , so forth ? japonica a-okay . blatnoyd mind if I tag along with you people ? contingency of the road and so forth ? doc yes , yes . okay . that 's a good idea ... and why do not we doa little bit more of that for the road -- CUT to : int . 1960 mercede - evening 64 parked . they all get in , dr . blatnoyd push a market bag under the seat ... denis what 's in that bag you be stuff under Doc 's seat ? blatnoyd pay no attention to that bag . it will only make everybody paranoid . japonica start the car and pull out into traffic -- CUT to : int . 1960 mercede ( drive ) 65 japonica hum throughout -- 66 70 . doc ah , japonica -- you light ? it would be groovy , japonica , really to have some light work see 's how beverly Hills cop be know to lurk uphill on this different cross street ? just wait for minor violation like light to pop folk on ? blatnoyd everything all right , baby ? um , japonica , dear ? that be a red light ? japonica I do not think so ... I think that be one of it 's eye . doc oh , well , yes , we can sure dig that , japonica , but then again -- blatnoyd no , no , there 's no ' it 's watch you ! that be not mey , 's that be warning to come to a full stop and wait till the light turn green , do not you remember learn that in school ? police light . CUT to : ext./ int . STREET - mercede - night 66 they have be pull over by the police . Doc try to calm everyone , etc ... two rookie cop walk up to the car look cautious and careful ... gun raised and shaking visibly ... nervous as they approach the car . japonica be you the great Beast ? blatnoyd no no no , that 's a policeman , japonica , who only want to make sure you be all right . cop you know you be drive without you headlight , miss ? japonica but I can see in the dark . 67 71 . blatnoyd her sister go into labor a hour ago and miss Fenway promise she would be there in time to see the baby bear , so she might have be a little inattentive back there . cop that case , maybe somebody else ought to be drive . and we will need everybody 's i.d.s , too . doc sure thing . what 's it about , officer ? cop every gather of three or more civilian be now define as a potential cult -- denis what !? Charlie Manson again ? next cop ( to cop ) do you hear that ? he call he Charlie ! cop shush -- criteria include reference to the book of revelation , male with shoulder - length hair or longer and endangerment through automotive absentmindedness , all of which you folk have be exhibit . denis yeah , but we be in a mercede and it 's only paint one color ! doc Denis -- doc notice that both cop be very subtly shaking . cop we will hand this all in , Mr. sportello , and unless there 's want or warrant we do not know about , you will not hear any more on this ... ext . bel AIR mansion - night 67 they have pull up out front of a massive bel Air home with a gate and a moat . blatnoyd get he bag , climb out of the car ... go to the intercom on the gate , say -- 72 . blatnoyd even , henrich . -- and the gate open ... he say -- blatnoyd wo not be a minute . japonica be not you the man you find I and bring I back to my dad that time ? doc I be only do my job . japonica do he really want I back ? doc he seem like you standard worried parent . japonica he 's a asshole . she 's emotional . doc give she a card . doc here , this be my office number . I do not have regular hour , so you may not always find I in . japonica if it 's mean to be ... female intercom voice ( v.o. ) Dr. blatnoyd wish to inform you that he will be remain as we guest and there be no further need for you to wait ... CUT to : shasta ? where 's shasta ? reminder ? ext . doc' office - day / night ( next night ? ) 68 doc walk up to he office , past petunia , who try to delay he . she be not wear underwear and she open she leg ... petunia oh , Doc , do you really have to go in right away ? ( more ) 69 73. petunia ( cont 'd ) it 's be age since we have one of we interesting chat . doc petunia , be you try to tell I I have visitor wait ? petunia not exactly . doc not exactly visitor ? petunia not exactly wait ? he open up and look inside : clancy charlock and tariq khalil 69 be on Doc 's desk , fuck . tariq look up . tariq hey , Doctor sportello , my man . this be all right , be not it ? doc close the door , and look at petunia : doc petunia , I know you have the soul of a matchmaker and normally I be groovy with intimacy of all kind , but not between element in a case I be work on . too much information I end up never see -- petunia but it 's too late , can not you see ? they be in love ! I be just the karmic facilitator ! I really have a gift for know who 's suppose to be together and who 's not and I be never wrong . Love be the only thing that will ever save we !!! doc who ???!?! petunia everybody . CUT to : 70 74 . int . doc' office - later 70 doc be make they some coffee . clancy be sit by tariq , encourage he share with Doc ... petunia here , too . tariq alright ... when I come here first time , I should have tell you the whole thing . too late now , but I still could have trust you more ... doc tell I what ? clancy ( to tariq ) you need to tell he the whole thing ... tariq Glenn do not owe I money ... doc «+ . what do he owe you ? tariq gun . for my people at wambam . small arm ... and some bazookas . doc I can dig why you do not want to get too specific ... wambam be ? tariq Warrior against the man Black armed militia . Glen say he have friend who could score we gun and we be still wait for we shipment as the revolution roll on ... doc and who be this ' friend 's of Glen 's that be arrange the arm deal ? tariq some bunch of honky dentist out on lower sunset . worked out of some weird - ass building look like a big tooth . doc uh-huh . well . maybe I can think of one or two place to look . CUT to : 71 72 75 . omitted 71 int . plastic nickel diner - night 72 he 's out to a dinner with clancy and tarig , who be both in the bathroom . thomas jefferson 's face be on a nickel emblem all over this restaurant . thomas jefferson appear , sit in a booth next to doc , drink coffee , say : doc ( you look familiar -- be you the guy on the nickel ? ) thomas jefferson Thomas jefferson . so. gun and opium . the Golden fang not only traffic in enslavement , they pedal the implement of liberation as well . doc yeah ... but as a founding father , do not you get freak out a little with this revolution talk ? thomas jefferson the tree of liberty must be refresh from time to time with the blood of patriot and tyrant . it be its natural manure . doc yeah , and what about when the patriot and tyrant turn out to be the same people ? thomas jefferson as long as they bleed be the thing . Doc deep in think ... thomas jefferson a nickel for you thought ... doc Glen charlock ... if Glen be tight with the Golden fang , could they be the one who take he out ? be he just another rudy blatnoyd , dds who touch some acupressure point on the mysterious body of the Golden fang so uncomfortably he have to be deal with ? 76 . thomas jefferson nobody trust Glen -- the Aryan Brotherhood have he shitlist as a traitor to he race , the vigilant California be more than eager to help -- and the raid on Channel View estate be a cover for the hit on Glen -- doc and so mickey wolfmann ...? thomas jefferson mickey be a witness -- he walk in on something he should not have the v.c. commando hustle he off -- then the fed find out , here 's a acid-head billionaire ready to give away all he money -- and of course , they have they own idea on how to spend it . as long time associate of the Golden fang by way of scag-relate activity , they get mickey program into ojai for a little brain work -- doc wait , wait , wait -- how do you know all this ? thomas jefferson I be on the nickel . I be everywhere . I see everything . every time a hippie put he hand out for loose change -- there I be . doc when you put it that way ... thomas jefferson do you detect a common thread here , lawrence ? doc I can trust any of this people ? thomas jefferson excellent -- and what , if anything , be you gonna do about it ? doc me? what can I do ? I be feel pretty short on optimism right now , sir ... 73 74 77 . thomas jefferson put it another way : what will nag you in the middle of the night , lawrence ? doc that little amethyst coy harlingen 's daughter «+. little kid blue ... amethyst . amethyst : coy harlingen 's little kid -- what 's she future gonna look like without she dad ? mistake aside , coy certainly do not deserve to be without he daughter and he wife -- clancy arrive back to the table . doc look up : clancy talk to yourself again ? you need to find true love , Doc . doc I be happy for you and tariq . but what happen to that two at a time ? clancy Doc -- this guy be two at a time -- at least . CUT to : int . doc' apartment - later that night 73 .+. Doc be sit up straight , sleep . the phone ring : doc idiot unlimite . intercut with : int . bigfoot house - same time 74 his wife in the kitchen and he kid run around in the b.g. bigfoot I be in a evil mood myself tonight . Dr. rudy blatnoyd , dds ? doc uh-huh ... 78 . bigfoot «+. have perpetrate he last root canal , I be afraid . doc what do you mean dead ? Real life dead ? bigfoot we find he next to a trampoline in bel Air with a fatal neck injury . so far we have no witness , no motive , no suspect apart from you -- doc not I . why I ? bigfoot because you be observe in blatnoyd 's company , both of you riding in a vehicle full of drug craze hippie . doc yeah , okay , well , the owner of that car ? he 's a very well - respected lawyer down in palo verde , he daughter be drive ... she offer I a ride ? cop never give she a ticket ? and Dr. blatnoyd be she friend , not mine ? bigfoot I think it 's time for one of we chat . CUT to : a75 int . doc' car a7t5 drive to see bigfoot at japanese diner . sortilege watch he quietly -- ( alt : no sortilege . ) 75 int . japanese coffee shop - day 75 bigfoot have some pancakes that he eat with two fork . bigfoot I would share this with you , but then you would be addict and it would be something else on my conscience ... 79 . doc uee. you ever feel bitter you miss bein ' up there at cielo drive ? stompin ' around that famous crime scene ? bigfoot you want the truth ? doc um. no? bigfoot well , here it be anyway : right now everyone be really scared . doc who ? you ? I ? bigfoot odd , that fear should be run the town again as in day of old , like the Hollywood blacklist you do not remember and the watt rioting you do —- it spread , like blood in a swim pool , till it occupy all the volume of the day . and then maybe some playful soul show up with a bucketful of piranhas , dump they in the pool , and right away they can taste the blood . they swim around look for what 's bleed , but get more and more crazy , till the craziness reach a point . which be when they begin to feed on each other . bigfoot take a big bite . bigfoot this coy harlingen matter . on the face of it , just one more o.d. , one less junkie , case clear . doc so tell I what you have get ... bigfoot present some 3x5 index card ... display they like a card trick ... bigfoot pick a card ... any card ... this be field interrogation report ... see if you find anything that look familiar ... Doc pick the card that bigfoot favor to he . 80 . bigfoot puck beaverton ! excellent choice . one of mickey wolfmann 's bodyguard . doc interesting fellow , I hear ... bigfoot sheriff 's people happen to run into he at the Venice home of the very dealer who sell coy harlingen the smack that kill he . doc so what be puck do at coy 's dealer 's place ? bigfoot the interesting thing about this overdose be that Leonard James loosemeat , aka El drano , be know for this three - percent product ... but the report say what kill he be pure China White no. 4 ... doc like the kind you would get from the whole - seller ? like whoever 's bring it in ? bigfoot I seem to recall that some year ago , just before he go into folsom , beaverton use to work for you best friend and loan shark adrian Prussia ... doc you best friend . bigfoot and this dealer El drano also happen to be one of Prussia 's steady customer . maybe puck be there on adrian 's behalf ? what do you think ? doc I think you and adrian have a history you be not share ... bigfoot scream to the japanese waiter . bigfoot chooto , kenichiro ! dozo , motto pannukeiku ! japanese waiter you get it , Lieutenant ! 81 . bigfoot ( to Doc ) pancake be not quite as good as my mother 's -- what I really go for here be the respect . doc do not get enough of that from you mom ? bigfoot you probably imagine I have a lot of status up in robbery -homicide . who could blame you for think that ... the reality , however ... no cielo drive for bigfoot . no tv movie rights or book deal for bigfoot ... even the extra work be drying up ... God help we all. dentist on trampoline . bigfoot be shaking he head slowly , Doc do not know how to deal with this ... doc okay , bigfoot ... doc write something on a napkin ... doc it be dark , windy road , could not make it back there if I try in broad daylight -- he slide the napkin to he . doc that 's the address where we drop Dr. rudy . it be about eleven . bigfoot that 's just where we find he . this help with the chronology . Hair and drug issue notwithstand , I think you be be very professional about this ... doc do not get sentimental on I , man , it fuck up you edge . bigfoot I can be even more emotionally irresponsible than that . ( more ) 82 . bigfoot ( cont 'd ) there be certain polygraph key on this case that if I tell you what they be , then the only one who would know would be homicide , the killer and you . doc good thing you be not tell I . bigfoot suppose I tell you anyway ? doc why should you ? bigfoot just so we know where we be ' at 's as you people say . doc how about I put my finger in my ear and scream if you try and tell I ? bigfoot you will not do that . doc really ? why do not I ? bigfoot because you be one of the few hippie pothead in this town that appreciate the distinction between childlike and childish . besides ... it 's right up you alley -- we be officially call it a neck injury -- doc plug he ear and start to make noise " blah , blah , blah . " bigfoot smack he hand away . bigfoot Dr. blatnoyd have puncture wound on he throat , consistent with bite from canine of a midsize wild animal . that 's what the coroner find . doc well , now that 's mighty weird , bigfoot . because rudy blatnoyd be one of the partner in a tax dodge that call itself the Golden fang enterprise . I do not suppose you have the sid test out that neck puncture for gold or nothin ' like that ? 83 . bigfoot I should not think there would be much trace . gold be all but chemically inactive , as you might have learn in chemistry class if you have not be ditching all the time to score dope . doc what happen to locard 's Exchange principle ? every contact leave trace ? it would sure be ironic , man , be all I be say , if it turn out blatnoyd be bit to death by a golden fang . or even better , like two golden fang . bigfoot I do not see why anything like that would be material ? doc because it 's the fuck Golden fang . bigfoot the descendent 's tax shelter . so what ? doc not just a tax shelter , bigfoot . maybe something much more , more vast . bigfoot and this would not be just more of you paranoid hippie bullshit , would it ? doc and have the lab look for trace of copper . not the kind that go stumbling all over the crime scene contaminate evidence -- more like copper , the metal ? see , gold tooth be never pure gold , dentist like to alloy it with copper ? if you have not ditch forensics class to go steal hubcap to plant on some innocent hippie , you might have know that . Doc get up and leave . bigfoot Bet you almost feel like a cop now , doc. CUT to : 76 r76 a77 b77 84 . omitted 76 int . doc' car ( drive ) r76 to chryskyldon . Doc and sortilege , drive in a canyon - type area ... sortilege ... where you off to ? doc someplace up in ojai call chryskylodon . sortilege chryskylodon ? Animal tooth ? doc ancient indian word mean ' serenity . 's sortilege I minore in the classic at Stanford , that 's not indian , it 's ancient Greek . doc you go to Stanford ? sortilege it mean ' Animal tooth make out of gold . 's ( pause ) have I tell you lately how strong I think you moral be , Doc ? doc thanks , ' lege . turn into drive shot approaching chryskylodon ... ext . gate at chryskylodon - day at7 Doc go through a security check . patted down by security guard who be hold gun . CUT to : ext . chryskylodon - day b77 Doc drive up -- establish shot ... see building . CUT to : c77 77 78 85 . ext . chryskyldon - day c77 arrival and greeting , handshake outside ... CUT to : int . dine room - day 77 Doc walk through with dr . threeply and staff ... dr . threeply this be we administrative Lounge ... we chenin blanc come from the Institute 's own vineyard ... Hand 's steady as a rock today , kimberly ? KIMBERLY so happy you notice , Dr. threeply ... more soup , Dr. igor ? dr . igor thank you , kimberly . int . other area - day 78 Tour continue ... picture of sloane wolfmann ... sign under construction that partially read , " make possible through the selfless generosity of a devote friend of chryskylodon . " doc what 's in here ? dr . threeply a brand new wing for housing we noncompliant case unit ... Doc see a bunch of kid clean the place ... etc ... photo of sloane , etc ... sortilege ( v.o. ) Doc be visit by the creepy feel that somewhere close by , in some weird indeterminate space whose resident be not sure where they be , inside or out of the frame , might indeed be some version of mickey , not quite in the same way that the lady with the big check be a version of sloane , but alter and -- he shiver -- maybe mentally or even physically compromise . if sloane be endow looney bin with mickey 's money , why not take some credit ? why be anonymous ? 86 . doc Nice . dr . threeply come , let 's continue ... a79 int . movie theater - lobby / hallway - day at9 walk the hallway -- two version -- with dialogue and without . staff assistant have you be with we here before , Mr. sportello ? I know I have see you face ... doc first time I have be down here ... normally I do not get much south of South City . dr . threeply and ab-normally ? doc what ? dr . threeply I only mean that with any number of qualified facility in the Bay Area , why bother come all the way down here to we ? doc I believe that just as chakra can be identify on the human body , so do the body Earth have this special place , concentration of spiritual energy , grace , if you will , and that ojai , for the presence of Mr. J. krishnamurti alone , certainly qualify as one of the more bless of planetary chakra , which regrettably cannot be say for San Francisco or its immediate vicinity ... burke stodger ? dr . threeply part of we burke stodger marathon . all burke , all day . 24 hour of stodger . it 's quite popular with we patient ... Doc and the tour poke they head in ... burke stodger on the screen ... Doc watch all the kid watch burke stodger ... CUT to : 79 87 . int . steam tunnel - day 79 Doc and tour continue ... dr . threeply come ... see we Advanced therapy Group ... Doc advance , see a bunch of chanter in white robe ... «+. the soft SOUND of distant chanting . a group of six or so in flow robe / hood ... Doc look a little closer -- one of they be coy harlingen ... a big orderly be sit in a nearby chair . he 's roll he tie up under he chin , hold it there , then lift he chin and let the tie fall back down ..... doc' Pov the tie unroll , revealing hand painted naked shasta with her ass stuck out . straight from mickey 's tie Collection . the orderly roll the tie back up to he chin ... Doc 's Pov tilt up from the tie to see the swastika on top of the orderly head ... be this puck beaverton ???? back to scene dr . threeply any question ? doc do that man have a swastika on he head ? dr . threeply no , he do not . that 's a ancient hindu symbol meaning ' all be well . 's it bring good fortune , luck and well - be , what do you mean ? doc only that it look like a swastika to I ... dr . threeply he be not a regular employee of the Institute , perhaps you should pay no attention to that man ... doc ah-huh . 88 . a moment of eye contact between orderly / puck and doc ... CUT to : int . lobby 80 Doc continue on tour ... dr . threeply next , we will see the Institute 's own Zen garden import from Kyoto . each pebble , each grain of white sand be transport and reassemble here exactly in place ... a staff associate run up . staff associate Doctor -- there 's a problem with the volt generator in the dungeon ... ( alternate ) Doctor , there 's a break volt generator in the dungeon ... ( alternate ) Doctor -- the electroshock machine be act fussy again ... dr . threeply Excuse I , Mr. sportello ... he leave . Doc go snooping ... int . hallway - day 81 kid clean hallway ... Doc walk down ... 0.s. voice " pssssssst . " he go into a -- room coy be there ... coy think of check yourself in ? doc more like lookin ' for a way to get outta here . could not afford it . I think you be suppose to be clean this day -- what be you do here ? coy bi-monthly checkup . 89 . doc why can not you just leave , coy ? coy it 's part of the job , it 's part of be dead ... doc you can not go back to you family , because if you do ...? coy it would be my ass . I have tell you . doc or maybe you be as addict to this as you be some other thing ... coy this be a higher discipline . they see something in I I do not know I have . doc you be a snitch , man . coy I have a gift for project alternate personality -- doc a spy and a weasel -- coy I have a addictive personality . doc you be a stool pigeon , what about you girl , then ? what about that ? coy why be you mad at I ? doc I be not mad at you ... coy what else be I gonna do ? the baby be gonna die -- doc -- you make a choice , coy -- coy I make the only one I have , man -- do not everybody wish they have a different life ? a82 82 90 . doc I be not mad at you , coy , I be just -- what the fuck ? with that , coy be go again ... doc hear chanting again ... something draw Doc to the window ... he see : puck beaverton ... lead the group of chanter in robe ... sortilege ( v.o . ) it be occur to Doc now something someone say once about vertical integration ... that if the Golden fang can get its customer strung out , why not turn around and sell they a program to help kick ? get they come and go , twice as much revenue and no worry about new customer ... as long as american life be something to be escape from , the cartel could always be sure of a bottomless pool of new customer . ext . ground - day a82 Doc follow puck ... ext . another area - day 82 Doc follow puck through the water ... lead he to a bungalow surround by FBI ... Doc see mickey wolfmann . Doc get closer ... and talk to mickey ... who 's loung on a patio / deck area -- doc mickey ... mickey «+. ( hello , little hippie ... how be you ? ) doc what be you doin ' here ? mickey they be help I wake up from my bad hippie dream ... doc what do you dream ? mickey ... what do you dream ? 83 , 85 84 91 . mickey I dream I give away all my money ... ( I spend my whole life make people pay for shelter ... ... when all along I do not realize it should have be for free ... ) doc who 's bring you here ? mickey my friend ... doc ( .--) mickey the bigger my setback , the bigger my comeback ... doc ... mickey ... where 's shasta ? mickey get emotional ... FBI step away from the subject ... CUT to : omitted 83 , 84 int . FBI - holding room - day ( version 1 ) 85 flatweed and borderline question doc : flatweed you be make thing awkward . this curiosity of the Michael wolfmann matter be inappropriate . doc mickey ? no longer even a active case for I , man , fact , I never even make a ticket on it , ' cause nobody be payin 's I . flatweed yet , you be up here . doc look into something totally else . I can see how busy you fellow be , so rather than keep you , I think I will just ... like , fuckin ' run ? 92 . int . holding area ( version 2 ) FBI agent flatweed come in ... flatweed you somewhat out on the probability curve and sure merit a closer look . doc how close be that , you be already upside my face here . flatweed I would say you be the one who 's too close . you recognize that subject , do not you ? doc elvis , be it ? flatweed you be make thing awkward . this curiosity of the Michael wolfmann matter be inappropriate . doc mickey ? no longer even a active case for I , man , fact , I never even make a ticket on it , ' cause nobody be payin 's I . flatweed yet , you pursue he all the way here . doc I be here look into totally something else . flatweed then you will not mind my share a think . it 's you hippie . you be make everybody crazy . we would always assume that Michael 's conscience would never be a problem . after all he year of never appear to have one . suddenly he decide to change he life and give away million to a assortment of degenerate -- negroes , longhair , drifter . do you know what he say ? we have it on tape . ' I feel as if I have awaken from a dream of a crime for I can never atone , a act I can never go back and choose not to commit . ( more ) 93. flatweed ( cont 'd ) I can not believe I spend my whole life make people pay for shelter , when it ought to have be free . it 's just so obvious . 's doc you memorize all that ? flatweed another advantage of a marijuana - free life . you might want to try it . doc I can see how busy you fellow be so rather than keep you , I think I will just ... like , fuckin 's run ? int . chryskolodon - holding area - later ( version 3 ) flatweed and borderline question doc : flatweed you be somewhat out on the probability curve and sure merit a closer look . doc how close be that , you be already upside my face here . flatweed I would say you be the one who 's too close . you recognize that subject , do not you ? doc elvis , be it ? flatweed you be make thing awkward . this curiosity of the Michael wolfmann matter be inappropriate . doc mickey ? no longer even a active case for I , man , fact , I never even make a ticket on it , ' cause nobody be payin 's I . flatweed yet , you pursue he all the way here . doc I be here look into totally something else . 86 , 88 87 omitted 94 . flatweed then you will not mind my share a think . it 's you hippie . you be make everybody crazy . doc so you guy have you own idea about how mickey should be spend he money ? flatweed yes we do . there 's better place it can go -- just look at Mr. Howard Hughes ... doc ... Howard Hughes ... flatweed buy the Desert Inn Hotel and casino , a fine investment in the future of Las Vegas . doc .-. Las Vegas ... borderline -- we would always assume Michael 's conscience would never be a problem after all he year of never appear to have one . suddenly he decide to give away million to negroes , longhair and drifter . doc my bad luck and lousy timing . man see the light , try to change he life , my one big chance to rescue somebody from the clutches of the system , and I be too late . I can see how busy you fellow be , so rather than keep you , I think I will just ... like , fuckin 's run ? CUT to : 86 , 87 closeup - newspaper 88 " mickey wolfmann re-emerges ! open New casino in Las Vegas . " 89 95 . sortilege ( v.o. ) so in the never-end battle between the FBI and the mafia for control over Las Vegas ... score one for the FBI ... mickey wolfmann 's money would be now spend a different way , open the kismet Hotel and casino ... no more acid-head philanthropist , no more arrpentimiento ... he be now back with sloane and the kid and back to he greedy - ass way ... image include a groundbreaking ceremony with mickey , look reprogrammed . sloane smile . FBI line up behind he ... etc. , etc. , etc . CUT to : int . doc' apartment - dusk 89 Doc at home . watch '' adam - 12 '' with bigfoot do some extra work . doc look up to he door . doc hi , shasta . reveal : inside the apartment , in beach wear , T-shirt , flower print bikini bottom . shasta hi , Doc . which be all it take . he slide the newspaper casually down to conceal he hard - on . doc either I be on the time machine or you be back . shasta I have be away . doc where ? shasta up north . family stuff . anything be happen down here ? doc you friend in the construction business ? shasta oh , that 's all over ... 90 96 . doc you get a load of people out lookin ' for you , shasta ... shasta well , here I be . doc .-. he be not back by any chance ? shasta some rumor . he 's back with sloane and the kid and so what ? c'est la vie . doc que sera , sera ? shasta something like that ... doc I like you necklace ... CUT to : another angle 90 the phone ring ... Doc answer . shasta mingle around the edge , get a beer , smoke a joint , Doc watch she ... intercut with : int . bigfoot house his kid scream and kill each other in the b.g . bigfoot Word be you girlfriend 's back . doc oh , yeah ? and she front 's not so bad either . bigfoot where have you be ? doc no place I would recommend . bigfoot any development on the coy harlingen matter ? any of they include young , what be he name again ... beaverton ? doc any result on that fang mark ? bigfoot nothing yet from Dr. noguchi 's people . they seem very upset with I for suggest lab work -- doc only think it would be a helpful tip to a fellow professional . just try save you some trouble down the line , be all . bigfoot how 's that ? doc when you own hearing come up . bigfoot my , sportello -- what be you suggest ? doc one county supervisor with a bug up he ass be all it take to bring you down , bigfoot -- total silence . doc bigfoot ? a extension be pick up and we hear mrs . bigfoot get on the phone . mrs . bigfoot this be Mrs. chastity bjornsen , and if that be one more sociopathic ' special employee 's of my husband , I will thank you to stop harass he on he day off -- bigfoot there , there my little boysenberry . sportello 's only be indulge in he idea of humor . mrs . bigfoot Doc sportello ? the Doc sportello ? Mr. Moral turpitude himself ! have you any idea of the therapist bill around here for which you be directly responsible ? bigfoot the Department pick up most of that , honey -- 91 doc hang up .. 98. mrs . bigfoot after a deductible that would choke a fucking horse !!! 91 shasta what kind of girl do you need , Doc ? maybe a thing for that Manson chick ? doc well , thing ... that depend what you -- be you sure you wanna be do that ? she 's unbuttone she shirt and be rub she nipple . shasta submissive , brainwash , horny little teener who do exactly what you want before you even know what that be . you do not even have to say a word out loud , they get it all by esp . you kind of chick , Doc ? doc you the one that 's be stealin ' my magazine ? she slide out of she shirt and down on she knee , crawl over and grab he hard - on ... shasta now , what would Charlie do ? doc probably not this ... Doc light a joint ... he hold it for she to smoke ... doc look , I be sorry about mickey , but ... shasta mickey ... mickey could have teach all you swinging beach bum a thing or two . he be just so powerful . sometimes he could almost make you feel invisible . fast , brutal , not what you would call a considerate lover , a animal , actually , but sloane adore that about he , and luz -- you could tell , we all do . ( more ) 99 . shasta ( cont 'd ) it 's so nice to be make to feel invisible that way sometimes ... doc yeah . and guy love to hear this shit like this . shasta he would bring I to lunch in beverly Hills , one big hand all the way around my bare arm , steering I blind down out of that bright street into some space where it be dark and cool and you could not smell any food , only alcohol -- they would all be drink , table full of they , in a room that could have be any size , and they all know mickey , they want , some of they , to be mickey ... he might as well have be bring I in on a leash . he keep I in that micro minidress , never allow I to wear anything underneath ... just offer I to whoever want to stare . or grab . or sometimes he would fix I up with he friend . and I would have to do whatever they want ... doc why be you tell I all this ? she drape herself over he and play with she pussy . shasta oh , I be sorry , Doc . do you want I to stop ? if my girlfriend have run away to be the buy - and - sell whore of some scumbag developer ? I would just be so angry I do not know what I would do . well , no , I be even lie about that , I know what I would do . if I have the faithless little bitch over my lap like this -- and they be fuck . CUT to : 92 same scene - later 92 Doc and shasta together . shasta this do not mean we be back together . beat . 100 . doc ' course not . doc you do not get that necklace up north do you ? shasta I go on a boat ride . doc like a three - hour tour ? shasta they tell I I be precious cargo that could not be insure because of inherent vice . doc what 's that ? shasta I do not know ... something on you mind ? doc I meet a friend of yours ... shasta who 's that ? doc coy harlingen . and he 's clean . shasta glad to hear it . Long may he wave . doc he 's be work as a snitch for the lapd , and I also see he on the tube work undercover for this outfit call vigilant California ... and you do not look surprised enough , shasta , he 's mean to be dead ... shasta then I guess that one 's on my ticket because it be I who introduce he to burke stodger and burke who set he up with the viggy ... doc help I out here , how do you know burke stodger ? 101 . shasta we be neighbor in hancock Park . doc do not think you like that kindsa movie ... shasta I see he on a ' brady bunch 's episode once . we walk we dog at the same time each morning ... doc which one ? shasta which one what ? doc which episode ? shasta Jan get a wig . get tired of be a blonde . doc not the same thing as change you politics , I guess . shasta I tell he I have a friend who need to kick drug -- and he tell I he know a program that really work ... and then coy just disappear . doc «+. and be you see mickey then ? shasta «» -. god , you be a nosy fuck , be not you ? doc put it this way ... how do you and coy 's wife get along ? shasta be I run around on mickey ? what a thing to ask . doc when do I -- shasta in case you have not figure it out , I be never the sweetest girl in the business ... ( more ) 102 . shasta ( cont 'd ) ... but there be no reason for I to waste a minute on a sick junkie like coy ... he be not my charity project and if you stop to think about some of the girl you have hang out with ... doc alright -- whatever you mean to do , shasta , you end up save coy 's life ... now he 's a snitch for the lapd and a undercover agent for the viggy and maybe the Golden fang -- the outfit , not the boat -- and there 's a few stiff so far that may or may not be on he karmic ticket . shasta I should be say ' coy 's a big boy and he can take care of himself , 's but the only thing be I do not think he can ... doc but whatever this people be into , it be not help junky get back on the straight and narrow ... what do he think be gonna happen ? that cover story about he be dead fall apart from the second he start use it ? what the hell be he think ? shasta «+. what do you think be gonna happen when you get into you whole p.i. trip ? doc different situation . shasta oh ? Far as I can see , you and coy , you be peas in a pod . doc how 's that ? I be not work for they . shasta cop who never want to be cop . doc yeah , but I be not work for any of that folk ... 93 beach ( note : ( note : 103 . shasta Rather be surfing or smoking or fuck or anything else but what you be do . doc yeah , but I be not work for anyone , shasta , I be a force for the good . shasta you guy must have think you would be chase criminal , and instead here you be both work for they . doc ouch . shasta courage , camile . you be still a long way from lapd material ... ( sorry ... I be just be actressy , Doc . I love that zinger , I can not resist ‘em ... ) CUT to : 93 see pg. 314 . shasta and Doc walk , etc ... ) sortilege ( v.o. ) could that be true ? all this time , Doc assume he would be out busting he ball for folk who , if they pay he anything it would be half a lid or a small favor down the line or maybe only just a quick smile , long as it be real . he begin to run through the cash customer he could remember , start with crocker Fenway and go on through studio executive , stock market heroes of the go - go year , remittance man from far away who need new pussy or dope connection , rich old guy with cute young wife and vice versa ... it be sure a piss -poor record , not too different , after all , he guess , from interest coy have be work for . forget who -- what be he work for anymore ? poss . actressy line here on beach , post - narr . ) 94 104 . ext . waste a perp shoot range - day ( or int . phone 94 call ) Doc come to see bigfoot who 's in the chicano / negro / hippie section . bigfoot Mrs. bjornsen send she regards . doc can I say something out loud , be anybody listen ? bigfoot everybody . nobody . do it matter ? doc alright , then : correct I if I be mistaken , bigfoot , but it 's clear to I that you be desperate to have a word with adrian Prussia but can not let on , because otherwise you be in deep shit with power unnamed -- so you be use I instead -- have I get that more or less right ? bigfoot we be in sensitive territory here , sportello . doc well , somebody 's gonna have to be less sensitive for a minute and just wipe off they chin and stand up and deal with it . if there 's something you need , just come on out and say it , how hard can that be ? bigfoot pretty hard . Internal affair have it all lock down . doc Internal affair , what do Internal affair have to do with this ? bigfoot figure it out . use what 's leave of you brain . the trouble with you people be that you never know when somebody 's do you a favor -- you think you be entitle because you be cute or something . go look in the mirror sometime . ( more ) 95 105 . bigfoot ( cont 'd ) ' dig 's yourself , ' man , 's till you understand nobody owe you anything . then get back to I . CUT to : int . hall of justice - day 95 doc come into see current girlfriend : penny kimball . her cubicle mate be a straight - look da rhus frothingham . rhus be you all right ? should I call security ? penny ( to Doc ) be i? doc only wonder when you would be free for dinner . do not mean to freak you out . I will even spring for it . penny I be fine , rhus , thank you . ( as he leave ) listen , would you mind if we just go back to my place ? doc wait ... what ? penny and we can pick up a pizza on the way . doc a pizza ? penny I can hear you get a hard - on . doc well , okay , I will see you back at you place -- no , no , no , wait a minute , I come here for a reason -- penny what be it ? doc I need to look at somebody 's jacket . ancient history , but it 's probably under lock and key ... 106 . penny that 's it ? no big deal , we do that all the time . doc what , break into officially seal record ? and here I have all this faith in the system . penny oh , doc. grow up . what 's the name ? doc adrian Prussia . penny ewwwwwwww . really ?... that would be a Internal affair file . doc Internal affair ? what do Internal affair have to do with this ? penny adrian Prussia have be book on murder one charge more time than I can remember ... and each time , he 's walk ... doc so what be you guy do wrong ? penny last time be call a justifiable homicide of one of the lapd 's very own ... doc who? penny you friend 's partner ... doc what 's that ? which friend ? hang on . penny bigfoot . doc what what now ? penny adrian 's like the lapd be own personal hitman , do deed for they that they will not do themselves ... 107 . doc and you know all this because ...? penny everyone do . State Attorney General 's office have be after he for year but nobody can touch he , partly because of this interesting portfolio of i0 we he have -- and that 's always enough to guarantee obedience . doc obedience to who ? penny commander . controller . the Department itself . doc so someone inside the lapd order a hit on bigfoot 's partner ? penny you think it 's all some monolithic fun fest down here , Doc ? nothing to do all day but figure out new way to persecute you hippie ? doc do you change you hair ? penny somebody talk I into see this hotshot on rodeo drive . he put this streak in and call it the surfer chick special -- doc for I ? doc who else ? penny or maybe you would go for lynette squeaky fromme - type look ? doc Long and curly ? well , huh ? penny thing for that Manson chick ? doc wait a minute ... penny Word around you go in for that sort of thing ... 96 108 . Doc be speechless . doc why be I here again ? penny you want to see a restrict file . ( adrian Prussia . ) doc so adrian Prussia kill bigfoot 's partner with the apparent collaboration of element within the Department . everybody know he do the deed but there 's no back channel outcry in the paper , no vigilante revenge by horrify fellow officer ... no , instead it 's lock up tight for the next thirty year , everybody pretend it 's another cop hero fall in the line of duty . forget about decency , or respect the memory of all the real dead - cop heroes -- how can people be that fuckin ' unprofessional ? penny be tear up ... Doc see she 's human . doc penny ? closeup - doc 96 look at adrian Prussia 's internal affayr file . he see of picture of adrian onboard the golden fang ... sortilege ( v.o. ) what Doc be see now be something that make he heart hurt ... that bigfoot 's pain be deep . that adrian Prussia work not only as a what seem to be a personal loan shark for the lapd but moon - light as they own personal contract - killer -- do deed for they that they could not do themselves . time after time , he be pull in , question , arraign , indicted , no matter -- somehow the case never quite get to trial , each be bargain down in the interest of justice , not to mention adrian , who invariably walk . and one of that deed appear to be ( more ) 97 98 109 . sortilege ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) label ' the justifiable homicide 's of one of the lapd be very own name Vincent indelicato ... bigfoot 's partner . Lieutenant detective Christian f. bigfoot bjornsen ... this be mourn all right , and it be deep . bigfoot 's air of possess melancholy now make sense . CUT to : ext . ap finance - day 97 adrian Prussia Finance be somewhere between downtown and South Central and the wash . Doc pull up , park , look around ... there 's a bunch of men loitering around ... Doc notice they , they notice he ... sortilege ( v.o. ) Doc know he have need to see adrian Prussia at some point ... he would really be avoid it , mostly because bigfoot be push he towards it -- but here he be : look for something he do not want to find and see someone he do not want to see -- ( and where 's the partner to watch Doc 's back ? ) ( alternate ) ( wonder , ' where 's the partner to watch my back ? ) off in the distance bigfoot watch ... CUT to : int . ap finance - day 98 it 's nondescript office . a secretary be here : secretary May I help you ? doc I be here to see adrian Prussia , my name be Doc sportello . secretary yes . May I tell he what it 's regard ? boc ( .+-) 99 secretary what be it regard ? doc bigfoot bjornsen . int . adrian' office - moment later doc be let in by the Secretary . he enter . cover ... wall - to- wall with baseball bat .. sit behind a desk ... 110 . CUT to : 99 it 's - adrian be doc afternoon ... adrian so , you here about ... ( bigfoot ) doc good question . adrian wait-a-minute . this be bullshit , I remember you -- the kid from fritz 's shop out in Santa monica , right ? I leat you my special edition Carl yastrzemski bat once , to collect from that child - support deadbeat you chase down the Greyhound and pull he off of , and then you would not use it . doc I try to explain at the time , it have to do with how much I have always admire yaz ? adrian there 's no place for that in this business . so what be you up to this day ? skip trace or would you go into the priesthood ? doc pi . adrian they give you a license ? so who send you here ? who you work for today ? doc all on spec . all on my own time . 111 . adrian wrong answer . how much of you own time do you think you get leave , kid ? adrian press a buzzer under he desk ... doc I be just about to ask ... enter : puck beaverton . doc howdy ... puck ... puck do I know you ? I do not think I do . doc you look like somebody I run across once . my mistake . puck you mistake . adrian I have a busy day ahead . and I know nothing of any of this . puck sit at adrian 's desk and light up a very large joint . he take a hit , hand it over to Doc ... Doc notice puck wear the same seashell necklace as shasta . puck it help to have a bad memory sometimes ..... ( you do not take my advice . ) so what can I help you with today ? doc I be not sure . it 's this case I be work on ... wonder if you can shed some light on the wind out at Channel View estate with Glen charlock ? puck Glen be the target all along . that outfit he be runnin ' gun for do not trust he anymore than the Brotherhood who shitlist he for be a traitor to he race ... doc and what about mickey wolfmann ... 112. puck mickey just see thing he should not have . the boy in the John Wayne outfit at Channel View panicked and hustle he away -- then the fed find out -- here 's a acid-head billionaire about to give away all he money -- and , of course , they have they own idea on how to spend it -- then they program mickey into ojai for a little brain work . doc while we be just talk here -- do you know a detective name Vincent indelicato ? puck sure. doc he meet a untimely end -- any idea on what might have happen puck that be adrian' . but I get to pull the trigger ... doc «+ . so who hire adrian ? puck it 's cop -on - cop . kind of a waste of time to try and figure out ... doc ... why be you tell I all this ? puck after faithful attendance at ninja School in boyle Heights , I have become a master in the technique know as false inhale -- acid invite you through a door . pcp open the door , shove you through , slam it behind you and lock it . CUT to black . over black sortilege ( v.o. ) so commence a classic and memorable bummer ... 100 113 . fade in : int . room with window 100 pcp trip . there be two doc , one on each side of a window in a strange room . poc # 2 hi. doc you look just like you do in the mirror . poc # 2 groovy , because you do not look like anything , in fact you be invisible . doc how can you see I ? poc # 2 because I be lookin ' right at you . how come you ask so many question ? doc that 's my job . like , what I do . poc # 2 and perhaps you could get a fuckin ' haircut . doc turn and look at another window . there 's a large black - hooded figure with no face . golden fang as you may have already gather -- I be the Golden fang . doc like J. Edgar Hoover ' be 's the FBI ? golden fang not exactly ... they have name themselves after they worst fear . I be the unthinkable vengeance they turn to when one of they have grow insupportably troublesome , when all other sanction have fail . doc okay if I ask you something ? 101 114 . golden fang about Dr. blatnoyd . Dr. blatnoyd have a fatality for rogue profit share activity of which he coadjustor have take a dim view . doc so you ... eat he up ? golden fang sunk this into he -- Doc walk towards the Golden fang , unable to do anything else , it embrace he , and then eat he alive . voice ( 0.s. ) he 's freaking out ... doc be not . there's a blur and blast of noise . another angle - later 101 Doc come out of the pcp fog and realize he 's be handcuffed to something . a bed ? his gun be go . he 's in deep shit . he 's able to peer out a window , he 's on the second floor of someplace with a warehouse . there 's a car and a motorcycle park here ... puck be here .... puck do not know you be a weekend warrior ... I could have go cheap and use beer ... special treat for you today , Doc . we just get in a shipment of pure number four , not a white guy 's finger laid on it between the Golden triangle and you own throbbin ' vein , and there 's worse way to be remove forever from the major- pain - in- the - ass list . just let I step out here and get you some . do not go away now . puck leave ... close the door and lock it on the outside ... doc , still in a pcp fog ... start pulling the handcuff around he wrist that be attached to the bed post ... break it . like a animal he tear the bedpost apart . he stand up on the chair , unscrew the light bulb . it 's pitch black . he wait . 115 . puck open the door ... Doc whip the toilet seat into he face , then instantly smashes he foot down into puck 's knee , bring he down .... a tray and needle and dope fall to the floor from puck' hand . Doc take the syringe from the floor , draw up the dope and plunge it straight into puck 's jugular . he get he gun off puck ... adrian ( 0.s. ) puck ? puckie ? doc get he gun off puck' dead body ... and go into the hallway ... adrian fire a shot that hit a go behind doc -- that ring out through the rest of the scene . Doc crouch behind a sofa , take off he sandal and throw it in the general direction of adrian ... this draw a shot from the patio from adrian . muzzle flash . smoke ... doc train he gun up ... wait until he see a dense patch of moving shadow and fire off three round ... there's a faint SOUND ... and there's no SOUND after that . doc wait until he hear some invisible crying , breathing in the room somewhere : doc that you , adrian ? adrian I be fuckin ' lunch meat ... oh , shit ... doc do I get you ? adrian you get I . doc fatal , I hope ? adrian feel like it . doc how can I know for sure ? adrian maybe it will be on news at 11 , asshole . 102 116 . doc stay there . try not to croak , I will call this in . doc get into the kitchen and call a ambulance ... below the kitchen , he hear movement in the garage . he creep down for a look , he pistol ready -- inside the garage 102 it 's bigfoot , who 's unload a bunch of heroin pack from adrian 's lincoln Continental and into a ' 65 impala ... doc bigfoot ? bigfoot , what the fuck ? bigfoot take care of ‘em okay , doc? doc you fuckin ' lunatic . what be this ? bigfoot I be in enough shit personally with the captain and I have see you on the range ... Nice work . bigfoot put the parcel into he car ... doc and that there , be that what I think it be ? bigfoot well ... it 's only one . there 's more . enough leave for evidence . doc bigfoot , bigfoot , I see the movie , man , and as I recall , that character come to a bad end . bigfoot I have obligation . expense . doc this be the Golden fang you be about to rip off here , man . the fully fuckin ' weird outfit that kill people -- bigfoot that 's accord to you own delusional system -- ++. cop and STUFF start to approach in the distant b.g ... 117 . bigfoot get in the car . doc fuck you , bigfoot . you be a fuck lunatic . bigfoot get in the car . bigfoot get Doc in the car . CUT to : 103 int . bigfoot car ( moving ) 103 they be drive . doc be silent , he look out the window that 's open ... wind blow ... bigfoot 's drive fast . doc you be the lapd 's own Charlie Manson ... where be we go ? bigfoot we have to impound you car again . CUT to : 104 ext . canoga park tow yard - night 104 doc be wait out front of the tow yard ... fill out some paperwork ... bigfoot be around back ... he take a kilo out of he trunk and plant it in Doc 's trunk ... bigfoot bring Doc 's car around , hand he key ... doc maybe I should take a small commission for do you dirty work . bigfoot but that would put you on the fucking payroll , wouldn't it ????? bigfoot get in he car and drive off ... Doc get in he car ... sortilege ( whisper ) doper 's esp , Doc ... doper 's esp ... listen to it ... 105 106 118 . int . denis ' apartment - night 105 Doc have put the heroin into a cardboard tv BOX . Denis be here with jade ... they hide it in Denis ' apartment . denis what be it ? jade a new tv !!!! CUT to : int . doc' place - morning 106 it 's the next morning . doc be sit on he couch . he 's wait for the phone to ring , drink coffee . tv play something ... JOHN garfield , he ran all the Way . the phone ring . doc hello ? male it 's sure be a long time ... doc and you name be ... male this be crocker Fenway . doc japonica 's dad ? japonica 's go miss again ? crocker fenway ( v.o. ) you have something that belong to some people I represent and they would like it back ... doc so not that it 's any of my business , but you be a principal in all this ? crocker fenway ( v.o. ) it 's only because of I and we small transaction over japonica that you be still alive ... doc ever so grateful , sir ... so what do we do ? I would come to you house , but do not you live behind a gate in a already gated community ? 107 119 . crocker fenway ( v.o. ) you people do humor ? doc well ... more like practicality . CUT to : int . restaurant ( location tbd ) - later 107 Doc be here , try to keep it together . crocker Fenway ( 5as , white , lawyer ) slide into a booth with he and look at he , order a rum and Coke . doc «+. how 's the family ? crocker fenway Mrs. Fenway still look like the Gross National product and japonica be fine , if that 's what you mean . doc yeah , think I see old japonica at my doctor 's office just the other day ... by the way , do you ever run into a dentist name rudy blatnoyd ? crocker fenway yes , I do seem to recall the name , perish in a trampoline accident , do not he ? doc the lapd 's not sure it be a accident . crocker fenway and you be wonder if I do it ? what possible motive would I have ? just because the man prey on a emotionally vulnerable child , tore she from the embrace of a loving family , force she to engage in sexual practice that might appall even a sophisticate like yourself -- do that mean I would have any reason to see he miserable pedophile career come to a end ? what a vindictive person you must imagine I . doc you know ... I do suspect he be fuck he receptionist . ( more ) 120 . doc ( cont 'd ) but I mean , what dentist do not , it 's some oath they all have to take in dentist school , and anyhow that 's a long way from strange and weird sex . be not it ? crocker fenway how about when he force my little girl to listen to original cast album of Broadway musical while he have he way with she ? doc japonica 's legal age now , be not she ? crocker fenway in a father 's eye , they be always too young . beat . they look at each other . crocker fenway to the matter at hand . doc so I suppose you want you drug back . and I also suppose you think I want some money -- but what if it do not have to be in the form of money ... crocker fenway well , money would be a lot easier . doc I have be more concerned about the safety of some people . crocker fenway ... how much of a threat be they to my principle ? doc there 's a saxophone player name coy harlingen , who 's be work undercover for different antisubversive outfit , include the lapd . he 's come to feel lately that he make the wrong career choice . it lose he he family and he freedom . like you , he have a only daughter . crocker fenway please . doc okay , well , anyway , now he want out . ( more ) 108 121 . doc ( cont 'd ) I think I can square it with the heat , but there 's this other bunch call vigilant California and ... well , whoever 's run they , of course . crocker fenway my guess be that they would prefer he do not disclose any confidential information . doc last thing he would ever do . crocker fenway you personal guarantee . doc I will go after he myself he try anything . crocker fenway that 's all you want . no money , now , you sure ? doc how much money would I have to take from you so I do not lose you respect ? crocker fenway people like you lose all claim to respect the first time they pay anybody rent . doc and when the first landlord decide to stiff the first renter for he security deposit , you whole fuck class lose everybody 's respect . crocker fenway ah , so you be look for what ? a refund ? plus how many year interest ? doc course . nothin ' to you . just a couple hundred buck to roll up and snort coke through ... CUT to : ext . shopping mall ( artesia and hawthorne ) - morning 108 it 's Sunday morning . empty parking lot . doc have bring denis along . jade be in the backseat ... they sit in ( some borrow ? ) car and wait ... 109 122 . denis «+ . you should be get something for you trouble ... doc I be get they word they will not hurt somebody . denis you believe that ? jade I think I be naive . doc good people get buy and sell every day . might as well trust somebody evil once in a while , it make no more or less sense . a '53 buick estate wagon carry a blond family : mother , father , EIGHT -year-old daughter and six - year -old son . golden fang operative . the mother be wear a tennis outfit , smoking a cigarette . the son have buzz cut and already look like a Marine and stare Doc down . the daughter look like she have a future in drug abuse . the father and doc take the dope and put it in the back of the station wagon ... mother hand over something to doc . doc what 's this ? daughter a credit card . do not hippie have they ? doc I must have mean , why 's you mom hand I this ? mother it be not for you . coy harlingen 's name on the card . they drive off . the daughter give Doc the finger . hold . CUT to : ext . topanga canyon house - day 109 Doc be wait in the car out front . there 's a buddhist priest walk around the yard with some girl groupy .-. he 's perform a exorcism ... coy emerge from the house ... look a little paranoid and confuse , walk to Doc , get in the car ... 110 111 123. coy everything 's cool ... doc drac 's a part of the band ? so ... the board be not so evil anymore ? coy maybe just confuse now and then ... you know a band that be not ? I be officially off everybody 's payroll . burke stodger call I personally ... CUT to : ext . coy / hope' house - later afternoon 110 drop coy off at he place . coy just breathes , emotional ... coy you know what the Indians say . you save my life , now you have -- doc yeah , yeah , some hippie make that up . you save you life , coy . now you get to live it . coy get out , walk up to he house and be greet at the door by hope and amethyst . hope and coy start make out ... hope wave to doc ... dissolve to : fish place - doc and sauncho - day 111 doc anything you can tell I about a inherent vice clause ? sauncho it 's what you can not avoid . doc like ... original sin ? sauncho stuff Marine policy do not like to cover . usually apply to cargo like egg break -- chocolate melt -- glass shatter , that sorta thing ... think of -- the phone at the bar ring , sauncho run for it ... he listen , then hang up ... 112 113 124 . sauncho they get she -- sauncho run out as fast as he can -- Doc on he heel . CUT to : ext . san pedro - day 112 Department of justice and Coast Guard boat have take hold of the Golden fang ... Doc and sauncho watch from the shore ... sauncho if she could be bring back in , into some kind of safe receivership and the owner do not come and claim she within a year and a day -- then she 's officially abandon . doc and then what ? sauncho I do not wanna jinx anything -- everybody start come out of the woodwork -- multiple insurer ; ex - old lady -- maybe one of you lowlife millionaire friend will end up steal she at auction -- but !... say there be a legal marine policy in force -- doc «+. you do not happen to take out a policy yourself , saunch ... sauncho if there 's litigation -- I will be on it . doc well ... I hope it work out for you , man . that boat and you really do belong together ... sauncho start sing " we should be together , " from Little miss Broadway . CUT to : int . doc' place - day 113 Doc be on he couch . long pause , then : bigfoot foot smashes he door down ... the door be shattered in a thousand piece . Doc look up scared shitless : 125 . bigfoot do not get up ... doc bigfoot . bigfoot , man ... smash down my door ?!?! come on , man ... bigfoot after a long and busy day of civil rights violation , I find myself in the neighborhood and compel to drop in ... just to check and see the current state of affair of my old stomping grounds . see as you effort to keep line of communication open with I have be limited to say the least ... doc I have be busy ... bigfoot try to figure out which side of the Zig - Zag paper be the sticky side ? then ... they both talk at the same time ... doc / bigfoot listen ... I be sorry about last night . you ? why should you be sorry ? the spell be break . doc weird . bigfoot extraordinary ... bigfoot look over Doc 's weed supply ... bigfoot start to eat doc' weed bag and joint . he swallows ... bigfoot take another big bite of doc' drug ... find some pill , eat they up , too . bigfoot this fuck gordita Beach have be curse from the jump . I have be try my whole life to get out of here . Indians live here long ago , they have a drug cult , smoke toloache which be jimsonweed , give themselves hallucination , delude themselves they be visit other reality -- why , come to think of it , not unlike the hippie freak of we present day . ( more ) 114 126 . bigfoot ( cont 'd ) they graveyard be sacred portal of access to the spirit world , not to be misus . and gordita Beach be build right on top of one . doc yeah ? and this spirit , can you , like , catch they , bigfoot ? bigfoot you plod along in pursuit , maybe only want to apologize and they fly away like the wind , and wait they moment ... he head for the door and walk into the wall . doc you okay , brother ? bigfoot I be not you brother . doc no ... but you could sure use a keeper . bigfoot walk out the door and fall over the balcony ... int . doc' car ( drive ) - night 114 Doc drive on the freeway . shasta be curl up in the passenger seat . a fog be roll in on the Santa monica freeway . headlights drift ahead and behind he ... shasta remember that day , the ouija board set we off into that big storm ? doc one of a couple thing I never forget -- do not know why . shasta this feel the same way , tonight . just we . together . almost like be underwater . the world , everything go someplace else . doc figure it be sortilege just settin ' we up . shasta no , she ... doc her ouija board ... 127 . shasta she know thing , Doc ... maybe about we that we do not know ... doc this do not mean we be back together . shasta course not . she drift -- off to sleep . sortilege ( v.o. ) Doc fall into a car convoy , move slowly , single lane through the fog . he figure if he miss the gordita Beach exit , he would take the first one whose sign he could read and work he way back on surface street . he know that at rosecran , the freeway begin to dogleg east , and at some point , hawthorne boulevard or artesia , he would lose the fog , unless it be spread tonight , and settle in region wide ... maybe then it would stay this way for day , maybe he would have to just keep drive , down past Long Beach , down through Orange County , and San Diego and across a border where nobody could tell anymore in the fog who be mexican , who be anglo , who be anybody . then again , he might run out of gas before that happen , and have to leave the caravan , and pull over on the shoulder , and wait . for whatever would happen . for a forget joint to materialize in he pocket . for the chp to come by and choose not to hassle he . for a restless blonde in a stingray to stop and offer he a ride . for the fog to burn off , and for something else this time , somehow , to be there instead . fade out . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . picture script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632