( contain revision date : ) Rev. 09/11/85 ( White ) Rev. 11/08/85 ( pink ) Rev. 12/03/85 ( Blue ) innerspace written by Jeffrey boam warner bros . inc . 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 rev . first draft August 6 , 1985 revise 12/3/85 * innerspace fade in : 1 int . HOTEL banquet room - night a crowded cocktail party be in progress . open bar and huge buffet table . a well - dress , predominantly male crowd in attendance . uniform from all branch of the military be in evidence everywhere . camera prowls through the room pick up random bit of conversation . a television news crew , report live from the scene , come into frame . news correspondent ( into hand - hold mike ; face mini-cam crew ) ... Bob , I think that you and the viewer at home can see that this room behind I be pack to overflow . former astronaut , Space shuttle crew member , Washington bigwig , Pentagon official ... well , you name it and they be here in San Francisco tonight to celebrate the 30th anniversary of NASA , the National Aeronautics and ... camera move off , eventually find : 2 lydia maxwell a knockout brunette in she early thirty . she be engage in earnest conversation with a man whose eye be see to wander over she anatomy as they talk . ( we will call he roving eye . ) camera pan to : 3 tuck pendelton emerging drunkenly into the banquet room from a door mark " no admittance " and crash head - on into a busboy with a load tray of dirty dish . the busboy be knock for a loop and the dish smash to the floor . tuck react with inebriated indignation . the " no admittance " sign . he point to tuck how come it say ' restroom ' when it 's really the damn kitchen !? innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 2 . the busboy look baffle , and tuck move off with he dignity intact . notice that he glass be empty , he shoulder he way to the bar . tuck ( to bartender ) cutty . up . as he wait for he drink , we see that tuck 's rugge good look be fade slightly and he once square jaw be in need of a closer shave . his navy captain 's uniform - stretch tightly across he chest -- suggest that several pound have be add since the last fitting . as tuck receive he drink from the bartender , a disturbance be hear to break out somewhere across the room : roving eye ( to lydia ; loudly ) what be you do !? that 's a tape recorder ! roving eye indicate a small Sony protrude from lydia 's clutch purse . roving eye you can not do that , young lady ! give that to I . he swipe the recorder from she purse . lydia hey ! other partygoer turn and look . blaze . he storm over . so do tuck . tuck what 's go on here ? lydia ( surprised to see he ) tuck !... tuck what 's the trouble , lydia ? lydia he steal my tape recorder . roving eye ( to tuck ) she be recording my conversation ! lydia I tell you I work for a newspaper . his eye * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 3 . roving eye this be a cocktail party , not a damn news conference ! lydia ( firmly ) give it back to I , please . tuck you hear the lady ... hand it over ! roving eye look startle by tuck 's abusive tone . tuck I say , hand it over ... ya damn pencil- neck civilian ! suddenly , the room fall silent , and tuck realize that all eye be upon he . roving eye Captain , you be drunk . tuck look embarrassed . he look down at he drink , then look up again with a big , foolish grin on he face . tuck well ... he 's right . I be drunk . ( to lydia ) guess I owe this folk a apology , lydia . she put she hand on he arm . lydia ( softly ) it 's okay , tuck . forget it . tuck pull away from she . tuck ( belligerently ) not until I apologize to this people ! ( for all to hear ) we get some real famous , all american hero - type with we tonight ! Space -walker , a ' moonwalker ... an' Earth -orbiter ! it 's obvious who tuck be talk about . they stand there in they crisp uniform , with short hair , erect posture and disapprove expression . tuck gentlemen ... ( belch ) ... I be sorry ... * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 4 . tuck be stand before a display of large rocket model chart the history of the space program . tuck ( indicate one of the rocket ) you boy have all go up in this baby . hat off to you . I envy you fella ... ( beat ) ... the most excitement I ever have be the time I land a crippled F - 14 on the deck of a rock flattop in zero visibility with the nose gear - tuck see rusty , one of the ex-astronaut in the crowd , turn away in disgust . tuck -- do not turn you back on I , rusty ... ( beat ) ... at least when my moment of truth come , I do not take a dump down the leg of my flightsuit ... if that ring any bell for you ! rusty look enraged . he advance toward tuck . but tuck stand he ground -- smile -- and drop rusty with a hook right fist . uproar ! two young marine rush up to tuck . first marine take it easy , Captain . tuck only two of you ? tuck raise he fist . the Marines exchange a look . they know that they have no alternative . second marine sorry , Captain . pow ! tuck take it on the chin . he go tumble backwards into the rocket display . the model bang into each other like fall dominos . onlooker gasp and scream . the tv News Crew hurry over . and roll tape . they turn on they light news correspondent ( to Marine ) who be he ? * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 4a . marine Captain tuck pendelton , mar 'am . the News correspondent look disappointed . news correspondent ( to crew ) kill it , boy . he 's nobody . tuck prop himself up on one elbow and work he jaw . lydia rush to he side . lydia oh , tuck ... be you all right ? tuck give she a daze expression . no one else offer assistance . they look upon tuck as a complete disgrace . then , one man come forward . dress in a business suit . tuck 's own age . clean cut . athletic-look . his name be pete blanchard . he offer tuck he hand . tuck look up at blanchard and smile sadly . tuck where 's you uniform , Pete ? blanchard pull tuck to he foot . blanchard I grow up , tuck . I wear a suit now . ( beat ) take he home , lydia . lydia begin to lead tuck away . but she leave he side for a brief moment to snatch back she tape recorder from roving eye ' unsuspecting hand . lydia pencil neck ! roving eye you should have you press credential revoke ! lydia write a letter to you congressman ! lydia march off , reclaim tuck who wait for she on totter leg , and head for the door . roving eye watch they go . beside he . Pete blanchard come up * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 4b . roving eye ( to blanchard ) I be my congressman . 4 * * * ext . HOTEL entrance - night tuck and lydia emerge from the hotel , tuck 's arm drape around lydia 's shoulder for support . lydia and you say you be not come tonight ! * * revise 11/8/85 no . 5 . tuck I say I be not invite . they approach the parking valet . check . 5 lydia hand he she claim int . lydia be car - traveling - night tuck be slump in the passenger seat as lydia drive he home . she glance at he with a concerned expression . tuck do not give I that look . lydia ( innocently ) what look ? tuck that ' poor pitiful tuck ' look . ( beat ) I have a great time tonight . I like get drunk . I enjoy be hit in the face . lydia roll she eye at tuck 's hopelessness . up the tape recorder from the car seat . tuck what 's on this , anyway ? lydia I be work on a story . tuck I should have guess . lydia it 's a good story . ( beat ) not that you will ever know , of course . you never read any of my article . tuck that 's not so . I read the one about I . lydia I think you only look at the picture . tuck well , you gotta admit , that be great picture . ( stroke he face ) maybe I should grow that mustache back . tuck pick * revise 11/8/85 6 . * tuck take a moment to mull this over , remove a pocket flask from beneath he uniform in the process . okay . tuck tell I about the story . lydia espionage in silicon Valley . the buy and sell of advanced technological secret . tuck hmm ... lydia that 's why I have my tape recorder with I . every high - tech company on the West Coast be represent at that party tonight . tuck well , you be right about one thing , lydia ... ( take a pull on the flask ) ... I be not gonna read it . 6 int . tuck' house - night tuck and lydia enter . tuck turn on a light . cramped , unkempt bachelor 's de . the place be a despite the usual clutter , lydia notice right away a new element in the disarray : biological chart , book and model . all of which pertain to the internal working of rabbit ! she pick up one of the model . lydia what 's this ? nothing . do . tuck just some homework I be tuck take it from she hand and put it down . tuck how about a drink ? lydia I can not stay , tuck . tuck just for a minute . ( beat ) I know what you would like : I fix you some tea ? tea ! can revise 11/8/85 7 . no , tuck . lydia I -- tuck go into the kitchen , begin to rummage through the cabinet . tuck what 's tea come in again ? a can ? a jar ? wait ... I remember . Little bag , right ? yeah ... here they be . lydia ( firmly ) I be not stay , tuck . tuck can see she mean it . his expression turn serious . tuck do not go , lydia . please stay . he put he arm around she . lydia tuck - he begin to nuzzle she neck . tuck mmmm . I love you perfume . what 's it call again ? lydia I do not wear perfume . c'mon . tuck what 's it call again ?... he 's break down she resistance . lydia ( softly ) Midnight lace . tuck mmmmm . smell so good . go , lydia ... he kiss she . 7 do not she fight it -- but then melt . int . tuck' bedroom - dawn tuck be asleep in bed , but lydia be dress . she 's leave . she give tuck a farewell glance , then slip quietly out of the room . but the slamm of the front door awaken tuck. that lydia be go . he realize * revise 11/8/85 8 . * tuck lydia ?... then , from outside the house , he hear she car engine groan as it try to fire up . tuck lydia ! tuck jump from the bed . he 's naked . he wrap the sheet around himself , then stub he toe on the bed leg . tuck Owwww !! 8 ext . tuck' house - dawn tuck hop out of the house , favor he injure toe , hold the sheet around he waist . lydia be inside she car , desperately try to get it start . tuck lydia ! wait ! tuck rush up to the car window . tuck where you go ?! lydia ( almost in tear ) I be leave , tuck . do not try to stop I . we relationship have no future , and you know it . you drink too much . you fight too much . you do not value anything . you destroy everything that 's good in you life . you ruin it . you throw it away . and if I stay any longer , I would be next . tuck lydia - lydia -- you be a big , dumb palooka , tuck , and I know I love you , but I do not think we should see each other again for a long , long time . with that , lydia drive off in a cloud of white exhaust smoke . tuck stand in the street , in the dawn 's early light , clutching the sheet , he head and toe throbbing , bewilder and alone . dissolve to : 9 . 9 ext . suburban medical build - day title : the silicon valley two month later 10 int . a doctor' office - day jack putter sit on the examination table . - look fellow in he mid-thirty . he 's a agreeable dr . greenbush lean against the counter , arm fold across he chest in a attitude of nonchalance that approach total disinterest . jack ( indicate he stomach ) ... feel like it start about here , then swoops around and come up to here , then -- zoom ! -- head back down to about here , and that 's when I start to feel nauseous and ... greenbush try unsuccessfully to stifle a yawn . jack be I boring you ? greenbush no , Jack . jack because if I be boring you , just tell I . you be not the only internist in the phone book , you know . greenbush Jack , please ! let 's not have a fall out . you monthly office visit be the cornerstone of my entire medical practice . ( beat ) anything besides the nausea ? headaches . headache . jack Big , pound lot of pain . headaches . greenbush okay . anything else ? yeah . jack the dream . greenbush hmmm . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 10 . jack want to hear it ? greenbush okay . jack I be at work . I be at the market . I be work one of the register . the next customer be this lady with bright orange hair , Mrs. mulrooney . she 's a regular . she 's wear that pointy - you know -- harlequin sunglass . with little sparkly thing in they . and a lime green jumpsuit with a three - inch wide red vinyl belt . * * greenbush very vivid . jack I have the same dream every night . ( beat ) anyway , I be pass she stuff over the bar-code scanner , and I do not notice it , but the computer 's go nut , and it 's ringing up all the wrong price . I mean , twelve - hundred dollar for a can of coffee ! so when I be all do , I look at the register and the total 's like way over a hundred thousand dollar . ( beat ) so Mrs. mulrooney say to I , real calm , ' I do not carry that kind of money on I , sweetie , will you take this instead '... ( beat ) ... and she reach down into she purse and come out with a 357 Magnum this long and shove the barrel into my face and pull back on the trigger -- and that 's when I wake up scream !... yeah . the sweat be pour off Jack 's face . he impassively . greenbush regards greenbush that it ? yeah . jack what do you think ? greenbush I will not think anything until we run the usual test . slip out of that clothes , would you ? with that , greenbush exit the exam room . * 11 . 11 int . greenbush's private office - day Jack , wear he streetclothes , sit in front of greenbush 's desk . greenbush bustles into the office with Jack 's test result under he arm . Jack regards he anxiously . greenbush you be fine , Jack . I can not find anything wrong with you . Jack look disappointed . jack what ?... greenbush everything check out . Jack can not believe he ear . money back . he seem ready to demand he greenbush you be under a lot of stress , however . you be way too uptight , Jack . jack ( sarcastically ) uptight ? be you sure that 's the correct medical term ? greenbush look -- do you have any vacation time come ? you need a rest . get away for some R & R. peace and quiet -- that 's my prescription for you . 12 hold on jack think it over . 13 do not sound like such a bad idea . ext . large suburban supermarket - day a vw bug speed into the parking lot of a Ralph 's market . Jack jump from the car and race towards the entrance . 14 int . ralph's market - day very busy . many shopper . Jack hurry into the market and grab he apron . a name tag clipped to it read : J. putter asst . manager revise 11/8/85 12 . as Jack tie the apron behind he back , mr . wormwood , the market manager , come up beside he . wormwood Jack , where have you be ? jack sorry , Mr. wormwood . appointment . Doctor 's wormwood ( concerned ) be you all right ? jack I be fine . ( rub he temple ) do you have any aspirin on you ? 15 check -out aisle - later Jack walk down the row of check - out aisle , look to see where he can lend a hand . he stop at the aisle where wendy , a attractive young blonde , be work the register . Jack begin to bag Wendy 's customer 's grocery , ever so often steal a glance she way . eventually : jack ( softly ) we have a date last night , you know ? wendy huh ? jack ( louder ) we date . last night . wendy ( snap at he ) I forget . okay ? you forget ? jack how could you forget ? wendy look , Jack , I tell you already , if you be gonna be a part of my life , you can not hassle I about stuff . Jack give she a long , baffle look . jack Wendy ... I be not a part of you life . to which Wendy merely shrug she shoulder and snap she gum . CUT to : * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 16 13 . produce department dr . david nile push a shopping cart between the crate of fresh vegetable . he 's a studious young man with dark wavy hair and tortoise - shell glass . there be another man with he . we recognize this man as Pete blanchard , from the NASA cocktail party . blanchard seem ill at ease and very much out of place in this surroundings . blanchard great place to have a meeting . nile good as any . ( beat ) do this bananas look ripe to you ? blanchard let 's get to the point , all right ? nile okay . ( long pause ) we have make a breakthrough . blanchard the satellite missile guidance system . nile uh ... we have not perfect that just yet . we get a bit sidetracked . blanchard draw back apprehensively . blanchard what be you talk about ? nile I be talk about the world in a eyedropper . blanchard look baffle . nile wheel he cart toward the produce bin . blanchard hurry along beside he . nile miniaturization . we can shrink anything . right down to the size of -( look around , find a peapod ) -- a pea. ( beat ) even smaller than that . blanchard seem skeptical . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 14 . blanchard bullshit . nile we bring in ozzie wexler . the name draw a blank with blanchard . nile the man who invent action man , the 3 - D video game . blanchard action man do not work ! nile yes it do . ( beat ) the bottom drop out of the video market , that 's all . the public never give it a chance . blanchard seem totally exasperate and piss off . nile come and see for yourself what we have do . all right . better have I be pull you entire blanchard set it up . but you something , nile , or the plug on you and misfit operation . with that , blanchard march off . dissolve to : 17 ext . somewhere in silicon valley - morning Morning traffic crawl along a freeway interchange . and mist hang in the air . smog camera locate a rambling , one -story industrial complex in the shadow of a freeway overpass . 18 closer on complex a chain link fence surround the property . fence read : a sign on the " synergrated vector -scope laboratories " * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 19 15 . int . vector -scope lab the lab look cluttere and disorganize . a labyrinth of wire and cable snake across the floor . the numerous piece of scientific equipment look expose , functional and well use . in the center of the lab stand a large , impressivelook , plexiglass geodesic dome . youthful lab technician wear photo -id badge go about they business with obvious enthusiasm . ozzie wexler be be videotape by another Lab technician . ozzie ( into video camera ) uh ... experiment number 27-G-5000 . time ... eight -hundre hour . date ... 5 - 26 . ( clear he throat ) a full - grow human male will be place inside a submersible pod of the type use in deep sea exploration , miniaturized , and introduce into the system of a live organism , in this case , the system of a common lepus cuniculus , or : white laboratory rabbit ... ozzie stop , notice that the Lab tech have point the video camera away . ozzie what be you do ? lab tech pan to the rabbit . ozzie do not pan anywhere ! camera on I . keep the the Lab tech pan back to ozzie , who continue : ozzie miniaturization be achieve through the pair of two 5000 Series photon echo memroy chip ... call ' pem ' for short . ( hold up both chip ) the two chip be intergrated , but electronically oppose . only one be necessary for miniaturization , but both be require for re-enlargement . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 a bell ring . horn sound . 16 . light flash . p.a. system voice Zero minus fifteen , oz. ozzie ( to Lab tech ) keep roll . I want a record of everything . 20 int . lab locker room tuck pendelton be alone in the room . he wear a navy blue jumpsuit and sit on a bench with the same pensive expression of a football player before the big game . he rise . himself . go to a mirror over the sink and look at the door bang open and ozzie enter . jump at the noise . startle , tuck ozzie ( smile ) nervous ? tuck make no reply . jumpsuit . ozzie see a bulge under tuck 's ozzie do you really need that ? tuck remove a flask from he pocket -- pause to consider it -- then pour its content down the sink . tuck okay ? ozzie nod he head , but then see tuck return the flask to he pocket . ozzie you be take it anyway ? tuck I have to . ( beat ) it 's my lucky flask . ozzie sigh to himself in resignation . ozzie okay . now remember -- trust you on - board computer . use it . I know you have study , but do not rely on yourself when you do not have to . the computer 's be program to answer any question you might have . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 17 . tuck I remember . ozzie maybe we should review we object one more time . tuck I know what we objective be . retrieve tissue sample and test efficiency of surgical laser beam . ( beat ) look , Oz ... I know I be no prize , but I be the only one you could get . and this mission 's the only one I could get . so let 's just get the job do . p.a. system voice Zero minus ten . 21 int . corridor leading to lab tuck and ozzie come down the corridor . tuck hold he helmet under he arm . he look like he 's walk " the last mile . " the corridor be line with box of 3 - D action man game . many of they stamp , " return for refund , " or " defective , " or " discontinue Series . " tuck glance at the box . ozzie see this . it shake he confidence . ozzie ( defensively ) the game work ! it 's not my fault the public lose interest in video ! they round a bend in the corridor and emerge into : 22 the lab buzz with activity . technician man they station . p.a. system voice Zero minus eight . tuck and ozzie approach the geodesic dome . it loom up for tuck like the matterhorn . something catch in he throat . his heart skip a beat . they draw closer and closer to the dome . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 23 17a . inside the dome tuck and ozzie enter , follow by several lab tech . contrast to the lab without , the dome be clean and orderly . its translucent panel gently diffuse the light . in tuck 's eye lead we to ... 24 the pod resting on a platform several foot above the floor . a gracefully - mold , teardrop - shape white fiberglass submersible chamber with stabilizer , rotor , thruster , top -mount floodlight and articulate arm . a expansive glass view dome wrap around the pod 's cockpit . 25 tuck approach the pod. ozzie good luck , Captain . a technician open the pod 's hatch and tuck climb in . tuck just get I home again before my air run out . do not worry . supply . ozzie you have get a 24 - hour p.a. system voice Zero minus five . the hatch be close and lock . 26 mission control be a panel of monitor and terminal outside the dome . ozzie take he place behind the main control . technician ( to ozzie ) Dr. nile and Mr. blanchard be not here yet . ozzie that 's just too bad . ( slip on headset ) do you read I , Captain ? * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 27 17b . inside the pod tuck strap himself into the body - contoure swivel seat . he be surround by computer terminal , display monitor , switch , light and instrument . tuck loud and clear , Oz . 28 mission control tech Zero minus three . ozzie engage pem number one . * revise 11/8/85 29 18 . the first pem ( a chip no bigger than a postage stamp ) be snap into a complex circuit board . several technician , use perfectly calibrate instrument , must oversee its precise placement . tech pem number one functional . ozzie engage pem number two . 30 the second pem be snap into place on a portable circuit module with the same care and precision as the first chip . the module be then insert into a open in the nose of the pod itself . tech pem number two functional . ozzie activate miniaturization sphere . 31 the miniaturization sphere ( resembling a giant fishbowl make of smoke glass ) descend from the top of the dome and be slowly lower into place over the pod . 32 inside the pod tuck watch the dark sphere slowly engulf he , shutting out all but the brightest laboratory light . he switch on the pod 's interior light . soft green luminescence . they glow with a tech's voice Zero minus one and count ! dissolve to : 33 close on " bug " the laboratory white rabbit . wire from several terminal embed under its skin connect to monitor and display screen . bug ' nose twitches nervously . technician voice ... fifteen second ... fourteen second ... thirteen second , ( etc . ) -- * revise 11/8/85 34 19 . full shot - the lab the atmosphere be charge with a sense of purpose , dedication and the adventure of true scientific discovery . technician ... two second ... one second ... Zero second . ozzie press a flash yellow button , and -- 35 the miniaturization sphere begin to glow brightly . silhouette . the pod inside become a brilliant ultra high - power laser tube bombard the sphere with beam of multi-color light . 36 inside the pod tuck wear a green-visor helmet to protect he eye from the blaze light . 37 close on various monitor four different 3 - D image of the pod be display : frame image . a solid-model image . a x-ray image . generate image . a wireA heat - in all four case it be very clear to we that the pod be decrease in size ! 38 back to scene lab tech twenty percent reduction ... fifty percent reduction ... seventy - five percent reduction ... we now have full reduction . ozzie raise the sphere . the miniaturization sphere be raise -- and the pod have seemingly disappear . everyone breathes a communal sigh of relief as small , congratulatory smile be exchange . ozzie Nice work , team . now let 's get the pod into the syringe . CUT to : * revise 11/8/85 39 20 . int . a suburban shopping mall - day muzak play . shopper stroll . teenager hang out . Jack putter go up the escalator to the second level . 40 int . mall camera shop a customer be examine several camera . clerk now this one be fully automatic . customer hmmmm . in the b.g. , we see Jack walk by . 41 jack pause to look into the window of a Travel Agency . advertising mexican cruise be feature . poster Jack enter the agency . 42 int . TRAVEL agency Jack be seat next to the desk of a woman TRAVEL agent . agent ... fun , romance , excitement , relaxation - jack -- I will take relaxation . agent it 's a cruise -- you get they all . jack no excitement . Doctor 's order . agent ah , but you be a single young man . ( beat ) what about romance ? jack as long as it be not too exciting . 43 ext . vector -scope lab * several telephone utility truck pull up and park in the parking lot . telephone company repairmen pile out wear hardhat and coverall . * * * Orange cone be place on the ground around the truck . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 44 21. close on orange cone as it be set down on the pavement . somehow , this innocent act convey a stong feel of malevolence . 45 int . lab - inside dome a computer-operate robotic arm place a hypodermic syringe fill with pinkish fluid beneath the lens of a powerful scan electron microscope . all technician defer to ozzie who be accord the first look . he enter the dome and peer through the binocular-view eyepiece of the microscope . 46 what he sees : the pod ! float in the pink solution . visible at the helm of the craft . 47 tuck clearly tuck - inside the pod look out the view dome at the strangely - shape and color globule that float past he pod. tuck ( softly ) Ho - ly shit . ( into mike ) Oz ... I think you do it , boy . I be little . I be shrink right down to nuthin ' . 48 int . entrance to vecto -scope lab a group of telephone company repairmen enter the lobby . two security guard be there . one sit behind a security command station desk where ten or more video monitor display different location around the complex . guard what 's the trouble , boy ? telephone repairman no trouble ... the Guard look puzzle , and the repairmen slip on gas mask in unison . guard hey -- what be this ? the repairmen be suddenly hold what appear to be road flare . the flare produce a billow purple smoke . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 22. the second Guard reach for he gun , but he movement wind down like slow motion . the repairmen ( who we shall now call the intruder ) toss the flare to the floor and enter the lab unmolested , as the entrance lobby fill with purple smoke . 49 int . corridor of lab the intruder stride down the corridor . several of they begin to snap together automatic rifle as they go . 50 ext . lab parking lot a black sedan pull up and park a short distance away from the telephone company truck . 51 close on black sedan two man sit in front . a third sit alone in the back . his power window glide down . the man be : 52 mr . igoe steel - blue eye . shor blond hair . year-round tan . rugged physique . igoe look like a Alpine ski instructor with psychotic tendency . 53 int . lab the intruder enter . for a moment they go unnotice by the busy Lab tech . then : the flare be produce and throw in all direction . one flare land directly under the nose of the technician at the mission control panel . purple smoke begin to swirl in the air . technician begin to protest , but very quickly they eye glaze over , they movement slow and they voice slur . intruder one where 's the chip ? intruder two over there . intruder one get it . the chip be rip from the circuit board . walk toward the dome . 54 intruder one ozzie inside the dome can see the silhouette of the approach intruder outside . his expression fill with alarm . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 55 23. outside dome the intruder smile to himself and unleash a fusillade of gunfire at the dome . 56 inside the dome ozzie flinch as the plexiglass dome begin to disintegrate under the barrage of gunfire . shatter piece rain down on he . he crouch behind the big microscope for protection . then , glance up at the hypodermic syringe under the microscope 's lens , he make a decision : he grab the syringe , kick open the dome 's hatchway , and make a dash for it . 57 outside dome ozzie emerge on the side away from the intruder . they do not see he . he stay low , hold a handkerchief to he nose and mouth , dart between a few large piece of equipment , and escape . the intruder , meanwhile , have the technician line up before they . they regard they captor with dopey , bewilder expression ; sway drunkenly from side to side . a intruder take the videotape camera from one of the tech . tech who be you ?... intruder I be yer mother . the tech look confuse . he make a effort to understand ; to focus he eye . and slowly , the intruder transform for he into : the image of he mother . a sweet , gray-haire old lady . tech ( smile ) Mom ... but " mom " be carry a automatic rifle in she arm . she swing up the barrel . tech Mom ?... * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 58 59 23a . close on weapon' barrel * exploding into gunfire . * close on bug * the white rabbit . twitch and tremble at the sound . * revise 11/8/85 60 24 . * ext . vector -scope lab ozzie emerge from a side door into the bright light of day . he stop , look in all direction -- then run off . 61 int . the black sedan igoe see ozzie run across the parking lot in the distance toward a park motorcycle . he hop on , kick the starter . the engine roar up -- he squeal out across the parking lot . igoe get he ! 62 full shot - the vector -scope parking lot ozzie speed off and the Black sedan burn rubber in a effort to catch up . 63 ext . STREET near lab - day ozzie zoom down the street , but the Black sedan begin to gain on he . now -- the Black sedan pull up beside he . the rear window lower and a uzi handgun be point at ozzie . ozzie see the gun -- react by make a sharp turn to the right . tire squeal , dust fly . the Black sedan speed past . but now ozzie find himself travel up a 64 freeway off ramp ! he dodge several car come down the ramp . 65 horn honk . the black sedan make a sharp u-turn in the street -- roar up the off ramp in pursuit of ozzie . a eighteen-wheeler barrel down the ramp . its AIR horn sound . the Black sedan swerve -- just miss a major head - on -- and proceed up the ramp . 66 ext . the freeway - day ozzie shoot onto the freeway go 80 m.p.h. in the wrong direction . he hug the freeway 's shoulder , but oncoming traffic speed past he at 65 m.p.h. with only inch of daylight to spare . the Black sedan be not far behind -- also racing along the shoulder of the roadway . 25 . 67 int . the black sedan of the three man inside , only igoe be without fear . igoe ( to the driver ) run he off the road . driver what ?... igoe run he off ! igoe lean forward and take charge of the steering wheel . he yank hard to the right . 68 the black sedan swing out into the first freeway traffic lane , side - byside with ozzie 's motorcycle . 69 ozzie look over . 70 can not believe he eye . the black sedan stay in the traffic lane . fortunately , there be no oppose vehicle immediately approach . 71 inside the black sedan igoe yank the wheel to the leave . 72 the black sedan swirve toward ozzie . 73 ozzie give the motorcycle the gas and it leap forward . the Black sedan 's front bumper just graze the cycle 's rear fender . ozzie almost lose control -- the motorcycle swerve dangerously to one side . camera move in tight on the syringe poke out from the pocket of ozzie 's lab coat . 74 int . the pod tuck be be buffete about mercilessly . with the pod 's control stick . he struggle 26 . tuck hey ! what 's go on out there ! ozzie , come in . can you hear I ? 75 ext . the freeway a oil tanker bear down on the Black sedan . the same traffic lane . 76 both occupy inside the black sedan igoe 's henchmen begin to whimper . the steering wheel . igoe have control of the oil tanker be get closer and closer . igoe gnashes he tooth in frustration and reluctantly swerve back onto the freeway 's shoulder , behind ozzie . 77 the oil tanker whizze past , with only inch to spare . 78 inside the black sedan all three man suddenly see a freeway call BOX dead ahead . 79 ext . the freeway ozzie swerve to miss the call box . the Black sedan brake -- skid and squeal -- but can not stop in time . bam ! the call box be shear off , and go fly over the sedan 's roof . 80 ozzie speed into the lead , and exit the freeway ... this time use a on ramp to do so . 81 the black sedan resume its pursuit , barrel down the on ramp . 82 ext . surface street - day ozzie roar by . 83 the Black sedan soon follow . ext . parking lot of suburban shopping mall - day ozzie turn into the parking lot . likewise . 84 the Black sedan do overhead view of parking lot : the motorcycle be much more nimble and quick , cut in and out of parking lane , leave the Black sedan in its dust . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 85 27 . the black sedan stop . igoe jump out , steady he arm on the doorframe and aim he pistol -- bang ! 86 87 ozzie' motorcycle * fly out from under he , skid across the pavement and crash . but ozzie get to he foot and run toward the mall entrance . * igoe jump back into the Black sedan . 88 the black sedan roar down the parking aisle -- jump the curb and come to rest directly in front of the mall entrance . igoe and he henchmen dash into the mall . 89 int . mall camera shop the customer still have not decide which camera to buy . the clerk begin to load film into one of they . clerk the best thing to do be to try it out . 90 int . mall TRAVEL agency Jack shake hand with the travel agent , then get to he foot . agent congratulation , Mr. putter . Jack smile uneasily . jack well ... I do not think it would be this expensive , but ... agent do not worry . you be go to have a wonderful time . 91 int . mall * igoe and he henchmen run into the mall . igoe screw a silencer onto the barrel of he pistol and look in all direction . * * henchman ( point ) there ! innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 92 93 94 95 28. ozzie * be just barely glimpse get into the glass elevator to the second level . the door be close behind he . * igoe * swing up he pistol with lightning speed and fire - phhht ! * * ozzie * make it on board the elevator . * igoe and he henchmen hurry towards a escalator a short distance down the mall . 96 int . the glass elevator ozzie be alone . his face ashen . sweat bead on he forehead . something be very wrong . 97 * his eye look glaze . int . second level of mall Jack emerge from the travel agency , glance down at he cruise brochure as he walk . he move towards the elevator . meanwhile , the customer and clerk step out of the camera shop . the customer hold the camera in he hand . go ahead . 98 clerk give it a try . igoe do not stand still on the escalator . he push past other shopper in he hurry to reach the second level . 99 jack arrive at the elevator . 100 he customer swing the camera around , and -- for the want of anything better to shoot -- point it at Jack . clerk how ' bout that auto-focus ! 101 he elevator door open ... and ozzie stand there totter on rubber leg . Jack look at he -- be take aback by he appearance . then ozzie pitch forward and Jack catch he . * * revise 11/8/85 29 . click ! the customer capture the moment on film . 102 insert : close on ozzie' hand hold the hypodermic syringe . his arm wrap around Jack 's waist , and with he last die breath he inject the pink fluid into Jack 's butt . 103 * the pod - inside the syringe be thrust powerfully forward with the equivalent force of fifteen G 's as the pink fluid rush around it . 104 tuck - inside the pod be slammed back into he seat by the unexpected burst of speed . unprepare for such a tremendous acceleration , he black out . 105 jack feel the sting of the needle . he try to turn . drop to the floor -- unseen by Jack . the syringe shopper begin to scream and shriek : the back of ozzie 's lab coat be soak with blood . Jack lower he gently to the floor as a crowd begin to gather . 106 igoe arrive . see that ozzie be dead . syringe lie on the floor . then he spot the empty * in all the excitement , no one notice he pick it up and put it into he pocket . nor do the henchmen have any trouble steal the camera away from the distract customer . 107 full shot - the mall everyone be rush to the second level . come run . Security Guards igoe and he henchmen be conspicuous in that they be the only one walk in the opposite direction . 108 jack just stand there over ozzie 's body wear a bewilder expression on he face . 109 tuck - inside the pod unconscious . head slump against he shoulder . dissolve to : * 30 . 110 ext . ralph's market - day Jack 's vw bug speed into the parking lot . 111 int . market - day buzz with activity . wormwood grab he . Jack dash in , pale and sweaty . wormwood what now ? another doctor 's appointment ? jack sorry , Mr. wormwood . you would not believe what happen to I this morning . wormwood you be right -- I would not . Jack take the apron and head off . wormwood ( call after he ) you be not on vacation yet , you know ! 112 jack pass Wendy , clerk on aisle two . jack hi , Wendy . wendy Jesus -- you okay ? jack well , I ... wendy because you look like shit . Jack cringe , try to comb he hair with he finger . 113 wormwood grab the store p.a. system microphone . wormwood check -lane Three be now open to all shopper . immediate service on aisle Three . five or six shopper , with overflow cart , charge toward aisle Three . a massive pile - up be only nearly avert . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 114 31 . int . the pod tuck begin to regain consciousness . his eye open , and focus slowly . he shake the cobweb from he head , then look out the view dome . 115 tuck' Pov through dome a long , hollow tunnel fill with fluid and float red and white donut- shape globule . tuck' voice blood cell ! ( note to reader : when picture sequence " inside imagine the darkness of the ocean floor . the only light be the pod 's own flood lamp . the effect terious and claustrophobic -- with the everpresent reverberate in the distance . ) 116 the body , " source of be mysheart beat return to tuck tuck ( into mike ) Mission Control , come in . can you read I ? what the hell 's goin ' on out there ? I think I black out . be I inside bug , or what ? ( pause for reply ) ozzie . come in . do you copy ? ( still no reply ) what 's wrong with this damn radio !? 117 int . ralph's market mrs . mulrooney ( look just as Jack describe she in he dream -- orange hair , harlequin sunglass and all ) swing she cart into Jack 's check - out lane . Jack see she . he look a little worried . Mrs. mulrooney begin to pile she selection onto the conveyor belt . they move slowly toward Jack . 118 tuck - inside the pod tuck ( into mike ) Mission Control , if you can hear I -- I be gonna try to restore radio contact by activate one of this electromagnetic booster cell . ( beat ) here it come , oz. hold on to you sock . tuck hit the booster button . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 119 32/33 . ext . the pod buzzzzzzz ! a strong electromagnetic charge be emitted from the pod in the form of a brilliant blue light . 120 int . the market - aisle three the electromagnetic charge begin to play havoc with Jack 's bar - code scanner . the register begin to record inaccurate price : twenty - five hundred for a loaf of bread . six - thousand for a can of dog food . fifteen-hundred busy a box of raisin bran . 121 ext . the pod buzzzzz ! buzzzzz ! two more jolt of electromagnetic energy be emitted . 34 . tuck' voice if this do not put radio transmission back on line , nothing will . 122 int . the market - aisle three Jack , and everyone surround he , have become aware of the computer " glitch . " the total on the register read : $ 128,000 . Jack look daze . all color be drain from he face . jack the dream ... it 's the dream ... the dream have come true ... wormwood arrive to take charge , glance at the register . Jack ! wormwood what have you do !? jack it 's the dream ... wormwood the what ?! Wendy come over to look . wendy Boy , Jack ... way to screw up ! mrs . mulrooney ( to Jack ) listen , sweetie , I do not carry that kind of cash around on I . the line ring bell in Jack 's head ... then he eye widen in horror as Mrs. mulrooney reach inside she purse . jack ( softly ) oh , no ... here come the gun . but she only remove a pack of cigarettes and light up . Jack breathes a deep sigh of relief and grab he head . jack ( to wormwood ) I need some aspirin -( take hold of he lapel ) -- please ! I beg you for a aspirin . wormwood ( slapping Jack 's hand away ) unhand I , putter ! innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 35 . in desperation , Jack grab a bottle of bayer aspirin from Mrs. mulrooney 's purchase , pop off the top , discard the cotton and put the bottle to he lip as if to chug - a- lug the tablet . hey ! mrs . mulrooney I be not buyin ' that aspirin now . another customer at eight -hundre dollar a bottle , who would want to ! laughter from other shopper . wormwood fume . he rip the aspirin bottle from Jack 's hand -- tablet go fly across the floor . wormwood get ahold of yourself , Jack ! you be come unglue ! you be come apart at the seam ! Jack stare back at wormwood with a glaze , uncomprehend expression . wormwood be alarmed . wormwood my god ... he 's completely space - out . wendy I will handle this - she step forward and slap Jack across the face with all she might . Jack 's head spin halfway around . wendy snap out of it , Jack ! 123 int . the pod tuck give up on the radio . to think . he lean back in he chair tuck great ! no radio . no communication . I be completely cut off . ( pause ) if only I could see out . hmmm ... maybe I can . he turn to the computer and flip a number of switch . the computer begin to glow and hum . tuck Oz say this thing can answer any question I have ... ( to Computer ) ... hey , you ... can I see out through the eye of this beast ? * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 36 . computer voice sound like a plan , Stan . tuck do a double - take . tuck huh ?? computer voice we can patch into the optic nerve . intercept the electrical impulse go to the brain . great . tuck how do I find it ? computer voice you want direction ? tuck yeah . computer voice say ... do not you prepare for this mission ? tuck do I have to defend myself to a machine !? let 's have the direction ! computer voice okay , okay . keep you eye on the screen , player number one , begin the first level ... and good luck ! tuck swell ! it 's build out of old video game . the Computer " tune up " like a arcade game and the monitor begin to display the map tuck need . computer voice take radial artery to axillary artery to internal jugular vein to frontal sinus to ... 124 int . market - wormwood be office - day Jack sit in a chair , recover . he rest one arm on wormwood 's desk . wormwood stand over he . wormwood I know I lose my temper , Jack . I be sorry . you have be like a son to I -( more ) * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 37 . wormwood ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) -- well , a nephew , anyway . you have get a big future in retail food marketing , and I would hate to see you blow it now by go psycho on we . Wendy enter with a cup of coffee . appreciatively . jack coffee ! great , Wendy . just what I need . Jack look up , smile that 's but Wendy do not bring it for Jack . she sip it herself . wendy there 's more down the hall if you want some . Jack just shake he head , resign to she indifference . wormwood Jack ... go home . get some rest . start you vacation today , and come back to we a new man . okay . jack thanks , Mr. wormwood . Jack rise from he chair -- discover that the arm he be rest on wormwood 's desk be cover with paper clip . Jack look puzzle . he try to brush they off , but can not . wendy God , Jack -- what now ? suddenly , Wendy 's metal coffee spoon fly out of she hand and stick to Jack 's chest with a resounding thud . wormwood pries it off -- and it snap right back ! wormwood good lord ... the guy 's a live magnet ! 125 tuck - inside the pod * begin to get a picture on the Computer 's display monitor . * all right ! here ... tuck I be get a picture * * * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 126 37a . close on monitor as it begin to broadcast Jack 's Pov -- which at this moment consist of Wendy and wormwood look at he with astonished expression . of course , there be no sound . tuck wait a minute ! who the hell be they ?! and where be I ?! 127 jack - in the office lift he arm to look at the paper clip that cling to it . 128 tuck - inside the pod see the human arm come into view ... and he realize that : tuck I be in a man ! ( almost panic ) I be in a strange man , in a strange room , surround by stranger ! ( beat ) how would I get inside a man !? what happen to the rabbit !? I study up on rabbit ! ( begin to calm down ) okay , tuck ... get a grip on yourself . we have get a little snafu here , as we say in the military . ( damn ! why would I pour that scotch down the sink !? ) okay , okay . think clear ; stay cool . tuck take a moment to consider he option -- then spring into action . tuck I gotta talk to this guy ! ( turn to Computer ) I need direction to the inner ear . computer voice ( sounding put -out ) so , now it 's the ear you want ? yes ! now ! tuck right now ! computer voice okay , player number one ... it 's you quarter . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 129 37b . int . jack inner ear the pod float into the Middle ear : tening cavity that dwarf the pod . a enormous , glis - the pod 's articulate arm fasten a small electronic device to the eardrum . 130 int . jack be vw bug - traveling - day Jack behind the wheel . he feel a strange sensation in he ear . it tickle . he shake he head , then scratch he ear with a finger . 131 ext . self -serve gas station - day Jack fill he vw 's tank . nearby , two thirteen - year - old boy put air into they bike tire . the young station attendant lean against a pump drink a Coke . hello . tuck' voice can you hear I ? Jack turn toward the boy , see that they be occupy in they task . he shrug it off . tuck' voice respond if you can hear I . revise 11/8/85 38 . Jack now turn toward the attendant . jack you talk to I ? the attendant just give Jack a blank look and continue to sip he Coke . it work . tuck' voice I can hear you . Jack turn fast toward the boy . jack okay , fella -- what 's the joke ? boy huh ?... tuck' voice this be no joke . Jack look startle . the voice be not come from the boy at all . he turn back toward the attendant . jack you ! attendant I , what ? jack it 's you . attendant ( sarcastically ) yeah , it 's I all right . I all my life . I be the boy laugh . the attendant trade a look with they . Jack be befuddle . tuck' voice I be not out there . I be in here ! in here ?? jack where 's in here ?! tuck' voice in you . in you body ! they put I in you instead of the rabbit . why would they do that ? Jack can not believe what he 's hearing . a lunatic smile of madness register on he face and he let out a shriek of hysterical laughter . now the attendant look alarmed . * revise 11/8/85 39 . attendant you okay , fella ? jack yes , of course . however , I have apparently just go insane !! he jump back into he car and squeal away . 132 int . the pod travel down the external auditory canal toward the external ear open . tuck hey , pal ... how come I get the sink feel that you do not know what 's go on any more than I do ? 133 int . dr . greenbush's office Jack , look very agitate , sit on the examination table . greenbush approach he . greenbush a little voice inside you ear , huh ? okay , Jack , let 's just have a look and see ... greenbush raise he ear-exam flashlight to Jack 's ear . 134 int . the pod a brilliant , searing light stream into the ear canal with blind intensity . tuck scream and grab he eye in pain . tuck oh , God !! 135 int . greenbush's office greenbush withdraw the instrument from Jack 's ear . greenbush do not see a thing , Jack . why do not you just go home and try to get some rest . 136 int . the pod tuck take he hand away from he eye . with a vacant expression . tuck I be blind ... he look around * revise 11/8/85 137 40 . ext . jack apartment build - day Jack 's vw swing into the parking area of a small apartment complex . 138 int . jack apartment Jack enter and collapse into a easy chair in exhaustion . he take a few deep breath and try to forget the day 's traumatic event . his eye begin to close when ... tuck' voice I can see !! Jack leap from he chair . 139 tuck - inside the pod tuck I can see ! thank God . and I be just gettin ' ready to kiss my pilot 's license goodbye . 140 jack - inside the apartment stand in the middle of the room , poise for a attack from any direction . jack where be you !? who be you !? tuck' voice Jack , we have get ourselves a little situation here . jack you know my name ! tuck' voice I hear somebody call you that ... right before the light go out , so to speak . Jack rub he temple . jack ( to himself ) stay calm , Jack . do not panic . take you doctor 's advice : get some rest . Jack charge into : * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 141 41 . the bathroom where he throw open the medicine cabinet and begin to rummage through the bottle . he find one ; look at it . 142 tuck - inside the pod see the bottle 's label . tuck sleep pill ! 143 jack - in the bathroom jack ( alarmed ) it even see what I be do ! tuck' voice do not take that ! jack I be go to sleep for a little while . not long . say , two or three day . and when I wake up , if you be not go - tuck' voice wait ! do not ! listen to I : you be not crazy . I be real ! and I have only get a 24 - hour air supply to begin with , so do not go to sleep on I ! Jack pop the pill into he mouth . jack too late . 144 tuck - inside the pod tuck you fool ! if I be normal size and outside of you instead of inside of you , I would hit you so hard you grandchild would be bear with break nose ! ( then ; to Computer ) Quick ! the fastest way to the stomach ! computer voice the stomach ?... yech ! 145 jack - in the bathroom stare into he medicine cabinet mirror , as if search he reflection for some clue to he sudden insanity . then it hit he : no more " voice . " * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 Voice ? no reply . 146 42 . jack be you still there ? Jack seem pleased . int . jack stomach the pod rip into the stomach through the convolute fold of the stomach wall . 147 int . the pod we share tuck 's view through the dome as the pod hurtle into the foam torrent of the stomach . the gastric gland secrete they caustic juice and hydrochloric acid bubbles up in all direction . here come the sleeping pill ! huge , gelatin capsule fill with multi-color granule . they tumble down into the stomach head straight for the pod . tuck swing a laser- gun sighting - device into position . he take aim and fire . direct hit . the capsule vaporize on the spot , explode into colorful gas ball . 148 int . the live room Jack enter . but he stop to rub he stomach . he feel a queasy sensation down there . he lie down on the sofa to rest . tuck' voice you jerk ! be you try to kill we both !? how many of that pill do you take , anyway !? oh , no ! jack it 's back . revise 11/8/85 43. tuck' voice you bet I be back . Jack put he hand over he ear . jack I be not listen to you . tuck' voice please ! Jack ! Jack begin to hum to himself to cover tuck 's voice . tuck' voice we have to talk ! Jack ! jack I think I will watch some tv ! tuck' voice no you will not ! jack try and stop I ! ha! Jack pick up the remote control and turn on the tv . 149 tuck - inside the pod hit the electromagnetic booster button and -- 150 the television shut off . 151 jack turn it on again . but again , tuck turn it off . Jack turn it on again . tuck turn it off . on. off. on. off. on. off. okay ! 152 jack forget the tv ! tuck - inside the pod he 's really piss off now . tuck no , no ! watch tv ! enjoy yourself ! watch tv ! tuck hold down both electromagnetic button . 153 int . the live room a flash of blind white light ! volume . the tv come on -- full * revise 11/8/85 44 . the channel begin to change -- faster and faster . picture be just a blur . the the indoor antenna shoot out to its longest extension and begin to whip around the air like a scorpion 's tail . the volume grow louder and louder . down on the table . the tv bang up and Jack watch all this with stunne , open-mouthed horror . then : popping and hissing . jack oh , noooooo !! the tv explode . the sofa be blow over backwards and Jack go fly with it . Jack lie there on the rug , breathe heavily . 154 tuck - inside the pod be also out of breath . Jack and tuck be like two fighter who have pummele each other into total exhaustion , but be both unwilling to concede defeat . tuck ( very sympathetically ) Jack , I think we have really get this relationship off on the wrong foot . 155 jack - lying on the rug make no reply . he just try to catch he breath . tuck' voice I be real , Jack . you do believe that now , do not you ? jack I -- I want to . tuck' voice believe it , Jack , because it 's true . ( beat ) do you ever see that movie where tony curtis and sidney poitier be handcuff together ? yeah . jack sure ... tuck' voice well , that 's we , Jack . jack that 's we ? * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 45 . tuck' voice yeah . 156 tuck - inside the pod tuck we be in this together and we have to help each other . ( beat ) you do not work at the lab , do you ? jack voice I work at Ralph 's market . tuck and you do not know anything about the experiment , do you ? jack voice what experiment ? tuck ( softly ; as he worst fear be confirm ) shit. ( then ) Jack ... my name be pendelton . tuck pendelton . Captain , United States navy . I be involved in a miniaturization experiment . I be suppose to be place inside a rabbit , but somehow I get inside you instead . 157 jack rest he forehead against the wall . wow . 158 jack what a day I be have ... int . car - traveling - day Dr. David nile be behind the wheel . Pete blanchard . his passenger be nile we be late . we have miss the best part of the experiment . blanchard relax , would ya ? ( light a cigarette ) by the way -- who 's you guy ? nile huh ? * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 46 . blanchard you guy inside the you pilot ? pod ? nile somebody you know , I think . ( beat ) Captain tuck pendelton . oh . blanchard give nile a look of disbelief . blanchard pendelton ...? yeah . nile ( concerned ) what 's wrong ? blanchard oh , nothing . except tuck pendelton 's get the worst attitude problem in military history . he 's be drumm out of every space program since Gemini -- and he drink like a fish . ( long pause ) however ... the dumb sonofabitch do save my life once . nile give blanchard a look . blanchard he pull I out of my space capsule when it catch fire on the pad . ( beat ) of course the only reason he get to I so fast be because he have sneak into a restrict area where he be not allow . 159 ext . dock of san francisco - day igoe 's dent and batter Black sedan be park next to a large , but inconspicuous - look warehouse . 160 int . the warehouse it 's actually a scientific laboratory . why beat around the bush , this be the bad guy 's secret Lab . and some of the bad guy be currently present : igoe and he henchmen . several lab tech . and dr . margaret canker -- a unusually glamorous - look scientist . they be all gather around a tv monitor watch the videotape make of the miniaturization experiment . * * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 47 . canker there 's two chip ! it 's a dual chip system ! we have one . lab tech where 's the other ? canker in the pod . lab tech but , where 's the pod ?? just then , another Lab tech show up with some enlarged photo . ( from the camera take from the camera shop customer . ) the first enlargement show the hypodermic needle actually enter Jack 's backside . the second enlargement show Jack 's face . lab tech the pod 's in he . canker look at the photo of Jack , then turn to igoe . canker find he ! 161 ext . vector -scope lab parking lot - day police car with whirling red bubble light . ambulance . coroner' van . a crowd of onlooker . police officer hold they back , set up barricade . tv news crews arrive . Jack shoulder he way to the very front of the crowd . he get there just in time to see body -- drape in white sheet -- be wheeled from the lab on gurney to wait ambulance and coroner 's van . 162 * * * * tuck - inside the pod view the situation on he monitor ; he expression register horror and alarm . * * revise 11/8/85 163 48. * ext . the parking lot Jack try to stop a policeman . jack Officer ... excuse I , Officer . what 's go on --- get back ! policeman stay back ! the policeman hurry off . jack ( to tuck ) do you hear that ? yeah . 164 tuck ( v.o. ) gimme a minute to think ... ext . entrance to lab newspaper reporter and tv crews have be allow past the police line . one of this reporter be lydia . she muscle she way up to Pete blanchard who be emerge from the building . Pete ! lydia just a few question ! blanchard I have nothing to say , lydia . lydia be not it true that vector -scope laboratory be work on a secret Satellite missile track system for the Defense Department ? blanchard that 's absolutely untrue . you can quote I on that . ( to Police ) get the press back . and the Police do as instruct , herding the Press back behind police line . lydia be force back , and she find herself stand directly in front of Jack . ( who be , of course , a total stranger to she . ) Jack 's nose be within inch of lydia 's hair . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 165 49 . tuck - inside the pod smell something strange come in through he air vent . he sniff , then turn the air jet so that they shoot directly at he face . he sniff again . tuck ( to himself ) Midnight lace ...? then , he see something on he monitor : past . Dr. nile hurry tuck ( to himself ) Dr. nile ... ( to Jack ) ... follow that short guy with the curly hair and glass ! 166 jack - in the parking lot begin to move through the crowd , try to keep up with nile who be on the other side of the police barricade . jack who be he ? tuck' voice Dr. nile . he run the lab . do not let he out of you sight . if we can just talk to he - jack -- lose he ! nile duck into he park car and slam the door behind he . 167 tuck - inside the pod view the scene on he monitor . tuck he 's not drive off . there 's someone in the car with he . be this as close as you can get ? 168 jack be about thirty yard away from the park car . of onlooker surround he . jack yeah . a crush * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 50 . tuck' voice keep look at the car . jack why ?... 169 tuck - inside the pod begin to make some frantic adjustment to the dial on he console . tuck look directly at they ! do not turn you head . I think I can beef up this reception a little ... suddenly : nile ' voice be hear loud and clear over the pod 's speaker : nile ' voice ... my God ... what happen in there ...?! tuck that 's it ! 170 jack look startle . hey ! jack I can hear they ! I know . 171 tuck' voice now shut up and listen ... int . car blanchard you have be hit good . professional work . who would want to do this to you ? nile anybody -- or any country -- that want to leapfrog a decade 's worth of research . blanchard look very distress . blanchard I hope you know that we can not get involved in this . you be on you own now ... * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 172 51 . tuck - inside the pod react to the sound of blanchard 's voice . he look closely at he monitor , but sun glare off the car 's windshield , hide blanchard 's face . tuck ( to himself ) I know that voice ... 173 int . car blanchard ... we have get to keep we hand clean . this be you baby ... you change the dirty diaper . nile but ... what about pendelton ? blanchard what about he ? nile he 's out there somewhere . blanchard ( coldly ) pendelton 's be around the military long enough to know that every mission contain a element of risk . nile he save you life once ! 174 tuck - inside the pod tuck ( to himself ) Pete blanchard !... 175 int . the car blanchard there 's nothing we can do to help pendelton now . the chip 's go and he air supply run out in -( check he watch ) -- almost twenty hour . ( a beat ) start the car . get I out of here . 176 jack watch as blanchard and nile drive away . jack sound like you be be kiss off . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 177 52 . tuck - inside the pod be silent . but the expression of betrayal he wear speak volume . 178 ext . vector -scope parking lot lydia return to she car where she colleague duane flornoy ( a well - dress black man ) be wait . duane stand outside the car hold the business end of the car 's short - wave radio in he hand . duane well ? lydia blanchard 's stone-walling . he know more than he 's tell . duane guess who 's arrive at the airport in exactly four hour ? lydia ( after a moment ) the cowboy ? duane you get it . lydia smile knowingly , glance back at the vector -scope Lab , then turn to face duane again . lydia the piece be beginning to fall into place . 179 int . first CLASS cabin of 747 - day we hear the hum of the engine . camera move down aisle , eventually discover a pair of snake-skin cowboy boot . camera pan up , take in blue jeans , suede western sport coat , bib -front shirt and feel stetson hat . this be the cowboy . but dispite he name and he dress , he look be distinctly foreign : prominent nose and cheekbone , pointy chin and dark , bushy eyebrow . he read what look to be the Arabic version of people magazine . 180 int . jack be vw - traveling Jack behind the wheel . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 tuck' voice well , Jack ... we be on we own . we ?? 53 . * jack what can I do ? tuck' voice help I to get that other chip back . Jack look miserable . jack this be really bad timing . I mean , I just get a few extra day vacation , and on Monday I be suppose to leave on a cruise ... 181 tuck - inside the pod tuck ( sarcastically ) gee , Jack ... how thoughtless of I . ( then , in a normal tone of voice ) look : you hear the guy . I get twenty hour of air leave . I would not worry about miss you cruise . 182 jack - drive jack you know ... that be not much time . tuck' voice ( again ; very sarcastic ) gosh , you be right ! why do not I think of that ? jack I mean , what happen if we fail ? what happen if we do not get this chip back and you air supply run out ? what happen then ?! tuck' voice then you have get a miniaturized submersible pod float around you inside with a tiny , little human skeleton at the helm . jack ( revolt ) aaagghh ! tuck' voice not a pretty think , be it ? * * * * * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 54 . Jack begin to bang he head against the steering wheel . 183 tuck - inside the pod be also be rock back and forth by Jack 's head movement . and tuck 's head be slammed against the console a few time as well . 184 int . jack apartment Jack enter , glance at the explode tv , then head toward the kitchen . jack I need some aspirin . my head be kill I . maybe it 's my allergy . 185 tuck - inside the pod rub he own batter forehead . tuck maybe it 's from bang it against the steering wheel . 186 jack pick up the aspirin bottle from the counter and fill a glass with water when a knock be hear at the door . tuck' voice what 's that ? jack the door . tuck' voice be careful ... Jack open the door to find a messenger stand there . messenger Mr. Jack putter ? jack yeah . messenger ( hand he a envelope ) from World Tour Travel . Jack look puzzle . * Rev. 11/8/85 55 . messenger Cruise ticket , I think . ( hand he a clipboard ) sign on number twelve . ( as Jack sign ) mind if I use you phone ? gotta call my dispatcher . jack ( return clipboard ) oh , well ... okay . sure . the Messenger come in , see the explode tv . messenger shot out you tv , huh , man ? just like elvis . Jack do not respond . he just point out the phone . Messenger pick it up and dial . the messenger ( to Jack ) lucky man . goin ' on a cruise . what about you roommate ? jack roommate ? messenger think I hear you talkin ' to somebody as I come to the door . no. 187 jack I live here alone . tuck - inside the pod tuck do not trust he ! he 's not a messenger ! 188 jack turn he back on the messenger . jack ( in a whisper ) how do you know ? tuck' voice I get a gut reaction ! call it survival instinct . get out now . Jack turn back toward the Messenger who be talk into the phone : * revise 11/8/85 56 . messenger okay . I make the drop . everything 's cool . the Messenger hang up the phone -- see that Jack be look at he strangely . Jack glance at the door . the Messenger grow suspicious . Jack make a dash for the door . gun and leap after he . the Messenger draw a but the throw rug slide out from beneath the Messenger 's foot and the Messenger go fly ! Jack swing open the door -- it connect with the Messenger 's head -- and the Messenger thud unconscious to the floor , the gun still clutch in he hand . tuck' voice run ! 189 ext . apartment courtyard - day Jack run from the apartment into the courtyard . what he see : 190 three men in dark business suit enter the courtyard . 191 this be one of the man be igoe . jack duck behind a palm tree , out of sight . igoe and he two henchmen pass by , head for Jack 's apartment . when safe , Jack run off . 192 ext . apartment parking area - day Jack run into the parking area , but stop short . igoe 's henchmen be stand guard over he vw . one of Jack step back into the shadow of a garbage dumpster . jack they be watch my car . tuck' voice go to a pay phone . call a cab . jack where be I go ? how be I gonna pay for it ? * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 57 . tuck' voice you be go to my place . you can pay the cabbie when you get there ... my treat . 193 int . tuck' house - day Jack look around . jack Nice place . ( under he breath ) what a dump . tuck' voice I hear that ... and you be right . ( beat ) I could use a drink , Jack . Bet you could , too . jack I do not drink . tuck' voice well , I do . see if there 's a bottle of cutty under the sofa cushion , would ya ? Jack make a face , but take a look . tuck' voice the other cushion . no ! jack oh. 194 on tuck' video we see Jack 's hand flip over the cushion and find the bottle . jack voice get it . 195 tuck be lick he lip . tuck okay ! here 's what you do : take a nice big tug on that baby and I will see what I can catch on the way down . jack voice how ...? * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 58. tuck let I worry about that . 196 ext . the pod one of the pod 's articulate arm extend out from the pod 's body with a soft , mechanical whirring sound . clutch in the arm 's claw be tuck 's empty flask . 197 * int . the pod tuck look out the view dome to make sure arm and flask be properly in place . tuck okay , Jack -- down the hatch . jack voice I be not much of a drinker . c'mon ! tuck let 'er rip ! then : a tidal wave of amber liquid splashes down from above and crash against the pod . the pod roll over and over in the thundering alcohol current . finally it come to rest in some dark , vestibular channel of Jack 's digestive system . tuck press a few button and the articulate arm begin to retract into the pod . claw and flask slide into the pod through and air-lock open . tuck come on , lucky flask ! tuck eagerly grab the flask and sloshes it around under he nose . his expression sour . tuck smell a little strange . ( peek at it ) look a shade green . ( shrug it off ) oh , well . probably just some harmless biochemical waste material ... hmmm . then a drop splashes out onto he jumpsuit , hissing and burn a small hole in the fabric . tuck ... mix with a bit of stomach acid . ( pause ) what the hell ! ( more ) * * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 59 . tuck ( cont 'd ) rot-gut whiskey 's better than none at all . cheer ! he throw back a drink . his eye fill with tear and he gasp for air . he begin to pound he fist against the console and he make a full spin in he swivel chair . tuck ( wiping he mouth with he sleeve ) wow ! that 's strong enough to grow hair on a snake ! tuck take another belt . 198 jack also seem pleased by what have just pass he lip . he look at the bottle 's label , shrug he shoulder , and take another drink . 199 tuck - inside the pod really feel relaxed . he rummages around and eventually find what he 's look for : a audio cassette . 200 close on cassette Sam cooke 's greatest Hit . 201 tuck insert the tape into a player and kick back . tuck nuthin ' like a little cutty and Sam cooke to chase away the misery of the day . 202 ext . STREET - day the Black sedan carry igoe and he henchmen roar by . 203 int . black sedan igoe sit in the back seat wear a expression of stony resolution . the car press on relentlessly . 204 int . pod rocking to the music of Sam cooke 's " twistin ' the night away . " tuck lean back , flask in hand , foot tapping against the console . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 60 . SAM cooke' voice ( sing ) here 's a man in evenin ' clothes , how he get here , I do not know . but , man , you ought to see he go ... twistin ' the night away ! 205 jack be lip synching to the song and twist he heart out . he 's infuse with the spirit of the music ... and perhaps with the spirit of the cutty as well . SAM cooke' voice ( sing ) lean up ! lean back ! twistin ' the night away ! 206 tuck - inside the pod Jack ! tuck ( shouting over the music ) hey , Jack ! ( finally turn the music low ) Jack ! jack voice what ?... tuck go look in the mirror . jack voice why ? tuck because I just realize I do not know what you look like . 207 jack turn , look for a mirror . stagger over to it . 208 see one on the wall . he tuck - inside the pod can tell by look into he monitor that Jack be weaving from side to side . tuck hey , you be not drunk , be you ? no. jack voice just a little dizzy . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 61 . tuck ( amused ) ha ! and after only one stinking drink ! 209 jack approach the mirror . he look at the cutty bottle in he hand . it 's almost half empty . jack more than one drink , I think ... ( look into mirror ) ... how 's this ? 210 tuck - inside the pod see in he monitor Jack 's face as it be reflect in the mirror . but Jack be way too close , create a distort fish - eye look . too close . tuck back up . back up . Jack do . tuck that 's better ... for a moment tuck just look at the face of the man whose body he inhabit . then , he turn off the music . tuck Jack ... I guess you realize some very serious bad guy be after you because of I . so if you want to bail out , I understand . just sneeze I into a kleenex or something and hand it over to they . 211 jack stare into the mirror with a besotted expression . jack do not you just save my life ? tuck' voice when ? jack you warn I about that phony messenger . well , yeah . tuck' voice I guess I do , but -- * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 62. jack -- so just shut up about the kleenex ! 212 tuck - inside the pod realize that Jack , in he own way , be say he will not quit . tuck be move . tuck thanks , Jack . 213 jack turn away from the mirror , embarrassed . tuck' voice but let 's face it ... we need help . can you drive ? be you head clear ? jack well ... uh ... tuck' voice slap yourself in the face . jack huh ? in the face . wack ! tuck' voice slap yourself . Jack do . tuck' voice harder . wack ! Jack do it harder . tuck' voice again . wack ! Jack do it again . tuck' voice how 's that feel ? jack one more time ! wack ! Jack do it one more time . okay ! tuck' voice how 's that feel now ? jack it feel good ! * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 okay ! 214 63. tuck' voice let 's roll ! ext . tuck' house - the garage door - day we hear it before we see it . the full -throated roar of its twelve cylinder , 4.4. liter engine . the garage door swing up revealing a : 215 FIRE -engine red 1969 ferrari daytona one of the most awesome road machine ever produce . Jack be behind the wheel . he just touch the gas pedal and the car rocket out of the garage . 216 ext . road - day Jack squeal around the hair-pin curve lead away from tuck 's hillside house . * tuck' voice be you sure you be sober !? * suddenly , igoe 's black sedan barrel around the bend towards they . the Ferrari cross the center line . Jack scream and yank on the wheel . the Black sedan skid off the road and onto the shoulder in a cloud of dust . jack I be sober now ! 217 * * * * * * int . the black sedan * it be they ! around ! igoe turn around ! turn but the sedan be stall , and now the engine fail to turn over . it groans uncooperatively . igoe I hate this black sedan ! I want a new black sedan ! I want a mercede - benz 500 sel !! henchman yes , Mr. igoe . then : the engine fire up -- sputter -- and the car lurch into gear . 218 ext . freeway - day the Ferrari barrel along . Jack clutches the steering wheel with both hand -- as if the car might speed out from under he . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 219 63a . int . the pod tuck have he eye glue to the monitor which display Jack 's Pov of the freeway , etc . tuck ( nervously ) watch out for that truck up ahead . Change lane -- get in the fast lane . wait -- not now . okay - now . watch you tachometer . okay : shift into fifth ! easy on the clutch . always shift at 4500 rpm . keep a eye on the temperature gauge ... Boy ! jack voice talk about back seat driver ! tuck this car 's a classic ! it 's the only thing I own that 's worth a shit ! 220 221 jack - in the ferrari jack maybe you should tell I where I be go . * * tuck' voice downtown . we be gonna look up a friend of mine . * * * int . newspaper PRESS room - day duane florney be at he desk talk with the CITY editor . lydia practically fly by . lydia I be off , duane ! editor hey , lydia ! wait a minute . be you go ? where lydia Airport . editor what about this vector -scope story !? lydia I be play a hunch , gus. duane this could be big , gus. editor hey -- who do you two think you be , anyway ? redford and Newman ? revise 11/8/85 64 . lydia do a double take . duane ( to editor ) I think you mean woodward and bernstein , chief . lydia disappear out the door . 222 ext . the STREET - day lydia emerge from the newspaper Building and head for she car park at the curb . at the same moment , Jack and tuck in the red Ferrari come down the street . 223 int . the ferrari tuck' voice that 's she ! jack where ?? tuck' voice I see she out of the corner of you eye . Jack look around . tuck' voice get into she car ! hurry ! she will get away . honk you horn ! Jack hit the horn . it have a very distinctive sound . lydia turn and look in Jack 's direction . 224 close on lydia sunlight glisten off she copper-color hair . look beautiful . 225 she close on jack immediately smitten . 226 ext . the STREET lydia march up to the park Ferrari . jack ( to tuck ) here she come . lydia arrive at the car . Jack open he mouth to speak , but do not get a chance : * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 65 . lydia I know this car . this car belong to tuck pendelton ! what be you do with tuck pendelton 's car !? tuck would sooner trust somebody with he life than with he Ferrari . how would you get this car ? who be you , anyway ? do tuck know you have this car !? 227 tuck - inside the pod tuck ( out of frustration ) lydia , shut up and listen !! 228 jack - in the ferrari jack ( blurt it out automatically ) lydia , shut up and listen !! lydia look shocked . 229 Jack want to eat he word . the black sedan pull up to the curb across the street from where Jack and lydia be talk . igoe and he henchmen pile out . one henchman slam the door on igoe 's hand . igoe do not even flinch . he just look down at he hand . all five finger be catch in the tightly close door . the guilty henchman look worried for he own safety , but igoe calmly open the door and pull he hand free . 230 jack catch sight of igoe and the henchmen who be prevent from crossing the street by heavy traffic . jack oh , no -- it 's they ! lydia look up with a quizzical expression . jack hop in ! lydia hesitates . jack hop in ! tuck 's in trouble ! need you help ! he lydia take a chance . she jump in beside Jack and the ferrari squeal away from the curb . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 231 tuck - inside the pod tuck Atta girl , lydia ! 232 igoe - on the STREET signal he man back into the black sedan . 65a . revise 11/8/85 233 66 . * ext . the STREET the Ferrari only get one block before it must stop at a red light . Jack bang he fist against the steering wheel . lydia who be that man ? jack very bad guy ! bad guy ! the Black sedan also come to a stop -- about ten car back . it 's a long light and Jack be get nervous . over he shoulder . 234 he glance igoe and he henchmen decide to leave they sedan and rush Jack on foot . they race up the line of stop vehicle and get within a car 's length of the Ferrari when : blink ! the light turn green . the Ferrari squeal through the intersection , burn rubber . igoe and he henchmen turn and run back toward the Black sedan . igoe get there first . he do not bother to wait for the other . he slide in behind the wheel and zoom away . the henchmen be leave stand in the street . 235 int . the ferrari - speed down a CITY STREET Jack glance into the rearview for glimpsis of the Black sedan . jack I do not see them . I think we give them the slip ! 236 ext . busy intersection - day the Black sedan be stall in the middle of the intersection cause a major traffic jam . horn honk madly . igoe jump from the car and slam the door in anger . he then look around , wrestle a bicycle away from a old chinaman and pedal off in pursuit of Jack . 237 int . chinatown restaurant - day lydia and Jack at one of the table . jack ... you might say tuck 's be take hostage . lydia who have he ? innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 67 . jack that 's a little hard to explain . we need something call a ' pem ' to get he back . it 's a microchip . it be take from the vector -scope lab this morning . lydia vector -scope ! everything 's comin ' up vector - scope today . have you go to the police ? jack there 's no time for long explanation and police report . as a matter of fact , we only have ... 238 tuck - inside the pod check he air supply gauge . tuck sixteen hour . 239 jack - inside the restaurant jack sixteen hour . lydia sixteen hour ?! can not we negotiate for more time ? jack not a chance . Jack begin to squirm uncomfortably in he seat . lydia what 's the matter ? jack I gotta pee real bad ! lydia look aghast . Jack freak . jack I can not believe I say that ! 240 ext . the restaurant - day igoe pedal up to the restaurant . he see the park Ferrari and smile to himself . he discard the bike and approach the restaurant . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 241 68. int . restaurant rest room Jack stand before the urinal , relieving himself . restaurant customer wash he hand at the sink . jack you do not tell I she be go to be so beautiful . the customer at the sink glance over at Jack . tuck' voice you think so ? jack absolutely . ( beat ) and I think we should tell she the truth , too . another * revise 11/8/85 69 . again , the customer look over in Jack 's direction , see he look down into the urinal , talk softly . tuck' voice who would believe it ? ( pause ) besides ... it 's humiliate be this small . there -- I have say it ! jack what 's so bad about be small ? the customer now come up behind Jack . customer play with it , pal , but do not talk to it . with that , the customer exit the restroom . mortify . Jack look tuck' voice who be that ? jack never mind . Jack flush the urinal -- watch the water swirl down the drain . jack you still there ? tuck' voice yeah ... why ? jack just check . 242 int . the restaurant Jack emerge from the rest room and approach the table . we see jack Pov as he move toward lydia . lydia look up -- then register alarm . she rise from she chair and draw what appear to be a gun from she purse and take aim -- seemingly at Jack . lydia freeze ! Restaurant patron scream and take cover under table . Jack stand there , freeze in horror . then he look behind he and see : * revise 11/8/85 243 70 . * igoe who stop in he track and slowly raise he hand above he head . 244 tuck - inside the pod igoe 's face appear on he display monitor -- then the picture suddenly scramble . all the instrument begin to go haywire : Needles on gauge spin . light flash . Radio reception buzy . tuck do not know which problem to attend to first . 245 full shot - the restaurant lydia have the drop on igoe . lydia this be a electronic stun-gun . a non- lethal personal defense weapon deploy a charge of 5,000 volt . it will immobilize you for up to twenty minute and , in all probability , render you unconscious as well . so , do not take one step closer . igoe look at the gun . on he face . a expression of abject terror lydia ( to a waiter ) call the police ! igoe suddenly grab Jack . lydia no ! she squeeze back on the trigger . a stun dart shoot out from the weapon . igoe use Jack as a shield and the dart hit Jack ! 246 close on jack market name tag the dart penetrate the plastic name tag , melting it instantly and release half its charge with a loud buzzzz ! the other 2,500 volt enter Jack 's body , and Jack go limp in igoe 's arm . 247 tuck - inside the pod also feel the impact of the electrical charge . crackling ribbon of electric current dance around the contour of the pod . tuck be slammed back into he seat as electricity course through he limb . revise 11/8/85 71 . * the pod 's light dim , then brighten once again . but tuck be leave a shake man . his hair stick straight up in current punker fashion , and he head glow from within like a jack - o' - lantern . tuck 's consciousness return , when the pod be suddenly turn upside down as ... 248 igoe - in the restaurant pick up Jack 's limp body and toss it over he shoulder like a sack of flour . igoe run from the restaurant amid a uproar of yelling and scream . lydia someone call the police !! as igoe run off , the ferrari keys slip from Jack 's pocket and fall to the floor . lydia see this and snatch they up . 249 ext . alley behind restaurant - day igoe run down the alley with Jack over he shoulder . Jack begin to snap out of it . he can not imagine where he be or why he 's be convey this way . ( we also see that he , too , sport a electrify punk hairdo . ) igoe notice a delivery truck pull away from a load dock . he 's able to pop open the cargo door and throw Jack inside . but now the truck be drive away . igoe run alongside of it . it begin to pick up speed . igoe keep up with it , leap onto a run board , throw open the cab door , yank out the driver and take he place behind the wheel . the truck thunder down the alley at top speed . 250 tuck - inside the pod be grateful to see he instrument come back on line . the pod be righted once again , its speed and direction under control . tuck Jack ! Jack ! be you all right ? what happen ? seem like we experience a massive power surge . no response from Jack . tuck look concerned . tuck hey , Jack ... you there , babe ? he glance at one of he gauge in alarm . revise 11/8/85 72 . tuck what 's goin ' on , Jack !? you heart rate 's slowin ' way down ! jack voice I be f-f-f-f-f-ftuck ( relieved ) Jack ! you have I worried . think I would lose you for a minute , kid . ( beat ) what happen ? where 's lydia ? where be we ? ( peer into he monitor ) I can not see a thing . why 's it so dark ? jack voice I be f-f-f-f-f-f-fTUCK you be what ?? can not make you out , Jack . message garble . try again . jack voice I be f-f-f-f-f-f-freezing ! tuck you be freezing ?? 251 ext . the delivery truck - traveling - day igoe behind the wheel . camera pan to the sign lettere on truck 's side . it read : BAY area frozen food supply CO . tuck' voice Jack ! what 's that loud tapping sound !? 252 int . truck's cargo area - close on jack teeth chatter loudly . ( the tapping sound hear by tuck . ) camera pull back to reveal : Jack huddle in the corner among the box of freeze food . his entire body shaking beneath a thin layer of frost . his punk hair spike look like invert icicle . 253 ext . seclude spot beneath the golden gate bridge - day the frozen food truck be park . a limo roll up beside it . henchmen rush to open the back door , and victor scrimshaw slide out . scrimshaw 's dress and demeanor suggest a man of near limitless power . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 254 73. * int . cargo area of truck the cargo door be flung open . sunlight pour in . Jack lift he head to look , squinting against the light . he resemble some kind of friendly snow creature . scrimshaw climb into the truck . one of the henchmen thoughtfully throw a huge fur coat over scrimshaw 's shoulder , make he look even more formidable than before . snowflake cling to Jack 's eyelash as he look up at the tower scrimshaw . scrimshaw look down at Jack impassively , then call off : Dr. canker ! scrimshaw get in here ! Dr. Margaret canker sweep out of the limo and be help into the truck 's cargo area by a henchman . scrimshaw indicate Jack . canker whip out a stethoscope and check Jack 's chest . scrimshaw well ? canker early stage hypothermia . scrimshaw ( mull it over ) do we need he alive ? Jack 's eye widen at this . canker he should be alive . oh , yes . Jack look relieved . scrimshaw ( to henchman ) bring a blanket ! canker I know how to warm he up ... she begin to run she hand up the inside of Jack 's leg . Jack 's eye widen again . scrimshaw knock it off , Margaret ! a blanket . here come the henchman clamber into the truck with a instantly produce blanket and drape it over Jack 's shoulder . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 74 . henchman we be take he to the lab now , Mr. scrimshaw . would you like ride in the limo ? scrimshaw no , no . go on ahead . it 's a short trip . I be go to stay back here and keep a eye on he . canker I will stay with he . scrimshaw forget it , Margaret . take the limo . canker pack up she medical bag as if she do not care . 255 ext . truck a henchman close the truck 's cargo door , then jump into the limo . the limo drive away . then the truck begin to rumble off as well . 256 int . truck's cargo area scrimshaw pull up a box of freeze food and take a seat next to Jack . he light up a fat cigar and blow smoke into the air . scrimshaw nuclear weapon , Jack ?... ( beat ) ... they mean nothing . everybody 's get them ; nobody 's get the ball to use them . be I right ? Jack shiver silently , not dare to say a word . scrimshaw Space you say ? ( pause ) Space be a flop . do not you know that ? a endless junk yard of orbit debris . ( pause ) ahhhh ... but miniaturization , Jack . that 's the ticket . ( beat ) it 's the edge everyone 's be look for . but who will have that edge , Jack ? what country will control miniaturization ? ( pause ) frankly , I do not give a shit . I be only in this for the money . and that 's why we gotta get that little pod out from inside of you . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 75 . scrimshaw punctuate this remark with a finger jabbe forcefully into Jack 's rib . Jack look worried . scrimshaw settles back to enjoy he cigar . 257 ext . highway - day lydia zip along in the open-topped Ferrari . a truck try to pass she . she casually glance up at its driver -- and recognize igoe behind the wheel . lydia react . she lighten up on the gas , allow the truck to pull ahead of she . 258 int . the pod tuck I have some bad news for we , Jack . look like we have fall into the hand of the bandit . they be take we to some lab , and I do not like the sound of that . 259 jack - inside the truck listen in silence . huddle under the blanket , he have begin to warm up a bit . tuck' voice Jack ... glance around slowly so that I can get the lay of the land . 260 jack Pov as he eye pan : box of freeze food come into view . then the hulk , furcoate scrimshaw site nearby . then the cargo door ... tuck' voice go back , Jack ! go back . go back to the door . Jack 's glance return to the door . we see that they be not properly close . the latch be not in place . a crack of daylight show through . 261 tuck - inside the pod view the unlock door on he monitor . tuck Jack , this be it . the door be unlock . we can take they by surprise : bust outta here before they know what hit them ! ( beat ) can you do it , Jack ? cough if you can do it . tuck wait for the cough . silence . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 tuck okay , jack. listen to I . this be you moment . this be you turn to be the hero , Jack . ( more ) 75a . revise 11/8/85 76 . tuck ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) psyche yourself up . look at the door . ( you gonna stack soup can all you life , Jack ? ) see yourself leaping to you foot . ( gonna bag grocery until you die , Jack ? ) see yourself push open the door ! see yourself jump from the truck ! can you see it , Jack !? can you see it !? 262 jack - inside the truck shed he blanket and jump to he foot . jack I can see it !! scrimshaw huh ! Jack ! no ! tuck' voice wait until -- Jack charge toward the cargo door and fling they open . tuck' voice -- the truck have stop ... too late . the door swing out . the highway fly by underneath at sixty mile per hour . Jack cling to one of the door . jack ohhhhhhhhhhh !!!... Jack hold on for dear life -- he foot kick in midair , several foot above the surface of the roadway . scrimshaw try to reach out and grab he . it 's just too damned dangerous . he fail -- scrimshaw you stupid idiot ! 263 tuck - inside the pod share Jack 's Pov of he precarious situation . can not look . he cover he eye . 264 tuck lydia - drive in the ferrari see event unfold before she . now she speed up . she have keep back , but * revise 11/8/85 265 77 . * scrimshaw - inside the truck begin to pound against the back wall to alert igoe in the driver 's cab . scrimshaw stop the truck ! stop the truck ! 266 igoe - inside the cab have a radio turn up full volume play " ride of the valkyry . " he can not hear scrimshaw 's pound . we notice that Jack , swinging on the cargo door , be briefly visible in the sideview mirror . igoe glance into the mirror , but too late : Jack have already swing back out of sight . 267 scrimshaw - inside the truck see that the door be swinging back toward the truck . he position himself to grab hold of Jack . Jack see what 's come . he put out he foot and kick off against scrimshaw 's chest . scrimshaw ooomph ! Jack and the door swing back out over the highway , and scrimshaw tumble backwards into the box of freeze food . 268 lydia - in the ferrari zoom up behind the truck . lydia jump in , Jack ! jump in ! 269 jack look down . both vehicle be do sixty and the door be swinging back and forth . scrimshaw have get to he foot and be advance unsteadily toward Jack . lydia jump ! tuck' voice jump ! Jack let he foot drop down into the Ferrari , but continue to cling to the door with he hand . revise 11/8/85 78. * the two vehicle begin to drift apart . Jack 's hand be attach to one ; he foot be attach to the other . it look like he 's be stretch . lydia reach out , grab Jack 's pant leg . lydia let go ! let go !? jack be you crazy !! lydia steer the Ferrari in closer to the truck . lydia now let go ! Jack let go and fall backwards into the Ferrari 's passenger seat . lydia stomp on the gas pedal and roar off ahead of the truck . she see a sign up ahead : s.f. INTERNATIONAL airport - next exit . she cut in front of three lane of traffic , include the truck , and take the exit . 270 lydia and jack exchange a expression of victory . 271 tuck - inside the pod recover from all the excitement by drain he pocket flask . tuck this stuff have really lose its kick . he toss the empty flask aside . 272 int . MAIN concourse - s.f. INTERNATIONAL airport - day the cowboy stride across the concourse . 273 jack and lydia observe the cowboy from a distance . lydia there he be . the cowboy . I have be tracking he movement for month . Jack look nervous ; he glance anxiously at he watch . jack what have this get to do with tuck ? revise 11/8/85 79 . tuck' voice good question . lydia maybe everything . ( beat ) the cowboy deal in steal technology . he 's a middleman . why do you think he arrive today ? dollar to donut he lead we right to that chip . the cowboy get on a pay phone . lydia I would love to know who he 's call . jack maybe I can hear . lydia very funny . jack I mean it . lydia he 's fifty foot away . jack let I try ... 274 tuck - inside the pod make the proper adjustment to heighten the sensitivity of Jack 's hearing . 275 jack look directly at the cowboy and begin to hear , despite the echoing din of the crowded concourse . jack he 's leave a message for somebody ... ( beat ; listen ) Victor scrimshaw . ( beat ) hey ! that be the guy in the truck ! amaze , lydia fumble in she pocket for a pad and pencil . lydia I do not believe this . jack ( listen ) he 's stay at the Mark hopkins Hotel . he want scrimshaw to pick he up at six in the morning ... * revise 11/8/85 80 . lydia ( take note ) six in the morning ? jack ( listen ) he say he never sleep . the cowboy hang up and walk off . notebook . lydia put away she lydia ( to Jack ) you be amazing . jack ( smile ) you be pretty wonderful yourself . lydia smile awkwardly . lydia let 's go . as they walk briskly off : jack who be Victor scrimshaw , anyway ? lydia he 's very mysterious -- and very powerful . I can call the paper for he file when we get there . jack get where ? lydia the Mark hopkins Hotel . 276 ext . MARK hopkin HOTEL - day the cowboy arrive by cab . moment later , Jack and lydia drive up in the Ferrari . they disappear into the hotel parking garage . 277 int . HOTEL parking garage Jack find a parking space . oddly enough , there be at least twenty other ferraris park nearby . Jack and lydia get out from the car . jack this place look like a Ferrari owner 's convention ! * revise 11/8/85 81 . lydia get the suitcase from the trunk . jack huh ?... lydia I be check in . it 's less suspicious if I have a suitcase . Jack open the trunk , discover the suitcase . jack how would you know this be here ? lydia tuck always keep a pack suitcase in the trunk -( suggestively ) -- just in case he wake up in a ' strange place . ' 278 tuck - inside the pod wince painfully . tuck ( to himself ) do not know she know about that suitcase . 279 int . HOTEL lobby the cowboy have just register . a Bell Boy be take he to he room . as they walk to the elevator , they pass a signboard that read : welcome ! ferrari owner of america National Convention Main Ball room 280 int . cowboy's HOTEL room cowboy sit on the bed polish a pair of dressy lizardskin boot . country & western music play loudly from the radio . 281 int . jack and lydia' HOTEL room they can hear the loud C & W music pound through the wall . lydia I tip the desk clerk a twenty . he put we right next door to the cowboy . ( more ) * revise 11/8/85 82. lydia ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) listen for any sound of he leave he room . I will be in the bedroom call my paper . jack okay . Jack watch lydia depart into the bedroom ; he eye drink in every inch of she . 282 tuck - inside the pod also ogle lydia on he monitor , sighing deeply to himself . then he realize what 's go on : tuck hey ! cut that out ! what be you look at ? I think you be a gentleman ! 283 jack - inside the HOTEL room jack ( to tuck ; softly ) c'mon , tuck . who can blame I ? she 's one in a million . ( beat ) what 's the deal between you two , anyway ? tuck' voice ( angrily ) never mind . 284 int . victor scrimshaw's office scrimshaw be on the phone and he 's hopping mad . scrimshaw Margaret ! I be meeting with the cowboy tomorrow morning and I still do not have that other chip ! 285 int . a bedroom Dr. canker be sit on the edge of the bed in a spaghetti-strap negligee , the phone press to she ear . canker that 's not much time , I - intercut between canker and scrimshaw : * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 83. scrimshaw -- we have he ! he slip right through we finger ! I be think maybe you boy igoe 's not all he 's crack up to be , Margaret ! canker 's eye begin to blaze . canker you be crazy ! ( beat ) he 's the most perfect creature on earth . just then , igoe enter the bedroom wear a silk robe , carry a bottle of wine and two glass . canker regards he with adoration . scrimshaw ( from phone ) just find that idiot supermarket clerk -- and do not let the cowboy out of you sight , either ! igoe take the phone from canker 's hand and hang it up . she turn and throw open he robe revealing a tattoo on he chest . 286 close on tattoo a large heart , fill with rose and a scroll with the name " Margaret " write across it . 287 canker gently run she finger over the tattoo , then look up into igoe 's eye . canker come to momma . he embrace she passionately . * revise 11/8/85 288 84 . int . newspaper PRESS room - day duane flornoy be on the phone . he have punch up Victor scrimshaw 's file on he computer -- the monitor before he display scrimshaw 's picture and bio . flornoy ( into phone ) ... this be one mean dude , lydia . I can not believe this guy : legal council to repute organize crime figure ; administrator of four teamster pension fund ; suspect of black market arm deal ... yet somehow he manage to keep he nose clean . 289 int . HOTEL bedroom lydia on the phone , take note . lydia anything else ? flornoy's voice yeah . ( beat ) they say he keep Jimmy hoffa 's wristwatch in he desk drawer as a souvenir . 290 int . the pod tuck cast a concerned glance at he air-supply gauge . tuck Jack , I have get about nine hour of air leave in here . I think it 's time we formulate a plan . 291 int . the HOTEL room Jack be steal a glance at lydia through the partiallyclosed bedroom door . now he turn away . great ! 292 jack a plan . let 's do it . tuck - inside the pod seem troubled by Jack 's sudden enthusiasm . tuck you be awfully eager , be not you ? * revise 11/8/85 85 . jack voice you bet . I be into this now . I be hook on adventure . what 's you plan ? tuck be not sure he like this new attitude of Jack 's . tuck okay . the cowboy will lead we to the chip , right ? jack voice right . tuck so ... you be go to be the cowboy . 293 jack - in the HOTEL room wear a freeze half - smile on he face . jack me. tuck' voice sure . and when scrimshaw 's man come by to pick up the cowboy , they be gonna get you and I instead . jack yeah ... but I do not look like the cowboy . tuck' voice let I worry about that . Jack seem hesitant . then he see lydia emerge from bedroom -- she usual vision of efficient loveliness . all right . jack I will do it . lydia you will do what ? jack ( to lydia ) I have a plan ... 294 int . the cowboy's HOTEL room the cowboy be try on a flamboyantly embroider silk western shirt in front of the mirror . * revise 11/8/85 86 . cowboy ( sing along with the radio in a weird , thick accent ) ' ... mama , do not let you son grow up to be cowboy ... ' he continue to sing as he put on he generous supply of gold ring , chain and bracelet . 295 int . jack and lydia' room lydia have just hear Jack 's plan . she seem resistant . lydia I do not know , Jack . it 's a good plan , but it seem dangerous . Victor scrimshaw like to play hardball . jack ( firmly ) I be not afraid . lydia well ... neither be I . I have never run from danger in my life . jack then do not start now . lydia I be not go to ... ( beat ) ... but be you sure you can pull this off ? jack ( modestly clear he throat ) well ... I do have two year of high school drama under my belt . as a matter of fact , I once understudied the Sky masterson role in a production of guy and doll . lydia good . that 's good , Jack . the thing to do now be stay close to the cowboy . wherever he go tonight , that 's where we be go . jack we be not exactly dress for a night on the town . * * revise 11/8/85 87 . lydia ( head for the door ) there 's a dress shop in the lobby . ( beat ) you can dip into tuck 's suitcase . 296 tuck - inside the pod tuck ( to Jack ; peevishly ) go ahead ! dip all you want . nothing will fit you ! 297 int . the HOTEL room - later Jack have just finish dress into tuck 's clothes . a rumple but sporty look . and everything fit . lydia emerge from the bedroom in she new dress . Jack turn in she direction and have to gasp for breath . jack you look ... beautiful . lydia thank you , Jack . and you look ... her voice trail off . a wistful look come into she expression and she gently run she hand down Jack 's lapel . jack what 's the matter ? lydia oh , nothing . I be just remind of a time when tuck wear this jacket ... 298 tuck - inside the pod seem to melt as he view lydia 's melancholy expression . tuck ( as if he be talk directly to lydia ) it be the night we first meet . you be write that article about I . we have dinner and talk until three in the morning . I get drunk and fall down a manhole walk you home . 299 jack and lydia - in the HOTEL room the SOUND of a door close break the mood . * 88 . lydia what be that ? jack a door ... the cowboy ! lydia he 's leave . lydia peek out into the : 300 corridor where the cowboy be walk . he turn down another corridor , pass a room service waiter , and head for the elevator . 301 camera hold on room service waiter who be actually one of igoe 's henchmen . he wait for the cowboy to board the elevator , then whip out a walkie-talkie . henchman ( into walkie - talkie ) the cowboy ride ! the henchman then wheel he serve tray away . moment later , Jack and lydia arrive from the opposite direction and approach the elevator . 302 ext . the HOTEL - night a new , black mercede 500 sel be park across the street from the hotel . 303 int . the 500 sel igoe sit in the back . two henchmen sit up front . igoe I love this car . you can not beat german engineering . the henchmen begin to giggle . 304 igoe glare at they . int . HOTEL lobby the door to the Main Ball room swing open and ferrari owner pour out , talk loudly to one another . at the same moment , the cowboy emerge from the elevator , walk through the mob of Ferrari conventioneer and out the front door . all the while be observe by another henchman dress as a Bell Boy . 89 . bellboy henchman ( into walkie- talkie ) cowboy out of the chute ! 305 int . HOTEL parking garage - night Jack and lydia hurry towards they park car . meanwhile , Ferrari conventioneer arrive at they car . engine FIRE up throughout the garage . 306 ext . HOTEL - night the cowboy wait for a cab . 307 int . the 500 sel - night igoe keep a eye on the cowboy , see a cab pull up and the cowboy climb in . igoe there he go . follow that cab . henchman look ! igoe look again -- see Jack 's Ferrari drive out of the parking garage . igoe it 's he ! henchman who do I follow ?... igoe the Ferrari ! the henchman begin to pull away from the curb , when : henchman which Ferrari ?? igoe huh ?! 308 ext . STREET in front of HOTEL - night suddenly , the street be fill with ferraris zooming off in all direction . many of they look just like Jack 's . 309 int . 500 sel igoe 's head be spin as four identical red ferraris roar by . igoe forget the Ferrari ! follow the cab ! 90 . henchman where would it go ?! everyone look . 310 in the confusion , the cab have disappear . close on igoe boil mad . gnash he tooth . from he stretch lip . 311 White foam bubbles ext . san francisco STREET - night the Ferrari stick close to the cab 's tail . 312 int . the ferrari - traveling - night a white scarf , wrap around Jack 's neck , snap in the wind . lydia after we get the microchip back , how do we get tuck ? jack do not worry . I be in ... uh ... constant touch with he . lydia you be what ?! ( beat ) I can not figure you out , Jack . but I know there 's a lot you be not tell I . jack trust I , lydia . the time will come when I will tell you everything . but this be not it . ( beat ) the cab 's pull over ! 313 ext . nightclub - night the cab pull up to a trendy night club and the cowboy jump out . loud music fill the air and shake the wall . people mill around the entrance : a mixture of hardcore punk and adventurous yuppies . one of this people be : 314 wendy she wear she hair in pink and orange spike and be dress in a black leather mini-dress studd with metal rivet . revise 11/8/85 91 . Wendy be stunne to see Jack drive up in a Ferrari with lydia at he side . her jaw drop open . * wendy ( to herself ) Jack ... Jack leave the Ferrari in the charge of a parking attendant at the curb . he and lydia shoulder they way through the crowd toward the club entrance . wendy Jack ! Jack turn -- can not believe he eye : Wendy , the punk harlot . jack Wendy ... she can not keep she hand off he . my God , Jack ! wendy look at you ! jack uh ... look at you , Wendy ... lydia ( to Jack ) I be go in before we lose he ! lydia push she way into the club . but Wendy have ahold on he arm . 315 Jack want to follow , int . the nightclub crowd . jamme . smoke-filled . music blasting . Jack and Wendy be dance . the dance floor as they dance : wendy ... I can not believe it , Jack ! it 's so exciting . I mean , how long have you be lead this double life ? jack oh , for a while now . Jack steal a glance at : 316 lydia and the cowboy who be also dance together . the cowboy be wild and uninhibit in he movement . lydia entice he on , play up to he . 92 . 317 int . nightclub - much later lydia and the cowboy be seat at a table . he smoke a big cigar , drink whiskey and whisper in she ear . she laugh and play with she hair . Jack and Wendy be at a table nearby . Jack 's attention be equally divide between Wendy and lydia . wendy ... I know I have be mean to you , Jack . I be a real shit sometimes . it 's probably on account of my life suck like it do . I be a complete mess , you know . I mean ... I think you be the only person at the market I have not sleep with , and like -- you be the only one I be even partially attract to ! Jack smile painfully . wendy that lady be signal to you . Jack turn , see lydia gesture he over . from he table . Wendy follow . Jack get up the cowboy see they approach . cowboy this be get good ! lydia cowboy , this be Jack and , uh ... wendy Wendy . cowboy howdy , Wendy and Jack . Jack and Wendy sit down . jack hi , cowboy . the cowboy smile broadly and look from one face to the next . cowboy say ! look like we get just the right number for a foursome ! Jack , lydia and Wendy be speechless . jack ( to lydia ) I hope he mean golf . finally : revise 11/8/85 93. the cowboy laugh uproariously and pound the table . cowboy ( wiping the tear from he eye ) Jack , you be a real clown ! lydia uh ... c'mon , cowboy . let 's dance . the cowboy leap to he foot . cowboy okay , buffalo gal ! do the cotteney Joe ! cowboy and lydia dance off . wendy what a weirdo . 318 the bar - later Jack be pay for two beer as lydia come up behind he . lydia ( urgently ) he 's take I back to the hotel . jack I will go with you ! no ! we . lydia we be take a cab . I have to go . follow she hurry away . Jack take the beer to Wendy who be wait for he at the table . sorry , Wendy . jack gotta go . wendy ( disappointed ) oh. okay ... ( smile anyway ) see ya , Jack ... Jack smile back and hurry off . Wendy watch he go with a sad expression on she face . 319 ext . san francisco STREET - night four o'clock in the morning . the sun be almost come up . the street be desert . the Ferrari streak by . * 94 . 320 int . the ferrari Jack behind the wheel . tuck' voice hurry up ! jack I be speed now ! I be do fifty ! tuck' voice do not leave she alone in that hotel room with that sleazy cowboy ! jack hey -- I do not want they together any more than you do ! tuck' voice you do not ? ( warily ) why not ? jack well , I ... tuck' voice you be in love with she ! I know it ! jack I hardly know she ! tuck' voice you be in love with she ! jack be you ?! tuck' voice I ... uh ... well ... jack you be ! tuck' voice damn ... jack shit ... 321 ext . the HOTEL - night a cab pull up . 322 the cowboy climb out with lydia . int . 500 sel - night park across from the hotel with two henchmen inside . they observe the cowboy 's return . 95 . good . henchman one he 's back . yeah . henchman two and he get lucky . henchman one good for he . now , let 's go home and get some sleep . oh , no . henchman two look . it 's the Ferrari . we see Jack 's Ferrari enter the parking garage . so what ? tonight . 323 henchman one it 's the tenth one let 's go . int . HOTEL corridor Jack stride purposefully down the corridor toward the cowboy 's room . tuck' voice I have get you adrenaline pump ! can you feel it ! jack I can feel it ! tuck' voice you be strong ! very strong ! you feel strong ? do jack I feel strong ! ( beat ) there 's he room ! tuck' voice kick in the door ! bash ! 324 Jack kick open the door . int . the cowboy's room the cowboy be catch stand in the middle of the room wear nothing but he stetson hat and european - style black bikini underwear . Jack react to the sight . cowboy ( smile , but surprised ) Big Jack ! innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 96 . tuck' voice Duke the sonofabitch !! Jack 's fist fly out -- pow ! -- catch the cowboy on the jaw and send he unconscious to the floor . lydia rush in from the corridor . lydia what happen ?! jack ( confuse ) where be you ?? next door . lydia in my room . jack ooops . tuck' voice beauty punch anyway , Jack . dissolve to : 325 int . pod tuck ( to Computer ) what give people certain physical characteristic ? computer voice gene . tuck think we can tamper with he gene a little ? computer voice sound like fun , I will admit . but genetic alteration can only occur before conception . tuck shit ... tuck look depressed . then : computer voice be you think permanent or temporary change ? tuck ( surprised by the question ) temporary . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 96a . computer voice ohhhh ... that 's different . 326 * * int . HOTEL room - later lydia knock on the close bathroom door . lydia how 's it go in there ? jack ( from within ) Fine , fine . just give I a few more minute . 327 int . the bathroom the cowboy be bound and gag and seat on the toilet . Jack , dress in the cowboy 's western atire , stand before the mirror look at himself . * tuck' voice get ready . what I be go to do be , electronically stimulate some gland . see if I can not enhance they hormonal secretion . Jack shudder at the think . tuck' voice here go !... 97 . 328 close on jack face as portion of it begin to bulge ! forehead . Bridge of the nose . Chin . they swell slightly , then receed , then swell again in a horrific " ripple effect . " jack ( startle by what he see in mirror ) ahhhh !! the cowboy observe this hideous display with frantic alarm . his eye pop and he struggle against he gag and binding . mmmmmphhh ! cowboy humphmiffffddd ! tuck' voice wait a minute ... I be get the hang of it now ... how 's this ? a cracking , stretching sound be hear and Jack 's nose begin to get thin and longer . that 's it . jack that 's he nose exactly ! tuck' voice let 's go for the cheekbone now . pop ! SNAP ! sculpture . Jack 's cheek bone become distinctly more jack perfect ! the cowboy can take no more of this bizarre event . faint dead away . 329 int . HOTEL room - later the bathroom door open and Jack stride out as the cowboy . he 's a almost perfect twin . lydia gasp . lydia Jack ? jack yup. lydia ohmygod , Jack ... she do a 360 degree tour of he body . lydia ohmygod ... ohmygod ... he revise 11/8/85 then : 98. a knock at the door . * lydia and Jack tense up . jack showtime ! ( beat ) open the door . lydia open the door to two of igoe 's henchmen . henchman # 1 Mr. cowboy , we be ready to take you to see Mr. scrimshaw . good . jack let 's hit the trail . ( Jack do a reasonably good imitation of the cowboy 's strange accent and guttural tone . ) Jack and lydia begin to leave when one of the henchmen hold lydia back . henchman the one -nighter stay . lydia flash Jack a threaten look . throw a arm around she shoulder . Jack good - naturedly jack why , nonsense , boy -- I do not go nowhere without this little filly . the henchmen shrug indifferently . lydia smile at Jack . as they leave the room , Jack be certain to leave the do not disturb sign dangle from the doorknob . 330 ext . napa valley - morning a limo glide silently through the roll hill of the Napa Valley wine country . 331 int . the limo - morning the two henchmen ride up front . Jack and lydia in back . they glance out the window and wonder where they be be take . 332 tuck - inside the pod glance at he air supply gauge . tuck Three hour of air leave , Jack . we cut this a bit close ? no reply from Jack . be not innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 99 . * tuck hey ... wait a minute ! why do not I think of this before ? I will go to the lung , open the hatch and take in more air ! ( to Computer ; confidently ) take I to the lung ! computer voice uh ... I have some bad news for you . ( beat ) the hatch only open from the outside . tuck look stunne . right . he try the hatch . the Computer be tuck damn ! leave it to the inventor of 3 - D action man !! computer voice sorry , player number one. 333 ext . the limo - morning it leave the main highway and turn up a narrow dirt road that wind into the hill . 334 ext . scrimshaw's compound - morning the limo enter the wall - in compound nestle deep in the Napa hill . the limo park and Jack and lydia be greet by two more henchmen who lead they away . also park in the drive be igoe 's black 500 sel . 335 ext . the compound several dwelling occupy the compound grounds . Jack and lydia be take on a tangle journey between building , through a courtyard and down a long , narrow breezeway . Jack glance at a huge wrought- iron aviary housing a large assortment of rare and exotic bird . 336 int . a solarium Jack and lydia be ushere into the solarium ( a glassedin veranda ) where a large breakfast table have be set . seat at the table be several henchmen , Dr. canker and Victor scrimshaw -- dress in a elegant summer suit . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 100 . a friendly - look golden retriever be curl restfully on the floor near its food dish . scrimshaw rise . scrimshaw hello , cowboy . come in . join we . sit down . jack ( in a aside to lydia ) do you think we be close friend ? lydia I hope not . Jack and lydia approach the table . scrimshaw how long have it be , cowboy ? jack uh ... you tell I . scrimshaw almost ten year ... both Jack and lydia look relieved . scrimshaw do not you remember ? ( beat ) idi Amin 's barbecue . oh , yes . jack how could I forget . canker ( suggestively ) you have not forget the last time we see each other , have you , cowboy ? Jack smile uncomfortably . scrimshaw you look taller , cowboy . jack ( after a moment 's hesitation ) lift . he point down to he cowboy boot . scrimshaw nod , then signal to he servant with the coffee pot . sit down . scrimshaw coffee ? * * * * * * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 100a . Jack and lydia glance around the table at the decidedly unfriendly face of the henchmen . they sit . scrimshaw produce two cigar from he pocket . scrimshaw ( to Jack ) please join I . I believe this be the kind you like ... Cuban . Jack take the cigar and light up apprehensively . be probably he first cigar . he draw in deeply . 337 this tuck - inside the pod look out through the view dome , see a thick cloud of smoke roll he way . the smoke envelope the pod , darken everything . seem alarmed . he turn on he high beam . tuck revise 11/8/85 338 101 . * jack be choke on cigar smoke . lydia slap he on the back . scrimshaw look on . finally Jack regains he composure . he put the cigar to one side . scrimshaw all right , then . so much for the pleasantry . let 's get down to business . ( glance at canker ) Dr. canker . canker clear she throat . canker ( to Jack ) miniaturization work on a dual - chip system . we have one chip in we possession at this moment . we will have the other one shortly . scrimshaw anticipate a angry reaction from Jack -- but do not get one . Fine . jack I will take what you have get . canker and scrimshaw exchange a look . canker ( to Jack ) you do understand , the first chip only miniaturize ... both chip be require for re-enlargement . jack right . we will whet they appetite with what we have get ! scrimshaw good point . ( to canker ) show he the chip . canker take a gold pill box from she pocket and place it on the table . Jack and lydia conceal they excitement . canker open the pill box and hold up the chip with a pair of surgical tweezers . 339 tuck - inside the pod see the chip on he display monitor . there it be ! the only thing on earth that can save he . so close and yet so far . revise 11/8/85 340 jack and lydia 102 . * react to the chip the same as tuck . Jack reach out for it . * scrimshaw not so fast , my friend . if I let you take the chip , you must leave something behind as collateral ... scrimshaw glance at Jack 's hand . cowboy 's flashy gold ring . Jack wear one of the scrimshaw that. jack the ring ? scrimshaw the finger . no. Jack and lydia react . 341 tuck - inside the pod tuck that bastard ! 342 return to scene one of the henchmen grab Jack 's wrist and slam he hand to the table top . scrimshaw do not worry , cowboy . when it come to re-attach severe limb , Dr. canker here have pioneer the field . canker we will just keep that little baby on ice for you . jack but -- but -- but -- but ... scrimshaw snap he finger and igoe enter the solarium . lydia quickly turn she face away , fear igoe will recognize she . igoe hold a surgical scalpel in he hand -- sunlight glisten off its blade . 343 int . the pod tuck look in he monitor and see that igoe have arrive on the scene . then , he electronic equipment begin to buzz and crackle . dial begin to spin -- just like in the Chinatown restaurant . * revise 11/8/85 103 . tuck damnit ! every time this guy show up my equipment go haywire ! what 's he get -- a pacemaker ?! he lose radio and video contact . light flash on and off . tuck Jack ! Jack ! can you hear I , Jack !? something 's go wrong ! I can not hold the balance on this hormone ! 344 return to veranda where everyone be look at Jack in absolute , stunne horror . 345 on jack as he face begin to stretch and bulge ! be totally out of control . the hormone his skull begin to enlarge . his neck thicken . his nose turn into a animal 's snout and push forward from he face . horrible snapping , stretching , cracking sound be hear . Jack moan painfully . 346 lydia , scrimshaw , canker , igoe , henchmen and servant can not believe they eye . scrimshaw God in heaven , deliver we from Satan ! a servant drop the coffee pot with a crash . lydia scream . and then ... 347 canker gasp . jack face abruptly snap back to normal . be not the cowboy at all . it 's he ! and everyone see that he igoe the one with the pod ! scrimshaw grab he ! Jack grab the chip and try to escape . scrimshaw he 's get the chip ! henchmen rush toward Jack . lydia upend the table in they face . coffee and breakfast muffins go fly . henchmen slip on the solarium 's tile floor . igoe leap in front of Jack , block he path . * * * revise 11/8/85 104 . * jack lydia -- catch ! Jack toss the chip toward lydia , but it go over she shoulder and land in the dog dish with a soft plop . igoe throw he arm around Jack and lock he in a viselike bear hug . we hear Jack 's bone begin to SNAP . scrimshaw push the Golden retriever away from its dish - scrimshaw get outta there !! -- and begin to dig around in the gooey kal - kan for the chip . 348 tuck - inside the pod can feel the pod 's wall begin to bend as : 349 jack be be squeeze by igoe . 350 scrimshaw find the chip . he hold it up in he sticky , brown hand . then turn to igoe . scrimshaw hey , do not kill he ! lock he up . the girl , too . igoe release Jack , who have go cross -ey from igoe 's squeezing . 351 int . a wine cellar Jack and lydia be lock in the cellar . cally look for a way out . Jack franti- jack we have get to get out of here ! there 's only two hour leave ! ( turn to lydia ) do not just stand there . help ! lydia not until you tell I what 's go on ! I want to know everything ! right now ! Jack be silent for a moment . tuck' voice what the hell . you might as well tell she . revise 11/8/85 352 105 . int . the compound - day Dr. canker hang up the phone , turn to scrimshaw . canker they be prepare the lab now . good . 353 scrimshaw we will take the chopper . int . the wine cellar lydia wear a delirious , flabbergasted expression of skepticism and disbelief . jack ( to tuck ) I do not think she believe I . lydia you be talk to he right now , be not you ? no ... it can not be true . 354 tuck - inside the pod tuck I will just have to prove it to she . ( beat ) Jack ... repeat to lydia exactly what I say . 355 jack - in the wine cellar jack okay . Jack approach lydia . she look at he expectantly . jack ( repeat tuck 's word ) lydia ... you be right . I do fight too much , and I do drink too much , and I have ruin everything that 's good in my life . ( beat ) you be the best thing in it , lydia . and I throw you away , too . I be a big dumb palooka ... just like you say I be . lydia be convinced . her mouth drop open and she eye moisten . she 's look at Jack , but she 's see tuck . lydia oh , tuck ... it be you . * revise 11/8/85 106 . she throw she arm around Jack 's neck . Jack be not sure what to do with he arm . he step back from lydia . okay ! jack wait a minute here ! lydia look perplex , as well she might consider the situation . jack tuck , I want a moment alone ! tuck' voice huh ? jack shut down you sensor . no picture . tuck' bad idea , Jack . I would dark . and what if I contact ? no , Jack . no sound . voice be navigate in the could not restore I can not do that . jack I want a moment alone . tuck' voice alone with lydia , you mean ! jack you owe I this , tuck ! it dawns on lydia that she 's in the middle . okay , Jack . silence . then : tuck' voice sign off . tuck cut out . Jack can feel a change in he body : a momentary sensation of freedom that be reflect in he expression . he take lydia 's hand in both he own . jack lydia ... I be not sure what I want to say to you . I have only know you for less than a day , but - loud footstep be hear come down the cellar step . lydia they be come ! jack well , no time for word ! Jack impulsively take lydia in he arm and kiss she . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 356 107 . ext . the pod swirl and spin . caught in a whirlpool ; a maelstrom of foam liquid . 357 int . the pod tuck fight for control of the craft . what he see outside he view dome resemble a undersea view of the crash surf . but in truth ... it be mere human saliva . 358 int . the wine cellar Jack break the kiss and lydia 's eye remain close . then , the door be throw open and igoe stand frame in the doorway . igoe let 's go ! 359 int . the pod tuck be try frantically to restore communication to he pod. tuck Jack ? do you read I ? ( beat ) damn ! no reception ! I know I should not have shut down my sensor ! ( look out he view dome ) where be I , anyway ? Jack ? * 360 ext . skie above the napa valley - day a pair of Bell jet Ranger helicopter fly over the landscape , head toward San Francisco . 361 int . the first chopper scrimshaw , Dr. canker and a henchman Pilot . revise 11/8/85 362 108 . int . the second chopper Jack , lydia , igoe and another henchman Pilot . lydia exchange worried glance . Jack and meanwhile ... 363 ext . the pod travel swiftly down a twist channel whose side be make up of delicate , convolute fold . the flood light atop the pod illuminate the way . 364 int . the pod tuck look out the view dome . the twist channel be open into a dark , hollow chamber . and then tuck see something more incredible than anything he have ever see in he entire life . his eye widen and he jaw drop open in astonishment . tuck oh my God ... this be what tuck see : 365 a human fetus eight week old . curle in its sac of amniotic fluid . a tiny , unform human be . almost transparent . 366 ext . the pod it sail up to the fetus in the sac -- which in reality be only one inch long , but dwarf the pod like a giant . 367 tuck - inside the pod view the fetus . awed and overwhelm by the miracle of human life . move . speechless . then it hit he : tuck ( hushed ) lydia ... 368 ext . secret warehouse lab - day the helicopter land atop the warehouse situate on the dock . everyone pile out and disappear down a rooftop access . 369 int . the lab Jack and lydia be ushere into the lab . busy technician be involved with they work . canker lead everyone to : a pod innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 109 . rest on a platform . it look very much like tuck 's pod , except its color be a flat , metallic black . we will call it the black pod . canker there it be ! scrimshaw what be it ? canker we pod . perhaps not as sophisticated as the one inside Mr. putter , but I think it will get the job do . Jack and lydia exchange a puzzle glance . scrimshaw what job ? canker we will use the chip we have . Mr. igoe will be place in we pod , miniaturized and injected into Mr. putter . he will then locate they pod , eliminate its pilot by whatever mean necessary , take command of it and retrieve the second chip . Jack and lydia 's expression darken . * canker prepare the miniaturizer ! scrimshaw where can we stash the girl ? canker use my office . scrimshaw signal to the henchman who whisk lydia away . Jack be take to a stainless steel table and lash down . revise 11/8/85 370 110 . int . dr . canker' office lydia and the henchman enter the office . push lydia toward a chair . the henchman henchman just sit down and shut up . lydia do as she 's tell . 371 int . the lab igoe be now seat inside the Black pod . canker engage the pem 5000 ! technician pem functional . canker lower the miniaturization Cone ! a clear glass cone be lower from above , engulf the pod . Jack watch in wide - eye wonderment . 372 int . canker' office lydia snake she hand into she purse . suddenly , she 's on she foot with the electronic stun-gun point at the henchman . lydia stay right where you be ! this be a electronic stun-gun . a nonlethal personal defense weapon deploy a charge of five thousand vo -- oh , what the hell ... zap ! she fire the gun . five thousand volt enter the henchman 's body . he sink to he knee , but do not fall forward . he just kneel there : stun . * * lydia grab the phone and dial . lydia duane ! it 's I , lydia . listen carefully . I be be hold in a warehouse somewhere along the embarcadero . you have get to reach Pete blanchard for I ! 373 int . newspaper PRESS room - day duane flornoy be on the phone . blanchard ?! police ! flornoy Hell , I will call the * revise 11/8/85 111 . intercut between lydia and duane : lydia yes ! call the police . but call blanchard , too . tell he we have get tuck pendelton ! flornoy tuck who ? lydia pendelton . he will understand . tell he we be come in with tuck . Dr. nile have get to get ready for we at vector -scope . * flornoy lydia ... be you in as much trouble as you sound ? lydia maybe more . ( beat ) tell the police to look for the warehouse with the helicopter on the roof . flornoy whatever you say , lydia . lydia thanks , duane . lydia hang up the phone . she glance around the office , spot canker 's lab coat hang from a hook . she put it on . she go to the stunne henchman , take the pistol from under he coat and slip it into she pocket . then she exit the office . as the door slam behind she , the kneel henchman crash face - first onto the floor . 374 int . lab hallway lydia move briskly down the hallway . she arrive at a intersection and stop to look both way before proceeding . tuck' voice lydia . lydia gasp , jump and spin around . lydia what the hell !? - tuck' voice lydia , it 's I -- tuck . revise 11/8/85 112 . lydia tuck , where be ... ( it hit she ) oh , no . but ... how ? tuck' voice you must have kiss Jack , lydia . lydia I only ... I mean , he kiss I , but ... tuck' voice that 's not important . we have get to get that chip . my time be run out . lydia what about Jack ? tuck' voice we do not leave without he . 375 int . the lab lydia slip in unnotice , wear the lab coat . stand among the other technician . she Jack be strapped to the table . canker loom over he with a long hypodermic needle . Jack try to wiggle free . canker ready to inject the pod into the subject . scrimshaw wait a minute . after igoe take command of they pod , how do we get the chip out ? canker Mr. igoe will pilot the pod out through a tear duct or sweat gland . scrimshaw why chance it ? as soon as he take over the pod and get the chip , let 's re-enlarge ! canker while it 's still inside Mr. putter !? scrimshaw sure . Jack and lydia react in horror . revise 11/8/85 113. canker do you have any idea what kind of mess that would make ? hear this , Jack struggle valiantly against he binding . jack tuck ! give I some adrenaline ! make I strong , tuck ! Jack strain and strain and strain . his vein pop out in he neck , and ... SNAP ! SNAP ! SNAP ! SNAP ! he frees himself . look ! scrimshaw he 's loose ! grab he ! Lab technician rush forward to seize Jack . manfully , but there be too many of they . he struggle canker jab the needle into Jack 's arm and inject igoe and the Black pod into he body . he 's in ! canker igoe 's in ! lydia pull out the pistol take from the henchman and fire it into the air . everyone jump . lydia let go of he ! there be no heroes here , only scientist and engineer . they release Jack immediately . lydia come over to he side . jack ( to scrimshaw ) so ! you want to enlarge the pod while it be still inside I , huh ! well , let 's see who have the last laugh now ! ( beat ) everybody into the miniaturizer ! 376 ext . a san francisco STREET - day police car speed through the street , siren sounding . 377 int . the lab held at gunpoint , scrimshaw , canker and the Lab tech watch the miniaturization Cone descend down upon they . scrimshaw I will get you for this , Margaret ! the Cone fully engulf they now . revise 11/8/85 114 . jack let 's go ! wait ! lydia the chip ! Jack go back to the circuit board , find the chip and yank it free . voice I will take that now . Jack look up -- see that the henchman who lydia stunne have return . and he 's get a automatic rifle point at he . henchman Hand it over . Jack do not want to give up the chip . a idea hit he : jack here it come , tuck ! so say , he pop the chip into he mouth and swallow it . at the same moment , lydia come up behind the henchman and club he over the head with she gun . he once again sink to he knee . lydia let 's go ! they make a dash for a corridor , slamming a heavy metal door behind they . 378 int . the corridor they run down the corridor . lydia where 's the chip !? jack I swallow it ! lydia wince to herself . now they realize that they have seal themselves into a dead - end hallway . but they spot a ladder that lead to a trap door in the ceiling . lydia the roof ! jack let 's go ! 379 ext . the roof they emerge onto the roof and see the park helicopter . lydia it 's we only chance . revise 11/8/85 115 . then they see that the chopper be be guard by another henchman . jack do not worry . tuck 's give I the strength of ten man ! I will handle this . lydia but - tuck' voice -- do not tell he now ! Jack leap at the henchman with fly foot and fist - of - fury . wham ! bam ! pow ! the henchman go fly off the roof . 380 ext . a alley the henchman who lydia clubbed with she gun have regain consciousness , and now stagger out into the alley with he automatic rifle . he look up -- see he comrade fall from the sky . boom ! the fall henchman land on top of the other one , knock they both out cold . 381 ext . the rooftop Jack and lydia board one of the chopper and strap themselves in . jack c'mon , tuck ! tell I how to fly this thing ! lydia Jack - jack -- not now , lydia ! instruction ! tuck , give I lydia he can not , Jack ! he 's not in you anymore ! he 's in I ! Jack look flabbergasted . it take he a moment to recover . jack for how long ?... lydia since the wine cellar . revise 11/8/85 116 . jack ( sounding like Jerry Lewis ) you mean ... when I break ... and when I hit ... and when he fall over the thing ... it be not tuck who ... lydia it be you , Jack . all you . but we better get this thing in the air . tuck' voice lydia ! I be on the tip of you tongue ! get I back into Jack ! kiss he ! lydia grab Jack and plant one on he lip . his eye widen into saucer as lydia 's tongue go into he mouth . 382 ext . the pod propel with a mighty force , in a swirl of foam saliva , back into Jack 's body . 383 int . the chopper lydia break the kiss . wow ! jack what be that for !? tuck' voice hi , buddy ! jack ( disappointed ) oh. 384 tuck - inside the pod tuck Jack , turn on the master switch . disengage the clutch , then start the ignition . you have get two stick at you side . one for each hand . here 's what they be for ... 385 int . the lab the police burst in , but stop short at the sight of the weirdly - shimmer miniaturization Cone . police captain stay back , man ! he pull a handle and the Cone begin to rise . the policeman watch with bate breath until canker , scrimshaw and the Lab tech be fully reveal : each one about two foot tall . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 117 . * policeman Jesus Christ , Captain ... munchkin ! 386 ext . the rooftop the chopper lift off into the sky . 387 ext . the alley the henchmen be come to they sense . they look up , see the chopper fly off . they clamber up a fire escape toward the rooftop and the second chopper . 388 ext . the chopper it fly erratically out over the Bay , then practically drop from the sky , plunging toward the water . then , only several foot from the water 's surface , it level off and begin to gain altitude . 389 int . the chopper - flying Jack have a firm grip on both stick , if not the situation itself . 390 tuck - inside the pod tuck keep you rpm in the green , Jack ! I have get to reach that microchip before the other guy do . he turn to one of he display monitor . it show a wire - frame image of Jack 's body . two light be blink . one represent the chip , the other represent the Black pod . computer voice player number two be take the digestive system . tuck right . but I can beat he by take the circulatory system , can not I ? computer voice yes . but that mean go through the heart , player number one ! tuck I know ... but it 's worth a shot . ( to Jack ) I be go through the heart , Jack . it could get hairy in there . you pulse rate be up to one hundred and seventy . my pod might not withstand the beat . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 391 117a . ext . black pod coursing through the soft muscle tissue that resemble huge strand of wire rope . igoe be visible through the cockpit dome . revise 11/8/85 392 118. int . the black pod igoe check he instrument . sonar " blip " pin-point the location of the chip and tuck 's pod . igoe be surprised by what he see : igoe ha , ha ! you fool ! you will never make it through the heart ! 393 ext . rooftop of warehouse lab the two henchmen take off in the second chopper . 394 ext . san francisco - oakland BAY bridge Jack 's chopper almost clip the top of the bridge . 395 int . the chopper jack that be close ! ( beat ) how do I find vector -scope ? lydia follow the freeway ! 396 ext . the chopper speed at a low altitude over the freeway . lower and lower ... 397 get int . the chopper Jack and lydia in a panic . lydia I say follow the freeway , not take the freeway ! jack I can not get it back up into the - lydia -- Jack , look !! 398 jack Pov they be fast approach the mouth of the Bay Bridge tunnel -- fly only inch above the traffic below they . jack oh , nooooo ! 399 int . the tunnel the chopper roar into the tunnel above the traffic . motorist gawk and brake -- tire screech , horn blow . * revise 11/8/85 400 119 . ext . the tunnel the chopper emerge from the tunnel and begin to climb . intercut the following : 401 the chip * float through Jack 's stomach , head for the small intestine . 402 the pod sailing through the pulmonary vein toward the leave ventricle of the heart . 403 the black pod slide down the endlessly long esophagus toward the stomach . 404 tuck - inside the pod tuck try to slow down you pulse rate ! I be about to enter the leave ventricle ! 405 ext . the chopper Flying backwards across the sky . 406 int . the chopper Jack and lydia look stunne as they speed through the air in reverse . tuck' voice I be in ! I be in the ventricle , Jack . stay calm , stay calm . Jack try to take a deep , calming breath when the enemy chopper , pilote by the henchmen , appear in the sky . lydia Jack , over there ! Jack turn , see the enemy chopper . jack ( startle ) aaahhh ! 407 int . the left ventricle Jack 's fear cause a sudden rush of blood into the ventricle , follow by strong ventricle contraction . the pod be buffete and toss like a beer can in the pound surf . revise 11/8/85 408 120 . int . the pod tuck fight for control of he craft . it shake and vibrate . Interior light dim and flash . it seem the pod will tear apart at the seam . tuck almost black out . 409 then he see : the aortic arch offer four distinct pathway out of the heart . 410 tuck - inside the pod tuck the aortic arch ! I be almost out ! I have get to make it through the open on the right ! he pull hard on the control stick . the pod begin to turn . it tremble and shake . portion of the sidewalls be push inward by the tremendous pressure . gauge shatter . warning light flash and buzz . 411 ext . the pod slamming against the muscle - line vascular wall . bounce back . shoot through the proper " archway " into the relative calm of the aorta . tuck ( v.o. ) I be through ! 412 int . the black pod igoe view he sonar scanner in disbelief . the " blip " tell he that tuck have make it safely through the heart . igoe impossible ! 413 int . the stomach tuck 's pod blast through the membrane lining of the stomach wall . tuck ( v.o. ) I be in the stomach . no sign of the bandit . 414 int . the black pod igoe enter the stomach . he can see tuck 's pod up ahead . he swing he laser gun sighting device into place . revise 11/8/85 415 121. * ext . the sky Jack and the enemy chopper be engage in a nasty dogfight . the henchman fire at Jack 's chopper with he automatic rifle . somehow , Jack be able to maneuver out of the line of fire . 416 int . the stomach a dogfight of a different kind rage here . both pod dart around the stomach , shoot laser beam at each other . a stray laser beam hit the stomach wall , burn a small hole in it . 417 int . the chopper Jack wince and grab he stomach . lydia be you all right !? then : the enemy chopper come up right beside Jack . the henchman inside level he automatic weapon , but before he can fire -- 418 a huey - cobra U.S. military helicopter thunder out of the cloud like a bad dream and fire a heat -seek missile . the missile scream across the sky and hit the enemy chopper . it explode in a ball of fire and evaporate into dust . 419 jack and lydia watch it happen with daze expression . 420 int . huey - cobra Pete blanchard , wear he military uniform , be on the radio-phone . blanchard that one be for tuck , lydia ! you can tell he I have put my uniform back on . ( beat ) we be take you in , lydia . follow we down . 421 int . the stomach * meanwhile , the two pod play cat - and - mouse through the corridor of the gastric gland in the upper stomach . * * tuck get the edge on igoe -- fire he laser . direct hit ! innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 422 int . pod tuck get 'im ! computer voice Nice shoot , player number one . tuck stop call I that ! this be not a video game -- this be real life ! computer voice I agree , player number one. ( beat ) Advance to the second level . 121a . * revise 11/8/85 423 122. int . the black pod corrosive hydrochloric acid pour into the pod through the hole blast by tuck 's laser beam . damn ! igoe stomach acid ! the interior of the Black pod be be rapidly eat away . it look bad for igoe. 424 int . the SMALL intestine tuck 's pod locate the chip at the open of the intestine , * but the chip be many time larger than the pod . Nonetheless , the pod 's articulate arm reach out and take hold of it . 425 int . the chopper Zipping along beside the giant huey - cobra . tuck' voice I have get the chip . * jack ( to lydia ) he 's get it ! lydia give a silent cheer . tuck' voice I be come up the esophagus with it . I be gonna plant it right on you tongue . how much farther to vector -scope ? Jack look down . jack we be over San Jose now . you air supply ? 426 how 's tuck - inside the pod glance at he mission clock . tuck twenty minute . 427 int . the stomach igoe abandon he disintegrate pod and swim out into the cavern of the upper stomach . tuck 's pod sail by , push the enormous chip before it . igoe wait for the right moment -- then grab hold of tuck 's pod . he cling on tightly , crawl to the top and pries open the hatch with he finger . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 428 123. int . the pod tuck swivel in he chair to see igoe enter the pod . igoe 's mighty hand clamp down around tuck 's neck . the fight be on ! 429 ext . vector -scope lab - day a battalion of U.S. infantry soldier have assemble in the parking lot . duane flornoy be there as well . the two chopper appear in the sky . the first to touch down . 430 the huey - cobra be int . jack chopper - flying tuck ? jack how do I land this thing !? ( no reply ) tuck ! ( no reply ) can not anything ever be easy !? 431 int . the pod tuck and igoe duke it out . not igoe 's . 432 tuck 's face be bloody , but ext . the pod move swiftly up the esophagus with the chip , even as tuck and igoe struggle inside . 433 ext . vector -scope lab Jack 's chopper come down hard . blanchard , flornoy and infantryman rush to help Jack and lydia out . everyone then dash into the lab . 434 int . pod tuck and igoe slam against the pod 's various instrument . tuck put he hand to he jumpsuit pocket . shit ! tuck you break my lucky flask ! a expose wire buzy . igoe leap back from it like a scared child . tuck be surprised by this reaction . tuck afraid of a little electricity , huh ! igoe can not take he eye off the crackling wire . take advantage of the distraction and : tuck * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 124 . drive he fist into igoe 's stomach . in fact , tuck hit igoe so hard that he arm sink into igoe 's body clear up to he elbow ! tuck look horrify . he pull he arm out . and with it , much of igoe 's inner working : wire , circuit , relay , diode , switch . they all come tumble out in one big tangle , humming , heap . tuck a android ! igoe begin to short - circuit . smoke billow out from all the opening in he body . a hissing noise . sparking wire . then , igoe erupt into flame . tuck jump back . camera move in close on igoe's tattoo . flame shrivel and melt the " skin " on igoe 's chest , and the heart - shape tattoo with Margaret 's name in the center begin to perish . 435 tuck grab a onboard extinguisher and try to douse the fire . igoe be melting right before he eye and the pod be fill with a acrid black smoke . the air-supply gauge begin to flash warning ! , warning ! computer voice the fire be consume you remain air ! the fire be consume you remain air ! tuck where be we now !? computer voice Middle esophagus ! too far to go ! not enough air ! only one chance to make it ! what !? tuck tell I ! computer voice a human sneeze have be clocked at over one hundred mile per hour . tuck turn to he mike : tuck Jack -- sneeze !! * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 436 125 . int . vector -scope lab where it all begin . Jack . Dr. nile and he technician surround jack ( to tuck ) sneeze ?? I can not sneeze ! 437 tuck - inside the pod tuck you have to ! think allergy ! ragweed ! pollen ! cat fur ! uh ... computer voice fungus spore ! Dust mite ! Animal dander ! 438 jack eye begin to tear up and redden . jack ah ... ahhh ... 439 tuck - inside the pod brace himself . he can feel the sneeze come . the pod begin to tremble as Jack 's respiratory system start to convulse . tuck no power in the world like the power of suggestion ! 440 close on jack jack ahhhhhh -- chooooo !! 441 the pod be no more than a blur as it rocket up the esophagus at near " warp speed . " 442 tuck be press flat against the pod 's rear wall -- he face horribly contort by the powerful forward thrust . 443 close on jack nose and mouth the sneeze explode out in slow motion . a glisten spray of mucous and saliva contain both the chip and the pod ... * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 126 . ... all of which splatter against the face and glass of Dr. nile . normal speed resume as technician rush to nile . tech one there 's the chip ! it 's slide down Nile 's cheek . they quickly remove it , then search nile ' face for the pod . tech two bring a slide ! I see it ! the pod be place on a glass slide . quickly ! nile quickly ! tech three re-enlarger functional ! nile press a button . light flash in the lab . a incredible high - pitched whistle be hear . everyone be force to cover they ear . and then : 444 the pod appear ! full-size . stand in the middle of the lab . dent and batter . dripping with gooey biochemical waste material and glandular secretion . smoke pour from its vent . blanchard Fire on board ! blanchard rush forward to open the hatch . 445 tuck - inside the pod hold a handkerchief to he nose and mouth , wait for the hatch to open . computer voice Goodbye , player number one ... tuck give the computer a farewell glance . computer voice ... good game . the hatch be then pop open . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 446 126a . int . lab * tuck scramble from the hatch with blanchard 's assistance . * get back ! all scatter . tuck it 's go to blow ! * * but tuck suddenly go back . * tuck * * the chip ! tuck go to the nose of the pod and try to pull out the circuit module contain the second chip . it do not come free . * several technician and infantryman come forward , but tuck warn they back . tuck get back ! they jump away . finally , tuck pull the module free and he dive for safety . the pod explode . everyone hit the floor . the lab fill with debris . but when the smoke clear , one - by-one all get to they foot . first blanchard . then nile . then lydia . then tuck . then flornoy . then Jack . tuck be a mess . his face bloody and bruise . jumpsuit tear , burn and sweat-stain . his but lydia rush into he arm nonetheless . lydia tuck !! tuck lift she off she foot . tuck lydia ! then , look over lydia 's shoulder , tuck see Jack . he set lydia gently back on she foot . she see who he be look at . * tuck regards Jack with a expression of deep affection and profound appreciation . he step towards he . jack ( offer he hand ) glad to have you back , Captain . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 126b . tuck ignore the hand to give Jack a enormous bear hug . technician and infantryman cheer . lydia wipe a tear from she eye . now , everyone close in on tuck to welcome he back . lydia and Jack become lose in the crowd . but soon ... tuck wiggle free and take lydia aside . tuck lydia , we have to talk in private . tuck take she into nile ' office , which be visible to the lab proper through a large glass window . 447 int . nile ' office tuck ( urgently ) I never get to go up in a space capsule , lydia . I never get to orbit the Earth or walk on the moon ... but I have just go place where no man have ever go before . I have do thing , and see thing , lydia , that have open my eye . to you ... to life ... to everything ! lydia look confuse and overwhelm . down a little . tuck try to slow tuck it 's not too late for I , lydia . I can change . I can be better . I be a different man already ... ( beat ) ... I have know all along . why could not I just admit it to myself ? lydia admit what , tuck ?... tuck that I be in love with you , of course . lydia be bowl over . lydia Boy ... tuck you break my heart that morning you drive off and leave I . lydia you be a change man , tuck . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 tuck lydia ... this be a personal question , but I have get to know . since that last night we spend together ... have you spend a night like that with anyone else ? 126c . * revise 11/8/85 127 . lydia tuck ! tuck please , lydia . it 's important to I . lydia can see that tuck mean it . lydia all right , tuck ... ( beat ) no. I have not . tuck ( surprised ) you have not ? lydia ( defensively ) I have be pretty busy , do not forget . tuck ( after a pause ) we be go to have a baby , you know . lydia give he a look . tuck you do know , do not you ? lydia I be not sure ... tuck be sure , lydia . ( beat ) I have see it . lydia begin to smile . lydia be it a boy or a girl ? tuck smile back at she . around she waist . approach she . tuck I do not even notice . have to wait and see . put he arm we will just lydia wrap she arm around he neck . for a moment they just look into each other eye . then they kiss . 448 int . the lab Jack look through the glass window into nile ' office . he see tuck and lydia . * innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 then , they spot he . come after he . Jack turn away . 128. * lydia and tuck tuck Jack - lydia -- wait ! Jack stop , turn to they . jack you do not have to say anything . I know you be in love with each other . tuck and lydia feel good and bad at the same time . jack look ... this have be the most exciting twenty - four hour of my life . I have be chase , kidnap , freeze , electrify , amplify , magnetize and terrorize -- and I have not feel this good since high school . ( smile sweetly ) it be not rest I need ... it be adventure . and for one day it be mine . ( to both tuck and lydia ) we make a good team , do not we ? lydia smile and give Jack a kiss . dissolve to : 449 ext . deck of a cruise ship - day tuck and lydia stand together on the deck . tuck wear a tuxedo and high hat . lydia wear a wedding dress . the air be fill with fly confetti and brightly - color streamer . a band plays . tuck cup he hand around he mouth and call off : tuck thanks again for the cruise ticket ! 450 ext . the dock Jack be on the dock along with a hundred other people who have gather to see the ship off . innerspace - Rev. 12/3/85 129 . jack bon voyage ! ( beat ) happy honeymoon ! the ship 's horn blows and the ship begin to pull away from the dock . 451 tuck and lydia give Jack a final farewell wave -- then turn to each other and kiss . 452 ext . the pier Jack walk away from the deck and the depart ship toward the red Ferrari which be park nearby . Jack toss the key in he hand as he approach . 453 int . the ferrari Jack climb in behind the wheel . sit there . for a moment , he just then he reach into the glove compartment and take out a white silk scarf , wraparound sunglass , pigskin drive glove and tweed motor cap . he put it all on and fire up the Ferrari 's powerful engine . then , one final touch : pocket . 454 he take a cassette from he close on cassette Sam cooke 's greatest Hit . 455 jack slide the cassette into the tape player and turn the volume way up . SAM cooke' voice ( sing ) cu-pid ... draw back you bow - oo and let ... you arrow go - oo straight to ... my lover 's heart for I - eee . Jack listen for a moment . smile to himself . then shift the car into gear and squeal away in a cloud of dust . fade out . end *