~ : glick here & upgrade expanded feature . pdf unlimite page complete the inside man by . russel ! gewirtz January 17 , 2005 click here & upgrade z expanded feature ; pdf unlimite page | complete : int . dalton 's cell - undetermine Pan right to leave across a cream - paint cinder block wall . various item tape to the wat !. a page from playboy , a handwritten calendar , bible quotation on scrap paper , a checklist . we pan leave to the adjacent wall and stop in a ecu of dalton russell , 36 , white , with ten day of beard . as we pull back : dalton my name be dalton Russell . pay strict attention to what | say , because | choose my word carefully , and | never repeat myself . he wear no shirt . a tattoo on he chest say '' murder wil| out . certain , it will not fail - chaucer . '' he read a small , wear Bible , wear white light cotton drawstring pants , and sit up on a mattress with he back to the wail . dalton ( cont 's D ) | have toid you my name . that 's the ' who 's the ' where 's could most readily be describe as a prison cell . but there 's a vast difference between be stick 's '' in a tiny cell and be in prison . and | be not in prison . the ' what 's be easy . recentiy , | plan , and set in motion event to execute , the perfect bank robbery . that 's aiso the ' when 's . as for the ' why ' , beyond the obvious financial motivation , it 's exceedingly simple : because | can . which leave we only with the ' how 's . and therein , as the bard would tell we , lie the rub . fade into : int . precinct - office of captain capellin ? — 9:15 am Miller be seat in a chair in front of the desk , stare around the room at various item on the desk and wall . captain capellini , 45 , !talian - american , enter , round he desk , and casually drop a gold detect ! ve's shield on the desk in front of Miller . capellini congratulation , detective first grade . miller yeah , thanks . click here & parade ] expanded feature | pdf unlimite page : complet : capellini do not fuckin’ start with I . miller | be not . I be thrilled . really . capellini well , you earn this . miller so how do you earn yours ? capellini | rescue a miss nine - year - old girt from a crackhouse . mitler give he a skeptical ! expression . : capellini ( cont 'd ) and keep my mouth shut and do as | be tell for twelve year . that help . miller so what do | Tel ! they | do ? capellini you diffuse a dangerous hostage situation and save dozen of taxpayer . miller | do . do not I ? capellini damn right you do . now get goin’ . Miller get up . he take the gold shield . miller so why do | feel like | watch the whole thing on tv ? capellini whoa ! do not get al ! fuck deep on I . just go out there and fight crime . miller look out , bad guy . here | come . Miller exit , = pdf glick Hare & upgrade : expanded feature unlimite page complete _ capellini and do not come back until the street be safe again . fade to black credit subtitle ~ '' 10 day earlier '' ext . manhattan STREET — friday , april 7 , 9:50 am a white painter 's van drive down a city street . logo : '' perfect painter - we never leave until the job fs done '' int . manhattan trust bank - MAIN floor - 9:50 am forty customer and fifteen employee be go about they business . the customer be a cross section of New York City they inctude chaim , 60 , a hasidic Jew , nancy , 24 , attractive , with large breast , dress provocatively , brian , 8 , African - american , play a nintendo gameboy , he father ray , 29 , African - american , miriam , 60 , white , seth , 19 , white with dreadlock , in a '' rage against the Machine '' T-shirt , stan , 73 , white , with a bald spot , eric and brad , two male homosexual in they forty , and dalton , clean -shaven , disguise as a construction worker , in a hard hat , sunglass , workboot , a white paper / plastic jumpsuit , a flannel shirt over the jumpsuit top , and a tool belt , a mouthguard and eye goggle hang around he neck . he carry a industrial type flashtight in each hand . the flashlight appear to be off wall of surveillance monitor - 9:56 am various view of the same bank activity . on one monitor , dalton be lean against a counter near the entrance . his fiashiight be emit a strong light . the timecode at the bottom of the monitor show it be 9:56:59 and run . int . bank MAIN floor - 9:57 am datton lean against the counter . he put a flashtight on the counter and adjust the lamp , which emit no light . surveillance monitor - 9:57 am we see dalton in the same place , adjust the lamp . as he point it towards we view , the screen go white . on the adjacent monitor , a view of a more interior portion of the bank . a beat . it go white . 3 pdf expanded feature . click here & sate unlimite page complete ' int . perfect painter van - 9:57 am steve , 30 , a muscular white male , sit in the driver 's seat , dress like a painter ready for a industrial job . he wear a disposable white paper / plastic jumpsuit , match haircover and shoe-cover . a pair of goggy obscure he eye . mouthguard cover he mouth . in the passenger scat sit stevie , 28 , a woman dress in the same manner . she also wear she goggle and mouthguard , hide she facial detail . in the rear of the van , which have no seat , sit steve-o , 40 , disguise exactly like Steve , but slimmer , short and tess impose . we cannot identify they face . they fourth accomplice , dalton , they refer to as Steven . the confusion be intentional . coltectively , they be the crew . Steve park the van and turn it off . he and stevie exit the van and walk to the rear . ext . perfect painter van - 9:58 am they open the rear door and remove a large amount of supplies , most of which be in nondescript brown cardboard box . Steve wear a large black knapsack hang from one shoulder . they place the box on two hand truck , shut the van door , and proceed around a corner to the entrance of the bank , a large traditional bank facade with floor to ceiling marble pillar , modern glass door and smali window . nobody seem to notice they . ext . to int . bank - 10:00 am the Crew enter the bank like painter approach a job . Steve secure the door with a pre-fitted metal brace . bang , Chaos . stevie set off three smal ! explosive . loud noise and smoke fill the bank and cause chaos but harm no one . people scream and run or hit the floor . Steve - o and stevie pull m1y from Steve 's knapsack . dalton pull on he goggle and mouthguard , remove he flannel shirt and pull out a Smith & wesson .357 revolver . dalton ( shout ing ) everybody get down on the fuck floor ! now ! you have four second . anyone sti li stand get shot ! one. two . Three . sitence . a beat . dalton look around . only chaim be still stand . dalton watk up to he , point he gun at he . so click here & upgrade | expanded feature | uniimite page | complete / } dalton ( cont 'd ) you get the same treatment as everyone else , rabbi . now get down ! chaim do not move . dalton kick he down to the floor . dalton ( cont 's D ) my friend and | be make a very large withdrawal from this bank . !f you get in we way you get a bullet in the brain . dalton paint a force smile on he face for a moment , then drop it quickly , and he expression be cold and blank dalton ( cont 's D ) plenty of people out there wait for you kidney , heart and liver . ext . bank entrance - 10:08 am sergeant collin , 28 , white male , approach the door of the bank . he can see the interior be fill with smoke . he try to open the door . it be lock . he draw he gun . he push the button on he shoulder radio . collin possible ten-thirty . Manhattan trust Bank , corner of 23rd and 8th . the door suddenly open a crack . dalton 's .357 revolver be point at coltin 's head . Collins freeze . dalton get back ! I have get hostage . you fuck cop come near this door and } " 11 start kill people . I be not kid man . dalton slam the door shut and replace the brace . Inside , dalton 's expression quickly return to calm , he smile confidently , satisfied with this performance . int . precinct interrogation room - 10:12 am Miller and detective mitchell , 30 , biack , be seat at a table . Miller 's on the phone . mitchel ! 's do paperwork miller baby , I be fight for my iife here . do we have to do this again ? now ? do you know the kinda thin ice I be on right now with this madrugada check cash thing ? they wanna tock I up . if this hundred ( more ) click here & upgrade = expanded feature pdf complete _ unlimite page '' miller ( cont 'd ) forty grand do not turn up somewhere , soon , thing could get rough for I . ( a beat ) of course | do not take it . it 's just some lie drug dealer try to save he own ass by fuck I over . eventually it will blow over . then |’ 1 } be up for first grade in a coupte of year . when that happen , we will have enough to buy a bigger place . until then , do we have to have this conversation every time you brother have a tantrum or get catch steal a car ? ( a beat ) it 's ok , sweetheart . | be sorry . I too . milter make a '' jerk -off '' gesture with he hand . miller ( cont ’d ) | love you . bye . milter hang up . the door burst open and cape ! it miller ( cont 'd ) her lowlife brother , he 's get three conviction . one for armed robbery . he 's a high schoot drop out . and he 's only seventeen . he 's a maggot . he 's beyond hope . he do not have a honest bone in he body , and he 's too fuck stupid to ever amount to anything , even as a criminal . mitchell can not you get rid of he ? miller she jove he . what be | suppose to tel} she ? '' throw you brother out on the street ? '' she just put it all back on I . you know , if we have a bigger place it would not be such a problem . and of course , if we be marry , that would be different . mitchell how 's he feel about you ? miller he 's thrilled have a detective sleep in the next room , bang he sister . , in a short - sleeve dress shirt , poke he head in . he point at Miller . = pdf click here & upgrade expanded feature unlimite page __gomplete capellin you guy cop ? mitchell ( to Miller ) shit ! he make we capellint ( to Miller ) Christmas just come early for you . Bank robbery . hostage situation . 23rd and 8th miller what ? capellin } grossman 's on vacation . you be up . miller yeah , but what about madrugada check cash ? be not | in the doghouse ? capellin } | just throw you a bone . Far as |'m concerned , you still work here . but if you do not think you be ready to . Mitchell and Miller spring up from they seat . mitchel ! put he paperwork in order . they begin to exit the room . mitchell he 's ready . miller sure | be . capell ini good. | be give you a big break here . do not make I look like a fool . int , bank — MAIN floor - continuous - 10:15 am stevie all bank emptoyee raise they hand . five man and eight woman , mix between black , white and a couple of Indians / asian , raise they hand . dalton and stevie , mask , count they . dalton not enough . Steve - 0 , check downstairs . S pdf _ . complete _ click here & upgrade | expanded feature unlimite page | i Steve -o run down the stair and everyone stand still for a white until he shout from downstairs . steve-o ( 0.s . ) { have two employee and a customer . dalton be they lay down on the ground with they eye close ? steve-o ( o7s . ) be they ... ( muffle sound of Steve -o order the employee down . ) yes . dalton stevie , take you employee downstairs and send Steve -o up with he customer . ( to steve ) Steve . steve yeah ? dalton ( state the obvious ) give stevie a bag , please . steve oh. sure . Steve throw a bag to stevie , who catch it . stevie let 's go , down the stair . stevie motion al ! the employees to go downstairs . they all head downstairs , and stevie follow . ext . STREET in front of bank - 10:30 am a dark blue school bus with darken window , mark nypd arrive , fill with a swat team of twelve officer in dark clothing , clearly mark nypd , carry m - 16 's and sniper rifle . swat quickly get off the bus , both from the front step and jump from the rear exit . uniform police officer have push back passersby and be string up yellow police tape . there be much confusion . " glick here & upgrade | expanded feature unlimite page __complete int . office of arthur case - 10:30 am a large , well - appoint private corporate office . a statuctte on he desk which say '' Lifetime Achievement Award . '' a crystal paperweight : case Foundation . arthur case , 82 , wasp , upper-crust , dress in a suit and tie . secretary ( speaker phone ) ( 0.s. ) Mr. case . | have Katherine snel ! on the phone from Manhattan trust . case pick up the phone and speak cheerfully . silence . case hello . snell ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) Mr. case , I be Katherine snel ! , from Ed reynold 's office . case hi , Mrs. sneti . what can | do for you ? snell ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) well , Mr , reynold ask I to telephone you . there 's a robbery in progress at one of we branch . case oh , my . snell ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) he ask I to apologize for not call you himself , but he 's ... case that 's quite alright . | understand . have anyone be hurt ? snell ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) | do not think so , but there be hostage . case oh , that 's awful . which branch be it ? snell ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) number 32 . 301 West 23rd Street . case be stunne . snell ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) Mr. case ? " click here & upgrade for expanded feature '' pdf untimite page 10 . complete case thank you , Mrs. snell . case hang up . he drop he head into his hand . case ( cont ’d ) ( quietly , with fear ) oh , dear god. int . bank - a room in the basement - 10:33 am dalton address the bank employee , who sit on the floor . dalton first , I be sorry for scare you before , but in the end it 's better for all of you if you just do what | say . now , | need everybody to take you cellular phone , and you key out of you pocket and handbags , and hold they in the air . Steve - 0 enter the room . dalton take a stick of chewing gum from a pack , unwrap it , place the gum in he mouth and the wrapper in he pocket . all the employee take out they ce{lular phone and key . dalton grab a garbage bag and collect the phone from the employee , until he reach peter hammond , 45 , in a blue suit , hold key but no phone . dalton ( cont ’d ) what be you name ? peter Peter . dalton Peter what ? peter Peter hammond . dalton where 's you cel ! phone , Peter hammond ? peter | teft it at home . dalton Peter , think very carefully about how you answer the next question . because if you get it wrong , you headstone will read , '' here lie Peter hammond , hero , who valiantly attempt , in vain , to prevent a brilliant bank robbery by try to ( more ) click here & upgrad : = expanded feature : pdf unlimite page 1 . complete dalton ( cont 'd ) hide he cellutar phone , but wound up get shot in the fuck head . '' now , Peter hammond , where be you cell phone ? peter ~ I be tell you , | leave it at home . dalton reach into he bag of cel} phone and pull out four of they . he hand the bag to Steve -o . then he push button on one of the phone . he then toss the phone to Steve -o , who catch it . dalton repeat this motion with another cell phone . on the third phone , he succeed . he push the talk button on the phone . we see the readout on the cel ! phone in he hand : '' p hammond cel ! " . [ to few second , we hear the sound of a celtular phone ringing somewhere in the room Peter hammond 's expression say he know he screw up . peter ( cont 'd ) ok . ok . | fuck up . I be sorry . dalton oh , do not worry about it . Steve -0 retrieve the cell phone from a corner of the room , where peter have toss it surreptitiously . dalton ( cont 'd ) right . well , we will be back later . dalton and Steve - o exit the room . the employee look around at each other cautiously , but nobody speak . bam ! the door burst open . Steve - o and Steve run in and grab Peter hammond , who scream . they drag he out of the room , kick and yell . the employees all look around at each other , dalton re-enter the room . dalton ( cont ’d ) anyone else here smarter than I ? dalton extend he open palm and eye the employees . dexter , 32 , black , in slack , a tight blue shirt and a tie , reach into he pocket and pull out a set of bank key . dalton approach the man . he take the key . dalton ( cont ’d ) and you be ? dexter dexter reed . dalton thanks , dexter . click have & upgrade expanded feature unlimite page ; 12 . cone | dalton exit the room , shutting the door behind he the employees eye the door nervously . dexter be watch it , praying it do not burst open again . the door open quickly , but tess violently than before . they react with fear . CUT to : int . police car - moving through traffic - 10:35 am mitchel ! and Miller head to the bank in they unmark car . mitchell ( excitedly ) this be it , baby . the show . miller ( cautiously ) yeah mitchell you get the call . God damn . mitchel ! glance at Miller and see he mind be elsewhere . mitchell ( cont ‘d ) what 's on you mind ? miller you mean besides the gang of armed man hold ... oh .. forty taxpayer hostage in the middie of the city , whose life be over if | fuck up ? not to mention mine . mitchell here 's all you need to know , you watk in unarm and the head bad guy put a gun to you head and make you get on you knee . you look around and there be five armed man point uzis at you . just picture they in they underwear . miller how '' bout orange jumpsuit and shackle ? mitchell there you go . Andy , you can do this . miller let 's hope so . click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page complete mitchell just go by the number . in the end , they get hungry and tired and they give up be not that what you to !d I ? miller ( impatiently ) do | mention that half the time , they waste a hostage before that happen ? ~ mitchell you may have mention that . miller guess | should be happy . | might get to postpone my testimony with iab . mitchell - yeah , just drag this hostage thing out '' till tomorrow morning , and you be off the hook . miller and katrine ' 's bugging the shit outta I . she want to get marry , move into a nicer place . mitchell Big step . miller '' be ready for it . but all that shit cost money . wedding , furniture . kid . you know how much a diamond ring cost ? mitchell she high maintenance ? miller no worse than anyone else , | suppose . it 's not just she . | want all that thing , too . it would be nice to take she out for dinner once in a while and eat something other than italian . mitchell se take she someplace else . miller oh , yeah . then I would have to pay for it . great solution . fade into : ___ complete glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page : 14 i int . precinct interrogation room - unknown we cut between several interview , after the situation end , with people who exite the bank . in this and further interview , they be interview variously by Miller or Mitchell , or both , whose clothing change twice to show they occur over several day . a pack of gum sit on the tabie . interview 1 : paul , Hispanic male , 5°11 '' . interview mitchell ~ gotta hand it to you , pabio . this be a real step up for a small timer tike you . this be no tiquor store gang bang . paul first of atl , it 's Paul . not Pablo . ok ? mitchell Excuse I . want some gum ? paul no . and second , | do not do it . alright ? | make a few mistake when | be a kid . | be out with some friend and they hold up a liquor store . what be | suppose to do ? where the hel ! do you grow up , homeboy ? Park Avenue ? mitchell and ten year later , you friend just decide to knock over a bank . paul man . you guy be funny . 2 : Seth seth | be stand in line for the teller . they have like nine window but there 's never more than three teller work there . what 's up with that ? miller then what ? seth then " bam ! " | turn around and there be smoke everywhere . interview 3 : Stan glick here & upgrade expanded feature pof unlimite page } 15 complete stan | be on the ground with my cye close . ~ mitchell and they just pick you ? stan they ask if anyone have heart problem or any other health probitem . | think they do not want anyone to die on they , _ miller so you say yes ? stan wetl , | raise my hand and | tell they l have have a heart attack once before . int . bank — MAIN floor - continuous - 10:40 am dalton , stevie and Steve be stand at various point on the bank 's main floor . six customer be lay face down on the ground . Stan sit in a chair . Steve - o come up the stair . dalton hotd he .357 revolver . dalton motion for Steve to fotlow he . they walk over to Stan . daiton tap he on the shoulder . dalton get up . Stan stand up cautiousty , avoid daiton 's gaze . dalton take he arm and waik he to the door . Steve fol low . ext . STREET in front of bank - 10:47 am Collins speak to a group of five swat , lead by hernandez , 38 , Hispanic . ten foot behind he , the front door of the bank open . everyone react quickly . gun be point at the door . Stan be push out of the door , which close behind he . hernandez freeze ! Stan 's hand go up . hernandez ( cont 's D ) get down on you knee ! stan do not shoot ! I be . 1 be .. click here & upgrade expanded feature : pdf unlimite page * 16 . complete hernandez on you knee ! right now ! Stan drop to he knee . stan they send I out here . two swat approach Stan , m - 16 's train on he . one frisk he and find nothing . swat ctear ! he 's clean ! some swat lower they weapon . stan he say stay away . |f you come near the bank he '!l throw out two dead body . hernandez who ? stan who ? | do not know who . the guy with the gun . there 's four of they in there . the mobile command CENTER , a '' winnebago '' vehicle , arrive , int . bank basement hallway - continuous - 11:00 dalton , Steve and stevie , mouthguard and goggle still obscure they face , briskly tour the hall . they stop in front of a massive vault . the vault door be open , but the internal stee ! bar door be close . they peer through the bar to gaze at the money on the shelf inside . stevie Nice . steve ahbhhh . they continue on to another room , which they enter . it be the outer room of the safe deposit box vault , which we see ahead of they , also behind a steel bar door . steve-o oh , mama . dalton come on . expanded feature unlimite page 7 complete daiton lead they out of the room and to a door . he try the knob and find it unlock . they enter . int . bank basement - supply room - 11:01 am frontal shot of dalton , stevie and Steve stare at the room , which we can not sec . they mouthguard and goggle cover they face . we still see that dafton be smile . dalton beautiful they Pov : a supply room tweive foot wide and thirty foot deep . Metal she !ving unit along ail the wall , load with office suppties , }t look like a ste at staples . ext . STREET outside bank — 11:02 am potice vehicle of all type be on the scene in front of the bank . uniform and piainclothes officer be move people away . more car , mark and unmark , arrive . Inside the bank , the smoke have clear and the main floor be desert . Miller 's and Mitchell 's car pull up to the scene , they exit the car and be approach by Collins . collin sergeant cotlin , first on scene mitchell detective mitchel ! and Miller . miller tell we what you know . collin not much . we respond to the alarm and see the bank fill with smoke . the door be jock . when | try to get a look inside , one gunman open the door and stick a three - fifty - seven in my face , scream about kile hostage . miller do you see any other ? collin no , sir . | could not see anyone at al ! miller what else ? glick here & upgrade | expanded feature | pdf unlimite page | 1b . | collin a half hour tater they let out a hostage , a white male , 73 , stanicy resnick . he 's in the command center . told he to say that if any cop come near the bank they would throw out two dead body . he think there 's four of they . miller . you hear anything inside ? collin nope . as far as | could tell , it be quiet . but with the noise outside and the three - fifty - seven in my face , | can not really be sure . I be sorry . miller you do fine , sergeant . ever have a gun point in you face before ? collin yeah . once . miller Real ly ? collin yeah , by a 14 - year-old . miller ( softly , with surprise ) Holy shit . what be that like ? collin not one of my better day miller t'll bet . soon as we get this scene under control , I 'l try and cut you loose . collin I would rather hang around a while , Sir . at least until you make contact . mitler nod . int . bank downstair — supply room - 11:05 am daiton be give instruction to Steve . there be a nervous energy about it , but not panic . he point as he speak . they goggle and mouthguard hang around they neck . we see Steve 's face for the first time . click hore 8 unaase| = expanded feature pdf unlimite page : vq. complete dalton you have to move al ! of this crap away from this wall and towards the entrance , so you can remove one section on the leave and one on the right . once that 's do , you pull out the section against the rear wall . leave all the supplies intact if you can . | wanna be able to put it ali back , so be very careful . int . madeleine white 's office — 11:30 am a large , well decorate and neat office , unburdene with paperwork . madeleine white , esq . , 40s , wasp , taltt , well - groom and poise , sit in a chair at a coffee table . on the adjacent couch be three arab man . risham , 37 , be in charge . risham - again , | want you to rest assure , Ms. White , my intention be nothing more than to spend time in you wonderful city and enjoy all that it have to offer . white and no business with you uncle . risham of course not . in truth , | have very little to do with my uncle this day white I '' totd you have not speak to he in nine year . risham ( surprised ) you be extremely well - inform . white | have to be , White 's male assistant beep she . she pick up the phone . white ( cont 'd ) yes , assistant ( 0.s. ) | have a Mr. Arthur case on the phone . White stand . the other follow suit . complete they exit . slick here 8 upgrade expanded feature , pdf unlimite page 20 white I be go to have to end this here . ptease send I copy of the mortgage application , purchase agreement , and documentation , and I n'11 be in touch . resham | will . thank you . white Arthur case ? be you sure about that ? assistant ( 0.s. ) that 's what he say . white he say he name be Arthur case ? just like that ? | mean it be not a secretary say he be on the |ine ? assistant ( 0.s . ) no white well , put he through . ( pause ) this be madeteine White . case ( 0.s . ) Ms. White , t be Arthur case . white good morning , Mr. case . case have we ever meet ? white no sir , | do not believe we have . case but somehow you be always at my fourth of July party in southampton . white ( respond cautiously } well , we know some of the same people . case it seem . |' 11 get right to the point . | have a small problem that require ( more } click here & ungrade = expanded feature pdf unlimite page : complete | case ( cont 'd ) somebody with very special skill . and comptete discretion . be you such a person , or have | be misinform ? white go on case can | pick you up in front of you building in five minute ? white ( a beat to reflect ) sure . 1’tt be down in five minute . ext . STREET and mobile command CENTER — 11:30 am 21 . milter and mitchel ! enter the mcc , contain surveillance and communication equipment , and room for ten people miller Captain pappas ? pappas yeah . miller detective Andrew Miller . this be detective Bill Mitchell . pappas ( disinterested ) hey . miller you might remember , we work that hospital thing on 93rd a while back . pappas oh. yeah . ( a beat ) that be a real shame . miller yeah . what have you get so far ? pappas ( dismissively ) I have get a unknown number of suspect and a unknown number of hostage in a bank . and about a million spectator . and | can not see shit . so I be kinda busy . inside . by click here & upgrade | expanded feature | pof unlimite page : 22 . complete miller | understand . pappas ~ the way this work , Mr. Miller , be that |} deal with Mr. grossman . so if you need anything , you can speak to he , ok ? miller no , Captain . it 's not ok . detective grossman be away on vacation , and | be the big dick today . so if you need anything . you can speak to I . ok ? everyone in the truck look over at milter . pappas wett , | guess it will ! have to be . miller tel} you what , Captain . I ' Il get out of you hair while you get this crime scene under control . and you '} ! !et I know when | can get a detailed briefing . ok ? pappas yes , Sir miller thanks . Miller and Mitchell begin to exit the truck . Miller stop on the step , in the open doorway . miller ( cont 'd ) we 'l ! be right behind you in the diner ( jerk thumb toward diner ) be sure you do not go in there opoint to the bank ) without let I know . milter and mitcheil exit the truck . pappas ( under he breath ) yeah . and do not you pocket any cash after my guy clear out the bank . ext . mcc - 11:31 am mitchell should not we be in there ? oe glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 23 . complete | miller let 's give he some time to get the scene under control . mitchell sure , but stilt ... miller until he secure he position and get the physical layout , he 'o ! only dump on we . if the show start , he '!l call . trust I . |'ve see he work . mitchell . you call , Andy . miller guess it be . one thing | learn watch grossman . that guy do not think much of what |'m here to do mitchell what do you mean ? miller to they it 's a tactical situation . have I there say that there 's a mental ! side to it they do not get . they think it 's a insult , my be there . mitchell told you you could handte this . miller be you kid ? | keep wait for someone higher up on the food chain to show up and say '' here 's what we do . '' fade into : inf . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 2 : Seth seth bunch of psychos . !| think they be gonna kill everybody . they come in scream and wave that fuck machine gun in we face . interview 4 : pelt , 30 , male . ~ glick here & uparade expanded feature pde unlimite page 24 . complete pelt they keep we lock up most of the time once in a while they would come in and take a few people out and move they somewhere else . then they have bring some other in . miller any idea why ? pelt beat I . they move I twice . do not make any difference . Miller be blatantly examine peltz 's face . pelt ( cont 'd ) what ? int . bank downstair - supply room — 11:40 am dalton peke he head in the doorway . Steve , unmask , have clear off the two section of shelving along the leave and right wall close to the back wall , and he 's pull that section away from the wall and take they apart . he have a electrically power cordiess screwdriver in he hand . dalton how 's it come ? steve not bad . we should have access to the rear wall in a hour . how 's that ? dalton Excel tent . ext . front of diner across from the bank - 11:50 am pappas approach the window where mitchel ! and Miller be seat , they coffee almost go . he knock on the window Miller and mitche !! get up quickly , feave some money on the table , exit the diner , and walk with pappas back to the mcc . pappas look , detective , | do not mean any disrespect back there ... miller forget it , Captain . what 's the story ? pappas we think there 's about forty to fifty hostage and maybe four perp . glick here & upgrade expanded feature : pdf unlimite page 25 _ complete they al ! miller terrific pappas there 's a video system in the bank . we be work on get a feed into the van , but it will take a while . we have get the block jock up . | have get man on the roof across the street and we be check the sewer with ConEd . miller what about the phone ? pappas cut and divert into the van . we be the only one they be gonna cali . cel ! phone be monitor , and we can jam the air whenever you say . but we like to leave it clear in case a hostage be able to get through . so far nothing . miller what about 9117 pappas it 's up on the screen . any call about a bank get route straight to we . mi tchell what chance you give that of work ? pappas please . | have nightmare about a hostage calting 911 and say , '' do not break in , it 's wire with explosive . '' and the operator say , '' do not shout at I , ma’am . what be you name ? '' ( a beat ) so . that 's my end of it , detective . look at Miller , who do not seem to notice he cue . eventually he look up , but express no surprise , give the impresston that he be deep in think . miller yeah . | be not catling they yet . pappas | beg you pardon ? on click here & upgrade = expanded turin ] pdf untimite page ; 26 . complete miller it just do not feel right yet . and I be not gonna call they up and ask what ! can do for they . let 's see what they do . pappas you call . miller ic ' ilt be Fine . | just need to find my voice , if you know what | mean . pappas sure thing , pavarotti . int . case 's limousine - 11:53 am white Mr. case , tet I Tel ! you how | work . you say there be family heirloom in you safe deposit box . Fine . but in my experience , folk like you have people work for they to handle thing like this . and when they can not , they do not call I , they people call I . so right away , | know that there 's something in that box that you do not even want you close aide know about . that 's not a problem for I . if | do not need to know what 's in there , just tell I that | do not need to know . but if you Tel ! I it 's a bunch of old basebai ! card , and |} find out it 's launch code for nuclear missile , weli , at that point we no longer have a agreement . understand ? case what 's in that box have belong to I since before you be bear . it 's very valuable , and pose no danger to anyone . white except to you ? {a beat , no response ) ok , first , there be man with gun in there . so | can not guaranty you any result . be that acceptable ? case of course click here & upgrade expanded feature | pdf unlimite page '' 27 . complete | white what | can do be this : | can get close to the peopte in charge and find out what they know . [ for necessary , | may be able to influence they action . so Tel ! I how you would like this to end . case \'d prefer it if nobody ever touch my safe deposit box . not they , not you , not the authority . the sooner this situation end , the happier { ' 1 ! be . be that . specific enough for you ? white no . case the content of that box be of value to I , so tong as they remain my secret . white and if they be expose ? case I will face some difficult question . white so it stay lock , or disappear case precisely . can you make that happen ? white yes . case | hope so . | have to say , | can not help but be skeptical . white you be wonder how a woman could have the kind of influence | claim to have case | be . be | just be old fashioned ? white probably . but the fact be , Arthur , few people , male or female , have this kind of influence . it 's not something they give you . it 's something you take . a glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 28 . complete case so what will ! this cost ? white ~ when it 's do , I '!1 give you a number and you '’il pay I whatever | say . we both know it , so why pretend ? if you feel you have be take advantage of , you do not have to recommend I to you friend when they ask for someone with special skill and complete discretion . whoever give you my number get the same deal , and it must have satisfied he . ( a beat ) all { need be the key case i be afraid that 's not possible . white ( get excited ) not possible ? not possible ? I '{1 tel} what 's not possible . it 's not possibile for you to ask I to .. case I fost it . white come again ? case | fost it year ago . white ah. now | get it . case get what ? white why you would have teft this stuff sit there all of this time . case t have always mean to do something about that . then it be just too late . white but you coutd have have the box open . click here & upgrade * expanded feature pdf untimite page 29 complete case no . the bank have no record that it belong to I , or anyone at ali . | see to that many year ago . white still , it 's you bank . you could have ... case it would 's have raise too many question int . bank basement — supply room - 12:00 pm the rear shelf have be move , expose the cream - paint cinderblock rear wall , the adjacent shelving unit from either side have be remove and dissemble , they shelf and pole lay on the floor . they content occupy the remain shelf , of which there be stil ! many . Steve , unmask and sweat , rest . around he be box and supplies they bring into the bank and he be clearly use . one open box have concrete tile in it . dalton enter . dalton not bad . you need any help ? steve can you spare Steve - 0 ? | wanna start on the floor . that 's hard work . but the wall 's what will take the most time dalton i’ to do my best dalton exit . Steve raise a pick -axe . he strike the floor in the far right corner , one foot in from either wall . int . mobile command CENTER — 12:30 pm Miller and pappas be seat . other in the mcc attend to they station . two officer , berk , 33 , femate , and rourke , 28 , male , be seat at station . pappas be tell a story . pappas so he 's lay on the floor , blood spurting out of he fuckin’ neck , right , ( mimic choke ) and he go , '' somebody 's gotta - pick up - my kid - at - school . '' laugh from al ! but milter , who manage a nervous chuckle . '' glick here & upgrade | expanded feature pdf unlimite page 30 complete | berk ( 0.s. } we be all set , sir . pappas wait , wait . it get better . so we be all lookin’ at each other in total silence like , '' what the fuck do he just say ? '' and he just rip one . a monster . laugh from all except Miller . pappas ( cont 's D ) you ready yet ? miller yeah . let 's go . pappas nod to berk , who have a telephone in she hand . berk press a button on she console , then hand it to Miller . milter put the phone to he ear . we hear it ring six time , and everybody show some impatience and confusion . pappas you sure you get the right number ? berk absolutely in frustration , milter hang up the phone . rourke we have get the video . miller let 's have it . we see a monitor which show nine camera angle inside the bank , and time code , which begin at 9:56:48 . the top three angle we recognize as the main floor , include the entrance camera where we see dalton earlier . we see dalton turn on he flashlight and it emit a whiten light . he place it on the counter , adjust it to point at the camera , and the entire view from that camera go white , at 9:57:46 be . miller ( cont ’d ) wait ! what happen to that camera ? rourke hang on . rourke rewind the video and they watch it again . click here & upgrade 's expanded feature | untimite page ! 31 . complete ! miller tris guy . he blind the camera with he flashlight . show it again . rourke rewind it and we see it one more time . miller ( cont ’d ) it 's weird , no one else see it . you would think it would be pretty bright . no ? rourke - it could be infra-re . miller how 's that ? rourke a infra-re bulb . human can not see it , but video camera pick it up . he could blind the camera with no one notice . the video roll on and we see by the other view that the bank robbery begin at 10:00:13 , roughly two minute later . miller great . a full two minute go by and we can not tell who enter or leave . fade into : int . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 5 : Miriam miller how tong be you there before it begin ? miriam a few minute . miller can you tell we what happen after the explosion and the smoke ? miriam they make everyone get down and close they eye . then one of they tell the other to go down and fix the camera . int . mcc to ext . STREET — 12:32 pm rourke they cover up every camera by 10:05 . click here @ upgrade : expanded feature | unlimite page | 32 . complete berk there 's movement at the front door . everyone turn to the video monitor which show the front door of the bank open . they ali run out of the mcc . ( handheid ) we follow Miller , pappas , and mitche !! as they approach the scene emerge . a man in the white outfit of the Crew exit the bank and stand in front of the door , which close . his hand do not move from he side . a black metal desk drawer hang from he neck by a length of phone cord . '' the open side face he chest , so the swat can not see what 's in it . several swat , include hernandez , approach siowly , m - 16' point at he hernandez ( shout ing ) do not move ! put you hand on you head and get down on you knee ! ( a quick beat ) get the fuck down before | shoot you ! white outfit man still do not respond . hernandez step up to he , the barrel of he m - 16 point directly at he chest . Close - up on White outfit man 's face . he try to speak from behind he mouth guard , but he mouth be tape . hernandez move the guard aside to reveal tape on he mouth , which he pull off . it 's dexter . he gasp . dexter do not shoot . piease , do not shoot I . hernandez who be you ? dexter dexter reed . ! work in the bank . hernandez ok . retax dexter . be you all right ? dexter yes , hernandez be you booby trap ? be that a bomb ? dexter no. fuck , no . my hand be tie . slowly , hernandez move the drawer and peek into it . it 's empty . he take it by the cord and lift it off of he . '' glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 33 . __complete 4 Inside the drawer we see a message scrawle in l|iquid paper , but can not make it out . hernandez wave he arm to signal al ! ciear . swat 2 and 3 approach . hernandez sling he m - 16 , shuffles dexter away from the bank , to milier and pappas int . office of the mayor - 12:45 pm White enter the office of the mayor , white , 54 , find he speak with a aide , 29 . mayor madeteine . how be you ? white just fine , you honor . thanks for see I on such short notice . they shake hand mayor oh , please . | always have time to put on a tux and eat free food for a good cause . who be we save this week ? white Sir , I be try to round up support for the Joseph freidkin memoria ! Fund for spinat cord Research . we be hold a fund - raiser next month , and if you could attend it would really give we a boost mayor ft would be my pleasure ( to he aide ) John , be we through here ? aide yes , Sir aide begin to exit . mayor tetl I , can | do any more to ... aide exit . mayor ( cont 'd ) ( angrily , but quietly ) what the fuck do you want ? white a favor . 3 pdf _ complete __ click here & upgrade expanded feature | unlimite pome mayor no shit ! which kind ? white the fast one |’ ft ! ever ask of you . mayor that 's the kind | have in mind . white you know about this hostage situation ? mayor on my way . what 's it get to do with you ? white | just need to keep a eye on it . Mayor pick up the remote , press a button , and we see ny1 cover the situation live . white ( cont 'd ) thanks . | need to get a little closer . bring I there and Tel ! whoever 's in '' charge to extend I every courtesy mayor you be out of you fuckin’ mind white if it be easy , it would not square we mayor it 's impossible . white you know that 's not true . you '! have to call in a few marker , that 's all . mayor | may have to give out a few . white so that 's what you 'li do . mayor you be a magnificent cunt . int . diner - 1:00 pm mitchel ! and pappas stand . Miller sit with dexter reed . __complete click here & upgrade expanded feature unlimite page - 35 . dexter the first thing | remember be a expfiosion and a lot of smoke . then they be scream , '' get down on the fioor or we 'tly kitl you . '' they want everybody to keep they eye shut . miller do they hurt anyone ? dexter yeah . they beat up Pete hammond . miller who be that ? dexter he 's a bank vp . miller beat he bad ? dexter | do not know . he try to hide he cell phone and they catch he . miller so how many of they do you see ? dexter four , but there could have be more . switch to view from street of Miller and dexter continue they conversation . camera pull back and turn to the bank . int . mcc — 1:25 pm the desk drawer sit on a table around which Miller , mitchel ! , and pappas be seat . the message inside , write in white liquid paper , read : 2 bus with full gas tank . 1 jumbo jet with full gas tank and pilot at JFK , park at end of runway . we give you until 9:00 p.m. to do this . then we kill one hostage every hour in front of tv camera . Bank be secure with semtex . we will demonstrate if necessary . mitchell whatever you do , do not give they a jet . pappas there 's no ptane . maybe a bus. maybe. oe click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf untimite page | 36 . complete _ miller untit | speak to they they get nothing not a cup of coffee . for now we wait . we 'ly let they wonder what we be do . the door open and Collins enter , follow by case collin Excuse I , detective . this be Arthur case . he 's the .. coltin turn back to case for help . case Chairman of the board of director . collin of the bank . you wanna talk to he ? miller let he in . case enter . Collins exit and close the door miller ( cont 'd ) !'m detective milter . be there anything in particular you think we should know ? case no . | just wonder if | couid be of any assistance . have they make any demand ? pappas they want a jet . case oh , | see . {a beat ) would you like I to arrange for one ? they all look at he like he 's from another planet . case ( cont ’d ) on , sorry . | misunderstand . miller that 's ali right , Mr. case . where can we reach you if we need anything ? case wetl , 1 think | would stay here for a white . that be my people in there . complete '' click here & upgrade expanded feature unlimite page 37 miller we will keep you post as best we can , but you will have to excuse we now . case absolutely . thank you all very much . case exit . a beat . they wait to see who joke first . mitchell omimick case ) - '' would you like I to arrange one ? '' yeah , we will call you as soon as they demand a clueless old white guy . rourke , seat at a console monitoring the bank , see action . rourke Movement at the front door . ext . bank entrance — 1:27 pm the front door of the bank open . a hostage in the white outfit walk out slowly , revealing a gun point at the back of he head , hold by a suspect in the white outfit . they both move out slowly . the hostage have a piece of paper in he outstretch hand . a swat step forward and take it from he . then the suspect walk backwards slowly into the bank , keep the gun train on the hostage . the swat hand the paper to milter , who read it : fifty hungry people . food now . miller good . CUT to : int . mcc - 1:30 pm miller be we ready with listen device ? berk | need fifteen minute once | have the food . pizza 's the best . not sandwich . mitchell {to milter ) be she for real ? milter come to berk 's station and look at she equipment . i ~ glick here & upgrade expanded feature ' 5 pdf unlimite page 38 . complete wee cad miller ( to berk ) be you for reat ? berk we will send in , say , seven pizza box with transmitter . maybe we 'l ! get some conversation if we give they something to group around . give ‘em each a sandwich it 's hit or miss . they can walk around . and | do not have fifty transmitter milter pick up a small pen-like device from the desk . miller what 's this ? berk digital recorder . click it and it '!l record for hatf a hour . miller James bond shit . berk ( contradict ) { get it on amazon . mitchell you gonna ask for a hostage ? miller he just give I one . do not he ? if | ask for another and he say no , then what ? he know what he 's do . he give we a hostage so he get he food . | do not want to get catch bluff this guy . int , bank basement — 2:00 pm a smal} room in the basement . Seven hostages sit silently on the floor in full gear , identity hide . one of they , peltz , pull down he goggt and mouthguard . pelt oh , fuck this . they wanna shoot I for take off my mask they can go ahead nancy ( whisper loudly ) you wanna get we ail kill !? click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 39 . complete pelt relax . what the hell 's the difference ? they be out there rebbing the bank . paul the difference be you do not know what they ’!| do to we if they catch you . you think they dress we like this for fun ? pelt t do not know why they make we put on a} ! this crap . probably so when the cop break in to rescue we we all get fuck shot . it 's a great plan but no thanks . the door open and we see Steve , fulfy mask , with a hammer in he hand , he look around the room quickly and see who 's be cause all of this trouble . he move towards peltz and raise the hammer in the air in a threaten manner . steve ( shout ing ) the fuck you think you be do ? Steve kick peltz in the gut , grab he collar , and drag he out of the room . he stam the door shut . the other be still and silent , but visibly shake . we hear sound from outside of Steve beat peltz and drag he off fade into : int . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 6 : chaim miller could you hear anything they say ? chaim one guy do most of the talk . he tell everyone else what to do . miller you hear they talk among themseives ? chaim no. never . they keep we in room with the door tock the whole time . we never knew what they be do . interview 3 : peltz. click here & upgrade expanded feature | pdf unlimite page 40 . complete i peltz have laid out 14 photo , include Steve and the woman we will soon come to know as stevie . pelt I be sure about alt of this people . miller tell I about each of they . pelt well , you could not miss the rabbi , right ? whenever you take a plane there 's always two of they on it . be that , like , a law ? mi tchell yeah . who eise ? pelt and this two guy be gay it up like it be Halloween in the Village . hooter over here . | mean you would have to be dead not to notice she . wel ! , | suppose Neil ( nod to they photo ) and Bob over here could have miss she . miller yeah , seem {ike everyone notice she . tell we about you injury . pelt I be fine miller we hear you get beat up pretty bad . pelt | get kick in the nut . then in the stomach a few time . it hurt like hell for a while , but I be fine now . int . bank — MAIN floor — 2:35 pm dalton and Steve , mask , open the front door . outside , a swat officer hold seven pizza . another swat hold case of pepsi . a third swat hold a m - 16 , point at the ground . Miller stand behind they . Steve approach the swat with the pizza and take they from he . he bring they inside . miller ( to dalton ) hi dalton ignore this . Steve return and take the soda . ° '' click here & upgrade | = expanded feature | pdf unlimite page | 41 complete _ miller ( cont 'd ) how 's it go ? Steve re-enter the bank . miller ( cont ' D ) hope pizza 's ok . sorry , it 's a bit cold . dalton look at Miller as he back into the bank miller ( cont ' D ) Nice talk to ya . int . mobile command CENTER — 2:50 pm pappas , mitchel ! , mitter , berk and rourke . pappas quiet . voice emerge from the speaker in a unknown language . pappas ( cont 'd ) shit! fuckin 's Russians ! the rest react negatively . miller oh , shit ( to berk ) Cal ! and get we a Russian translator tell he to hurry . pappas and get some fuck bodybag . ( to Miller ) you would better know what you be do . ' cos if my guy have to shoot it out with that fuckin’ savage ... miller thanks . fuck . int . bank basement hallway - 2:52 pm stevie and Steve -o stand in the hallway , fully disguise . we see that stevie have a earpiece in one ear . steve-o bring out five and walk they straight into this room . '' glick Hare & upgrade - expanded feature { pdf untimite page 4 ?. complete | stevie ok . stevie enter the first room . we hear she give order Steve -o back up to another door , where they will go . stevie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you , you , you , you , and you . stand up . ( a beat ) outside . five hostages in white outfit like the Crew , include face cover , enter the haliway , follow by stevie . we recognize Nancy among they by she figure . Steve -o motion they into the second room . they enter , and he close the door behind they . steve-0 hang on a sec . Steve -0 enter a third room and return with another hostage . he walk he past stevie and send he into the second room , steve - o0 ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ing ) ready ? Steve appear from around the corner . Steve - o open the door to the second room , and tet he in . Inside , we see a box of pizza and a large bottle of soda on a desk . steve-o ( cont 'd ) just sit here quietly and eat . Steve -0 close the door to the room and lock it . fade into : int . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 2 : Seth seth this five | recognize from before it start . | be on line behind this tady , and this guy be behind I . and | see he . | like he T-shirt . and she , too . miller why do you remember she ? seth great tit . S pdf glick here & upgrade ! expanded feature : unlimite page complete J Miller and mitchel ! both take more closely at she photo . mitchell ~ you remember see any of they after ? seth | see she a few time afterwards . miller how do you know you see she again ? _ seth | could still see that tit under the suit . can not hide quality tike that . mitchell anyone else ? seth - this guy . |'m pretty sure that | be in a room with this guy for a while . miller be you sure ? seth | can not be sure . his face be cover the whote time . they all be . and nobody speak , except for whisper . interview 7 : Nancy we see Miller and mitchel ! look at Nancy , from she Pov . they eye often wander towards she breast nancy ( 0.s. ) this guy . he almost get we ai} kitle . mitchell why ? nancy ( 0.s . ) they put eight or nine of we in a office for a white . this guy take he mask off and be taik like he be not afraid . '' I do not have to wear this damn mask . . '' you know ? so they come in , pull he out of the room and smack he around a little . miller do you see he again after that ? '' — glick here & upgrade : expanded feature ; pdf unlimite page 44 , complete : nancy ( 0.s. ) no. be he ok ? mitchell he seem fine . do you recognize anyone else from that room . Pov switch to Miller 's and mitchel ! 's view of Nancy . nancy | can not be sure about the other . mitchell no one ? why do not you keep look . nancy you know , | be terrify miller - what about before it begin ? you do not look around while you wait in line ? Nancy have notice they check out she breast nancy you guy wanna take another picture ? | could bend over and pick up a pencil Miller and mitchel ! be embarrassed . int . mcc to ext . STREET - continuous ~- 3:20 pm Mitchell , mitler , pappas , berk , and rourke be silent . sergeant borinsky , 45 , male , listen to the tape . borinsky what the fuck ? this be not Russian . miller then what the hell be it ? borinsky not Polish . not hungarian , bulgarian . maybe . it 's Central european . sort of . miller tnat 's it ? you be the language expert ? borinsky what ? no . my parent come over from Russia . we speak it at home . = — '' click here & ungrade ] expanded feature pdf unlimite page 45 , complete pappas all Greek to I . {to miiler ) whadda ya think ? miller | do not know . Christ . we be in New York City . somebody on this street have to know what this be . probably the hot dog guy . Miller stand , raise the voiume on the tape and open the door of the mcc , face away from the bank , so he cannot be see or hear from the bank . he step out and announce to the crowd of police and other in the immediate vicinity . miller ( cont 'd ) everybody be quiet please . do anybody know what language this be ? sitence , all tisten . Kevin , 29 , ConEd worker , speak . kevin it 's albanian . miller would you come in here , please ? Kevin enter the mcc . miller ( cont ’d ) what be they say ? kevin | do not have a clue what they be say . miller how do you know it 's albanian ? kevin my ex . her parent be albanian . could not speak English . | do not know what they be say , but |’d recognize it anywhere . miller oh , man . all right . ( to berk ) get the albanian Consulate . see if they can send someone over to translate this . make it happen fast . ( to Kevin ) you hang around . cick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 46 . complete ext . STREET — 3:25 pm uniform cop be diverting traffic in the area . int . mobile command CENTER — 3:35 pm berk Sir . no tuck with the albanian Consulate miller what do you mean ? berk { can not tell what the guy be talk about . | think he want money . | try the State Department . that take a month . miller ( to Kevin ) call she . kevin ( knee-jerk reaction ) noooo way . | hate that bitch . miller she speak albanian ? kevin yeah . she grow up there Miller hand he the phone . a beat . Kevin take it . kevin ( cont ’d ) | hate that bitch . Kevin dial and wait , then hand the phone to Miller . miller hello . this be detective Andrew mitler with the nypd . { be here with you ex - husband . no , Kevin . no. everything 's fine . he 's not in any trouble . actually , we need you help . [ | understand that you speak albanian . yes . he 's a handsome man . listen , do you think it would be possibte for I to send a squad car to bring you here ? Excuse I ? parking ticket . I ' i1 see what | can do . where be you now ? Miller write down she address , and hand it to berk click Hera & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page * complete 47 miller ( cont 'd ) we will have a squad car there in three minute . i'i1l see you very soon . bye. kevin can | get back to work ? miller sure . hey , thanks for you help . ~ kevin no problem , good luck with my ex-wife . fade into : int . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 2 : Seth miller do you hear they do anything ? seth like what ? miller you know , break stuff , move stuff what do you think they be do when you could not see they ? seth beat I . | do not hear anything . int . mobile command CENTER ~ 3:55 pm uniform Officer carnow , 49 , male , white , enter with ilina , 32 , dark , sexy , cheap , with breast implant . carnow who 's detective Miller ? miller right here . carnow this be ltina marit ... mira ... ilina push past carnow and enter , carry a shopping bag , which she hand to milter as she reach he . ilina miritia . hello . glick here & ' upgrade expanded feature | pdf untimite page ; 48 . complete : miller hi . thanks for come . what 's this ? ilena parking ticket . you can fix they ? miller I 'tat do my best . can you listen to this and teli I what they be say ? Miller motion to berk at a console , who push a button . we hear the albanian conversation . i|lina laugh . miller ( cont ’d ) something funny ? you know what they be talk about ? flina oh , | know what they be talk about . | even know who it be . miller you know they name ? who be it ? tlina parking ticket mitler reach into the bag and examine a few ticket . miller expire meter . hydrant . no stand . they be all take care of . now talk tlina it 's enver hoexa. ( pronounce hoga ) miller who be he ? how do you know he ? elina he be President of albania . miller you be tell I the former President of atbania be in there robbing a bank ? ilina no. enver hoexa 's dead . that 's a tape of he discuss how communism will defeat capitalism . | would not worry . glick hore & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 4y . complete miller it 's a tape ? you be sure about this ? ~ ilina | have to fisten to alt this nonsense in schoot . communism be great . the West be evit . lenin , marx , blah blah blah . that 's enver hoexa . it 's a tape . miller thank you . Officer , woutd you take Ms. mirita home ? ilina miritia . miller sorry . hey , do I a favor and watch where you park from now on . ok ? ilena where be Kevin ? llina exit . miller they be play tape for we now ? mttchell , they know we be gonna bug they . miller damn right they know . and they know how . worse than that , they want we to bug they so they could send we on this wild goose chase . last time | have my prick pull that good it cost I five buck . pappas ( taughing ) atbanian . good choice . int . bank — a room in the basement — 4:00 pm we hear the atbanian tape continue as we pan around a office . a m - 16 rest on the desk . we see Steve , unmask and relaxed , eat a fold slice of pizza . we pan across a portable cassette player . the tape inside be turn . we stop on a pizza box with remnant of a pizza pie . ~ glick here & upgrade ! expanded feature pdf unlimite page 50 . _ complete_ = int . bank basement - safe deposit BOX room — 5:00 pm daiton stand by while stevie , unmask , pick the lock to box 392 . we see stevie 's face for the first time . the box have two tock . the bank master key be in the other . it be part of a group of box which measure roughly five inch in height and six inch in width , the second sma ! lfest type of box in the vault , the smallest be three inch in height . stevie manage to pick the lock . she open the door . stevie get it stevie slide out the box , which be 24 inch long . dalton spectacular . dalton open the lid of the box , which reveal a old , brown envelope , stuff with document . there be some official look typewrite on it , in a germanic style typeface . the envelope rest on other content , which we can not make out . int , mayor 's limousine — 5:30 pm the Mayor be seat next to White . milter sit down . mayor detective Miller . Nice to meet you . they shake hand . mayor ( cont 'd ) this be madeteine White . mitter and White shake hand . miller how do you do ? white it 's a honor , detective . mayor Ms. White may be abte to assist you . miller be that a fact ? how ? click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 's 51 . complete mayor she have a certain amount of influence in this matter , for reason | can not share with you , but if you would allow she to ... miller ( interrupt ) | beg you pardon , Mr. Mayor , but what the fuck be you try to say ? mayor well , |. white if | may , what the Mayor mean be that there be matter at stake here that be a little bit above you pay grade , no offense , and he 's offer to help you . miller well then , perhaps you should just Tel ! the Mayor to raise my pay grade to the right level . Problem solve . white wet ! , detective , we can discuss that . miller | do not mean it . I be up for first grade in a year or two . you wanna speed that along , | will not talk you out of it . white there 's also the matter of this hundred and forty thousand dollar that seem to have waik away from you madrugada check cash bust . the Mayor and | would like to be in you corner on that . CUT to : ext . STREET - 5:35 pm pull back from the limo . Men train floodlight on the bank . the rear deor of a ConEd truck open . a dishevel Kevin step out . he look disgust . he look around and poke he head back in . |lina step out . she look pleased . int . bank — 6:00 pm the phone be ringing . dalton grab a hostage and have he answer it , while he listen on a extension . glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page - 52 . complete miller lemme talk to enver hoexa . hostage uh . what ? miller be this the President of albania ? dalton speak . miller you be pretty funny . dalton you should not eavesdrop on people . miller get use to it , pal . not much privacy where you be go . know what | mean ? dalton damn right . this time next week | " 11 be suck down pina coladas in a hot tub with six girl name amber and Tiffany miller think so ? more like a shower with guy name jamal and Jesus . and here 's the bad news , buddy . that thing you be suck on , it be not a pina colada . daiton laugh . miller ( cont 'd ) maybe you like that kinda thing ? dalton you really wanna piss I off ? miller so here 's where we stand ... dalton | do not need you status report , serpico . | tell you where thing stand . miller sure. sure. | just mean ... glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf untimite page 53 . complete 4 dalton here 's where thing stand . you be get I what I have ask you for . you will have it ready in the time | give you , or you ' fl sit by and watch I do just what I have say I would do . clear ? miller look pal , [ I be try to get you what you want , but the City of New York do not just keep 747 's wait around for day like today . understand ? dalton | understand that if you do not have my plane ready in three hour , then you might as well send a hearse . miller please . let 's focus on how we can both get what we want here . dalton not likely . just get I what | want and | will not have to kill anyone . miller all right . atl right . i’1l get back to work on it . just let 's try to keep everybody calm for now . ok ? dalton do not | sound caim to you ? miller yeah , you do . we hear dalton hang up the phone . miller ( cont 'd ) too friggin’ calm . int . basement — supply room — 7:30 Steve , unmask , hammer at the floor with the pick -axe . he begin to break through the floor . he kneel on he knee in order to take long swing without hit the ceiling . fade into : int . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 5 : chaim = click here & upgrade - = expanded feature pdf unlimite page | 54 complete miller do you think you could identify any of they from this picture ? chaim | doubt it . miller can you rute out any of this people ? chaim - this | can do . chaim sort through the photo , choose twelve we do not see . chaim ( cont ' D ) this | remember see in the bank before it happen . miller you be sure about al ! of they ? chaim sometimes | carry lot of cash . | like to know who the people around I be . interview 8 : Steve steve | hold the door open for one of they , how fuck up be that ? miller why would you do that ? steve | do not know they be gonna rob the fuck place , do I ? miller good point . so Mr. da-mer-ji-an .. steve damerjian . Cal ! I Kenneth . miller ( pretend he know ) that 's a albanian name . right ? steve it 's armenian . Miller can not tell if that 's a '' yes '' or a '' no '' . glick here & upgrade expanded feature : pdf unlimite page '' 55 . __ complete miller sorry . |'m not much on geography . be that like , the same thing ? steve detective , | be bear in queen . I have never be to armenia or aibania . | go surfing in austratia once . that help ? interview 5 : chaim Miller and chaim be stand . the interview be over . miller just outta curiosity , you know anything about diamond ? chaim a bit . what do you need ? miller what should a guy like I spend on a engagement ring ? chaim depend . if you like , 1 can give you my nephew 's number . he will take good care of you . policeman 's discount . you know . miller that would be great . int . switch between mcc and bank — 8:00 pm Miller and the usual cast . he be on the phone with dalton . miller listen . | can not work miract here . I be gonna need some more time . dalton perhaps if you would use the time that | give you more efficiently , instead of hide microphone in pizza box and listen to old dead communist lecture about grain production quotas , you would not be have this problem . miller what do you want I to say ? dalton that my plane be ready . '' expanded feature pdf unlimite page 56 complete miller I be do my best on that , but !’m gonna need at least twelve more hour . the drawer with the demand sit on a counter . dalton why should | give you any more time ? miller simpte . you can give I the time | need , and get what you ask for , or you can be stupid , and then you '!l! never get it . come on , what have you get to lose ? ( a beat ) { can send you more food . dalton | have get a question for you . if you get it right I 'i1l give you eight more hour . miller and. dalton you know what happen if you do not miller | do not like this deal . dalton the current proposition be | get a plane in three hour or you get a corpse . so what have you get to lose ? miller let 's hear it . dalton which weigh more , all the train that pass through Grand centra ! Station in a year , or the tree cut down to print all U.S. currency in circulation . miller how the fuck should | know ? dalton it 's not reatly ali that hard . here 's a hint : it 's a trick question . miller oh , gee . thanks . = pdf chick here & upgrade expanded feature unlimite page complete _ dalton you can phone a friend . just hurry up dalton hang up . Miller look at mitchel !. they expression be blank . but pappas know . pappas it 's the train . U.S. money be not print on paper at ail . it 's cotton . mi tchell yeah . | hear that once pappas yeah . so no tree be cut down . miller not too shabby . 100 % ? pappas absolutely . no doubt . int . switch between mcc and bank — 8:03 pm dalton ( answer phone ) Manhattan trust . miller I have get it . dalton we 'l ! see . mitchell ( interrupt desperately ) wait ! wait ! do not say anything ! miller hang on . ( cover phone , to mitchel ! ) what ? mttchell it 's a trap ! they both weigh the same . dalton I be go to have to have you answer . CUT to : 57 . click Hera & upgrade . expanded feature pdf untimite page 58 . _complete miller ( to mitchel ! ) what ? mitchell they both weigh nothing . tell he they both weigh the same . do it now . dalton time 's up . miller they both weigh the same . a long beat . dalton this time send deli sandwich . dalton hang up miller what in the worid be that ? mitchell : he say '' Grand Central Station . '' '' Grand Central Terminal '' be the train station '' Grand Central Station '' be a post office . there be not any train in it . miller be you fuck kid I ? pappas Holy shit . this guy 's nut . int . bank basement room - 9:00 pm ten mask hostage be seat in the room . mate and female . we recognize the bearded chaim beneath he mask . hostage 1 | have knick ticket tonight . hostage 2 they be gonna get they ass kick . hostage 1 tell I about it . I be better off here . chaim I would kill for a hot dog and a beer now click here & upgrade| expanded feature i pdf unlimite page ; 59 hostage 1 oh man . what do you think , rabbi ? do we have a prayer ? chaim I be not actually a rabbi . hostage 1 no shit ? | mean , really ? what do you do ? - chaim lawyer . | teach course at Columbia Law on genocide , stave labor and war claim . hostage 2 hey . can | sue anybody when this be over ? chaim sure . go nut . int . bank basement supply room — 9:00 pm Steve and Steve -o stand over a two - foot hole in the floor . Steve - o have the pick -axe . they mouthguard and goggle hang around they neck and we see they face . Steve -o be peltz . Inside the hole , we see a sewer pipe . steve good . yeah , good . thanks . int . dalton be cell - unknown dalton ( v.0 . ) I be no martyr . | do it for the money . but I have spend my |ife around wealth . int . case' office - unoccupied - 9:00 pm we pan across the watl . frame certificate : american Cancer Society ; benefactor . a photo of case with President Carter plaque : Friends of Israel ; man of the Year . dalton ( v.0 . ) it 's not worth much if you can not face yourse !f in the mirror . respect be the ultimate currency . | be steal from a man who would trade he away for a few dollar . he have try to wash away he guilt ; drow it in a lifetime of good deed and a sea of respectability . it ( more ) 6 b glick Hare 8 opava | expanded feature : : pdf unlimite page : 60. __ complete dalton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) almost work , too . but inevitably , the further you run from you sin , the more exhaust you be when they catch you . and they do . certain , it will not fail . ext , STREET outside mcc - 14:00 am Miller be speak with katrine on he cell phone . miller I be sorry , baby . | know . | have no idea . it could be over in a few hour or it could go on forever . you go to steep . it 's late . balt see you tomorrow . what 's that ? | wish | know how it be go . this ‘!l either be the best thing that 's ever happen to my career or the worst . katrine ( 0.s. ) | see the Mayor on tv . he say you be do a great job . miller oh , Christ . the Mayor . | gotta go , baby . thanks . |} love you , too . Miller hang up . a beat while he concentrate . int . bank — MAIN floor - 1:10 am datton be on the phone with Miller . miller someone here want to talk to you . white hello . dalton who be this ? Miller hand White the phone . they be alone in a alley . white let 's not get into name . what matter be what | have to offer you . dalton and what be that ? white if 1 can ensure that certain interest be protect , | may be able to help you get what you come here for . p '' chick here & upgrade | expanded feature ° pdf untimite page '' 61 . complete j dalton | highly doubt that . tel ! I about this interest that you be try to protect . white let I worry about that . what be you hope to get out of all this ? dalton Rich , of course . white of course . but you may have bitten off more than you can chew . dalton how so ? white ! can not discuss it over the phone . dalton do you work for the bank ? white no dalton {a beat ) come on in . ext . STREET ~ 1:15 am Miller and pappas . miller | need a favor . pappas {s it a '' I need you to pick up my kid at schoo ! '' kind of favor , or a '' help I get rid of a dead hooker '' kind of favor ? miller let 's just say | have tremendous respect for you , as a professional and as someone who understand the complexity of this job that we do . {a beat ) and +f and when | do have kid , I ‘1i never ask you to pick they up at schoo} . ick hore & upgrade = : expanded feature | i pdf unlimite page _ 62 | complete _ : pappas good . so telt I what you need . miller ~ turn the light out for ten minute . pappas . what be you fuck story ? miller what do you mean ? pappas Far as |'ve see today , you be all about the job , and get that people outta there alive . so | ignore the fact that | know you pockete a hundred forty grand offa that coke ring that run outta that check cash place . miller it never happen . pappas . | do not care if it do , but now you be work some other angle , so | gotta ask two question . miller shoot . pappas how 's it gonna effect the situation ? miller it might help end this thing peaceful ly . pappas . good . and what 's in it for I ? Miller observe pappas for a beat . miller that 's it , get this thing over with pappas right answer , just turn out the light for ten minute ? miller that 's it . so | can send in a ringer . pappas purse he lip for a beat . click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 63 . complete pappas that do not sound ali that bad . miller you '| { do it for I ? pappas oh , you will get a call from I one of this day . shit , | get two dead hooker decompose in my tooi shed right now ext . STREET - 1:25 am White wear a police slicker and baseball cap . she and Miller approach the bank entrance . the light be off miller ten minute . no more . if you can not make it out before the light come on , you can stay there ' till it 's over . white you do not need to threaten I . they reach the bank entrance and stop . miller that be not the threat , Lady . this be . | know this game be a mile over my head , but if you fuck I over , if you - white | get where | be by coltect friend not enemy . trust I . a beat . each expect the other to knock on the door . miller | get you this far . White carefully knock the door slowly with she knuckle . CUT to : int . bank — MAIN floor ~ 1:26 am White be spread -eagle on the floor , face - down . daiton hold she jacket . stevie finish frisk she . both be mask . dalton so what can | do for you ? White stand , compose herself , and quickly look around . click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 64 , complete white we can help each other . dalton what make you think | need any heip ? white the hundred cop outside . for starter dalton not a problem . white right . they be fueling you jet now . you be not that stupid . so here 's what | think . you give up now . | can ensure that you 'tly serve the minimum . |'m think three year . four at the most . dalton you can arrange that ? white you have not steal anything and you have not hurt anyone . not yet anyway . dalton not good enough . white t be not finish . when you get out you 'ly have two million dollar , dalton will 1 ? how so ? White produce a safe deposit box key . white we will go get it and put it ina safe deposit box . it will be there wait for you when you get out . dalton wo not anybody miss it ? white that 's not a problem . |' 1 ! make it go away . or | can wire it into a numbered account offshore , if you prefer . dalton what about the key ? click here & urarae | | expanded feature pdf unlimite page complete 65 . fee white that 's up to you . | can keep it for you , or you can swallow it . or you can shove it up you ass if you want . datton ponder this for a moment . dalton you can shove that key up you ass . white what ? I be make you a very sweet offer . | realty do not think you have much in the way of alternative . dalton why do not you tell I about that interest you be here to protect . white | can not do that . dalton | can . daiton and White stare at each other for a tong moment . dalton ( cont ' D ) let I Tel ! you a story . during World War two there be a american work for a bank in switzertand . now | do not need to tell you that when you lift up a rock , you find a bunch of slime get fuck over by a swiss banker . and i| ' mar thief . they have be profiting off of the world 's misery for century , and they be proud of it . and certainly , this period in history be rife with opportunity for people of such tow moral . peopte like this one american . he use he position to enrich himself while alt around he , people be be stripped of everything they own , torture , starve , murder , and burnt in oven or bury alive . then he use some of he blood money to start a bank . now in the case of the swiss , hey , that 's just who they be . but the idea that a american would do that , collaborate with the enemy for financial gain , that offend I personaily . white so you be a patriotic bank robber . ' click hore & upgrade ! expanded feature uniimite page ; 66. complete dalton I be just say | can live with myself I be not really hurt anyone . white what about all this innocent people ? dalton what about ‘em ? when this be over they ' i1 go home and hug they family and be better people . and they a!ly have a great story to Tel ! at party . maybe one of they will ! write a book about it , sell the movie rights , and get richer than I . I be do they a favor . as tong as the cop do not force I to blow they to piece {a beat ) anyway , do this sound anything like the interest you come in here to protect ? or be | just whistling the Star spangt Banner out of my ass ? white | believe we understand each other . dalton good . so what the hel ! can you do for I ? since | clearly know more than you do , and | ' have plan this to perfection . white you think you have . ' till | show up . believe I . if | need to , | can change you entire program . so the sooner you stop be my problem and start be my solution , the better off you be gonna be . dalton meaning what , exactly ? white meaning that if | push a few button | can fill this place with more laugh gas than a Moscow theatre . dalton and what about all this innocent people ? white ( repeat cynically } I be as concerned about they as you be . pdf complete glick here & upgrade expanded feature unlimite page dalton stay here . dalton stand , exit and return with the old envelope . dalton ( cont 'd ) this envelope could be very embarrassing to a certain gentleman who consider himself a man of honor . he should have destroy it a long time ago , but he do not . so now it 's mine . and as long as I be safe , so be this . if the day ever come where | have to stand before a judge and account for what | do here , you and you boss will do whatever it take to help I . and if you have to move Heaven and Earth , | suggest you do so . white that 's all ? dalton you think | should have ask for more ? white | would have think you might want some help get out of here . dalton | think | can handie that . dalton motion White out of the bank , and they begin to walk . white I be start to believe you . look , if you make it out of here with that envelope , we will pay you a lot of money for it . dalton I 'tly keep that in mind . tell I one thing . how the hel ! do you get they to let you in here ? white you be not go to Tel ! I how you plan to get out . be you ? dalton I be gonna walk right out the front door . white one thing | would like to know . = click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page | 68 . complete d dalton what . 's that ? white ~ how do you find out about all of this ? dalton that do not matter . the fact be that all lie , all evil deed , they stink . you can cover they up for a while , but they do not go away . government fall , war end , wealth change hand , book be open . whatever . and thing that be once dead and bury find they way to the surface . in all of this turmoit , someone add two pius two and get four . | just happen to be there when this rotten |ittle carcass poke its head out . white murder will out . we see a rapid fire shot of dalton 's tattoo from he first scene : '' murder will out . certain , it will ! not fail . chaucer . '' dalton precisely . lies be very complex . they shift over time , they need maintenance . the truth be exceedingly simple . it never change , and it always come out . one day we will find out who reaitly kill Kennedy . white I still do not get what you be do . dalton good White begin to exit . white you be not go to shoot I in the back as | leave , be you ? dalton have not think about it . white one last thing . click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 69 . complete dalton nanticipate she question ) how do | know you} ! hold up you end , and not just have I ki ! lead ? white welt , | be not go to put it that ... dalton welt , it 's such a horrible cliché , but .. anything happen to I ... you know ... letter to the New York Times .. blah blah blah . white builshit . dalton maybe . thank you for banking with Manhattan trust . dalton close the door and begin to lock it . White knock dalton reopen it slightly and look at White . white the watergate burgiar . dalton ' 's expression go from '' what be you talk about ? '' to '' oh my God , be you serious ? '' white ( cont ' D ) that 's what be on the miss eighteen minute of tape dalton unbe ! ievable . white do not tell anyone . White back away and the door close . ext . STREET — 1:40 am in a secluded corner , White debrief milter . white we speak . miller oh no. | be gonna need more than that . _ ~ click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page jo . complete _ i white | tell he that since he have not kiile anyone , it be not too tate to surrender and get off with light sentence . miller and ...? white . that be basically it . miller you know , | do not get offended the first time someone treat I like a idiot . but now you be push it . you do not go in there just to Tel ! the guy what he already know . there have to be more . white look detective , we have a arrangement , and it do not inctude I give you a detailed explanation . miller ey , arrange this . ok ? you do not own I . this coke bust , the check cash thing , | can face that on my own . | know what | do and do not do . so taik . white off the record ? miller '' off the record ? '' everything about you be off the record . just talk . white | give he a incentive . ( a beat ) | offer to make it worth he while . that 's alt | can say on that account . miller do he go for it ? white well , he tell I to go to het !. but , he 's shrewd . he 's consider it . miller what about the other ? ~ click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page Al . white t only speak to the chief . Miller pause , then drop he attitude and talk to White as a teammate , tacitly admit that he need she help miller he 's smart , be not he ? white he sure think he be . he 's no dummy miller he seem like one of yours . ivy League . white he be clearly well - educate , - miller so explain it to I . white rreiterate the question ) why 's he robbing a bank ? | have not the faintest notion . miller ( quickly ) that 's what | mean . you talk like he . so think like he . what 's he go to do ? white he 's not go to kill anyone . miller why not ? white he 's not a murderer . miller 1 " l ) let you in on something . most of the guy do life up in sing sing be not murderer , until they kill someone . you can not tell what someone '' ! do when you back they into a corner . white | understand , but it do not seem like you have back he into a corner . . click here & upgrade . expanded feature i pdf untimite page 12 . | complete miller feel more like he choose this corner . {a beat ) you be through here , right ? white | guess . you be say | shouid jieave ? miller yes . you have a business card ? | wanna be able to reach you . White take a pad and pen from she breast pocket , write a number on it , while speak , and hand it to Miller . white do not be offended , but | hope you never find it necessary to use this miller not at ail . and please do not take this personally , but suck my dick . White extend she hand to Miller , who shake it . she smile . white careful , miiler . my bite be worse than my bark . fade into : int . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 9 : Brian miller how old be you , Brian ? brian eight and three quarter . miller Big boy . let I ask you something , Brian . be you scared in there ? brian no , miller wow . you must be pretty brave . so Brian , this people with the gun , do you remember anything that they say ? ~ click here & upgrade | = expanded feature | pdf untimite page | 73 . complete brian sure . miller ~ teli I what you remember . brian Steven say that | should never do anything that [ | know be wrong . miller he do ? who 's Steven ? brian the guy who rob the bank . duh. miller be he the one in charge ? brian uh huh . he say that just because you see something that you want , that do not give you the right to take it , miller ( aggravate ) no shit . he do not say anything like , '' do as | say and not as | do . '' do he ? mitchel ! jump in and calm thing down . mitchell Brian , do you think you can recognize he in any of this picture ? Brian study the photo . Miller pace the room . brian no . he 's not there . miller get a picture of Mr. Rogers . case close . int . mcc — 2:40 am pappas smoke a cigarette . pappas how dumb do this moron have to be to think they be gonna get a plane ? miller this guy 's no moron . click here & upgcasis expanded feature pdf unlimite pages® 7a . complete pappas | do not just mean he . any hostage taker . that ragheads at the Olympic in munich . who the fuck ever get a plane ? and this day ? shit . this guy do not know that ? miller hoty shit pappas tatk about go from bad to worse . | mean why not ask for a nuclear weapon ? milter pick up the phone . mitchell whoa . what be you do there , Andy ? miller he want a plane . |' I !l give he a plane . mitchell what about the plan ? it 's grind along what happen to play it by the book ? meller that 's what 's bugging I . like maybe the other team read the book , too . and we be do exactly what they expect we to do . mitchell why ? miller this whole time |'m try to stall ! they , right ? no . he 's the one stalling . take that bullshit question . what if we have not know that Grand Central Station be the post office ? he still could have pretend | get it right . or if we would get that but miss the cotton thing ? same thing . mitchell maybe . miller and that albino thing ? he have we chase we dick for two hour while we be suppose to be get he a plane ? no . mitchell you be say he - — _ ick here & upgrade} expanded feature | pdf unlimite page 75 . complete miller ! be say he want to give we more time he 's do everything we expect . he make demand , give deadline . then we stall , and he give we more time . easy , right ? he have not kill anyone . have not shot at we . he have not get desperate . | do not think he 's in a rush . mitchell but why ? miller gimme a minute . ok ? I be work on it . I be gonna tefl he | have to come in and see the hostage before he get anything . he 's gonna say no way . but in the end he will tet I in . int . bank - 2:42 pm datton pick up the phone . dalton what ? miller ( 0.s. ) you plane 's ready dalton ( a beat ) be that a fact ? int . mcc ~ same miller but | need something from you first . | need to come in there and make sure that the hostage be all ok dalton ( 0.s. ) sound |ike a ptan . come on in . we hear dalton hang up . milfer look startle . miller what just happen ? ext . to int . bank ~ 3:00 am we be behind Miller at the close door of the bank , it open and we follow he inside . a voice call out . click here & upgrade ! expanded feature | pdf unlimite page 76 . complete steve-o ( 0.s. ) stop. mitler stand still . from behind , Steve -o step to milier with a m - 16 in he right hand , frisk Miller with the leave . once finish , Steve -o push Miller forward slightly , and motion towards the rear of the bank . steve-o ( cont 'd ) go. milter walk towards the rear , past some cubicle . once he pass , dalton step into the frame behind he . dalton down the stair . mitter stop at the stair , take a deep breath and descend ' int . bank downstair to MAIN floor - continuous - 3:02 am datton follow Miller down the hall . we foilow behind they . mitler approach a open door . dalton take a quick look in there mitler stop and look into the room . he react with some surprise , but stop himself . dalton push he forward . dalton pass the open door and we see into the room . five row of five people , in white outfit , on the floor like Muslims in prayer , head down , back to we , silent . Miller and dalton continue down the hal !. miler pause in front of another open door and look in while dalton wait . miller be there any other ? dalton there might be one or two who do not work or play well with other . miller | have to see they . dalton sorry , tour 's over . miller nothing happen till | see they . nothing . dalton Fine . gum ? click here & upgrade| expanded feature pde untimite page 77 . complete '' | miller what ? dalton open gum for himself and offer milter a stick . dalton would you like some gum ? miller no . thanks . dalton lead milier to another door , which he unlock with a key and open . mitler took in and see two man and two woman in white suit , but they face be not cover . they mouth be gag . the man be Peter hammond and Steve . the woman be stevie and someone we do not recognize . as soon as they see Miller , they begin to scream through they gag . miller ( cont ’d ) it 's ok . we aly have you ail out of here soon . | promise . datton be close the door as Miller be speak dalton ok ? Tour 's over . datton motion milter upstairs , and follow he up miller now , why do not we talk . dalton nothing to talk about . you need to ... miller oh , | think there be . Miller reach the main floor , and stop . miller ( cont 'd ) what be you plan on do if | actually get you a plane and pitot ? datton reach the main floor , and stop . dalton Excuse I ? miller you do not want a plane . you never do . who ever hear of bank robber get a plane and escape with fifty hostage ? ( more ) ee click here & vesrade ] = expanded feature pdf uniimite pages. 78 . _ gomplete miller ( cont 'd ) you see Dog Day afternoon . '' attica ! attica ! attica ! '' dalton smirk . dalton go on . miller you be stalling I . why ? you have a hard time get into the safe ? dalton perhaps . miller there 's two way out of this , y'know . you give up , or the hard boy cut the power , hit you with the tear gas , and come in strong through the glass . | assume you know that . they would prefer to do it at night . you bring gas mask , night vision ? dalton maybe . miller I be this close to order it dalton the het ! you be . miller | beg you pardon ? dalton let 's cut the crap . first , ok , no plane . Big deal . second , you do not order a assault when no hostage have be kill and there 's no immediate threat . third , if it end that way , whatever happen you do not get to be the hero . so you wanna bullshit I , try harder . miller my ass be cover , sport . but | would not get too comfortable here if | be you . dalton no ? cable guy 's come on Wednesday . miller why do not you just walk out that door ? . ~ stick here & upgrade i expanded feature | | pdf untimite page 9 . ( complete dalton oh , { will . when f’m good and ready . miller can | get you to do that today ? daiton tilt he head forward and to the leave , eye fix on milter . this gesture tell Miller that 's not likely . miller ( cont ’d ) do not think so . dalton any other proposal ? miller please . do not say '' proposal '' . dalton sorry ? miller nothing dalton no . what be you say ? miller my girlfriend want a proposal dalton so what 's the problem ? you think you be too young to get marry ? miller too poor . maybe | should rob a bank . dalton you love each other ? miller yeah . dalton then money should not really matter . miller thanks , bank robber . dalton I be just say money can not buy love . milter put he palm to he chest and speak sarcastically . liek here & upgrade expanded feature . pdf unlimite page ! 80 :_ complete : miller thank you . I have learn so much . why do not we forget about this '' dangerous hostage situation '' and go get a drink dalton thanks , but |'m try to stay away from bar , if you know what | mean . milter start to walk towards dalton . miller well , if you change you mind ... it 's a stand offer . Miller go to shake daiton 's hand . dalton put he hand out . Miller kick he in the groin and punch he in the face as he double over . daiton swing around , away from Miller milter take dalton down to the ground in a headlock , from behind , and struggle to remove he mask and see he face . ecu on they face . dalton resist and cover he face . miller ( cont ‘d ) listen to I , scumbag . we can crack wise all 's day long , but when it 's over , you just remember that |’m the law and you be a fuck number . it 's either a celiblock or a grave . prison white or a toe tag make up you mind . tick tock tick - the tip of Steve 's m - 16 come to rest on miltler 's cheek . steve you do ? Miller retease dalton , and the two man stand up . miller yeah . done . dalton straighten himself up . dalton bus , kojak . park outside before four o'clock . or else | crank up the meat grinder . you think I be bluff ? you rotl the dice and see what happen . ext . bank entrance — 3:05 am mitier exit the bank and gesture to mitchel ! a hide thumb up and a smug grin . he approach mitchel . '' Shek hore & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 81 . complete miller I have get he right where | want he . mitchell where 's that ? miller right behind I with my pants around my ankle . but it 's a start . int . bank - MAIN floor - 3:05 am steve he get the drop on you . dalton he 's smarter than you average bear . stilt , he will not get another chance . various shot — no audio — music ~ 3:10 am garbage be be collect . the fish market be open we hear dalton 's narration continue : dalton ( v.0 . ) | be not depend upon the potice to be moron . that would have be naive . but | expect to be able to move faster than they could think . if they start to catch on , |'d have to make sure they could not catch up . int . bank - basement - 3:15 am the crew have a heat discussion in a room downstairs . dalton it 's not a problem . steve - o fuck that . he 's onto you . stevie | hear every word , Steven . he know something 's up . if you do not put some fear into this guy . ( a beat ) ! do not know . Bank exterior , empty street , flood with artificial light . we hear daiton 's narration continue . '' click here & upgrade expanded feature / pdf unlimite page ° 82 . dalton ( v.0 . ) aside from a few bruise here and there , | do not want anyone to get hurt . the theory be that the more strength you project , the more willingness you exhibit to resort to violence ... pappas relax in the mcc . dalton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) wthe less resistance you 'l ! encounter , and thus , the smaller the chance of actual violence ensue . the close door of the bank basement supply room , beyond which we hear the noise of man at work . dalton ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) and it always help to be unpredictable . the Washington Street meat market be get start . ext . STREET — 3:40 am ( handheld ) Miller and mitchel ! lean against a squad car eat sandwich . coke sit on the hood . we see the bank entrance behind they , across the street . a radio play Bob marley 's '' no woman , no Cry . '' mitchell ballsy play , | gotta tell you miller not really . you push a little . you drag out a deadtine by a few minute . you get away with it , you push a little more the next time . eventually you be in charge . mitchell sound like a plan . hope it work . miller | give he a excuse to blow my brain out in there . he do not bite . he 's not the type . step back for a minute , Mitch . we know they plan al ! this . the tape , the camera , the costume . there 's a game plan here . and it never include plane . he 's up to something . it 's not viotence . they pause for a beat to eat and fisten to the music . Music : no woman , no cry . no woman , no cry . ' click here & uparade expanded feature : pdf unlimite page 83 . complete miller ( cont 'd ) what 's he try to say ? ~ mitchell I be not sure yet . miller no. | mean Bob Mar ley . mitchell no woman , no cry . miller but what do he mean ? be he tell this woman that she should not cry ? mitchell | think he 's say that if you have get no woman , you have get nothing . | think . pagliani , 45 , male , [ italian - american cop answer he . paglian ] ( 0.s. ) he 's say that atl woman cry . that there 's no woman that do not cry . you guy be detective ? they contemplate this , like they have just learn something . miller ( to mitchell ) what do it mean when a jamaican call somebody a '' btood clot '' ? mitchell means they do not like you and you should probably leave they alone . as pagtiani speak , we see the bank entrance open . Mitchell see it and give Miller a quick shove . mitchell showt ime . Miller turn and see the door open . they drop they food and run to the bank . we follow they ( handheld ) , catch a shaky view of the door . Three outfitted form exit slowly . miller what the hell ? the outfitted form stop in front of the bank . the one in the center have a white cotton sack over he head , down to he be glick here & upgrade | expanded feature i> por unlimite page complete chest . we be across the street from they behind Miller and mitchel !. the rear man pull out a .357 revolver and point it two foot from the head of the man in the middle . miller ( cont 'd ) no ! bam ! the gunman fire he weapon into the back of the head of the man in the middle . the front of the sack be stain red , he knee give out and he collapse to the floor . miller ( cont ‘d ) oh fuck ! fuck ! the two remain man quickly pick up the dead hostage and carry he back into the bank , Miller grab he forehead and massage it in frustration . - miller ( cont ’d ) why ?! man ! why the fuck would they do that ? it do not make any sense ! we pull back as milter took into the sky . §nt . bedroom of captain capellini - 3:45 am darkness . the phone ring . capellini wake up and answer it . capellini yeah . ah shit . yeah . thanks . he hang up , turn a light on and get out of bed int . mcc and int . bank — continuous - 3:50 am Miller and dalton be speak on the telephone . mitler be very upset at the turn of event . dalton be naturally calm . miller what do you just do ? why in the world do you do that ? dalton we have a deat . you fail to deliver and | kitle a hostage . as } promise . meller be you kid I ? be you out of you mind ? you do not do that ! you call I first ! what be you try to do ? 84 . click here & upgrade | expanded feature | pdf unlimite page 85 . complete pappas and Mitchell motion urgently for milier to regain he composure and caim the conversation down . dalton ( 0.s. ) ~ you tisten to I ! | tell you how thing go ! I have get fifty more people in here . | can throw a body out every hour , for two of the tongest day of you life . miller ( take a deep breath ) atl right . all right . | apologize . ok ? let 's just try to calm down . dalton do not tell I to calm down ! I be give you two hour to get I two bus , fuck I again and you get another corpse . | get a whole hear of cattle in here . do what | say and they '!! walk out . fuck I and you get hamburger . miller hey , c'mon . | wanna work with you . but you just make my job a jot harder . dalton you bet | have . you job be to fuck I around for as long as you can , until i '' ready to give up . but now you job be get in the way of my pian . miller my job be to make sure that everyone in that bank get out alive . hopefully , that inctude you and you gang , too . dalton so we can spend the thirty year in jail . no. 5:45 . two bus . no bultshit . miller | do not understand . dalton when it 's over , you will . dalton hang up . miller oh fuck this . click here & upgrade ¢g expanded feature pdf unlimite page 86 . complete mitler slam down the phone , exit the mcc and run to the door of the bank . he bang on the door until dalton approach . miller ( cont 's D ) what be you do ? they face each other through the lock glass door . dalton you mean beyond the obvious ? miller that 's exactly what | mean . this be not no bank robbery . dalton take out a pack of chew gum . he take one . dalton why do you say that ? gum ? dalton offer a stick of gum through the door frame . miller because you be too damn smart for that . that 's why . you get every inch of this thing mapped out and everybody around you march to the beat , include I . and I be through buy into it . and no | do not want you fuck gum ! Miller swipe the gum down dalton you know , you be too smart to be a cop , miller yeah , well we al ! make we choice in life . do not we ? dalton that we do . sometimes we do thing we regret , and we have to live with it . miller I do not regret it . dalton | be not think of you . miller no ? who be you think of ? ' click here & upgrade | expanded feature | | pdf unlimite page 87 . |__complete dalton we be all the sum of the choice we make . and sometimes we choose the easy path , and do thing we regret . and when you make a wrong choice , and do the wrong thing , you be stick with it forever . miller who do the wrong you be here to right ? ~ dalton oh , I be not here to set anything right . I be here to get rich . miller ( get impatient ) bullshit . what be it ? who 's the bad guy ? dalton wet ! , 1 be just speak hypothetically here , but if you do something truly immoral , that you know be wrong , well then , you be stick with that thing for the rest of you life . and no matter how many year you spend try to make 's - amend , do good deed , it do not erase the evil . you know what | mean ? miller sure . you do something wrong you gotta pay the price . you gotta face justice . why do not you tell I who they be and what they do , so | can make that happen . dalton that 's not what I be say . I be say that a evil deed be it 's own punishment . you do not need to catch the guy and lock he up . he 's get a blemish on he soul and he 's have to live with that he entire life . in or out of jail - that 's just housekeep . in the end , we be the sum of the thing we do . miller that 's reaily profound . by the way , have we meet ? I be detective Andrew Miller . nypd . I be a cop . | spend my fife hunt down people who do wrong and put they away so they can not keep do it . and to discourage other do it . | wish we could ail live in this bullshit fantasy land of yours , but I have see too much of ( more ) — click here & upgrade | i expanded feature I pdf unlimite page : 88 . complete _ miller ( cont 'd ) the fuck up shit that people do . so unless you wanna give I some specifics , I be gonna have to disagree with you . dalton you girtfriend say that the watergate burglar shot JFK . go after they . miller very funny . come on . give I a clue at feast . you know , hansel and grete !? leave I a trail of breadcrumb . a beat . dalton so if there 's nothing else ... miller oh , . but there be , smart guy . a bunch of armed man outside . bul let - proof vest , automatic weapon , concussion grenade . you gotta convince I that this peopte in here be not gonna get blow up . dalton back away . his expression say '' we be do here . '' miller ( cont ’d ) ( louder ) Christ . you watch fuck tv . do not pbs have a news show ? think ! mitler turn toward we and see something disappoint . miller ( cont 'd ) oh , now what ? CUT to : int . capellini 's car - parked - 4:15 am capeltini be hastily dress and still half asteep . capellini sorry , Miller . | do what | could for you , but if you have to go down on this one , | can not go with you . miller meaning what ? capellin | meaning pappas have to handle it now . glick here & upgrade j expanded feature . pdf unlimite page , 8g complete __ ' miller be that a tactical decision , or a political ! one ? capellin } what 's the difference ? miller Captain , please . not now . I be finaliy onto this guy . and not like this . they ali think I be a thief . if | go down ~ now ... you be the one guy who trust I . capellini make a face that say '' well , not exactly . '' capellint listen , milter . you be a good cop . | need more guy like you . | know how hard it be , all this cash al ! over the place . miller what ? you think | take it ? capellini hey , a little drug money falis of the table once in a while and a few cop get to put they kid through college , maybe take a vacation . | be not get a problem with that . Long as they do not get catch , they might even make Captain one day . Eye contact . Miller get this not so subtle admission . miller sooner than you know . but | do not do it . capellini not say you do . the money ' I ! turn up . but now | gotta hand this over to pappas . int . mcc — 4:25 am capellini , pappas , mitchett , hernandez and other be discuss how to respond . Miller be sitent . pappas [ t 's a tactical nightmare . capellini | know . glick here & upgrade expanded feature unlimite pages. 90 pappas lemme tel} ! you why . first , we gotta get in . there 's one door , and if they be wait , they will pick we off like fuckin’ soda can . then we gotta get all the way across the floor to the stair . then we gotta get down the stair . if they be wait at the bottom of the stair they 's !! pick we off like soda can . if we make it that far , we stil ! can not Tel ! the cowboy from the injun until they shoot at we . even if the place be not rig with explosive , it 's a bloodbath . capelline so what be we option ? pappas qur best hope be to separate they from - the hostage . if we can get two or three upstairs and take they out ... capellini kill ‘em ? pappas welt , if it 's three we can open fire , and hope that it just lteave one downstairs and we can take he on or talk he out but if we only get two upstairs , and we still have to take on two downstairs , then I would rather preserve the surprise . mitchell what if there 's more than four of they ? pappas that 's what 's so nut about it . anybody in a white suit could be a perp . a beat . hernandez maybe we should dress we guy up like a bunch of painter . everyone look up , realize that hernandez just come up with the plan . pappas raise he eyebrow , inhale through he nose , hold it , and exhales . now he have to carry it out . fade into : click here & upgrade expanded feature * pdf unlimite page of T. complete int . interrogation room interview 5 : Miriam miriam the door open and everyone else be already in the hail . there be smoke and explosion . people be yell , '' get out of here , '' and run and push to get to the stair . mitchell what do you do ? miriam | be knock down , but someone pick I up and help I get up the stair . miller do you know who that someone be ? miriam no , but | want to thank they . mitchell ( to Miller ) | do not think she ' ! 1 get that chance int . mcc - 4:45 am pappas , hernandez and nine other member of the swat team be crowded around a tabie look at a diagram of the bank . hernandez we be try to come up with outfit like theirs , but if they do not show up in time , we will swap into theirs when we take they down . that limit we to three , max , plus the one we take off of the employee . either way , rickey and Washington be on the east side corner . Jesus and Mark on the west , close as you can get , but do not push it . soon as they come out you alt fire rubber bullet . head shot , let 's put they light out . first go for the gunman in the rear , then the front guy . if it 's @ new setup this time , take ‘em all down , | '1 . ) apologize to the taxpayer . if we miss , go right to sharpshooter Chuck , arty , ty , poreario , you 't ! get maybe two second to know that it 's you turn , do not wait for my cal} , just go . anyone that look bad that be not tay ( more ) '' shick hore & upgrade ! expanded feature pdf unlimite page 92 . complete hernandez ( cont 'd ) on the fioor after round one , you take it down . go for the teg . then we all run for the door . get they al ! down and out of that outfit . whatever happen , no one get back inside . chuck what if there 's already someone inside , behind the door , who do not come out ? hernandez yeah , that 's what 's really worry I . then we have no choice . we hit ‘em with the concussion grenade and everyone pile in . anyone see a bad guy behind the door , speak up . then I '1l call it . jesus so , it 's a Kansas City squeeze , with a reverse ice cream party . just say so . some nervous |aughter . hernandez listen up . int . mcc ~ 4:59 am Miller and mitchel ! be watch monitor show var ious view of the bank entrance and |!isten to radio traffic of pappas 's crew . the digital clock pass 5:00:00 am . other officer be also monitoring they station . miller forty -five minute . a beat . mitchell man , this suck . another beat . they whisper the rest . mitchell ( cont 'd ) if this go down wrong , they '' | dump this whole mess in you tap , y'know , miller I be make first grade . mitchell what ? click here & upgrade expanded feature DF untimite page 93 . plete miller thing be not all that they appear . mitchell what the fuck do that mean ? Miller turn and try to shake mitchei ! 's hand miller detective first grade Andrew Miller . mitchell be you fuck kid I ? miller thank the Mayor and we mystery guest . mitchell you sell out ? miller what choice do | have ? never make first grade ? worked too hard to let that happen Mitchell accept this and shake Miller 's outstretch hand . mitchell what a day . int . diner — 5:10 pm capellini exit the bathroom . he 's still try to wake up . he head behind the counter to the coffee-maker . no carafe . capellini oh , come on . where the fuck - White be seat in a booth . she 's get the pot of coffee . white sorry . I have get it . capellini oh. white have a seat , Captain . |° !! buy you a cup . ext . STREET - 5:15 am swat officer in various position aim gun at the bank oa " glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 94 , complete | int . mcc — 5:45 am Miller and Mitchell sit sitentty . the digital clock pass 5:45:00 a.m . a few beat pass , and nothing happen . miller | need some air . Miller stand and exit . ext . STREET outside mcc - continuous milter find cottin watch the bank , alone . miller so . telt I about that fourteen - year- old who point a gun at you . collin now ? miller yeah . please . collin last year up in the three - three . !' m break up a fight about a block from the high school . this jungle bunny 's get he clock clean by two p.r. an . miller do I a favor and tone down the color commentary . ok , sergeant ? collin so ! break it up . turn around and this kid 's point a . 22 at my chest . miller Holy shit . which kid be it ? collin another kid . Hispanic . qut of nowhere . miller what do you do then ? collin qwith attitude ) what do | do then ? I 't I Tel ! you what | do then . | get shot in the fuck chest . that 's what | do then . ~ ~ '' glick here & upgrade | expanded feature | pdf unlimite page | 95 . . complete ! latent not not mueller what ? ~ collin yeah . so you a!t pardon my racial bias , detective , but I would rather end up a old bigot than a handsome young corpse . miller | guess you earn that . get hurt bad ? collin | have my vest on . crack a rib . miller we get the kid ? collin yeah . Little moron have to go brag to he friend . he 's out in two year . miller then what ? collin you mean be | gonna go look for he ? | think about it . | think | wanna !ook he in the eye first . miller maybe you 'l ! set he straight . take he to bal ! game , collin who the fuck be you , Gandhi ? no disrespect , sir , but I be just try to keep they away from we . if it be up to I , giuliani would be Mayor for tife . you need to do more , that 's you business . let 's just get that peopte out of that bank . miller amen . collin and |'tl try to watch what | say . you never know who 's listen . a beat , while this last comment start Miller think . click here & upgrade expanded feature | pdf unlimite page | 96 . complete miller ( disbelief ) no. Mitch ! milter run into the mcc miller ( cont 'd ) Mitch ! he know we be bugging he . mitchell yeah . we know that . miller if he 's that smart ... milter grab the desk drawer , sit on a table in the mcc , and quickly inspect it . then try to rip it apart . it 's metal , and only bend slightly . then he bang it on the floor several time until it begin to come apart . as he speak , he rip it apart , expose a false bottom a inch above the real bottom . Inside , it 's rig with electronics and a nine-volt battery , Miller pull the battery away . miller ( cont 'd ) shit ! shit ! you fuck ... he bugge we ! he fuck bugge we ! everyone have a '' holy shit '' take on he face . int . bank - continuous stevie have hear all of this in she earpiece . we hear Miller yell through she earpiece . she bite she lip . stevie shit. ( shout ing ) Steven ! ext . STREET - 5:55 am several ! view of the bank entrance , include live , gun - sight , and video monitor . switch to a live street - level viow of the entire bank facade . the interior go black . miller ( on walkie - talkie ) pappas ! do not make a move ! pappas ( on walkie - talkie ) wrat ? meller ( on walkie - talkie ) it 's atl fuck up ! keep you man back ! glick here 8 upgrade expanded feature | pdf untimite page - 97. complete pappas what be you talk about ? miller ~ they hear everything we say in the mcc . pappas huh ? miller the drawer . the fuck drawer with the demand ! it have a goddamn transmitter in it . they hear every word in the van ! a series of minor flash from deep within the bank , which we see but just barely hear . then police radio traffic . hernandez ( 0.s . ) I have get some exptosion in there . pappas ( 0.s. ) yeah , |'m secing it . gunfire ? hernandez ( 0.s . ) *- do not sound like it . more like charge . everyone get ready for anything . the front door glass be shattered by a chair throw out onto the sidewalk . thick white smoke emerge . a figure in the white outfit stumbte out , foltow by another . a unknown swat fire a rubber bullet and hit one im the stomach . a second one be fire and hit the other in the back , the first one fall to he knee , while the second only stumble . more figure in white outfit emerge from the bank . pappas ( 0.s. ) cease fire ! cease fire ! more exit the bank . some be unmask . other remove they mask and mouthguard as they reach the street . voice on radio {shout ing ) what the fuck ? second voice on radio ( shouting ) somebody call it . pappas ( shouting into radio ) alright . move in . get ‘em away from the door and down to the ground a - sap and ( more ) click here & upgrade { expanded feature pdf unlimite page 98 . complete _ pappas ( cont 'd ) frisk ‘om . do not take any chance . we do not know who 's who . secure anyone who come out and then we go in . swat officer move into the scene , order peopic to the ground . many drop to the ground while several be confuse and must be force down . uniform officer join in . all be frisk and none be find to be carry weapon . int . mcc - 5:57 am Miller and mitchel ! watch the chaos on monitor miller come on . they all get up and run outside . ext . STREET to int . bank - continuous - 5:58 am pappas , Miller , and mitchel ! come on the scene . peopie have stop stream out of the bank and be al ! lie on the ground surround by police officer with gun draw . pappas hernandez ! hernandez be nearby with he m - 16 draw . hernandez right here ! pappas get you man and get in there a- sap . hernandez on it . ( louder , to he team ) everybody on the door right now ! the swat team assemble at the bank entrance , exchange a few word , and file into the bank . we follow they into a dark and smoke-fity scene fit only by they flashlight and the fioodiights from across the street . they fan out around the main floor and search for people . they find none . swat 1 clear ! swat 2 clear ! swat 3 clear over here ! = expanded feature ' pdf unlimite page 99 . complete swat 4 clear ! hernandez on the main stair ! hernandez and the other swat converge on the top of the stair . hernandez lead they down . ext . STREET - 5:59 am Miller , Mitchell , and pappas be approach the street and sidewalk where ail of the figure in white outfit be lie down , with uniform officer over they , gun draw . pappas be talk the hernandez on he radio hernandez ( 0.s. ) Main floor 's clear , nobody home . we be go downstairs . pappas Roger that . Miller be approach by berk and borova , 54 , a swarthy man in a cheap brown suit and a mustache . v berk detective . sir. this be ... miller ( angrily ) who the heil be this now ? berk Sir , this be Mr. ramiz borova . he 's the albanian consul ! Generai . miller what ? oh. Jesus . I be sorry . Excuse I . Miller watk away from they . then stop and turn back . miller ( cont 'd ) who 's enver hoexa ? borova he liberated my country from the Nazis miller where be he now ? borova buried in he mausoleum in tirana . : glick here & upgrade expanded feature : pdf unlimite page 100 . omplete miller that 's right . you can go now . ( to himself , with amazement ) ~ | be learn so much today . int . bank downstair - 6:00 am the swat team be in the haltway , carefully check each room . there be less smoke than there be upstairs . a swat pause to inspect a spend smoke bomb on the floor , still emit some smoke , he poke it with he m - 16 's barrel . each time they find no one , someone call out . swat 1 clear ! swat 2 clear ! the last door they reach be the supply room . swat 3 this be the last door . they open the door and peer in . it look the same as when we first see it . there 's no one in there . swat 4 clear ! hernandez ( into mike to pappas ) atl clear down here . pappas make sure you be sure . hernandez Ill keep look , but |] think they be up there with you . so be very careful . pappas yeah , Mom . I will . ( to mitler and mitchel ! ) all clear . let 's go have a take . miller what about the dead hostage ? pappas ( into mike to hernandez ) what about the stiff ? '' click here & uparade | expanded feature | unlimite page 101 hernandez ( 0.s. ) } negative '' pappas {into mike ) well , he be not here . so you musta miss something . hernandez ( 0.s. ) maybe , but | be pretty sure there 's no one move around down here but we . can you get the light back on ? pappas ( into mike ) yeah . come down . ( to mcc ) get the power back on . ( to Miller and mitchel ! ) c'mon . we gotta see this . {nt . bank — safe room - 6:05 am light on . Miller , mitchel ! and pappas enter the safe room and find hernandez , stare at something they can not see yet . hernandez maybe they forget to look in here ? a ton of money , neatly stack and band , on the shelf . mitchell if this be not weird enough already . miller ( to hernandez ) have you guy searched everywhere ? hernandez stitl look . no bad guy , no booby trap , no escape tunnel , no damage . mitchell and nothing miss . a beat , while they all contemptate this . miller great . we 'tly just put out a apb on David Fucking copperfield ! é click here & upgrade| expanded feature : , pdf unlimite page | 102 . complete : hernandez I be not tell you you business , detective , but unless they swim out through the toilet , whoever do this be upstairs suck pavement . a voice call out from another room . porcario ( 0.s. ) detective ! Miller and Mitchell exit , find Collins in the hallway . miller coltin . there 's a ton of money sit on the shelf in there . grab a uniform and do a quick count for I . then stand by and make sure nobody get tempt . collin yes , sir. milter grab Collins 's arm as they walk past each other . miller be subtie about it . Miller and mitchel ! enter a office . porcario be hold one of the Crew 's m - 16' , stand over two more m - 16' . porcar1o you be not gonna like this one at ail he toss the m - 16 to Miller , who react . he catch it , and realize that it be much lighter than it should be miller you have gotta be fuck kid I ! he hand it over to mitchel ! with one hand , by the end of the barrel , show we how light it be . miller ( cont 'd ) it 's fake . no gun . that 's just great . pappas enter carry the red-stain hood with tub inside , wear in the fake hostage kill . pappas you be gonna jove this . metchell look what we find . " glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page complete mitche ! | toss the fake m - 16 to pappas , who react as milter do before . he motion to the m - 16' on the floor pappas that , too ? miller yup . what 's that ? pappas well , we can stop iook for the dead body . they fake it . watch . pappas put the hood on and squeeze the ball at the bottom stain of the tube . the hood blow forward and '' blood '' mitchell | think they do not kil ! anyone . miller what be you talk about ? mitchell it do not make any sense . he keep talk about throw body out . then he go and kill a hostage , and they drag the body back in . it do not add up . pappas that 's why he use a revolver . a pistol would have eject a cartridge . we would have know it be a biank Miller 's cell phone ring . mitchell now we know why . miller we gotta find that gun . porcario , you find a bathroom down here ? porcar io across the hall , on the right . Miller exit . mitchel ! and pappas follow . Miller reach the bathroom door , stop , turn to they . miller do you guy mind ? 103 ' '' click here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page | 104 . complete mitchell oh , sorry . listen Andy , what about all the people in custody upstairs ? miller what else ? nobody go home ti!1 ! we hear everyone 's story . milter enter the bathroom . ~ ext . bank entrance — sunrise Shots of police move hostages onto a bus . the hostages be alt unmask , among they we clearly see stevie , Steve and Steve -o . dalton be not there . the hostages be dishevel , exhaust , but relieved . a few be cry . fade into : int . precinct interrogation room - unknown interview 2 : Seth . seth they be very well ! organize . ak mean they know exactly what they be do they never lose control . they scared the crap out of we from the first second , then they calm down and say that if we do what they tell we , we would all be fine . and you believe ‘em . know what | mean ? you know that if you fuck with they , that they have kill you , but if you do not , then they would not harm you . miller can you identify any of they for we ? seth | reatly wish | could . it be three guy and a girl . one guy do almost all of the talk . they be all pretty much average height and weight . the main guy seem tike he be ... sort of preppy , y'know ? | mean he have a big vocabulary . he do not talk like a criminal . mitchell could you pick he out from the photo ? seth no . unitess you wanna dress everyone up again and have ‘em yell at I . 4 ~ click here & upgrade g expanded feature pdf unlimite page ! 105 complete miller what about the other three ? seth | doubt it . interview 5 : Miriam miriam | be scared to death that | might be sexually abuse . you hear al ! kind of storey about this mischagoyim . milter be speechtess . interview 7 : Paul Paul laugh . mitchell this be not no joke . paul yeah , it be . you be just not in on it . mitchell time 's run out to cut a deal . c'mon. | watch nypd biue for , what , six year , until it get silly . you think | do not know what you be do ? you partner 's watch we from behind that . mirror , and in a minute he 's gonna walk in here and say , '' too late , Pablo , you boy give you up . '' CUT to : int , adjacent room - unknown View of same room from behind a one way mirror . Miller watch the interview . paul ( stowly , with emphasis ) it be not I . | be cash a check . int . capellini 's office - day mitler and Mitchell be seat at capeltini 's desk . click here & upgraae | = expanded feature pdf unlimite page * 106 . _._ complete i miller it 's a mess , Captain . | mean , they . think this one out , soup to nut . capellini so lay it out for I . miller ( deep breath ) we photograph everyone who come out of the bank . we question they and show they the photo . most of they could not point a finger at anyone . we ask they who they could recognize as not be one of the bad guy . just about anyone we consider a possible suspect , there be always two or three other who rule they out . | do not have a single suspect that | could begin to make a case against . and even if | do , what for ? they stil ! do not steal anything or hurt anyone . it 's like the whole thing never happen . capell ini stifl nothing miss ? miller the bank call everyone with a safe deposit box . a few never turn up . out of the one who do , one woman make a fuss about she mother 's antique jewelry be go . Mitchell tell she politely that he think she be full of shit and she change she mind . if anybody jost anything , they be not tell we . capellini what about print ? miller there 's print all over the place . so what ? all they show be that this people be there . not that they do anything . capellini alibis ? prior ? miller just about everybody . but even if they alibi ts weak , another hostage identify they as a good guy , so back to square one . there 's a employee with some juvey stuff . one customer have a out of state ( more ) , click here & upgrade ' expanded feature j pdf unlimite page _ 107 . complete miller ( cont 'd ) warrant for unpaid child support . another one have a coupte of prior , gta mostly again , same problem . plus he 's a idiot . capellini surveillance video ? meller usetess . and you know about the gun . they cover everything . almost . capelline sounded like everything to I . - miller we can not find the three - fifty -seven . capellini minor detail . even if you do there would be no print on it anyway . right ? capetlini lean back in he chair and stretch he arm upward and back . his face say he 's get nothing to say . capellin | ( cont 'd ) bury it . miller bury it ? capellini the fuck you expect I to say ? miller Captain , this thing stink to high hell . somebody do something here . capellini you say it yourse !f , you get no robbery and no suspect . nobody 's breathe down my neck to come up with answer , so I be not gonna breath down yours . bury it . miller | be not expect that . capellini | promise |' 1 ! come up with more crime for you guy to solve . mitchel ! and milter stand to leave . i ~ glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf untimite page 108 complete capellin { ( cont 'd ) here 's something you probably do expect . they find that miss cash . miller no shit . capellini yup . wanna know where it be ? miller be it in my bank account ? capellini no. miller my garage ? capellin no . Miller start to exit . mitchel ! follow . miller my suitcase ? capellini no . they be out the door . miller then , no . 4 do not . CUT to : int . interrogation room - morning mitchel ! and Miller sit at a table full of papers . we see a typewritten list with number run down the leave column . in a close up we see that the number 392 be miss from the sequence . next to it we see old , wear index card , numbered 390 , 391 , 393 and 394 . Miller flip through they and read a few item . mitchell every one of you accuser , man . ! say we go after ‘em atl , Michael corieone styte . miller ( disinterested ) sure . whatever . 4 click here & upgrade = expanded feature ; pdf untimite page 109 . _. complete mitchell '' michac ! corleone , do you renounce Satan ? ! renounce he . '' p-choo ! p-choo ! miller pinstripe mayonnaise lie mother fucker ! mitchell who ? miller who else ? thurston howell the 3rd . c'mon . ' not . office of arthur case - day case be meeting with two gentteman just like himself , fowler , 59 and gardner , 67 . milter and mitchel ! enter . miller Mr. case . case rise to greet they and shake they hand case detective milter . detective mitchel !. Nice to see you . please , sit . they sit in the empty seat on either side of case . case ( cont ' D ) can | of fer you gentleman anything ? meller no thanks mitchell . I be good . case this be detective Miller and Mitchell , who handie the situation at the bank last week . this be erskine gardner and Bill fowter . boy , when you hear the term '' New York 's finest , '' this be who they be talk about . fowler Nice to meet you . gardner a pleasure . click here & upgrade | expanded feature ! pdf unlimite page | 110 complete case you man keep the rest of we safe . and you make it !ook easy . miller well thank you very much , sir . case not at all . . miller know what the worst part of my job be ? case get shot at , | would imagine . miller Close . get stab in the back . the hardest part be know that no matter how many hour you put in , and how many year , no matter how much of you heart and soul you put into the job , you barely make a difference . and the only real respect you ever get out of it be from other cop , because they know it 's a thankless job . we cali ourselves the thin btue line between the honest people and the scum , but the truth be , the scum be everywhere . and the good folk , they only notice we when we fuck up . case | know . still , there must be a sense of satisfaction that come with know that you be fight the good fight , even if no one else know it . miller but when it hit you that you be really just protect a few very powerful white man from everyone else , that 's a shitty day . case I be sorry detective . you have fost I . miller you and you family own roughiy fourteen '' y g aly percent of Manhattan trust case approximately . click here & upgrade . expanded feature : pdf unlimite page | 41 . complete ; miller how many branch do the bank operate ? case | could not say for sure . miller 246 . you see , when first Federal deposit Corp . merge into Manhattan trust , they combine they 92 branch with mt 's 173 , they close a few they do not need . case of course . miller now , first Federal have only be around for about twenty year at that time . it be create when the New York loan Society be merge with Union guaranty . you remember the New York loan Society ? case yes | do . miller | think you might . you start it in 1948 . at 301 West 23rd Street case 's expression turn negative . miller ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastically , mockingly ) yeah . '' detective . '' they pay I to figure out stuff . not much , of course , but then there 's medical benefit and the pension . so , once you put together all the evidence , you rarely get the whole picture . so you look for something that stink . and two thing stink here .. case | should have tell you that . | apologize . miller apotogy do not interest I . motivation interest I , what stink here be this . | do not know what 's miss from that bank . but | have someone who clearly have something to hide . who show up and say , '' how can | help ? '' but do not bother to tell you that he build the building . complete | click here & upgrade | expanded feature | pdf unlimite page 112 . — — — mitchell you would have think he would mention that . Miller turn he attention to mitche !! , ignore case . they both miller Major oversight , would not you say ? mitchell so what 's it mean ? miller not sure , maybe he set this whole thing up . | just can not imagine why . mitchell maybe he 's nut . maybe it 's just some sick rich guy thing . you know , ( mock ing serious rich businessman 's voice ) '' | stashed al ! my price and bankrupt my competition . '' '' oh yeah ? wel ! , | rob my own bank , '' miller ( same voice ) '' | buy up every hospital on the East Coast . then | poison the water supply . '' augh . miller ( cont 'd ) seriously , Mitch . why would this guy wanna rob he own bank ? mitchell beat I . fucker 's richer than Oprah . case all right , gentleman . | think that 's about enough of this . miller actually , we say when it 's enough . so why do not you mention that to we ? case | suppose | just do not think that it be relevant at the time . miller be that so ? and in hindsight , do you think that it may have be retevant ? => click here & upgrade | = expanded feature | pdf unlimite paaee| 113 complete case no , frankly . | do not . miller ~ a hostage situation in a bank end with no violence , no suspect , no damage , and nothing miss . that 's pretty strange . and you know what it say to I ? that there 's something about that bank that someone 's not tell I . and you show up and forget to mention , '' oh , by the way , | build this bank fifty year ago . '' mitchell in law enforcement , we call that suspicious behavior . case detective . | try to help you , and ... - miller no , Mr. case . you try to fuck I ! case nraise he voice in anger ) now you be out of line , detective ! Miller stand up in a slightly threaten manner . everyone react with some trepidation , but no one move . he stand stil ! for a moment . mitchel ! stand . miller | do not know why yet , but you set it up . case ( laugh ) | do no such thing miller { do not think you know the gunman or any of the messy detail . but you make the whole thing happen . case nonsense . miller you have some kinda job you need do in there . | know nobody walk out of there with anything , but something happen . then you send in that fixer . click here & upgrade = expanded feature | pdf unlimite page : 174 , |_ complete vd case | assure you , detective , you be way of F the mark here . miller right . so maybe you can clear up the matter of safe deposit box 392 for I . ( a beat ) see , | go over all the bank 's safe deposit box record . at first giance it all seem fine . but it turn out there 's one box with no record at allt . and | mean go back all the way to ' 48 . so {'m think if anyone can answer that riddle , it woutd be the man who forget to mention he involvement back then . case |'m afraid | can not think of anything that would be of any help to you , detective . Miller lean in towards case and lower he voice . miller you be very lucky nobody get kily milter and mitchel ! begin to exit . miller ( cont ’d ) ( sincerely ) by the way . what you say about we be New York 's finest . want you to know | appreciate that . fade to black int . courthouse hallway - day Miller exit the office of judge pasqua . miller thanks again you honor . |’ 1 ! come pick it up tomorrow . the office door close . Miller approach the elevator and press the down button . madeleine White sit on a bench white what be you do , detective mi! ler ? miller my job . Jesus Christ . stay out of my way . - click hero & upgrade : expanded feature pdf unlimite page | 115 compiete i white all of a sudden you job 's more important than you career ? or have you forget we arrangement ? White approach Miller . white ( cont ’d ) let I tell you how this work . you ... miiler take the pen -size digital recorder from he pocket . miller no , let I tell you how this work . Press here to record . ( fumble ) and here to play . he press play , and we hear they first conversation miller ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) wetl then , perhaps you should just Tel the Mayor to raise my pay grade to the right level . Problem solve . white ( v.o. ) well , detective , we can discuss that miller ( v.o0 . ) | do not mean it . I be up for first grade in a year or two . you wanna speed that along , t will not talk you out of it . white ( v.o . ) there 's also the matter of this hundred and forty thousand dollar that seem to have walk away from you madrugada check cash bust . the Mayor and | would like to be in you corner on that . miller {( v.0 . ) in exchange for which you ' !| need I to do something unethical , | assume . guy , | do not take anyone 's hundred and forty G 's . now | do not care whether or not anyone here believe I . | know it 's true . and that 's good enough for I . mayor ( v.o. ) I be sorry detective , but it 's not as simple as all that . a glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf unlimite page 116 . _ complete miller ( v.o. ) then boil it down for I . mayor {v.o. ) give Ms. White whatever she need , or you career 's over . Miller shut off the recorder and put it in he pocket . miller so go get crack on my promotion , and I " ) call you when | need you . ti} then , stay the fuck out of my sight . fade out . int . police station - morning Miller exit capellini 's office . this be the end of they exchange from the beginning of the film , but the Pov be from the squadroom , outside of capellini 's office capellini whoa ! do not get all fuck deep on I just go out there and fight crime . miller look out , bad guy . here | come capellini and do not come back until the street be safe again miller ( laugh ) why be that so god damned funny ? int . bank ~ day worker be put finish touch on the bank interior . employee and customer inside the bank be go about they business as before . we hear a wash of ordinary noise , not focus on anything in particular . ext . STREET - day from inside a car , we see Miller and Mitchell enter the bank . fade into : int . university club — day White approach a table , case sit alone , read he paper click here & upgrade | cxpand feature pdf unlimite page | i. j white Arthur . good afternoon . case ah , Ms. White . have a seat . he motion White to sit . he foid he paper . White sit . white thank you . please , cal ! I madeieine . case detective Miller come by to see I a couple of day ago . white what do he have to say ? case quite a lot . he 's get it in he mind that | plotted to rob my own bank . white the think have occur to I . case it 's ridiculous . white | know . for one thing , you would not have need I . and even if you do , you would not have cail I at the last minute . plus , the man | meet there be not work for anyone , least of al ! you . case he do manage to puzzle out that | hire you , although | do not acknowledge it . white he turn out to be quite sharp . but he and | come to a meeting of the mind . case | hope so . ( a beat ) so ... white so. | have a tong talk with a man who seem to know a jot about you . click here & upgrade = expanded feature pdf unlimite page | 118 . complete _ — case what do he have to say about I ? ~ white in a nutshell , that you get rich do business with the Nazis during the holocaust . he show I a envelope which he say could be very harmful to you . int . bank — MAIN floor - day Miller and mitchel ! be speak with Peter hammond . miller I have get a court order here to open one of you safe deposit box . number 392 . hammond all right . shati we ? miller thank you . milter start to watk away . he bump into a male customer who we see only from the rear , wear a basebal ! cap , jeans , and a tightweight red zip - up adida slicker , with a knapsack on one shoulder , carry the travel bag on the other arm miller ( cont 'd ) Excuse I the man keep walk and Miller never see he face . man I be sorry . in the background we see the man continue toward the exit . int . university club - day case tell I about the envelope . white he keep it . but he 's not go to do anything with it . it 's insurance . | do not know where he or it be , but | tell he if he make it out of the bank with it , we would pay handsomely for it . case do he ? get out of the bank with it ? click here & upgrade expanded feature | pdf unlimite page | 119 . complete : white that 's the big question . be not it ? the police do not have any suspect , and I be sure that detective milter would have show you the envelope if he would have it . int . safe deposit BOX room - day Miller and mitchel ! watch as box 392 be drilt open . int . university club - day case but you and he have a understanding ? white | believe so . somehow , he make it out of there with you envelope , and he seem happy to just hang onto it . if he try to blackmail ! you one day , we will pay he and you will have it back . ( a beat ) so | guess that 's it . case | suppose so white bullshit case | beg you pardon ? white he do not go through all that just to stick you envelope under he mattress . they teft the vault untouched , Arthur . case so ? white so he have to have walk out of that bank with more than that . and since there 's nothing etse miss from the bank , there have to be something else in that box worth more than you envelope . ( a beat ) you do not have to Tel ! I . there 's only one thing it could be , anyway . CUT to : click here & uporade | = expanded feature | pdf unlimite page 's 120 . complete int . dalton 's cell - unknown a cell phone in a man 's hand . it read " 8:59:50 am , tue , 05/18/02 " . several second elapse on the display . jt light up to signai a catt . dalton answer but say nothing . we hear a repeat of he narration from the beginning dalton ( v.0 . ) my name be dalton russei ! , pay strict attention to what | say , because | choose my word carefully , and | never repeat myself he be tear item off of he wail , and collect item from around he and place they in a garbage bag dalton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) !’ve tell you my name . that 's the ' who 's . the ' where 's would most readily be describe as a prison cell . but there 's a vast difference between be stick in a tiny cel ! and be in prison , and | be not in prison . the ' what 's be easy . we catch glimpsis of the opposite wall , to the fteft of he , where the rest of he cel ! , or the bar , would have be . it be construct of the same chrome shelving material that be dismantle in the supply room , with plaster behind it , give evidence of a hastily construct facade . dalton ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) recently , | plan , and set in motion event to execute , the perfect bank robbery , that 's also the ' when 's . as for the ' why 's , beyond the obvious financial motivation , it 's exceedingly simple : he remove he drawstring pants and put they in the bag . dalton ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) because | can . which leave we only with the ' how 's . and therein , as the bard would tell we , tie the rub . datton fold up a deflate air mattress and a bed sheet . int . bank basement supply room - day flashback : dalton , stevie , and Steve view the supply room . dalton beautiful . . click here & upgrade : expanded feature ; pdf unlimite page : 121 . complete _ } flashback : dalton instruct Steve in the supply room . dalton ( cont 's D ) it 's all gotta take the same when we put it back , so be very careful . flashback : rear wal ! of the supply room , shelving remove . scene of Steve construct a faise wal ! from dismanty metal shelving and tile they bring in the box . we see Steve and dalton stand over a crude floor leve ! coverable toifet that Steve have construct from the hote in the ground . Steve be instruct dalton on its use steve just unhinge it , do you business , pour some water down , then cover it up . easy . dalton what a shit hole . you rock . scene of dalton and he accomplice building a secret room in the rear of the supply room . flashback : datton be remove the old envelope from the safe deposit box . this time the shot continue , to reveal a large humber of black velvet drawstring pouch underneath . int . university club - day white diamond . case of course . int , bank basement - safe deposit BOX vault - day door 392 be drifle open . the box be remove . hammond open the lid to reveal two dozen chew gum wrapper miller voice over '' you know , hansel and gretel ? leave I a trail of bread crumb . '' Miller smile . miller Son of a bitch . glick here & upgrade | expanded feature : unlimite page | 122 . int . dalton be cell - unknown dalton open one of many Black velvet bag to reveal a wealth of diamond . he close up the pouch , and drop it ina knapsack with 20 other similar velvet pouch . int . university club - day case | be young and ambitious . | see a short path to success and | take it . ( a beat ) | sell my soul . I have be try to buy it back for the tast fifty year . White stand . case ( cont 'd ) how do he find out ? white | have no idea . but whoever he be , he sure do he homework . case can | trust that you will ! keep what you have tearn here in confidence ? despite whatever you may think ... white ( interrupt ) yes . Arthur , I would love to teil you what a monster you be , but |’ve get to be back in the city by three to help Bin Laden 's nephew buy a co - op on Park Avenue . case force a chuckle . White 's expression be serious . case if that be true , you would not tell I . white we be list you as a reference . fade to black dalton ( v.0 . ) when | say that | plan the perfect bank robbery , | mean precisely that . the perfect bank robbery . flashbacks : the Crew build a fatse rear wal ! in the supply room . we see they seal dalton behind it . we flicker between glick here & upgrade 3 expanded feature pdf unlimite page 123 . complete before and after shot of the supply room . it fook exactiy the same , but three foot short in the after shot . CUT to : ext . STREET - day bullet shot of van togo : '' perfect painter - we — never - leave - untit - the - job - ts — done . '' int . car - day we see the bank from inside a car park across the street and down the block . steve ( 0.s. ) I will bet he smell bike shit . stevie ( 0.s . ) yeah . Roll down the window int . dalton 's cell - unknown dalton check he .357 revolver , slide it into the waistband of he jeans , drape he T-shirt over it , and zip up he red adida slicker ext . to int . bank - continuous - day steadicam enter the bank . peopte go about they business . we pass through the bank towards the stair , float smoothiy down the stair and we round the corner unti ! we approach the close door to the supply room . we pass through the door and see the supply room interior , very dark . we float towards the floor - level shelf in the rear . the wall behind it be obscure by box , but some of the yel low - paint cinderblock walt , identical to the wall of dalton 's cell , be visible . as we get close to the box in front of the wall , we stop . dalton ( v.0 . } so , what go wrong ? a section of the rear wail , 2.5 foot by 2.5 foot be pufle back into the interior of dalton 's cell . datton 's face peer out , as well as he hand , hold a smat ! meta ! flashlight . dalton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) nothing . he push the box off the shelf onto the fioor . his head recede . a dark knapsack and travel bag be toss out . dalton reappear , push they forward , then slide out through the hole . he replace the miss wail section and glick here & upgrade expanded feature pdf untimite page 124 , complete secure it in place with a smal ] tube of superglue . he replace the box which he have push aside . int . bank basement hallway - day now we be glide down the basement hall , towards the stair . we hear Steve 's voice in dalton 's earpiece . steve ( 0.s. } hang on , man . int . car - day ~ from the car , we see Miller and Mitchell enter the bank . we see Steve , Steve -0 , stevie , and chaim , sit in the car steve ( into phone ) oh shit ! that cop , milter , and he partner be walk into the bank . dalton ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) they come for I ? steve can not say . it 's just the two of they . they take relaxed . int , bank — MAIN floor - day mitter and mitchel ! be speak with Peter hammond . this be the same scene but from a different angle , so we see dalton . miller I have get a court order here to open one of you safe deposit box . number 392 . hammond all right . shatl we ? miller thank you , Miller start to walk away . he bump into daiton , wear sunglass , a knick basebal| cap , jeans , sneaker , and a light zip - up nike slicker , with the knapsack on one shoutder carry the travel bag on the other arm . miller ( cont ’d ) Excuse I . dalton keep walk and mifler never see he face . a ~ glick here & upgrade = expanded feature pdf unlimite page 125 . complete ! dalton I be sorry . daiton continue towards the exit . white ( v.0 . ) you be not go to tell I how you pian to get out . be you ? he reach the door , open ft , hold it open while a middle - age woman walk in , then exit onto a sunny street . fade to white . dalton ( v.0 . ) !’m gonna walk right out the front door . int . apartment of detective miller ~ bedroom — evening katrine be asleep on the bed , naked . Miller empty he pocket and place he badge , wallet , and gun on the dresser . we see katrine in the dresser mirror . Miller take he key from he jacket 's feat hip pocket and put they on the dresser , he take change from he jacket ' 's right hip pocket but find something else in he hand . a perfect two - carat diamond . miller what the ... flashback : mitier 's Pov . dalton walk away from mitter , to the exit , after bump into he in the bank . miller ( v.0 . ) ( cont ‘d ) why do not you just waik out that door ? milter took up at he reflection in the dresser mirror . CUT to black . dalton ( v.0 . ) '' oh , | will . when I be good and ready . '' credit