title card : New York City 1961 the card fade out . we hold in black . hard cut to a singer accompany himself on guitar , perform '' I have be all around this World . '' he be llewyn Davis . he be spotlit , seat on the small stagé ’of a New . York club , maybe the gaslight . he finish the song to applause . llewyn thank you . you have probably hear that one before , but what the hell . . . he rise to go but dip back into the mike : _.. if it be never new , and it never get old , then it 's a folk song . as the applause abate something , catch llewyn 's attention : Nick porco , the owner of the club , greenwhich Village italian , nod llewyn over . he be broadly smile . Nick Boy you be some mess last night . llewyn yeah , sorry , Nick . I be a asshole . Nick oh I do not give a shit . I even agree about the music . funny to hear you say it though . llewyn yeah , I be a funny guy . Nick s’very true . anyway , someone want to see you out back . llewyn who ? Nick guy in a suit ? a clatter offscreen attract llewyn attention : backlit in the smoky spotlight someone with a batter guitar be just sit stool onstage . back alley the steel door of the club swing open and llewyn emerge . a thin , a , than llewyn , in a suit a size too big be lean against , the far wall - of th cigarette . he study llewyn for a beat , then , in a kentucky accent : man you a funny boy , huh ? llewyn what ? the man toss the cigarette away and push himself off the wall . : man have to open ya big mouth , funny boy ? llewyn have to — what ? it 's what I do . fora live . who be — | man what ya do ? make fun a folk up there . folk up there : sangin ? llewyn ing . down on the pular man , older alley smoking a I be sorry , what ? I be —oof ! the 'man have just sock he in the mouth . man you sit there in the audience last night yellin yer crap ? llewyn be hold he mouth . llewyn oh for Christ 's sake . you yell stuff , it 's a show . man ai not a fuckin fag show ! he hit he again . ... be not you show ! he hit he again and llewyn go down in the slush of the alleyway . llewyn it 's not the opera , jackass ! he kick . llewyn curl into a defensive ball and bellow from behind protective forearm : llewyn it 's a fuck baskethouse ! the man kick again . man we leavin this fuckin cesspool . you kin have it , smartass . tracking we be push forward at floor - level along a hallway dimly daylit from the room in the background that it open into . Music enter at the cut , a italian tenor , sing opera . the music have some perspective : a record - play in another apartment , perhaps , down a airshaft . a cat 's foot enter frame and it lead the continue push in . the cat enter the background room , camera keep pace . the cat veer to one side bring into frame the bottom of a sofa . the arm of someone above frame asleep on the couch loll down onto the floor . we can hear the sleeper 's heavy breathe . the cat leap up , leave frame . Close on the sleeper : llewyn Davis , lie on he back . at the sound of let out a startle grunt and he eye open . he blink . he look down the length of he body , chin digging into chest . 4 h soft impact he his point of view : the cat stand on he chest stare back , purring with 4 loud rhythmic tumble . llewyn raise a hand to swipe the cat away . as we hear the cat pad around the room we cut wider on llewyn . i stir and rise , swinging he foot out . he be in he undy . the wall in this de be decorate with mask and totem and other naf ' civilization art . llewyn sit gaze stupidly about for a beat . he reach for pants , plop they into he lap . he look down at the end table just off the sofa arm . on it , some change subway token , which he swipe into an‘open hand and dump into one also on the table , a wallet . he thumb open the bill compartment . it co : dollar . ie early - ind three ant pocket . tain three Close on he as he look , then flip the wallet shut and shove it into another pocket . down a hall we be look ' down the length of a darkish hallway give onto the brighter de . llewyn 's head appear at the far end as he crane to peer down the hall . for a still beat . llewyn . .. hello ? no answer . he stare out llewyn relax , enter the hall , walk toward we in he underwear . the cht cross the room behind he . live room llewyn enter and bend with a oomph to pull he guitar out of a case . he sit on a sofa , experiment idly with chord till he find he way into the continue opera . he accompany it through a couple of chord change , hum . he loudly clear phlegm . kitchen egg be crack into a bowl . wider : llewyn , still undied , whisk the egg . aller a long beat of vigorous whisk he look about , pull open a drawer , do not see what he be after . he look around , lose , at all the : cabinetry . '. hallway liewyn walk down the hall forking scramble egg from a plate to he mouth , idly look at the picture on the wall , : live room again llewyn stand , mouth agape , before a shelf of record , run a finger along the fray cardboard spine of the record jacket . the plate of egg , empty now , sit abandon on the hi-fi cabinet next to he . he land on a record , pull it out . he look at the sleeve with a half -smile , slip out the lp , put it on the 'hi- fi spindle . minute later '' dink 's song '' issue from the hi-fi , sung by a harmonize male duo . dress now , wear a corduroy sport coat , llewyin be hunch at a sideboard , scribbling something onto scratch Paper : thanks for the couch . I be a sorry mess last night . he sign : li . common hallway '' dink 's song '' continue to play , now as score . llewyn be just exite the apartment , guitar case in hand . the hallway i : with only one other apartment door give on to it ; there be also a eleva| as llewyn leave , the cat try to accompany he . a small space or . a grunt from llewyn . he try awkwardly to hook the cat with a foot adit go by ; he fail , the purring cat run to the far end of the hallway . llewyn hop after it , set down he guitar case . one step into pursuit apartment door close — solidly — behind he . llewyn shit . he hear the he turn back to the door , try the knob which he know will not turn . and it do not : lock , . .. goddamnit . the cat be wind around the leg of a small table in the hallway . lle it ; it elude he ; he hem it in with one wave hand and corral it with he straighten with the cat , look around the small space . he go to the neighbor 's apartment door and knock . a beat . ... hello ? another knock ; more silence . he push the elevator call button . n reach for '' other . wr ~~ while wait , he pointlessly try the first apartment door again . we hear the elevator arrive , a cage door be sly . the outer door be open by the attendant . llewyn grab he guitar and step in . hi. . . could you , could I leave this cat with you ? inside the elevator the attendant close the door and set the car in motion . attendant with I ? llewyn yeah , I , it 's the gorfein 's cat . just till one of they get back . oe '' attendant with I ? age llewyn * it just slip , out , I ' do not have the key . if you could just keep it till they get back ? attendant I have to run the elevator . llewyn that 's not a problem , be it ? it 's the gorfein 's . attendant no no . I have to run the elevator . address book it be be hold open : a well - wear address book with sloppy entry fade to different degree , some make in pencil , some in ink . we hear ringing filter through a phone line . wider show llewyn stand in a phone booth with the handset wedge between shoulder and ear and one hand hold the address book and the other hi gging the cat to he chest . City traffic rumble through slush in the background , and people walk by in winter wear all heavier than llewyn 's corduroy coat . the ringing be cut off by a female voice : Voice sociology . llewyn Professor gorfein , please . Voice he 's in a lecture , could I take a message ? B llewyn yeah , could you tell he , do not worry , llewyn have the caf . Voice llewyn be . . . the cat . llewyn llewyn have the cat . I be llewyn . I have he cat . STREET '' dink 's song , '' dip for the precede dialog , come back full for this predit sequence , a Upper West side sidewalk subway entrance . the sign be for the a , S E line . llewyn descend , guitar case in one hand , cat hugge to he chest . turnstyle guitar hoist over it . subway car llewyn in the middle - crowded train , seat , body jiggling with the motion of the car . he look : a strap-hang businessman in overcoat and narrow - brimm fedora hold a fold - back newspaper , not read it . he be stare at lightly dress , cat-hugge llewyn . back to llewyn . a eye shift . two black kid , probably on they way to school , also stare at he . back to llewyn . the cat jump free . llewyn leap up and crouch-hustle after it . people make way for cat and pursue man , give look . west 4 " STREET another sidewalk subway entrance . llewyn emerge , the recover cat once again hold to he chest . village STREET llewyn walk , guitar in -hand , cat to chest . as the credit end he turn into a tenement building halfway up the street . tenement foyer llewyn scan the tenant list and press the buzzer for berkey 6c . no answer . he press the button for super ic . inside llewyn be buzze in . a older italian man in a wifebeater and blue work pants cinched high on he midriff crack open a door at the end of the hall . llewyn hey Nunzio . Nunzio yeah , they be not home though . llewyn it 's okay , I know . can I use the fire escape ? airshaft as llewyn top the fire escape stair on the sixth floor . he set the cat down on the metal - slat landing to free a hand and slide up a apartment window . , as cat make to bolt . llewyn corral it , hug it while he finish get th case inside . inside the berkey apartment before set the cat down llewyn close the window behind he , then window next to it , which be crack open , and close that . he set down the cat . a minute later llewyn have the door to the refrigerator open and be angle he head to | saucer set on floor llewyn 's hand enter to pour in some milk . the cat scurries in to lap at hear the refrigerator door be open and close , off , and then recedin ; follow by the heavy apartment door be open and slam shut . outer office 2 '' do so the window up , and go to the k inside . he milk . we footstep small , seedy . musician photo on the wall suggest the business be musictrelate , each pose musician have a arm around the same small stout middle - age man . some of the picture be autograph , with sentiment to '' mel . '' a pebble - glass door stand ajar show a inner office where the short}middle - age mel of the picture sit behind a desk . his chin rest squarely on the desktop . his shoulder be slump down behind the desk . | we see effort in he body as we hear something be drag along the floor . mel relax and roll he castore chair back . he stoops out of the chair and rise hoist a filebox he have just pull from under the desk . he drop it on the desktop and start leaf through . llewyin be enter . llewyn how we doin ? mel we be doin great ! llewyn really ? New record 's do well ? mel be instantly sad : mel oh—how we doin . notso hot , I gotta be honest . ( project ) Ginny , where 's : cincinatti ? her voice project , like he , on the back and forth : Ginny 's Voice ... what ? mel cincinatti . it 's not in here . Ginny 's Voice it should be in there . mel it 's not in here . I be tellin ya . Ginny 's Voice ... cincinatti ? mel be still rummage . mel ... yeah . Ginny 's Voice ... egot it . mel what . Ginny 's Voice I get it . mel be it ... Ginny 's Voice what. mel you get cincinatti ? Ginny 's Voice yeah . you want it ? mel + could I have it ? Ginny 's Voice should I bring it in ? mel yeah . llewyn try to reclaim the floor : llewyn do you owe I anything ? you have to owe I something . . mel ( sad shake of head ) I wish . Ginny enter with a file that mel examine . she leave . ~— 13 . people need time , you know . buy you as a solo act . even know you be a solo act . . . ( shaking he head at the file ) cincinatti be not good . Ginny 's Voice that 's it , right ? mel ( sad ) yeah , this be it . God help I . llewyn nobody know we when we be a duo . it 's not like I and Mike be ever a big act . it 's not a big reeducation . for the public . mel. mel . mel be rouse from the file : mel yeah . yeah . how ya doin ? llewyn mel , there be no advance : on my solo record , there 's gotta be some royalty . F shitist 's 's sake , it 's cold out I do not even have a winter : mel Jesus Christ ! ya kiddin I ! he drop the file , shocked . he round the desk and leave the office . llewyn look around , puzzle . through the open door we see a wedge of the outer office . there be a coat rack . mel 's hand enter to pluck a coat from it . the hand disappear and after a moment mel reenter with the coat . mel take this , kid . llewyn build directory a finger enter to buzz berkey . the door buzze and click off its latch . llewyn push through it . first floor Nunzio be lean out of he apartment door . mel —no . mel T insist ! I insist ! J llewyn I do not want you fuckin coat ! what will you wear ? mel kid — I 's Il get by . llewyn it will not even fit I ! this be bullshit , mel ! this be just a big fat fuck bluff ! mel bluff ! kid , what , what do you — bluffl . F offer you this !? get the fuck out of my office ! llewyn all right . thanks for the coat . | mel what ? all right , wait , shit — lemme give ya forty dollahg . Nunzio they home . llewyn yeah . 15 he start up the stair . high looking down we hear llewyn panting as we see he hand slide up the bannister . apartment door it be swing open by Jean , a young woman . Jean explain the cat , Beyond he , in the apartment 's main room , a young man. in 's camo fatigue and boot sit on a rocker , stroking the cat now in he lap . the : young man 's buzz cut show off a high forehead . llewyn : it 's the gorfein 's , sorry . I crash there last night — Young : man what 's its name ? : ~ llewyn I do not know . he snuck out the door when — Jean do you think you be stay here tonight ? llewyn hope to . Jim around ? Young man it 's a lovely cat . Jean Jim 's not here . we tell Troy he could crash here . Young man Troy Nelson . how be you ? llewyn yeah , hey . llewyn Davis . Troy oh—hello ! I have hear you music — and hear many nice thing about you . from Jim and Jean , and from other . llewyn you have not hear one nice thing about I from Jean . ever . have you , Troy . Jean you tell the gorfein 's you will take care of they cat , and then bring he here for we to take care of ? Troy [ have hear nice thing from Jim and Jean . and other . llewyn I do not — it just happen — Troy its a peaceful cat . very content . liewyn | so I can not stay here tonight . { Jean look . we tell Troy he could stay , we do not keep the couch free on the chance you will show up . Troy if this be awkward , I could hitch back to Fort dix , after I perform tonight . Jean do not be silly . we offer you the couch . ! llewyn you be gig somewhere ? Jean Troy be play at the commons tonight . we be meeting Jim there . 17 Troy well , I could sleep on the floor , here . llewyn could have the couch . I be certainly not a man of comfort . alternately — I could hitch back to Fort dix after the show . Jean scribbles furiously on a page of a spiral notebook . as she rip the page out and hand it to llewyn : Jean llewyn can sleep on the floor . with he cat . llewyn it 's the gorfein 's cat . he look at the paper : I be pregnant . he look up at Jean . ... what the fuck ! the common onstage , now wear slack and sweater , Troy perform '' the last thing on my mind . '' in the audience , llewyn sit near Jean , one empty seat between , both of they gaze up at the performance . hand enter from behind llewyn to grab he shoulder and squeeze . the person — a young man— drop into the empty seat . Jim hey llewyn ! good to see you , man ! llewyn hey . llewyn smile and be immediately uncertain whether to look as Jim lear away to give Jean a kiss . Jim look up at the performance . at length , sotto voce , eye still direct up at the stage : llewyn . .. what do you think ? Jim ( also look up ) what. llewyn him . Troy . Jim shake he head admiringly . Jim wonderful performer . llewyn be he ? Jim wonderful . llewyn do he have . . . higher function ? Voice sshh ! llewyn look around for the shusher , then lean in closer to Jim . llewyn look Jim , I do not want to mention this in front of Jean , you know how she get . Jim what do you mean ? llewyn 18 19 you know , just — I need a little money . I can pay you back soon . that , and the last loan . there 's a girl I know who 's in trouble . need to get fix . Jim not again . the song be end . healthy applause ; llewyin lean in closer . onstage : llewyn different girl . do not tell Jean . Jim I can not get it without Jean know . it 's okay , she will be okay with it . llewyn no no no , that 's okay , I , uh , I cai find it somewhere else . Troy thank you very much . thank you . there 's someone special in the audience tonight , who will maybe get up and help I out here if you give a round of applause . . . llewyn roll he eye . llewyn I do not have my guitar . Troy I know that you folk know be and love be , lady and gentleman — Jim and Jean ! llewyn uh. yeah . he applaud with the crowd as Jim and Jean take the stage . Three guitar and three voice : they perform '' early Morning rain . '' Jean swivel at the mike she share with Jim , give the crowd eye contact . when she look cross llewyn it darken . he give she a what - do - I - do . her look move on . Nick porco plop himself into the empty chair next to llewyn . Nick Boy they be not bad . llewyn uh-huh . stare beat . then : Nick that Jean , I would like to fuck she . i llewyn . yeah . T guess . apartment | night . Light snore . the cat walk past a large shape on the floor — Troy Nelson — and leap up out of frame . | llewyn 's light snore stop in a grunt of surprise as the cat land on hisichest . ' he and the purring cat look at each other . i morning i the clinking of a spoon . llewyn stir , look around . Troy Nelson sit in a low rocker , knee stick up , once again in he fatigue and boot , spoon cereal from a bowl . | Troy sorry . early . try not to wake anyone . 21 llewyn s’okay . Troy Morning mess . llewyn uh-huh . another clink ; the crunch of corn flake between tooth . and another . Troy set he spoon down and look at the bowl for a beat . then - he raise . it with both hand and drain the milk from it . he clear he throati Troy well . that be very good . llewyn , rest on he side , prop he head on a fist and stare . llewyn well , . . what 's next ? Troy whaddya mean ?. llewyn do you . . . plug yourself in somewhere ? Troy blink at he . Troy no . his look hold for a beat , then wander around the apartment . when it reach llewyn again he sigh , then slap he belly . well . report for duty . back to Fort dix . llewyn they make you a kill machine ? 22 Troy oh , no-heh -heh ! no , it 's probably different from what you imagine . there 's the discipline , which be what you be refer to . | actually like that . the weaponry be — well it 's part of the job . llewyn uh-huh . he get up , start push he few effect into a bag . 1 Troy armament be not my thing . I do not even approve of with : toy . llewyn be it a career ? 1 | Troy j no , no . I get out in a few month . Bud grossman have express interest in represent I . this get llewyn 's attention . llewyn Bud grossman . what 's he like ? Troy Mr. grossman be a : wonderful man . he 's be very ! supportive , I play at he club in Chicago on my last | furlough , right after I get back from Germany . llewyn swing he foot out and put he pants on . llewyn you meet elvis ? Troy no . everyone ask that . I do not meet private presley . i | { '' | | he have finish pack . llewyn put a cigarette in he mouth and pat himself down for match . 1 llewyn { i 23 so you play at the Gate of horn . Troy yes . Mr. grossman like what he see , I guess . he think I can have a career . llewyn uh-huh . he push the window open a foot and recline on the couch head - towards - window , to smoke . ' Troy pause with he kit at the door . near the bedroom , he keep he voice low : ... thank Jim and Jean for I . do not want to wake they . llewyn will do . Troy good meeting you . llewyn you too . Troy go through the door and ease it shut behind he . llewyn draw on the cigarette , angle the exhale towards the window , then look back into the room , the cat walk toward he , tail up , purring . llewyn what 's you name , again ? the cat jeap onto the sill and be out the window . ... fuck ! he lunge for it , stick a arm through the window over the fire escape — but be not even close . he stick he head out the window . 24 his point- of-view down : the cat pat-pat-pat away down the fire escape| toward the alley below , each step on the metal stair give the faintest clung . fuck ! llewyn uck ! he draw he head back in , bang the back of it on the window sash , and bolt for the apartment door and through it , let it close behind he with a slam stairway he pass a surprised Troy Nelson one flight down . llewyn cat ! } i exterior | llewyn bang out the front door and sprint several foot to the alley mouth and into the alley . ' no cat in sight . i llewyn walk down the alley in he T-shirt , hugging himself against the cold , look from side to side . '' i llewyn cat. . . kitty ... kitty ... fuck . i nothing move anywhere . | i ..» fuck , llewyn retrace he step back up the alley . he emerge and look one shy down the street . t | early - morning empty . a couple of car cross a block away . ' he look the other way . : i just as empty , except for one recede figure , already small : a camo-clad / soldier with a guitar case in hand and a duffel bag on he shoulder . 25 apartment Jean , in a nightie , open the door to llewyn . Jean thissing ) thanks for keep quiet , asshole . '' llewyn I be freezing ! can we talk ? Jean not here ! fuck you ! llewyn well — I be sorry , which ? out , or fuck you ? let 's go out . can I borrow Jim 's coat ? Jean fuck you ! STREET they walk along Washington Square North , llewyn in the borrow coat . Jean I do not know ! llewyn you do not know if it 's mine . Jean no ! how would I know ? llewyn so it could be Jim 's . Jean yes ! asshole ! llewyn but you do not want it either way . to be clear . Jean to be clear , asshole , you fuck asshole , | want very much to have it if it 's Jim 's . that 's what I want . but since I do not know , you not only fuck thing up by fuck the and maybe make I pregnant , but even if it 's not yours , I can not know that , so I have to get rid of what might be a perfectly fine baby . a baby I want . because everything , you touch turn to shit . like King Midas 's idiot brother , llewyn well . okay . I see . Jean you know a doctor , right ? llewyn yes . Jean from when — whatever — Diane . llewyn yes , Jean '' and you will pay for it . i llewyn i yes. i ! Jean do not tell jim. obviously . a silent beat of walk . i . [ should have have you wear double condom . well — | we should not have do it in the first place . but if you ever do it again , which as a favor to woman everywhere you | should not , but if you do , you should be wear condom | on condom . and then wrap it in electrical tape . you i should just walk around always , inside a great big condom . because you be shit . nlu llewyn okay . Jean you should not be in contact with any live thing . be shit . walk beat . llewyn ... you know the expression , it take two to tango — Jean oh , fuck you . walk beat . llewyn I could say , we should talk about ' this when you 's be less angry , but that would be . . . that would be .... when would that be — Jean fuck you . they walk for a beat . ... lt miss Mike . llewyn could I ask you for a favor ? Jean you be joke . llewyn not for I , it 's for the gorfein . they cat get out — could you leave the fire escape window open ? she stare at he . Jean it 's winter . 27 llewyn just enough for the cat ? to squeeze back in ? it could come back . Jean come back ? to we apartment ? it be there like six hour ! why would it come back there ? for the first time in the conversation llewyn be exercise . llewyn I do not know , I be not a fuck cat ! think about it , I lo : they fuck cat ! I feel bad about it ! Jean that 's what you feel bad about ? subway car i i { en 5 28 train rumble bang in at the cut . we be close on llewyn , body jousling with the motion of the train . the window bchind he head be , in the black of the train turinel , a dull mirror of the car . Long hold . i i the window pop into brightness : as the train emerge onto a bridge - approach , give we a brief view down the East River . queen STREET llewyn be a small figure recede down a quiet residential street . stoop llewyn sit on a stoop read a newspaper , elbow on knee . ata sound , he look up . a woman a little older than he be come up the walk with a bag of grocery . she be surprised to see he . { 29 woman hello . where 's ya coat ? llewyn stand , fold the newspaper . llewyn not that cold . woman y’ out a ya mind ? kitchen licwyn sit at the table as the woman put away grocety . woman so how 's the music goin ? llewyn oh , pretty good . pretty good . woman oh good . so you do not need 'to borrow money . a beat as she continue to put thing away . llewyn actually , I be wonder . . . woman uh-huh ? llewyn be it sell ? woman the house ? llewyn yeah . woman beat . another beat . yeah , uh-huh . I mean it 's in escrow . '' llewyn | for what ? woman twenty - two five , but — why ? it 's not we house . llewyn j not we house ? woman | well , yeah — mom and dad 's house . llewyn , it go to ht upkeep . : llewyn : right . : woman . we do not get any . ... good thing ya music 's goin good , ... pm sorry . ! llewyn : yeah , well . what the fuck . : woman llewyn . i llewyn : what. woman the language . llewyn oh—yeah . sorry . ss 30 31 woman I be not one a ya greenwich Village friend . llewyn okay , yeah . she eye he for a beat . she laugh . woman still get ya seaman 's papers ? llewyn yeah . why ? woman if the music 's not . . . llewyn what—quit ?! merchant marine again ? just . . ..exist ? woman '' exist ? that 's what we do .outside of show business ? it 's not so bad , exist . llewyn like dad ? woman llewyn ! llewyn what . woman you say that about you own fatha ! llewyn what . woman that he exist ! llewyn I do not say — you say it ! i— forget it . woman that he '' exist '' ! like that ?! . llewyn yeah yeah . sorry . woman . see he ? llewyn yeah . what ? should 1 ? woman | you tell I . he 's ya fatha . i llewyn yeah , right . he sure be . woman ( rise ) T get -— wait — I get — you get 'a minute ? llewyn : well they , they - want I , back , rehearsals for the Sullivan : show . and I tot some autograph to sign . Champagne reception . . woman '' ( leave ) | do not go way . : he look idly around . work - class kitchen . oilcloth on the table . some seafare knickknadk . project , from off : woman I clean it out , the house . there be some stuff . I put ya stuff in a box . . i 32 33 she reenter with a open box . ... what I think ya might want . she set it on the table in front of he . he look with no particular interest , flip through a couple of thing , shrug . llewyn I do not know , Joy , just , what would I . . . just stick it out at the curb . woman llewyn ! be you kiddin ? lookit this . you know what this be ? : she be pull out a ep -size record ina plain white sleeve . .-. this be when you record '' lady of Spain '' for Mom and dad ! he look at she , shrug a so-what . ... you be whateva , you be like cight year old ! it 's so cute ! llewyn well , see , Joy , in . the entertainment business you be never suppose to let you practice shit out . ruin the mystique . she be disappointed that he will not share she enthusiasm . Joy I be sorry , I do not know a lot about the entertainment business . llewyn yeah . well . do not be sorry . subway platform a queen open-air station . llewyn be on a pay phone . llewyn 34 no no no , Ill bring the cat up , it 's fine , I just , not today 4s it turn out , I can not bring she today — Voice i he. | i '' llewyn — he. he 's hang out at Jim and Jean 's , he like it thefe , he 's fine , believe I . Voice pll run down and pick he up , I do not want to — llewyn no no no , they be never home , anyway I could not ask you to do that , all the way down to the Village , Ill bring she tp tomorrow . him . j Voice . versus i okay . okay . and remember to call ' Jim , he say it be | urgent . i llewyn ; yeah , I doubt if it 's urgent , but yeah , I will call he , thanks . i Voice 1 no , he.said it 's urgent . ; a session this afternoon at rca , | i somebody get sick , drop out —he think you have like the work — '' i llewyn project over the roar of a approach train which , from we pérspective , bury the voice at the : other end . i llewyn : what ? what ? do I need my guitar ?. .. did he say | doi need my guitar ?. .. no ? — the approach train roar into frame . swank double-doors the rca logo adorn the large reception desk inside . 35 llewyn bang through the door . inside he go up to the receptionist : llewyn I be here for Mr. cromartie 's session ? llewyn Davis ? receptionist have a seat , I will let he know you be here . seating area Minutes later . liewyn sit wait , on furniture more expensive than he be use to . very , very quiet . he look around . gold record on the wall , tastefully frame . Black - and white photograph , nicely light , of performer , in the studio . different genre be represent — dizzy gillespie ; johnny matthis , a young Leonard bernstein . the mute click of a door latch draw llewyn 's attention . amble down the hall , hand dig into pocket , be a distinguished , waspy gentleman in tweed . llewyn jump to he foot . cromartie llewyn ? llewyn Mr. cromartie , a honor to meet you . cromartie where 's you guitar ? i 36 studio he shoulder . Jim you will play a Gibson , right ? ' , a nice but not especially large studio . Jim be walk llewyn in , beam arm around llewyn your ? sure . you be play — | 3 Jim j the D - 15 . you know Al ? | i another young man , with guitar , be at one of the three stool range around a microphone . } llewyn hey man . Voice through the talk - back : Voice read a chart , llewyn ? it be cromartie who , in the control : ' toom , stand behind the board . llewyn I ... 1 ... can stare at a chart and fake it , sir . ' mutely , behind the glass , cromartie laugh . we get the tail of the laugh as he punch in : i cromartie Jim and Al will teach it to you . take you time . we be here to have fun . llewyn okay . ( to Jim ) so ... we be the , the what ? the John Glenn singer ? he look up . his point- of-view : a high ceiling . hanging sound reflector of blond wood . 37 cromartie 's Voice it 's not the most serious music we’ have record here . Jim ( explanatory ) it 's a thing . many minute later the three man be set themselves at the microphone . llewyn so I be go down on '' capsule , '' I be do this ... . he demonstrate on guitar . Al yeah , I be take the high . . . they run through a couple of phrase , voice and guitar , not full volume . llewyn okay . okay . ( low ) I be happy for the gig , but ... who write this ? Jim look uncomfortable . Jim I do . cromartie ( through talk back ) okay ? some last minute arrange of weight on stool . Throat clear . Jim so , okay . cromartie good ? 38 Al okay . cromartie one second . wait beat . mute back - and -forth in the control room between cromartie and the erigineer . cromartie laugh silently . engineer , smile , nod . engineeer check spmething . cromartie get serious , lean forward for the talk - back button : | cromartie | okay . . . '' please Mr. Kennedy '' take one . sound of a blabt - off and . . . we be roll . i Al and llewyn look to Jim who nod in time , whisper a count - off : Jim . two three four ... and they perform the song . corner of the studio some time later . 1 llewyn sit on a fold chair , one of several along one wall , near atable on which sit a coffee percolator and some cup and other paraphernalia . Mike stand ae range nearby . Jim and Al be -shrugge into coat . another man , in shirtlseeve and to stand over llewyn who have a pen.and a clipboard hold papers . as he squint at the top sheet , llewyn address : Jim : '' llewyn i no , thank you , I appreciate it . I need this . as you know . Jim do not thank I , thank richie sheridan . puke he way out of the John Glenn singer . llewyn tough ruck . we will be touring , right ? 39 Al laugh . Al tour my ass . llewyn pll get my vaccination . ( to shirtsleeve man as he continue to squint at papers ) where ? man you be af of m right ? llewyn yeah . man sign there and there . you do not have a label ? llewyn 1 do — Legacy . man you be exclusive to mel ? [ will need a permission . he will give you one . llewyn but it will take , shit ... [ need the money now . the man shrug : man you wanna just be a independent contractor , accounting 's li give ' you a check today . Bill we for service , $ 200 . it 's more than the session fee 's cause you do not get royalty . llewyn okay . and I can cash it ? man sure , right around the corner . but you do not go on the session sheet then . llewyn that 's fine . that 's okay . . . as he sign : . .. where do you live , Al ? Al down Street . llewyn Nice place ? Al dump . llewyn uh-huh . get a couch ? legacy record the seedy office where carlier we meet ' mel novikoff . i we hear the clack of a typewriter as.we pushin . now , though , the insid¢ doorway to mel 's office stand ajar , expose desk 's and émpty chair and late sun . llewyn look over at - Ginny , type something . llewyn where as. mel ? Ginny , eye om she work , reply absently while still type : Ginny mel , be at . . . a funeral . llewyn Boy , that man go to a lot of funeral . Ginny he like people . llewyn fewer and fewer ! '' 40 4 ) she continue type . Ginny this be family . his nephew georgie be engage to a girl whose mother just pass . llewyn I ... do not know if that 's family . Ginny 's eye remain on she work . Ginny he like funeral , I do not know what to tell you : llewy n I forget to pick up my mail yesterday . so piss at mel . Ginny ya do not forget to pick up you mail . licwyn yes I do . Ginny you do not have any mail . llewy n oh. ( beat ) shit. nothing ? ( she type on ; he be hesitant ) . .. I do not get anything from Bud grossman ? in Chicago ? Ginny you be suppose to get something from Bud grossman ? llewyn it have me! send he my solo record . when it come out . whenever , more than a month ago . Ginny oh ! she stop type and rise , give llewyn momentary hope . ... no , you do not get anything , but we be make space 42 in the stock room and dumped the rest of the old record . | all the remainduh . your and mikey 's . . . she hoist a box from behind the counter . . mel set one box aside , think you might want to keg some copy . llewyn pull a copy from the box , shaking he head , and look at the cover . the artist be timlin and Davis , llewyn himself recognizable though clean -shaven , look only a little young , on a stool with a guitar , mouth freeze midt . stand behind he be , presumably , Mike timlin , transport by the music , joyously vocalize to the heaven with he body tense and he hand turn up . the namejof : the record be , '' if we have wing ! '' llewyn whuh . .. 1 ... ( shrug ) what be I gonna do with ’em ? Ginny resume type . Ginny should I throw ’em out ? ; hallway | 4 the dingy hallway of the office as. building . '' dink 's song '' play . llewyn have the box at the elevator and press it with he body against the wall in order to free one hand and hit the call button . : ! | street | the song , continue to play as llewyn walk down slushy Village street sweat , the box hold awkwardly out before he stomach . : vestibule } the box be body - press against the vestibule wall and llewyn 's freed hand go to the directory . it find cody , 6a , and buzze . 43 stairwell we be look down six flight 's worth of stairwell . we catch glimpsis of llewyn ascend , midway up , some of he shoulder and he arm press box to stomach swinging into view with each laborious footfall . sixth -floor hallway a spend llewyn drop the box to the floor and lean against the door jamb of 6a and knock , panting . ue ae we jump in as Al , from the recording session , open the door . Al good , here 's the key . I be tun out to Jersey to pick up my mother 's car . : llewyn ( heavy panting ) okay . inside the apartment llewyn look around the small studio , hand on hip . he sit and bounce , experimentally on the couch : how 's this one ? he swing he leg up and lie back : to : see iftit afford ' full extension . pretty close . he rise , and beiid down to shove he record box under Al 's couch . it will not go under all the way ; something be ' block . llewyn peek , reach under , pull out a uncover box similar to he , pack with lp 's . he pull one out show that the box contain copy of one record . its title : another Point of View . the artist : Al cody . the cover photograph of Al , whom we have only see happy , have he look rather pensive . llewyn gaze at the album . vestibule llewyn ring berkey 6c . a beat . Jean 's Voice yeah ? llewyn it 's I . llewyn . Jean 's Voice yeah ? llewyn can I come up ? Jean 's Voice no , llewyn well—okay . well . can- I have my stuff ? a beat . Jean -- ph bring it down , I '! meet you at the reggio . cafe reggio Jean sit into close shot . we be in a dark italian coffee shop . Jean who win the lottery tonight ? llewyn huh ? oh , I be stay at Al cody 's . so . when do you want to do this thing ? Jean the abortion ? the sooner the better . tomorrow if I can . Jim will not be around , I will not have to make up a story 44 45 where I be go . llewyn okay , I will see if the guy can do it then . Jean the guy ? ! hope he 's a doctor . llewyn yeah yeah , he 's a doctor , Jean you get the money ? llewyn yeah , | get the money — do not worry . Jean with you I worry . llewyn well you should not . Jean yes I should . God know you never do . you just let other people . like you method of birth control . llewyn please do not start with the double - condom again . Jean do you ever think about the future at all ? llewyn the future ? you mean like , fly car ? hotel on the moon ? Tang ? Jean and this be why you be fuck . llewyn no , it 's why you be fuck . try to blueprint a future . move to the suburb . with Jim . have kid . i Jean ; that 's bad ? 1 llewyn | if that 's what music be , for you , a way to get to that placd , then yes — it 's a little careerist . a little square . anda little sad . | Jean I be sad ! you be the one who 's not get anywhere ! ybu do not even want to get anywhere ! I and Jim try ! llewyn grope : | llewyn I do wanna . . . | wanna — i Jean we try ! you sleep on the couch ! llewyn bad thing to throw in my face , man ! you do not wanna go ' ariy whe ind that 's why all the same shit be go to keep - happen to you . because you . want it to . 4 llewyn . be that ' why . ) Jean and also because — you be a asshole ! let 's not forget that ! who sleep with other people 's woman ! llewyn 4 well you be be pretty kind to yourself now , be not you ! Jean who 's couch be you on tonight ? llewyn i I tell you , Al cody 's . 46 47 he be tensing , rise , look out the window . ... you do not listen , you just , spout vitriol . . . Jean look at he , puzzle by the trance he have enter , his eye widen further . . .. keep a eye on my shit ! he bolt . outside llewyn pound down the sidewalk , miss most — but bump some —of ' the pedestrian . llewyn hey ! a couple of people glance around ; none of they be he focus . he pourid along . ... hey ! as he near the object of he pursuit he syeline drop . ... hey ! hey ! hey ! he be hastily crouch - walk now and he reach forward and scoops — the gorfein 's cat , which twist and struggle , but only a little , as llewyn tuck he against he chest . back in the coffeeshop llewyn enter with the cat . llewyn God damn . | be one lucky bastard . thank you for suggest this place . he glance furtively around , then take he coffee cup off its saucer and pour cream into it from the silver creamer . he set the cat on the table to feed . | 48 ... thing can not have eat since yesterday , it 's a damn Te Jean watch the cat lap milk . llewyn pet it and it push back agains{ he hand , purring as it continue to lap milk . | ... do you know he name ? I can not remember its name . i Jean I do not know its name . I barely know the gorfein . llewyn ; Jesus . thank god. good kitty . well — where be we ?! all the acrimony be spend . the exchange be matter - of - fact : Jean { you be call I a careerist . and I be call you @ loser , : llewyn right . well . that be you category . Jean no—those be you , category . llewyn ya know , in my : experience the world be divide into two kind : of people : that who divide the world into two category — Jean — and loser ? following the cat we follow at floor level as the cat pad through Al cody 's apartment . when it reach a table leg it leap up out of frame . we cut up as it land on the table . it pad onto a pile of mail , start to disarrange it , until llewyn hook its belly with one hand and dump it back on the floor . llewyn not you house . 49 he nudge the mail back into a pile as the apartment door open and Al enter , shuck he coat . llewyn 's look have catch on the mail . llewyn who 's Arthur milgram ? Al that 's I . gonna change it legally . at some point . what 's up with the cat ? llewyn it 's not stay , I be bring he back to —long story . take he home to the gorfein 's tonight . Al okay . no , that 's fine . but , uh ... llewyn , tonight and tomorrow be good here , but then my girlfriénd 's come down from Boston . licwyn okay okay , thanks for the two day . Al you do not want to go to Chicago do you ? llewyn why the fuck would I want to go to Chicago . Al right . llewyn why do you ask ? Al I be loaning my mother 's car to a friend who do stuff for roland Turner . you know roland Turner ? ( llewyn shrug ignorance ) Old timer . Jazz guy . he will not fly . they be drive out to Chicago for a gig , look for someone to help pay for gas . llewyn no reason for I to go to Chicago . but — thanks — I 's Il find 50 something . i { door open | a door open and a uniform nurse emerge from a inner office and ben into the foreground . i nurse | Mr. Davis ? t the reverse show llewyn incongruously sit among pregnant woman . he rise . '' inner office ! llewyn be now seat across a desk from the doctor , Gary ruvkun . llewyn be shaking he head . llewyn no no , she will not want I - with she . Gary okay , well , she should have a friend though , someone who can help she home . llewyn okay , I ’ii tell she . Gary it will have to be ona Saturday , I can do it this Saturday . llewyn : okay . I will pay you now since I will not see you , cash I , uh — he be reach into a pocket . Gary no no ! no charge . llewyn be flummox . 51 llewyn ... what ? Gary you know , from last time . llewyn ... from last time ? you mean Diane ? Gary yeah . I do not have a number , or a address for you . where do you live , anyway ? awkward beat . long beat . llewyn wait , what ? Gary I do not have a— llewyn why be there no charge this time ? Gary huh ? llewyn why — Gary well , you know . llewyn well — no , I do not know , man . you work pro-bono now ? Gary well , no , since it do not happen last time . llewyn what do not happen . Gary blink . Gary Diane do not tell you ? ( respond to llewyn 's look ) dia i 1 ! '' { do not terminate the pregnancy . she come in to tell I | she have decide to . . . go to ... term . ( another beat ) she do not tell you ? llewyn uh. . . no . Gary she. .. jeez . she ask I to refer she to a doctor in Cleveland , llewyn in Cleveland . . . Gary to deliver the , uh ... llewyn the— the ... uh-huh. ( a.beaf ) . 1 know she be go to : Cleveland . she 's from Cleveland , a tes Gary yes . [ I be sorry , I think — llewyn her parent be in Cleveland . Gary ub‘huh . llewyn ... the kid have be about two now ? Gary yeah , I guess ... yes ... I be sorry . I do not know how to get the money back to you . I never see you at the hoot anymore . ! | | | 52 53 subway car llewyn sit in the middle - crowded car , cat hugge to he chest , stare vacantly down , mentally chew , body move with the motion of the car . at length hé shrug away he think , whatever it be , and he look drift . it catch on something . a straphanging businessman be look at he . be it the same one he sa go downtown from the gorfein 's ? inside a elevator | the same operator be hold the throttle down in the gorfein 's élevator poke suspiciously behind he as the floor slip by outside the gate . llewyn‘is ' stand at the back of the cab hold the cat securely against he chest , we hear a fist tapping . the gorfein 's door as it swing open to reveal a short bespectacle middle - age man ina cardigan . Mitch there 's the cat ! it spill out of licwyn 's arm and run into the apartment . Mitch hug llewyn . ++» Home from the hill ! llewyn , welcome ! come on in , lillian be in the kitchen make she famous moussakal ! llewyn oh , that 's okay , I can not barge in for dinner , I just want to — Mitch pull he into the apartment . Mitch no , what be you talk about , one more person — moussaka ?! c’mon. .. do you know marty Green and Janet Fung ? a jewish-look man and a chinese woman nod and smile greeting . llewyn Nice to meet you , llewyn Davis . i { | marty Green 1 oh ! Mitch and lillian 's folk song friend ! '' i | Mitch you crash with we ? llewyn no no , I have not even plan on dinner — Mitch { llewyn 's not a Upper West side guy . we only get to see he when he 's . . . i { llewyn ; when I have rotate through my Village friend , Mitch : we be the last resort . marty be in my department — and Joe be a musician , this be Joe flom , he play in musica anticha with lillian . llewyn hey , how ya do . Joe Nice to meet you . llewyn what 's you instrument ? Joe well anything with a keyboard , I play celeste and harpsichord in ma . I be a piano instructor most day . llewyn bum a cigarette ? Joe sure . Mitch 54 55 Glass of wine , llewyn ? Little dago red ? llewyn sure , I uh , I should have bring something . Mitch do not be silly , you bring the cat . llewyn I take piano lesson when I be a kid , from Mrs. sieglestein . you do not know Mrs. sieglestein do ya ? very big calve , orthopedic shoe ? live in Far rockaway ? upstair from the kurland ? Joe do she play early Music ? llewyn . Harry James , on the radio . on piano she play mostly , what , we play , uh , drink to I only with thine eye . I do not know . sounded early . Joe uh-huh . llewyn she be not a swinger . Joe well — Harry James . llewyn well , okay . her play though , pretty on the beat . Joe you still play piano ? llewyn I will sit down and fiddle with anything , but not really . not so 's it sound pretty . Joe well , pretty be overrate . 56 llewyn yeah , I agree . that 's why I sing . I be kind of a shouter . Mitch what do Anton say ? when llewyn take a solo . . . llewyn { | not | i : yeah , the hog be restless for mile around . | baby picture insert on a picture of a strange look two - year - old , half asian , half seethe else . at the cut the clink - clank of a dinner table , and llewyn 's voice : { llewyn he 's. .. he 's adorable . how old be he ? wider on the dinner table as he hand the picture back to Janet Fung . Janet turned two in April . he 's , with my mother now . marty grandmas come in handy . llewyn what 's :his name ? marty howie . Janet he already call he howie . Howard . marty howie greenfung . llewyn what , like , Green , Fung ? hyphenate ? marty leap in : Mitch rise . 57 no no , one word . greenfung . Janet Howard greenfung . llewyn you be — kid , right ? Janet ( puzzle ; ready to take offense ) Mitch why do not you give we a song , llewyn ? llewyn oh—no , i— lillian oh , please — he 's very good . Joe should hear you . Mitch and marty and Janet : lillian well of course marty and Janet . llewyn no , they do not need to sit through — Mitch I be get my kalamazoo . you get to play it if and only if you sing . llewyn okay , yeah , I can tell , this be one of that thing , I keep say no you think I be just ask you to beg more . lillian that 's right . llewyn you know , I be not a train poodle . Mitch reenter with guitar case . Mitch not even housebroken . llewyn yeah yeah , okay . Boy . Nice instrument . he take it , run a couple of lick . ... this be , this one 's pretty early , Joe should like it . receptive chuckle from the little audience . llewyn start play , and sing , '' dink 's song . '' the small group listen , genuinely take with the performanc . as llewyn begin the second verse , lillian gorfein case in a high , sweet harmony . llewyn stop play . ~~ llewyn 's ( sharply ) what - be you do . the spell be break . the little audience be puzzle . lillian be lose . lillian ... what ? llewyn what be that ? what be you do ? lillian I — llewyn do not do that . | | | | | 1 | 58 59 lillian . it 's ... it 's Mike 's part ... llewyn I know what it be . do not do that . you know what ? he be more and more testy as he open the guitar case and lay the guitar inside . ... this be bullshit . I do not do this . I do this for a live , you know ? I ’ma musician . [ sing for a live . it 's not a parlor game . Mitch llewyn , please — that 's unfair to lillian — llewyn this be bullshit . I do not ask you over for dinner and then suggest you give we a lecture on the people of meso- America or whatever you pre-columbian shiftis , this be my job . this be how I pay the fuck rent . lillian rise . she be choke up . lillian llewyn , that 's not , this be not — this be a loving home ! llewyn I be a fuck professional . and you know what , fuck Mike 's part . lillian this be terrible . this be dreadful . Mitch it 's okay lillian . lillian I be go — I be go — I do not want to be in this room . she leave , weep . llewyn well she do not have to leave . I be leave . obviously . thank you for the moussaka . I be sorry if I fuck up you evening . walla of protestation , call for calm , from Mitch , Joe , marty Green — cut short by a scream . everyone freeze , look to where lillian exite . a still beat . lillian rush in , hold the cat up , face - out , by its front paw . lillian this be not we cat ! a stare beat . Mitch 's mouth hang open . Mitch | ... oh my god ! | i llewyn i what ?. .. . of course it 's you cat . { i Mitch > oh my god , llewyn ! i llewyn i no , that ’s— that 's you — { ; lillian t _ it 's not even a male ! i lillian shake ' the cat ; its jiggling body emphasize she point | where 's its scrotum ?! | llewyn 2 lj its | lillian '' i llewyn , where 's its scrotum ! Mitch i oh my god . llewyn ! 'w 61 black fade in a point-of-view through a windshield , move down a Village street . slushy , grey , early morning . a figure be wait at the curb , guitar case and small bag at he foot , hold a cat to he chest . cut outside as we pull up . the car be a big four-door . the driver be a all - american young 'man , good -look although something not quite right about he face make he less than d matinee idol . his blond hair be comb back in a pompadour . the stub of a'cigarétte hang : from he lip . llewyn look in the back seat . a large man ina fedorais very still inside , either asleep or pass out . next to he be two cane with silver animal knob : the pompadoure driver , though he have stapped for llewyn , seem to be ignore he . llewyn hold up he guitar case . llewyn trunk ? Driver tt 's full . he jerk he thumb toward the back seat . llewyn operis the back door and stow the case upright , carefull not to disturb the— sleep ? — fat 'man . he have a goatee and sunglass . he have a feather in he broad - brimm fedora and a animal fetish tie pin . his french cuff be secure with bangle . llewyn gingerly shut the door and climb in front . the driver put the car in gear and start drive . llewyn , somewhat bewilder , look at the wordless driver — white t-shirt , leather jacket — stare out at the road . llewyn look back at the big man in the back seat , whose body now joggle with the motion of the car . llewyn turn back to the driver . llewyn hello . the driver 's eye stay on the road . Driver yeah , heya . countryside some time later . llewyn be vacant , nodd , look out . elaborate gag and wake - snarfling noise from the . wack seat drdw hb attention . the man in back stir , smack he lip , look around . he see the guitar case , driving beat . roland Turner what 's this . liewyn my guitar , roland Turner sure ; move in , make yourself at home , do not mind I . ws ae llewyn id . the trunk be full . roland Turner what be you , a flamenco dancer ? what 's you name ? Pablo ? llewyn llewyn Davis . roland Turner I be roland Turner . this be my valet , johnny five . i 62 63 llewyn look at johnny five . johnny five be still unemotively focus on the road . the butt still burn on he lower lip , though it seem to be the same length . llewyn look back at roland Turner . llewyn yeah , we meet . I think . another time CUT roland Turner be fully awake and have a lot to say . roland Turner and that be the last time I be . in Murfreesboro . gave I to understand I would not be welpome back . I say , that 's okay , brother , I might have manage on my own not to make it back to you little flyspeck horseshit town . what 's the N stand for ? llewyn ... what ? : roland Turner what 's the N stand for ? Lou n. Davis ? llewyn llewyn . llewyn . l-l-e-w-y-n . it 's welsh . roland Turner well it would have to be something , stupid fuckin name like that . here , this would interest you , johnny and I be in seatttle , play the High spot—remember this , johnny ? — and I become indispose after eat a toast cheese sandwich . May well have be a rancid slice of bacon . found myself purging from every orifice — one of they like a firehose — I say to the manager , what do you call that thing I just eat ? he say '' welsh rarebit . '' | say okay , do everything from Wale make you shit yourself or just this piece of toast . he say , and I will never forget it because it almost make the experience worthwhile , he say 64 Mr. Turner — Holy Jesus what be that thing ? he have see the cat , peek over llewyn 's shoulder . llewyn my cat . well not my cat , it 's uh . . . roland Turner grown man with a cat ? be it part of you act ? llewyn no. roland Turner ! what would you say you play ? flamenco ? | llewyn folk song . roland Turner i folk song ! I think you say you be a musician . folk singer with a cat . you queer ? i mn ah — I — it 's not my cai ' do not know what to do '' it , 4 '' roland Turner oh yeah ? so do ' you bring you dick along too ? I ’lk tell '' you something , bout welsh rarebit you probably do not { know , at least ' the way they make it at the the High Spot | accord to the manager , dickie wardlow — ever play | for dickie ? well no , you would not have it 's a music club , le say , T ask about the fuck toast he say — outside . the window something attract he attention . johnny , hold up , there 's a sinclair station . you turn to pay for gas , elwyn . | | gas station lot i 65 in the foreground llewyn , back to we , lean against the car . receding across the lot toward the station in the background be roland tumer , elegantly dress , herky - jerk away with he two cane . minute later llewyn come out of the gas station office with a soda . johnny five be lean against the building , one knee bent and foot plant against the brick . his thumb be hook in he pocket . llewyn look at the empty car , look at johnny five . llewyn he still in there ? johnny five yup . minute later llewyn be lean back in the front . passenget : seat , its door open . his eye be close . the sound of a distant door . he look out : roland Turner be round the corner of the building , herky - jerk towards the car , slower than on he walk in , johnny five ' unperch from the building and go to help . car travel . Minutes later . quiet . llewyn look back . roland Turner be in the back seat , eye close again . a trace of drool . johnny five drive , smoking cigarette on he lip . llewyn 67 llewyn could not tell you . roland Turner clay . but ! not just any fuck clay , belgian clay . they have this clay — what do you say you name be ? llewyn llewyn . roland Turner that 's right . they have this clay , only place in the world they can find it , just outside of bruge . harder than my ae dick if it 's fire properly . throw it against a wall . many time as you want , go ahead , elwyn , you . be not gonna break that little bastard . no massé shot , no coinsion cloth : my ass . girl scout rule , like music : you play like you play . well you do not . but in jazz , you know , we play all the note . twelve note ina scale , dipshit . not three chord on a ukelele . a assaultive drine : beat . geeee . ... geeee .... ce . geee , .. ceeee. .. deee . . .. gee. Jesus Fucking 's well , if you make a live at it more power to ' you . solo act ? llewyn yeah , now , ; roland Turner & now ? use to , what , work with the cat ? every time you play ' a C major it have puke a hairball ? 4 llewyn I use to have a partner . roland Turner what happen ? llewyn he throw himself off the George Washington Bridge . roland Turner well shit , I do not blame he , I could not take it either have to play jimmie crack corn every night . although , pardon I for say so , but that 's pretty fuck stupid be not it ? George Washington Bridge ? you throw yourself off the Brooklyn Bridge . traditionally . George Washington Bridge , who do that ? what be he , a dumbbell ? llewyn not really . roland Turner and that 's when you pick up the cat ? thank God I never have to resort to gimmick . people pay . to sec roland 's Turner . play what he play , go where - he go . explore . it 's the freedom theyre 's pay ’to , see . . they do not wanna see some jackass play .a. song they have heatd eighteen hundred time before . though if you make a live at it more power to you . the cane whacks llewyn 's shoulder again . i | here , this wouldiinterest you . there be this act I see in montreux switzerlarid — bass , piano , and sound tree — — llewyn Mr. Turner I be wonder . roland Turner huh ? - would that cane fit all the way up you ass or would a litt ! i i ] } | llewyn t bit stay stick out ? roland Turner okay . okay . except threat and intimidation will not work ! with I and do you want to know why ? this would interest you . I study santeria and certain other thing that square like you would call the black art , due to lack of i i roland Turner stare at he . | | 69 understanding , from chano pozzo in New Orleans . you say you will mess I up ? I do not have to make that childish threat , I just do my thing . I do my thing and one day you wake up wonder why do I have this pain in my side ? I stretch and I eat right and I take warm bath but it just will not go away , this pain , why be that ? or maybe it will not even be that specific , depend , maybe it 's just why be nothing go right for I ? do not matter what I do , it just will not come out , I just can not make anything come out right . my life be a big bowl of shit . I do not remember make this big , bowl of shit . and meantime , roland Turner be somewhere a thousand mile away laugh he ass off . thats what happen . a beat . think about that , elwyn . in this car , bad : manners will not work . you turn to pay for gas . gas station roland Turner be herky - jerk away into the background , johnny five be once again in the.driver 's séat , llewyn in the passenger seat . llewyn 's look shift from the recede jazzman to johnny five . llewyn bum a cigarette ? johnny five I be out . roland Turner recede : clack-clack .. . clack -clack . . . later Tire chirp as the car pull out of the station . inside roland Turner asleep , drool . 70 llewyn , in the passenger seat , be look at : johnny five drive . a cigarette burn on he lower lip . llewyn you a musician ? a faint smile curl johnny five 's lip . after a beat : johnny five tact . llewyn ..- in talky ? later same drive configuration . roland Turner still asleep . the cigarette from he lip and stub it out . he exhales smoke . 4 | j i | we seem to have catch johnny five in a long beat between thought , e shrug , pull his eye remain on the road as he speak . . johnny five willowwall Carnival . also . a beat . another.lo beat stare at the road . | | | the : brig . Three week on that show . coulda be more . cop | close it . { a beat while llewyn wait for he to elaborate , but he do not . llewyn fos llewyn how come ? 73 he hoist himself with a grunt and clack away across the nearly desert restaurant . llewyn at the register the cash register 's ring - open hit the cut . a waitress take llewyn 's cash and make change . llewyn how far be we from Chicago ? waitress Three hour . a little more , this weather . table johnny five sit alone , elbow on table and hand . up ; extend thumb propped against he temple and burn cigarette wedge between two finger . he stare with a quizzical expression at the book he once again read . his mouth hang open . llewyn be arrive back at the table . he drop some change on the tabletop . johnny five ha ha - ha ha hat with he eye still onthe book , johnny five 's mirth mellow into a smile . the smile slowly fade . his mouth once .again hang open as he read on . llewyn look at the empty throw of restaurant . men 's room llewyn enter . a clean , empty , fairly high - ceiling bathroom with a long row of urinal and a long row of stall . roland Turner 's leg be visible beneath the door of one the nearer stall . mindful of privacy , llewyn go a few stall over and bump its door open . 74 inside the stall llewyn lower himself into close shot . he sit for a beat , wait for thing to develop . his eye idly shift . his look catch on something : | grafitti on the partition wall : what be you do ! llewyn gaze at it . there be the sound of slithering fabric end with a flop - thump that echoe on the tile , licwyn frown . he start to rise . bathroom llewyn emerge from he stall and goés'to the other occupy stall . roland Turner be partly visible lie on the floor . part of a arm be visible : coat off , sleeve push up , hose wrap . { he be face - up head toward we so that the top half of he face be visible . hf be unconscious , eye roll up ; ' sheen with sweat . he twitches . door bang it atthe cut . roland Turner be twitching more violently . llewyn I llewyn reenter the bathroom lead johnny five . ' i } you stay with he , I will call a ambulance . i johnny five , unconcern , flick the match with which he have light a fresh cigarette . 75 johnny five Nah , he 's fine . he go for the body . grab he stick . restaurant johnny five have one of roland Turner 's arm drape over he shoulder and be help he — all but haul he — toward the door . llewyn follow with he cane . car johnny five be ease roland Turner into the back seat . the displace cat walk circle around the part of the seat still unoccupy . llewyn dump in the cane with a clatter , the door be slam shut , drive johnny five gaze out , drive orie-hand , cigarette on he lip . his free ’hand fiddle the radio knob , very intermittent headlight - bys , accompany by the whoosh of tire on wet asphalt . whine static hiss into music as johnny find a live station . the thud of we car 's wheel on road seam . llewyn ease he head back against the headrest . johnny five start hum along with a pop song . fade out picture and SOUND in black : a silent beat break by a sharp thwack - thwack : metal against glass . | Close on llewyn open he eye , i the car be park . it be still night . llewyn look to he leave : johnny five be also stir . past he , a sweep of light end with : another shwack : a flashlight rapping against the driver 's window . 7 johnny roll it down . we view from the passenger 's sideicrops : the head of the leather - jackete cop stand outside . 5 the wheel of a pass car whoosh by behind the cop : we -are lower than the roadbed , pull off on a shoulder . { the cop shine he light into johnny five 's face . i Voice '' what be you do . { johnny five recoil from the. light : | i! ' johnny five { what : . we be just — | I eat Voice '' €a not ’stop here . | | johnny five i + 1 just pull over to rest a minute . Voice be you inebriated ? llewyn he 's not drunk . the cop briefly dip he head and shine the flashlight in at llewyn . 77 cop I do not ask you . you , get out of the car . johnny five me? cop you . get out of the car . johnny five open the door , get out . cop c’mere . the cop grab he by the upper arm . I want you to walk this — from llewyn 's point - of -view : johnny five shake the hand off ; the two torso be take by a twirl of white light as the flashlight be - drop . a confusion of body part as the officer regrab johnny and johnny violently swing he arm away . johnny 's body be spun and slam into the car chest - first . llewyn recoil at the impact . johnny 's arm be be twisted béhind he back . he be yank away . llewyn 's look follow , view half - obscure by car body and sleep roland Turner in the back seat . johnny be frogma rched , hand cuffed behind he back , toward and past the headlight of a car park behind . ' its : slowly turn gumball light sketchily show the cop open the back door , put he hand on top of johnny 's head to sit he in , then climb in front . after a beat the siren fire up and the police car lurch into gear and bump up onto the toad , spitting shoulder gravel . it hang a hard u-turn . Red tail light grow smaller . the siren recede . llewyn 's look shift from back window to back seat . roland Turner sleep on , breathe softly , sweat lightly . the disturb cat walk back and forth on the seat . 78 the whoosh of another car-by . llewyn 's look wander forward . i the ignition : no key . llewyn look around , not for anything in particular . he shake he head | a still beat , think . he decide . he open he door , get out , close the door . { he open the back door , get out he guitar and bag , hesitates . # the cat be seat now , look up at he . beat . llewyn close the door . he mount the shoulder to the road . ! i ! sparse traffic both way . headlights hit he from front , from back . thet backlight show he breath vaporize , '' he take a few step in the direction the park car be point , glance back . his point- of-view : the car , a toppy view since it sit on a low shoulder . Dark inside . back to llewyn . a few more step . a car be approach : he walk backwards , stick out he ' thumb . black fade in : outlying chicago a — a Dawn . Wide : a car pull over on a highway shoulder . llewyn emerge , pull hig guitar and bag j from the back seat . ' t 79 down from the shoulder a little ditch separate highway from broad weedy verge . further still be a service road and on ita cta bus terminus : fence - in lot with a bus shelter outside of it . wind blow . the verge be patch with old snow . the car pull away and llewyn go down the shoulder , wade into the grass clogging the ditch , try to hop and jump over the lowest point . we hear a liquid squush . llewyn goddamnit . he come grimace up the other side . goddamn . shit. fuck. he look down at shoe and cuff , soak through . goddamn piss , he crunch across crust snow patch toward the bus stop . bus interior . llewyn be one of two passenger : in the park bus . suddenly its 'public address 's sound . the driver , talk into he handset , say something about the route unintelligible through the PA . the other passenger sit read a newspaper , not listen . the driver muscle the door shut and put the bus in motion . later through the window at llewyn . the bus be now crowded . the window reflection show downtown Chicago . | | 80 chock full o° nut counter | walla and dish -clatter bang in at the cut . i beyond he be the morning - rush customer — all man , all in suit , some in overcoat , we be on a side - on long - lens close - up of llewyn . he have a cup of = stack up foreground body part of more man in suit . cut down to llewyn 's foot . he have slip one shoe off and be now will he wet stockinge toe to pry off the other shoe so that he foot can dry . | i up to llewyn drink coffee . back down to he foot again , both stockinge now , they relax . onto 's the tlaise footrest whose black ribbed - rubber surface be itself wet and filthy , ' the foot draw back , nudge the shoe into place so that they may rest upon they : ' the waitress come by . waitress } more coffee ? '' | llewyn i thanks . | phone book { one of a pai of very thiék book bound in pebble black posterboard , share a pivot rod . the one : be swing up to flop open in the middle . llewyn be .at the public phone in the coffeeshop . he flip page . we : see he find the list . in bold face that distinguish it from the liding for private residence : gate of horn . i | llewyn dial . | it ring through . | i | 81 as llewyn listen to it ring he copy the street address onto the front of he newspaper . several ring . he hang up . counter llewyn sit back in . the counter be now nearly empty waitress we be switch over . llewyn huh ? waitress we be switch over to lunch service . and my shift be up . can you pay the ticket ? STREET : llewyn walk , guitar over he back ; : one hand carry bag , the other clutching he corduroy jacket close xat he ieck . ibis blow hard . clock echoing interior . : a big institutional clock : 12:15 . llewyn sit into frame side - on , onto a tall - back wooden bench , eye up at the clock . he lean he head back against the wooden back , close he eye . after a beat a commuter sit into frame in the foreground . commuter you hear that about the South Bend train ? llewyn open he eye . wh llewyn at ? commuter you hear that announcement ? how long be it delay ? llewyn no . do not know . the man rise and leave . i llewyn close he eye again . ing at -llewyni 4a moment of Soft , in the background , a man in a blue uniform be lo 's sharper but head cropping out hesitation , then he walk toward we and llewyn , gro 's the top of frame . cop 's Voice i what train you wait for ? { liewy n 's eye open again . he look for a wordless beat , | ) another prompt : get a ticket ? i a beat of llewyn 's sullen stare . i gate of horn '' its exterior sign . below the name of the club : i folk Music i Jazz charcoal Sandwiches it be late afternoon . llewyn go to the front door and try it . it be lock . he rattles it , then drop he bag and cup he hand at the window to : try to see in . he step back , look to either side . back of club there be a stage door . llewyn push on it : it give . interior club the house be dark . llewyn have enter from just off a little stage . llewyn hello ? there be a office door ajar in back . a young man stick he head out . man hello ? llewyn be Bud grossman here ? man be not in yet . the person disappear back into the office , llewyn look around , a little lose . he project : . llewyn can I wait here ? from inside the office : Voice sure . maybe a hour , later llewyn have one of the chair down off a table and he guitar out and be play , idling . 83 the scrape of the stage door . llewyn stop play . Bud grossman enter , stamp off snow . he have a nice coat . he walk toward the back , past llewyn , notice he but not interested . | llewyn , perhaps wait for Bud grossman to speak first , now watch he pass and disappear into the back office . murmur of voice . llewyn lean the guitar against the table , pick up he bag and go 'to t he office door . Bud grossman and the young man we see earlier look up from they cor\ersation , llewyn Mr. grossman ? a beat . Bud grossman yeah ? llewyn I , uh. I be llewyn Davis . a beat , i , Bud grossman uh-huh . , va llewyn I be sorry — do you know who I be ? Bud grossman no . llewyn mel novikoff send you my record , maybe a month ago , '' Inside llewyn Davis '' — Bud grossman oh , you be with mel ? 84 85 llewyn yeah , I be in Chicago — just pass through , uh — do you like the record ? Bud grossman do not know . do not get it . llewyn dig in he bag . llewyn here it be , this be it anyway . it 's , here it be . Bud grossman take it , look at it , that 's five dollar . Bud grossman do not react . he look up from the record , llewyn hold he look for a beat . ... T be joke , Bud grossman uh-huh . a beat . liewyn well , I be interested in maybe gig here but also in : obtain management . — Bud grossman get any money out of mel ? llewyn not , uh . . . not , uh — Bud grossman yeah I will bet . the faintest smile fade , he shrug . okay . let 's hear something . llewyn - ... you do not want to listen to the record ? Bud grossman why should I , you be here . play I something . he look down at the record . play I something from . . . Inside llewyn Davis . llewyn okay . here ? stage ? Bud grossman i not here . | a mintue later ! onstage , guitar in one hand , llewyn swing a chair into . place with the other . he sit , put the guitar on he knee . , Bud grossman sit near the front ‘of the tostly - dark house . llewyn look at he , look at the guitar . a beat . i llewyn '' '' okay . 4 he play . he finish the song . i 5 he look ut at Bud grossman . Bud grossman have yet to show any reaction , to anything . a good beat , and then : : Bud grossman I do not see a lot of money here . 1 86 87 llewyn keep éye contact and do not display emotion either . at length : llewyn okay . another beat . Bud grossman do not get up ; neither do llewyn . okay . that 's it ? Bud grossman shrug a what else would there be ? Bud grossman you be okay . you be not green . llewyn nod at the compliment , such as it be . he hesitates ; then : llewyn but I do not have what , say , Troy Nelson have , for the first time , Bud grossman seem pleasantly interested : Bud grossman you know Troy ?* oe llewyn yeah . Bud grossman good kid . ( nod thoughtfully ) good kid . llewyn rise . Bud grossman continue : - +. yeah , he connect with people . Bud grossman watch llewyn stow he guitar . look , I be put together a trio . two guy and a girl singer . you be no front guy but if you can grow a goatee , stay out of the sun , we might see how you voice work with the other two . comfortable with harmony ? llewyn no . yes , but , no . I - have a partner . Bud grossman uh-huh , well that make sense . my suggestion ? get ba¢k together . : llewyn that 's good advice . thank you Mr. grossman . { | snow -patched verge the bus terminal be in the background . a very low , very weak ; brayed - qut sun hang at the horizon . the wind blow hard . : llewyn be negotiate the ditch , come toward the foreground highway} guitar across he back and bag in hand . i i same place several minute later . now dusk : some ambient light but the car all have headli ights on . it hasistart to snow . a car pull over to where llewyn stand with he thumb out . a crew - cut college - age youth lean over to roll dowir the passénger window and look up at he . | ay wes youth '' ' where 's you go ? t : . llewyn New York . youth '' '' I man , that 's great ! I be go home to New Jersey , I have | not sleep — you drive , right ? llewyn yeah . youth well as long as you drive and let I sleep , we can do it al the way , man ! put you cello in back . $ * 89 llewyn open the back door to stow he gear . the youth unstrap he seatbelt and slide over to the passenger side . . you be not gonna try to talk to I ? llewyn no . just show I the knob for the windshield wiper . full night a point-of-view : heavier snow swirl into headlight and stick soft and : dark to the foreground windshield . the wiper , beat a soporific thid - thud , take ' it away . passenger seat : the crew - cut youth , asleep . regular , heavy breathe . llewyn drive . bedraggle . llewyn look around the dash , locate , and reach . the radio go on . the tuner be thumbed through static hiss . come through it , finally , distant music . knob-fiddle cannot make.clear . more explore . Radio off . llewyn blink himself more awate . '' he reset ‘to something he see : hing point-of-view : of appréach 's sign : it mark the turnoff for Cleveland . liewyn 's head turn - as he track . the sign . his eye shift in the direction of the sign 's arrow . ' e a glow through the snow of distant city light . back to llewyn . his eye hold on the ghost of the city for a brief beat , then shift back forward . he drive . fade out later still snow . as he drive llewyn sing , half aloud , '' lady of Spain . '' a glance over at : the youth , still sleep deeply . a look back forward — and a startle reaction : 90 almost as soon as we see it , movement in the headlight be lose below tile hood . Impact thud . squeal of brake . 3 llewyn rock forward at the hard brake and so do the youth , who then ; flop back . his deep breathe continue undisturbed , llewyn take a wide - eye moment , he look around through the back window , nothing be visible outside except dimly fall snow . llewyn open he door , exterior Driver 's side headlight in the foreground . blood on the bumper . '' | { llewyn be walk into the foreground to look . a look beat . he recety into the background . he stand behind the idling : car , look at the highway behind . no traffic , peaceful , dark , fall snow . nothing visible on the road . llewyn 's 100 k travel . ' something catch he eye . Movement , perhaps thirty yard back , off the shoulder : a smal ] animal ? llewyn squint against snow , 1 a badger - or ferret -size creature be haul itself haltingly toward the wood that line the highway . before we get a good look at it , it disappear into the dark : of the tree . t 91 on llewyn , look . car interior llewyn sit in . the engine rumble in park . the wiper thud . the youth breathes in and out . after a beat , llewyn put the car in gear . exterior lock -down : the car pull away from we , into the background . tail light recede , leave we in fall ' snow . subway car loud train clatter bang in at the cut , no time of day : we.are underground . llewyn sit in a mostly empty car , still with guitar and bag , and still — judge by he unrelieve haggard look — sleepless . close onillewyn asleep early morning — somewhere . llewyn emetge from peaceful sleep . he roll onto he back , look up . Cottage - cheese ceiling , underlit by light leak around a curtain . llewyn rise to a elbow , look around , orient himself . _ achild 's room . he be in a child 's bed . a plastic red-frame something on the nightstand at he elbow : he pick it up . a etch -a-sketch . written on it in the spidery way permit by the delice : welcome uncle llewyn exterior Morning . llewyn emerge from he sister 's queen house . great hall cut in with a crash of echoing walla . it be the interior hall 'of a once - grand beaux - art institution go to seed . llewyn sit at the batter wooden desk of a aging man who seem more work - class than bureaucrat . | man | no you cannot . | llewyn | why ? '' man } ya not on the rosta . ; be a llewyn well , okay : €an you put I on the roster ? q man '' I ? : no I cannot . { llewyn | why ? man ' why ya think ? | 1 llewyn I do not know . because I be a communist . 93 the man , suddenly less bored , glance around and then lean in , voice lower : man shachmanite ? llewyn what ? man ( ‘my mistake '' ) Nah , no . it be not that . y’ai not current . ° llewyn I be not current . man that 's another way of puttin it . llewyn be that a nautical term ? man y’ai not current , on ya due ; .. pay ya due , ya go back on the rosta , I can ship . ya out . ss a post on the maid of the Gate , seanian first class} weigh anchor this Friday 6 pm . llewyn be look in he wallet . i | llewyn the money , what I owe , can not they take it out of , whatever , the first week ? I can not run out on it , I be in you fuck sardine can . man yeah , they do not do that . ya gotta be current to ship out . llewyn finish thumbing through he wallet . llewyn okay . wow . I just make it . [ be leave naked , man . clean start . can I pay you ? man | 94 yeah . I will write yaa receipt . and the pier and ship number , and the time . still get ya Masters mate and pilot license , right ? ai not shippin out without that . / llewyn yeah , I get it . 1 { man | okay . here it be . '' llewyn Davis . '' ya not Hugh 's kid ya ? llewyn why not . i ocean look out at gray ocean and gray sky . wave beat , weaklyagainst foreground rocky shore . . a building : a hulk brick institutional building face the water . over 'a rectilinear portico be the building 's name : Landfall : : inside a card set into a metal frame on : atile wall , next to a interior door . below the card be a glass display box . on the card , in marker , two name : Hugh Davis John corsicatto x aré little personal memento and snapshot . some of the photo show a 1.a 's wweater with a grandson , and with grandson and Joy and a man presumably _ Joy 's husband . there be also a ship -in- the-bottle inside the display box , and a few '' greeting card . from off , the sound of a door be push open . inside room as llewyn enter with guitar case . 95 llewyn hiya . Hugh Davis sit by the window , not look out . he do look up at llewyn 's entrance . the other occupant of the room , on the bed further from the window , be mostly hide by a curtain : on a ceiling ring . we see only . he slipper foot . llewyn set : down he guitar and swing a chair around to face he father . .-. how 's it go . no answer , but none , it seem , be expect . ... take off , pop . wo not see you for a while , shipping out . his father 's look rest upon he , not with much expression . a beat of look at each other . llewyn rise , not uncomfortable , to look out the rib-height window . ... try something new . he look out for a beat . see mean , something old . his point- of-view : parking lot , some marshy grass , ocean . he shrug , look out . he sit back down . . .. how 's it go . the old man' eye have follow he back and forth . llewyn lean forward to unclasp the guitar case . he withdraw the guitar . ... okay , here 's this . you use to like this . he limber he finger briefly , then play , and sing , '' lady of Spain . '' '' 96 the old man watch he sing . once , even , he eye shift to look at the guitar finger . '' second verse . the old man 's eye shift , dreamily , to the window . they hold there fora long beat , then return to llewyn as the song finish , the last chord be hold , and ring out . the two man look at each other , lose , it seem , in the music as it i away . a long beat , and then , from llewyn , softly : : .. wow . another silent beat , and a more definite : . wow . he look briefly at John corsicatto , then back at he father . he ealize he still hold the guitar and stir , learis : forward : to lay it gently in its case , and rise , ' well hallway Wide , look the length of the hall with . sun : glaring on the linoleum and streaking the tile wall . llewyn emerge from he father 's room small , in the background , without the guitar . emerge fully into the hall he stop , and look briefly up and down its length . he walk toward we , head turn to look into the room he pass . we jump in ' oit ' his wailk as he check to the side , and then stop : a young : black orderly be make a bed in a empty room . llewyn Excuse I . the man look up . +». can I ... trouble you ... my father , uh , have a accident and uh . . . might need some help . . . he need to be clean . 97 queen house llewyn enter with he guitar . his sister be in the kitchen at the stove , and a six - year - old sit eat at the table . Joy how be he ? llewyn he 's great . good to see what I have to look forward to . Joy what. llewyn . llewyn no , I be not kiddin . I have get it all figure out now . put in some hard year , yeah , but eventually ya get to kick back , you food bring to ya , do not ¢ven have to get up to shit . Joy llewyn ! Danny be sit right here ! . licwyn I be sorry . 7 Joy what 'is wrong with you ! shame on you ! llewyn | 1 be sorry . it be good to see he . it be great . where would i you put - my file box . . Joy ! huh ? llewyn from the house , where 's my file box ? she stare at he , i Joy you tell I to throw everything out . 98 he stare back . I llewyn ; all the old stuff ! fuck , Joy , you throw out my file box ? i Joy llewyn ! : llewyn i yeah , no cursing , except now I gotta go back to the fuckihg union hall ! it have my Masters mate and pilot license , | Jesus Christ , Joy ! : i she come close so that Danny will not hear . a fierce whisper : ; i Joy . 1 you tell I to put it out by the curb . it 's what I do . I want you to leave . get outta heah : angry , not apologetic : llewyn fuck . yeah . I know , I be adick , right ? Joy that 's right . llewyn look at the eat child : llewyn Danny , you uncle 's a bad man . . Danny 4 okay . '' foyer . directory the , familiar glass - cover tenant list , show berkey 6c . a finger enter to buzz . filter : Jean hello ? wider on the foyer as llewyn , guitar on back and bag in hand , lean in to a round mesh grill : llewyn it 's llewyn do not hang up | do not wanna stay , I just need a place to dump my stuff please I be tired of drag it all around with I . upstair : as Jean let : llewyn into the apartment . she indicate where the bag may be stow : Jean under the couch . where you gorina stay ? llewyn I do not know , I only need two night , there must be someone in the five borough who be not piss at I . how do you feel ? Jean Fine . why ? llewyn I be sorry . so it go okay ? i Jean 's I be do it Saturday , Jesus llewyn , you do not even fuck remember ? llewyn oh , yeah , boy . I have be away — seem like a long time but I guess it be only a couple day , yeah . yeah . sorry . Jean where be you ? llewyn Chicago . 100 Jean why ? i he shake he head , grope . llewyn Nah , nothin . Jean 1 Nick will , let you play tomorrow , pick up a couple buck . | llewyn no he will not , I be there less than a month ago . : i Jean he will . [ ask he . llewyn : ; ty of you . , but I be out , I be t'marine ! well . thank you , that be ni¢ do . go back to the merchan Jean what ? that 's it ? ( he shrug ) this could be good for you , tomorrow . llewyn : play the gaslight for - the four-hundredth time ? really ? for the fuck basket ? 4 '' Jean um , , you 'd'hiave to split the basket , there 's another act . { ( llewyn laugh ) but the Times be gonna be there . : llewyn ' Big fuckin deal ! I be sorry — thanks for the think . it 's | not go anywhere , and I be tired . Jean you be tired . llewyn I be so fuck tired . | think I just need a night 's sleep but it 's more than that . but thank you . for try . I love you . 101 this get a genuine laugh from Jean . . Jean oh come on . low shot llewyn in the union hall . llewyn be you shitting I ? a different old geezer than in the first visit . man in what way , buddy ? llewyn eighty - five dollar . to replace the license . man you do not row out the licerise . that 's the one thing you keep . llewyn I can not — where be . ] gonna . .. fuhhh ... well. .. lemme get this money back then . . . he be digging in he pocket . I keep this fuck thing . I just pay my due this morning , , ahundre and forty - eight buck , here 's the receipt . man huh ? you do not . . . we do not pay you due back . wuddya nut ? llewyn 1 just pay it this morning ! four hour ago ! } man ' yeah ? 102 llewyn i wait wait wait wait — you be say I can not crew the ship , and I can not get this money back ? t the geezer shrug , look at the receipt . man this be money you owed you union . . . say , you Hugh Davis 's kid ? | llewyn po yeah . . { man : how 's he doin ? : t llewyn. : : he 's fuck great ! matter of fact he 's be 's ask after you ! the gaslight Three irishman in aran Island sweatét be perform traditional music ; the house be full and : some people wateh lean back against the bar . liewyn be the only person seat at the bar and face it , glower , a drink in he fist . Nick porco sit in , sqtieezing llewyn 's shoulder . aan Nick hey . we gonna hear you tomorrow . llewyn ( no warmth ) I guess you be . Nick well — ya welcome . ( no answer ) wuddya think a this guy ? llewyn swivel , drink still in hand , and look darkly at the stage . 103 at length : llewyn I like the sweater . Nick stare at the stage also , mouth open , nodd . at length : | Nick ya know , you would not fuckin believe the rent here . this folk shit , I do not know . both man stare at the stage . --+ you know any comic ? a beat . llewyn only you , Nick . wo . ( after a beat gaze at 2 phical ) Comics , they do not look like much , . most of ' they . Jews , by and large . lookin like that + [ guessiyi gotta xbe furiny . some a the folk act on the otha hand ; .ya gotta give 7e be they look good . they look good at least : Jim and jeari we get a good crowd . you know why , ; llewyn ? a lotta this guy , a lot of them come in here | catch the act because — they wanna fuck Jean . be why they ' come in . and some of them . some of this guy , llewyn , they come in here causé they wanna fuck jim ! heh heh heh ! they wanna fuck Jim , know what I mean ? llewyn you mean they wanna fuck Jim . : Nick . exactly ! ( he nod ) exactly . well. ( sigh ) I ... I have | only fuck Jean . the irish trio 's song , and set , be end , to applause . Nick 's line have bring llewyn 's look around from the stage . 104 llewyn i huh ? ' Nick be thumping he hand together for the trio . Nick : oh yeah . oh yeah . ya know . ya wanna play the gaslight ... . Nick shrug . ! llewyn 's look darken further , and swing back to the stage . : llewyn huh. yoo4 irish Singer : : thank you lady and gentleman ; thank you '. :: thank you Nick porco , and let 's all give a great big welcome to Elizabeth hobby , from elinora , Arkansas ! a older woman smile thanks as she take the stage with a autoharp . she have stringy blond hair and a gaunt face and frame , and she smile , though warm , show that she be miss a tooth or two . Elizabeth hobby ; thank you lady and gentleman . yer so nice , thank you . this be my first show in New York — i llewyn bellow : ° llewyn how would ya get the gig , Betty ? a few : uncomprehend titter from the house . Elizabeth hobby , flustered , shade she eye . i Elizabeth hobby . +» hello ? llewyn , with a significant look to Nick , point a finger at the woman onstage and cock he head to pose a question . : 105 Nick porco laugh . ie Nick aw c'mon llewyn , gimme a little credit . Elizabeth hobby I be gonna do a song , it 's like most of the song I do , it 's a ' song I grow up with . she start play and sing . llewyn where 's you heybale ! look and shush from other customer , ... where 's you corncob pipe ! . ya wear gingham panty ? show we you panty ! Nick '' c'mon llewyn . it 's enough . he shake off Nick 's hand . llewyn _ uhate fuck folk music . Nick motion to the. bartender , ' Nick , okay Eddie . we might need Bob . : . llewyn fuck Bob ! fuck you , Nick ! front of the gaslight Wide on the front of the club as llewyn stumble out , under impetus from the bartender and another man . there be the beginning of a line for the second set . llewyn glare at the onlooker , and , as he start to wander off : 106 llewyn : the show be bullshit . Three mick and grandma mose . ; STREET a phone booth see in wide shot , wind blow , traffic go by . { llewyn be a small figure in the booth , not on the phone but look ' down motionless , study something hold in one hand . é we jump in as he reach for it with he other hand : he open address turn the page , linger for a moment , turn again . : t apartment door swinging OPEN Mitch gorfein beam out , Mitch llewyn , come on in ! lillian be make she famous ) tabouleh salad ! llewyn thanks , Mitch . ereally ' appreciate this , after last time . I just can not tell you : how sorry I — os Mitch ok forget it ! we all get a little emotional over Mike : it com : it in different way . he have such life . such a one talent . 's it 's a big hole . a big hole . llewyn yeah . uh-huh . Mitch how long '! you be with we ? llewyn just a day or two , if it 's okay . just until I figure out the next , um . . . the next — 9 107 Mitch this be arlen and dodi gamble . this be llewyn Davis , we folksinger friend . arlen know Jim berkey . arlen you be Jim and Jean 's friend ! ' . llewyn well — sort of — charlayne Jim play we a press of that record — '' please , Mr. Kennedy . '' it be hysterical . i i arlen _ so funny ! that 's gonna be a hit , man . royalty on that , | it 's gonna pay out for a long time . llewyn stare , then nod , blankly . : llewyn ) > ub-buh , charlayne T wish I be in you business — one hit can fix you up ! llewyn uh. yeah , i— lillian '' . llewyn ! she enter , beam , bear a large bowl that she hastily place on the table so as to be able to hug llewyn . llewyn hi lillian . lillian I be so sorry I upset you — llewyn no no ! — you be apologize to I ? Jesus , lillian , I —holy 108 shit ! he break the embrace , look off . a white Persian cat have trotted in , -.. well — that 's good . you get a new cat . Mitch . ; no . . i lillian : he come home , i she scoops the cat up , i t Mitch he find he way back , : lillian : the doorman hear something scratch yesterday morning . : Mitch 4 early morning . wee hour . lillian see ? she be hold the cat up , belly out , by its forepaw , + + . it 's Ulysses , llewyn‘logks frditi ' the cat 's scrotum to lillian , llewyn it 's what ? lillian Ulysses . llewyn I do not , uh . . . that 's its name ? 109 later llewyn plop down onto the study couch . light be off . the apartment be quiet . he dig into pocket to empty they onto the nightstand . coin and token trom one pocket . his wallet from another . he poke through the bill compartment : six dollar . he shake he head , dump it on the nightstand . later still Close on lléwyn , eye close , on he back , the regular breathe of deep sleep . after a long 's beat : a soft thud and a '' huh ! '' of surprise from llewyn as he body tense and he eye fly open . after a moment to register where he be , he look down he body . Close on the cat , stand on he chest , look back at he , purring loudly . next morning look down the dim hall towards ' the less dim study . llewyn 's head peek out . i llewyn hello ? no answer . he emerge to walk down the hallway in he undy . common hallway outside the apartment door . llewyn emerge , dress , and take care with one foot to keep the cat hemmed in the apartment as ‘he exit . 110 STREET llewyn be walk . after a beat he attention be catch by something to - one side . he slow , look , and stop . . his point-of-view : a illustration of a housecat . on either side of it be a dog . the three pet be out in the wild . llewyn look . wider point- of-view : the illustration be a poster in a movie- theater lightbox , the : theater not yet open . i it be a poster for the incredible journey . the tag line promise ' 4 . fantastic true -life Drama . as llewyn stare , music fade in : llewyn himself , perfotm '' I have be all around this World . '' club the music be a pre-lap of llewyn in the gaslight , spotlit as at the beginning of the movie . he finish the song to applause , : llewyn thank 'you . you ? have probably hear that one before , but what the hell . . . he rise to go but dip back into the mike : ... if it be never new , and it never get old , then it 's a folk song . as the applause abate something catch llewyn 's attention : Nick porco nod llewyn over . he be broadly smile . Nick Boy you be some mess last night . 11 llewyn yeah , sorry , Nick . I be a asshole . Nick oh I do not give a shit , T even agree about the music . funny to hear you say it though . liewyn yeah , ’ma funny guy . '' Nick s'very true . anyway , someone want to see you out back . whe ? llewyn 10 ? Nick guy in a suit ? a clatter offscreen attract llewyn attention : backlit in the smoky spotlight a young : man with a dutch - boy cap and a guitar and a harmonica on a rack be just sit down on . the stool onstage . he blow a couple time on the harmonica . back alley the steel dogr ‘of the club swing open and llewyn emerge . the man wait against the wall : : i j man ' you a funny boy , huh ? | llewyn . what ? the man toss he cigarette away and push himself off the wall . man , have to open ya big mouth , funny boy ? llewyn 112 have to — what ? it 's what I do . for a live . who be — man what ya do ? make fun a folk up there . folk up there sangin ? llewyn I be sorry , what ? I be —oof ! the man have just sock he in the mouth . man you sit there in the audience last night yellin yer crap ? llewyn be hold he mouth . llewyn oh for Christ 's sake . you yell stuff ; it 's a show . man ai not a fuckin fag show ! he hit he again . ... be not you show ! he hit he again and llewyn go down in the slush of the alleyway . . llewyn it 's not the opera ; jackass ! he kick . llewyn'curls into a defensive ball and bellow from behind protective forearm : llewyn it 's a fuck baskethouse ! the man kick again . man we leavin this fuckin cesspool . you kin have it , smartass . more kick . 113 yellin yer crap when my wife be up there tryin to sing ! and there be a record man there ya fuckin fag ! I take she home eryin ! as the kick and llewyn 's reaction abate , we can hear the performer inside the club . it be Bob Dylan perform '' I be Young when I Left Home . '' the man be stride down the alley . llewyn stay ball up for a long moment . once he be certain no more kick be come , he begin , slowly and painfully , to straighten out , explore tender place with one hand . . the man have disappear around the alley corner . llewyn rise experimentally to a crouch , straighten a little more . he take a few uneven step toward the mouth of the alley , one hand brush the wall for balance . near the mouth of the alley he sink back down to seat position , back against the wall , look down the street in the direction the man exite . the mar be halfway down the block . he raise he hand and whistle down a oncoming cab . he climb in . after a short beat , the cab start move again . as it pass the mouth of the alley , llewyn touch two finger to he forehead in salute . llewyn au revoir . i the cab be ppt its tail light recede . cut to black |