insidious written by leigh whannell the universe be deathless ; be deathless because , have no finite self , it stay infinite . a sound man by not advance himself stay the further ahead of himself , by not confine himself to himself , sustain himself outside himself . -- laozi 2 . fade in int . darkened bedroom - night a spherical black monolith rise up from a white surface ... white like the moon . in the darkness , the tower metal skin be barely visible . we rotate around , revealing the tower to actually be a lamp -- not rise up from a surface , but hang down from a white ceiling . the bulb unlit . directly below the lamp be the very definition of innocence - a sleep child . chest rise and fall with each breath . we hover over the young boy ... watch he . a blanket emblazon with dinosaur be drape across he limb . his mouth be slack , eyelid twitching to dream unseen . the truly deep sleep that a adult can only wish for . we move away from he , explore the dark room . strewn with toy . the door be slightly ajar . we float through it into -- int . corridor - continuous -- a long hallway . even darker than the bedroom . and without the boy rhythmic breathe , even quieter . a window at the end of the hall enlarge as we approach . someone be stand in front of it . the murky silhouette of the figure turn and walk away . we follow it , tentative . turn a corner , we see the figure . stand in a doorway . now we can make out the edge of the person . it be a old woman . Hair in a victorian bun . a corset dress . she stare at we . woman let I in . CUT to : open title play out to the shrill scream of George crumb 's ` Black angel I : night of the electric insect ' . 3. int . bedroom - night eye flick open . a woman blink awake , gaze around the room . another bedroom . sparse . just a bed and a cabinet . it be 5.43 am . her eye settle on the man lie next to she in the dark . his heaving snore have wake she up . she be renai ( pronounce Renee ) lambert ( 36 ) . with a quiet determination she be hold on to she youthful good look , but the line of age be creep in . she have settle into the `comfort ' year of a marriage : hair pin up messily , wear dowdy pajamas . she behold she husband , take he in . consider he . he snort and smack he lip . very unflatter . she climb out of bed . int . live room , lambert home - night High ceiling . expose beam . Spanish style window . renai tread across wooden floorboard into a sink live room . no matter careful she be , there be a loud creak with each step . a grandfather clock in the corner tick steadily . there be barely any furniture in here , only a bookcase and a piano . what there be a lot of ... be box . large move box . renai plop cross-legged onto the floor and rip open one of the box , mark book . she pluck out a handful of book and line they up on the bookshelf . then another handful . they be all self - help and self - improvement book . titles like `be the better you ' and ` inch by inch , it 's a cinch : a guide to achieve you goal ' pop out . she spot a seal box label photo album . she strip away the tape and wrestle out a dusty album of wedding photo . smiling face greet she as she thumb through the page . the happy couple . young. glow . sadness wash over she . voice ( o.s. ) Mom ? she snap out of it and turn to see dalton lambert ( 8 ) . her son . he approach she , rub he eye . ( it be not the boy we see in the open scene . ) 4. renai what be you do up , kiddo ? dalton I do not like my room . renai you will get use to it . it 's only you first night . he climb into she lap . she bite on he ear playfully . renai ( cont 'd ) argh , I be go to eat you . dalton what be you look at ? renai just some photo . dalton what photo ? she heft another album from the box , pry it open . a photo of a grin young girl greet they , hair in pigtail . renai do you know who that be ? dalton no . renai that 's I . dalton it do not look like you . renai I know . I be so happy there . but it 's I . when I be you age . I be a kid once too , you know . dalton no , you be not . renai burst out laugh . she be famous for she big laugh . renai thanks . maybe you be right ... I do not remember be this person at all . I hope she smile like that all the time , whoever she be . 5 . she size up she son . the live embodiment of the photo . renai ( cont 'd ) this be a terrible thing to admit , dalton , but sometimes I get jealous of you . that you be so young . that you have not make any of you decision yet . dalton I do not wanna grow old . renai well , it start happen to we from the moment we be bear . she point to the hand on the grandfather clock . renai ( cont 'd ) every time that clock tick , we all get a little bit older . she turn the page in the photo album , see a old man . renai ( cont 'd ) that 's you grandpa . you would not remember he . dalton he smell like smoke . renai yeah ... good memory . he do smoke that god awful pipe , do not he ? dalton show I a picture of dad when he be a little kid . renai I do not even know if we have any . he 's hopeless with keep photo . dalton show I a picture of I when I be a little kid . renai you picture be all in the computer . nobody keep photo album like this anymore , they be ancient relic . they should . I like be able to touch something , instead of it float around in cyber world . if the laptop break , you whole existence be erase . 6 . dalton what be I like when I be a little kid ? renai you be a little kid . she kiss he on the forehead and stare into he eye . renai ( cont 'd ) if only you know what I know . we hear a baby cry off screen . renai ( cont 'd ) you certainly do not cry as much as you little sister do . come on . int . kitchen , lambert home - morning Chaos . box of dinnerware have not be unpack yet and it be turn the usual morning routine into a nightmare . renai be on the phone as she kid buzz around a kitchen island at top speed , create a high - energy , manic pace in the room . renai ( into phone ) billing department . her son foster ( 6 ) , tug on she leg , hold a box of cereal . foster I need a bowl , mom . renai rip open a box , rifling through newspaper , phone wedge against she shoulder . she hold out a cup , flustered . renai billing department . foster it 's too small . renai make it work . ( into phone ) speak to a agent . speak to a agent . speak to a agent . Foster slump on the floor , pour cereal and overflow milk into the cup . a baby girl in a high chair , cali ( 2 ) , squeal . 7. int . bathroom , lambert home - morning josh lambert ( 37 ) gape into the mirror , face cover in soap . he wash it off . now he 's awake we see that he be a handsome , clean - cut guy - a former high school nerd who get revenge by grow into he body . he sort through a box label josh' bathroom STUFF . he take out two bottle - toner and moisturizer . he dab the toner on , then smooth the moisturizer into he forehead and around he eye . he suddenly notice a grey hair . look mortify . josh ( Michael corleone voice ) every time I think I have pull you out ... you grow back in . he pluck it out , wince melodramatically . josh ( cont 'd ) ouch ! int . kitchen , lambert home - morning josh stride in , tie hang open around he neck . renai be still on the phone . josh point to he tie . renai well , I would like to keep the old number if I could . ( to josh ) you really need to learn how to do this , honey . she thread the tie into a knot for he . josh ( to foster ) do not eat on the floor , buddy . Foster stay where he be , slurping cereal from the cup . dalton be play a handheld videogame . intensely focus . renai ( into phone ) okay , well , please let I know by the end of today , I have to give the number out . thank you . 8. she hang up , piss . renai ( cont 'd ) Foster , get up . now . Foster frown and obey . josh ( to renai ) how come you be up so early ? be cali cry ? renai you wake I up . josh what do you mean ? renai you be snore . josh no I be not . renai yes you be . josh I do not snore . renai yes you do . josh my father snore . I do not snore . renai how would you know what you do ? you be asleep . renai march out of the room . dalton 's game unit beep loudly and he pump he fist . dalton yes ! I make it to the last level ! invisiworld ! ever amiable , josh high five 's he son . josh good one , champ . ( beat ) I do not snore , do I ? 9 . int . live room , lambert home - continuous renai see that all the book she unpack earlier be now scattered across the floor of the live room . renai where be my bleep pill ? int . kitchen , lambert home - continuous renai charge in . josh snatch a apple out of a fruit bowl , bite into it . he quickly gag and spit it out into the sink . josh what the heck be this ? Wax ?! renai yes . josh let I get this straight - we have no actual fruit but we have wax fruit ? renai yes . josh that be dangerous . it could kill one of we kid . renai where be my pill , josh ? josh probably where you leave they , renai . she find they on the counter , snatching they up . josh ( cont 'd ) see . renai that 's not where I leave they . dalton Mom , I need my lunch . renai oh , geez . look , just ... take last night 's dinner . 10 . she open the fridge . it be bare except for a box of sushi . dalton Sushi ? aw , that 's weirdo food . renai it 's all we have . just for today , honey . josh check it first , dalton . it 's probably make out of styrofoam . renai ( to dalton ) and while I have get you , if you be go to look at my book , please do not leave they all over the floor . dalton I do not touch you book . josh streak past , kissing renai on the cheek . josh I gotta go . renai be you take the boy to school ? josh no time . renai well can you pick they up after school ? josh not today . renai but I have stuff I want to ... she trail off . he 's go . Foster burp . loudly . foster can I have another cup , mom ? int . classroom , forrester high school - day noisy student settle into they desk . Inner city kid , mostly Hispanic . 11 . josh be they teacher , scribbling on the blackboard . one student , a lanky boy , alanso ( 16 ) , hover near the door . josh alanso , please sit down . alanso no entiendo . josh siéntate , por favor . alanso take a seat . josh be have trouble get control . josh ( cont 'd ) come on guy , quieten down . a pretty girl in the front , teri , be annoyed at the class . teri you better all shut up . she command respect . they do . except for one kid . the one kid just cos you be in love . josh thank you , teri . today we be go to talk about darwin . it 's a city in Australia , but it 's also the last name of which famous naturalist ? male student # 1 Charles darwin . josh correct . do anybody know what he be famous for ? male student # 1 he say that people descend from monkey . josh half right . he write a seminal book that explain he theory on natural selection , and how the different species on this planet - include human - evolve . alanso I know I do not evolve from no monkey . shit . 12 . everyone laugh . josh human actually have a lot in common with monkey , or more specifically , chimpanzee . alanso maybe you do , but I be create in the image of my dios . he take a gold cross hang on a necklace out of he shirt , kissing it and hold it up . that get another laugh . josh I respect you right to believe that , alanso . but I want to give you all possible theory . I want this class to go out into the world with a inform opinion . alanso the theory be incorrect , Mr. lambert . josh how can it be incorrect ? it 's a theory . a scientific theory . alanso yeah , well , science be bullshit . we do not get here cos of no test - tube . josh alanso , if you keep talk like that I be go to ask you to visit the principal . alanso Fine . he get up and leave as the class jeer and boos . int . live room , lambert home - day peace and quiet at last . renai grope in behind the bookcase , pluck a hide jewelry box free . she pinch a cigarette out of it and light it . she sit down at she piano , feel the key , warming she finger up . sunlight stream in through the window . she take out a notebook , fill with scribble handwrite . 13 . she place the notebook on the sheetstand , then set a small , mechanical metronome in motion and begin tapping out a sombre melody in time with it . renai ( singing ) yeah , I be look west , always be look that way , gonna get it all happen , just can not do it today ... she stop and make a note in she book . she start over , rise to the emotion of the song . she 's get a good voice . renai ( cont 'd ) ( singing ) yeah , I be look west , always be look that way , I be gonna be somebody , I just can not be she today -- she be interrupt by the tinny sound of a baby cry . she stop play and look over at a baby monitor , the source of the noise . renai deflate , she shoulder sagging in defeat . she close she notebook and leave the room . int . cali be nursery - day renai scoops up cali , rock she gently . a scratch sound interrupt . Rough . frantic . like a dog paw at something . int . hallway - continuous renai step into the hall , curious . she can still hear it . she follow the sound to a door . grab the door handle . the sound abruptly cease . int . basement - continuous the door whine open and stab a blade of light onto a set of stair that descend into a gloomy basement . renai stand at the top of the stair , squinting into the inky blackness , strain to see . she reach up and yank a light chain , illuminate a bare bulb and throw light across the tenebrous space . 14 . the basement be large and completely bare . clean out . renai take a step down . she be still carry cali . further down below she , we see that there be one step that be crack and break . she take another step . the break step be right below she now . one more step and she will fall . cali squeal happily . renai pause ... then turn around , head back up the stair . stop when she see something . deep , violent scratch mark ... run downward on the inside of the door ... as if someone be try to claw they way out . ext . lambert home - night a Spanish - style home . very pretty . this be not the suburb . more of a inner city neighborhood . there 's history here . josh pull into the driveway of he new house in he subaru . int . live room , lambert home - night the house almost look liveable . Foster be watch loud , zany cartoon on tv . cali be in a high chair . renai be fold box . she have unpack most of the live room and be very tired . josh amble in , see the work renai have do . josh look at this . Nice job . Foster bolt over and crash into he dad leg , hugging he . josh ( cont 'd ) whoa , buddy . slow down . renai josh , where 's the box of my lamp ? josh I do not know . they should be here . we pack they up . renai yeah , I pack they . they be not here . 15 . josh I remember the mover bring they in and put they right there . renai ( passive aggressive ) well , they be not here . I would know , I have be unpack this stuff all day . int . corridor , lambert home - night dalton wander the hall , sport a red superhero cape and carry a plastic , glow light - sabre toy . he reach a door . the basement door . he pull it open . int . basement - night dalton hold up he light - sabre , the glow allow he to make out the murky corner of the basement below . he take a step down the stair . then another step . the break step be right below he . he step again -- -- and fall . flail forward , tumble down the step , all the way to the bottom . his light sabre shatter . he hit the ground , he head smack the floor . all be dark . int . live room - night josh sit with Foster , zone out in front of the dron tv . int . basement - night pitch black . daze , dalton sit up . his head be cut and bleed . he be alone in the dark . he stare into the corner of the surround cell . his eye adjust , make out a shape . a shadow . 16 . int . live room - same time josh and renai look up as the quiet be shattered by a scream . they spring into action , scramble to they foot . renai dalton ? where be you ? he do not answer . just keep scream . int . basement - night renai and josh whip the door open , glaring into the basement from the top of the stair . renai dalton ? dalton be crumpled at the bottom of the step , sobbing , he red cape gather around he . renai flick the light on . her and josh scamper down the step , prop dalton up . josh what happen ? dalton I fall . renai dalton , you have to be careful . you should not be come down here in the dark . josh where do you hurt the most ? dalton my knee and my head . I can not stand up . josh lift he to he foot . a severely graze knee be dot with blood . he 's okay . josh you scared we , champ . josh carry he up the stair as he suck in sob . renai glance around the basement , she eye landing on the lone object that reside in it . 17 . she frown . it be not there when she see the basement last . it be a box . one of she large , cardboard move box . it be mark lamp . int . dalton' bedroom - night dalton be lie in bed , a band - aid slap across he forehead . renai tuck he in , josh stand over he . josh you be lucky you do not need stitches . renai if I catch you fall down the stair again I be gonna break you neck . dalton that do not make sense . there be dozen of picture tack to the wall , all draw by dalton . josh tap one ; a draw of dalton fly through the night sky , wear he cape . dalton ( cont 'd ) you might be a superhero but you be not invincible . be more careful , bud . renai kiss he and get up . renai sleep tight , honey . they wave goodbye and turn out the light . int . master bedroom - night renai flop into bed beside josh , exhaust . josh we have gotta lock that door . renai he 's such a boy . he go off explore . sometimes I wanna keep he on one of that child leash . josh why bother with a child leash ? I will stop at the pet store tomorrow . 18 . she laugh and cuddle up to he , rest she head on he chest . renai I be sorry I be pissy when you get home . I be try to work on a song today and then cali wake up and would not stop cry ... josh I do not even notice . renai I feel guilty for want my own time . josh it 's normal to want you own time . renai be it ? my mother give up everything for I . I keep wait for the completely selfless parent gene to kick in , but I be exactly the same person I be when I be 22 , only now I be marry with kid . josh you be a great mother . renai no , I be not . they like you so much better than I . josh that 's not true . renai you be the cool dad who come home with present and I be the one who yell at they all day . josh now you be be crazy . they love you . at least you get to connect with they . I work so much . renai believe I , you be they hero . they try to play we off against each other . they be master manipulator . I guess they really be my kid . josh laugh . a lull settles over they . 19 . renai ( cont 'd ) be this it , josh ? josh be this so bad ? she do not answer . they sit in silence for a long beat . renai thank you for let I take some time off to work on my music again . josh we will get by . I want you to do it . renai there 's a couple of song ... I mean not all of they , but there 's a couple of they that I think be really good . and I think , maybe I could do something with they . josh I love all you song . they kiss . int . live room - night it be 3am . all the remoteness of that hour be present here ... we can feel it . as still and quiet as deep space . int . kitchen - night the formerly bustling kitchen be now a museum at midnight . int . hallway - night a long , dark thoroughfare . a tick clock its only occupant . int . basement - night stair swallow up by darkness . the groan of settling wood . int . foster' bedroom - night the soft breathe of a sleep child . 20 . int . cali be nursery - night hanging toy bird dangle over the baby , tinkling in a breeze . int . dalton' bedroom - night dalton be sleep too . impossibly still . lying on he back . int . master bedroom - night renai and josh be entwine together . josh be snore . they be both blissfully asleep ... ... for now . int . kitchen - morning another day , another chaotic breakfast . Foster wave a stuff toy around . josh charge in , bit of tissue on he face from shave cut . cali flail she arm in she high chair . renai be at the sink , whisk egg . renai Foster , sit down honey . she whip a look around . renai ( cont 'd ) where be ...? hey josh , could you go wake up dalton ? we follow josh as he march down the corridor to dalton 's bedroom , poke he head inside . int . dalton' bedroom - continuous josh knock on the wall . josh time to get up , my man . come on . nothing from dalton . he do not even stir . josh roll he eye and walk in . nudge dalton with he knee . josh ( cont 'd ) you be make I look bad here . outta bed before you mother come in and kill both of we . 21 . nothing . he 's really out . josh reach down and shake dalton vigorously . josh ( cont 'd ) dalton , get up . you have gotta get ready for school . josh wait for a response , but none come . dalton be as slack as a puppet . something resembling concern cross josh 's face . josh ( cont 'd ) dalton ...? he kneel down , shaking dalton hard . he listen for breathe . josh ( cont 'd ) dalton ? dalton ?! dalton !! his scream take we into -- int . hospital room , icu unit - day -- the stern sterility of a hospital . josh and renai , eye line by dark circle , stand in front of a dour neurologist , dr . joel sercarz ( 46 ) . renai dab she eye with a tissue . they be red with tear . Beyond a window in front of they , lie on a gurney in a icu chamber , be the unconscious body of dalton . dr . sercarz okay ... as of yet , we test have not draw any conclusive answer for you . repeated blood and csf culture be normal , make a infective origin highly unlikely . test for lyme disease and repeat polymerase chain reaction be negative . systemic vasculitis be rule out . dalton remain in a areactive coma without focal sign or abnormal brainstem reflex . josh and renai struggle to follow the cold , multi-syllable medical terminology ... like strand tourist keep up with a foreign language . dr . sercarz ( cont 'd ) we have look for bacterial pathogen like meningoencephalitis , but have not see anything . ( more ) 22 . dr . sercarz ( cont 'd ) I would not say we have exhaust every single angle ... but we be close . the underlying cause be still unknown . josh and renai look in at they boy . dr . sercarz ( cont 'd ) the good news be that he 's breathe without the use of a mechanical apparatus , and there be no lesion or hemorrhages in any of the ct scan . josh so ... there 's no brain damage or ...? dr . sercarz none that we have detect . technically , he 's in a coma . he do not respond to stimulus , he have no sleep - wake cycle , but there 's no brain trauma or infection . his scan be normal . to be honest , I have never see anything like it . josh that fall he take ... I mean , it look like he hit he head pretty hard . dr . sercarz we definitely exhaust that possibility , but it be always doubtful . the cut be superficial , there be not even a skull fracture . renai he can not just not wake up ... there 's get to be something ... renai sob , tear stream down she face . josh look like a deer in the headlight . stun dumb . sercarz clear he throat . this part of the job be not he specialty . dr . sercarz I be sorry . josh so what do we do now ? do he stay here ? dr . sercarz we will conduct some further testing , but beyond that ... I really do not know . 23 . his pager go off . he check it . dr . sercarz ( cont 'd ) Excuse I for a minute . I have to step out . a nurse will be with you in just a moment . he leave quickly . josh and renai press on the glass , separate in body and spirit from they son . fade to black . superimpose title : two month later int . dalton' bedroom , lambert home - day a ghastly meld of hospital room and young boy bedroom . dalton lie on he bed , a heart rate monitor hook to he chest . iv tube run into he arm , a nasogastric feed tube into he mouth . a young nurse , adele chalfin ( 30 ) , check the various tube as renai watch on . adele be you have any more trouble with the feed tube ? renai look break , the life drain from she . a wilted flower . she shake she head , she voice a low rasp . renai ( barely audible ) it 's okay . adele alright , well I will be back soon . I will bring some new book . you be probably sick of the one you have . renai do he respond to any of the test ? Adele pause . adele no ...no , he do not . but we have to give it time . I have see coma patient with a much longer inactivity time suddenly start make noise . 24 . renai he 's not in a coma , remember ? they do not know what to call it . they do not know what to do with he so they have give up . adele no , they have not . we be go to figure it out . Adele hug she , then exit . renai slump down on a chair next to she son . the heart rate monitor ping . dalton be as still as a statue . int . corridor - day renai shuffles down the corridor . she pass a bedroom door , then stop and double back , push it open and go into -- int . cali be nursery - continuous -- the baby room . she stare into the crib ... at she other sleep baby . she set the baby monitor and walk out softly . int . live room - day renai slump in front of she piano . tap one of the key . she play a discordant melody of low note with one hand , not present enough to hear it . she stop and bury she face in she hand . then she hear it . whisper . it 's so low you would miss it if the house be not absolutely silent . renai look up , scan for the source of the murmur . it be come from the baby monitor . confused , renai pick up the monitor , turn up the volume all the way up . the hissssssss of static fill the room . she press she ear to the device , then hear it again - a hushed whisper , almost indistinct from the static save for the whistle of sibilant . 25 . voice ( from monitor ) they see we ... all of we ... we have to be quick ... this life beg we to come back . the whisper trail off .... more static ... voice ( cont 'd ) ( from monitor ) noooooooooooo !!!!!! renai drop the baby monitor , leaping out of she skin at the sound of the scream . nerves fry . the monitor smashes on the floor . all be quiet . renai move to the door , stare down the corridor at the door to cali 's nursery . it be open only a crack . she hear cry . cali be cry . we follow she as she bolt towards the nursery , smash through the door , eye fill with terror , see -- -- nothing . int . nursery - continuous renai stalk into the room . the room be empty , save for cali , cry in she crib . renai' eye land on the closet . angle from inside the closet through a slight crack , we see renai approach . breath quivering . her hand reach out . she fling the door open . it be empty . int . kitchen - night the family be eat . it 's very quiet . Foster keep he eye down as he parent eat in silence . suddenly cali break the quiet , squealing happily . cali dadda ! josh look up , smile . amaze . 26 . josh she say dad ... neither renai nor Foster even look up . int . foster' bedroom - night a bedside lamp give off a jaundice glow . renai gather up scattered toy from the floor , relocate they to a desktop cover in beaker and lab equipment . Foster lie in bed beneath a large chart of the solar system . renai stop clean when she find a certificate , crumpled next to a school bag . it say in recognition of science skill , awarded to foster lambert on 3/14/10 . renai what 's this ? foster a award . renai that 's today 's date . you get this today ? Foster nod meekly . renai ( cont 'd ) why do not you tell we , honey ? she sit on the edge of he bed . he stare at the wall . she stroke he hair . renai ( cont 'd ) I know it 's hard right now . but thing will get better . I promise . Foster nod . renai ( cont 'd ) I be go to show this to you dad . she plant a kiss he forehead and stand up . foster I be scared , mom . renai scare of what ? 27 . foster dalton . renai sit back down . renai we be all scared . it 's normal to be scared for he . but we can not give up -- foster why do I have to sleep so close to he ? can not I change room ? renai why would you wanna change room ? Foster swallow . foster I do not know . renai stare at she son . she kiss he again . renai you brother need you . goodnight honey . int . master bedroom - night josh lie in bed , read Foster 's award . renai be beside he . renai something happen today . I do not want to tell you in front of Foster . josh what ? renai I hear something come from cali 's room . a man 's voice . on the baby monitor ... it scared the hell outta I . I go in there and no one be there . josh could it have be interference ? renai I do not know . it be so clear . I be sit at the piano and I hear this ... whisper on the baby monitor . so I hold my ear up to it -- 28 . suddenly - a noise interrupt . a arrhythmic knocking sound , like a drunk pound on a tavern door after close . it be the front door . josh who the hell be that ? josh know it 's he job to check , but he do not want to . josh ( cont 'd ) stay here . he get up . int . front door - night josh approach the front door , flashlight in hand . he peer through curtain at the front step . it 's too dark to see anything . josh hello ? who 's there ? only the wind reply . he aim the flashlight at the glass , shine it into the thick darkness . there be no one on the front step . josh press the flashlight against the window , arcing the beam across he front garden . leans in close to the glass ... and then -- nothing . there 's no one there . he make sure the door be lock , then flip open a security system panel on the wall , peck at the button on it . int . master bedroom - night renai sit up in bed , listen . hear nothing ... ... until the low moan of a baby cry float out of the baby monitor . renai hurl the sheet aside . int . corridor - night renai pad down the hall , tentative . 29 . she reach the open door to cali 's room . see the silhouette of josh stand over cali 's crib . exhales with relief . renai who be it , josh ? josh appear at the opposite end of the hallway . josh what do you say ? renai scream as the silhouette recede into the shadow . renai there 's someone in there ! she run towards josh . renai ( cont 'd ) there 's someone in cali 's room ! josh bolt down the hall , flick on the light , terrify . the nursery be empty . cali be sleep . terrify , josh enter the room . scan around . only toy and colorful wallpaper . he step in further . he 's not cut out for this . shrieeeeeeeeeeekkkk !!!!!! shrieeeeeeeeeeeeeek !!!!! the house alarm scream to deafen life , shave a few year off josh 's life in the process . he jolt , whipping around . josh ( to renai ) grab cali and Foster ! josh charge down the hall into the -- int . live room - continuous -- snatching up a fire poker from the fireplace and continue -- int . front door - continuous -- to the front door , which be swinging open . holding the fire poker aloft , josh scan the area . renai race past , carry cali and drag Foster behind she . they barrel toward dalton 's room . 30 . int . kitchen - continuous josh scan the kitchen . it be empty . the alarm wail in the background . int . corridor - continuous josh inch he way up the hall , hand shaking . int . dalton' bedroom - continuous renai hold Foster and cali close to she . dalton be lie behind they . directly across from dalton 's room be the laundry . the door be ajar , offer a view into the darken room beyond . renai see something in the dark ... a figure . a boy . it look like dalton . he reach out to renai-- -- until another hand ...a pale hand ... reach across and shut the laundry door , sealing the boy off from she view . renai josh ! the laundry ! int . laundry - same time josh bolt up the hall , panicked . he reach the laundry door , grab the handle . hesitates . he propel the door open with a shove , flick on the light . the room be empty . no window , no door for escape ... just a wash machine and a dryer . ext . lambert home - night a home security officer trudge down the step of the house . renai , josh , Foster and cali all stand outside in they pajamas , shiver in the frigid night air . security officer there 's no one in there , it 's all clear . if someone be there , they be go now . 31 . renai step away from the child , out of they earshot . renai I see somebody . security officer maybe it be a shadow ...? renai no . it be not a shadow , it be a man . he be tall , and he long , greasy hair . he be wear a grey jacket . he look right at I . security officer well , like I say ... he 's go now . renai look to the other . see only disbely face . int . gymnasium , forrester high school - day josh 's student scuffle about on stadium seating , arrange themselves for a CLASS photo . they be not do a great job . a male photographer do he best to compose they , not do a great job of hide he bitterness about the fact that he 's shoot school photo instead of vanity Fair spread . photographer okay , face the front lady and gentleman ... come on ... hold still ... ( mutter to himself ) I be try to record the peak of you pathetic life here . josh stand off to the side , lose in he own thought . tire . photographer ( cont 'd ) Mr. lambert , would you like to step in please ? josh snap out of he own head . josh uh ... what ? photographer could you step in so that we can take the photo ? quickly please . josh just take it without I . 32 . photographer we need you in the photo , sir . josh no , you do not . just take the damn photo without I , okay ? the class settles down , shocked by the outburst . chasten , the photographer turn to the class , grip the camera trigger . photographer I can not believe this be my life . ( beat ; to class ) ready kid ? say asshole teacher ! int . gymnasium , forrester high school - later the student file out of the gym . josh sit in the bleacher , head bury in he hand . alanso ( o.s. ) I hear thing . josh look up , see alanso . josh what ? alanso I spend so much time in the office , I hear thing . I hear about you son . I be sorry . josh thank you , alanso . alanso Times like this ... people realize that science do not have all the answer . there be a higher force at work . josh I wish I have you belief . thing would be a lot simpler . alanso thing be simple . you just can not see it . put you faith in him . he place he gold cross necklace in josh 's hand , then leave . josh watch he go , then take out he cell phone . 33 . josh ( into phone ) hey ... I just find out I have to stay back tonight and finish off mid-term grade . it could be a while , there 's a lot to go through . do not wait up . bye . ext . park - night josh sit on a park bench , stare into the distance . he take out a flask of whisky , swigging from it . int . master bedroom - night renai lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . alone . int . kitchen - night renai shuffles in , pour herself a glass of water . then she hear it . a low mutter . it be come from dalton 's room . int . corridor - night unnerve , renai peer through the open door . josh be sit beside dalton 's bed , read to he . josh the man all walk down to the water edge ... and they stand there and ask the beast to come forth . and the beast roar back " no ! " . and so they dive in after it ... ext . lambert home in the sunlight , the house look like a happy place . int . dalton' bedroom - day dalton 's face be a picture of serenity . a new day - shift nurse , kelly ( 29 ) , check on he feed tube . renai watch from the doorway . kelly you okay ? 34 . renai yeah . kelly I be go to head off for a hour or so . be you alright here ? renai of course . anything from dalton ? kelly no. I be sorry . renai nod . her eye brim with tear . the crack be show . kelly ( cont 'd ) keep provide he with stimulus . I have see it work time and time again . read to he . even if you be do something else , you can play he music that he like . do not give up . she throw a scarf over she shoulder and stand . renai I will not , I just ... I have not sleep much the last couple of night . I feel like the universe be try to see how far I can bend before I break . kelly the universe pick a fight with the wrong chick . renai thanks , Kelly . you be a saint . kelly no , I be not . I be do my job . I choose to be here . you do not choose any of this . you be the strong one . int . live room - day renai survey the live room . it be a total mess . int . bathroom - day Water cascade out of a faucet . steam rise from the water . 35 . renai let bath salt fall into the tub . she almost look relaxed just smell they . she start to undress , then turn -- -- and yelp in fright . a person be stand behind the distort glass window , stare in at she . the shape of the person 's head and shoulder can clearly be see , but the glass be too opaque to make out any feature . renai slip , grab the sink . when she glance up , the figure be go . tremble , renai open the window . very , very slowly . it be fifteen foot off the ground , with a sheer drop below it . ext . lambert home - night renai sit on the front step , alone . it be late . she look somehow tired and wire at the same time . smoke a cigarette . josh pull in . fumble out of he car , tipsy . josh what be you do up ? renai it 's midnight , josh . josh when do you start smoking ? renai you have be come home late every single night . you have never have to do that in all of the year you have be at the school . now all of a sudden you have to stay back late ? josh I do not like it either , but I be grade test . what choice do I have ? we have gotta pay dalton 's bill . renai you mother be pay dalton 's bill , josh . I know because she remind I every chance she get . 36 . josh Jesus , I can not win with you . that 's my son in there too , not just yours ! he pace , the anger sober he . josh ( cont 'd ) I have always feel like less than good enough for you . I feel it every time you mention we bill . that subtle voice that say `ca not you get a job that pay more than a teacher ' ? and now I can not even look at you without feel it . renai you be project that onto I . you have write a entire story about I be how I be feel without once ask I how I be feel . josh I do not need to ask . I know you . renai I be lose my mind here in this house , josh . I be scared and I need you and you be not here . where be you ? josh I tell you , I be grade test . renai I do not mean that . I mean you be not here . with I . in this situation . you be avoid it , like you do anything stressful , whether it 's this or a parking ticket . josh Christ , I should have stay at the school . renai there you go again . renai stand up and walk inside the house . the door close . int . live room - night josh toss a pillow onto the couch , set himself up for the night . he curl up on it , pull a blanket over himself . 37 . int . corridor - night the witching hour . still. quiet ... save for the omnipresent clock . int . dalton' bedroom - night dalton be as still as we have see he . and then ... he twitches . a slight facial twitch , but we see it . int . live room - night josh snooze , head arched at a bad angle . his back will regret sleep on this couch . int . master bedroom - night renai toss and turn , restless in sleep . her eye open and she suck in a breath . bad dream . she blink and look around the room , surprised to be alone , sit up in fright . until she remember why . she ease back onto the bed . then she look over at the window . there be a man stand outside it . he be not look in at she ... he be pace back and forth , furiously smoking a cigarette . back and forth , back and forth . agitate . he have long , black , greasy hair and a grey jacket . every muscle in renai 's body freeze . she become a glacier . her eye be drill to the man , unable to move . by sheer will , she manage to direct they towards the bedroom door . open she mouth but no word will come . finally -- renai jo ....osh .... josh .... josh ... she glance back at the window . the man be now in the room . he pace back and forth between the bed and the window , just as he be outside , ignore renai . smoke like a fiend . and then , suddenly , he stop pace . look up . straight at renai - as if just realize she be there . 38 . for a moment they eye be lock in silence ... ... and then the man 's face contort in anger and he charge towards she , arm outstretch , growling in fury . man don't you fucking dare ! renai let out a shriek of terror that could strip paint . a cry from the depth of she soul . she propel herself backward , fall off the bed and scramble back into the corner . josh charge into the room , flick on the light -- -- see only renai , huddle in the corner , scream . josh what be it ? what be it ?! renai be incoherent . she can not stop scream . josh grab she by the shoulder . josh ( cont 'd ) renai , what be wrong ?! renai the man -- he be there -- he try to -- there be a man there !!! Foster run into the room , visibly terrify . he see he mother and instantly begin cry . he run to he dad , hold onto he leg . in the background , cali begin cry , she scream contribute to a overwhelming din . josh there 's no one here . renai I see somebody ! josh there 's no one here . renai do not you dare not believe I ! josh I believe you , okay ? I just do not know what you want I to do . 39 . renai I want you to tell I that we can leave this house . I will not spend one more night here . I wanna leave , I wanna go ! foster I do not want the man to get I . the realization that she child be terrify quiet renai . all be suddenly silent , save for the cry of cali in the background . josh hold he son tight . josh you be okay , buddy . I have get you . he and renai exchange a look . renai I be sorry . ( beat ) I can not ... I want to leave this house . I can not be here anymore . josh to move now would be ... we would have to rent somewhere . it 's not -- renai please , josh . a agreement pass between they . fade to black . ext . suburban house - day a move truck be park outside a average suburban home . mover mill about , haul box and couch . int . live room , new house - day renai unpack box . a elderly woman , lorraine ( 65 ) , help to unpack . this be josh 's mother . she have a curt , disapprove manner about she that do not always make she easy to love . she be actually move more quickly than renai , who groan as if she back be aching as she stoops down to pick up book . 40 . renai lorraine , you should not have to do any of this . sit down . lorraine nonsense . I be perfectly capable of put a few thing away . I do it for josh he whole life . he never be good with tidy up . renai I know , but I just feel so bad . lorraine I think it 's you who should be sit down by the look of it . she boost a photo frame from one of the box . it be a portrait of renai , dalton , Foster and josh . in happier time . lorraine seem take aback by it . lorraine ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you get josh to sit still for a photo . renai recline against the wall , surveying she new live room . her new new house . renai I can not believe we be do all this again , that 's what I can not believe . ( beat ; look at she ) I know you think I be crazy . lorraine stop unpack and fix renai with a stare . they have never really get along before . adversity have bring about a truce . lorraine nobody - not I , not anybody - know what you be go through right now . whatever you have to do to get through it , do it . and never apologize for it . renai hug she . it 's a new thing for they and a bit awkward . int . doctor' office - day dr . bryce trimble ( 52 ) sit opposite renai and josh . spread out in front of he be a series of X - Ray , label dalton lambert . his office be big and expensive . 41 . renai look hopeful . josh look like a shell of a man . renai we just wanna say ... thank you so much . for help we out with this , doctor . we can not tell you how much it mean to have you involved . dr . trimble I be glad to help . ( beat ) unfortunately ... this recent test have prove inconclusive . there 's absolutely nothing abnormal here . josh and renai deflate . josh so ... if you be the top of the food chain with this stuff , where do that leave we ? dr . trimble I do not know . there be a research team in Boston who specialize in a new form of treatment . they try to stimulate the patient brain with electric pulse . it have a good success rate with victim of brain injury . we could try that . renai so there 's hope ? dr . trimble there be more thing we can try . ( beat ) the hope part be up to you . int . dalton' bedroom , new house - day renai sit beside dalton . stare at he . she run she finger through he hair , touch he skin . int . live room , new house - day a needle touch a lp . the pop and crackle of record hiss spit forth , follow by the lilt guitar strum of ` tip toe through the tulip ' . the quavering falsetto of tiny Tim accompany the guitar . 42 . tiny tim ( v.o . ) ( from record ) tip - toe by the window , by the window , that be where I will be ... renai walk away and we follow she down the hall into -- int . foster' bedroom , new house - continuous -- a mess as only a child can make . renai pick up a plate and a fork and knife from the floor . she walk out and we don't CUT , tracking with she -- int . hallway , new house - continuous -- back down the hall , towards the kitchen . the record continue warbling in the background . tiny tim ( from record ) oh tip -toe , from the garden , by the garden , of the willow tree ... renai pass the live room . what she do not see be the child stand in the middle of the room , face the record player . the boy be dress in clothes from another time , but child 's clothes just the same . he be dance awkwardly , shifting he weight from one foot to foot the other sheepishly , as if try it for the first time . renai keep walk and we stay with she as she move past the child , follow she into the -- int . kitchen - continuous -- mess of the kitchen . she set the plate down in the sink , on top of a stack of other dirty dish . with a sigh she run the hot water over the dish . with a sudden pop , the record start skip . bump...bump...bump ... 43. renai shut off the water , head back to the live room . int . live room - continuous she march in , annoyed . then freeze . her bookshelf be empty . the book that once sit on it be now scattered across the floor . bump...bump...bump ... renai scan the book . then she hear it ... giggle . she pivot she head towards the darken hallway . there , she see a child , hide in shadow , stand in the hall . stare at she . bump...bump...bump ... renai do not move . do not breathe . and then suddenly , the child turn and run down the hall , disappear into dalton 's bedroom . renai oh my God , dalton...no ... summon every ounce of strength , renai troops down the hall towards dalton 's room . int . dalton' bedroom - day renai push the door open . dalton lie in the center of the room on he gurney . the only sound be he breathe . renai survey the room . it be empty . bump...bump...bump ... she step inside , glance over at a cabinet . in the foot - high space beneath it , a small white shoe protrude slightly . 44 . a child 's shoe . heart pound , renai bend down , peer into the darkness under the cabinet . bump...bump...bump ... the shoe do not have a foot in it . it be simply a discard shoe . there be no one under the cabinet . bang !!! BA G the cabinet door explode open as the child burst out , giggle . only we see that it be not a child . it be a dwarf . a man in child 's clothing . the dwarf run past renai as she leap back . he run out of the room , giggle . all be quiet again . bump...bump...bump ... renai get up , unsure of what to do . numb with terror . suddenly -- the record pitch back to life , the volume startling . renai jolt , fall backwards . int . classroom , forrester high school - night a darken class room . a older janitor , ned ( 68 ) , shoulder the door open , carry a mop . he start when he see josh , sit at he desk in the pale light of a desk lamp . alone . ned josh ... do not see you there . josh sorry to scare you . ned what be you up to this late ? josh hold up he flask of whisky . he 's a bit souse . josh where do all the bartender who listen to you trouble go , ned ? ned nod sagely . he set down he mop and grab a chair , sit in front of josh with a sigh . he take the flask . 45 . ned never drink alone . if you take the dirty joke out of drunkenness , all you be leave with be the self loathing . he downs a hit from the flask , then hand it back . josh I do not need whisky for that . ned bah . you people think too much . use to be , if life throw a shitstorm at you , you would grab the nearest umbrella . you generation would spend a day google what brand to buy . josh laugh despite himself . josh I probably would too . ( beat ; take a drink ) it 's funny , I have always know I be the type of person that thing do not happen to . I make peace with it . I think to myself , it 's okay - I will never win the lottery or climb mount everest ... but I will never get a rare tropical blood disease either . it work out . ( beat ) now I be the guy whose son be in a mysterious coma . ned thing happen to everybody . even to good people like you . and they be gonna keep happen the older you get , believe I . no use sittin ' in the dark drinkin ' over it . go home . be with you wife . tell she you what 's on you mind . he take the flask and have another swig . ned ( cont 'd ) there sure as hell be not any umbrella `round here . ext . new house - night josh pull up to the house . turn off the car . 46 . a old cadillac be sit in the driveway . josh clamber out of he car and peer in through the window of the cadillac , quizzical . int . live room , new house - night renai be huddle on the couch in the live room , grip she knee to she chest . a man be sit next to she ; a handsome , soft -spoken Anglican priest , father nathanson ( 40 ) . josh enter . there be subtle change in he coordination and speech from the booze . josh this be the first line of a joke . guy come home to find he wife with a priest ... Father nathanson stand , as do renai . renai josh , this be liam nathanson . a very old friend of mine . father nathanson Nice to meet you . I have hear a lot about you . josh can not say I have hear the same , liam . at least I know you be not sleep with she . lorraine ( o.s. ) do not be rude , josh . josh turn to see he mother , hold a tray of tea . he frown . josh what be go on here ? father nathanson I should be go . thank you so much for the tea . renai thanks , liam . he clear he throat and exit , quickly and quietly . josh okay , would anyone mind tell I what the hell be go on here ? 47 . lorraine please sit down , joshua . josh " joshua ? " oh Jesus ... lorraine sit down . josh the melodramatic way in which you two be conduct yourselves right now be scare the shit out of I , so just tell I what 's wrong . lorraine nothing be wrong . we want to talk . josh nobody ask you to sit down unless something be wrong . if a doctor call you into he office and ask you to sit down , you be fuck . renai there 's no use , lorraine . he 's be drink . josh I have not be drink . not enough that we can not talk to each other , renai . and do not judge I in that bitchy tone , okay ? renai ( to lorraine ) he would never speak to I like that before . josh Christ . you be act like I be some lush who come home and beat you with a belt . at least I be speak to you . you suddenly have to speak to a priest . or my mother who , up until a couple of week ago , you could not stand . renai you be a asshole . lorraine you wife need you . now sit down and listen to she . I will not ask you again . 48 . josh obey . his mother tone can still shut he up . lorraine ( cont 'd ) go on , renai . tell he . renai this ... thing that be in the other house . it follow we . josh shift in he seat . agitate . lorraine let she speak . renai I see someone again today . in the house . it look like a young boy . I follow it into dalton 's room ... but it be not a child . ( beat ) this thing be here . I know it . josh so ... what ? you call in a priest to get rid of it ? renai I do not know what else to do . josh be you kid I ? ( to lorraine ) be this you idea ? renai no . it be mine . josh you have never be to a church in you life . now you be invite a priest into we home ? I feel like I do not even know you right now . renai I be scared . josh this be a fantasy , and you need a therapist , not a member of the clergy . renai ( to lorraine ) I tell you ... 49 . lorraine what 's happen to renai be real . I have see it for myself . ( beat ) I come here today because last night I have a dream about this place . int . kitchen , new house - night we be floating through the corridor , look through lorraine 's Pov . we be inside she dream . lorraine ( v.o . ) I be in this house ... but it be late at night . the Pov keep move , out of the kitchen and into the hall . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I try to be quiet . I do not want to wake anybody . I be afraid . the Pov float down the hall , reach a door . the door open , revealing josh and renai , sleep . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I look into you bedroom . you be both asleep . the Pov keep move down the hall . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know that I be asleep in the dream ... but I could feel that someone be awake in the house . we keep push on , reach the door to dalton 's room . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I go into dalton 's room . the door push open . in the dark , we can see dalton , in bed . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be someone in there with he . the Pov turn to see a dark figure , stand in the corner . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a man be stand in the corner of the room . ( more ) 50 . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I ask he who he be ... he say he be a visitor . I ask he what he want ... he say dalton . int . live room , new house - day lorraine be clearly unsettle by the dream . lorraine I can still hear that voice . she look up at josh - and scream ! over josh 's shoulder , crouch down behind the couch and peek up over the armrest at lorraine , be a diabolical figure . his face be pure red with smear lipstick . his scalp be completely bald , yet tuft of hair dangle above he ear . other than he face , he skin be charcoal black . lorraine recoil back , utterly petrify . josh what be it ? lorraine stare eerily into he eye . frozen . lorraine he 's here . renai look to josh , who be at a total loss . she be cry . renai help we ... his anger fade and he step over and take she in he arm . josh I do not know how . lorraine I know somebody who can help ... if you be willing to ask for it . ext . new house - day a batter van be park in the driveway of the house . int . live room , new house - day renai and josh stand in front of two man . they be silent . 51 . the short one be a wiry young man who look like he spend most of he time in dark room . not a member of the beach volleyball team . this be specs ( 32 ) . the other be tucker ( 33 ) , a larger man with scruffy facial hair . he be eat a hot pocket . specs so you must be josh ? josh yeah . specs that be not psychic . lorraine tell I you name . josh oh. specs I be specs . ( beat ; spooky voice ) I be here to solve you problem . I be just kid with the voice . we take this very seriously . renai so be elise come or ...? specs she will not be join we yet . usually we handle all the background stuff , then she get involved when we have the fact . tucker help weed out the nutjob . renai okay ... josh this be a little uncomfortable . speak for myself . I be not use to this kind of stuff . specs we understand completely . ninety six per cent of the people we deal with have have no experience with this type of phenomenon before . he take out a notepad and pen . 52 . specs ( cont 'd ) I would like to start by interview you both . can we record you answer ? renai ah ...sure . specs my assistant will check different area of the house for electrical anomaly . I will get he start . tucker , would you follow I ? int . kitchen , new house - day specs lead tucker into the kitchen . tucker Assistant ? specs could you not eat that in front of the client ? tucker Assistant ? specs finish it in here . this industry get laugh at enough as it be . int . live room , specs ' apartment - day specs be halfway through interview josh and renai . specs do you or any of you child suffer from epilepsy or autism ? renai no . I mean , we son ... specs right . I hear about this from lorraine . he be in a coma , the cause of which be unknown ? renai yes . 53. specs do either of you habitually use drug or alcohol ? renai no . specs no drug at all ? renai I take anti-depressant sometimes . specs do you have a history of clinical depression ? renai not a history . I have have bout of it . in the past . renai be uncomfortable . specs make a note . the camera beep . specs tucker , could you check the camera ? tucker ( o.s. ) I be still assist in the other room . specs whenever you be ready then . a long beat . tucker finally enter , adjust the camera . tucker ( to renai and josh ) he handle administration , I handle technical . it 's a even split . he could not change a light bulb and I be no good with paperwork . it bore I senseless . specs clear he throat , peeve . continue . specs do you have any history of sexual abuse in the family ? josh no . ( beat ) I be sorry , I have to ask how this relate to we problem ? 54 . specs nine time out of ten , when someone come to we with a problem like this , it 's because of a inward cause within the family unit ... not a physical force outside of it . int . master bedroom , new house - day specs and tucker mill around the room . tucker be carry a small electronic device . he hold it against the wall . josh what be that ? tucker tri-field meter . it measure DC field and the natural electro magnetic environment . specs sometimes old wiring can leak into the atmosphere . it can cause hallucination , change in energy . tucker yeah . it 's a little more complicated than that , but , you know , you get the general idea . specs it 's basically that . tucker not really , but whatever . specs ( to josh ) the tech stuff 's not relevant to you anyway . tucker it 's very relevant , but it 's all good . int . corridor , new house - later tucker edge into the corridor . he switch out the light , then take what look like a modify view -master toy out of he shoulder bag , hold it up to he eye . he stalk down the corridor with it . all be quiet . 55 . tucker' Pov through viewmaster - different filter highlight different degree of UV light . each slide change the reading . he approach the grandfather clock . another slide click into place - show we two figure . stand beside the clock . in the negative light , they look like female . tucker lower the device . there be no one there . int . live room , new house - same time specs pack up the video equipment , babbling to josh and renai . specs epilepsy in one of the child mostly . it 's very common . if we approach thing academically , it let we find the genuinely interesting case . tucker back into the room . very slowly . he be afraid . tucker I think we can call elise now ... int . front door , new house - early evening josh open the door to see a elderly woman , elise rainier ( 73 ) , who despite she year maintain a sprightly energy . there be absolutely nothing morbid or dour about she . josh Mrs. rainier ? elise no , my mother could not come , it 's just I . elise . you must be lorraine 's son ? you have grow since I last see you . josh last see I ? elise you mother and I have be friend for a long time . 56 . elise step inside . renai , tucker and specs gather around she . everyone become very subservient , like the Queen just arrive . elise ( cont 'd ) ( be specs and tucker ) they be very good assistant but I can not get they to dress any better . renai hi. I be renai. elise please to meet you . I be elise . elise take she hat off and scan the room , take a deep breath . tucker jabber , eager to please . tucker we take tri-field and emf reading of the whole house . all the wiring , alarm clock , radio , toaster , tv , record player , fuse box . nothing go off the chart . elise and the previous home ? tucker and specs look at each other . oh shit . specs tucker have not monitor that yet . I could jump on that this afternoon if you like ? make up for lose time . tucker yeah , but who would work the equipment ? I will need to be there . you know what , do not even sweat it . I will make myself available . elise no , that 's fine , gentleman . she stare up at the ceiling , as if see something they can not . elise ( cont 'd ) I do not think bad wiring be the problem here . she drift over to the bookshelf , she hand landing on the stack of photo album renai look through in the open scene . elise ( cont 'd ) hmm . 57 . renai and josh exchange a look . elise ( cont 'd ) May I walk through the house ? renai yes . of course . elise Steven , do you have you sketchbook ? specs hurriedly fish a sketchbook and pencil out of he bag . specs yes , I do . yes , I do . yes , yes . I do . elise good . we be go to need it . renai what be it for ? specs she tell I what she see and I draw it . it 's the most important part of she process . tucker his drawing and my photo comprise she visual record . specs especially the drawing . tucker that 's debatable . specs it 's not debatable . tucker it be , but whatever . specs onward and upwards . find I a ghost . elise begin walk through the house . tucker and specs trail she and we follow they into the -- int . corridor , new house - continuous -- hallway . 58 . renai and josh stay back , sheepish . elise stalk forward at the front , surveying every nook and cranny of the house . elise stop suddenly . she be stare straight at a corner of the hallway , next to the grandfather clock . renai what be it ? elise there be something here . tucker this be where I see it . elise calmly mutter something to specs in a low voice , but we have trouble hearing it - only snatch of key word . elise ... long hair ... grey dress ... she eye be ... he immediately start sketching . his line drawing be fast but detailed . impressive . he outline the wall , the ceiling lamp , the grandfather clock . and then something else ... two young woman . stand next to the grandfather clock , dress in amish garb . even in the roughness of the draw , we can make out they plead eye and pale skin . tucker take out a camera , snap some shot . josh and renai step forward , see the sketch . elise keep move , head straight for one door in particular . she stop , run she hand over the wood . elise ( cont 'd ) do I have permission to enter this room ? josh go ahead . elise maybe you could wait back there ? josh and renai hug each other . tucker lower the camera . elise grip the door handle and turn it . 59 . int . dalton' bedroom - day the door groan open . dalton be lie on he gurney , surround by the sluggish drine of hospital equipment . the curtain be draw and the room be dark . elise hesitates ... then step inside . elise leave the light off . elise step closer to dalton . she run she hand over he prone body . she shiver as she do . a ripple of fear pass through she . her breath quicken . slowly ... very very slowly ... she gaze up at a corner of the ceiling . her eye widen and the look on she face should be absolute T E R R o R. her arm raise up , she finger extend and point at the corner she be glaring at . renai what be it ? what do you see ? elise cup she hand over she mouth and whisper to specs , keep she eye glued to the far corner of the ceiling . we can not hear what she be whisper . Hand shaking , specs feverishly start to sketch . we cannot see what he be draw . renai ( cont 'd ) what do you see ?! the stroke of specs ' pencil become faster and rougher , keep up with elise 's whisper . sweat dot he forehead . tucker glance at the draw and step back instinctively . he hold up he viewmaster . Pov through viewmaster - we see the far corner of the ceiling change color as tucker rotate the lense inside ... but nothing out of the ordinary appear . just a ceiling . renai ( cont 'd ) tell I ! 60 . suddenly , renai charge forward , snatching the sketch book . the draw be of a hideous form - crouch in the corner of the ceiling , stare down at dalton below . it be the red - face demon lorraine see earlier . his naked body be charcoal black ... whilst also strangely translucent , the vein visible underneath the flesh . a corpulent stomach jut out , as if he be pregnant . terrify , renai flick on the light -- -- revealing nothing but a ordinary ceiling . int . live room , new house - day elise hold court in the live room . renai and josh hold each other , struggle to comprehend it all . elise I be not sure if you be ready to hear this yet ... but unfortunately I can not waste any time ease you into it . there be no time leave . she take a deep breath , prepare herself . elise ( cont 'd ) I want you to know that this be what I believe and it may contradict a previous medical diagnosis . however , you call I here and I be take that as a acceptance of my reading . renai go on . elise you son ... be not in a coma . his physical body be here , but he spiritual body be not . ( beat ) the reason this disturbance follow you to a new home be because ... it be not the house that be haunt . it be you son . this be too much for josh . renai , however , want to listen . renai I do not understand ... 61 . elise consider what she be about to say carefully . elise have you ever hear of astral projection ? renai out of body experience ? elise nod . elise I call they traveller . this be people with the ability to leave they physical body and travel to different place in a astral form . to some degree , we all have the ability to do it ... but most of we subconsciously suppress it or do not know how to access it . josh shake he head , agitate . renai lean forward , desperate for a answer to she terror . elise ( cont 'd ) dalton be ... a very accomplish astral projector . he have be since he be very young . he 's not afraid of he ability . and that lack of fear have lead he to travel too far and become lose ... renai lose ? lose where ? elise gaze up at the ceiling , as if look into another world . elise in the further . renai what do you mean ? elise the further be that place beyond we perception , beyond we understanding of the physical world that we can see and touch . it be a place without clock or measurement , without past or future ... a infinite realm that hold all of we dream ... and all of we nightmare . she turn to look at they . 62 . elise ( cont 'd ) that be where dalton be . renai cry , unprepare for what she be hearing . elise ( cont 'd ) the problem be that with he astral body go , he have leave a physical body with we . a empty vessel . josh can not meet she gaze . elise ( cont 'd ) and there be entity that know this . they can smell it - the chance to live again . that be why they have gather around he . renai how many be there ? elise there be five benevolent spirit . five different entity for whom dalton have become a most prize possession . they be try to get inside he physical body ... and they get closer with each pass day . her word hang in the air like gunsmoke . pure fear course through josh 's eye . he fidget , agitate . elise ( cont 'd ) then there be two entity who be ... not benevolent . one of they take the form of a man , the other ... she hold up the draw that specs di . elise ( cont 'd ) they work together , so desperate be they to possess dalton . they be the close of all the entity to get inside he . ( beat ) I do not want to scare you , but I have never , in all my year of do this , experience anything as terrifying as they presence . renai be there a way to bring dalton back ? 63. elise there be something we could try . a way of call he back . I would need you complete trust . josh can not take it any more . he stand up . josh no. no . this have go too far . renai you say that you would give she a chance ! josh I have give she a chance , and I do that because I want to help you . but I can not have somebody tell we that the reason we son be in a coma be because he soul be float off somewhere in another dimension . elise I know this be hard to hear . josh no , it 's not fair be what it be . you be preying on people 's grief and vulnerability , which be really easy to do in a situation like this . renai why do we go to all the trouble of bring they here if you be just go to reject what they say ? josh because I want to help you . to put you mind at ease , and if this help , then great . but to drag dalton into this ? no. renai josh , you be not be fair ... josh Fair ? how do the voice of reason become the bad guy here ? do not you see ? you want to believe . of course you do , honey , anybody would . the room go quiet . josh turn to elise . 64 . josh ( cont 'd ) look , I appreciate what you be try to do . I really do . but I think it 's dangerous to start throw out false hope like this . I have to put my foot down . my wife be not ... mentally well at the moment , and I have to keep at least one of she foot here in the real world . renai you never believe I ... josh honey , I be on you side . but I genuinely think this be dangerous and frankly , a little exploitative . he turn to elise , specs and tucker . josh ( cont 'd ) you come into a home with a seriously ill child , you make a tenuous connection between he and this experience renai be have and viola - the client start cry because they be desperate to believe , the tear validate you power , thank you , that will be six hundred dollar please . specs we reject more case than we take . we be not out for money , sir . josh I know , I know ... look , I appreciate you interest and you time . I do . thank you . thank you very much . he go to the front door , open it . elise I completely understand . and I honestly do not blame you for reacting like this . she walk to the door , follow by specs and tucker , who sling they bag over they shoulder sheepishly . renai no , please ... do not go . 65 . elise thank you for you time . they exit . the door close . they be go . int . master bedroom , new house - night renai lie in bed , awake ... a break shell of she former self . a bottle of anti-depressant sit on the bedside table . josh enter the bedroom . sit down beside she . josh look at I for a second , honey . ( beat ) look at I . she do not look up . josh ( cont 'd ) do you really believe what she say ? in you heart of heart , do you actually take what she be say literally ? a long beat of silence pass . renai I do not know ... josh do you think I do not want to believe in that stuff ? of course I do . it would make life a lot easier if I do . if I believe that some supernatural force be responsible for what 's happen to we son ... renai I do not believe anything anymore , josh . I use to . I use to believe that I could keep my child safe . I use to believe everything would be okay . to believe in something , you have to know it to be true . she turn and look at he . renai ( cont 'd ) the thing that have happen to I have not confirm any belief - they have do the opposite . they have make I question what I believe . ( more ) 66 . renai ( cont 'd ) they have make I realize that maybe we do not know as much as we think we do . josh pace , at he wit end . renai ( cont 'd ) you ask I if I believe what she say to be true and the answer be I do not know . but let I ask you this - in you heart of heart , can you say for certain that it be not ? int . master bedroom , new house - night josh lie beside renai , who be sleep . he be wide awake , stare at the ceiling . he get out of bed . int . dalton' bedroom , new house - night the door open . all be mute as josh enter , skulking carefully through the darkness . the curtain lull in the slight of breeze . josh stand over dalton . he stare down at he son body , then let he gaze drift around the room ... past the closet , past the drawing pin to the wall and the toybox ... all the way to the corner of the ceiling that elise be so frighten of . josh 's eye drill into the shadow . be there something wait there ? finally , josh sit down beside dalton . he grip he son hand . josh where be you ? where do you go ? ( beat ) can you hear I ? I be begging you to show I that you can hear I ... I do not know how to help you . please tell I what to do . josh 's torment fill the air ... but dalton do not move . 67 . josh ( cont 'd ) please God , please help I ... give I my son back . I will do anything just to have he back . josh study dalton 's face for a response . nothing . not a twitch . he collapse forward onto dalton . holding he tight . josh ( cont 'd ) I need he back . I need he to show I that he can hear I . please ... for a moment , all we can hear be josh 's breathe . then ... something happen . something josh do not see . dalton 's face twitches . it be a very slight movement . this movement be follow by something that be hard to miss -- one of the tack pin one of dalton 's drawing to the wall begin to wind loose . it pop free , shoot across the room like a kernel of popcorn ... follow by another tack . the second tack land in josh 's lap . puzzle , he pick it up , examine it . he look up , he eye draw to the picture on the wall . with total astonishment , he see the two remain tack work themselves free , pop out of the wall . the draw float down to the ground . josh stoops down , pick it up . it be a draw split into two halve . the leave half be a self portrait of dalton , lie in bed , look down from above . the right half be a depiction of outer space - squiggly star and bloat planet . dalton have draw another version of himself on this side , fly above the house with another man . at the bottom of the first draw , dalton have write ` last night I watch myself sleep ' . a tear fall down josh 's face . he begin to cry . deep and painful tear he have long pent up . beneath the second draw , dalton have write ` then I fly away . ' 68 . int . master bedroom , new house - early morning renai 's eye flutter open . she glance over . no one be there . int . kitchen , new house - early morning renai shuffles into the kitchen . josh be sit at the kitchen table , stare at dalton 's draw . he have not sleep and look it . he look up at she . josh okay . renai approach josh and they hug ... hold on for dear life . ext . new house - night the lambert house be light from within . like a jack-o-lantern . int . dalton be room - night action station . tucker set up two still camera 's around dalton 's room , zipping back and forth between the two tripod . specs open up a kit , take out he notepad and a pencil . a small , circular table have be set up , adjacent to dalton 's bed . elise sit at the table , flanke on either side by josh and renai . elise what 's most important be that you realize no two attempt be the same . I will be completely honest with you about the result , and if no dialogue be establish , I will tell you . I be not in the business of embellish success . what happen , happen . josh and renai nod grimly , truly out of they depth . elise ( cont 'd ) forget the limit and law and logic of this world . we be tread in a different place now . tucker finally set he camera and take a seat in the corner , hold up a hand -held video camera . 69 . tucker this still camera be rig to pick up change in the atmosphere , electrical or temperature - wise . do not be alarmed if they go off . elise everything I say while I be in tune will be at a very low volume , so you will not hear any of it . Steven will write it down and repeat it for you . specs wait obediently at she side . elise ( cont 'd ) hold on to each other , and stay focus . you will see thing you do not understand . confuse thing . do not question they or speak in any way . she turn to specs . elise ( cont 'd ) dim the light please . tucker reach up and dim the light to a very low level . elise close she eye , concentrate . she relax she head , as if meditate , let it loll on she shoulder . one of the camera on the tripod go off , bathing the room in white light for a split second . elise inhale and exhales deeply , slip away . soon , she be very still . specs nod to tucker silently , then produce a odd look device make from grey cloth . it almost resemble a gas mask from World War 1 , with a cone shape muzzle that fit over the mouth and nose . the snout of the facemask be like a elongate elephant trunk , coiling outward and end in a old listen device , like a early version of a microphone . specs slip two hook over elise 's ear and gently place the device over she nose and mouth . he then take a seat next to she , behind renai , who hold elise 's hand . specs take out he notepad and fix a small apparatus around he neck that hold a flashlight in place . 70 . he flick it on , then hold the microphone end of elise 's facemask up to he ear , a pencil grip in the other hand . Dead silence descend over the group like a blanket . then , we hear something lilt through the old microphone . it be elise 's muttere whisper . specs begin write . renai open she eye to peek at what he be scribbling in cursive . we be call out to you dalton renai grip josh 's hand tightly . specs we be call out to you dalton . tell we that you be safe tell we where you be specs ( cont 'd ) tell we that you be safe . tell we where you be . for what seem like a eternity , all be quiet and still ... ... until elise 's eyelid flutter . another unintelligible whisper drift out of the microphone at specs ' ear . he write . who 's there ? specs ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? it be you mother and father we have be look for you specs ( cont 'd ) it be you mother and father . we have be look for you . Long pause . specs write again , more intense this time . i need help i can not see in here specs ( cont 'd ) I need help ... I can not see in here . 71 . follow my voice dalton come back to we specs ( cont 'd ) follow my voice dalton . come back to we . another long pause . a little too long . why be not you talk anymore dalton ? specs ( cont 'd ) why be not you talk anymore dalton ? a long beat . tucker 's camera flash go off again . if they hear I they will hurt I specs ( cont 'd ) if they hear I , they will hurt I . who will hurt you ? specs ( cont 'd ) who will hurt you ? the man with fire on he face specs ( cont 'd ) the man with fire on he face . can you find you way back to we ? specs ( cont 'd ) can you find you way back to we ? there be no way out specs ( cont 'd ) there be no way out . follow my voice dalton specs ( cont 'd ) follow my voice dalton . be quiet they will hear you 72 . specs ( cont 'd ) be quiet , they will hear you . they will not hear you just follow my voice specs ( cont 'd ) they will not hear you , just follow my voice . they be come they hear you help I helpme mom and dad please save I please come and get mepleasecomeandgetmecome elise 's head twitches as specs ' write furiously , try to keep up . his pencil finally snap . he snatch up another . dalton be you there ? dalton ? a agonizing ocean of silence ... then this furious scrawl : listen to I you filthy whore he isnt here you should not have come here you fuck bitch i will rip you cunt apart and eat the fuck innard that spill forth from it i haveseenyouiknowwhoyouarebutyouandthe specs write begin to shreed the paper as he write furiously , the scrawl get out of control . sweat fly from he forehead as he struggle to get it all down . suddenly a piercing scream blast through the microphone and he jerk it away from he ear - then look over at elise . with utter dread , he see that she be no longer wearing the mask . she have take it off and be panting heavily . the scream continue through the mic , audible to everyone ... then peter out . shock silence follow . josh glance over at dalton 's bed . he be not in it . 73. stun , josh turn back to the table -- -- to see dalton sitting next to he . staring at he . his heart leap out of he skin and so do renai 's as they both turn towards dalton . they son . dalton stare at they ... not a trace of emotion on he face . then he reach up and grip he bottom jaw with both hand , wrenching it downward with almighty force and breaking he own jaw . renai scream into the abyss as dalton bellows at they , spit fly from he throat , he tongue hang down over he dislocate jaw . he stamp he foot and the table - and everyone sit at it , renai , josh and elise - go fly backwards as if push by a hurricane , smash into the wall with crush power . we realize that dalton be not sit at the table , but squatting down awkwardly . painfully . he stand up , then step forward . as josh and renai watch , he knee begin to bend backward , the tendon stretch and snap , the knee bend in the opposite direction . his other knee follow and he step forward - both knee bend back . specs be rigid in he chair , roote to the spot , notepad still in hand . when he look up at dalton , the flashlight under he chin shine in dalton 's eye . dalton roar and advance forward - slapping specs with the force of ten man . specs reel backwards , hit the wall , smash he head and crumpling like paper . elise stand to face dalton . the camera flash go off again , lighting the darken room for a split second and show elise the lipstick - smear face of a demon instead of dalton 's face . tucker shrink back as he capture all this with the video camera . dalton step forward again and elise charge at he , grab dalton by the hair . elise leave this vessel ! leave this vessel ! dalton bellows again - a howl so course and ungodly that it seem rip straight from the bowel of lucifer himself . 74 . elise ( cont 'd ) leave this vessel ! dalton fly backwards , hit the corner of the wall and then climbing it , arcing he body into the far corner of the ceiling like a expert contortionist . he hiss at they as the camera flash fire again and again , show they split second frame of the red face creature . elise ( cont 'd ) leave this earthly body ! dalton shriek again and somehow the force of the cry knock elise down . the room begin to shake . book fly . the closet door burst open . with terror , elise look over and see several figure peer out from within the closet . two be the woman that specs ' draw . another be a small man , dress like a child . they stare out at elise , they eye glint in the dark . elise turn to see josh . the camera flash strobe repeatedly and give we split- second glimpsis of a old woman , dress in victorian era garb - stand directly behind josh . and then , with absolute fear , renai see the long haire man stand over she . he scream at she and push she against the wall , lick she . she cry out , terrify . with the spirit world , crash in around she , elise pull herself off the floor and yell again . elise ( cont 'd ) leave he body ! dalton suddenly spasm , drop out of the corner and hit the floor like a rag doll drop off a bridge . elise ( cont 'd ) the light ! terrify , specs ' scramble over to the corner , flick the light switch . the room be instantly flood with light . the room have stop shaking . the scream have stop . 75 . renai dalton ! renai wrench herself across the carpet and reach dalton 's limp body . renai ( cont 'd ) dalton ! dalton ! she listen for breathe . his chest move . he be still breathe . she hold he and cry . more desperate than ever . int . kitchen , new house - night tucker , specs and elise convene in the kitchen , slump amongst the box for the tech gear . all be in shock . specs I feel like a mountain climber who 's be wait he whole life to climb everest , and now that I be stand on the summit , I do not know what to do with myself ... tucker I will tell you what we do with ourselves . we make a short list of we prefer media outlet , that 's what . he hold up he video camera . tucker ( cont 'd ) watch this . he hit play on a monitor that he video camera be cable to . chaotic image of dalton from the previous scene spit to life . behind dalton , we can just make out the blurry image of the red -face demon . puppeteer dalton from behind . control he limb like a human marionette . specs oh my God ... tucker after all the year we have be dining out on morsel like a faucet that turn itself on and off ... we finally have some empirical evidence of the real thing . proof . he hit pause on the video , freeze - frame the hellish image . 76 . elise proof ? proof of what ? nine tenth of the world believe that when you die , you soul ascend to sit with God . would you be tell they something they do not already know ? tucker that be so not the point . this be not about religion . here we have irrefutable evidence of a paranormal experience . we job be to share it . elise no , we job be not to alert the press and prove the existence of the `paranormal ' , as you call it . I be not out to prove anything . I have know there be a higher plane ever since I be a little girl and I could play hopscotch with people whose name be inscribe on tombstone . what you call paranormal be a fact of life for I . ( beat ) we job be to help people . the least we can do be spare they the indignity of sixty Minutes . she snatch he camera away from he and stand up . tucker yeah , until they get they book deal ... then you will wish you would listen . elise no , I will not , tucker . I will just be proud of you . you two stare down something that would crush most mortal tonight and you stand tall . they manage a smile . specs so what do we do now ? elise we answer the door . specs what do you mean ? there be a knock at the front door . 77 . int . live room , new house - night josh sit with renai 's head in he lap . she be too traumatize to speak . rain dribble down the window pane . josh get up when he hear the knock at the door . elise shuffles over to answer it . she open the door to reveal lorraine , wet from the downpour . elise step aside and lorraine walk in , gravely sedate . josh Mom ... what be you do here ? elise I ask you mother to come over . I call she immediately after ... the session . I tell she to hurry over . josh why ? lorraine 's usual strong will have evaporate . she look to elise . elise there be something we must talk about . sit down , lorraine . lorraine follow order , ease onto the sofa . eye down . Thunder growl in the distance . elise ( cont 'd ) go on . tell he . josh tell I what ? lorraine swallow and start talk . lorraine the reason ... I know to call elise in this situation ... the reason I know she so well ... be because I call she myself once . year ago . she look up at josh . lorraine ( cont 'd ) to help you , josh . josh what be you talk about ? 78 . lorraine can not go on . elise step in . elise it 's no accident that you son be such a gift traveller . the ability be hand down to he . ( beat ) by he father . flashcut to : int . darkened bedroom - night - flashback we have return to the open scene . we be look down on a sleep child . chest rise and fall with each breath . this be josh as a child . we move away from he , explore the dark room . flashcut to : int . live room , new house - night - present tucker and specs enter the room , linger at the back . josh no ... I have never ... do that before . lorraine when you be about eight ... you suffer night terror . awful fit of pure fear . you be terrify of a old woman who you say would come to visit you at night . flashcut to : int . corridor - night - flashback again we return to the open scene ... float down a long hallway . a window at the end of the hall enlarge as we approach . someone be stand in front of it . 79 . the murky silhouette of the figure turn and walk away . we follow it , tentative . turn a corner , we see the figure . stand in a doorway . now we can make out the edge of the figure . it be a old woman . Hair in a victorian bun . a corset dress . it be the same old woman that elise saw . old woman let I in . flashcut to : int . live room , new house - night lorraine close she eye , struggle to go on . lorraine I dismiss you storey . told you to grow up . ( beat ) then I see she for myself . she look to elise , who nod . Hand tremble , lorraine retrieve a packet from within she coat . the paper be yellowing . fade . soak from the rain . lorraine hand the packet to josh , who be dumbfounded . renai peer over josh 's shoulder , at a Polaroid of a boy , about nine year old , sit on a couch . early 70 period . it be a Young josh . behind he be the blurred outline of a figure . josh run he finger over the shadow . his heart rate speed up . a old memory be come back to he . lorraine ( cont 'd ) at first , I think it be a camera problem . then I see she again . josh flip to the next photo - it be another fade frame of josh as a youngster . this time he stand in a old kitchen . once again , there be a figure behind he - clearer this time , but still hide in silhouette . a step closer to josh . josh flip to the next picture . a black and white shot of himself as a young boy , lie in bed . 80 . with dread , josh see the unmistakable feature of a old woman , crouching beside he bed . stare at he . lorraine ( cont 'd ) in each photo , she get closer and closer to you ... josh flip to the next picture - in this one , Young josh be stand by a car . behind he , the detail of the Old woman 's dress be visible . her arm be extend ... reach out for josh 's neck . renai 's hand fly to she mouth . lorraine ( cont 'd ) finally , I be so scared , I call elise . sweat pour down josh 's brow . he let the photograph flutter from he finger , back away . fragment of memory rock he entire body . josh I do not ... I do not remember any of this ... elise you have block it out . ( beat ) but in the back of you mind , you be still afraid of have you picture take , be not you ? josh grab the wall , weak at the knee . lorraine I have keep the photo hide ever since then ... until tonight . elise I advise lorraine to hide they . to stop take you picture . and to let you forget . josh who be she ? elise a parasite . she befriend you astral body , then draw you out into the further , just as dalton have be draw out . ( more ) 81 . elise ( cont 'd ) but she deceive you . all she want be a empty vessel . a physical body . your . lorraine I be sorry , josh . elise I do not want to make you remember this ... I only do it for the sake of you son . a quiet descend over they . elise ( cont 'd ) you son be out there . ( beat ) and you be the only one who can bring he back . josh look up at she . josh how long do we have before ... that thing ... take he over completely ? all eye be on elise . elise if you can not reach he tonight , then he be go forever . int . live room , new house - night - later the light have be dimme . josh sit on a single person lounge chair . elise sit opposite he . tucker and specs set up around she , fix they camera in place . renai lean forward on the couch opposite , chew she nail to the quick . lorraine be next to she . elise remember who you be and why you be travel . keep one foot in this world . ( beat ) be you ready ? josh nod . renai hug he and they hold onto it . she whisper to he , stare into he eye . 82. renai I want you to know something ... you have never be less than good enough for I . you have always be perfect for I . you be my best friend ... my soulmate . I love you so much . josh I love you too . I have since the first time you look at I . I do not exist without you . elise drift over to the piano , lift the metronome from it . she set it down in front of josh , freeing the weight swing - arm so it move back and forth . tick ... tick ... tick . elise Close you eye , josh ... and relax . breathe deeply . let all life around you fade out into the background ... until the only thing you can hear be the tick of the metronome . we push in on josh , inhale and exhaling . tick ... tick ... tick . elise ( cont 'd ) focus on a spot in the center of you forehead . feel that spot get further away as you drift off to sleep . we be now in a ecu of josh . tick ... tick ... tick . elise ( cont 'd ) I want you to relax you physical body and let the astral body gain strength ... feel it rise out of you chest . renai watch , literally and figuratively on the edge of she seat . tucker and specs take note from the corner . josh breathes deeply . eye shut tightly . elise ( cont 'd ) detach yourself . josh 's eye open suddenly and he stand up , frustrated , march across the live room . 83. josh this be useless ... I have no idea what I be do and you just suddenly expect I to ... he turn around and stop dead . his word trail off . he be looking at himself . he see he own body , sit in the armchair , eye close . elise be sit opposite , with she back to the josh who be now stand . the live room be exactly as it be - only renai , lorraine , tucker and specs have disappear . they be nowhere to be see . stun into mute shock , josh stare at he own body in the armchair . slowly , elise turn she head away from the josh in the chair , stare eerily into the stand josh 's eye . she can see he . elise ( softly ) now you be free . ( beat ) keep you guide , and a steady stride ... and into the further you go . she turn back to the josh in the chair . the room seem to have darken even more somehow . josh turn and glare into the darkness of he hallway as it yawn outward , eventually swallow by complete blackness . he be not in another world . he be in he own house . note - the follow scene be not go to be " movie quiet " . they will be inhumanly quiet . there will no score . only sound scape . this be another world and should feel so . josh move forward , glide down the hall slowly . he look down and see that he foot be slighty raise off the ground . he be float . he move into the darkness of the hall ... past the bedroom door and closet door . 84 . as he float past , he scan every darken corner for the slight trace of movement . he reach the front door . he move towards it and as he do it open . ext . the further - not night or day , but dark his street beckon beyond the door . josh float across he lawn . there be no people or car on the street ... it be as desolate as a post -apocalyptic wasteland . a total absence of life . some light flicker from within the house , but no movement or sign of human form . only mist . josh float a inch above the road , move down the street . one thing to notice be that there be a total lack of horizon or city scape here ... josh 's immediate surroundings be visible for about one hundred yard or so ... anything beyond that , in any direction , fade into blackness . as if someone be shine a giant spotlight down on he . int . live room , new house - night - our world renai watch josh . he be completely still ... in a trance . his eyelid flutter as he eyeball probe in all direction underneath . elise he 's in ... ext . the further - night josh keep move , he fear register , even in this world . he look down at he foot . he be frustrated that he can not move any faster . he concentrate with fierce intensity -- -- and then watch as he foot touch the ground . 85 . he be walk . he start to move faster , gain control of he movement . josh dalton ? the sound of he voice be strangely dead - as if he be inside a soundproof recording studio . there be no wall or angle for it to bounce off . josh ( cont 'd ) dalton ? where be you ? for a long time , there be nothing ... ... ... then he see it . a figure ... shroud in shadow . stand on the street corner with he back to josh . josh move towards the figure . closer . closer . the man abruptly turn the corner without look back . josh glance around the corner . there be nobody there . he continue down the street . he see a little girl . Far in the distance , but close enough to focus on . she stand and stare ... ... then turn and walk away . go ... like a apparition . he look to he right and see -- --a shadow . behind a curtain in one of the window , back light by candle light . as with the other , the shadow turn away and disappear . josh walk towards the front door of the house . he reach it and turn the handle . int . house - the further - continuous a long corridor beckon . as with all of this world , it be dark here . 86 . josh walk into the corridor , look to he leave and right into empty room . live room and bedroom . devoid of life . the color be mute ... the palate drain . only reds and black pop out . blood and darkness . josh keep move down the corridor . up ahead , he see a figure run past the top of the hall , ignore josh . he press forward , follow the figure . josh dalton ? he glance into a empty kitchen . food rot on the table . his footstep have no sound as he continue on . josh ( cont 'd ) dalton ? he pass a door that be partly open . he push it wide open . int . SMALL room , the further - continuous the room be small and empty . a strange room ... like a stage . a figure be sit in the corner , face the wall like a child be punish at school . josh step closer , cautious . take another step . josh where be dalton ? he step closer yet again . his hand reach out to touch the figure back ... ...his finger be almost graze the figure shoulder . Soft laughter behind he . josh glance back to look for the source . when he turn back , the figure be gone . he wheel around , see the small - stature figure of the dwarf that renai encounter , step through the door of the room . 87 . int . corridor , the further - continuous josh sidle back into the corridor . his pace be sluggish , dream-like . frustrate , he stop . then turn to he leave . someone be right there in he face . a man . the man be not look at he ... only stand very close . his neck loll on he shoulder ... around and around . he seem stick on a loop . he be dress in a fifty era suit . josh do you know where dalton be ? the man do not acknowledge he . man why do I have to put up with you ? what a tramp . you call this a home ? I work all day for this ? he march away , leave josh stand alone . josh keep go , whirling around . he reach a set of stair . the stair descend into darkness . josh squint into the dark , afraid . josh dalton ? where be you ? the low rumble of this place be the only reply . josh turn to walk away . a distant voice stop he . dalton ( o.s. ) dad ... josh snap back . the voice drift from out of the darkness at the bottom of the stair . josh scurries down the creaky ramp towards it . int . hallway , the further - continuous the core of a rotten apple . the bowel of hell . drenched in shadow , josh fumble forward into yet another corridor of this labyrinth . 88. he realize he know where he be . he be in he old house . a alternate world version of it . the lighting be different - it 's darker . there be no sign of life . Water drip somewhere . josh stumble forward , see a open door . int . live room , the further - continuous josh slink into a darken and dilapidate live room . there be three people in here - a middle age woman , a middle age man and a young girl . they be all frozen , stand in place as if someone have hit the pause button on they life . the woman be in the middle of irone . the man be sit in a arm chair read a newspaper . the girl be lie on the floor . the whole scene look like a macabre ` leave it to beaver ' tableau - a cheerful family freeze in time . josh step closer to the mother ... ... hair prickle up on he neck when he see she blink . her body move slightly . she be not freeze - merely play statue . like a street performer keep as still as possible . josh turn to the father . he be the same . his hand shake , struggle to hold the newspaper in place . he back away from they , truly creepe out . his back hit a window and he turn , peer through the glass down at the street below . a figure , hide in silhouette , be gaze up at he . int . kitchen , the further - continuous josh stalk into a kitchen off the live room . a weathered door be adjacent to the kitchen . the door be ajar . through it , josh can see somebody leg . josh approach the door , prodding it open gently with he finger . it be a bedroom . a tatter cot sit against the wall . a young man ( 17 ) sit on the cot , hold a rifle . like the other , he be try to be completely still , as if on pause . 89 . he be have more trouble than the family , tremble slightly . josh I be look for my son , dalton . the boy do not look up . do not move . josh retreat , scan the kitchen . there be soile pot in the sink . rotting food , but no bug . josh turn the faucet but no water come forth . when he turn back , the young man be go . no longer in he bedroom . josh glance back at the live room . the Young man be now stand inside the live room . again , he be freeze . holding he rifle . look down at he family , who be now splay out on the carpet , soak in blood . each of they have a bullet hole in they head . repulsed , josh tip -toe past they . he look down at the mother - a bullet wound in the center of she chest . she blink ... still play dead . int . corridor , the further - continuous more corridor disappear into darkness . josh wrench he hair in frustration . he boil over , scream at the top of he lung . josh dalton !!!! where be you ?!!! his cry recede into nothingness . dalton ( o.s. ) dad .... he hear that . excite , he spin around , try to determine where it come from . as he do , he see that the entire dead family be now gather at the door to the live room . watch he . he summon all he strength and start run , back away from they . 90 . he drive himself to move faster and faster . josh dalton ! dalton ( o.s. ) dad ...help I ... josh dalton !! a figure suddenly appear at the end of the hallway . it be the long haire man in the grey jacket . the man who terrorize renai . long haire man I hear you ... he approach . long haire man ( cont 'd ) I hear you , but you do not know what you have do . he lick he lip . long haire man ( cont 'd ) there be a place that you can not go to and this be that place . he be only a few yard from josh now . he scream with awesome power , he spit fly . long haire man ( cont 'd ) you made a mistake !! i'm go to make suffering a fucking blessing for you ! i'm go to rip you apart you cunt !! he charge at josh , scream with hellfire fury . josh recoil , fall onto the floor , scream . int . live room , new house - night - our world josh 's body jolt in the chair and he make a noise somewhere between a scream and a moan . renai what 's happen to he ?! elise lean in , attempt to communicate with josh . 91 . elise you be stronger then they be , josh . you be a live soul ! int . corridor , the further josh struggle . the Long haire man attack he viciously . then something change in josh - he get angry . josh get...off..me! he shove the Long haire man back , pound into he with the strength of ten men . josh ( cont 'd ) get away from I ! leave now ! frightened , the Long haire man retreat , back away until he be swallow up by the blackness . josh ( cont 'd ) dalton !! dalton ( o.s. ) ( still distant ) I be here ... josh follow the voice to another stairwell in this escher - like maze of passageway . josh dalton ! dalton ( o.s. ) here ... int . ballroom , the further - continuous from darkness into baroque extravagance . josh find himself in a gild chamber of long neglect opulence ... as if a palace have be storm , the occupant murder and the place leave to rot . mold cake pillar support a ceiling of gold flake , the rest have rotted way . mirror line the wall , they surface too cloud to see into . 92 . josh dalton ...? he weave between pillar , finally come across a figure , slump on the floor in the corner like a dog . it be dalton . josh run to he . his foot be chain to a pipe behind he , the clamp bind he right ankle . he look pale and sick . he look like one of they . josh ( cont 'd ) I be take you back . he see that dalton be terrify . look over josh 's shoulder . josh ( cont 'd ) what be it ? he glance back , spot a open door at the end of the ballroom , light spilling from within it . there be somebody inside . int . make - up room , the further - continuous a grotesque form sit in front of a immense gold - rimmed mirror at a baroque powder table . it be the red-faced creature see by elise . the creature daub red lipstick onto its face , arching forward , glaring into the mirror , cake the make - up on . the room be litter with hundred of discard child be toy - teddy bear , stuff animal , doll ( include one white - face , black - haire doll we recognize ) . they be scattered about like bone , collect dust in the shadow . suddenly the creature stop what it be do . it see something in the mirror . what it see be josh . int . ballroom , the further - continuous with horror , josh watch as the red-face man stand up and stagger to the door , peer through the crack at he . josh wrestle to free dalton 's leg from the chain . no good . 93. behind they the Red face man open the door . a rage unknown to human be building up inside the creature . he hiss . dalton help I , dad ... take this off I ... the creature step closer . take he time . drool seeping from he mouth with each drunken , wayward lope . josh you be not really here . you be asleep in you bed in we home . just stand up . dalton he 's go to hurt I again ... josh this be not real . you can do this . dalton he 's come ! josh just stand up ! dalton do - and suddenly find that the chain be no longer attach to he foot . the Red face man roar and the power of he breath send they flying back . red -face man this ...issssss .... real ! josh smashes he head on a pillar , blood leak from he head . the power of this demon far outweigh the other . red-faced man ( cont 'd ) that ...issss ...my .... boy ! josh scramble to he foot and snatch up dalton , carry he to the door as the Red face man pursue . int . live room , new house - night - our world josh convulse in the chair , choke . renai help he ! 94 . int . corridor , the further josh surge down a corridor , carry dalton . the Red - face man hobble up behind they , he rasp wheeze grow in volume . red -face man you be here now ! with ussss ! josh stampede through the front door of the house - but instead of the street , he be face another corridor . they spill into the second corridor , run again , racing past row and row of door . int . live room , new house - night - our world josh twitches in he chair , sweat bead on he forehead . josh ( moaning ) ....ome ....onnnnn ... elise pace in front of he . elise they have make contact . I know it . he 's find you son . renai what happen now ? elise we need they to come back . we need he to find we . tucker 's equipment begin to shake on the table . the hang light above they quiver as if a earthquake be rattling it . a force be building in the room . int . corridor , the further as josh and dalton streak down the corridor , each door open and a different figure stagger out . grotesque figure ... the solemn dead . pale skin , hollow eye . they dead eye drill into josh 's soul . they want what he have - life . 95 . they begin run - chase josh . dozen of they . josh stop , see that the corridor seemingly have no end . he yell in frustration . josh I want to get out ! int . live room , new house - night - our world josh 's body shudder , the cry escape he lip . josh .... eeeeet out ! the room tremble again . elise look to renai . elise call out to he ! int . corridor , the further josh whip around , desperate . dalton listen ! josh follow the order - and hear it . a faint shout . a siren call from another world . renai ( v.o. ) ( distant ) josh , follow my voice ... the voice seem to come from behind the door in front of josh . he shove it open -- int . live room , new house - night - our world renai glare at josh 's eyelid ... as if he can see she through they . renai follow my voice . come back to we . the room stop tremble . all be very still . for a moment , it be as if time have stop . nuclear silence . then ... a drawer slide open in the corner of the room . lorraine and renai gasp at this supernatural interruption . 96 . specs clamber to he foot , approach the drawer . it contain a note pad and nothing else . he reach out to close it ... and then jolt as a hand reach out from within it ! he flail backwards in fright , watch as the hand wrench a mop of hair into view . a full grown body begins to claw its way out of the drawer ! int . dalton' bedroom , new house - same time drawer in dalton 's room slide open in unison . then cabinet . the closet burst open . pale adult body begin to claw they way out of the different door , undulate out of impossibly small space and fall onto the floor like limbless insect . crack be open in we world and the miserable dead be slithering through the fissure . int . kitchen , new house - same time more door shoot open - cabinet , closet , the pantry . forced by unseen hand . more hideous form wrench themselves out into we world . int . corridor , the further josh be exhaust , push himself to the limit . he hear the voice again - distant and small . a echo . renai ( v.o. ) find we ... josh follow the voice to a door . he stagger towards it , still support dalton . he slam the door open , fall through it into -- int . basement , lambert home , the further -- the empty basement . he be in the basement of he old house . the wooden step beckon above he . 97 . renai 's voice cry out from behind the door at the top of the stair . renai ( v.o. ) hurry ! come back to we ! dalton put I down , I can run ! josh set dalton down , who scamper up the stair . josh be about to follow when he turn and spy a familiar face . the old woman . she leer at josh through the window of the basement , she visage spookily fleck in candlelight . josh be transfix . dalton ( cont 'd ) come on , dad ! come on ! josh go ! I be right behind you ! dalton charge ahead as josh glare back at this face from he past . josh ( cont 'd ) you ... what do you want from I ? the old woman 's eerily unblink gaze cut through josh . a long dormant rage boil over inside he . he approach the window , vomit fury at she . josh ( cont 'd ) get the fuck away from I ! I be not scared of you , just leave I alone ! get away from I ! the old woman 's lip protract to unveil a yellow graveyard of molar . a smile to buckle the steeliest nerve . she raise a light candle to she lip . she snuff out the plume with a single puff ... plunging the basement into darkness . int . live room , new house - same time specs stagger back as the skeletal figure emerge from the cabinet ambulate into the live room , surround josh . 98 . renai ( to josh ) find we ! elise ( to specs ) check on the boy ! specs sprint out of the room . int . corridor , lambert home , the further we be now lock into a Pov shot , push down the corridor of the lambert 's new house . the scene of the trance . we Pov be bee-line for dalton 's bedroom . int . basement , lambert home , the further in another Pov shot , we surge up the basement stair . int . corridor , new house , the further we Pov be only a few yard from dalton 's bedroom door . the Red - face man appear at the opposite end of the hall . malevolent . cruel . he scream and flit towards we . the Pov keep go , hit the bedroom door and flinging it OPEN - see dalton' body sleep inside . we soar towards it , get closer -- int . dalton' bedroom , new house - night - our world specs stand over dalton 's body . suddenly - dalton shudder , he leg spasm . his eye flick open and he suck in a huge breath . specs he 's awake ! dalton sit up , panting . renai charge into the room . he look at she , register she appearance . dalton Mom ... 99 . renai literally throw herself at he , wrapping she arm around he body . no word can express . renai scoops he up , carry he out of the bedroom . int . corridor , new house , the further the second Pov whoosh down the corridor , zeroing in on the live room . int . live room , new house - night - continuous a scene of desperation . elise lean into josh 's face . the live room be now fill with the creeping form of the soul who crawle out from within the drawer . all of they march towards josh . elise find I , josh ! now ! wake up ! the close entity reach out with gnarled finger and be almost touch josh -- int . live room , new house , the further the Pov shoot towards josh 's body , second away -- int . live room , new house - same time josh 's eye burst OPEN and he inhale a chest full of air , as if emerge from deep water . he fall forward , he strength go . renai josh ? josh ? he pants on the floor , barely able to speak . josh dalton ...? dalton and renai pounce on he . josh hold onto dalton like he 's a life preserver , and in a way , for josh , he be . he laugh , inhale deeply . 100 . specs , elise and tucker approach . renai see they and stand up , tearful . she be lose for word . renai I do not know what to say ... she rush forward and hug all three of they . elise well put . josh bring lorraine in they all embrace in a circle . a group hug for the age . josh now this be worth die for . ext . new house - night it 's over . specs and tucker haul a large tripod case to they van , heaving it into the back . they stand in awkward silence . it 's be a long day . tucker I guess you do some pretty awesome stuff in there . you deserve some credit . specs you do good too in a assistant - type way . tucker can not hold he stoic pose any longer . he break out laugh , follow quickly by specs . tucker thanks , boss . they shake hand . tucker ( cont 'd ) dude , I get some amazing shot . we be gonna write a book and my shot be gonna be the main sell point . specs yeah . ( beat ) not the main sell point , but definitely important , for sure . 101 . int . master bedroom , new house - night renai lie with dalton on she bed . dalton I be tired . renai too bad . I be never let you go to sleep again . she run she finger through he hair . renai ( cont 'd ) do you know we would come and find you ? dalton nod . renai ( cont 'd ) whenever you be lose ... we will always come and find you . they hug . int . live room , new house - night josh wander out of the kitchen , examine the house as if see it for the first time . he be smile ... happier than we have ever see he . elise sit on the couch amongst the remain of tucker 's paraphernalia of the paranormal . josh approach she , stand over she . josh you introduce I to a new world . elise no . you have be there before , remember ? and you will go back . ( beat ) all of we will ... eventually . josh maybe I can forget again . he reach into he jacket , take out the eerie photo lorraine give he of himself as a child . josh ( cont 'd ) I will start by give this back . 102 . as he hand they to elise , she see with fear that he hand be withere and wrinkle . like the hand of a eighty year old woman . shock , she look up at he face . josh ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? elise stand . she look haunt . her eye wide and unnerve . elise nothing , I ... she turn away , reach for something . josh what 's the matter , elise ? she spin around and lift tucker 's camera up to she face , aim it at he . she depress the trigger and take a photo of he , bathing the whole corridor in white light . josh recoil back in shock . elise lower the camera . she be terrify . josh suddenly lunge at she , slapping the camera out of she hand . josh ( cont 'd ) why the fuck would you do that ? why would you do that ? why ?! he slam she against the wall , he hand around she throat . elise choke in terror , terrify of he . josh ( cont 'd ) you of all people ! you know ! why would you do that to I when you know what you know ? you bitch ! he abruptly stop attack she , staggering backwards , examine he hand as if he can not believe what he 's do . seethe with fury . pant . elise collapse , catch she breath . josh swipe a frame photo off the wall and storm away , head down the corridor ... ... swallow up by the darkness . 103 . int . master bedroom , new house - same time renai furrow she brow . renai what be that ? ( beat ; to dalton ) stay here . she get up . int . live room , new house - night renai jog into the live room . see elise lie on the floor . renai elise , what be that noise ? elise simply look up at she . the utter terror on she face be palpable . her neck be bleed from scratch mark . renai ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... what happen to you ? elise just stare , unable to speak . her fear be contagious . renai ( cont 'd ) where 's josh ? ( beat ) josh ? josh ?! she turn and run into the corridor , flick on the light . there be nobody there . int . corridor , new house - continuous renai dash from room to room in the hallway , pitching each door open . each room be empty . josh be nowhere to be find . int . live room , new house - same time elise stare at tucker 's camera in a state of catatonic dread . renai back into the room , she own fear rise in she gut . she lean down and grab elise by the shoulder . 104 . renai elise , what happen ? you be scare I , tell I where josh be ? elise finally look up at she . see the " expert " so afraid unnerve renai . when the lion - tamer drop he whip and run , you know the lion be vicious . elise open she mouth to speak ... but nothing come out . instead , she simply hold up the camera , show renai the digital display of the photo she take . we do not see it . we simply see the look of horror on renai 's face . flashcut to : int . live room , new house - night - flashback we have return to the previous scene - only now we be see it through elise 's eye . elise be sit on the couch , alone . try to recover from the night event . she glance up when josh approach she . josh you introduce I to a new world . elise no . you have be there before , remember ? and you will go back . ( beat ) all of we will ... eventually . josh maybe I can forget again . once again , we see he reach into he jacket , take out the photo lorraine give he . josh ( cont 'd ) I will start by give this back . as he hand they to elise , she see with fear that he hand be withere and wrinkle . shock , she look up at he face . 105 . josh ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? elise stand up , not know how to react . elise nothing , I ... she turn away , reach for something . we see she scoop up tucker 's digital camera . josh what 's the matter , elise ? she spin around and lift tucker 's camera up to she face , aim it at he . she depress the trigger and take a photo of he , bathing the whole corridor in white light . -- and in that split second , josh be replace by the Old woman ! elise lower the camera , horrify . for a beat , the Old woman just glare at she ... ... then she charge at elise , arm outstretch , wrapping she white hand around the soft flesh of elise 's throat . elise choke , eye bulg , spittle fly from she mouth , as the pale hand of the Old woman dig into she thorax , droplet of blood run down she chest where the yellowing finger - nail have CUT in to the flesh . the Old woman smile - a merciless harlequin grin that mock elise 's pain . she let elise go , let she drop to the floor . the Old woman turn and glare down the corridor . something have catch she attention . a distant scream . int . bathroom , new house - night the door groan open , a blade of light penetrate pitch black darkness . the silhouette of the Old woman float ethereally into the bathroom . she step up to the mirror , then reach into she tatter victorian dress and produce a candle . she light the candle with a match , hold it beneath she chin and glaring into the reflective surface of the mirror . 106 . instead of see she own reflection though , she see through the mirror as if it be a window . in it , she can see the basement of the lambert 's previous residence . josh burst into the basement , carry dalton . dalton put I down , I can run ! josh set dalton down , who scamper up the stair . we be watch the same scene we see earlier play out in the mirror . josh be about to follow when he turn and spy a familiar face . he look at the Old woman ... see she through the `window ' . dalton ( cont 'd ) come on , dad ! come on ! josh go ! I be right behind you ! dalton disappear as josh glare at the woman . josh ( cont 'd ) you ... what do you want from I ? he approach the mirror . we circle around the Old woman , past the mirror and through the bathroom wall , emerge on the other side in -- int . basement , lambert home , inside the further -- the basement . josh scream at the Old woman as she stare at he through what he think be a window . they have swapped place . he be now in the further , and she be in we world . josh get away the fuck away from I . I be not scared of you , just leave I alone ! get away from I ! we keep circle , wiping past josh 's back and complete a 360 degree turn , through the wall and back into -- 107 . int . bathroom , new house - continuous -- we world . the Old woman smile at josh 's rage . she find it amusing . with a eerily unblink gaze , she snuff out the plume of flame with a single puff of breath ... plunging the bathroom into darkness ... ... and snuffing out josh forever ... ... and ever . fade out .