insidious : chapter 2 written by leigh whannell Story by James Wan and leigh whannell November 2012 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library title over black : southern california , 1983 ext . lorraine 's house - establishing - night ( flashback ) a very ordinary house . that 's how you would describe it , if you see it . not ominous , but ordinary . a ordinary car arrive to join the house - a Honda Accord . it sputter to a halt curb side . a woman clamber out of it . we can not see she properly , she be hide in silhouette . she glare up at the two story house , pause . apprehensive . int . entry way / live room , lorraine 's house - night ( 1983 ) lorraine lambert ( 28 ) scamper to answer a knock at the door . she be clad in jeans and T-shirt ; a strong single mother who know how to be a father too . she peel the door open to reveal elise rainier ( 40s ) . the Honda Accord owner . elise you must be lorraine . lorraine you must be elise . elise you must be crazy to wear a T-shirt in this cold . elise crack up . she have a easy , infectious laugh . lorraine I be sorry it 's so late . my day job kinda make raise my son a night job . elise it 's fine . in my line of work , thing do not tend to happen until it get dark . int . live room , lorraine 's house - moment later lorraine guide elise into the spacious , well - light live room . elise gaze around , smile , surveying the house . a man be fiddling with a 16 mm camera in the center of the room , sit on a equipment box . this be carl stanaway ( 36 ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Carl be a soft -spoken , wise old soul . everything he say and do be consider and thoughtful . elise ahoy there , Carl . Carl look up , smile ruefully . he be relieved to see elise . he rise and embrace she . he look rag . carl thank you for come , elise . elise I be always happy to help . lorraine would you like some coffee ? or tea ? elise no , thanks . I have like to get start right away , if that 's okay . Carl tell I on the phone that you son be the one affect , be that right ? lorraine yes . that 's right . my son josh . elise May I meet he ? lorraine of course . i’1l go get he . lorraine hustle up the stair . Carl lower he voice to a grave whisper . carl I do not know what else to do . except call you . elise you have a terrible psychic presence that be make you sick and you think you have make it my problem ? she crack herself up again . Carl do not share it . elise explore the live room as Carl talk to she . she approach a series of frame photo tack to the wall . most of they be of a young boy . carl I start with the usual check . mental health test , medical record . all normal . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library elise beam as she eye trace across the photo , take by the young boy 's cuteness . carl ( cont 'd ) I interview the boy , but he do not want to tell I anything . he 's scared . I think maybe you could get something out of he . elise pause on one particular photo ... the boy at around ten . he be slouched on a couch in a baseball uniform . behind he be a set of drape , a lamp , all shroud in shadow , the exposure focus on the boy . carl ( cont 'd ) there 's definitely something in this house . I can feel it . it do not want I here . it 's the strongest presence I have ever feel . I be afraid of it , just like the boy . ( beat ) I need you help , elise . I fail . elise you worry too much , Carl . always have . this be not a exact science . elise turn back to the photo . her smile slowly deflate . a hint of concern in she eye . be there something in the shadow ? a person ? hard to tell by look . elise sense it . lorraine ( 0.s. ) she 's right there . elise start , jolted out of she focus . she turn to see lorraine herding the young boy from the photo down the stair - josh lambert ( 10 ) . lorraine tow and josh resist . lorraine ( cont 'd ) ( to josh ; firm ) come on , just say hi to she . she just want to talk to you for a little bit . you be not be polite , josh . no politeness , no baseball . josh see that elise be look at he . soften , embarrassed . young josh hi . elise hi josh . I be elise . josh muster a half -heart smile . distract . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library elise ( cont 'd ) you mom 's right , I have love to ask you some simple question . the good kind , the kind you can not get wrong . int . live room , lorraine 's house - later we see a Pov from the 16mm camera - it frame up josh , sit on the couch , pulsing in and out of focus at first . elise ( 0.s. ) do you like live here ? young josh yeah . elise ( 0.s. ) good for you . be there a lot of kid you age in this neighborhood ? young josh a few . one kid life next door . elise ( 0.s. ) oh , that must be nice . young josh Nah . he 's pretty lame . out of Pov - the camera whir as it chew up film . Carl operate the camera . lorraine observe from the corner , clutching a cushion like a life-preserver . elise be there anything you do not like about live in this house ? young josh no . elise nothing bad happen here at night ? a long beat . josh scan the room . young josh I get scared when it get dark . I be a wimp . elise no . you be not . it get dark for all of we eventually . and we be all scared of it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library josh be clearly not comfortable talk . elise change tact . elise ( cont 'd ) I would like to try something with you , josh . I promise it will not hurt . int . live room , lorraine 's house - later a hand light a candle . it be elise . the flame frolic across she face . the room be darker now . josh be still sit opposite elise . elise Close you eye . I want you to relax . josh gulp and close he eye . elise take out a metronome , prop it on the table next to she and set it in motion . tick...tick...tick ... elise ( cont 'd ) listen to the tick ... focus on it . tune everything else out . we pull around josh 's back , circle the room . elise ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) take a deep breath . feel yourself get sleepier ... when we complete the circle , josh be in a deep trance . the whole house be silent . Carl triggers the camera again . elise ( cont 'd ) I be go to ask you some question , and I want you to tell I the truth . can you do that ? josh reply in the narcotic tone of the hypnotize , he body as still and sullen as a sculpture . young josh yes . elise I want you to tell I who all the people be in this house right now . young josh I , my mom , elise , Carl ... and the old woman . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Carl look up from the camera , prickle by goosebump . elise what old woman , josh ? young josh she talk to I at night . elise what do she say ? young josh she want I to go with she . elise go with she where ? young josh out into the dark , where she life . elise where be she , right at this moment ? young josh I can not tell you . she do not like other people . only I . elise get up , lean in close to Carl and whisper . Carl open he equipment box and wrest two walkie-talky out of it , hand one to elise . elise how about if we play a game , josh ? it 's call hot and cold . i’1l1 walk around the house and you tell I if I be get warmer or colder . do you know that game ? young josh yes . Carl squat in front of josh , hold the walkie up to he mouth . elise leave the room , head for the kitchen . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - night a dark , spotless kitchen . elise shuffles inside , gaze into the murk . the walkie squawk in she hand . young josh ( v.o . ) ( from walkie ) cold . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . live room , lorraine 's house - night elise re-enter , pace the live room to the front door . young josh colder ... elise wander over to the stairwell . young josh ( cont 'd ) warm ... she take a step , then another , march up the stair . int . upstair corridor , lorraine 's house - continuous elise gape into the darken hall that yawn in front of she . young josh ( v.o. ) ( from walkie ) warmer . she pass a door . she open it - it be lorraine 's bedroom . int . lorraine 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - continuous elise leave the light off , stalking through the dark . young josh ( v.o. ) ( from walkie ) cold . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night elise step back into the corridor . at the end of the hall be a door decorate with colorful sticker . the door be ajar . a light be on inside . elise be draw to the door , hesitate in front of it . young josh ( v.o. ) ( from walkie ) very warm . elise prod the door . it keens as it open . the cluttere room of a pre-teen boy greet she . int . young josh' bedroom , lorraine 's house - continuous elise troops inside . she scan the room . it be devoid of life . a bedside lamp provide the only light . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library elise float to the window , peer through . she stoops down and lift the bed sheet ... unveil the mess under the bed . young josh ( v.o. ) ( from walkie ) cold . the closet door behind she creak as it move outward slightly . elise turn to face the closet . step towards it . young josh ( v.o. ) ( from walkie ) hot ... elise tread closer . young josh ( from walkie ) hotter ... she draw the closet door open . a row of baseball jersey 's dangle on coat-hanger inside it . young josh ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) ( from walkie ) very hot . elise cleave the row of clothes in half . she grope outward , reach into the pitch dark space beyond the coat hanger . slowly . int . live room , lorraine 's house - same time josh jolt , still in a trance . he turn , eye still close , face into the far corner of the room , into the shadowy corner where the drape be . young josh this door stay lock until I come out of my shell . click . the camera roll out of film . a garble , whisper voice spit out of the walkie . Carl hold it to he ear , listen . it 's elise . her whisper be barely audible , distant . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library elise ( v.o. ) ( from walkie ) ..- what do you want ?... why ? lorraine carefully approach josh . bend in front of he . lorraine honey ? be you okay ? honey ? elise no . he 's not okay . lorraine whip around to see elise , descend the stair . lorraine what do you see ? elise I see what haunt he . lorraine what be it ? elise it be a parasite . I speak to it . lorraine what do it want ? elise it want to be he . ( beat ) you son have a gift , miss lambert . when he sleep at night , he be able to explore another world . but it can be a dangerous gift . he can attract the attention of the darkest part of that world . lorraine what can you do to stop it ? elise I could wipe he memory of he gift . make he forget how to visit that world . lorraine turn to face she boy , still in a trance state . her fear and concern for she son swirl on she face . lorraine do it . make he forget . fade to black . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . title sequence - haunting title that recall the first film int . police station , interview room - day ( present ) a woman be hunch in a chair opposite a police detective . she be pale , traumatize , she face streak with tear . this be renai lambert ( 32 ) . the officer be detective terry sendal ( 40 ) . he regards renai with a relaxed , coax eye . a true professional who listen rather than speak . a crush silence envelope the stark room . finally : renal my son have be sick . det . sendal he be in a coma ? renal yes . det . sendal what be the cause of the coma ? renal no doctor could tell we . one morning he just would not wake up . we take he to the best hospital we could find , but they have no idea . eventually we bring he home . a nurse would monitor he ... but nothing would bring he out of it . sendal thumb through a medical report . renai ( cont 'd ) then thing start ... happen ... around the house . unexplain thing . I get so freak out that we move . but they keep happen . sendal you believe that there be some sort of ghost follow you ? renal more than one . I see they . sendal when do you hire the service of the decease , elise rainier ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library renal when we run out of place to go . sendal pick up a report , read from it . sendal it say in you report , renai , that last night at approximately ten pm , elise put you husband , josh , into a state of hypnosis . she do this as part of a ritual that she believe would allow josh to project he unconscious into a ... he lean in closer , stick on a word . sendal ( cont 'd ) ..- Spirit realm - I can not read my own handwrite - where he could locate you son and bring he back to consciousness . sendal look up . sendal ( cont 'd ) do you believe she ? renal I have to . sendal do you pay elise for this ? renal I never have the chance . sendal be this something you have be interested in before ? ghost ? the supernatural ? renal no . but it work . my son wake up . sendal what happen after he wake up ? renal I be in the kitchen with dalton . I be so happy to have he back . then I hear a noise come from the live room . I run in there to see what it be ... 11 . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . int . live room , new house - night ( flashback ) renai scurries into the live room . she be confront by the freeze death mask of elise , stock -still on the couch . with horror , renai seize a flashlight and flit down the corridor . renai ( 0.s. ) josh ! josh ! renai return to the live room . she rake up a digital camera from the floor . a image a Old woman be burn into the view window . renai gasp , she hand fly to she mouth . another hand grip she shoulder from behind . josh ( 0.s. ) renai ... I be right here . renai start , wheeling around . she see josh , dread in she tear - brimm eye . she reel away from he . renal no ! josh be alarmed by she fear . josh what ? what ?! renai keep back away . his mother , lorraine , and son , dalton , run into the room , startle by renai 's scream . lorraine renai ? renai say nothing - just point to elise . josh lock he eye on elise , he face drop . he seem horrify . josh oh Jesus ... elise ... he rush to she . josh ( cont 'd ) Mom , get dalton out of here ! lorraine shield he , hustling he out of the room , return quickly . she squat next to josh , feel elise for a pulse . josh ( cont 'd ) no ...no ... call a ambulance ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . lorraine she 's go . josh she could be -- lorraine she 's dead . josh seem like he might faint . he stagger back , then look up at renai . her eye be lock on he . josh why be you look at I like that , renai ? she back against the wall . josh ( cont 'd ) you think that I do this ? ( beat ) why be you look at I like that ? renai hold out the digital camera , show he the pixilate image of the Old woman . josh take the camera , stunne . renal it 's elise 's camera . it be by she foot . that 's the last picture she take . josh oh my God ... this face . I know this face . ( beat ) this be the face that haunt I as a child . int . interview room , police station - day ( present ) sendal study renai intensely . her every twitch . sendal so he claim he be out of the room when it happen ? renal yes . sendal do you believe he ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. renal he 's my husband . sendal that 's not what I ask . renal yes , detective . I believe he . sendal you know , ninety per cent of detective work be look for nose hair at a crime scene . the rest be people watch . I have to say , you body language right now tell I that you do not believe he . renal there be ... strange thing happen in we house that night . sendal I be not interested in ghost , Mrs. lambert . I be interested in the live people who create ghost . sendal push the file aside , sit back . sendal ( cont 'd ) it 's be a long night , so I be go to end it there for now . but you should know that we forensics team have already claim a result from the fingerprint on elise 's neck . renai hold she breath . sendal ( cont 'd ) the fingerprint do not match you husband 's . ext . cemetery - day the sun flare down on a large congregation of mourner . they be gather around a open grave . a casket be lower into the grave . lorraine , josh , renai and dalton hover over it . renai cradle cali , and foster slink behind josh , who be wear dark sunglass . we pan across the disparate group of griever . so many different age and race . a true mix , all dress in black . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15. one of the mourner be carl , who we meet in the open scene . he 's age a lot in the past thirty year , but still wear the same expression of pensive think . we finally come to rest on two man - specs and tucker . priest -..and this be not the end ... for though dear elise 's body may have leave we , she spirit go on to the kingdom of Heaven and the life everlast that await she there . specs look up , find josh in the crowd and stare at he . ext . cemetery - later the mourner dissipate , scatter like leave . specs and tucker meander away from the crowd , head down . a tall man in a ill-fitting suit huff up the hill behind they . this be david fox ( 47 ) . he be hold a folder of papers . fox gentlemen , a moment of you time ! they stop and turn , suspicious . fox ( cont 'd ) I have have some trouble reach you . you be not easy man to locate . tucker if the US government feel the same way then my plan be work . Fox hold out the folder . specs accept it . fox I want to give you this papers . I be David Fox , the attorney represent elise rainier 's estate . specs her estate ? fox you be Steven ' specs 's Fisher and tucker Croft , be you not ? do you work as elise 's assistant for the four year lead up to she death ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16. specs yeah , but ... fox as the executor of she last will and testament , I be here to inform you that elise leave a substantial amount of she estate to you gentleman . i’11l need you to come to my office so we can discuss the term and settle everything contractually . tucker take the file from specs 's hand , flipping through it . tucker be there one of we who get more in particular , or be it kind of a equal thing or ...? specs tucker ... fox I can not list every particular , but basically , she leave you guy she home ... and everything in it . ext . lorraine 's house - night - establishing the house we meet in the open scene . she 's weathered a little with age , but be still a home to be proud of . lorraine 's car veer into the driveway . int . lorraine 's house - night the front door groan open and the family lumber inside , still bedeck in they funeral black . the whole brood look dour , fatigue by the emotion of the day . josh and renai be lug gym -bag and suitcase . lorraine make yourself at home . my house be you house . josh , who be tote a sleep cali , reach out and take a bag from lorraine 's shoulder . josh let I take that . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17. lorraine I can manage . josh my mother teach I better than that . lorraine I ’1ll go and make up the bed . josh I will help . come on , guy . josh tow a sleepy dalton and Foster away , leave renai alone . she be a deer in the headlight . she step out of the doorway , surveying the house . the live room be recognizable as the live room from the open , with update furniture . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - night renai unload the dishwasher . she heave a stack of plate out of it , slotting they in a cupboard . lorraine enter , alarmed by the sight of renai work . lorraine oh no , renai , please let I do that . renal no , it 's fine . I want to do it . lorraine you really need to sleep . do not even worry about the dish . renal no , lorraine , I want to . I need something to do right now . lorraine okay . sorry . it 's hard for I to stop play mother . int . young josh 's bedroom - night the bedroom look much as it do when josh be a boy . toy cluster in box . the closet door face the bed . the main difference be that there be now two single bed on opposite side of the room , rather than one . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18. Foster recline across the mattress nearest to the window . dalton be in the bed by the door , read a book . he look up when he hear a knock . it 's josh . josh time for bed folk . foster oh , man . josh enter and slump down on dalton 's bed . josh we be gonna stay at grandma 's for a little bit , while the police work at we house . you will have fun . I love this room when I be a kid . dalton do you ever see anything bad in here ? josh no , I do not . and neither will you . dalton daddy , do die hurt ? josh no . it do not . it 's like ... fall asleep . it do not hurt to go to sleep do it ? dalton no . josh and you have get a lot of sleep to go before you have to think about that stuff . good night . he switch out the bedside lamp and leave . dalton thumb a flashlight on and continue to read . foster hey , dalton . dalton what ? foster look what I make . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . he climb out of bed and scurries over to dalton , hand he a plastic cup , then whip back to he bed , stretch out a string between the two bed . it 's a homemade tin-can telephone . Foster cover he mouth with the cup . dalton no , that 's stupid . foster come on . it really work . I wanna ask you something . dalton just ask I normally . dalton give up and place he ear up to he cup . foster ( through cup ) um ... what do you think of this ? dalton ( into cup ) it 's stupid . josh poke he head in . busted . the boy feign sleep . josh you think I be fall for that ? int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night - later night have drape its cloak over the house . all be in repose . int . bathroom , lorraine 's house - night the only sound be the occasional grunt of the house itself , settling into the earth . int . lorraine 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - night lorraine be splay out across she bed , asleep . a tv face the bed be on , a newscast dron quietly . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - later - night renai be still clean dish , drying off a orange mug with a towel . the kitchen be spotless now . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20. she be the only person still awake in the house . and then -- a baby cry interrupt the quiet . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night renai pad down the corridor , stop at a particular door . int . cali 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - night renai tip -toe inside . as soon as she do , the cry cease . the room be dark , save for a glow night light . renai lean over the crib - see that cali be sound asleep . unnerve , renai claw through a cluttere baby bag on the floor , fishing out two baby monitor . she set one down beside cali 's crib , exit with the other . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night renai head down the corridor , towards a bedroom . the baby monitor in she hand spit to life , the mournful cry of a infant emit from it . renai start , listen , then head back the way she come . int . cali 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - night renai shuffles inside . the cry on the monitor drain away . she freeze . the crib be empty . alarm , renai whip around the room , stop when she see she baby - asleep on the floor . renai scoops up she daughter , press she close . a all too familiar shiver of terror pass through she . she back out of the room , still cling to the baby . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night renai be lie in bed , awake , glaring at cali who be now lie next to she . josh be awake too , watch renai . josh be you okay ? do you want I to get you a sleep pill ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. no answer . josh ( cont 'd ) what be you think about ? renal nothing . josh it 's impossible to think about nothing . she turn away , annoyed by he probing . josh ( cont ’d ) I keep stare at dalton . I can not believe we have we son back . so why be you so upset ? renal I be upset because it 's not over . I be upset because we have we son back but there be a lot of unanswer question . josh such as ? renal what do you see in there ? josh I see thing you do not want to know about . renal yes , I do . I need to know . josh exhales . a long beat . this be difficult for he . josh it 's not a place where you see anything . it be dark . pitch black . exactly the way elise describe it ... like a void . there be people in there . they be scream , cry . stuck live out they worst moment on a loop . it be a place for people who die in a terrible way . renal like elise ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22. josh I do not know what happen to she , renai . renal yeah , you say that . the police ask I if I believe you . josh and what do you say ? josh reach for she hand and she flinch , get up . josh ( cont 'd ) okay . alright . let 's just get it all out there . let I answer all the accusation you be lie awake ' not think 's about . I do not do it , okay ? I do not kill elise . why would I ? how could I do that ? josh approach she and she back away . josh ( cont 'd ) what exactly be it that you think happen , renai ? tell I that . tell I you version of event renal that old woman in the photo ... josh what about it ? I do not know how it get there . I do not know why she show up in picture of I as a kid and I do not know now . renai still do not seem convinced . josh ( cont 'd ) we invite some extremely evil thing into we house that night and one of that thing murder elise . it 's as simple as that . you see they too . you see thing that cannot be explain rationally and now you want to explain elise 's death rationally . well , it can not be do . he grip she by the shoulder . josh ( cont 'd ) look at I . look in my eye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23. she drill he eye , inch from he face . josh ( cont 'd ) it 's I . you know it 's I . I swear on we child 's life . you have to believe I or we can not go on from this point right now . do you believe I ? the moment hang in the air . a long beat , until renai break . renal yes . she collapse into he and they entwine . ext . elise 's house - night specs and tucker stand outside a modest house . they be not wear white shirt and tie , instead more casually dress in t-shirt . specs approach the front door , let a batch of key fall out of a envelope . he rivet one of they into the lock , open the door . there be some mail at he foot . he scoops it up . it be address to elise rainier . int . live room , elise 's house - night specs tap a switch and recess lighting give a gentle ambience to a room full of quirky , fun bric -a- brac . there be a vintage pinball machine wedge into one corner . specs move past a table cluttere with photo . many shot be of elise with the two of they . he pick one of they up . specs all the stuff we have see , the ghost ... I feel like that should be a comfort somehow , like , we have firsthand knowledge that there 's something else . that she 's still with we . but it 's not . turn out the live version of someone be always better . tucker except for maybe ... Hitler . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24. specs what ? tucker I would prefer ghost Hitler to the live version . it 's not always better . specs you be sick . tucker I be just say ... technically ... specs place the photo down . tucker move to a door on the far side of the room . he fish through the key , try several in the lock . one after the other . then -- click . specs prod the door . it whine open and stab a blade of light onto a short set of step that descend into murk . specs you first . tucker Hunter ninja bear ? specs hurry up . tucker descend the step to another door , open it . int . reading room , elise 's house - night draped immediately behind the door there be a curtain . tucker part it , shuffle into a large , dark room with a small card table at the center , flanke by four chair . a hang lamp dangle above the table , which be cover by a red table cloth . tucker flick a switch and the lamp give off a pale glow , revealing a deck of tarot card fan out on the cloth . this room be also fill with bric-a-brac ... but not of the bright kind like upstairs . shelves be line with artifact of the occult , strange instrument , book on the afterlife . against the back wall be a filing cabinet , a 16mm film projector and a life size anatomical dummy . the dummy be wear the gas mask that elise once use to contact dalton . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . they open the filing cabinet , thumbing through and haul out a file label ' lambert , josh - 1983 's . tucker skim through the file ; through papers and handwritten note take down by elise . he find two roll of 16 mm film , hold they up for specs to see , mark lambert . CUT to : a montage of tucker thread film into the projector . CUT to : int . reading room - later specs kill the light and the projector lamp spit to life , a shaft of light wash the opposite wall in white grain . the film leader jerk and stutter before cut to a dirty , aging lock - off frame of young josh . he be slouched on a couch in a live room . the sound crackle and spit . elise ( in film ) do you like live here ? young josh ( in film ) yeah . tucker amateur frame ... just horrible . specs shhh . elise ( in film ) good for you . be there a lot of kid you age in this neighborhood ? young josh ( in film ) a few . one kid life next door . elise ( in film ) oh , that must be nice . young josh ( in film ) Nah . he 's pretty lame . elise ( in film ) be there anything you do not like about live in this house ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26. young josh ( in film ) no . elise ( in film ) there 's nothing bad that happen here at night ? specs and tucker exchange a unnerve glance . they turn back to the image . int . reading room - moment later specs and tucker be entrance by the footage . in it , they can now see carl , who stoops in front of Young josh , hold a walkie - talkie to he mouth . Young josh twitches . young josh ( in film ) hot ... hotter his body start to tremble . he jolt , then turn to face the murky corner of the room , where the drape be . eye still close . young josh ( in film ) ( cont 'd ) this door stay lock until I come out of my shell . the frame widen to reveal the whole room . it flutter white , then the leader run out . specs what the hell do that mean ? int . reading room , elise 's house - later ( montage ) a montage of specs and tucker cut the last few frame out of the film reel with scissors . they lay it on a computer scanner , copying it -- the frame appear on tucker 's laptop screen . they hunch in front of the computer screen , enlarge the image of the corner of the live room where josh be stare . the frame render , sharpen . there be a blurred shadow there . tucker trace he finger along the edge of the shadow . tucker be that a person ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . tucker crop the frame and move in again , focus in on the figure hide in the corner . shroud in shadow . this time , there be the definitive outline of a person . tucker crop it again , enlarge the face of the figure . when it render , it 's still too dark to make out any real feature . specs can you brighten it ? tucker peck at the keyboard . the image brighten . close on specs and tucker - they be stunne . we do not see what they see . specs ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... int . lorraine 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - night as opaque and still as the deep ocean . lorraine jolt awake with a yelp of fright , alert . she take in she surroundings , inhale . relieved . she peel back the sheet , climb out of bed . the tv be still mumble away . she flick it off with a remote . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night lorraine slink stealthily into the darken hall . she pass a open door . it be dalton 's new bedroom . she back up . int . young josh 's bedroom - night lorraine enter , crossing the dark room and loom over she sleep grand - child , watch they movement . she focus on dalton . his chest rise and fall . Light bleed in from the window . dalton twitches and mutter something unintelligible , sleep - talk . he roll over . dalton -..in...some ... lorraine ease down onto the bed . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . dalton mutter again . his voice be so quiet she can barely hear it . lorraine lean down close to he face , kissing he arm . lorraine please do not leave we again . this time , she hear dalton 's whisper sleep - talk . dalton there 's someone stand behind you , grandma ... lorraine's blood freeze . over she shoulder , we see what she do not ... the silhouette of a figure . stand behind lorraine . shroud in shadow . lorraine turn she head slowly ... very slowly . as she turn she head , the figure walk away , disappear . lorraine glower into the dark . she reach over and flick the bedside lamp on . it be bright enough to light the whole bedroom . she take a deep breath and get up , march to the door . a pitch black corridor extend beyond the door . inky black . she reach into the dark , grop for the hallway light switch on the wall next to the bedroom door . deathly quiet . lorraine 's finger find the switch . the light come on . the corridor be empty . she leave the light on . int . bathroom , lorraine 's house - night lorraine step into the bathroom , flick on the light , leave the door open . she open the mirror cabinet , pluck out a bottle of sleeping pill . she arch over the faucet , swallow a pill with a gulp of water . we hold on the open mirror cabinet . lorraine shut off the faucet , close the cabinet to reveal - -- nothing . no one be there . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . the curtain dance in the breeze , the bathroom window open . lorraine glance up at she reflection . in the mirror , she see a figure be stand in the corridor , face the wall . lorraine freeze with terror . keeping quiet . very slowly , she turn away from the mirror to face the door . we track with her , follow she eye to see that the figure be still stand there . this be no illusion . the figure look like a woman , in a short , dirty night gown . modern , not victorian . her scraggly , oily blonde hair coil down she back . she press she forehead against the wall of the corridor . lorraine 's eye be lock on the woman . the woman appear to be hold a baby . the baby have pale , dead skin . the woman turn she head , glaring over she shoulder at renai . eye like portal into Hell . the woman 's skin be wrinkle . the bathroom door groan as the breeze from outside push it close , block lorraine 's view of the woman . lorraine take a step towards the door . then another . she grip the handle ... and open the door . it creak open ... very slowly -- -- then slam shut as if pull ! lorraine scream , reeling back . she watch the door ... hear footstep . the door open . it 's josh . josh what happen ? lorraine I see ... someone . josh approach she . lower he voice , through gritt tooth . josh no . you do not . there 's no one here . if there be , that would scare my child . there be something about josh 's look . it 's hard . unsympathetic . lorraine gather herself . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library lorraine you be right . it be probably my imagination after everything . I be sorry . int . door way / live room , elise 's house - morning a knock at the door . specs open it to see lorraine . lorraine hello specs . specs hey . a awkward pause . lorraine I find out that you guy be here . can I come in ? specs open the door . lorraine step inside . lorraine ( cont 'd ) I be usually so happy to walk through that door . I have be hearing that laugh of hers by now . feel so empty here without that laugh . specs yeah , she like to laugh . we like she because she never laugh at we . like everyone else do . lorraine she be a great human . I be sorry . tucker all we be do right now be try to find out who or what kill she . lorraine take a seat on the couch , overwhelm . lorraine whatever it be that kill she ... whatever it be that be haunt we family ... it 's not do with we yet . last night , I see something in my house ... a woman . she look right at I . ( beat ) it 's still happen . it 's not over . I need you help . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31. specs and tucker exchange a look . tucker nod , give silent permission . specs come on , we wanna show you something . int . reading room , elise 's house - day specs and tucker lead lorraine into elise 's read room . specs do you remember the first time elise visit you house , to talk to josh when he be a boy ? lorraine I do a lot to try and forget that part of my life until recently . specs elise hypnotize he , and then ask he a series of question . lorraine yes . I remember . specs at the end of that session , josh say something strange . tucker slap he keyboard and the scene from the 16 mm footage open up in a view window on the screen . tucker this be the actual footage take that night . lorraine lean in , scared to watch . in the footage , Young josh turn and stare into the corner . young josh ( on laptop screen ) this door stay lock until I come out of my shell . tucker hit pause and the image freeze . tucker he be look at something in the far corner of the room . I cropped it and lighten the image . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32. on the screen - as tucker lighten the freeze frame of the far corner . a figure take shape . tucker zoom in . lorraine gasp . it be josh in the present . Young josh be speak to he older self . lorraine be weak at the knee . specs hold up the photo elise take before she die - the digital photo of the old woman . specs this be the last photo elise ever take , second before she be strangle to death . one would assume it 's a photo of she killer . lorraine I ...do not ... what be you say ? tucker we be say that , accord to elise 's file , a entity haunt josh as a child . a old woman . she want to lure josh out into the further so that she could take over he body . we believe that while josh be hypnotize , search for dalton , she may have finally get what she want . lorraine no...no ... it can not ... I have speak to josh . over the last few day . he 's with we . specs if we be right , that mean the real josh be still out there . lorraine what do we do ? tucker there 's only one person who can tell we what to do now . ( beat ) elise . lorraine but how do we talk to elise ... without elise ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house —- morning renai open she eye . she be alone in bed . josh and cali be go . she glance at the alarm clock - it read 10:07 am . renai sit upright , listen . hear voice outside . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - morning renai shuffles through the door . through the kitchen window she see josh , play with Foster in the backyard . josh be on he knee , push truck around . renai smile . dalton zombie- walk into the kitchen , tired . he sit at the kitchen table , eye down . he look afraid . renal Morning honey . what do you want for breakfast ? she kiss the top of he head . he do not react . renai ( cont 'd ) come on , it 's the weekend . you get to have whatever you want . take advantage of this one- time only opportunity . dalton I do not care . renai turn to he , concerned . see the fear on he face . renal what 's wrong , honey ? still no answer . renai sit opposite he . renai ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? ( beat ) come on , you can tell I . what 's the matter ? dalton I have a bad dream . a look of real fear ripple across renai 's face . dalton 's bad dream have far deeper implication after all that 's happen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. renal I be sorry . what do you dream about ? dalton I dreamt that ... I be in my bed at night and grandma walk in . int . young josh' bedroom , lorraine 's house - night ( dream sequence ) the bedroom be dark . Foster be fast asleep . dalton lie in he bed , eye open , face the ceiling . lorraine step inside the room , ease onto the edge of he bed ( we be see a repeat of last night 's scene ) . dalton stare at she , paralyze . she lean over and peck he arm with a kiss . seem not to know that dalton be awake . lorraine please do not leave we again . from dalton 's Pov , we see a figure stand behind lorraine , drape in shadow . dalton 's eye be filled with terror . dalton ( v.o. ) I could see someone else in my room . I tell she . dalton there 's someone stand behind you , grandma . lorraine turn she head , flood with fear . the figure leave the room . lorraine see that no one be there and then exit herself . dalton ( v.o. ) I get up to look for the person who be in my room . dalton creep out of bed . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night ( dream sequence ) dalton tip -toe down the corridor . a figure stand at the end of the hall - the same shadow he see in he room . dalton get nearer , the silhouette sharpen into clarity . it be josh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . dalton ( v.o . ) it be daddy . he be the one in my room . he be talk to someone . josh do not see dalton . he be talk to another figure , someone we cannot see or hear - only josh 's response . josh yes ... I understand ... I will , I promise . the figure talk to josh lean in and whisper something in josh 's ear . we see that the figure be a woman - the same woman lorraine see . josh turn and face dalton , eye burn with rage . dalton ( v.o. ) then daddy see I and he come after I . josh charge down the hallway towards dalton , a look of fury etched on he face . dalton retreat , scramble backwards down the hall . int . young josh' bedroom , lorraine 's house - night ( flashback ) dalton wake with a start . it be all a dream . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - morning - present dalton tremble at the memory . dalton be there something wrong with daddy , mom ? renal no . daddy 's fine . he 's ... just be through a lot lately . we all have . ( beat ) it be a bad dream , that 's all . she hug he . we see on she face , rest on dalton 's shoulder , that all be not fine with she at all . she move to the sink , pour herself a glass of water . she glare out at josh , still play in the backyard . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36. this time , as she watch she husband , she smile be go . a baby cry lilt into she ear , disrupt the silence . renai leave the kitchen and we track with her into -- int . corridor , lorraine 's house - continuous -- the hallway . she plod up the hall , towards the stair , pass the entrance to the live room . Inside the live room , on the far side of the room , we can see a woman hold a baby , she back to we . renai keep go , not notice the woman ... ..+- until she hear the warble of the baby . renai halt - back up and glaring into the live room . she see the figure pace , soothing the infant . renal cali ... the woman walk past the doorway on the other side of the live room , no longer in view . evaporate . int . live room , lorraine 's house - continuous renai forges ahead , chest rise and fall . petrify . she reach the arched doorway where the mysterious woman disappear . she stall for a moment , collect herself ... then stride through the doorway . no one be there . the woman be go . renai take off , streaking through the live room -- int . stairwell , lorraine 's house - continuous -- and up the stair -- int . cali 's bedroom , lorraine '’s house - day -- into cali 's room . where she find cali asleep . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37. the wail of a baby cry interrupt . int . live room , lorraine 's house - day renai descend the stair , enter the live room . once again the woman be pace around in the corner . the woman step out of view . renai approach . slowly . quietly . when she reach the corner where the woman lurk , there be no sign of she . all be mute . though it be daytime , the room be darker . renai step into the center of the live room and we track around her . there be no sign of the woman . we stop tracking around renai , see she from the back . for a moment , all we can hear be renai 's breathe -- -- until a hideous woman step out to the side from right in front of renai , clutching a pale baby in one arm ! woman do not you dare ! the woman slap renai across the face with potent force . renai reel back , stunne , spilling onto the floor . ( it be the woman that lorraine saw in the hallway ) . renai howl , whipping she head back and seeing no one . the woman be go . dalton rush in , alarmed by she shriek . the back door open and josh barrel inside . renal I see one of that thing again - she hit I ! she slap I ! josh take dalton outside . now . renai simply sit , too stunne to move . josh ( cont 'd ) dalton , take you mother outside . renal no , josh , she hit I , you can not -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. josh I can . I be not afraid of this thing anymore . go outside . dalton scuttle over and aid renai to she foot . they exit , leave josh all alone . he amble into the live room . eerie quiet envelop he . a long beat of nothing . finally : josh ( cont 'd ) be you there ? ( beat ) show yourself . we circle around josh . no response come forth . josh ( cont 'd ) where be you ? the sound of breathing rise - the rasp wheeze of a asthmatic , whistling through phlegm . josh ( cont 'd ) where be you ? josh turn , he eye landing on a pair of feet , visible below the lace curve of the curtain . a figure be hide there . josh approach the figure . he be calm . stop short , in front of the curtain . keeping a safe distance , head bow . josh ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? a eye peek out from behind the curtain - a blacken bulb of despair , glaring at josh . we hear a voice . a whisper drag through gravel . woman I want you to be a good girl . kill they . josh yes , mother . josh keep he eye down . he look up into the mirror mount to the wall above the fireplace . in it , he see he own reflection - behind he be another figure . it be josh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . he stare helplessly from beyond , a look of terror on he face . we push into the mirror , so close that we bleed into it , enter the reflection itself . int . live room , beyond mirror ( the further ) - continuous a dark world beyond the mirror - the further version of lorraine 's live room . limb of mist swirl like tentacles . we circle around the two figure - only now we see the true version of they . josh have be replace by a old woman . behind he , we see the real josh . he be terrify , dumb found . the Old woman smile at josh . old woman you will never get back in . the shadow be you home now . we keep circle around josh , move through the mirror once more and back into -- int . live room , lorraine 's house - day - continuous -- we world . the Old woman appear as josh , who we will now call possessed josh . possessed josh I have to go now . you wife need I . his smile widen and he turn and walk away . ext . elise 's house - night gloom settles over elise 's house . int . reading room , elise 's house - night tucker study the frame of film on he computer . lorraine pace . specs hunch in the corner , chew he nail . a light flicker on near the door , emit a buzz . a doorbell . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. specs rise , check a small black and white security monitor by the door . it display a lock - off shot of elise 's front door step . on it , he can see a man . wait patiently . specs he 's here . specs hasten up the stair . we hear the front door open , inaudible chatter . footstep thump overhead , the floorboard complain . specs tromp back down the stair , follow by another man - it 's carl ( 60 ) . he duck as he step into the read room , take a moment to survey the group . lorraine stand . lorraine hi Carl . it 's be a long time . carl yeah , that 's right , I be a young man once , be not I ? look like I do the aging for the both of we . lorraine stop it . they hug . carl the hand of the clock . unmerciful in they relentless march forward . lorraine Carl , this be tucker . Carl turn and shake hand with tucker . tucker elise talk about you a lot . Said you be the second best person she ever work with . Carl laugh . carl second best be generous . he drink in the room . all the antiquity and memento . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. carl ( cont 'd ) I be at the funeral . I be sorry I do not come and talk to you , lorraine . I be not myself . lorraine I do not think any of we be . carl I would be meaning to catch up with she ... to call she . I always put it off until next week , you know ? I forget that week be just year chop up into little bit . then a decade go by . and now she 's go . lorraine maybe you will have you chance to say you goodbye 's . specs we have question that need answer . and the only person we can think of to ask be elise . lorraine please help we , Carl . carl it 's be a long time ... since I have do that . I do not know if ... tucker we have a lot of equipment that can assist you . lorraine please . Carl shoot she a look ... then take off he jacket . carl we will need a candle . int . reading room , elise 's house - night - later a rapid montage - specs and tucker organize the room the way elise would for a seance . the table be set , a candle at the center . four chair surround it . Carl take a seat at the head , flanke by the other . the room be pitch black , save for the candle flame . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. tucker set a strange device on the table - a old speak not spell toy , modify and meld with a radio device . tucker I call this a wiki-board . it 's my own version of a ouija board . we have have pretty amazing success with it in term of contact . carl be you serious ? specs they just do not make toy anymore like they do in the eighty , huh ? tucker shoot specs a glare . he raise a microphone on a gimbal , like a desk - lamp , to Carl 's mouth . tucker you speak into this . you then ask the entity to speak through the device . they answer will appear on the display . I can show you some read out of dialogue we have have in the past if you -- specs there 's no time for that . tucker there 's plenty of time , but anyway . carl it 's a little unorthodox , but ... ( beat ) first thing we need be quiet . the room fall eerily soundless . Carl close he eye . carl ( cont 'd ) elise ... we be call out to you . give we a sign if you be there . a long beat of human breath ... and nothing more . carl ( cont 'd ) tell we if you can hear we . another long wait . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. carl ( cont 'd ) please elise ... we need to speak to you . we need you help . use this device to talk to we . be you there ? and then - a SOUND . the soft tone of a letter appear on the speak N spell display . the letter y. then E. then ss. y-e-s. everyone suck in a sharp breath . the candle flame flicker . carl ( cont 'd ) elise , we need to know who kill you . tell we . tucker clear the screen for the next answer . a long beat - then m -i-c-h-e-l-l-e . specs Michelle ... carl where be Michelle now , elise ? a letter h appear . then i. h-i-d-d-e-n. carl ( cont 'd ) Hidden where ? elise ? i-n-s-i-d-e. carl ( cont 'd ) Inside what ? Inside who ? t-h-i-s h-o-u-s-e they ponder the word - until pounding on the front door and the buz of the doorbell collectively startle they !! they all lash they head towards the ceiling . specs rise . the clobber be insistent , urgent , frenzied . bangbangbang !! specs hop to the front door monitor . there be no one on it . the buffete din suddenly cease . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 . specs there 's no one there ... they hear the front door OPEN ... then footstep above they . measure . deliberate . they eye follow the footstep as they make they way across the floor ... .-.- down the stair that lead to the read room . closer. closer . stop in front of the door . a moment lull -- -- then smashing on the door erupt . bang ! bang ! bang ! specs approach the door . grip the door handle . then turn it . he be meet with a mouth of pitch darkness , betray no one . he take a step through the door ... then another ... advance into the dark . he flick a flashlight on , swinging it up -- -- seeing a ghastly figure right in front of he !! it be the old woman who slapped renai . her face be literally inches from specs 's face ! specs fly back into the room , shove by the woman , smashing into the reading table ! the candle go out and the room be drown in total darkness . not ' movie dark 's - but pitch black . tucker flick another flashlight on , swatting the beam around the room - - find the gas mask stare at he . the anatomical dummy be stand beside he . it reach out - as tucker scream , scramble back . Carl stand up as lorraine scream . carl leave US ! he hurl the wiki-board device at the floor , sever the communication . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . the light blink on - revealing a empty room . the anatomical dummy be splay across the floor . a distant scream echoe out from the headphone attached to the gas mask . tucker listen ! he lift the headphone , hearing the recede wail of a torture soul . it shrink into nothingness . go . specs look ... everyone turn to face he . he wander over to the strewn wiki-board , sifting through its part to lift the word display . it say philip our lady of the angel specs ( cont 'd ) Philip ... we lady of the angel . what do that mean ? lorraine we Lady of the angel be a hospital . ( beat ) I know because I use to work there . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night renai drag dalton and Foster through the live room . possess josh watch she scramble to find she car key . renal where be my god damn key ...? she locate they , a ball of stress . renai ( cont 'd ) I be go out . I be take the kid out for a while . I have to get out of here . possessed josh I ’l1l be here . she leave without say goodbye , close the door behind she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. possess josh stand at the window , peer through at renai as she load the kid into she car . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - moment later possess josh run he eye over the photo 's of Young josh . then , around age nine , the photo abruptly stop . the wall be blank beyond they . he step in close to one - of Young josh grin on the couch . a slight smile curl across he face . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - night possess josh rifle through the stuff refrigerator , finger linger over each item of food like it be gold . he retrieve a armload of food , set it on the counter . he open a carton of milk , drink hungrily from it . relishing every drop . next , he take a bite of some RAW steak , rip and tear at it like a animal . he close he eye as he do , the sensual experience of eat overwhelming he . he chew slowly , savore every moment . the cry of a baby interrupt . possess josh be alarmed by it . he set the steak down . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night possess josh wander into the bedroom , glaring at the baby , fascinate . he scoops she up , rock she gently . possessed josh shhh ... he press he nose to the baby 's face , inhale she scent . then - he freeze , set the baby down , alarmed by a sudden jolting agony in he jaw . he reach into he mouth and extract a single bloody tooth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. int . bathroom , lorraine 's house - night possess josh enter , lean into the mirror and pry he lip up , examine the crater in he gum where the tooth be . he look down at the tooth in he palm . as he do , he curl he finger around it . the fingernails be yellowing . parched . with terror , he turn he hand over . the skin be withere , wrinkle . not to a alarming degree , but enough for someone this close to notice it . his fingerprint be different . this be not the hand of a young man , but the aging hand of the elderly . he eye the mirror . see a patch of grey hair at he temple . possessed josh no ... not yet . not yet . please no ... ext . our lady of the angel hospital - night this hospital have be around for a hundred year , but many addition have modernize it . int . front desk , our lady of the angel hospital - night a normal , bustling hospital . lorraine wait with specs , Carl and tucker at the reception station . a man in surgeon 's scrub approach . this be ian nankervis ( 52 ) , a longtime resident of this hospital . ian hey stranger . lorraine hey yourself . they hug . lorraine ( cont 'd ) you look great , Ian . ian thanks . who know that exercise have its benefit , huh ? lorraine this be my friend Steven , tucker and Carl script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. Ian shake hand with they all . ian I be pretty intrigue by what you say on the phone . lorraine well , be I right ? most of my work be in the East wing right ? ian right , but it 's all close now . for two year . eventually they be demolosh it , if they ever get they act together , and they be put up a whole new building . lorraine so we could we take a look around ? ian let I get security up here . you will need a someone with you , but I do not see why not . int . east wing of hospital - night this section of the hospital have be close and emptied out . there be scattered piece of equipment , but the hall be eerily empty . trash and dust everywhere , a place neglect . lorraine , specs , Carl and tucker wander down the hall with a Hispanic security guard , jesus ( 38 ) . jesus you can take a look around , just be careful , there 's some rough spot . lorraine thanks . Jesus stay behind at the nurse station , and the trio keep amble down the long corridor , poke they head into various abandon room . they round a corner , lose sight of Jesus . lorraine ( cont 'd ) I do not know what we be look for . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . specs now that we be here , forget the actual hospital and think about the name Philip . lorraine I mean , I see hundred , thousand of patient . it 's impossible to pick out a name like that . they wander , specs and tucker split off , examine different room . some sunlight stream in , but there be also darker section without window . we stay with lorraine and Carl as they roam the hall . they round a corner , face another long corridor . they shuffle down it . lorraine be melancholy , flood with memory . lorraine ( cont 'd ) this be kind of overwhelming . I walk up and down this hallway for a long time , spend every minute of my day try to keep people from die . I think I be do good . ( beat ) now I be under attack from the other side . from the dead . it make I question if I do something wrong . how do I bring this on my family ? why will not they leave we alone ? carl you do not do anything wrong . the fact that you be a good person be what draw they to you . they want to corrupt that . but they can not . all be quiet . lorraine open a door , glaring into a long abandon utility closet . Carl stop walk , affect by something . he close he eye , take in some unseen signal . lorraine what be it ? Carl do not answer . he turn to face a door beside he . close on he face - it be paint with a fearful expression . flash frame insert : the face of a elderly man , gaping with wide eye ... unnerving , unblinking . Carl backtrack from the door . lorraine sidle up next to he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. carl here . in here . int . patient room - continuous they shamble into a small patient care room , a gurney still lie in it . wire coil on the floor where medical equipment have be remove . lorraine 's eye scour the wall , eventually ascend to the ceiling . there be a large brown stain there . now it be lorraine 's turn to be afraid . lorraine I remember this room .. flashcut to : int . corridor , our lady of the angel - day ( flashback ) it be 1983 . the east wing of the hospital have return to its bustling heyday . lorraine hike down the corridor in a nurse outfit . Young josh be at she side . lorraine shoulder into one room . int . patient room 1 - day ( flashback ) a sprightly woman of about seventy look up from a crossword . she be lie on the bed , a iv in she arm . note - the dialogue in this scene be remove , muffle ... as if hear from a distance . elderly patient Morning . lorraine hi audrey , this be my son , josh . he 's come to work with I today . audrey well , hello there to you . int . corridor , our lady of the angel - day ( flashback ) lorraine keep move , very busy . she check the name on another room , enter carefully . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. int . patient room 2 - day ( flashback ) a older man lie on the bed , asleep . this be philip ( 5as ) . lorraine indicate to josh to keep quiet , check the chart at the end of the bed . josh fiddle , bored . he approach the sleep man , then glance over the personal belonging pile beside the bed . there be a framed photo of a woman ( 60' ) . she stare into the camera with a vacant , spectral glare . this be the woman that slapped renai . josh giggle . lorraine shhh . lorraine give he the death glare , then busy herself with he chart . josh turn he attention back to the photo . young josh this lady look weird . in the same shot , he turn back to the sleep patient -- -- suddenly face to face with Philip ! he be sit up in bed , scowling at josh , inch from he face ! josh scream . philip her name be Michelle ! josh wail as lorraine rush to separate they . lorraine struggle to pry he finger away . another male nurse rush in , pin the patient down . philip ( cont 'd ) she would not let I leave !! I be just a boy ! the craze patient keep he eye fix on young josh as he scream , spittle fly . the nurse inject he and he calm slowly . int . patient room - day ( present ) lorraine shake the memory off . specs and tucker wander in . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. specs anything ? lorraine I have a patient in here once . in this room . I remember I bring josh into work with I one day and this man , this patient of mine , he scream at josh . tucker when be this ? lorraine it be ... right around the time josh start have nightmare . tucker do you remember anything about he ? lorraine he have cut himself . at first , he say it be a accident . we suspect that he do the cut himself . carl what happen to he ? lorraine glare down at the bed . lorraine a few day later I see he again . flashcut to : int . elevator , our lady of the angel - day ( flashback ) lorraine rush for the elevator , grab it just in time . she depress the button for the lobby . it lurch and descend . she pivot and clap eye on the elderly man who scream at josh , philip . he be the only other person on the elevator . he stare at lorraine with eerily unblink eye . lorraine good to see you . feeling better I see , up and about . philip yes . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. lorraine that 's good . be you check out ? philip yes , I be . lorraine well , great . that 's good . philip I very much enjoy meeting you . and you son . lorraine I be sorry about everything that happen with he . he be be a nosy kid . I should not have bring he on my round . philip that 's quite alright . I have a temper . I have like to make it up to he . lorraine give a uneasy look , mask with a smile . lorraine he 's okay . he 's learn he lesson . philip what I would not give to be he age again . lorraine would not we all ? philip to have that bedroom fill with toy , and all that finger painting on the wall . lorraine 's smile fade a little . the elevator stop and the door open . lorraine how do you ...? Philip alight the elevator , walk away into the corridor . int . front desk , our lady of the angel hospital - day ( flashback ) spook , lorraine navigate the crowd to the nurse station at the lobby . a nurse look up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. lorraine Excuse I , I be wonder if I could get some info on a patient ? he 's check out today . nurse name ? lorraine room 104 . he come in with a laceration . the nurse skim through some file , pluck one out . nurse oh ... do you mean ...? lorraine what ? nurse um ... that patient die this morning . he commit suicide . there 's detective up there now . lorraine no , no he do not . I just speak to he on the elevator not thirty second ago . nurse it say here that they pronounce he dead at 6:14 am . Three hour ago . the color drain from lorraine 's face . int . patient room - night ( present ) specs and tucker be utterly rivete by the story . specs take out a notepad and pen , scrawl on it . tucker what be you do ? specs write it down . that be a great fuck ghost story . carl how do he kill himself ? do you remember ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . lorraine he hang himself . carl do the incident with josh begin happen before or after he die ? lorraine after . later that year ... carl what be he name ? a long beat . lorraine Philip . his name be Philip . int . record room , our lady of the angel hospital - night a cavern of paperwork . a abyss of administration . Ian lead lorraine , Carl , specs and tucker down a narrow aisle between row and row of hospital record . he slide out a box of file . in montage - we see Ian , flick through various page of yellowing file . he land on one in particular - philip crain . lorraine accept it from he . lorraine thanks , Ian . specs , tucker and Carl crowd over she shoulder , scan the information write on the paper . Carl focus in on the address write below Philip 's name - 4471 arrow avenue . flash frame insert : a SMALL dark house ... then the face of a woman , enraged . stand over a young girl . Carl draw in a deep breath , affect by the vision . carl that address ... there 's something there . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. int . live room , lorraine 's house - night the front door open and renai enter with Foster and dalton . josh appear from the kitchen . foster dad ! possessed josh hey buddy , come here . Foster scramble to he and they hug . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) do you have fun with mom ? foster yeah . possessed josh do anything exciting happen ? foster hmmm ...no . possessed josh you sure ? maybe you get in a fight ? he playfully wrestle Foster to the floor , attack he . Foster cackle , loving it . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) I be gonna eat you ! renal stop it , guy . you will break something . possessed josh boo . you be kill we fun . Foster gather himself up off the floor and sprint away . josh notice he hand - it be a little wrinkle . he hide it with he sleeve as renai leave . only dalton be leave . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) hey son . dalton hey dad . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - night renai tidy up . she seem a million mile away , lose in she own thought . possess josh enter , hugging renai from behind . renal you mom have not come home . possessed josh I know . renal I be worried . possessed josh do not be . he rub she stomach , kissing she neck and she ear . renal this be not ... possessed josh this be not what ? a sly smile break out on she face . he lead she away . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night possess josh and renai push into the bedroom , close the door behind they . they fall back onto the bed . renai giggle . possess josh be not laugh - he be catch up in the moment . he kiss she neck and she body , grow more intense . renal josh , calm down . he do not , clamping a hand over she mouth and nose . she rip he hand away and sit up . renai ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ? possessed josh what ? forgive I for want to have sex with my wife . renal I can not breathe when you do that . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. possessed josh you be go to leave I here like this ? renal it 's you own fault . possessed josh you know , I be get tired of you , renai . you have you son back and you be still not happy . you skulk around here all day like a miserable , ungrateful bitch . renal that 's because this thing ... they be never go to leave we alone . we be surround by ghost . ( beat ) it 's like we be already dead . possessed josh no . it 's not . this house , this light , it 's nothing like be dead . I know . I know what it 's like where this thing exist . I have see it . they want what you have - life . that 's all they want . there be a grim certainty to josh 's word that scare renai . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) so you have no idea how much you be waste you life by be afraid of they , because very soon ... you 's 1ll be one of they . and you 'il realize you should have be happy for you brief little moment in the sun . renal well , unlike you , I be not think about myself . I be think about we kid . in case you have forget , one of that thing nearly take we boy from we . and they be still here and I be scared to death they be go to try and do it again . ( beat ) so forgive I if I can not enjoy the sunshine with you , but from where I be stand , thing still look pretty dark . she leave , slamm the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . ext . lorraine 's house - night the house be dark . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - night the monotonous rhythm of a drip faucet . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night curtain lull in a breeze . int . young josh 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - night light out . dalton and Foster sleep like the dead . close on dalton - he eyelid twitch . a voice slither out of the darkness , barely audible . voice ( 0.s. ) dalton ... dalton rouse . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) dalton , wake up . dalton open he eye . listen . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) dalton ... dalton turn and see the cup that Foster fashioned a phone out of , rest on he pillow near he head . the voice be come from the cup . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( from cup ) dalton ... perturb , dalton scoops up the cup , annoyed to be wake . he sit up , squinting across the room at Foster , unable to see he . it 's too dark . he speak into the cup . dalton ( into cup ) what ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. he press he ear to the cup . voice ( 0.s. ) ( from cup ) I want to show you something . dalton clamp he flashlight , aim it at Foster 's bed and flick it on . he see that Foster be fast asleep . with dread , dalton trace the flashlight beam down to the string that lead from he cup . it trail along the floor ... dalton keep follow it ... all the way to ... ... the closet . the string lead up into a gap in the closet door . someone be hold onto the other end inside there . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( from cup ) dalton ... dalton be a statue of terror - eye lock on the closet . he finally lift the cup to he mouth . dalton ( into cup ) who be you ? voice ( 0.s. ) ( from cup ) a old friend . dalton ( into cup ) what do you want ? we close in on the closet . dalton turn he ear to the cup again , strain to hear the sibilant whisper . voice ( from cup ) what 's mine . dalton turn back to face the closet - and shriek !!! perched on haunch at the end of dalton 's bed be the red face demon who terrify dalton , leer like a harlequin ! dalton scramble backwards , a cry of terror reverberate through the house . he rip the bed sheet over he face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. the door open and renai barrel in , flick the light on . renal honey , be you okay ? what 's wrong ?! dalton tear the sheet away , still numb with fear . dalton lock eye with she . renai stare with mortal dread into she son 's eye . she hug he , press he tight . dalton stare over she shoulder . his father enter the room ... or what look like he father . dalton be afraid of he . ext . philip 's house - night pale headlight arc across a wringht iron gate . tucker 's van pull up outside a neglect estate . a aging mansion loom out of the sable surroundings beyond the gate , at the head of a short driveway . int . tucker be van - same time tucker squint at the grounds in front of they . tucker Gate 's open . ext . philip 's house - same time tucker nudge he van through the groan gate , piloting it down the driveway to a halt . the gang disembark the van , glaring up at the house . no light be on inside or out . Carl shiver , unable to take he eye off one particular window in the top corner . lorraine do you feel something ? carl they call my ability a talent ... but a talent be something to be thankful for . ( beat ) this house be not a place where good thing have happen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. specs knock on the door . no answer . he squat , wrenching a handful of envelope stuff in a mail slot . the envelope be moldy , age . he tear one open - a electrical bill . specs this bill be four month old . smash ! they all whirl around to see tucker wield a blunt instrument , clear shard from the window . tucker look they leave a window open . int . live room , philip 's house - night specs and tucker assist lorraine through the break window . Carl snap the light switch on and off . nothing . tucker click open a large equipment case , hand out flashlight to specs and Carl . he take out a strange device , affixing it to he face . it resemble a welding mask with three camera lense jutting out of it , form a triangle . Carl , lorraine and tucker step forward . specs stay where he be . lorraine turn around . lorraine be you okay ? specs have tear in he eye . specs we have never go into a house before without elise . I guess ... it just hit I that she 's go . the finality of it . lorraine hug specs , lead he into the house . from tucker 's Pov - night -vision view of the live room , in different degree of UV light . the mask automatically click between the three different filter . click...click ...click . specs follow tucker with a flashlight . click...click...click . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. Carl swoops he flashlight across the room . box be stack , pile on rotting newspaper . specs ( cont 'd ) somebody call hoarder ... whoever live here be a complete shut - in . the house be in putrid decay ... as if the wall themselves be live thing that have long ago die . peel wallpaper , drip in some unfelt heat . insect cluster in pile of rotting food . int . stairwell / upstair corridor , philip 's house - night the four of they advance up the stair . specs take out a handkerchief , cover he nose . specs what be that smell ? lorraine something you never forget once you have work in a hospital . they creep down the corridor , reach a set of double door . specs open they . int . master bedroom , philip' house - night specs lead the other into a large bedroom with soar ceiling and a large bed cover by a canopy . the four of they swat they flashlight onto it , reacting to a intolerable stench . tucker lift he goggle . Carl part the curtain cover the bed , revealing the skeletal corpse of a old woman , lie across the mattress , eye fix and open . lorraine my God ... I have see she ... CUT to : int . bathroom , lorraine 's house - night ( flashback ) lorraine gape with horror at a woman stand in the hallway of she home , hold a baby . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. int . master bedroom , philip 's house - night lorraine step closer . specs josh be haunt by a old woman . lorraine lean in very close . lorraine not by she . I have say this woman 's only be dead about three week . maybe a month . she look about eighty . there be a large locket around she neck . tucker open it - inside be a photo . tucker pries it free . it be a shot of the woman they see with a young boy , around 11 . on the back , the word michelle and philip . carl this be Michelle . Philip be she son . int . upstair corridor , philip 's house - night the gang cluster back into the hall , approach another door . int . philip 's bedroom , philip' house - night a large bedroom unveil itself in the pale glow of the flashlight . the room be large , with a soar ceiling and a fireplace . toy be gather in one corner - dozen of doll and a rock horse . a bed rest against a window , the sheet decorate with frilly lace . immaculately make , but sodden with mold . specs peek in through the window of a doll house , see eerily still figure sit at a dining table . Carl step into the center of the room . what no one in the group sees be a pair of eye stare at the group over a cabinet . someone be crouching behind it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65 . carl this must be Philip 's room . lorraine it look like a girl bedroom . as they face the wall , a teenage girl emerge from behind the cabinet , march outside the room . they do not see it . the floorboard creak and Carl wheel on the sound . all be then quiet again . Carl approach the doorway ... slowly ... slowly ... the teenage girl run past the doorway ! carl leap back with a yelp ! he bolt outside the room , follow the girl . int . upstair corridor , philip 's house - continuous the group trample out of the bedroom , follow the teenage girl . they hear she scamper down the stair and they follow she -- int . live room , philip 's house - continuous -- down into the cavernous live room . Furniture be cover . they huddle together , whipping they flashlight around . specs look ... they snap they attention to a cat . sitting in the center of the live room , staring at the wall . the cat pay no attention to they , fixate on the wall . carl what 's she look at ? tucker set he case down , pull he goggle on and step up to the wall . through he Pov - the bone- white wall flick between different shade of UV light . click ... click ... click ... then , in one of the filter - a messy collage of dark handprint be suddenly visible . all of the handprint be concentrate in one area of the wall . tucker jolt , then lift the goggle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66. tucker there 's something here . handprint . tucker and specs run they finger over the wall , find nothing . tucker push on the wall . a hidden door click OPEN . tucker push the door open , a vault of air escape it . a pitch black room lie beyond it . tucker aim he flashlight into it . Carl step closer , then stagger back . palpable terror blaze in he eye . carl no...no ... I can not go in ... he fall onto a couch , shake . stare up at they . carl ( cont 'd ) there 's too much suffer in there . tucker it 's okay . we will go . ( turn to specs ) after you . specs step inside . int . dark chamber , philip 's house —- continuous a dank , stark cell . a wire - spring bed without a mattress rot in one corner , a tatter , soile blanket throw across it . a tray of medical instrument be beside the bed . a rusted needle , a clamp , a scalpel and a stethoscope . tucker squat , find a large case in the corner . he open it , find a stack of newspaper article . headline scream out from they : '' m killer still at large '' , '' FOURTH young woman to go missing this month '' , '' letter ' m 's confirm murder work of one killer '' , '' letter m murder remain unsolved '' . all of the article be related to one serial killer case . the paper be yellowing , fade . the collection of a proud killer . in one of the article , a crude police sketch of the suspect . it be philip' face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 . lorraine that 's he ... that 's Philip . specs the m killer . I remember this case . serial killer be one of my other hobby . besides chase demon . it 's a unsolve case . tucker until now . int . live room , philip 's house - same time Carl sift through tucker 's equipment case , haul out he wiki-board . he turn it on , close he eye . carl I be talk to the spirit who bring we here ... you be not elise be you ? a long beat pass . Carl glance down at the wiki-board . it say no . carl ( cont 'd ) who be you ? the word be slowly type out : U - p-s-t-a-i-r-s. carl ( cont 'd ) Michelle ... int . dark chamber , philip 's house - same time specs , lorraine and tucker sift through the article . specs turn around , face the wire mattress . there be someone lying on it . it be the teenage girl . she stand up , screeching at they in a unholy tenor . teenage girl heeeeelllppp meeee !!!!! the three of they scream , spilling out of the room . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68. int . live room , philip 's house - continuous the trio fumble backwards , slamm the door behind they . ext . philip 's house - night they stand outside the house , spook . unsure of what to do next . lorraine we have get to know for sure that something be wrong with josh before we do anything . carl I will do it . you get he alone in the house , take he wife and kid away . ( beat ) if I look he in the eye , talk to he ... if there 's something wrong I will sense it . int . front door , lorraine 's house - night the lock jiggle , grunt as it be open . lorraine edge inside , keep quiet . int . upstair corridor , lorraine 's house - night lorraine kick off she shoe , skitter barefoot down the hallway . she stop herself when she reach the guest room where renai and josh be sleep . she open the door . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - continuous renai be asleep with dalton and Foster beside she , she arm curl around dalton . josh be not in the bed with they . int . young josh 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - night lorraine inch stealthily into the dark bedroom . with each step , the floor creak . she wince . she stand over the slumbering josh , at the foot of the bed , watch she son . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . she leave . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night ( the further ) renai twitches in she sleep . we be close on she face . she open she eye . the room be unnaturally quiet . she sit up , sleepy . her child be go . she be alone in bed . renal dalton ? Foster ? she strain to see in the drip black around she . then she see it - dalton be stand at the end of the bed . stare at she . renai ( cont ’d ) honey ? dalton walk sluggishly around to the side of the bed . he take renai 's hand , pull she out of bed . he lead she through the door . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night ( the further ) they footstep do not make a sound as they walk . dalton lead renai into the dark . renal where be you take I ? dalton into the dark place . he point towards the end of the corridor . dalton ( cont 'd ) they be over there . renai glare into the dark , see josh , talk to someone , just as dalton describe in he dream . josh turn and see renai . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night renai open she eye with a start , awaken from she dream . dalton be lie next to she , as be Foster . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70. fast asleep . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - morning possess josh open he eye . sunlight stream through the window . he turn over - renai be go . int . bathroom , lorraine 's house - morning possess josh hobble into the bathroom , close the door . he be hunch over , as if he bone be shrink . with horror , he glare into the mirror at he aging reflection . the grey hair have advanced , wrinkle cut deeper line into he face . his skin be pale . his finger on he leave hand be curl inwards . he struggle to straighten they , gritting he tooth as the bone crack . with he other hand , he reach up and claw a handful of he hair out at he temple , leave a expose scalp . tear come to he eye . tear and terror . we pan past he -- -- see the outline of a person , stand behind the distort glass of the shower door . the glass be too opaque to make out any feature . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) when will you kill they ? possess josh nod , hearing the voice . possessed josh soon. he stare down at the clump of grey hair in he hand . possessed josh ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I do not want to die again . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) you will . and so will they . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - day possess josh lurch inside the kitchen . there be a note on the counter - josh , I 've taken renai and the kide out for the day . we all see you later , mom . a knock at the door startles he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71. int . front door , lorraine 's house - day possess josh open the door , face with a somber Carl . he have a carry bag sling over he shoulder . possessed josh can I help you ? carl my name 's Carl . I know that you do not remember I , josh . elise and I do we best to make sure of that . possessed josh you be right , I do not remember you . carl I have not speak to you since you be a young boy . you mother call I when you start experience ... some problem . I work as a psychic at the time . and I come to you house , this house , and what I see scared I so badly that I call elise . ( beat ) now elise be go . and I know that you be there when she die . so I be wonder if you could help give I some closure ? I need it . a long beat ... then possess josh step aside . int . live room , lorraine 's house - day possess josh lead Carl into the live room . carl why be it that place always seem so much smaller than we remember they ? possessed josh have a seat . Carl do . he study possess josh . the grey hair and pale skin . carl be you feel okay ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72. possessed josh I be fine . carl I suppose I want to ask you if you have any idea what happen to she ? possessed josh no. I do not . carl I be sorry to ask something like that so bluntly , but I want to remind you that I be not the person who 's go to look at you funny if you tell I something ... unusual . Carl remove he glass . carl ( cont 'd ) I have see thing with my own eye that most people have to go to sleep to imagine . possessed josh elise do a great thing . she help I get my son back . she send I to a place ... I see face there that will not leave my field of vision . it be terrifying , but I get my son back . as he talk , Carl subtly glance down at josh 's hand . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) everything be good for about ten minute . I leave the room , and when I come back , elise be go . she be strangle . carl horrific . possessed josh yes . it be . carl when you be a boy , you say it be a old woman who haunt you . do you see that old woman when you be visit that other world you talk about ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. possessed josh no . carl okay . ( beat ) you also say when you be young that you be a big football fan . be you still ? possessed josh yes . still a fan . Carl nod . he get up , move to the wall of photo . as he pass possess josh , Carl grab he arm . carl have not lose that arm ? possessed josh not one bit . Carl look into he eye , then let go and move to the wall of photograph . he zeroe in on the same photo elise study when she first visit this house . when he be out of possess josh 's line of sight , he expression melt into one of fear . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) would you like a coffee ? I be make one for myself . carl sure , absolutely . possess josh leave the room . when he do , Carl quietly unzip the shoulder bag he be carry and remove a camera . whap !! with sudden , shocking violence , a black garbage bag be wrap around Carl 's face . he flail , claw at the bag , suck in air . possess josh wrench Carl to the floor , tightening the bag around he throat , twist it . madness in he eye . grinning . Carl kick out , scratch at possess josh 's finger - but josh be too strong . Carl spasm , he resistance slow ... until he shudder with a final breath and be still . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74. possess josh sit on he back , make sure Carl be dead . he stand up , lock the front door , then fish through Carl 's pocket for he car key . he find they , leave the room . he return with blanket , wrapping they around Carl 's corpse . he spy through the drape , see Carl 's car park in the driveway . he heft Carl 's body up , he spine crack with the effort , open the door and limping outside . the door close . the house be quiet . we track across it ... past the furniture ... all the way to the mirror mount on the wall . we move into the mirror - emerge on the other side in -- int . live room , beyond mirror ( the further ) -- the further . a cold , midnight version of lorraine 's house . Carl be stand in the center of the room , dress as he be when he die . he be shell - shocked , frighten . a lose child . he see a dark figure approach from the kitchen . the figure hold up a bright lantern , illuminate he face . it be josh . he step close to Carl . carl I have be here before ... but I be never afraid of this place until now . josh now there 's no go back . understand ? Carl nod , shake . carl I be one of they . josh she 's in my body . the old woman . she murder you and she 's go to do the same to my family . he place he hand on Carl 's shoulder . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . josh ( cont 'd ) I be trap here . I do not know what to do to help they . a long beat pass as Carl take in he surroundings , still shocked . carl elise . you have to find elise . josh how ? Carl move to the door , open it and unveil a infinite darkness . carl into the further we go . they step through the door . ext . black void - night ( the further ) darkness close in around josh and Carl like a suffocating blanket . they stagger forward , not know which direction to head in . there be nothing in front of they . josh whirl and stare back at the house , the lantern hold out in front of he . they lurch on through the unfold nothingness . the sound of this world be a muffle aural cacophony . distant scream , distort and torture . the whinny 's and snort of animal . the wheeze of asthmatic breathing - all of it swirl together in the distance , as if come through a tinny , faraway speaker . carl elise ? the cry echoe back to they . josh elise ! then ... a figure loom in the distance . a man , stand alone . stare at they . they approach . the man be unmove . his unblink eye pivot between the two of they . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . carl we be look for elise . where be she ? the man do not answer . his finger shake . finally , he point over they shoulder , behind they . they turn - and jolt . a huge horde of pale figure be crowded behind josh and Carl . the figure reach out with gnarled finger . josh and Carl stagger back - hit another wall of figure . they be surrounded . the figure rip and tear at josh . josh get away from I . get away ! and then - the entity suddenly scream . a blinding light cast over they . they react to the light as if it be fire . the sea of dead part , retreate into the darkness . the light flicker and die down ...a figure emerging from it . it be elise . she be glow with a inner light of she own . her and josh embrace , linger long on the hug . elise I wish I could say it 's good to see you . josh I be sorry . elise everybody 's time come . I know that more than most . I choose to make my live by dabbling in a dangerous world . I know the risk . elise turn to Carl and they share a hug . josh I need you help , elise . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77. elise when I hear you scream , I follow you voice and find you ... but I do not know that I can help you anymore . not from this side . ( beat ) but I may know who can . josh who ? elise you . when you be a boy . ext . playground - day lorraine and renai sit on a bench , observe a playground . renai rock a blanket cover stroller . forced smile . lorraine I be so happy to spend time with dalton again . renal I too . it 's a miracle . lorraine it would be nice to have everything back to normal again . ( beat ) but it be not . be it ? renal no . have you see they too ? lorraine yes . a long beat pass . the force smile be go . lorraine ( cont 'd ) have you notice anything ... strange about josh ? renal why ? lorraine anything that he 's do or say ? renal just say what you be think . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. lorraine I be think josh may have go into that other world and come back a different person . renal how could you ... prove something like that ? lorraine right now , a friend of mine be at you house . he 's a psychic , like elise be . I be hope he can tell we something . ( beat ) and you know josh better than anyone . I be not say something be definitely wrong ... we just need to know for sure . renal what do you want I to do ? lorraine talk to he . take he picture . ask he a question only he would know . ( beat ) do it as soon as you can . int . black void ( the further ) elise , Carl and josh press through the dark , until a structure take shape in front of they . it be lorraine 's house . candlelight flicker in the window , but otherwise the house be dark . elise go. go now . you must hurry . josh move towards the house . int . live room , lorraine 's house ( the further ) the house be deathly quiet . josh push inside , see Young josh sit on the couch in the center of the darken live room . Young josh turn slowly , face he older self . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . josh I need you help ... I need to know how to destroy the Old woman . young josh this door stay lock until I come out of my shell . and with that , Young josh disappear , leave the room empty . josh whisper the word to himself . josh this door stay lock until I come out of my shell ... ext . lorraine 's house ( the further ) josh shuffles through the door , back to elise and Carl . josh he say that this door stay lock until I come out of my shell . elise can you remember what that mean ? try , josh . try to remember . flashcut to : int . patient room 2 - day ( flashback ) we be in a earlier scene . Young josh be perch next to Philip 's hospital bed . as before , we see josh turn to face Philip - greet by he sit up in bed . Philip scream and lock he finger around josh 's neck . man her name be Michelle ! I be go to see she and you be too ! flashcut to : ext . lorraine 's house ( the further ) josh repeat the word to himself . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80. josh her name be Michelle ... ( beat ) I get it wrong . I get the word wrong when I be a kid . it 's not ‘my shell 's . it 's Michelle . ( beat ) I mean to say ' this door stay lock until I come out as Michelle 's . I remember it now . carl I have be to Michelle 's house . I can take we there . ext . lorraine 's house - night renai pull up in she car , unload the kid . she approach the quiet house . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night renai enter the room . the house be dark . renal josh ? ( to kid ) guy , go get ready for bed . int . cali 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - night renai set cali down in she crib . we do not see the baby . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night renai step into the corridor . she hear the front door close . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night possess josh enter the house . renal josh ? he start , turn to she . possessed josh you scared I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 . he step out of the shadow . he have age more visibly now . renai can not hide she shock . renal you look ... sick . possessed josh I know . that place elise send I to ... it do something to I . I can feel it . he approach she , stand over she . renal do you remember what you say to I on the night we get marry ? you say that you would love I when I do not like you . do you remember that ? possessed josh of course . I mean it . renal thanks for stick with I . I promise to be in a better mood . they hug . over possess josh 's shoulder , we see that renai be not smile . her look be one of fear . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night renai lie still with she eye close . she open they , look over at josh who lie next to she . as carefully as she can , she pull herself out of bed . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - night renai creep down the corridor in the dark . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night she step into the live room , fishing through she handbag in the corner and remove a digital camera . she turn it on , she breath quivering with fear . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82. int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night the door to the bedroom open with a groan . the pale light from the hallway reveal josh fast asleep on the bed . grimace with each creak of she footstep , renai tread inside the bedroom ... very slowly ... close the door behind she . in the darkness , we can barely make she out , tip -toe to the foot of the bed . she wait , hold she breath . she raise the camera , point it at josh . she depress the trigger . the flash ignites , lighting the whole room . renai check the view window -- -- and jolt with terror . on it , she see a empty bed . josh be no longer there . renai back up in the dark . she hold up the camera again , hit the button . the flash explode again . this time on the view window , there be a face filling the screen - a hybrid of josh 's face and the old woman 's ( there be less of the Old woman transpose over he face than there be before - she be slowly taking over , assimilate with he ) . renai look up - come face to face with possess josh . renai stagger away from he . possessed josh I want to stay so much longer ... the feel of be alive again . you can not comprehend how good it feel . to breathe . to eat . all the little thing that you brush off , like a fly . but she want I to kill you . possess josh shake he head , tear in he eye , scratch at he thinning hair . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) she would not stop . would not stop push I to do it . just like when I be a boy . she would not let I be a normal little boy . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83 . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) she make I kill . and now you have just give she exactly what she want once again . he open he mouth - revealing bloodied gum where two more of he tooth have fall out . renai break into a run and possess josh streak after she . she barrel into -- int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - continuous -- the kitchen , hurl a pan at he as she go . he deflect it , fury in he eye . possessed josh come here ! renai snatch up a kitchen knife , whirling around and slashing he . he wince , grab the knife . they struggle with each other , but he overpower she , slapping she viciously . she fall to the ground . he tower over she with the knife , examine he wound . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) the pain feel good . it 's be such a long time since I feel real pain . I miss it . he wrench renai 's head up by the hair . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) but not as much as I miss the feel of inflict it on other . he hold the knife to she throat . possessed josh ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , renai , and welcome to my world . smash ! ! a baseball bat slam into possess josh 's head . he turn to see dalton , stand in the doorway . dalton get off she ! possess josh snarl and grab he , easily pin he to the floor . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 . renai scramble to she foot in the melee , snatching up the strewn pan she throw at josh and smacking it into he head . blood spurt from the wound and possess josh roll off dalton , stunne . he be still conscious , but daze . renai grab dalton 's hand and bolt into the -- int . corridor , lorraine 's house - continuous -- hallway , run with he to the bedroom where Foster be sleep . int . foster 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - continuous renai charge in , waking up Foster . renal Foster , get up ! we be leave . int . spare bedroom , lorraine 's house - night renai charge in , snatching cali out of she crib . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - same time possess josh stir on the floor , blood dribble from he scalp where the pan cut he head open . he struggle to lift himself off the floor , use the wall as support . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - same time we track with renai as she carry cali with one arm , drag Foster with the other , charging down the corridor toward the front door . suddenly -- possess josh appear in front of the door , injure . a ball of murderous rage . he limp towards they . renai back up . dalton Mom , in here ! dalton fling open a door and renai and Foster follow he into -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85. int . basement , lorraine 's house - continuous -- a darken stairwell . possess josh scream , increase in speed , lunging at they as renai slam the basement door . she snap a lock shut just as possess josh barrel into it , walloping the full weight of he shoulder into the wood . renai back down the stair , she child behind she , then push a shelf directly opposite the basement door at the top of the stair into the door . the shelf smashes down , lean against the door and block it . the door frame shudder as possess josh pound it , whaling on it with animal fury . renai retreat all the way to the bottom of the stair , find herself in a murky concrete bunker . she hit the light switch and a bare bulb dangle above she shed a pale pool of light onto the environ . Foster cry as the door whomp against the shelf . renai hug he to she thigh . foster why be daddy angry at we ? renal that 's not daddy . foster I be scared . renal it 's okay . I will not let anything happen to you . cali cry as renai hug she child to she . possess josh pound against the door again and Foster scream . int . black void ( the further ) josh , Carl and elise lope through the unfold dark . the sound of a scream spirit towards they . faint. distant . dalton ( v.o. ) ...mommy ... help I ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. josh do you hear that ? dalton ( v.o. ) .-- make he stop ... josh that 's my son . anguish flood josh . josh ( cont 'd ) please God , no .... I have get to help they . I have get to help they , that thing be go to kill they ! he charge into the dark , literally scream into the void . josh ( cont 'd ) you bastard ! leave they alone ! elise join he , struggle to calm he . elise listen to I , josh , we have get to help they from here . there 's nothing you can do physically . josh he 's kill they ! I can hear my son , do not you understand that ? I need to get to they , I need to help they , he 's -- elise no. listen to I now . if you wander into the dark scream , then he 's win . you have get to focus and come with we , destroy he from here . that 's all you can do . carl she 's tell you the truth . it 's all we can do now . a long beat pass . elise lead josh into the dark . int . reading room , elise 's house - night lorraine , specs and tucker pace the room . lorraine dial she cell phone . the call go straight to voicemail . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87. carl ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) you have reach Carl stanaway , leave I a message . lorraine Carl , it 's I again . please call I as soon as possible . thanks . she hang up , anxious . lorraine ( cont 'd ) that 's my third try . I be gonna try my house . she dial again . this time the phone ring . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night the house phone bleat , ringing throughout the house . possess josh cease pound on the door , scan around for the phone in the cradle . he pick it up . possessed josh hello ? Mom ? lorraine ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) josh , sorry to call so late , I be ... wonder if you see Carl today . possessed josh who 's Carl ? lorraine ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) he 's a old friend of mine . so I be guess he do not stop by from the sound of that ? possessed josh no . he do not . no one by that name . lorraine ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) really ...okay . possessed josh you have not be around much this past few day . why do not you come home ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. lorraine ( v.o . ) ( from phone ) alright , I will . I x11 see you soon . I love you . possessed josh I love you too . possess josh hang up . int . reading room , elise 's house - night lorraine 's concern grow into fear . lorraine my son be a loving person ... but he 's not the type to say I love you to he mom over the phone . something be wrong . he say Carl never even come over . she turn to specs and tucker . lorraine ( cont 'd ) we have gotta get over there . int . basement , lorraine 's house - night the pound on the door have stop . eerie quiet . renai be slump on the floor in she pyjamas , cradling cali . her child huddle close to she . renal dalton , take cali . she hand the baby to dalton and stand up . foster no , do not go ! renal it 's okay . she lean down to dalton 's height . he be not hysterical the way Foster be . she whisper to he . renai ( cont 'd ) look after you brother and sister . dalton nod firmly . there be a new find strength in he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . dalton what be you gonna do ? renal I be gonna have a look around , try and find a way out of here or something we can use . anything . dalton crouch next to Foster , hugging he close . renai grope through the large basement , search shelf . she find a flashlight , smack it in she palm . it 's work . she pocket it , then haul the shelf aside to inspect the wall behind it . solid concrete . no window or door . and then the light cut out . the room be plunge into darkness . Foster cry out . renai ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I be here , I be here . a beam of light sword through the room as renai triggers the flashlight . she listen ... hearing footstep above they head . the wood creak under the weight of someone 's shoe , pace upstairs . the family huddle together , glaring up at the ceiling . the slow pace stop and all be quiet again . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night possess josh enter from the kitchen , carry a heavy FIRE extinguisher . he smashes it into the door to the basement . the wood crack , splintering . he drive the extinguisher into the door again . possessed josh most people do not know when they be go to die , but you do . it 's go to be in a very soon , and it 's go to be a slow , painful death . he smashes the door over and over , the slat in the frame come loose . he force he hand through they , push as hard as he can on the shelf wedge against it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90. int . basement , lorraine 's house - night renai jolt with each thump against the door . she whisk to she foot , whipping she head around the basement , see a row of tool . she pluck a chisel from its slot , scurrying up the stair and stabbing it into josh 's arm . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - same time possess josh yelp in pain , jerk back ... then laugh . possessed josh I enjoy the pain . he storm down the corridor , then lurch to a stop in front of a wall mount mirror . even in the dark , he can see he reflection . with horror , he see that he look decidedly more aged now ; haggard , haunt . Hair stringy and grey , spine arched . int . basement , lorraine 's house - night renai keep the flashlight focus on the beam of wood above they . dalton step up beside renai . his resolve have grow even more . he whisper in she ear . dalton I can go and find daddy . out in the dark place . if I go to sleep . renai hold he gaze . dalton ( cont 'd ) let I find he . I can bring he here . renal no ... I can not let you do that . it 's too dangerous . I nearly lose you once , I be not let it happen again . a long , resolute beat . then : renai ( cont 'd ) I 'il go . she hunker down to he level . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library gl. renai ( cont 'd ) you take I into that place last night , do not you ? dalton yes . renal do it again . can you do that ? dalton nod apprehensively . dalton Close you eye . she do . dalton do the same . int . live room , lorraine 's house - same time possess josh stagger back into the house , carry a axe . he roost a couch aside and wrench a huge rug back , expose the thick wooden floor board . he hold the axe high , then arc it over he head , bury the blade in the wood . like a madman , he swing it down , one blow after another , wood splinter fly . int . basement , lorraine 's house - same time chip of wood flutter down from above each time the axe strike . renai and dalton be face each other , eye close . we close in on renai 's face . she open she eye . the impossible quiet and dark of the dead enfold she . int . basement , lorraine 's house ( the further ) renai be sit opposite dalton . he take she by the hand , stand up and haul she to she foot . dalton gesture out into the dark above the basement stair . dalton out there . call he name . renai glide up the stair . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. ext . lorraine 's house ( the further ) renai glare out into the pitch black environ of the further . she move into they , mist swirl around she . Thunder growl . renal josh ! her cry echoe back to she , swallow by oblivion . int . black void ( the further ) josh , Carl and elise freeze suddenly . josh listen . renai ( 0.s. ) josh ... josh that 's renai . elise my god ... she 's here . they surge forward into the void . int . black void ( the further ) the sound of a baby cry spirit towards renai from the darkness . she turn to see the original victorian home where this all begin for she . renal josh ! renai trot towards the door . she wallop into it . it be lock . it will not budge . she pummel the door with she fist . int . master bedroom , lambert home - night ( flashback ) ( we be now watch a scene from the original film ) josh and renai be in bed . they hear someone pound on the front door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 . josh who the hell be that ? there be another round of desperate knock on the door . josh ( cont 'd ) stay here . he bound out of bed , jostling through the door . int . upstair landing , lambert home - night ( flashback ) josh pace into the hall . what he do not see be the long haire fiend , stand beside the doorway to cali 's bedroom . ext . lambert home - night ( the further ) renai try the door handle again . no good . int . cali 's bedroom , lambert home - night ( flashback ) in cali 's room , the fiend hover over she crib . he reach in , touch the baby . she gurgle . renai suddenly appear in the doorway to cali 's room - - and scream !!! ext . lambert home - night ( the further ) renai hear a scream . with all the power she can summon , she blast she fist into the front door . it fly open , the burglar alarm wail instantly . int . front door , lambert home - night ( the further ) renai stampede inside the former lambert home , hasten up the stair in a blur . renal josh !! as the alarm squeal , we follow she into -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94. int . cali 's room , lambert home - night ( the further ) the further version of cali 's room . there be no furniture or decoration in here except for cali 's crib . the room be dark , tentacles of fog writhe along the floor . the fiend loom over the crib , cackle . renal where be josh ? the fiend cannon towrd her , arm outstretch , attacking . renai shriek . ext . lambert home ( the further ) josh lead the charge , follow renai 's scream all the way to the front door of the house . he barrel through it . int . cali 's room , lambert home ( the further ) josh charge in , confront with the sight of the Long haire fiend assault he wife . josh hurl himself at the fiend , attack with all he strength . wham ! josh sock the fiend in the face , trading devastating blow with he , he fury provide strength . he pick the fiend up , hurl he through the window . the fiend 's scream recede into the further . josh embrace renai , tearful . int . basement , lorraine 's house - night Foster hover over dalton and renai , who lie on the floor , out cold . Foster cling to he mother . int . live room , lorraine 's house - same time slam ! ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . the axe penetrate the wood , gash by gash . a hole have form , not yet big enough for a adult to worm through . he raise the axe again , then -- -- headlight hit the darken wall opposite he , bleed through the drape . someone be pull up outside . possess josh cease chopping , darting to the window . ext . philip 's house ( the further ) a shape form in front of elise - the forebode estate where Philip and he mother reside . carl that ... that 's it . that 's Michelle 's house . elise , renai , Carl and josh float towards the front door of the house . int . corridor / live room , philip 's house ( the further ) elise lead Carl , renai and josh down a empty corridor . it be exactly as the house be that Carl visit - see from the other side . int . live room , philip 's house ( the further ) they push into the live room . dozen of ghoulish figure stand in the room , glacially still . they be all young girl , range from teenager to woman in they early twenty . they eye be hollow , skin sallow . they do not look at the four intruder , stunne eye fix on some unseen depravity . elise weave through the body , careful not to touch they . josh shield renai , weaving through with she . it be a human maze . josh who be they ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96. elise murder victim . that 's what the further be - a black hole where all of the suffer from a life can continue on in eternity , like a echo . the soul here either do not know or can not accept that they be dead . they simply wander the dark . lose . she turn to face josh , brush one of the ghoul . elise ( cont 'd ) the people who die without be murder at the hand of another , who die peacefully at the hand of nature ... they do not know this place exist . they go to the light . but if there 's light , there must also be dark . and that 's where we be . ext . lorraine 's house - night lorraine , specs and tucker climb out of tucker 's van . lorraine that 's strange ... tucker what be ? lorraine no light on inside . or at the front door . tucker check the other house on the street , still glow from within . tucker it 's not a black out . lorraine oh no ... please no . specs we be right behind you . tucker grab a large tool from the back of he van , wield it like a sword , along with a flashlight . they approach the front door . lorraine fish for key , slot one into the lock . it click open . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97. int . entry way / live room , lorraine 's house - continuous the trio blunder into the house , tucker first . he grope forward in the dark . specs follow tucker with a flashlight . the light illuminate pocket of a desolate live room . no sign of life . int . basement , lorraine 's house - same time dalton blink awake , cough . renai be still lie next to he , out cold . dalton stand , reborn with strength . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night specs and tucker keep treke forward . all be quiet . whomp ! ! tucker fall , he right leg spilling through the hatch that possess josh rend in the floorboard . he slam down to the ground . tucker ah , damn it ! specs ferries tucker out of the hole . tucker wheel around - come face to face with possess josh ! possess josh propel a knife forward , embed it in tucker 's chest . the blade shear into he flesh and he cry out in pain , he body fold . specs attack , swinging he flashlight , smashing it down . it connect with possess josh 's face , cracking against he jaw bone . teeth go fly , clatter on the wooden floor . possess josh recover , smile . he wrench specs 's forward , smash he head down against a desk . he fall . lorraine scream and take off down the hall . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - continuous she bolt up the corridor , dial 911 as she run . frantic . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98. possess josh dive for she , landing on she back and pin she . he crush the phone against the wall . int . live room , lorraine 's house - moment later possess josh use nylon rope to tie up lorraine , coiling it around she ankle and wrist . hog-tied . she stir , come out of she daze . possessed josh I be go to leave you alive . but I be go to make you watch . he hale she along the floor to the lip of the hole he cut . int . upstair corridor , philip 's house ( the further ) josh keep renai close to he , advance down the corridor . finally , they reach a door . a heavy oak door , it be guard by a ghoul , he head bow . a demon . there be nowhere leave to go . josh march forward , try to pass he - but the monstrous man block he path with a thick forearm . demon the key . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night possess josh bludgeons the axe down , the hole gape now . int . basement , lorraine 's house - same time possess josh peer into the hole . possessed josh now it 's all over . int . downstair corridor , philip 's house ( the further ) josh lean into the ear of the demon , whisper . josh Michelle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . the demon reach out with talone finger , grip the door handle and open the door . josh step inside . int . young philip 's bedroom ( the further ) the same bedroom that Carl first explore reveal itself . the same eloquent dollhouse 's and child 's drawing . it be obviously the bedroom of a young girl . josh 's eye sweep the room , come to rest on the young girl in question . she sit with she back to josh , slump on a stool , face the wall . her hair be long and comb into twin pig-tail . her dress be decorate with fanciful trimming . her foot dangle above the floor . josh approach the young girl , very slowly . the girl do not move . he reach out to touch she shoulder . josh Michelle ? the girl suddenly spin around -- revealing that it be nota girl at all . it be a young boy , bedeck in a dress . young boy that 's not my name . he rip at a wig on he head , revealing he true hair . then -- -- the door to the bedroom pound open . michelle barge inside the room . she be dress in a very prim and proper fashion , but she expression bely rage . she seem not to see josh and the other , she gaze fix on the boy . the boy look terrify , back away from she . Michelle clenches a sheet of paper , which she jut out at he with she fist . michelle what be this ? just what be this ?! the boy bump into the wall , unable to back up any further . Michelle loom over he . she unfurl the piece of paper , revealing it to be a finger painting . michelle ( cont 'd ) do you do this ? the boy keep he eye down . the woman slap he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . michelle ( cont 'd ) do you ? he nod , shame . Michelle point to the name he have sign , and we see it in close up : philip . michelle ( cont 'd ) that be not you name ! you name be not Philip . that be the name you father give you . you name be Michelle . like you mother . we both share that name . do you understand ? she slap he again and he cry . michelle ( cont 'd ) repeat after I - this door stay lock until I come out as Michelle . ( beat ) say it . young philip this door stay lock until I come out as Michelle . int . basement , lorraine 's house - night possess josh drop down into the basement , hit the floor with a thud . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night lorraine yank she hand free of the rope , quickly wrenching the rope from she foot . int . basement , lorraine 's house - same time possess josh advance on the comatose body of renai . dalton shield he brother , hold onto he young sister , back into the corner . dalton get away from she ! that 's when lorraine attack - she launch herself through the hole in the floor . her fury give she strength and they struggle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 . she claw at possess josh 's hair , pull out a chunk and leave a patch of he scalp expose . josh finally turn she over , gain the upper hand , hurl she aside . he limp over to dalton , raise the axe . lorraine noooo !!! lorraine leap at he . int . young philip 's bedroom ( the further ) Michelle seem to enjoy Young Philip 's tear . michelle quiet now . be a good little girl . elise and Carl approach , stand behind josh . elise destroy she , josh . end this . josh charge at Michelle . she seem shocked by he sudden appearance in the room . josh get away from he ! Michelle hiss with rage and lunge at josh . renai whisk in and grab Young Philip , haul he out of harm way as Michelle flail wildly at josh . he struggle with she -- int . basement , lorraine 's house - night -- just as lorraine struggle with possess josh , both of they fight for control of the axe -- int . young philip 's bedroom ( the further ) -- Michelle and josh struggle . with the force of ten man , Michelle hurl josh across the room with the ease of a rag doll . josh 's body missile 's into the wall , sagging to the floor . michelle Little girl need to learn to be good . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . elise step in front of josh 's crumpled body . elise why do not you pick on a big girl then ? elise launch herself at Michelle and they engage in a vicious fight . pound blow trade - but it be clear elise be stronger . she force Michelle onto the floor , pin she down -- -- then reach over and wrench up the rocking horse , hold it aloft above she head as -- int . basement , lorraine 's house - night -- possess josh shove lorraine aside , then charge over to renai 's comatose body , raise the axe -- int . young philip 's bedroom ( the further ) -- as elise bring the heavy wooden rock horse down with all she might . Michelle shriek - until the rock horse silence she , smash into she skull with a dull thud ! int . basement , lorraine 's house - night and at that exact moment - possess josh freeze , axe hold high in the air . he screech - the pain of a thousand lash unleash itself from within he gut . the scream be not even human , it be something else . he writhes as if he body be contracting . the axe drop to the floor . possess josh keel over , he body contort into torture , starve shape . his bone crack . his spine elongate . his jaw distend and he mouth open wide . a sound roar from within he throat . releasing something . int . young philip 's bedroom ( the further ) the wall quake and shudder violently . the whole house be implode from within . the structure itself seem to be bellowing in pain . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 . elise josh , take renai and go ! now ! josh trade a look with she and Carl . josh what about you two ? elise we can not go with you . we be go to a different place . josh grab renai by the shoulder , drag she away . int . downstair corridor , philip 's house ( the further ) josh and renai stampede down the hall , retrace the trail they take . the demon who guard the door have now vanished . as they run away , elise and Carl stand calmly at the door to Philip 's bedroom , watch they go with sorrow . int . upstair corridor , philip 's house ( the further ) the soul of all of Philip 's victim have be release . the two of they barrel towards the front door and out into -- ext . black void / philip 's house ( the further ) -- the darkness of the further . int . basement , lorraine 's house - night lorraine creep forward , tentative . renai 's body lie on the floor . her chest be move , she be breathe - but otherwise she look catatonic . lorraine reach out with tremble finger and poke renai . int . black void / lorraineas house ( the further ) lorraine 's house materialize out of the darkness . a voice drift towards they . lorraine ( v.o. ) renai ... please wake up . they reach the front door , fling it open . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . int . live room , lorraine 's house ( the further ) the duo stagger inside , see the dark , empty live room . the floor have be tear up , and all the damage possess josh cause be plainly visible . int . basement , lorraine 's house - night lorraine cradle renai . lorraine renai , please wake up ! int . basement , lorraine 's house ( the further ) from josh' Pov - we fly through the pitch space of the basement , only two body visible in it - josh and renai . both body lie prone on the basement floor . we Pov rush toward josh 's body . int . basement , lorraine 's house - night renai cough suddenly , she eye blink . she snap to attention . renal dalton ! renai lock she arm around he and they embrace - but only for a second . dalton stand over he father 's body . josh sit bolt upright suddenly , suck in a huge breath , cough . lorraine and renai instinctively shield the child and stand back , ready for another attack . a agonizing wait as josh arch forward , gather he breath , spitting and cough . he finally calm the fit of expel he lung , take deep breath . he look up slowly . renai stare at he without expression . wait . tear come to josh 's eye and he smile . josh renai ... it 's I . it 's I . we see that he be no longer aged . the wrinkle have melt away , the color return to he formerly undead pallor . renai join he in shed tear of joy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . foster daddy ! Foster bolt towards he father , wrapping he arm around he . renai be more cautious . she lean down , study the eye of she husband . josh you know it 's I . somehow , renai can see he soul . something have change about he . renai can not hold it anymore - she arm enfold he . they be together again . josh look over renai 's shoulder at dalton , who be still afraid . josh ( cont 'd ) come here son . dalton join he mother and dalton in the embrace . lorraine watch on ... happy once again . int . live room , lorraine 's house - night renai tend to tucker , whose shirt be bloodstain . specs gather himself , nursing a sore head . josh I 'il call a ambulance . foster no , dad , stay with we ! josh I be not go anywhere . ext . lorraine 's house - night specs wander back to tucker 's van , carry tucker 's goggle . he pries open the back of the van , climb up onto the lip and slotting the flashlight back into they allot case . and then he stop . because he hear something . brow furrow , he train he ear on it . a low , hissy whisper . intrigue , he ransack the mess stack in the van . he finally land on the gas mask device . the whisper be come from the headphone attach to it . specs lift they to he ear ... hearing a slight , barely audible hiss . a singular voice swim within the white noise . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . specs snatch a pen and paper , jotting down what he hear . voice ( v.o. ) ( from microphone ) ...goodbye ... specs write the single word down . goodbye . fade to black . ext . lorraine 's house - day the sun shine down on lorraine 's house . int . kitchen , lorraine 's house - day renai spoon a paste into cali 's mouth , who squeal happily . int . live room , lorraine 's house - day renai stray into the live room . she halt when she spy a sheet hide a large object in the middle of the room , a bow adorn it . she approach the object , see a card address to she . she tear open the envelope , pluck out a small card . Inside , the scrawle handwrite say ' will this do for now ? 's renai haul back the sheet - unveil a baby piano . she beam , pull up a chair and plopping down on it . she let she finger dance across the key , tapping out a melody . josh approach she from behind and she look up . renal I love it . josh you have get plenty of song leave to write . we be go to live a long life together . they kiss , linger on it . enjoy it . int . corridor , lorraine 's house - day renai meander up the hall , buoy by a happiness she have not feel in a long time . she open the door to josh 's old bedroom . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . int . young josh 's bedroom , lorraine 's house - day renai pad inside . it be dark , the blind draw . renal dalton , do not forget to finish pack everything up for the ... she trail off , gape up and spot a trail of crayon on the wall , run erratically over the white paint . renai follow it with she eye , all the way until she eye find dalton . he be slump at the desk , he back to she . renai ( cont ’d ) honey ...? she lurch closer . dalton seem to be use one of the crayon to draw on he own face . renai ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? dalton pivot toward her - - and with dread , renai see that he be run a crayon over he face , coloring it bright red . as he stab at he sanguine face with the crayon , he feature morph into a eerie and terrifying expression of pure homicidal intent . a grimace from the pit of hell . renai wail a blood-curdling cry of fear and anguish as we -- CUT to black . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library