interview with the vampire screenplay by Anne Rice produce by Stephen woolley David geffen directed by Neil Jordan cast list : Tom Cruise lestat de lioncourt Brad Pitt Louis Pointe du lac Antonio banderas armand Stephen rea santiago Christian slater Daniel malloy kirsten dunst Claudia fade in : int . room - night ( san francisco ) a small bare room , illuminate only by the streetlight come through the window . a hand press a cassette into a recorder and fiddle with a small microphone . malloy sit over a table fiddling with the tape . he be young , half - shaven , dress in T-shirt and jeans . he look too - louis , who stand by the window , look out on the street , with he back to malloy . Louis be dress in a old - fashioned suit . louis so you want I to tell you the story of my life ... malloy that 's what I do . I interview people . I collect life . f.m. radio . f.f.r.c . I just interview a genuine hero , a cop who - louis ( quietly interrupt ) you would have to have a lot of tape for my story . I have have a very unusual life . malloy so much the better . I have get a pocket full of tape . louis you follow I here , do not you ? malloy saw you in the street outside . you seem interesting . be this where you live ? louis it 's just a room ... malloy so shall we begin ? ( playfully , almost teasing ) what do you do ? louis I be a vampire . malloy laugh . malloy see ? I know you be interesting . you mean this literally , I take it ? louis absolutely . I be watch you watch I . I be wait for you in that alleyway . and then you begin to speak . malloy well , what a lucky break for I . louis perhaps lucky for both of we . still in shadow he turn from the window and approach the table . louis I will tell you my story . all of it . I would like to do that very much . malloy be uneasy as he study the shadowy figure , fascinate but afraid . malloy you be go to kill I ? drink my blood ? louis yes but you need not worry about that now . thing change . Louis stand opposite , hand on the chair . malloy be rivete . malloy you believe this , do not you ? that you be a vampire ? you really think ... louis we can not begin this way . let I turn on the light . malloy but I think vampire do not like the light . louis we love it . I only want to prepare you . Louis pull the chord of the overhead naked light bulb . louis ' face appear inhumanly white , eye glitter . inhuman or not alive . the effect be subtle , beautiful and ghastly . malloy good God ! he struggle to suppress fear and understand . louis do not be frighten . I want this opportunity . the light appear to go out by itself and suddenly Louis be in the chair , dimly light by the street - light from the window . the cassette be turn . malloy how do you do that ? louis the same way you do it . a series of simple gesture . only I move too fast for you to see . I be flesh and blood , you see . but not human . I have not be human for two hundred year . malloy be speechless , frighten yet enthralled . louis what can I do to put you at ease ? shall we begin like David copperfield ? I be bear , I grow up . or shall we begin when I be bear to darkness , as I call it . that 's really where we should start , do not you think ? malloy you be not lie to I , be you ? louis why should I lie ? 1791 be the year it happen . I be twenty - four - young than you be now . malloy yes . louis but time be different then . I be a man at that age . the master of a large plantation just south of New Orleans ... dissolve to : ext . louisiana - day ( 1791 ) a dishevel Louis , hair in pigtail , in deep pocket frock coat , ride he horse through the field of indigo , pass a overseer and slave at work . he pass slave quarter and the distant colonial mansion of Pointe du lac . he come to a small parish church and a graveyard . he dismount and walk through the tomb to a elaborate one in Greek style . louis ( v.o. ) I have just lose my wife in childbirth . she and the infant have be bury less than half a year . there be a marble angel above the tomb , feminine , with a tiny cherub angel in she arm . Louis look from the angel , down to the inscription on the tomb : " dianne do pointe du lac 1763 - 1791 infant jean marie - 1791 " Louis rip away the vine already cover the inscription , then drink from a pocket - flask . his face be ashen . louis ( v.o. ) I be twenty - four and life seem finish . I could not bear the pain of they loss . I long for a release from it . int . waterfront tavern - night Louis in rag lace and dirty brocade sit between two whore at a game table , drink absinthe . all around he flatboatmen , whore , gambler , black African freedman . louis ( v.o. ) I want to lose everything . my wealth , my estate , my sanity . but Lady luck do not oblige . Louis display a hand of four ace . a gambler at the table stand in fury , over turn money , card , drink . louis you be call I a cheat ? gambler I be call you a piece of shit - the gambler pull out a pearl - handle pistol and point it at Louis . the crowd hush and draw back . Louis smile drunkenly and stand . he rip open he lace shirt , expose he chest . louis then do I a favor . get rid of this piece of shit ... the gambler 's finger on the trigger . his hand shake . louis you lack the courage of you conviction , sir . do it . lestat , a hood figure in the corner , smile from beneath the shadow of he hood . gleaming blue eye . louis ( v.o. ) most of all I long for death . I know that now . I invite it , a release from the pain of live ... the gambler lower he gun , scowling . Louis pocket the fistfulls of coin he have win . ext . waterfront - night loud , crowded riverfront tavern full of ruffian . Louis stagger down , a arm around a whore , drink from a bottle . a pockmark pimp follow behind . louis my invitation be open to anyone . sailor , thief , whore and slave ... ext . wharf - night Louis , quite insensible , be propped up against a wall by the whore in a dank wharf over the water . the pimp rifle he pocket , then pull a knife , about to slice he throat , when a shadow fall over he . he turn , and we see the face of lestat , who lift he into the air by he throat , break he neck . the whore scream and lestat 's other hand clamp over she mouth . lestat drag she towards he . Louis fall to the ground , support no more , insensible . Close on he face , as we hear the last breath of life of the whore , off . louis ( v.o. ) but it be a vampire that accept . in the water the body of the thief and whore float by . above on the wharf , Louis , now awake , stare down at they . he turn , to see lestat , tower above he . lestat they would have kill you - louis then my luck would have change . lestat you want death ? be it death you want ? louis yes ... lestat float down on top of he , then lift he in the air , draw he head back by the hair and sink he tooth in he neck . on louis ' face every muscle rigid , tooth clench , as the blood be drain from he . on there feet hover above the ground , like two quivering dancer . the wind billow through the ghostly white sail and rigging of the boat around the wharf . lestat float higher , with Louis in he arm , drain he blood . one hand reach out and grip a rope , hang from a shipmast . the other hold Louis . he withdraw he tooth , and look into Louis ' drain face . lestat you still want death ? or have you taste it enough ? Louis can barely get the word out . louis enough ... lestat smile and let he go . Louis fall and plummet into the water below . louis ' face come to the surface , in the water lap by the wharf . the body of the whore and thief float beside he . he look up and see lestat way above he , dangle from the rope of the shipmast . int . room - san francisco on malloy' face captivate , terrify , enthralled . malloy that 's how it happen ? louis no . the gift of darkness require more than that , as you will see . ext . waterfront - day Louis float by mudflat , surround by dead fish , the carcass of animal , eighteenth century rubbish . he get to he foot and walk weakly through the mudflat . the sun be come up over the sea behind he . louis ( v.o. ) he leave I half dead that morning . he want something from I . he come back the follow night . int . lavish french-furnished bedroom at point du lac Louis be delirious in a four-poster bed , shroud with mosquito netting . a female slave , yvette , bathes he face with a rag . she be cry . other slave woman hover in the shadow . yvette put out all candle save one by the bed , and withdraw , with the other . candlelight flicker on the face of the bisque virgin . Louis toss and turn , dream , murmure incoherently . then he open he eye . lestat , exquisitely dress in french clothing , stand by the bed smile . in the light of the candle we see that he be not human ; skin too white ; eye too bright . lestat look amiable , even mischievous , but impossible - and angel or monster . Louis grab he pistol from the table and cock it . louis who the hell be you ? what be you do in my house ? lestat and a beautiful house it be too . your be a good life , be not it ? Louis take aim . lestat put he hand over the barrel . Louis fire . the bullet tear a hole in lestat 's hand . lestat be unfaze . he take the gun from Louis ' hand and throw it away . his hand begin to heal . lestat you be not afraid of anything , be you ? louis why should I be ? Louis reach for he sword , hang by the bed , and point it . lestat laugh indulgently . he draw closer . lestat be you go to put that through I too ? ruin my beautiful clothes ? he come closer to Louis , right up to he face , so the sword pass through he waistcoat . lestat be all last night 's promise for nothing ? he reach out with he now-heal hand and pluck out the sword . louis what do you want from I ? lestat I have come to answer you prayer . you want to die , do not you ? life have no meaning anymore , do it ? lestat sit down on the bed , draw up one knee . Louis be become spellbound . lestat the wine have no taste . the food sicken you . there seem no reason for any of it , do there ? but what if I could give it back to you ? pluck out the pain and give you another life ? and it would be for all time ? and sickness and death could never touch you again ? the vampire theme rise , with the sound of a heartbeat . dissolve to : ext . graveyard - night the camera drift through the graveyard where Louis ' wife be bure . everything be light with a eerie glow , as if see through some unearthly eye . lestat vampire , that 's what we be . creature of darkness , only we see it that darkness more clearly than any mortal have ever see ... Louis and lestat drift , dreamlike , through the overhange vine , come to the grave of he wife and child . above the crypt , the statue of angel , mother and child . lestat would not it be sweet to bid pain goodbye ? to wave away anguish and grief ? to embrace the peace of the unending night ? the marble finger of the child on the statue move . the angel raise she head and have the face of Louis wife , Diane . she raise she hand and touch Louis tear - stream face . the child speak . marble child papa ... Louis reach out to embrace they and find himself touch cold marble . he cry out in anguish - louis Diane !!!! lestat they be go , Louis . death take they . death which you can now destroy ... louis no !!!!! int . louis bedroom - night Louis , thrashing on the bed in a delirium . lestat place a hand on he forehead and soothes he . lestat you have to ask I for this . you have to want it , do you hear I ? louis give it to I !!! lestat vampire . we thrive on blood . louis I want it ! lestat bend close as if to drink Louis ' blood . Louis do not shrink back , but stare into he eye . lestat draw back , then stand up and go to the french door . lestat tomorrow night . you must prove yourself . I will give you the choice I never have . he look outside . lestat the sun 's come up . watch it carefully . if you come with I tomorrow , you will never see it again . he leave . Louis sit daze , stare at the empty french window . the sun rise with unnatural beauty , over the swampland and the plantation , fill the room , strike water - pitcher , glass , mirror , and the picture of he dead wife . louis ( v.o. ) my last sunrise . that morning I be not yet a vampire , and I see my last sunrise . I remember it completely , yet I do not remember any sunrise before it . I watch the whole magnificence of the dawn for the last time , as if it be the first . and the I say goodbye to sunlight and go out to become what I become . ext . plantation - night lestat and Louis walk through the slave quarter , huddle group around fire , music , sing . the sound of whipping be hear . lestat you grief have unhinge you . you have let you estate rot . in the wood beyond the quarter , the white overseer be whipping a black slave , with horrifying savagery . lestat you let you overseer run riot , work you slave to the bone . we will start with he . louis how do you mean , start ? lestat call he . Louis call . louis carlos !!! the overseer turn and come towards they , with the bloody whip . lestat why the bloody whip , carlos ? the overseer look into he eye , shiver with terror , drop the whip and run for the tree . lestat be on he in a instant . he sink be tooth in he neck . Louis run to he , try to pull he off . but lestat turn to Louis and smile , with he bloody mouth . lestat let 's call that a start . louis I can not do it . lestat you have just do it - louis kill I if you will , but I can not do this ... he flee , as lestat end to finish off the overseer . ext . pointe du lac - night Louis run up the step lead to the gallery . he be craze with guilt . he look up and see - lestat sitting collect at the head of the step . louis back away as lestat rise and descend the step so fluidly he hardly seem to move . lestat do not worry . he be white trash , they come at two a penny . I dumped he in the swamp and untied the slave , lick he wound clean . louis you be the devil , be not you ? that 's who you be . lestat ( gently ) I wish I be . but if I be , what would I want with you ? louis I can not go through with it , I tell you . lestat you perfect . you bitter and you be strong . louis but why do you want I ? lestat because you be as strong as I be when I be alive . Louis take out he flask and drink . drunkenly , he turn and head for a nearby swamp . ext . cemetery - night Louis stop again in front of the crypt . drink from the flask , lean he forehead against the stone . lestat appear beside he , radiant , beautiful . lestat you really want to be with they ? louis yes . kill I . kill I like you promise - lestat you ask for death . I do not promise it - in a quiet rage , lestat raise he fist and shatter the marble face stone , revealing a coffin below . his fist shatter that in turn , revealing the half - rotted body of a woman , hold a infant , no longer recognizable as individual , a tangle of gruesome rotted hair , flesh , eat away lace , insect and worm crawl over it . Louis gasp . lestat it 's not you wife and child my friend . it 's death . just that simple . think and choose . it happen to everyone . except we . lestat stare at he , smile , become a hazy dreamlike vision , then hyperclear . Louis again be spellbound . he drop the flask , which shatter on the stone . lestat appear angelic in he radiance . lestat we shall be this way always , my friend . Young as we be now . I be lonely for a companion , lonely for you strength . but I be not that lonely . do you want to come or not ? Louis capitulate in one long sigh . louis yes ... lestat come closer , smile . lestat do I hear a yes ? louis yes ... lestat embrace Louis , obscure he face . he drink he blood . we hear two heartbeat , out of sync , come together . we see Louis ' face , grow paler , paler , as he blood be drain . his eye stare upwards , lose they focus . louis ' Pov the moon , through hang vine . the marble statue of he wife and child smile at he , as if come alive . her hair blow in the breeze , wonderful gold tresses , the child 's finger reach out ... back to scene lestat let Louis fall down beside the break crypt . Louis look from the rotting body to lestat above he . radiant . lestat speak gently . lestat I have drain you to the point of death . if you drink from I you live for ever . if I leave you here you die . lestat lift he hand to he lip and blow Louis a kiss . louis no . do not leave I here . give it to I . lestat lift he own right wrist to he tooth . fang slash he own flesh , blood fall . lestat you be sure ? louis sure ... Louis rise to accept the first drop with he open mouth . lestat gather he up , as Louis clamp he hand on lestat 's arm and drink from the wrist . the vampire theme swell . lestat watch he drink he wrist with wry amusement . Louis finish , stagger away from he as if drunk . louis ' Pov vampire vision . the world be transformed , the swamp , the moon , the cloud , the cry of the night bird all come to he with unnatural clarity . he look down with pity at the corpse of he wife and child who appear beautiful in death now rather than repulsive . he close the lid of the coffin and replace it in the ground , astonished at the ease of it . he turn and stare at lestat whom he see now with vampire 's vision . lestat 's eye be brighter , he button be glimmer in the light . everything be clearer , brighter , contain more facet of light and color . lestat stop stare at my button . do not I tell you it be go to be fun ? lestat lead he into the swamp . everything astonished Louis , as if he 's never see it before . Louis be suddenly rack by shudder of pain . lestat you be body 's die . pay no attention . it will take twenty minute at most . louis dying ? Louis dry-retch . lestat it happen to we all . lestat wipe Louis ' brow . lestat come , you be go to feed now . louis I want a woman . lestat laugh and he laughter echoe like bell in Louis ' ear . lestat that do not matter anymore , Louis . you will see . come ... louis ' vampire Pov - swamp small high ground . Camp of runaway slave . several share a bottle of rum around the fire . a male slave rise . a gorgeous hunk of flesh in the moonlight and go into the swamp to relieve he bladder . lestat they be all beautiful now . Men , woman , the old , the young ... simply because they be alive . - the slave walk towards they in the darkness . a crucifix gleam round he neck . lestat take he . louis the crucifix - lestat forget the crucifix . take he . Louis hesitates . lestat resist no more Louis . feed ... the slave look up and see they . two gleam white being stand before he with devil 's eye . the he run . Louis can resist he no more . he swoops on he with a vampire 's rapid movement , bring he to the ground and sink he tooth in he neck . Close on Louis feed on the slave , the magnificent body shudder in its death -throes . lestat stand above , laugh . the slave die . Louis rise from he , drunkenly , engorge with blood . louis what have I do ? lestat you have feed . you be make for this ... Louis look down at the body of the slave . lestat 's laughter echoe around he . louis dear God , what have I do ? lestat you have kill Louis . and enjoy it . lestat laugh harder . Louis run from he , scream in anguish . ext . graveyard - night Louis reach he wife 's grave . he fall to he knee , throw back he head and bare he new fang to the moon . louis dear God , what have I become ???? int . room . san francisco - night malloy stare at Louis , terrify and enthralled . malloy you say the slave have a crucifix ... louis oh , that rumor about cross ? malloy you can not look at they ... louis nonsense , my friend . I can look on anything I like . and I be particularly fond of look on crucifix . malloy the story about stake through the heart ? louis the same . as you would say today ... bull shit . malloy what about coffin ? louis coffins ... coffin unfortunately be a necessity ... ext . mansion - night Louis walk up the step to the mansion . he look now like a fully - fledge vampire . yvette , the slave girl stare at he from the open doorway . cascade of harpsichord music come from the interior . louis ( v.o. ) killing be no ordinary act . it be the experience of another 's life for certain . that night I have lose my own life and take another 's . I be drown in a sea of human guilt and regret , with all the heighten sense of a vampire ... Louis enter the mansion , follow the harpsichord music , as if in a dream . yvette draw back as he approach . int . mansion - night Louis wander into the parlor , where lestat be play the harpsichord rapidly and exuberantly . Louis go to a full - length mirror and see he own reflection there - quite the perfect vampire . lestat yes , that 's you , my handsome friend . and you will look that way till the star fall from heaven . louis it can not be ... lestat give it time . you be like a man who lose a limb and still imagine he feel pain . it will pass . and we must sleep now . I can feel the sun approach . ext . pointe du lac Dawn spread over the plantation . int . basement - pointe du lac a brick wall storage room . two coffin stand on the floor . lestat enter with a lantern , Louis behind . lestat be apprehensive and protective of Louis . he pull back one lid to reveal a satin interior . lestat you must get into it . it 's the only safe place for you when the light come . louis and if I do not ? lestat the sun will destroy the blood I have give you . every tissue , every vein . the fire in this lantern could do that too . Louis approach the coffin , hand tremble as he peer into it . lestat do not be afraid . in moment you will be sleep as soundly as you ever sleep . and when you awake I will be wait for you , and so will all the world . Louis crawl into the coffin , fearful yet fascinate . louis you tell I something earlier . you say you do not have a choice . be that true ? lestat smile bitterly and nod . lestat someday I will tell you . we have a lot of time to talk to each other . you might say ... we have all the time we shall ever need . he close the lid . total darkness . sound of Louis ' panicked breathe . of he prayer again . louis dear God , what have I do ? int . dine room - night Louis and lestat sit at a sumptuous table , pile with uneaten food . lestat be go through sheaf of document . louis ( v.o. ) I awoke the next evening to a different world . and I realize there be as profound difference between vampire as between human being ... lestat , totting up figure on a piece of paper . lestat you wealth , dear Louis , be inestimable . you income from cotton alone will keep we in comfort for a century . Louis just stare at he . louis ( v.o. ) I sit there stare at he with contempt . he have the soul of a shopkeeper , he be the sow 's ear out of which nothing fine could be make . I feel sadly cheat in have he as a teacher ... lestat look up at he and grin . lestat you will get use to kill . just forget about that mortal coil . you will become accustom to thing all too quickly . louis do you think so ? yvette enter , stand behind he , stare at lestat with loathing . yvette you be not hungry , sir ... lestat au contraire , my dear . he could eat a horse ... lestat laugh loudly . Louis turn and look at yvette . her beautiful forehead in the candlelight , the vein pulsing on she neck and she hand . louis ( v.o. ) I look at anything mortal and see all life as precious , condemn all fruitless guilt and passion that would let it slip through the finger like sand ... yvette return he stare , troubled . louis ( v.o . ) it be only as a vampire that I could see yvette 's beauty . her fear of I increase my desire . yvette reach for he uneaten plate . Louis stop she hand . hold it for a beat too long , look at the vein in she wrist . louis I will finish it , yvette . now leave we . she turn and run from the table . lestat lean towards he . lestat can not you pretend , you fool ? do not give the game away . we be lucky to have such a home . his hand snake out under the table . it come up hold a large grey rat . lestat pretend to drink , at least . he bare he fang and slice the rat 's throat . he pour the blood into a crystal glass . lestat such fine crystal should not go to waste ... he hand the glass to Louis . Louis drink the blood and stare at it in surprise , then at the dead rat on the fine lace tablecloth . lestat I know . it get cold so fast . louis we can live like this ? off the blood of animal ? lestat shrug . lestat I would not call it live . I would call it survive . a useful trick if you be catch for a month on a ship at sea . lestat stroke the belly of the dead rat , study it sadly . lestat there 's nothing in the world now that do not hold some ... louis fascination ... lestat yes . and I be bored with this prattle - he throw the rat away . louis but we can live without take human life . it 's possible . lestat anything be possible . but just try it for a week . come into New Orleans and let I show you some real sport ! he rise . Louis follow . ext . new orlean - night a big , lavish drink place with a raise stage . italian actor in buffoonish costume act crude commedia dell 'arte on the stage . Plantation owner in soile brocade , lace , crooked wig watch the show as tavern wench move about . louis ( v.o. ) this be New Orleans , a magical and magnificent place to live . in which a vampire , richly dress might attract no more notice in the evening than hundred of other exotic creature . Louis and lestat by a table , in the shadow of a tree . Teresa , a tavern wench , sit on lestat 's lap , pour drink for the two of they . she lift a fresh glass to lestat 's lip as he flirt with she . teresa come on , mon cher . the best in the colony . once you touch this you will never go to any other tavern again . lestat you think so , cherie ? but what if I would rather taste you lip ? teresa my lip be even sweeter still ... she kiss he . he let he tongue play with hers , then run it down she neck . she swoon with pleasure . then he sink he tooth gently in she neck , look playfully behind at Louis , who if appal and fascinate . antic on the stage laughter rock the tavern . lestat slip the pale and dead Teresa into a chair beside he and fold she hand on the table . no one notice . he lay gold coin on the table and touch Louis ' knee . lestat let 's get out of here ! lestat rush out , thrilled with himself . ext . tavern - night a crowded street . Louis and lestat emerge from the tavern . Louis look up at the moon . louis have you ever be catch ? lestat of course not . it 's so easy you almost feel sorry for they . they walk down the crowded night street , full of lady in they finery , freed slave , whore , sailor etc . louis ( v.o. ) lestat kill two , sometimes three a night . a fresh young girl , that be he favorite for the first of the evening . int . french quarter mansion - ballroom small orchestra play for colonial couple in fine wig and garb prancing to a french minuet . Young woman sit in chair along the wall with they chaperone . Young man stand opposite . louis ( v.o. ) but the triumphant kill of lestat be a young man . they represent the great loss to lestat because they stand on the threshold of the maximum possibility of life . a youth of preternatural beauty , silhouett against french window . he be talk to a elegant widow , seat , hold two manicure poodle . lestat stare at the youth with long . lestat the trick be not to think about it . see that one ? the widow St. Clair ? she have that gorgeous young fop murder she husband . she 's perfect for you . go ahead . louis but how do you know ? lestat read she thought . louis I can not . lestat the dark gift be different for each of we . but one thing be true of everyone . we grow stronger as we go along . he lead Louis closer to they . lestat take my word for it . she blame a slave for he murder . and do you know what they do to he ? he smile at the young man , who smile in return . lestat the evildoer be easier . and they taste better ... ext . lawns - night lestat walk the youth towards a copse of tree . he look back at Louis , who hold both poodle on a delicate leash , walk with the widow . the minuet spill from the french window . widow ST . clair now , young man , you really amaze I ! I be old enough to be you grandmother . she lean towards he concquettishly . Louis , craze with hunger , see she as beautiful in the moonlight . he allow she lip reach he . he take she in he arm , gently , romantically , and sink in he tooth . she swoon . widow ST . clair yes , that 's the melody , I remember it . oh yes ... Louis draw he lip away . she be weak in he arm , but still alive . he can not do it . the poodle growl . he shoot out a arm and grab one , then the other . ext . tree - night lestat , bend over the body of the dead youth . a scream pierce the night . widow ST clair murder !!! murderer !! ext . lawns . night the widow on the grass , she poodle dead beside she . Louis be try to quiet she . widow ST clair my little papillion ! my butterfly !!! he kill they !!! lestat come from nowhere , clap a hand over she mouth and break she neck . he spit in fury at Louis . lestat you whining coward of a vampire who prowl the night kill rat and poodle . you could have finish we both ! Louis throw himself on lestat with extraordinary force , pummel he towards the tree . louis what have you do to I ? you have condemn I to hell . lestat I do not know any hell - Louis hurl he against tree after tree with a strength he never know he have . louis you want to see I kill ? watch I kill you then - he drag he to the ground a throttles he . lestat look up at he , amaze and amused at the same time . lestat what strength , my friend , what strength . I remember why I choose you now . lestat squirm from he grip , seemingly effortlessly . lestat but you can not kill I , Louis . nor I you . he ruffle Louis ' hair , with wry affection . lestat feed on what you want , mon cherie . rat , chicken , dove , goat . I will leave you to it and watch you come round . just remember , life without I would be even more unbearable ... he smile . a sly , pleasurable secret secret smile . ext . pointe du lac - night they carriage draw up to the mansion as the first finger of light spread across the sky . louis ( v.o. ) be a vampire to he mean revenge . revenge against life - itself . every time he take a life it be revenge . and the slave with a wisdom that be deny they master , begin to notice ... int . slave - hut - night in a tiny cabin , a slave family . kid sleep on the floor , in crib and cot . the parent sleep on the bed , young , beautiful , naked . beside they be lestat , who be drink the husband 's blood , he hand play across the breast of the wife as he do so . she murmur in she sleep . wife yes ... please ... she grab he finger and kiss they , think he to be she husband . lestat gently disengage himself and leave . ext . slave - hut - night the woman 's scream pierce the sky , as lestat walk into the night . ext . chicken - coop - night every chicken be dead , bloddy neck hang down from the crib . Louis emerge from the entrance , blood on he lip . he hear the scream . ext . slave quarter - night the sound of drum be hear , African , primal . the woman run through the quarter , scream grief . other gather at doorway , restrain and console she . ext . dove - cote - day a beautiful , elaborate eighteenth century dove-cote . every dove inside be dead , pierce at the neck . a black hand throw in a flame torch and it burst into flame . int . cabin - night a doll , make in the image of lestat , be pierce with needle . ext . swamp by field - day body of slave float in the swamp , with the body of goat . slave at the edge throw rope around the body , pull they towards the shore . the drum grow louder . ext . slave - quarter - night Louis walk through . the slave hush as he approach , gather in doorway and whisper . he turn and look at they , sorrowfully . he look truly like a ghost . they eye turn away when they meet he . he walk on . int . dine room in mansion - night lestat and Louis sit at the table , the untouched food between they . lestat consider yourself lucky . in Paris a vampire have to be clever for many reason . here all one need be a pair of fang . louis Paris ? you come from Paris ? lestat as do the one who make I . louis tell I about he . you must have learn something from he ! it have to happen for you as it do for I ! lestat I learn absolutely nothing . I be not give a choice , remember ? louis but you must know something about the meaning of it all , you must know where we come from , why we ... lestat spit out in anger . lestat why ? why should I know this thing ? do you know they ? the drum grow outside . lestat ( grip he temple ) that noise ! it 's drive I mad ! we have be in the country for week , with nothing but that noise !!! louis they know about we . they see we dine on empty plate and drink from empty glass . lestat come the New Orleans then . there 's a opera on tonight . a real french opera ! we can dine in splendor ! louis I respect life , do not you see ? for each and every human life I have respect . lestat respect I a little then . I be the only life you know . Louis stare . lestat turn childishly , petulantly . lestat you will soon run out of chicken , Louis ... he walk out , hum a french aria . Louis stare at he plate . ext . slave quarter - night the slave , gather on mass around fire . frenzied drum , dance . lestat ride through , scatter the flame . the drum stop . the slave look towards the house . slowly , they begin to move towards it . int . pointe du lac dine room - night Louis , sit in despair by the table . yvette , the slave girl enter . yvette michi Louis ? you do not want any supper ? Louis laugh harshly . louis no , mar cher . I need no supper . be all well at Pointe du lac tonight ? yvette draw closer . Light reveal she beauty . yvette we worry about you master . when do you ride about the field ? how long since you have be to the slave quarter ? everywhere there be death . animal , man . be you we master still at all ? Louis watch she sadly . he 's get hungry . her throat be long and slender , she breast be gorgeous . louis ( daze ) leave I alone now , yvette . yvette I will not go unless you listen to I . send away this new friend of yours . the slave be frighten of he . they be frighten of you . she come closer , and he can hear she beat heart . she touch he hair . he take she hand and bring it to he lip . louis I be frighten of myself , yvette . he kiss she wrist . she suddenly gasp , sharply , withdraw she hand . she see she wrist be red with blood . she see the blood on he lip . she scream . Louis stand . louis hush , yvette - she scream even louder . Louis clamp he hand over she mouth . her hand grip the table - cloth , pull , bring the empty glass and crockery to the floor . in horror , Louis realize he have break she neck . he bring she cut wrist to he lip , then drop it , revolt . he carry she body outside , grief-strick . the drum grow louder . ext . mansion - night fire burn in the distance , round the slave-cabin . the slave be gather at the foot of the mansion step . they see Louis come out , hold the body of yvette . he be derange with grief . louis this place be curse . damned , do you hear I ? and you master be the devil . he place the body of yvette in a rock chair on the veranda . louis get out while you can . you be free man . they do not move . they stare at he blankly . louis unlike I , you be no free man ... he turn behind he , and look at the mansion , all candelabra and chandelier light , all window open . louis do I have to convince you ? he rush up the stair , snatch up the candelabra and set fire to the drape . he go from window to window , lighting drape , lace curtain , everything . slave Pov - master setting fire to the house . they rush up the stair with shout of " stop he , he's mad " . a wall of flame gush out from the interior , block they way . int . burning mansion - night Louis , wander from room to room of the burn mansion . he see painting of he wife consume by the flame . he be weaken with the fume , the heat . we can see this in he face , the texture of he skin . suddenly a large french window cascade inwards and lestat stand there , whip in hand . behind he we can see the morning sky . lestat you fool , what have you do ? louis what you would not do . it 's almost sunrise . it will be the sun or the fire . you say they can kill I . the sun or the fire ! Louis stand there , weaken , then collapse onto the floor . lestat dart forward and catch he before he drop . he run out the shattered window , carry he on he shoulder . ext . large graveyard - dawn with many crypt . Louis , unconscious , carry over lestat 's shoulder . int . crypt darkness . Louis lie on the floor of a large crypt . he slowly come to . louis where be we ? lestat where do you think , my idiot friend ? we be in a nice filthy cemetery . do this make you happy ? be this fitting and proper enough ? Louis laugh softly . louis we belong in hell . lestat and what if there be no hell , or they do not want we there ? ever think of that ? int . room . san francisco - night the vampire sit in silence , as if tired by he story . malloy speak , hesitantly . malloy you love yvette ... louis can a vampire feel love ? malloy you love you wife , surely . louis I be human then . might as well ask can a angel feel love . both be bless or curse with a certain ... detachment . though whether angel take as long to learn it as I , I will never know . he look directly at malloy , shocking he with he gaze . louis yes , I love yvette . as I love Pointe du lac . and as with each thing I love , I destroy it . ext . new orlean - evening from the sea , at evening , shroud in mist . louis ( v.o. ) lestat I do not love . and he survive . int . inn - evening a lavish little supper chamber with coffere bed , fancy french furniture . open to rooftop of colonial city . Louis sit by a open window look out over the city . behind , we can hear the laughter of lestat and tow female voice . Louis turn and see - lestat , in the main chamber with two drugge or drunk whore . one run she finger down he chest . the other seem out of it . whore # 1 you be skin 's icy . lestat not always ... he press he thumb on she neck and hold she tight , sink he tooth into she neck . after a time she fall to the bed , dead . he turn to the other . lestat you friend have no head for wine . whore she 's stupid . I can warm that cold skin of yours better than she can . lestat do you think so ? he rub she breast . whore why you be warm now . lestat ah , but the price be pretty high . you sweet friend - I exhaust she . he bite she in turn , drink she blood . she do into the swoon . Louis look on in disgust . he stand . louis I be leave you . I can not stand this any longer . lestat pull away from the whore . lestat what , no flowery speech ? about what a monster I be ? what a vulgar fiend ? louis I be not interested in you . you disgust I . I be interested in my own nature and know I can not trust you to tell I the truth about I . lestat what do you imagine you be Louis ? louis I do not pretend to know . lestat do not you understand , Louis , that you alone of all creature can see death with impunity ... you alone under the rise moon can strike like the hand of God . the girl moan . louis lestat , she 's alive !!! lestat vampire be killer . predator , who 's all see eye be mean to give they detachment . the girl moan again , open she eye . louis the girl , lestat - lestat I know . let she alone . he slashes she wrist with he tooth , and let the blood drip into a glass . lestat you think you can be human . you think you can go back . but you can not . you live off the blood of rat now Louis . how human be that ? the girl moan again . lestat drink that glass . lestat lie still , love ... the girl begin to scream . lestat pick she up . lestat you be tired love , you want to sleep . he walk to he coffin , put she inside and sit on the lid . we hear muffle scream and bang from inside . louis why do you do this lestat ? lestat I like to do it . I enjoy it . take you aesthete 's taste to purer thing . kill they swiftly if you will , but do it ! for now doubt , you be a killer Louis . ah ! he stand up . the girl push the lid off , hysterical . she look at Louis . girl it 's a coffin , a coffin ! get I out ! lestat of course it 's a coffin . you be dead , love . Louis scream at lestat louis lestat - finish this - lestat you finish she - if you feel so much - the girl grab Louis and plead . girl you will not let I die , will you ? you will save I ? lestat but it 's too late , love . look at you wrist , you breast . he pick she up again . he turn to Louis laugh . lestat unless I make she one of we ... louis no !!! lestat then you kill her !!!!! the girl scream . Louis put he hand to he ear . then lestat , in a fit of pique put he tooth to she neck . she die at last . a terrible silence descend . lestat look at Louis . louis my God ... to think you ... be all I have to learn from ... lestat in the old world , they call it the dark gift , Louis . and I give it to you . Louis leave without a word . ext . dank new orlean back street - night a rat scurry down a gutter , then another and another . Louis ' hand grab the rat . we see he from behind , walk down the street , grip one , then another . louis ( v.o. ) be I damned ? be I from the devil ? be my very nature that of a devil ? and all the while , as this dread question cause I to neglect my thirst , my thirst grow hotter , my vein be thread of pain in my flesh , my temple throbbed . a smaller side street , in which every house be mark with a X . the street be crawl with rat , and Louis be follow they . a man pass with a lantern . man do not go that way monsieur . it 's the plague . go back the way you come . Louis smile bitterly at this word , repeat they to himself . louis the way I come ... he walk on , follow the rat . louis ( v.o. ) ... and finally , when I could stand it no longer , I stand in a empty desolate street and hear the sound of a child cry . a house , the door slightly open , mark with a X . the sound of a child cry inside . Louis walk towards it . int . house - night a little girl , pull at a figure in a rock chair . claudia mama , please wake up . mama , I be frighten , please wake up . as Louis enter , he see the woman be dead . her eye be be eat away by rat . Louis gasp in horror . Claudia turn . she be a radiant doll or angel as she stretch out she hand to Louis . claudia monsieur , please help we . papa 's wait for we at the ship . please wake mama , monsieur . she run to he . instinctively , he gather she in he arm . he look down pity on she beautiful face . louis ( v.o. ) and if I be damned , why do I fall such pity for she gaunt face ? why do I wish to warm she tiny arm ? Comfort she beat heart ? she snuggle into he , suddenly utterly secure . she tug at he hair , bring he head down towards she . and we see Louis shiver , as he lip go to she neck . her breathe become calm as she go into the swoon . gradually another sound replace it . lestat' laughter , growing louder and louder . suddenly Louis back away , catch red-hand , the child in he arm . he see lestat slapping he knee and laugh in the doorway . lestat ah , my philosopher , my martyr . " never take a human life " . well you must admit it be funny . or be it merely touch ? I be not sure . Louis stare at the unconscious Claudia in horror , then let she slip gently into a chair . shamefully he wipe he mouth , see the tiny wound on she throat . lestat snatch up the dead mother from the chair and begin to dance with she in great circle , hum and talk . her head fall back . Black water flow from she mouth . lestat let 's make some party of it , shall we ? maybe there 's some life in the old lady yet ? Louis flee into the street . lestat come back , Louis , you be what you be . the plague would have get she within hour anyway . merciful death how you love you precious guilt . ext . street - night Louis run through a assortment of street . all the night life of New Orleans flow by he . louis ( v.o. ) for year I have not savore a human . and when I have lestat 's word make sense to I . I know peace only when I kill and when I hear she heart in that terrible rhythm I know again what peace could be . yet even then I could not contenance it ... ext . waterfront - dawn finger of light in the sky . Louis , pale and shiver , walk splash through the water . he come to a huge sewer- pipe , crowded with rat . he crawl inside . ext . waterfront - some evening later the same sewer-pipe . now the body of dead rat lie all around . a pair of fine leather boot splash through the water - lestat 's . int . sewer - pipe - evening Louis huddle there , so pale and shiver he seem close to death . lestat come through . lestat all I need to find you Louis be follow the corpse of rat . he bend down to he , surprisingly gently and put he own coat around he . lestat pain be terrible for you . you feel it like no other creature because you be a vampire . you do not want it to go on . louis no ... they emerge from the sewer and walk along the waterfront . lestat do what it be in you nature to do . and you will feel as you feel with that child in you arm . louis oh God lestat . I feel peace . I feel a end to the craving . lestat that and more . he put he arm around Louis , to stop he shiver . lestat evil be a point of view . God kill , indiscriminately , and so shall we . for no creature under God be as we be , none so like he as ourselves . louis be God merciless ? greedy and cruel ? lestat ah , but we have even more in common with we creator . come , I be like a mother tonight . I want a child . Louis be baffle . he follow . int . inn - supper room lestat enter . lestat she 's here , you wounded one . louis what be you say ? lestat you need company , Louis . more congenial than mine ... lestat hold up a candle and walk towards a large four - poster bed . Claudia lie there , angelic , under the coverlet , two mark on she neck . louis lestat ! lestat you remember how you want she , the taste of she - louis I do not want to kill she . lestat do not worry , Louis , you be conscience be clear . you leave she alive . lestat shake she gently . lestat Claudia , Claudia , listen to I . you be ill , my precious and I be go to give you what you need to get well . louis lestat , what do you mean ? Louis run at he , but lestat brushes he aside effortlessly , so he fall to the floor . lestat bite he wrist and press the bleed wound to the child 's mouth ... he wince in pain . lestat that 's it dear . more . you must drink it to get well . Claudia suck on the wound , revive , make little noise like a person waking from sleep . Louis rise to he foot as Claudia clutches lestat 's arm , suck the blood fiercely . lestat moan . lestat stop , that 's enough . no more . he pull she loose and she growl and stare at he with big clear astonished eye . claudia I want more . louis what have you do ? lestat put she down on the bed and sit beside she , hold he wrist , obviously in pain . claudia more . lestat yes , cherie , of course you want more . and I will show you how to get it . you drink from moral , my beauty , but from I ? never again . still suffer , lestat pull the bell - rope . close on claudia be transformed . become white yet robust , bright - eye yet craze . she shake she beautiful curl and the dust fall from they . they be shine in the candlelight . Louis can not stop look at she . he do not notice as - the maid enter . maid ah , quelle Belle enfant ! the may come near the bed , kneel in front of Claudia . lestat lay he hand on the may 's throat and Claudia watch keenly . lestat gently , cherie . they be so innocent . they must not be make to suffer . Claudia lunge for the throbbing vein in the neck , lock on to the flow blood . the maid be transfix . Close on Louis , he anguish , he fascinate horror . louis you be the devil ! you be the instrument of Satan ! lestat that 's enough , cherie . stop before the heart stop . he let the dead may onto the floor . Claudia look at the corpse . claudia I want some more . lestat it 's bet in the beginning , lest the death take you down with it . yes , that 's it . my child . my beloved child . lestat and Claudia sit on the Louis XVI settee . Claudia be a vision , a doll make out of pearl . animate , voice crisp . claudia where be mamma ? the word echo in Louis ' head , as he put he hand to he ear . lestat mamma 's go to Heaven , cherie , like that sweet lady over there . they all go to Heaven . and you do very well , cherie . not a drop spilt . very good ! you be go to be we child now . lestat take out he comb and begin to comb she hair . lestat you mama 's leave you with we . she want you to be happy . louis ( whisper ) you be the devil ! you be the instrument of Satan ! lestat shhhh ! do you want to frighten we little daughter ? claudia I be not you daughter . lestat yes you be , my dearest . you be mine and Louis ' daughter . you see Louis be go to leave we . he be go to go away . but now he 's not . he 's go to stay and make you happy . Claudia run over to he . she smile at he . claudia lou...eee ... Louis be conflict . he can not leave she . he touch she cheek , she hair . same as he . vampire skin and hair . he draw in he breath , shocked by she beauty , then he embrace she as a father might a daughter . he look over she shoulder to lestat . louis you fiend . you monster . lestat smile lestat one happy family . int . room - san francisco malloy be open mouth . malloy a child vampire ! he see the tape have run out . he rapidly and clumsily stick in another . louis shall we go on ? malloy he do it to make you stay with he ! louis perhaps . he know I . he know I would love she more than the waking world . but there be more to it than that . perhaps in the end he do it - to show I that he could . for he lavish affection on she , there be no doubt about that . life be very different with madame Claudia , as you can imagine ... ext . new spanish townhouse - ( rue royale , new orlean ) two husky mover bring in furniture through the back courtyard , past the fountain and the banana tree , up the back stair and into - int . flat stripe wallpaper give way to flower in the bedroom . huge four-poster bed in the bedroom , and large chest , as big as coffin stand against the wall . everywhere there be candle and pretty Louis XVI furniture . lestat give instruction to the mover . we move into a dimly lit parlour we see Claudia drape in lace stand on a petit point chair as a dressmaker measure out a garment . Louis can be see , in a inner room . dressmaker monsieur , I need more light . I shall go slind if you do not bring I a lamp , or let I fit this child during the day . ouch ! she have prick she hand . a spot of blood appear on she finger Claudia take she hand . claudia let I kiss it better ... Claudia bring the hand to she lip . the dressmaker abruptly pull she finger away , in pain again . closeup - she finger , two hole show . louis ( v.o. ) a little child she be , but also a fierce killer , now capable of the ruthless pursuit of blood with all a child 's demand . lestat walk through - see the dressmaker lie dead at Claudia 's foot , Claudia still on the chair in the half - finish dress . lestat Claudia , Claudia , will you never learn ? who will we get now to finish you dress ? a little practicality , cherie ... int . louis ' bedroom - night louis ( v.o. ) she would sleep in my coffin , daily , curl she child 's finger round my hair as she dreamt of I know not what ... Claudia and Louis , sleep in a coffin together , Claudia 's finger curling he hair . int . claudia' bedroom Claudia play with doll , each as perfect and beautifully dress as she be . louis ( v.o. ) mute and beautiful , she play with doll , dress they and undress they by the hour . int . parlour - night Claudia tinkling with she child 's hand on the piano , pick out a hesitant tune . louis ( v.o. ) mute and beautiful , she kill . and to watch she kill be chill . ext . square - night the tinkling of Claudia 's piano be hear , over - a well - dress lady , walk through a square light by gaslight . the lady hear a child 's sobbing and stop , turn . Pov Claudia , the picture of lose innocence , sit on a bench and cry . woman why be you cry , child ? the woman , all solicitude , go to Claudia . woman be you lose , my love ? claudia mama ... woman hush now , do not cry , we will find she ... claudia mama ... the woman take Claudia in she arm . Claudia nestle she head in she shoulder , she tooth near she neck . louis ( v.o. ) they find death fast in that day , before she learn to play with the , to delay the moment till she have take what she want ... int . parlour - night a stern , stiff piano - teacher ( male ) beat time with a ruler as Claudia pick out scale on the piano . he rap she on the knuckle . piano -teacher the thumb girl ! mind the thumb ! Claudia glare at he , then return to play , improve rapidly . int . doll - shop - night piano music over . mozart , now well play . Claudia stare at a glass case , inside of which be a array of eighteenth century doll . a old dollmaker look down on she . dollmaker they be expensive , my dear . maybe too expensive for a young girl like you ... ext . STREET - night Claudia walk along , clutching the doll . int . doll - shop - night the dollmaker lie dead , two puncture mark in he throat , he doll scattered all around he . ext . undertaker be - night Claudia and Louis look through the window at a display of coffin . Claudia point at the smallest one . louis ( v.o. ) she grow , yet stay the same . she want a bed of she own , yet would climb back into mine . int . claudia' bedroom - night the child 's coffin on the floor . the lid lift . Claudia emerge , yawn , wander through the flat into - louis ' bedroom where he coffin sit . she slide the lid off , and curl in beside he . int . parlour - night Claudia play the piano , now with remarkable dexterity . the piano- teacher sit mute beside she . as she play , he topple over and fall to the ground . we see the puncture - mark in he neck . lestat , hearing the noise , come in . lestat Claudia , Claudia ! do not I tell you , never in the house ! Claudia smile to herself , keep play . int . claudia' bedroom - night canary sing in a cage , above a child 's coffin . Claudia be write at a secretaire . she be write in a diary with a quill pen in a adult hand . she murmur the date as she write . claudia September 21st , one hour after sunset . the sky be still violet , the way Louis love and as always lestat be go when we rise . she look up and see Louis in the doorway , watch she . louis how do you learn to write , Claudia ? claudia the way I learn everything . by watch you . she close the diary . claudia but you never let I see you kill , Louis . louis lestat teach you all you need to know about that . claudia infant death , he call I . sweet daughter death . you know what he call you ? merciful death . louis he jest . claudia why do he call you that ? louis hush , Claudia do not talk about such thing . show I you book . she open it . Inside there be a beautiful pen and ink portrait of Louis . louis Claudia ! you do that ? claudia sit still . it 's not finish - she begin to fill in the sketch . louis ( v.o. ) time can pass fast for mortal when they be happy . with we it be the same . ext . rue royale - night ( 1800 ' S ) Street lamp be oil at this period . house be now tall two -story Spanish style . street be flagstone . pass carriage be black . louis ( v.o . ) it be a very different life . and a new century be beginning . what have once be a small godforsake french colony be grow into a great port , give we a endless train of magnificent stranger ... Claudia , Louis and lestat , dress in the same clothes walk through a raucous carnival with sideshow . crowd milling around , sailor , whore , child , thief , freed slave , Indians . they pass a Wild West display , juggler , fire -eater , three - card trickster ... louis ( v.o. ) all human life be here , for the take . and we take , all three of we , in we different way ... they come to a raise platform where a troupe of perfectly - form midget do a burlesque show . Claudia stop . she stare , at this small , perfect creature like herself , intrigue and troubled . Louis and lestat walk on , not notice as - claudia circle the troupe . she come to a small tent , behind it . at the entrance stand a midget youth . youth you want to come inside , lovely ? Claudia walk up to he . youth ever be kiss ? Claudia shake she head . he kiss she . Claudia allow she to be kiss , then bite he tongue . he youth struggle , as Claudia hold he and drain he . she let he go as Louis appear behind she . claudia she 's like I , Louis . small and yet not small at all . like I . Louis hurriedly draw she away . louis ( v.o. ) I watch she grow yet stay the same , she doll - like face possess of adult eye , eerie , powerful , seductive ... int . flat - night Claudia play the piano , now like a demonic liszt . Louis write . lestat appear in the doorway . he have a big box in he arm . claudia another doll ? I have ten , you realize . focus on early 19th century french doll - wood , glass , wax , bisque - all around the bedroom , on chair , on the bed . some newish , some tatter old . lestat well , I think you could use another . he hand she the box . it be a fine parisian jumeau doll . she like it and stoke its face . claudia why always on this night ? lestat what night ? what do you mean ? claudia you always give I the doll on the same night of the year . lestat I do not realize . claudia be this my birthday ? he examine the other doll . lestat some of this be so old and tatter . you should throw they away . claudia I have . or there would be twice as many . lestat but you be the fairest by far . claudia you dress I like a doll . you make my hair like a doll . why ? lestat do not answer . Claudia stand up quickly , and stride out into the - parlour where Louis be read by the window . she walk to a mirrore cabinet , take out a scissors and begin cut she hair . claudia you want I to be a doll forever ? louis Claudia - do not - claudia why not ? she continue cut . she see lestat emerge from she bedroom in the mirror behind she then turn to he , a angelic little boy 's face now with soft curl around she face . claudia can not I change , like everybody else ? she walk past he , back into she bedroom and slam the door . a beat . Louis look from the mass of blonde hair on the floor to lestat . then a horrid scream pierce the silence . more scream , which become roar . int . claudia' bedroom she stand before the dress - table , all she long hair grow back over she shoulder . she hold it with both hand , scream and scream . lestat and Louis come through the door . claudia which of you do it ? which of you make I the way I be ? lestat what you be ? you would be something other than you be ? claudia and if I cut my hair again ? lestat it will grow back again ! claudia but it be not always so ! I have a mother once ! and Louis - he have a wife ! he be mortal the same as she ! and so be I ! louis Claudia - she turn on lestat . claudia you make we what we be , do not you ? lestat stop she Louis ! claudia did you do it to I ???? she run at he with the scissors , scoring he face . the cut heal . she score it again . it heal again . she stare at he in horror . claudia ( whisper ) how do you do it ? lestat and why should I tell you ? it 's in my power . claudia why yours alone ? tell I how it be do !!!! lestat be glad I make you what you be ! you would be dead not if I have not . he storm out . Louis go to Claudia and pick she up in he arm . louis ( tenderly ) we be immortal . you have always know that . claudia tell I why ... you have get to tell I ... Louis carry she outside , onto the porch . there be a old flower - seller go by . louis you see the old woman ? that will never happen to you . you will never grow old . you will never die . claudia and it mean something else too , do not it ? I shall never , ever grow up . she clutches Louis desperately . claudia I hate he . but I can not bear to lose you . you be the only companion I have , forever . you teach I everything I know . please tell I Louis . tell I how it come to be that I be this ... thing ... Louis stroke she beautiful face , she hair . louis come ... I have something to show you ... ext . new orlean street - night Louis walk , hold Claudia as if he be about to lose she . louis ( v.o. ) though everything be change , through the year have warpe the contour of the street , I find my way there , aware that I would always know where it be and avoid it , not want to pass the doorway where I would first hear Claudia cry . Louis back in the same street , outside the same house . he stand with Claudia at the window . there be a family inside , a picture of domestic tranquility . louis I hear you cry . you be there in a room with you mother . you be hugging she for warmth , cry pitifully as you have be for day . because you mother be dead ... Claudia stare at he , suddenly very cold , very alert . louis I open the shutter ... I come into the room ... I feel pity for you . pity , but something else . he can not go on . Claudia 's eye be remorseless . claudia you ... feed on I ? louis and he find I with you . I run , sicken at what I would do . then he cut he wrist and feed you from he . I try to stop he , but you be a vampire then . and have be every night hereafter . claudia you both do it ? louis I take you life . he give you another one . Claudia speak through indrawn breath . claudia and here it be . and I hate you both . she run . int . room san francisco malloy and Louis . malloy but why do you tell she ? louis how could I not ? she have to know . malloy and do you lose she ? do she go ? louis where would she have go ? she be a child , and beautiful , heartbreaking merciless child . and I have make she that ... ext . street - night Louis , walk the street , shiver . louis I walk all night . I walk as I walk year before when my mind swim with guilt at the think of kill . I find myself at the Cathedral . a cathedral rise out of the mist , the door open . louis I think of all the thing I have do and could not undo . and I long for one second 's peace ... Louis walk towards the door , inside . int . cathedral - night Louis enter . the dim light of candle . a sacristan tend the altar , a old woman praying - otherwise empty . louis I have no fear . if anything I long for something to happen , for the stone to tremble as I enter the foyer . Louis walk down the nave of the church . he stop by the alter . louis I almost genuflected from old habit . I almost pray . Louis sit in a pew . louis and then it strike I . louis ' Pov the cross , the statue , the tabernacle . louis what if the statue give a image to nothing ? what if I be the supernatural in this cathedral ? the only immortal under this roof . and I feel nothing but loneliness . loneliness to the point of madness . suddenly a hand be laid on he shoulder . Louis almost jump . he turn and see the face of a grey-haire priest . priest you wish to go to confession ? I be about to lock up the church . Louis stare at he , tear in he eye . priest you be troubled , be not you ? can I help ? louis it 's too late , too late - preist no , it 's never too late . come ... the priest gesture to the confessional . Louis rise , slowly . int . confessional Louis , kneel in the darkness . the hatch slide back . louis bless I father for I have sin so often and so long , I do not know how to change nor beg for forgiveness . priest Son , God be infinite in he capacity to forgive . tell he from you heart . louis murder , father , death after death . the woman who die two night ago in Jackson Square , I kill she . and thousand of other before she . I have walk the street of New Orleans like the grim reaper . and feed on human life for my own . I be a vampire , father , and have turn the one I love most of all into on too - the hatch slam down . Louis rise , confuse , and the door be flung open , the priest stand there . priest do you know the meaning of sacrilege ? Louis rise . walk out . louis then there be no mercy . his face come into the light . the priest step back , open-mouthed . louis you talk of sacrilege . why if God exist do he suffer I to exist ? he bare he fang . the priest run , scream . get to the bellrope , begin to ring the bell . Louis swoops on he . louis why do he suffer I to live ? Louis take he , lift he from the floor , till he foot stop kick . int . flat - night Louis enter , silently , like a corpse . he hear a voice behind he . claudia lock together in hatred - he turn , see she sit in the darkness . she be wear a tiny nightgown of stitched lace and pearl , weirdly adult and seductive . she come towards he . claudia but I can not hate you Louis . she spray perfume over she body as she come nearer . claudia be this the aroma of a mortal child ? she whisper . claudia Louis . lover . she kiss he cheek . claudia I be mortal to you . you give I you immortal kiss . you become my mother and my father . and so I be yours . forever . she take he face in she hand . claudia but now 's the time to end it , Louis . now 's the time to leave he . louis he will never let we go . Claudia smile . claudia oh ... really ? ext . dockland - new orlean - night a sailing ship , by the dock . Louis and Claudia talk to a shipping - clerk . louis ( v.o. ) so we make plan . she be convinced there be other of we kind in Europe , that they would have the answer lestat could not provide . lestat whom she now hate , who she think she could be free of . I doubted , but then she have a surprise in store ... int . flat - night lestat play the piano . Louis read . Claudia enter , wear a cape and hat . she walk to the piano , sit at the end of the piano and stare at he as he play . lestat what be it now ? you irritate I ! you very presence irritate I ! claudia ( sweetly ) do it ? lestat yes . and I will tell you something else ! I have meet someone who will make a better vampire than both of you . claudia be that suppose to frighten I ? lestat you be spoil because you be a only child . you need a brother . or I do . I be weary of you both . claudia I suppose we could people the world with vampire , the three of we . lestat not you my dear . claudia you be a liar . but you upset my plan . lestat what plan ? claudia I come to make peace with you , even if you be the father of lie . I want thing to be as they be . Louis perk up , puzzle . lestat stop pester I then ! claudia oh , lestat . I must do more than that . I have bring a present for you . lestat then I hope its a beautiful woman with endowment you will never possess . Claudia stare at he for a moment . claudia better than that . she take he hand and lead he into a inner room . Louis follow behind . claudia you have not feed enough . I can tell by you color . int . dine room - night two beautiful youth , lie asleep on a couch , by a table full with a half - eat meal . lestat sigh . lestat oh , Claudia , you have outdone yourself . where do you find they ? claudia drunk on brandy wine . a thimbleful . I think of you when I see they . lestat we forgive each other then ? Claudia stare at he , sit . she nod . lestat bite into the neck of one of the youth , suck greedily and horribly . Claudia watch he without expression . he finish one , be about to take the other when he stagger . he look at Claudia . lestat absinthe ? you give they absinthe ? claudia no. laudanum . lestat stare wildly at she , try to move towards she , then slip to the floor . lestat laudanum ! claudia yes . it kill they , unfortunately . but it keep the blood warm . lestat try to rise . lestat ah Louis , Louis , she kill they ... and let I drink ... Louis watch , appal . he go to move . claudia do not Louis - lestat Louis , put I in my coffin ... claudia I will put you in you coffin . forever . she pull a knife out from under she shawl , walk rapidly to he and slashes he throat . blood explode from it . louis Claudia ! do not do this thing !!! lestat Louis , Louis , I give you the gift - help I - Claudia lacerate he face . blood pour from everywhere . she plunge the knife in he chest . he fall back , fang bare , clutching the knife . Claudia leap on he then , bite deep into he neck as he die . Louis scream , run forward , pull she away . louis what have you do , Claudia - he drag she off lestat , try to pull she out of the room . she hiss at he . claudia Louis ! look what 's happen to he !! Louis look . the floor be a sea of blood . lestat have begin to shrivel , as if he would be a bag of blood . his skin be shriveling against he bone like parchment , he eye be slip back into he skull - like face . his lush , beautiful hair remain unchange . but he clothes be virtually be emptied of the body . it be no more than bone , wrap in paper and the pupil of the eye suddenly roll up into the paper skull . louis lestat . oh , God forgive we . claudia do not mock I , Louis . help I . she stare at the shrivel skeleton in its skin wrapping . she be fascinate . she see the vampiric blood flow all over the floor . she touch it and bring she finger to she lip . claudia goodnight , sweet prince , may flight of devil wing you to you rest . Louis walk forward , touch the skeleton , the blonde hair . louis he 's dead , Claudia , dead . claudia the one good lesson he teach I , Louis . never drink from the dead . she stand up , all business suddenly . claudia help I . we must get rid of he . she drag the coverlet from the table , knock the crockery over the dead youth , and wrap lestat 's skeleton in it . she take a bunch of chrysanthemums and place they in he skeleton hand . claudia should we burn he ? bury he ? what would he have like , Louis ? louis do not mock , Claudia ... claudia the swamp ... ext . carriage - night Louis whipping the horse . Claudia beside he . lestat 's skeleton in the back , with the body of the two dead youth . claudia in Europe , Louis . we shall meet we own kind . find the one who make he . learn what it mean . louis and suppose the one who make he know nothing and the vampire who make he know nothing , and it go back , nothing proceeding from nothing , until there be nothing ! and we must live with the knowledge that there be no knowledge . the carriage pull up by a swamp . mist everywhere . overhange creeper . louis and if we find the one who make he ? do we tell he we destroy he own creation ? the vampire lestat ? Louis drag out the body of the boy . he slide they into the water of the swamp . we see ripple in the water and the churn of alligator , as they attack the corpse . Louis take lestat 's skeleton in he arm . he slide it into the water . the alligator speed towards it . claudia he belong with that reptile , Louis . he deserve to die . louis then maybe so do we . every night of we life . he be my brother . my maker . he give I this life , whatever it be . claudia I do it for we , Louis . so we could be free . he stand there , say nothing . claudia Louis , look at I . louis ( bitterly ) I can not . go away from I . Claudia be shocked to she core . she step back . Louis stare at the rippling water . gradually the movement of alligator stop . then he hear a sound he have not hear in year . Soft , choke . he turn , see Claudia sit by a cypress tree , like a little girl for the first time in year . she be weep copiously . louis Claudia - you be cry - we see she face , tear of blood run down it . she be heartbroken , lose . claudia you never talk to I like that - in all this year . louis and you never cry - claudia I can not bear it when you do - I would die rather than lose you Louis . I would die the way he die . Louis gather she in he arm . louis hush , Claudia , hush now my dear - claudia tell I you do not hate I Louis . I do it for you - Louis walk she towards the carriage . louis I love you Claudia . always . and we be free now , Claudia . no lestat . just the two of we , beginning the great adventure of we life . he lift she into the carriage and drive off , leave the silent water of the swamp . int . flat - night sturdy mulatto workmen lift case and trunk out of the apartment . all the furniture be cover in white sheet . Claudia dress in a cap and hat , be play the piano by the light of one remain oil - lamp . Louis come from she room with the cage of canary . louis the bird . we forget about the bird . there 's nothing for it but to let they go . he open the cage , and the canary fly around the room . there be a knock on the door . Claudia falter . claudia what be that ? louis the workmen must have a trunk - do not stop , cherie - he go downstairs . Claudia play a moment , then stop , perturb . she go to the window . then see something out there that make she face go white . she scream . claudia Louis !!! the stairway Louis walk to the door . the knock get louder . the parlour Claudia run for the stair , after Louis . the hallway Louis reach the door . the knock get louder . he open the door as - claudia reaches the stair . she scream - claudia do not Louis - but Louis have open the door . nothing there . he look back at Claudia , puzzle , then at the door again when , swoop into he vision come the nightmare image of - lestat in filthy swamp - soak rag , robust again , but he flesh shrivel , cover in scar , he eye riddled , bloodshot . he roar . lestat where be she ? where be that accursed child ? Louis throw he body against the door , slamm it on lestat 's reach hand . the hand withdraw , as lestat roar . Louis bolt the door . Louis run up the stair , sweep Claudia in he arm , watch appal as the door shudder with the force of lestat 's body . in the parlour Louis run through with Claudia in he arm . louis it can not be - claudia it be ! take the back stairwell - suddenly lestat crash through the casement window , scatter blood everywhere , reefing himself on the shattered glass . he tumble to the floor and get unsteadily to he foot . lestat give I her louis !! Louis throw Claudia behind he and hurl himself on lestat , who fight like a ravening animal , bit of he break body come off in the process . then with a terrifying effort , lestat hurl Louis off , go for Claudia , who grab the poker from the fireplace , scatter burn coal over he . he fall back , then come at she again , as the drape catch fire . Louis grab the lamp . louis stay back - for the love of God ... or I will burn you alive ... lestat lunge again at Claudia . Louis hurl the lamp , which explode he in flame . lestat scream in agony , whirl around the room , then come on Claudia again . she hurl another lamp . Louis throw the flame sheet around he , wrapping he further in fire . lestat fall to he knee , choke , hand up over he face in the smoke . the whole parlor be afire . Louis gather up Claudia , smother the burn house , carry she down the back stair , through the carriage way and through the gather crowd of mortal into the street . ext . STREET - night Louis run , with Claudia in he arm . he look back at the flame of the house . sound of a ship 's horn . claudia the ship be sailing without we ! louis not yet . holding she tightly , Louis run . ext . deck of ship - near dawn Louis stand at the railing in the morning mist as the ship move down the river . he see ... CITY of new orlean with flame lighting up the sky . louis ( v.o. ) though the fire seem to spread through the quartier , I stand on that deck until dawn , fearful he would come out again of the very river like some monster to destroy we both . and all the while I think , lestat , we deserve you vengeance . you give I the dark gift . and I deliver you into the hand of death for the second time . int . room . san francisco Louis and malloy . malloy do he die in the fire ? louis he be dead to we . we be free . that be all that matter . ext . ship - evening the ship , shroud in mist . louis ( v.o. ) though the ship be blessedly free of rat , a strange plague nonetheless strike its passenger . a body be slip into the sea . a priest read last rite to a mourn family . int . ship hold trunks and case , creak with the ship 's movement . Dead rat everywhere . louis ( v.o. ) Claudia and I alone seem immune . we keep to ourselves , ponder the mystery of lestat and the great mystery of each other . ext . ship - night pass through the Straits of gibralter . louis ( v.o. ) we reach the Mediterranean . I want that water to be blue . they be black , nighttime water and how I suffer then , strain to remember the color that a young man 's sense have take for grant , that my memory have let slip away for eternity . it be black off the coast of Italy , black off the coast of Greece , Europe itself be black . ext . deck - night Claudia , sit with a easel and sketch - pad , sketching the bay of naple . a beautifully realize draw , all in shade of grey and black . Louis observe . claudia Louis , you quest be for darkness only . this sea be not you sea . they myth of man be not you myth . they history be not yours . the sketch change to a sketch of - the acropolis in the moonlight . louis ( v.o. ) we see the acropolis by moonlight , shade of grey and silver . and I long for the brilliant white of that marble in the hot sun of Homer ... the sketch change to a sketch of - transylvania and the traditional shape of the vampire landscape . louis ( v.o. ) we dock at varna and searched the rural countryside of the carpathian , for what she like to term " we kind " ... montage of sketch a translyvanian village , a graveyard . ruined castle after castle , looking into the skie ... louis the quest for this Old World vampire fill I with bitterness . we searched village after village , ruin after ruin and I be glad when always we find nothing . for what could the damned really have to say to the damned ? int . room . san francisco malloy and Louis . malloy you find nothing ? louis peasant rumor , superstition about garlic , cross , stake in the hear , all that - how do you say again ? bull shit . but one of we kind ? not a whisper . malloy no vampire in transylvania ? no Count dracula ? louis fiction , my friend . the vulgar fiction of a dement irishman ... so we repair to Paris ... ext . boulevard facade of grand HOTEL and paris opera crowd and gaslight everywhere . carriage , horse , opera come from the opera house . louis ( v.o. ) I think the very name of Paris bring a rush of pleasure to I that be extraordinary . I be a creole , after all and Paris be the mother of New Orleans , a universe whole and entire unto herself ... ext . 18 th centure palace along the seine - night the high wall of the Louvre , dark figure walk in pair through the shadowy tuliery . ext . STREET - shop window Claudia , in furtrimmed muff and bonnet , peer through the glass at a display of doll . each doll in there seem to resemble she , with blonde hair and blue eye . she peer deep into the shop and see - madeleine , a young woman bent over a workbench painting a doll 's face , oblivious to be watch . int . opera staircase Louis and Claudia hurry hand in hand with a crowd of mortal towards the sound of a orchestra turning beyond . int . notre dame Claudia and Louis stand in the deep shadow , look at the branching arch . Louis be overcome with sadness , Claudia be fascinate . int . gallery Louis and Claudia walk among a series of mythological nude by poussin . int . salon - night Claudia , surround by discard dress and outfit , be attend by couturier . all the clothes be tiny , to fit she frame , but have a adult cut and shape . louis we be alive again . we be in love and so euphoric be I that I yield to she every desire ... int . sumpruous HOTEL suite full of late 19th century furniture , lot of Empire style , Regency , gilt , velvet and brocade . close on a huge black ebony chest against a wall , solemn among all the light and glitter . claudia by a large gilt mirror , in she new clothes . she be cover with jewelry , fix earring to she ear . claudia help I , mon chere ... Louis walk over , help she with the earring . claudia how do I look ? louis still my beautiful child . Claudia laugh . claudia a beautiful child ! be that what you still think I be ? louis yes ... he turn away . claudia why do you turn away ? why do not you look . she twirl , look at herself in the mirror , then stop , stare at herself . claudia you want I to be you daughter forever , do not you ? louis yes . claudia well tell I , papa . what be it like make love ? Louis be stunne . he blushes . claudia you do not remember ? or you never know . louis it be something hurry ... and seldom savore ... something acute that be quickly lose . it be the pale shadow of kill . claudia but how will I ever know , Louis ? she stare at he through the mirror . claudia I will never find they , will I ? my own kind ... ext . boulevard - evening Louis and Claudia walk along a boulevard like father and daughter . all around they be bourgeois parisian family on they evening stroll . Claudia point at the child that pass . claudia have I anything in common with she , Louis ? she point to a beautiful french child walk by with she mother . claudia or she , or she - or any of they ? louis Claudia , you torture yourself . claudia they be duckling , that will grow into swan . whereas I must be the duckling forever . louis you be more beautiful than any of they . ext . doll - shop - night we see madeleine , inside , painting a doll 's face . Louis and Claudia arrive outside . claudia all she doll resemble I . Pov Claudia 's face , with the doll in the background . the resemblance be uncanny . claudia be they my kind Louis ? doll never change either . louis you be neither , Claudia . now stop this - madeleine see Claudia from inside . she wave . louis you know she ? claudia yes . should I take she , Louis ? among she doll ? make a doll of she in turn ? louis come , Claudia ... he take she arm . but Claudia shake he off , and move into the shop . ext . latin quarter - night Louis walk briskly , head bow . louis ( v.o. ) for a time we have be almost human , in the sensual whirl of what Paris have to offer . but the human delight of that city only serve to remind she of the ageless child she have become . I feel she pain as I walk until I become aware that I be be follow . closeup - louis ' feet walk . a step echoe he . Louis stop . turn , see nothing . then walk again . the echoing step begin again . Louis again . see a shadow , flitting . louis Claudia ! nothing . he walk again , hear the same effect . then he stop . he stare at a gaslamp opposite . louis ( v.o. ) so it be when I have give up the search for vampire that a vampire find I ... santiago , a tall vampire , materialize under the gaslight . and Louis gradually realize that this vampire have assume the same attitude , posture , clothes and hair-style as Louis . Louis give a involuntary shake of the head . santiago mimic . Louis take a step forward . santiago mimic . Louis fold he arm . santiago mimic . louis &amp ; statiago ( simultaneously ) clever . louis you mean I harm ? santiago ( a beat later ) you mean I harm ? Louis calculate . louis trickster . buffoon ! santiago echoe the first word , but not the second . Louis have break he composure . he turn he back on santiago , only to come face to face with santiago right in front of he . again Louis turn this back to find santiago face he . Louis turn , glower , refuse to look at he . louis I have searched the world for a immortal and this be what I find ? slowly he look up . santiago draw close , break the mirror trick and suddenly slam Louis back against the wall . Louis be furious . he regains he balance , strike out at santiago and when santiago vanish , to reappear behind he , Louis slam back he elbow into he midriff . santiago stagger , amaze and then rush at Louis , throw he down . Louis roll back to he foot , then to he amazement see two vampire , on in front , on behind . he look both way , then see one have vanish . he stare , awestruck , at this new one : armand he look like a angel . armand you be all right . he reach into he waistcoat , take a engrave invitation out of he pocket and thrust it at Louis . Louis read it aloud , as we see : " theatre des vampire by special invitation Friday , 9 p.m . " armand bring the petit beauty with you . no one will harm you . I will not allow it . remember my name . armand . armand bow and vanish . Louis listen to the silence . ext boulevard des capuchine - theatre des vampire - night Louis formally dress with Claudia in rich attire on he arm . they pass people buy ticket for the theatre and go inside . louis remember what I have tell you . they will have different power . they will read you thought if you allow it . they draw close to : huge poster reading - " theatre des vampire present the masque of the red death by Edgar Allen poe " the poster be illustrate with cliched image of vampire overcome damsel in distress . another angle claudia but this can not be real . this be nonsense . louis nonsense all right . but something tell I it 's go to be the strangest nonsense we have ever see . warily , they show they invitation to the mortal ticket taker at the door . he glance away indifferently . int . theatre BOX - night Claudia and Louis look at the crowd as the light go down . claudia mortal , mortal everywhere . and lot of drop to drink . louis they be here . I know they be . listen for something that do not make a sound . stage : curtain rise . a elaborate paint set of a italianate castle . death stand before it , the traditional image of the grim reaper , complete with magnificent scythe . louis ( whisper ) it 's a vampire . it 's the one I see in rue St Jacques . a version of the poe story unfold before they . all of the participant be vampire . all beautiful gleam white , age 20 or 30 . louis they use no paint . and the audience think it be paint . claudia how devilishly clever . a spotlight uncover a mortal woman suddenly force out upon the stage . claudia she 's no vampire . louis no . she 's frighten . she do not know where she be . the audience laugh uneasily , then stop as the mortal woman come into the footlight . she be too beautiful , too confuse . santiago , as death , advance on she . she back away , terrify , then see the other vampire , in a phalanx , advance from behind , in a half - circle . mortal woman I do not want to die ! she look around in panic . santiago swoon , arm over he breast as if he be hopelessly in love . santiago we be death ! the mortal woman step to the footlight . mortal woman someone help I . please ... what have I do ? Louis whisper to Claudia . louis this be no performance . claudia and no one know but we ... on the stage santiago we all die . death be the one thing you share with all that here . santiago gesture to the audience . audience rapt face . on the stage mortal woman but I be young ... santiago death be no respecter of age . he can come any time , any place . need I tell you what fate have in store for you ? mortal woman I would take my chance . let I go ! please ... santiago and if you take that chance and live , what be you fate ? the humpback toothless visage of old age ? santiago approach she and tear the drawstring out of she peasant blouse . it open completely and start to slip . she try to catch it , but gently stop she wrist . the blouse fall , expose she young breast . louis and claudia louis this be monstrous ! claudia yes , and very beautiful . on the stage santiago just as this flesh be pink now , it will turn grey and wrinkle with age . mortal woman let I live , please . I do not care . santiago then why should you care if you die now ? she shake she head , confuse . he catch she wrist behind she back . audience be awestruck by she beauty , she suffer . santiago draw near she cheek . santiago and suppose death have a heart to love and to release you ? to whom would he turn he passion ? would you pick a person from the crowd there ? a person to suffer as you suffer ? audience a young girl cry out in jest . young girl oh , yes , take I monsieur vampire ! I adore you ! audience roar with laughter . on the stage santiago you wait you turn . the audience laugh again . the mortal woman shake she head in panic . santiago well , have you a sister , a mother , a daughter you would send in you place ? close on claudia even she be repell by the cruelty . she shake she head . mortal woman shake she head . she be helpless . santiago we alone can give death meaning . do you know what it mean to be love by death , to become we bride ? mortal woman look up on the verge of hysteria or fainting . but then she eye mist over . she be be entrance . from her Pov we realize she be look past santiago at the divinely beautiful armand , who have just step out of the wing . armand have entrance she . he pass santiago . santiago stiffen , but yield the stage . armand no pain . mortal woman no pain ? armand take she by the naked shoulder . armand you beauty be a gift to we . on the stage armand gesture to the other who slowly , gracefully close in . armand who deserve such a gift ? he pull the drawstring from she skirt and it fall revealing she nakedness . but she be spellbound . mortal woman no pain ... armand embrace she , drink , she naked body stark against she black clothes , then he pass she to the other vampire one by one . close on louis who battle desire and hunger with anger . louis I have see enough of this ! I loathe it ! claudia be still ! on the stage the naked mortal woman lie dead on the floor . the vampire seem to vanish one by one . as the curtain draw across , the audience loudly applaud what they presume be theatrical trick . another angle the audience , milling towards the exit . they talk in vacuous term about the beauty of the show , the symbolism of it , the dare of it as they leave . gradually Louis and Claudia be leave alone in the empty theatre . Louis seem anxious to leave . Claudia whisper in he ear . claudia patience , Louis . patience . he look around the empty theatre , more eerie now than when the play be on . the red curtain shift slightly in a hide breeze , a candle sputter and die in a box . then the candle flare again , and we see armand in the box , look down on they . he stare with a dreamy expression , say nothing . louis we have be search for you for a very long time ... his voice echoe eerily . armand gesture for they to follow he . int . foot of stairway armand lead , Louis and Claudia follow . it open into a - huge underground ballroom wall be paint with famous copy of durer , brueghel , goya and bosch depiction of death . Fine wooden coffin line the wall . candle burn in sconce , casting alternate shadow and pool of light . armand walk through , gesture Louis and Claudia to follow he . as they walk through , vampire man and woman appear out of the shadow like wraith , startling they , drift around they , stroking they , touch Claudia as if she be a doll . shriek of preternatural laughter . armand gesture to the vampire to back off . all obey but estelle . estelle such a darling . she menace Claudia , she breast enormous , she fang bare . armand throw she a look , and she be flung against the wall . Louis stare around . the vampire face drift towards he and away , always disclose the face of armand , who seem some distance away , but strangely close , stare at Louis with a constantly calm , hypnotic gaze . then a young mortal boy come from the shadow with a candelabra , which he hand to armand . armand and the boy come towards they , lead they along the wall , he candelabra illuminate the ghastly mural , he face gleam like a angel above the candleflame . louis monstrous . armand yes , and very beautiful . louis you lip , they do not move . armand they do , but too fast for you to see they . no magic , just grace and speed . the boy be watch Louis . armand 's hand beckon and the boy draw up to Louis in the candlelight . he place he arm on Louis ' shoulder . Louis glance at armand , who smile . Louis see the puncture mark on the boy 's neck . armand he want you ... Louis be utterly confuse . can not resist . drink he blood . the boy 's body press against he , sensual , willing . the other vampire appear all around Louis , who suddenly sense it and draw away , ashamed . Claudia watch warily , from a distance . armand beckon at she and Louis and open a door in the wall which reveal a stone staircase . int . medieval room medieval chair , table , a old coffin , a bed in one corner , a blaze fire . a medieval painting of Satan , be banish from heaven , above the fire . armand place the boy on the bed , settling he so he sleep . armand disappoint , be not it ? to come so far and find so little . jade ingenue , amusing themselves with make - believe ... louis we have fear we be the only one ... armand but how do you come into existence ? he glance at Louis , then at Claudia , who avert she eye . armand you do not want to answer ... two vampire from the new world , come to guide we into the new era as all we love slowly rot and fade away . louis be you the leader of this group ? armand if there be a leader , I would be the one . Claudia stare at he constantly , guard . louis so you have the answer ... armand ah ! you have question ? louis what be we ? armand nothing if not vampire ... louis who make we what we be ? armand surely you know the one who make you ... louis but the one who make he , who make the one who make he , the source of all this evil ... Louis look at the picture . armand watch he . armand that be a picture , nothing more . louis you mean we be not child of Satan ? armand no . he smile at Louis . a smile of infinite compassion . armand I understand . I see you in the theatre , you suffer , you sympathy for that girl . I see you with the boy . you die when you kill , you feel you deserve to die and you stint on nothing . but do that make you evil ? or , since you comprehend what you call goodness , do it not make you good ? louis then there be nothing . armand perhaps ... he pass he finger through the candle flame . armand and perhaps this be the only real evil leave ... louis then God do not exist ... armand I have not speak to he ... louis and no vampire here have discourse with God or the Devil ? armand none that I have ever know . I know nothing of God or the Devil , I have never see a vision nor learn a secret that would damn or save my soul . and as far as I know , after four hundred year I be the oldest live vampire in the world . he stare at they , he face angelic , hypnotic , young . his eye hold they both in a trance . louis my God ... so it 's as I always fear . nothing , lead to nothing . armand you fall too much . so much you make I feel ... he stare from Claudia to Louis . he seem to be read they soul . armand the one who make you should have tell you this . the one who leave the old world for the new ... louis he know nothing . he just do not care . armand knew ? you mean he be ... Claudia appear suddenly to Louis ' shoulder , interrupt . claudia come , beloved . it 's time we be on we way . I be hungry and the city wait . she stare hard at armand . armand look from she to Louis . armand so soon to go ? he seem genuinely regretful . but Claudia pull Louis out . int . darkened corridor and theatre - night Louis and Claudia feel they way through darken corridor , try to find they way out . louis ( v.o. ) the place be dark as we leave , a darkness that confound even Claudia . and as we blunder through it , again come the think : I have wronge lestat , I have hate he for the wrong reason . suddenly a light come on . they see they be in the empty theatre . santiago stand on the stage , under a candle . santiago how do you wrong he ? Louis be stunne . louis you read my thought ? santiago you say a name - louis a name I do not want to say again . santiago I seem to recognize it ... other vampire appear behind he . santiago there be but one crime among we vampire here . he look at Claudia . santiago you should know , who be so secretive about the vampire who make you . Claudia laugh . claudia boredom ! santiago it be the crime that mean death to any vampire . to kill you own kind ! claudia aaaah ! I be so afraid it be to be bear like venus out of the foam , as we be ! come Louis , let 's go ! ext . HOTEL saint gabriel - night Claudia and Louis enter the lobby . claudia I loathe they ! I can not stand the sight of they ! stupid bourgeois Parisians , all dress in black like some private club ! I have searched for they the world over and I despise they ! louis what danger ? claudia I can feel it from they ! they want to know who make we , what become of he . they have they rule , they idiotic rule ! they come to they room , enter . int . HOTEL room - night Louis close the door behind he . Claudia pace . louis do you think I would let they harm you ? claudia no , you would not , Louis . danger hold you to I . louis Love hold you to I . and we be in danger , not you . claudia Love ? she smile at he . a strange , sad , adult smile . claudia you would leave I for armand if he beckone you . louis never . claudia he want you as you want he . he 's be wait for you . he want you for a companion . he bide he time that place . he find they as dull and lifeless as we do . louis that 's not so . claudia do you know what he soul say to I without say a word ? when he put I in that trance ... louis so you feel it too ! claudia let he go , he say . let he go . she touch he face . claudia be that what I should do Louis ? let you go ? my father ? my lover ? my Louis , who make I ? there be tear in she eye . Louis lift she up in he arm . louis he can protect we , Claudia . claudia you really believe that ? ext . doll - ship - night Claudia , stare at the doll . we see madeleine inside , painting a doll . she see Claudia and smile and wave . int . theatre - night Louis , sit alone in the box , as the curtain draw back , to show santiago as death , as before . Louis take advantage of the darkness to slip away . int . armand be room - night armand open the door to Louis ' knock . armand I be wait for you ... louis listen to I . he follow armand into the room . louis Claudia be dear to I . my ... daughter . armand you lover . louis no , my beloved , my child . armand if you say so . you be innocent . louis I be not innocent . but I be afraid . she feel she 's in danger from the other . armand she be . louis but why ? armand I could give you reason . her silence . her youth . it 's forbidden to make so young , so helpless , that can not survive on its own . louis then blame the one who make she ... armand do you kill this vampire who make you both ? be that why you will not say he name ? santiago think you do . louis we want no quarrel with he . armand it 's already begin . if you want to save she , send she away . louis then I leave too . armand smile . armand so soon ? without any of that answer you so long for ? louis you say there be none . armand but you ask the wrong question . do you know how few vampire have the stamina for immortality ? how quickly they perish of they own will . louis we can do that ? armand you would never give up life . if the world be reduce to one empty cell , on fragile candle , you stay alive and study it . you see too clearly . you see too much . louis that 's what the one who make I say . armand how he must have love you . armand suddenly grip Louis close to he . armand Louis , I need you more than he ever do . I need a link with this century . the world change . we do not . therein lie the irony that ultimately kill we . I need you to make contact with this age . Louis laugh bitterly . louis he ? do not you see ? I be not the spirit of any age ! I be at odd with everything and always have be ! I be not even sure what I be ! armand smile . armand but Louis , that be the very spirit of you age . the heart of it . you fall from grace have be the fall of a century . Louis be stunne . louis and the vampire of the theatre ? armand like moth around the candle of the age . decadent , useless . they can not reflect anything . but you do . you reflect its break heart . Louis be speechless . armand be this not the answer you come for ? louis ( softly ) yes ... my God ... armand a vampire with a human soul . a immortal with a mortal 's passion . you be beautiful , my friend . lestat must have wept when he make you - louis lestat ! you know lestat ! armand yes I know he . knew he well enough not to mourn he pass . armand stand . he take Louis by the arm , lead he towards the back wall . armand but you must go now . you must get she safely out of Paris . he open a hide door in the wall . armand no- one else know of this door . when you knock you will find I wait ... ext . theatre des vampire - night Louis , in the street outside , as the door close behind he . louis ( v.o. ) I feel a kind of peace at last . I have find the teacher which lestat could never , I know now , have be . I know knowledge would never be withheld by armand . it would pass through he as through a pane of glass . and I know Claudia must leave I ... int . HOTEL suite - night Louis enter . there be unfamiliar scent in the air , a doll sit by the mirror . Louis look in the mirror and see ... madeleine the doll - maker , resplendent in green taffeta , sit like a madonna with Claudia on she lap . Claudia 's arm be wound round she neck . the contrast between mortal woman and immortal child be plain . claudia madeleine ... Louis be shy . madeleine rise and come towards Louis . she draw back the lace fringe round she throat , so he can see the two mark there . she say softly , dreamily . madeleine drink . Louis turn away . Claudia speak , icy , from the bed . claudia do it Louis . because I can not do it . I have not the strength . you see to that when you make I . Louis turn to madeleine . louis you have not the vaguest conception under God of what you ask ! madeleine au contraire , monsieur , I have . Louis push she away . Claudia scream . claudia you have find you new companion , Louis ! you will make I mine ! Louis grip madeleine and shake she . louis how do we seem to you ? do you think we beautiful , magical , we white skin , we fierce eye ? drink , you ask I ! have you any idea of the thing you will become ? claudia you evil be that you can not be evil ! and I will suffer for it no longer ! louis do not make I , Claudia ! I can not do it ! claudia yet you could do it to I ! snatch I from my mother 's hand like two monster in a fairy - tale ! could not you have wait ? six more year and I would have have that shape ! and now you weep ! you have not tear enough for what you have do to I . she point to madeleine claudia you give she to I ! do this before you leave I ! she begin to weep , sobbing like a child . claudia oh God ! I love you still , that 's the torment of it . but you know I must leave you Louis ... louis yes ... claudia and who will care for I my love , my dark angel , when you be go ? Louis look at madeleine louis you promise to care for she then ? madeleine yes ... louis and you know what you ask for ? she wrap she arm around Claudia . madeleine yes . louis what do you think she be , madeleine ? a doll ? madeleine a child who can not die ... her finger clutches a locket around she neck , Louis touch it , open it . the locket a picture of a young girl , Claudia 's age , wistful , beautiful . louis ( softly ) and the child who do die ? madeleine my daughter ... Louis take she chin in he hand , gently . louis look at the gaslight . do not take you eye off it . you will be drain to the point of death , but you must stay alive . do you hear I ? madeleine yes ! Louis pull she to he and start to drink she blood . ext . HOTEL balcony - later Louis on the balcony , weaken terribly . a breeze blow on the gauze curtain behind he , through which we see ... silhouettes of madeleine and Claudia . madeleine she arm outstretch , now a vampire , a long moan of pain come from she . Claudia come through the curtain , alarmed . claudia ( whisper ) Louis ! Louis speak without turn . louis she be die . it happen to you too , but you child 's mind can not remember . claudia but if she die ... louis it 's only mortal death . he turn to look at Claudia . louis bear I no ill will , my love . we be now even . claudia what do you mean ? louis what die tonight inside that room be not that woman . it will take she many night to die , perhaps year . what have die in that room tonight be the last vestige in I of what be human . she take he hand . claudia yes father . at last . we be een . he bend down and kiss she . he look up , at the wafting curtain . he see - many vampire shadow silhouett , come closer . claudia look up and scream . the curtain be rip aside . the vampire of the theatre surge through . estelle time for justice , little one . the vampire close on they as Louis struggle , Claudia 's scream pierce the night air . int . corridor of theatre des vampire - night in a press of vampire , Louis , Claudia and madeleine be force down the dark corridor . into - the ballroom vampire chaos , as they be drag through . Louis struggle like a demon . louis armand ! get I armand ! he would not countenance this - santiago you can make no demand here ! buffoon ! bastard - santiago strike Louis to the ground . as he struggle to he foot , he see the vampire part around a figure come through . he gasp at the sight of - lestat dress beautifully , but horribly scar now , from the fire as well as the earlier stabbing . lestat be confuse , ancient , teeter , reach for santiago 's shoulder to steady himself . lestat Louis ... santiago be he the one ? lestat shake he head . lestat no , the child . the child be the one ... santiago all the murderer !!! louis you be alive , lestat ! it can not be murder ! tell they how you treat we ... lestat reach out to Louis . lestat no ... you come back to I Louis ... louis be you mad ??? estelle the sentence be death ! to all of they !!! lestat only the girl - it be the girl - the sound of something be drag through the crowd . horrible echoing , scraping - lestat grip santiago . lestat you promise I - I could take he back to New Orleans - Louis - there 's something I must tell you - about that night - that night I meet you - he stare around he , confuse . the scraping get louder . louis you let she go , lestat - you let she free - and I will come back with you - santiago grab Louis by the neck . santiago death for the other . for you eternity in a box - we see now what cause the scraping . a huge metal coffin be drag through the vampire . Claudia scream . santiago wall in a dungeon . you only company will be you scream ... perhaps it will take century ... the vampire grab Louis . they force he towards the coffin . lestat struggle with they . lestat he 's come home with I - you promise - santiago ( laugh ) we promise nothing ! Louis struggle fiercely as he be force into the coffin . Claudia weep . louis they have fool you , lestat ! you must reach armand ! armand have the power ! Louis , struggle in the coffin . then the lid be force down , huge lock close over it . int . coffin Louis , in the smallest imaginable space . beating he forehead against the metal . ext . coffin Claudia , throw herself on the coffin , cry . she be drag away . vampire hand drag the coffin across the stone floor . int . coffin Louis , forehead pour with blood , be throw this way and that . the coffin be lift , upside down , Louis ' head crash off the floor . ext . coffin be thrust into a niche in the wall . brick be place over , mortar trowelled on . int . coffin Louis upside down . sound of brick and mortar . then terrifying , unearthly scream pierce the coffin , strike to he very soul . louis Claudia !!! he lose consciousness . blackness int . coffin Louis sleep , upside down . sound of brick be break , throw aside . then of lock break . Louis open he eye . the lid open . he see - armand above he , reach down to take he hand . armand hurry . do not make a sound . Louis get out , into a vast long catacomb . Louis run to the end of it , step through a break brick wall . louis where be she ? where 's Claudia ? armand follow I - that way - through my cell - he point to he cell at the end of the passage , the foot of the step . sound of rain beyond the door . louis not without Claudia . where be she ? armand I can not save she . louis you can not believe I would leave without she . armand ! you must save she ! you have no choice . armand Louis , I can not save she . I will only risk lose you - Louis run up the stone stair . it lead to the ballroom . he enter . estelle stand far off , look at he coolly . she lift the stage skull mask and laugh softly behind it . a male vampire slump in a chair stare softly at Louis . silence . indifference . Louis see lestat sit in a far corner . he rush up to lestat , who look up at he , confuse . he 's hold something crumpled , make of cloth . lestat you will come home with I Louis ? for a little while ... until I be myself again . louis claudia !!! Louis turn round and round in rage . passive still face . a door bang open and shut . Louis look again at lestat . he snatch the cloth from lestat 's hand . we see it be a small tear bloodstain dress . Claudia 's dress . the door bang again . estelle laugh . rain gust into the ballroom . Louis go to the door , hold the dress . armand approach , try to pull he away , but Louis shrug he off . he draw nearer and nearer and stair at - int . brick airwell on the stone lie Claudia and madeleine , burn to ash , in each other 's arm , like the corpse of he wife and daughter in the New Orleans graveyard , embrace each other . only Claudia 's blond hair and madeleine 's red hair remain unburnt . Louis look up at the wall of this airwell , many storey to the sky . he cry out in agony . santiago appear behind he , stare . Louis roar in horror and attack santiago , scatter the ash into the rainy wind . Claudia 's golden lock fly up into the wind , they whirl around the warring figure . armand appear , drag Louis free , pull he scream from the airwell , into the ballroom , towards the exit . Claudia 's hair be suck up by the wind through the airwell , towards the night sky . ext . notre dame door - night Louis be slump against the stone wall . armand stand beside he like a guardian angel . armand I could not prevent it . louis I do not believe you . I do not have to read you soul to know that you lie . armand Louis , they can not be bring back . there be some thing that be impossible , even for I . louis you let they do it . Louis climb to he foot . louis you hold sway over they . they fear you . you want it to happen . armand Louis , I swear I do not . louis I understand you only too well . you let they do it , as I let lestat turn a child into a demon . as I let she rip lestat 's heart to piece ! well I be no longer that passive fool that have spun evil from evil till the web trap the one who make it . you melancholy spirit of this century ! I know what I must do . and I warn you - you save I tonight , so I return the favor - do not go near you cell in the theatre Des vampire again . ext . theatre des vampire - dawn wet and desert , the street around the theatre be quiet . closeup - clock chime five a.m . close on louis look at the pale sky . he be in a alleyway , outside of armand 's cell . he have a huge keg with he . he find the door unlock . he enter . int . cell empty . the hearth be cold . the old coffin be go . Louis silently close the door to the passage and block it with a immense bar . he go in the other door . int . theatre Louis hurl kerosene all over the stage , the curtain , the set , the seat below . he grab the scythe from the playlet . he walk out . dribble a trail of kerosene behind he . int . stair Louis walk rapidly down , leave the trail of kerosene . he creep quietly into the - ballroom leak kerosene from the cask . he splashes over the coffin that gleam in the dimness . then he strike a match and heave it into the kerosene . everything burst into flame . the trail of kerosene roar into fire through the ballroom over the coffin and up the stair . we hear explosion of fire from above . louis shudder all over , fight the morning weakness . he ready the scythe , like the grim reaper . estelle rise from she burn coffin , scream and try to run through the fire but Louis slashes she down with the scythe and she go down scream , she dress in flame . estelle stop he . it 's morning . the sunlight . stop he . other rise , choke in the smoke . scream from everywhere . they be burn . Louis back up the stair to the - dungeon he can see there a thin pale light under armand 's bolt door . suddenly - santiago come at he from behind . Louis turn . santiago rush he in a blur . Louis swing the scythe , too fast to see what he himself be do . santiago 's head stream blood fly through the air . the body drop , flap its arm . scream come from everywhere . another vampire rush burn towards Louis . he decapitate he in turn . then he stagger into armand 's cell , and bar the door the connect it to the ballroom behind he . he stagger to the outer door . there be a thin strip of daylight , beneath the door , blind he . he throw it open , and stagger into the daylight . ext . theatre des vampire - dawn Louis stagger out of the burn theatre , into the thin daylight . great gust of smoke cover the street . he stagger through the daylight , weaken , about to fall , when through the cloud of smoke come - a magnificent hearse as in a dream , drive by armand 's human boy . the door of the hearse open . through the curtain enclose the interior , we see armand . he reach a hand out to Louis and pull he inside . the hearse vanish through the smoke , leave the spectacle of the burn theatre . ext . theatre des vampire - twilight the gut theatre and ballroom , the roof collapse , expose to the evening sky . the life of Paris go on around it , oblivious . int . louvre - night later it be already a museum by this time and Louis and armand , fancily dress and compose , walk through it . they stop by a gericault - the wreck of the Medusa . louis you do not even warm they , do you ? armand no . louis and yet you know what I would do . armand I know . I rescue you , do not I ? from the terrible dawn . louis you be they leader . they trust you . armand you make I see they failing , Louis . you make I look at they with you eye . he look at Louis affectionately . armand you melancholy eye ... louis what a pair we be . we deserve each other , do not we ? armand we be a pair , and that 's what count . armand and Louis walk slowly through the Louvre together . camera follow they for a while , then come to rest on a sunrise by Turner . louis ( v.o. ) we leave Paris shortly after . for year we wander . Greece , Egypt , all the ancient land . then , out of curiosity , perhaps , boredom , who know what , I take he home , to my America ... int . movie theatre - night a deco cinema of the twenty . Louis and armand , dress in the style of the period walk down the aisle through the crowded seat . louis ( v.o. ) and there , a technological wonder allow I see sunrise , for the first time in two hundred year ... on the screen , murnau 's " sunrise " , in black and white . we see a montage of sunrise , from a whole range of movie , in black and white . louis ( v.o. ) and what sunrise ! see as the human eye could never see they . we would sit in the dark , night after night among nameless human , entrance with the miracle of light . Silver at first , then as the year progress in tone of purple , red and my long - lose blue ... the sunrise continue , in color now , and the background in they change to the fifty . louis ( v.o. ) and in time parte . we have become so alike , we both want the certainty of loneliness once more . the light come up in a different theatre . Louis sit there , alone , in a half empty theatre , dress in the clothes of the fifty . he rise , exit with the other . ext . new orlean STREET - night Cars rush by , twentieth - century madness . Louis emerge from the theatre , walk through the street . louis ( v.o. ) I have return to new Orleans . as soon as I smelt the air , I know I be home . there be sadness there , rich , almost sweet , like the fragrance of jasmine . I walk the street , savore it like a long lose perfume ... ext . garden district - night Louis walk past the many Greek revival mansion . louis ( v.o. ) and then on prytania Street , only block from the Lafayette cemetery I catch the scent of death and it be not come from the grave ... camera pan over white - wall Lafayette cemetery and its surround mansion . louis ( v.o. ) the scent grow stronger as I walk . Old death . a scent too faint for mortal to detect . Louis see rat darting across the street . they rush into a great overgrown garden surround a ruin mansion . no light . Louis stop at a rusted gate . he force it open and enter - a veritable jungle of overgrown rise and oak tree and wisteria . he see a faint glimmer of light come from a distant glass window of a huge Greek revival house . he approach then he see - old shrivelled corpse of a man , long dead and dry up , snag in the thorny rosevine . louis look around . walk on . see another corpse , almost nothing but bone , sink into the wet earth , the root of a oak overgrow it . he look up at the distant light . he pass a third corpse , catch in wisteria and rise vine , only bone and clothes . louis ( v.o. ) they be like the doom princess catch in the thorny vine of sleep beauty 's castle . I know what it mean . a vampire have lure they here , but have be to weak to get rid of they . Louis see dead rat lie near the step . louis ( v.o. ) it spelt weakness , madness , the behavior of a die animal that pollute its own lair . Louis tread carefully on the rotted step . he move along the porch . more dead rat . he see through the floor- length window into room line with stack book . virtually wall with they . Water seep down from the ceiling , gleam as it streak over the book . the floor of the splendid room be bare , except for a rotten french chair by a dead fireplace . a single mirror reflect the moon . Dead rat . he move along the porch to the parlor window . the candle flicker inside . he see - he Pov lestat lie on the floor . he be gaunt to near starvation . all he scar be go , but he be almost a skeleton and he eye be enormous in they socket . his clothes be rag . blond hair beautiful , as always . malloy' entrance face superimposed over malloy ( v.o. ) lestat escape the fire ! louis ( v.o. ) he have not even be there . and all that year I think he be dead . back to lestat one tiny candle stand beside he . he read a early comic , from the turn of the century . without turn he head , he speak . lestat I be so glad you be here Louis ... I have dream of you come ... louis do not try to speak ... it 's alright ... lestat I do not mean to let they do it ... that santiago , he trick I ... louis that 's all past , lestat . lestat yes. past ... she should never have be one of we ... he turn and look at Louis . Old , fearful , break . lestat still beautiful Louis . you always be the strong one . louis do not fear I , lestat . I bring you no harm . lestat you have come back to I , Louis ? you have come again to I ? Louis shake he head . a series of police siren go by , pierce the night sky . a helicopter go overhead . Red flash illuminate he face . lestat shiver , cover he ear . he 's terrify . Louis touch he , calming he , until the light pass over . louis it 's only a siren ... lestat I can not bear it Louis ! the machine out there , that fly and that roar ! and such light ! they make the night brighter than the day ! louis and they frighten you ? lestat you know I love the dark . but there 's no dark anymore . louis it 's false light , lestat . it can not harm you ... lestat if you stay with I Louis , I could venture out ... little by little ... become the old lestat . Louis shiver . he release he . louis I have to go now lestat ... lestat you remember how I be , Louis .. the vampire lestat ... louis yes . I remember ... lestat shiver . lestat I try to tell you Louis ... that night in Paris ... when I first come to you ... no - one can refuse the dark gift , Louis ... not even you . louis I try ... lestat and the more you try , the more I want you ... a vampire with you beautiful , suffer human heart . and how you suffer ... I need you forgiveness , Louis . louis you have it ... Louis walk slowly away from he . lestat turn back to he candle , he magazine . lestat you will come back , Louis ... take I out ... little by little ... and maybe I will be myself again ... a bluebottle buzze by he . his hand shoot out and grab it , squeeze the blood . louis ( whisper ) yes , lestat ... on louis as he walk through the decaye house . his eye be expressionless . louis ( v.o. ) and my story end there . but in fact it end a long time ago , with Claudia 's ash in that theatre . my love die with she . I never really change after that . what become of lestat I have no idea . I go on , night after night . I feed on that who cross my path . but all my passion go with she yellow hair . I mar a spirit with preternatural flesh . detach . unchangeable . empty . int . room . san francisco - night ( present ) malloy , stare at Louis . malloy no ... it can not end like that ... louis but it have . there be no more to tell . malloy but you talk about passion , about long , about thing I will never know in my life ! it 's still inside you , in every syllable you speak ! and then you tell I it end like that ? just empty ? louis it 's over , I be tell you ... malloy you need a new passion , Louis , a new reason to feel ... what a story you have tell , you do not understand yourself . Louis look at the cassettes on the table . louis do what you want with it . learn what you can . give the story to other . malloy rise . malloy you have another chance , Louis . take I ! give I you gift , you power ... Louis be slowly horrify , then outrage and angry . louis be this what you want ? you ask I for this after all I have tell you ? malloy if I could see what you have see , feel what you have feel I would not let it end like this ! you need a like to the world out there , a connection ... then it will not end like this ... he stare at Louis . malloy you need I . Louis turn away . louis dear God . I have fail again , have not I ? malloy no ... louis do not say anymore . the reel be still turn . I have but one chance to show you the meaning of what I have say . he look at the boy . then suddenly grab he , lift he off the floor , bare he terrifying fang and bring they to he throat . malloy scream , in involuntary terror . louis you like it ? you like be food for the immortal ? you like die ? be it beautiful ? be it intense ? malloy , now terrify , whisper malloy no ... please ... Louis drop he . louis thank God . malloy , fall on the floor , terrify . when he look up , Louis have vanish . malloy Louis ... Louis ... he look up at the tape . it be still turn . malloy Holy shit ... he shake he head . he get up , and with shaking finger gather he tape . he run out of the room . ext . STREET outside - night malloy run for he car , a convertible . he leap in and screech off through the night . ext . street - night malloy whip the car through the tiny street , in sheer , unfocus terror . malloy Jesus ... ext . golden gate bridge - night malloy drive with stream of traffic over the bridge . he breathes deeply , to calm himself . he take a tape from he pocket , and with still shaking hand , stick it in the deck . louis ( v.o. ) ( tape ) 1791 . that 's when it happen . I be twenty - four . younger then you be now . suddenly a bony hand shoot out from the back seat , pull he neck backwards - lestat sink he tooth in he neck . malloy' hand on the wheel , shaking , shudder , lose they grip . malloy' eye bulg , as the life drain out of he . lestat suck he like a rat . the wheel swing free of malloy 's die hand . the car veer wildly into oncoming traffic . lestat drink regardless . a truck come towards they , about to crush the car . lestat' bony hand grab the wheel , jerk it as he drink . the car miss the truck by inch . lestat throw malloy to one side , climb into the front seat . the tape be play . louis ( v.o. ) ( tape ) my invitation be open to anyone . sailor , whore , thief . but it be a vampire that accept ... on lestat at the wheel , the corpse of malloy in the passenger seat . he smile . we can see the blood renewing he . lestat dear Louis ... will I ever forget ? ext . golden gate bridge - night lestat drive on , the car a tiny speck against the bridge , the sea , the sky beyond , with the first finger of light spread through it . fade out the end