intelligence Pilot by Michael seitzman base on the novel " the dissident " by John dixon Network draft 4 January 28 , 2013 ©2012 , ABC studios . all rights reserve . this material be the exclusive property of ABC studios and be intend solely for the use of its personnel . distribution to unauthorize person or reproduction , in whole or in part , without the write consent of ABC studios be strictly prohibit . teaser ext . ocean - night 1 Middle of the ocean . Water calm , not a boat in sight . except a junky old motor yacht . ext . motor yacht - same 2 the man on the bridge , piloting the yacht , be gabriel black , 35 , athletic , handsome , sharp eye and a capable demeanor . he cut the engine and a plume of black diesel smoke envelope he for a moment and then disappear in the wind . he climb down the ladder and walk easily along the narrow gunnel on the side of the boat , to the broad bow deck . he stand in the center , the boat bob gently on the soft wave , and stare up at the star , looking for something . after a moment , he head tilt quickly and sharply , as if strike by something . then he stare straight ahead , almost trance - like , and we smashcut to : int . lobby , taj mahal HOTEL , mumbai - day ( cyber -rendering ) 3 camera glide through a moment frozen in time - a three dimensional snapshot of the 2008 Mumbai attack . body be strewn across the floor , masked gunmen point automatic weapon , a woman squat in a corner , hold she ear in mid - scream , a window have just shattered , glass frozen in AIR . [ this '' cyber-rendering '' will be explain , but to see a visual example of what we be imagine please click here . ] camera continue to glide past this still image , until ... a quick glance at a mirror and we see movement . it 's Gabriel , the only figure move through the eerie and surreal scene . he 's search for something - someone . as he walk , something else begin to happen . the wall deconstruct and in they place we see a data stream - photo , newspaper headline , tv talking head , surveillance photo - all related to the Mumbai attack . close on gabriel 's mouth as he whisper ... gabriel Amelia , where be you ? pull back from he lip and we’re ... intelligence_seitzman_ Network draft 4_012813 2 ext . motor yacht - night 4 Gabriel stand on the bow of the boat . gabriel Pov - the 3d environment of the taj mahal HOTEL lobby surround he , semi-translucent . he 's somehow create a virtual space , out here in the middle of the ocean . Beyond the virtual image , Gabriel also spot a approach vessel on the horizon . gabriel not yet ... I have not find she . int . lobby , taj mahal HOTEL , mumbai - day ( cyber-rendering ) 5 Gabriel continue to move through the macabre scene and spot the woman he 's look for .. gabriel no ... Amelia , no . he approach the freeze figure of amelia haytes , a strike , beautiful , caucasian woman , 30 , blue backpack sling over one shoulder , a automatic rifle in she hand , angrily point it at a group of hostage . stand next to she be another gunman , the flame from he gun barrel suspend in mid-burst . as Gabriel approach they , we see a rapid data stream in Gabriel 's Pov - the man' name , country of origin - pakistan - and he INTERNATIONAL rap sheet . Gabriel turn back to Amelia and a similar data stream flash various image , a CIA id , and she name . gabriel ( cont 'd ) how could you ... we hear a loud voice of someone speak over a PA , in hindi . amplified voice ( 0.s. ) ( subtitle ) attention , this be the indian Coast Guard , prepare to be board ! close on Gabriel , as he turn toward the voice , the entire hotel lobby fall away , revealing that we be back on ... ext . motor yacht - night 6 a large indian coast guard vessel loom just thirty meter off the port bow . Gabriel , very calmly , hold he hand up in surrender . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 3 int . interrogation room , indian coast guard cutter - night 7 Gabriel be be question by a indian Intelligence Officer name badri adani . badri adani you be in indian water , on a rent boat , with no papers , no passport . Gabriel do not respond . badri adani ( cont 'd ) what be you do twenty mile off shore all by yourself ? Gabriel glance up at the camera point at he from above . switch to camera Pov of Gabriel stare at we . ext . corridor , interrogation room - same 8 outside the door , a similar camera be aim down the corridor . camera Pov : a female officer approach , carry a cup of coffee . she type in a series of number on the electric door lock . int . interrogation room - same 9 Gabriel look at the door as the final electronic beep of the door combination signal the click of the door open . the female officer enter and hand adani he coffee . female officer ( Hindi , subtitle ) we be pull into port now . adani smile at she , which Gabriel notice , and she leave . adani take a sip of he coffee and continue ... badri adani at eighteen hundred hour , we be alert to a level one sigint breach on a highly protect military geosync satellite . we source the signal to you vessel , yet we do not find any communication equipment on board , let alone with the processing power to break through a helio-encrypted fire wall . can you explain that ? intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 4 10 11 gabriel you know , she do not like the attention you give she . badri adani what be you talk about ? gabriel that officer . abhilasha . she 's marry and you make she uncomfortable . badri adani how do you know she name ? gabriel in fact , she 's afraid of you . why be that , badri ? badri adani I have not tell you my first name . Gabriel look at the surveillance camera again . camera 's Pov - looking back at gabriel . he 's look back at himself , through the camera . CUT to : int . corridor , interrogation room - same 10 camera Pov of the hallway . empty . int . interrogation room - same 11 badri adani how do you know who I be ? who be you ? Gabriel look at the door and the lock start dialing . adani follow Gabriel 's gaze to the door as it click , but do not open . he walk to the door and open it , find no one outside . he suddenly realize something ... badri adani ( cont 'd ) do you just do that ? he turn back to Gabriel , but the chair be empty -- slam , adani crash against the wall and the last thing he see be Gabriel 's foot run up the corridor . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 5 12 13 14 15 int . corridor , indian coast guard cutter - same 12 alarm blare as Gabriel run down another corridor . he reach a ladder and climb it quickly , just as a indian sailor come run toward he . he turn behind he and two more be come from that direction . he run toward the single sailor . the sailor strike , but Gabriel parry the blow , he other fist snap like gun hammer into the man 's throat . the sailor stagger backward , gasp , as Gabriel head toward a ladder . ext . deck , indian coast guard cutter - continuous 13 the dock of the port pass by on either side as Gabriel emerge onto the deck and run . sailor shout behind he . one appear in he path with a automatic rifle . Gabriel drop behind a turret , a barrage of bullet fly past he and ricochete off the steel of the vessel . the gun continue fire from over Gabriel 's shoulder , while twenty sailor come at he from two other direction . among they be a bleed and angry adani , pistol in hand . Gabriel do not hesitate , run in the only direction available to he - the edge of the deck and the water below . bullet swarm as he dive and splashes into the water of the harbour . adani and the other officer run to the edge of the boat and look down into the murky darkness and see nothing . ext . farm road - day 14 a cow lazily lumber along the side of the road , chew the tall grass , as a black suv zoom by . ext . pasture - day 15 the black suv leave a dust trail behind it as it snake up higher and higher up the hillside . it finally barrel up over the rise , give we a view of ... a heavily fortified complex in the middle of Virginia farm country . the compound be comprise of a dozen building , a large array of radar dish spread out across a green pasture , all surround by military vehicle and soldier with dog circle the perimeter barb - wire fence . on screen : U.S. cyber command - angel' bluff , virginia . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 6 16 ext . gate , US cyber command - same 16 mirror slide under the vehicle , while a military sergeant flip through paperwork . he take two id from the driver and knock on the back window . it open , revealing riley o’neil . he check she face against the id . sergeant riley o’neil ? you driver know where to take you . there be no wander inside or outside the facility . no photography , audio recording , cell phone , or portable computing of any kind . you be not to ask any question or speak to any employee , except for Ms. strand . any violation of this rule can result in you immediate arrest . do you understand everything I have just say ? riley yes , sergeant . before she can say anything else , he step away and signal to someone to raise the gate . the gate in front of the suv swing up and the driver pull slowly through . on each side of the gate be soldier , m - 16 sling over they shoulder . 17 int . lobby , US cyber command - day 17 the sound of riley 's footstep and that of she driver echo down the empty hallway , approach another guard desk . the double door behind the desk open and a woman step out . she 's lillian strand , 50 . lillian have strong , attractive feature , pierce eye , conservative suit , and a all - business demeanor . riley pleasure to finally meet you , Ms. strand . I have hear a lot ab ... lillian this way , please . the driver stay behind , as riley follow lillian back through the double door and into : 18 int . cybercom laboratories - continuous 18 it 's a sprawling collection of lab station , populate by hundred of men and women in white coat . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 7 they pass a section where a woman wear a exoskeleton run on a treadmill at 40 mph , as technician monitor she . lillian I understand you have question . riley I be order to go through month of testing and vetting and nobody will even tell I what the job be . lillian that 's because the position itself be classify code Word . riley expect lillian to tell she about the job , but lillian just keep walk . they pass a lab station where a man with eeg sensor on he head sit quietly read the newspaper . as he do , the word of the article he 's read appear one by one on the monitor on the wall . riley what 's he do ? lillian Word mapping . ever word have a corresponding brain signal . we be translate they in real time . riley be that even possible ? lillian what do you know about cybercom ? riley I know you be responsible for cyber security for the government . lillian cybercom 's purview include the development of genetics , robotics , artificial intelligence and nanotechnology , as well as data mining , deepnet salvage , cryptanlysis , and protection of the Global information grid . and then there 's clockwork . riley clockwork ? two armed soldier open a set of double door for they . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 8 19 int . corridor , cybercom - continuous 19 they walk down a long corridor toward another set of door . lillian last year , 60 Minutes first aire a story about a quadriplegic who could operate a robotic arm with she mind . the microchip attach to she brain be create right here . but clockwork take it further than we could ever imagine . they reach the door at the other end of the hallway . a small sign say , '' clockwork . '' two more armed guard open the door . 20 int . hallway , clockwork laboratory - same 20 they enter a walkway surround the glass wall of a round room - the lab . a few technician work on equipment surround a examination table , on which lie a man , the top of he head face we , so we can not see he just yet . lillian once we start translate the brain 's signal - phase syncrony , neural integration , proteomics - we realize we could facilitate a direct neural interface that could access the entire electromagnetic spectrum - telephone , internet , radio , satellite ... riley be you say you put a computer in a man 's brain ? lillian I be say we create a man who be the first of he kind . a advanced intelligence agent . now we see the man on the table . it 's Gabriel . his eye be close , as a technician work a computer next to he . lillian ( cont 'd ) we build a agency complex around he - analyst , tack team , field op . when a situation rise to a certain level of national security , the director of National Intelligence bring we in . ( more ) intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 lillian ( cont 'd ) Gabriel 's be active for six month and since then , we have enjoy a 85 % success rate . include in that success be the thwart of the Super bowl bomber . riley I think that be CIA ? lillian you have not be clear to think anything different . lillian open the door and lead riley into ... 21 int . clockwork lab - continuous lillian and riley enter . riley what be they do to he ? the technician , amos pembroke ( 29 ) , look up . that he can answer . amos stuxnet two eradication . riley stuxnet ? the computer virus ? he look at lillian . she nod again . amos virus ? please . stuxnet be the world 's first weaponize cyber worm , a digital cruise missile . we take out Iran 's nuke program first , and now North Korea . boo-yah . ( beat ) of course , the only way to plant it in a isolate , bunkerize system , four storey underground , be for Gabriel to carry it himself ... ( point to Gabriel 's head ) which be why we be make sure none of the code burrow in . riley be he under anaesthesia ? lillian nod intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 10 gabriel he wish . ( open he eye ) riley . you have change you hair color . riley I be sorry , have we meet ? now we see riley from gabriel be Pov . a facial recognition program draw line around she face , measure distance between eye , etc. , as data stream , include flash of text and photo - be on each side of the screen . gabriel no , but wow . riley what do that mean ? gabriel that nude photo you send to you boyfriend in college . and they be yours . Nice . riley Excuse I ? riley look at lillian , who be not amused . gabriel gotta be careful when you send picture out there . it 's call digital permanence , right amo ? amos do not worry , he can not print . by the way , I be amo pembroke , Gabriel 's pri-tech . riley pri-tech ? amos primary technician . gabriel nobody around here use more syllable than they have to . you 'il fit right in . riley do you just call I stupid ? intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 1 gabriel ten-sixty on you sat ? riley I be a bad test taker . who the hell do you think you be ? gabriel whoa , I just find a seal juvenile record ? lillian Gabriel , do not open that file . gabriel what 's in it ? shoplift ? ( hand up in surrender ) Fine . but tell I , how do the daughter of a surgeon and a chemist become a secret service agent ? in gabriel Pov we flash to various image in rapid fire , family photo , newspaper clipping , facebook page . finally , a quick shot of President obama get into a limo , riley close the limo door , a earpiece in she ear . gabriel ( cont 'd ) youngest woman ever assign to presidential detail . that 's the beginning of a storey career . and now what ? follow around a charming devil with a chip in he brain ? riley impressive . almost every word of that be accurate . gabriel almost ? which word do I get wrong ? riley charm . amo stifles a laugh . Gabriel shoot he a look . lillian be suddenly very satisfied with she choice in riley . riley ( cont 'd ) ( to lillian ) you should find someone else . riley walk out . lillian glare at Gabriel . lillian Nice try . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 12 22 int . hallway , clockwork laboratory - continuous 22 riley walk down the hall . lillian step out of the lab , calmly watch she . a moment later , riley open the door and a alarm sound and the armed guard appear . riley turn back to lillian , gesture to the guard to stand down . one of they type a code into a wall keypad , the alarm stop . the door close again , leave riley and lillian in the empty hallway . lillian we look at the best agent from every discipline . of the top twenty , you be the only one we bring here . riley I be a secret service agent . what could you possibly want I for ? lillian in that room be the most valuable piece of technology this country 's ever produce . what do I want you for ? you be go to protect it for we . off riley 's look ... end teaser intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 13 23 24 act one ext . dr . william crispin 's home , chesapeake BAY - night 23 a secluded home in the thick wood of the chesapeake Bay . int . kitchen , dr . william crispin 's home - night 24 stand at the sink , hand wash the dish , dr . william crispin , 70 , talk out loud . nobody else be in the room . be he insane ? crispin Albert , when I be at NASA in ' 69 , we send a astronaut to the moon . a cell phone today have a million time more computer power than we put on that spacecraft . Technology be not revolutionary . it 's evolutionary . oh , that 's good . I like that . crispin open the refrigerator , take out a carton of milk and pour a glass for himself and then pour a bowl for the cat who just land on the kitchen counter . then , a SOUND . crispin ( cont 'd ) sound like we raccoon be back . crispin walk to the large window . he can not see anything outside , only he reflection in the window . he turn off the light , the outdoors now materialize in the relative darkness . crispin ( cont 'd ) think I 'il keep you inside tonight . the cat shriek . crispin quickly turn on a light , revealing ... a masked man with a gun . the cat run , knock the glass of milk and a stack of papers to the floor . the glass shatter , shard of glass and a fall voice recorder scatter under the refrigerator . crispin ( cont 'd ) please ! take whatever you want ! the gunman speak quietly , with a chinese accent . masked man # 1 I think we will . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 14 he say something in chinese and a second masked man appear behind crispin , hold a gun to he head . 25 ext . US cyber command , angel be bluff - day establish the compound . 26 int . cdoc , cybercom - same 25 26 a gleam , high tech command center call cdoc ( pronounce see-dock ) , which stand for cyber Defense Operations Center . wall of monitor , work station , lot of personnel . riley stand against the wall drink a cup of coffee . look up a set of steel stair , at the large window of office overlook cdoc . lillian 's office . 27 int . lillian 's office - same lillian sit behind she desk argue with Gabriel . lillian what do you think be go to happen after India ? that 's the third time you go off - book and almost burn clockwork to a foreign government . and all for intel you already have . gabriel the indian dia file make no mention of Amelia 's death . lillian but they do identify she as one of the attacker . gabriel that do not mean she turn . CIA have she deep black for two year . for all we know , she be still dark . lillian maybe , maybe not . but thirty - three body incinerate in the fire in Mumbai , and she never report in or show up on the grid again . gabriel and that 's evidence ? she a 27 intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 15 lillian if I go to bed at night and there 's no snow on the ground and in the morning I be shoveling , it snow . ( beat ) Gabriel , I be not go to let you bang and burn you own agency in pursuit of this fairy tale you be cling to . whatever become of Amelia , she 's go . I be sorry , but it 's time to move on . gabriel and this secret service agent ? that 's how we be move on ? lillian that 's how I be protect my investment . gabriel what be she , then ? body guard , babysitter , chaperone ? lillian all of the above . her primary job be to keep you alive . gabriel that girl ? lillian that girl 's great advocate say she personally thwart the most elaborate assassination attempt on the president since 9/11 . gabriel and who 's this advocate ? lillian the president . lillian 's phone buzze . she pick it up . lillian ( phone ) ( cont 'd ) yes , Elizabeth . what do you mean , he 's here now ? be this on the calendar ? well , send he in . ( hang up ) unschedule visit from the director of National Intelligence . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 16 the door open and a secretary let in dni oliver russell , 50 , and deputy dni tom latham . lillian ( cont 'd ) Oliver , Tom . what do we have ? dni oliver russell I be sorry for the surprise , but I do not want to use a phone . ( notice Gabriel ) Gabriel . good . glad you be here . everybody sit down . Tom ? deputy dni tom latham kidnap . High value , low profile . lillian you be both here , so what kind of value be we talk about ? Red ? dni oliver russel I have say so . and he 's one of yours . Dr. William crispin . lillian sit back in she chair . Gabriel exhales . 28 int . conference room , cybercom - day 28 a surveillance video play . image be grainy , obscure , shot through the tree of crispin 's home . two mask gunman drag crispin out of the house to a wait white van . lillian address the room of a dozen of she people . lillian until he resign last year , Dr. William crispin be we top neuroscientist and lead member of the clockwork team . everyone take that in . Gabriel , riley , and amo . also here be CHRIS jameson , by-the-book investigator , and he partner , gonzalo '' gonzo '' sanchez , scrappy , muscular latino . jameson where 's this video from ? amos a EPA camera- trap intend to monitor the chesapeake dwarf bat . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 17 gonzo have it be scrubbed ? amos as we speak . mask will make it hard for facial rec . Gabriel ? gabriel nothing . amos see ? and no audio . gonzo what about the van 's plate ? amos we be try to dig out a partial . jameson do they get he computer ? lillian FBI sweep . no computer find . amos his computer be not a concern . I create the encryption protocol . twenty -forty bit. impregnable . gabriel unless they torture he for he password . everyone turn to Gabriel . he 's right , of course . jameson do we know what 's on that computer ? lillian no. jameson if they get in , they could learn about Gabriel . gonzo he could be a target already . gabriel then it 's good we have riley to protect I . everyone turn to see the woman he 's refer to . riley . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 18 lillian everybody , meet riley o'neil . introduce yourselves later . ( all business ) listen up . this one be not like any kidnap we have handle before . the clock always tick on the victim . this time it tick on we , too . with that , everyone be on they foot . riley , though , follow lillian out the door . 29 int . cdoc , cybercom - continuous 29 riley catch up with lillian , who do not stop . they continue walk across cdoc and down a long hallway . riley Ms. strand . I hope you find Dr. crispin , but I put in a call to ... lillian you asac . yes , I know . riley I be sorry . I be not a bodyguard . when the President have a event , I have already do ninety percent of my work . I can walk through a hotel lobby blindfolded and know how many step it be to every exit . I have hundred of support asset , ambulance , a helicopter on the pad , and two F - 22 stand by . we do not make ptz stop unless it 's absolutely necessary . you want I to ride with a belligerent protectee , with no asset , and everywhere we go be a potential threat zone ? I can not do that . lillian that 's not you problem . you problem be that you think protect the president be more important than this . riley because , respectfully , it be more important than this . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 19 lillian we get very lucky with Gabriel . when we be look for a candidate , the criterion be not just to find someone capable . we need to thread a very rare genetic needle . let I tell you something about he . when he be a seal he be alternately shot , cut up , torture , burn and freeze alive . none of it stop he . he volunteer for five tour in Iraq and Afghanistan . five . that 's a hero in there . riley I be sure he be . but ... lillian we be in the middle of a technological arm race , unlike anything we have see since the Soviet nuke . now , if you know that every nation on earth be try to steal we nuclear arsenal , would that be important to you ? riley yes , obviously , but ... lillian what do you know about echelon ? riley it 's a system that develop threat assessment by monitoring electronic communication . lillian stop and turn to she . lillian echelon be a hunter . echelon can find its prey in a jungle so dense that sunlight can not breach the canopy . echelon be the most fearsome weapon in human history . ( off she look ) riley , Gabriel be echelon . and protect he be the most important thing you will ever do . lillian let that sink in . and it do . lillian put a unexpected hand on riley 's shoulder , then keep walk , leave she stand alone . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 20 30 int . gabriel 's car - day 30 riley drive . Gabriel watch she , but she do not look back . gabriel so , what 's in that seal file of yours ? riley I be surprised you do not read it already . gabriel what be I , a animal ? ( beat ) be it drug ? she look at he , then back at the road . she 's not play . gabriel ( cont 'd ) do you hold up a liquor store ? ( still no answer ) come on , I think this be the part where we share and bond . riley seem more like the part where I find out how much of a pain in the ass you be . gabriel wait a sec ... Gabriel 's head tilt sharply -- something be happen . riley what 's happen ? be you okay ? should I pull over ? gabriel hold on ... riley Gabriel ? gabriel the kidnapper be chinese . riley Excuse I ? gabriel there 's a audio recording of the kidnap . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 21 31 riley what do you mean ? why do not you mention that at the briefing ? gabriel because I do not know it until thirty second ago . riley turn the car up the dirty driveway of crispin 's house . gonzo and jameson wave from a front lawn cover with crime scene tape and forensic team . int . dr . crispin 's house - same 31 the audio recorder sit on the table , play the recording of the kidnap . crispin ( recording ) Albert , when I be at NASA in ' 69 , we send a astronaut to the moon . a cell phone today have a million time more computer power than we put on that space craft . pull back - Gabriel and riley , jameson and gonzo stand around the table listen . jameson who 's Albert ? gonzo point to the cat 's bowl that say albert on it . riley ( to Gabriel ) how do you know ? gabriel bluetooth . once I be in range ... jameson shhh . crispin ( recording ) Technology be not revolutionary . it 's evolutionary . on the recording we hear albert shriek , glass shatter ... crispin ( recording ) ( cont 'd ) please , take whatever you want ! we hear the kidnapper speak in chinese . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 22 gabriel there it be . chinese . gonzo mandarin , to be exact . jameson Gabriel , can you translate ? gabriel he 's say , bring the house . gonzo bring the house ? riley where do you learn to speak mandarin ? gabriel I do not . ( point to he head ) Software . riley you should get a upgrade . it 's not bring the house . gong - ding mean house , yes . but it also mean safe or vault . gonzo bring the safe . gonzo and jameson be impressed , which annoys Gabriel . 32 int . crispin laboratory - day 32 Gabriel , riley and amo sit with nelson crispin , 35 year old , next to a large window overlook the potomac River . nelson what be in the safe ? dad 's computer . we drill a hole in the back for the wire . gabriel what be on the computer that warrant that ? nelson nothing compromise . dad be just paranoid about he memoir . he 's be dictating they for month . ( more ) intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 23 nelson ( cont 'd ) he say it 's easier to talk to Albert , so I make he a recorder . Nelson take a deep breath , try to collect himself . nelson ( cont 'd ) he be go to be really happy to see you again , Gabriel . talk about you all the time . that nearly put Nelson over the edge . riley look at amo , she eye tell he to say something . amos you build the recorder ? nelson yeah , I want it to respond to he voice . be not hard . I use the corona chassis , add a few gig of flash , and hack some code to make it dump into the computer every night . amos that 's why it be send out the signal that Gabriel pick up . it be try to log in . gabriel Nelson , be there anything in that memoir that someone could use to build a chip of they own ? nelson no way . we know the rule about black intel . riley I have a question . if you do not mind . gabriel ( mind ) no , go ahead . riley if there 's nothing compromise on that computer , and it 's encrypt , why do it need to be in a safe ? Gabriel look at riley . Nelson look catch . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 24 Pov - we now see they all through the scope of a sniper rifle , scanning across each face . 33 ext . potomac river park - same 33 a ice cream truck sit alone in the park along the river bank , across from the high rise building on the other side . Inside the ice cream truck be the sniper , he long rifle stick out through the window . he 's chinese . 34 int . crispin laboratory - same 34 back with Gabriel , riley , amo and Nelson . gabriel you be angry at you father . nelson why would I be angry ? riley you be he lab assistant . he leave , you be out , too . gabriel that 's not why he 's angry . he 's angry about I . nelson what be you talk about ? gabriel just three week ago you send a email to you dad , '' Gabriel be all you talk about . he may be you creation , but he 's not you son . '' what happen , Nelson ? do you want the chip in you big brain ? be that what it be ? nelson I do not have the mutation . gabriel and that burn you up , do not it ? tell we about the chinese . nelson chinese ? what be you ... what 's go on here ? amo ? intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 25 35 36 amos just tell they the truth , bro . riley what be in you father 's safe ? int . silicon room , shenzhen microtech - day 35 overhead view of a circular maze . concentric circle emanateg from the center . a shiny monolith float into the frame . the monolith be hold by tweezers and we suddenly realize the monolith be a microchip and the maze be the fingerprint on the end of a finger . the chip be place on the finger . the finger belong to jin cong , a handsome chinese man in a dark suit . he stare at the chip , hold it up to the light . he turn to Dr. crispin , frame by two armed chinese men . cong what would you government do to you if they learn you not only make another chip , but you make it even better than the first ? crispin it probably do not even work . cong how long after the surgery will you know if it 's be a success ? crispin surgery ? I be not implant a untest chip in a live human ! cong hold up he phone , on it be video come from the sniper videoscope point at he son 's head . cong that be a live image from a chinese - make m99 sniper rifle . int . crispin laboratory - same 36 Gabriel suddenly turn to the window , he’s picking up the signal from the sniper rifleas videoscope . he sees the ice cream truck outside with the sniper rifle pointed at they . gabriel sniper ! get down ! Gabriel run . riley be on she foot . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 26 riley Gabriel , wait ! 37 ext . crispin laboratory - same 37 Gabriel run out of the building , riley right behind he , and be immediately greet by a hail of gunfire from the flee truck . riley dive , knock Gabriel down . he look up as it disappear around the corner . gabriel what the hell be wrong with you ? riley I say wait . gabriel if you be a man , I would ... riley come right up in he face . riley pretend I be ! Gabriel stare she down , then break away , walk back inside the building . end act one intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 a7 act two 38 int . operating room , shenzhen microtech - day 38 jin cong walk crispin into a room . when he turn the light on we see it be a operating room . jin cong you surgical team have just land and will be here shortly . we have spare no expense in outfit this room with everything you will need . crispin everything I will need for what ? this be not some appendectomy . get past the histocompatibility complex be a feat in and of itself , but to coax the brain 's chemical neurotransmitters into generate a completely new biochemical language be tantamount to create a sixth sense . we rewrote the rule of nature . I implore you to explain to you government ... cong my government ? Beijing be too crippled by so-called reformer to do anything this bold . no , doctor , I be not do this on behalf of my government . I intend to take back my government from the coward who denigrate it . crispin the fact remain that this simply will not work . we discover that the candidate must possess a very rare genetic mutation call athen - 4u7r . to find such a person ... cong nod to one of he man , who open a door , revealing a beautiful , 26 - year - old chinese woman name mei zhao . cong this be mei Zhao . she possess the gene mutation , athens-4u7r . crispin be stunne . cong be satisfied . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 28 39 int . interrogation room , cdoc , cybercom - day 39 Nelson sit across a table from lillian . lillian that chip be base on top secret technology and be vital to national security . I have like to know who have it now . nelson do you even remember I ? lillian of course . nelson all that year I run he lab , we do not have a single conversation . 40 int . hallway outside of interrogation room - same 40 Gabriel , riley and amo stand outside the one - way glass , listen to lillian 's conversation with Nelson . gabriel it can not be easy . riley you father be kidnap ? gabriel you father be a genius . in all that time I spend with they , it never occur to I what it be do to Nelson . to he , I get to be pinocchio , while he be only gepetto 's assistant . riley he pass a lie detector . amos the polygraph be the lowest form of technology . it 's right down there with the self - clean toilet . riley and Gabriel share a amused look . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 29 4l int . interrogation room , cdoc - same 41 nelson the chip be not test , so we do not know . but , if it be functional , Moore 's Law dictate that it will be significantly faster and more robust than the original . lillian what be William plan on do with the chip ? nelson he be go to give it to you . lillian just like that ? why ? nelson loyalty do not always go both way . lillian you think I be disloyal ? nelson you could have keep he on . lillian he 's 70 year old . nelson dad 's first invention be a garage door opener . he be eleven . this be the guy you keep . lillian I do not make the rule . nelson and what about I ? I be not seventy . do you even know what my contribution be to this program ? lillian the thing I can not figure out , Nelson , be why you sell out you country . be it because I insulted you father by let he go ? or be it because I insulted you , by not invite you for tea . lillian stand and walk out . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 30 42 int . hallway , cybercom - continuous 42 lillian step out , to find Gabriel , riley and amo wait . lillian I do not feel great about what I just do in there . riley you have to push he button . you have no choice . gabriel there 's no electronic signpost that he 's lie . no email , voicemail , nothing . riley but he also know to avoid that trap , right ? lillian he may be angry at we , but I do not see he put he father in danger . jameson and gonzo approach . jameson we get the partial plate off the video . but , it do not come up on any database . riley what about steal plate ? gabriel what 's the partial ? jameson maryland , L - 4 . gabriel ( work the chip ) a pair of maryland plate beginning with L - 4 be report steal one week ago . the car the plate be take from be a blue , eighty - eight chevrolet caprice , park on the twenty - three hundred block of castor Road in rockville . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 31 riley this be a great party trick . how many white Ford van be ina twenty mile radius ? gabriel twenty -seven . jameson our be a ' 98 Ford e-sery extended cargo 2 - door . gabriel that narrow it to two van . one be tow for unpaid parking ticket six week ago and still sit in the impound lot . the other be register to a business call bullseye paintball . jameson the enhancement show paint splatter on one side . gabriel guess where bullseye paintball be ? ( off they look ) Chinatown . 43 ext . paintball - day 43 it 's a outdoor paintball arena with various area set up for battle . there 's a old west town , a junkyard , a fake jungle , etc . there 's also a collection of corrugate aluminum building . riley and Gabriel get out of one car , gonzo and jameson out of the other . on the other side of the wooden fence , kid shoot splatter of red and yellow paint at each other . gonzo what do we do about all the kid ? riley we have satellite right ? let 's see what 's go on inside this building . jameson amo say fifteen minute to get the bird in position . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 32 gonzo and the tack team be ten minute out . gabriel we could look around , not engage . riley I do not think that 's a good idea . gabriel guy ? what do you think ? riley it do not matter what they think . we be wait . gonzo and jameson share a look . Gabriel ignore she . gabriel I be go to look around . Gabriel start walk . gonzo and jameson take the cue . gonzo we will go this way . riley , leave alone and frustrated , follow Gabriel . as she catch up to he ... riley you think you be the first protectee that 's give I trouble ? gabriel the F -35 be the most expensive airplane ever build . the first thing they do be throw it ina war zone . this thing in my head may be valuable , but it 's no good to anyone sit in the hangar . riley you be no good to anyone if you be dead either . we be go to have to come to some kind of understanding . gabriel the only thing to understand be that I be not a machine . you can not just shut I off . riley too bad for you wife . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 33 44 he turn . she instantly realize ... riley ( cont 'd ) God , I be sorry . I know about you wife , of course . it 's in you file . I forget ... gabriel you believe what you read ? you believe that my wife , a decorate CIA agent , would suddenly fall in love with a blood-love member of the lashkar-e-taiba ? take part ina terrorist attack ? murder innocent civilian ? riley I do not know you wife . gabriel do not ever talk about she in the past tense again . she 's not dead . they reach one of the warehouse . he open the door . riley Gabriel ... int . indoor course , bullseye paintball - continuous 44 all light with black light , the paint in here be dayglo , and the music , some kind of chinese rap , be blaring . splatter of glow - in- the-dark paint be everywhere . riley listen , you do not have to like I , but this be exactly what lillian be talk about . and she 's right . wait ten minute will not change ... splat - she get hit on the arm with a paintball . glow yellow splatter cover she shoulder . a kid cackle and run . riley ( cont 'd ) great . gabriel have you ever be take , hold against you will ? I have . and ten minute can be a lifetime . they arrive at another door . it have a padlock on it . Gabriel use the butt of a FIRE extinguisher to smash the lock . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 34 45 int . garage , bullseye paintball - same 45 Gabriel and riley enter a dark and junk - fill garage . all kind of paint supplies , old paint gun , etc . and in the corner , by the outer door be the white ford van . jackpot . they approach it . look in the window . Gabriel try the door , but it 's lock . she walk to a tool bench , grab a screw driver and hammer . she shove the screw driver into the door lock , hammer it , turn it hard and pop . it open . gabriel Auto theft ? ( off she look ) the seal file . riley no . voice hey ! six chinese gangbanger enter . baseball bat and gun . the voice belong to a thug we will come to know as huang fu . huang fu who say you could come in here ? riley we be federal agent . one of the gangbanger aim at gabriel and fire , but riley push Gabriel aside and fire back . they all scatter . Gabriel look at riley and see the blood on her shoulder . she fall backward against the car . he pull she down to the relative safety of the floor . a gun in one hand , riley in he other arm , he scan the darkness for the muffle voice of the gangbanger . gabriel you take a bullet for I ? what do you think you be do ? riley my job . she lose consciousness , slumping over into he arm . end act two intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 35 46 47 act three int . garage , bullseye paintball - evening 46 pitch -black , gunshot , shout in chinese . Gabriel stay down low with a unconscious riley , put pressure on she shoulder where she be shot . he talk on a cell phone . gabriel ( phone ) she 's alive , but I can not tell if ... another shot be fire , just miss . Gabriel fire back . gabriel ( cont 'd ) I need that bird ! intercut with : int . cdoc , cybercom - day 47 lillian be at the control center . Gabriel be now on speaker . lillian amo , where 's my satellite ! amos two more minute . lillian he do not need it in two minute . amos move eighty ton through space . it 's not like order a pizza . lillian Gabriel , the tack team be on site , evacuate the civilian . how many shooter ? gabriel Seven . Gabriel shoot into the darkness at a move shadow . gabriel ( cont 'd ) six . shout in chinese be hear . through the pile of junk Gabriel can see movement . they be close in on he . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 36 48 49 50 51 52 amos forty second ! riley 's eye open , just in time to see a figure charge at they . her gun still in she hand , she lift it up and fire , hitting the man in the chest . Gabriel look down at she . int . indoor course , bullseye paintball - continuous 48 with riley 's good arm drape over he shoulder , Gabriel burst into the now empty indoor range . he try to get across the large space to the exit , but the gangbanger start shoot at they from behind . int . cdoc , cybercom - same 49 amos Satellite in four , three , two ... int . paintball - same 50 Gabriel look out at the darkness and then we be in he Pov . he see a three - dimensional space . the room suddenly appear almost translucent . gabriel I have get satellite infrared ... riley you can do that ? as he help she to she foot , intercut with he Pov and see the entire space with infrare vision - a 3d environment , like a video game , with red figure hide behind various obstacle . Gabriel , with riley 's arm over he shoulder , be able to move they toward the door , while avoid the bogey . ext . bullseye paintball - same 51 jameson and gonzo direct the crowd toward the arrive police car , and flash they badge to the arrive swat unit . int . paintball - same 52 Gabriel spot a bogey raise a gun . Gabriel fire - hitting he . they keep move toward the door . just as they reach it , the door burst OPEN and men in tack suit and bayonet light move in . jameson and gonzo rush to Gabriel and riley . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 37 53 ext . bullseye paintball - same 53 Gabriel and riley emerge into the fade sunlight and flash light and siren . gabriel we need a medic ! riley the Roman use to say it 's bad luck not to give something to the person who save you life . I think twenty dollar should do it . gabriel you be not give I twenty dollar . riley I save you life , remember ? gabriel you want I to give you twenty dollar ? do you miss the part where I use my terminator vision to get you out of there ? jameson come back with the paramedics . jameson no sign of crispin . gonzo he 's not here . paramedics take riley on the stretcher as Gabriel point to one of the chinese gangbanger in handcuffs - huang fu . gabriel that 's the one you want . gabriel 's Pov - facial recognition - mug shot , data stream . jameson he 's the boss ? gabriel no . but he 's connect . riley to who ? gabriel chinese mss . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 38 54 int . hospital room - night 54 riley be in the bed , shoulder bandage , hospital gown on . lillian , amo , Gabriel and gonzo be here , too . lillian jin cong ? be you sure ? gabriel that gangbanger 's he cousin . riley jin cong be a spy ? gonzo CIA hunt he for about a decade . jameson he have not show up on the grid in five year . lillian now he have . let 's start work it . gonzo , jameson , amo , you head back . it 's time I put in a call to the chinese . gonzo and jameson start to leave . amo , too . amos riley , I be glad you be okay . before she can respond , he get yank away by gonzo . gabriel someone have a crush . riley lillian , can you help I get my clothes on ? I can not sleep here . lillian what have the doc say ? riley that I be a big girl . Gabriel , give I a ride ? gabriel I 'il wait in the hall . when he 's go ... intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 39 riley they bring a clean T-shirt for I . it 's in the cabinet . lillian realize she 's not talk riley out of this . she go to the cabinet . riley ( cont 'd ) what 's the real on Gabriel 's wife ? lillian Excuse I ? riley you want I to take bullet for he , then I need to know where he 's go to be unpredictable . lillian the real be that Amelia haye be a enemy of the United States . riley if that 's true , why would you violate all establish protocol by entrust the man who love she with the most powerful intelligence weapon on earth ? ( realize ... ) you do not believe she 's a traitor , do you ? and I bet you do not even believe she 's dead . lillian consider she answer carefully . lillian what I believe be irrelevant . ( beat ) let I be very clear with you , riley . we have spend billion of dollar create something that every nation on Earth would go to war to possess . I do not bring you here to argue with I . I bring you here to keep it safe . riley him . not it . he 's a human be and she 's he wife . he 's not go to let go of this . nor should he . lillian do not have a response . maybe she agree . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 40 55 int . mei zhao 's room , shenzhen microtech - night 55 a makeshift recovery room , build for one patient only . mei Zhao be unconscious , she head wrap in bandage . a chinese nurse attend to she , while stand at the foot of the bed be a quiet , stoic jin cong . Dr. crispin be bring in by a armed guard . crispin we have many heartbreaking failure that often result in exactly what we be see here . this poor girl could wake up in week or month , or never . we be meddle in the building block of life . and that mystery be still beyond we reach . cong produce a black handgun with a pearl handle , inlaid with a dragon in one hand . cong have you ever see a canglong handgun before ? canglong mean '' black dragon . '' this be the finest gun make in the world . crispin what be you plan on do with you Black Dragon gun ? without warning , cong crack the gun across crispin 's forehead , send he to the floor . he look up , bleed . cong do you sabotage we , doctor ?! crispin no ! like I say , she might still wake up ! we need to give she time ! cong you will replace this chip with the original chip , the one that work . crispin you do not have that chip . cong I will shortly . cong walk out , leave crispin tremble on the floor . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 41 56 57 58 59 int . riley 's bedroom - morning 56 riley wake up , feel for she bandage shoulder . ouch . she strain to pull herself up out of bed . int . live room , riley 's house - morning 57 riley walk down the stair and stop in she track . she 's shocked to see that stand in she live room be Gabriel . he 's walk slowly , mumbling to himself . riley who be you talk to ? and what be you do in my house ? gabriel lillian tell I to stay and keep a eye on you . he still do not turn to face she . completely perplex , she walk down the stair . there 's nobody here but Gabriel . gabriel 's Pov : though he can see riley 's live room around he , and riley walk tentatively toward he , what he see more clearly be a frozen three dimensional image of ... ext . dr . william crispin be home - day ( cyber -rendering ) 58 a moment freeze in time . we be outside crispin 's home . two chinese gunman be drag crispin toward the van . two other gunman carry the safe . crispin strain to see over the shoulder of he kidnapper . he's staring desperately at the safe . Gabriel walk through the freeze scene , stop at crispin 's face . he follow he gaze back to the safe . gabriel ( to the freeze crispin ) that 's not fear on you face , be it ? that 's shock . Gabriel look back at the safe . then he look at the dark edge of the hologram he mind have create . data stream be everywhere . face flash , jing cong , dr . crispin , he son , the microchip be lower in Gabriel 's brain , document , the surveillance video , lillian , amo ... int . live room , riley 's house - morning 59 riley watch Gabriel , completely confuse . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 42 riley be you go to tell I why you be wander around my live room like a zombie . gabriel I be cyber-render . he Pov - she walk right through the apparition of the safe . gabriel ( cont 'd ) it 's something that the chip do that nobody expect . I can create a virtual snapshot of a event in my mind and then walk through it . but it 's more than that . it 's like a virtual evidence wall . all the intel I have access to , I can see it . the chip process it like a computer , but my brain metabolize it , well , like a brain . riley you be do this right now ? what do you see ? gabriel crispin can not take he eye off the safe . riley make sense . it 's important to he . gabriel it 's not just that . he can not imagine how they know to take it . riley you say you only have access to available intel . we could barely see he face in the surveillance video , so how be you see it now ? gabriel the render be sort of a compilation that 's generate by I . riley so , you be extrapolate . gabriel think of it like a dream . analyze it like a dream . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 43 60 61 riley you brain be say that the single most important question be who know what be in that safe ? and the only other person who know be Nelson . that 's why crispin be so shocked in this cyber-render . gabriel but , Nelson 's not the only other one who know , be he ? Gabriel turn sharply , as the entire render of the kidnapping fall away , immediately replace by another ... int . nelson crispin' office - day ( cyber -rendering ) 60 Gabriel stand in Nelson 's office at the moment he tell everyone to get down when he see the sniper . riley and Nelson be on the floor . Gabriel walk over to the render version of himself , also ducking below the window frame . then Gabriel look at amo , who have not move . he stand calmly , unflinching , right where he be the whole time . gabriel why be not you scared ? riley suddenly come to the same realization ... riley amo write the encryption code . twenty - forty bit . impregnable . the cyber-render fall away , leave only riley and Gabriel . gabriel call lillian . riley I will call she from the car . ext . riley 's house - continuous 61 they exit and stop short . walk up the path , hold a bouquet of flower be amo . Gabriel whip out he gun . gabriel you sonofabitch ! amos sorry , riley . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 44 riley why be you apologize to I ? amos I do not intend to involve you . the plan be just to lure Gabriel outside with I at some point . gabriel Drop the flower and put you hand in the air . I be take you in . amos you be not take I anywhere , Gabriel . I be the one take you . from each side of the porch , chinese gunmen appear , they gun point at Gabriel and riley . amo shrug . end act three intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 45 act four 62 ext . potomac river - day 62 a gray , blustery day . lillian walk along the riverbank with a man name sheng -li wang , 50 , long white trenchcoat over a perfectly tailore suit . lillian several asset of ours have be take . as you know , wang , we two country have enjoy a moratorium on this type of behavior . sheng-li wang perhaps you can tell I which of you asset be miss . and be you sure they have not defect ? lillian where be jin cong ? she notice that the name get he attention . sheng-li wang lillian , if you issue be with jin cong , you issue be not with we . lillian what be you talk about ? sheng-li wang he be litimang . lillian do you expect I to believe that ? sheng-li wang if you find he I have like to request you turn he over to we . lillian of course . we be friend , right ? sheng-li wang you still do not believe I , do you ? lillian do I believe that jin cong , one of you high rank officer , have be disavow ? intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 46 sheng-li wang allow I to put it another way . as you might say in you old west , we would accept cong dead or alive . she barely hide she shock at that statement . he put out a hand to shake , which she take . sheng-li wang ( cont ’d ) lillian , we would make a equitable trade . lillian it be wonderful to see you again , wang . as always . lillian smile and walk toward the wait suv . as she 's walk she talk . lillian ( cont 'd ) do you get all that ? intercut with : 63 int . cdoc , cybercom - same 63 jameson and gonzo sit in the control room . lillian 's voice on speaker . we can see she walk across the Washington mall from different angle on numerous monitor . jameson do you believe he ? gonzo the dead or alive bit be a good sell . lillian where be we with cong 's cousin ? jameson nowhere . and Gabriel 's locator be still dark . gonzo why would Gabriel shut down he locator ? jameson he would not . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 47 gonzo it would be nearly impossible without a passcode for anyone to hack a triangulate GIS chip and shut it down . and the only other person who know the code be ... jameson amo . lillian amo have access to crispin 's computer , so he would have know he be make another chip and that it be in that safe . gonzo and he sell the information to cong . I can not believe it . amo ? lillian we will have time for hand wring later . right now we need to focus . why do they take Gabriel , if they already get away with the new chip ? jameson what if new chip do not work ? lillian they have want the only one that do . lillian climb into the back seat of a wait suv . 64 int . utility room , shenzhen microtech - same 64 we be in some kind of a large janitorial closet . Gabriel slam against the lock door . no use . he look back at riley , at a utility sink , run water on a paper towel . gabriel do you know how many hour I have spend with amo ? sitting in that lab ? all that test , software update , diagnostics ... you get pretty close to someone . he punch the door . he turn and see riley sit on a metal chair . she look down at the plume of blood on she shirt . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 48 gabriel ( cont 'd ) I would better take a look at that . ( off she look ) just the wound . do not get excited . she wince as he peel the top of she shirt back . gabriel ( cont 'd ) stitches be hold , but it do not look great . he gently take the wet paper towel from she and begin to clean the wound . it sting , but she take it . he look intently at what he 's do . riley do lillian really tell you to keep a eye on I last night ? he shrug . gabriel you be suppose to be in the hospital . I could not leave you alone . just in case . she look at he . he continue clean she wound , studiously avoid she eye . they be close , the moment be intimate . riley manslaughter . ( off he look ) I be not convict , but everyone agree to seal the file . it be not hard to convince they . ( beat ) my parent split when I be ten . my mother get a boyfriend soon after . she be not very discriminate . for the next five year I do not do anything to protect we from he . then one day I do . he 's take a breath . that be not what he be expect . gabriel you have be protect people ever since . maybe she have not think of that before . or maybe she have . riley you know , I be not just hire to protect you . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 49 65 gabriel I know . you be suppose to keep I from look for Amelia . riley yeah , well , hell with that . they both smile , grateful for the moment , a moment burst by ... the door open . jin cong and three chinese guard enter . Gabriel and riley be both on they foot . jin cong so , you be Gabriel . be you scan I right now ? what do you see ? gabriel a asshole . two of the man grab Gabriel , cuffing he wrist . riley shout in chinese , and one of the guard punch her across the mouth , send she to the floor . Gabriel try to break free , but there 's nothing he can do . cong command he man and leave . they drag Gabriel out next . gabriel ( cont 'd ) riley , whatever happen , stay alive . I be come back for you . she watch he disappear , as she 's hoist into a chair , she mouth and shoulder bleed , hand pull tight behind she . int . operating room , shenzhen microtech - day 65 Gabriel be bring in by the guard and cong . crispin , dress for surgery , turn and when he see Gabriel he sigh , sadly , gepetto fear for he pinocchio . crispin Gabriel ... gabriel Doc , be you okay ? crispin I be alive . and you will be , too . Gabriel now notice the strap on the operate table . cong Doctor , if you attempt subversion , you will be shot and I will dig the chip out of he dead skull myself . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 50 . he give a few order in chinese and leave . crispin be Nelson all right ? gabriel he will be . the guard drag Gabriel to the table and strap he down . crispin stop ! you do not have to hurt he ! gabriel ( a idea ) do this guy speak English ? crispin no. only cong . he ’1ll be back soon . ( pick up syringe ) this be midazolam . it will relax you before the anesthesia . I be sorry , I do not see a better option . gabriel I do . 66 int . utility room , shenzhen microtech - same 66 riley be tie to a chair , she shirt bloody . she do not look great . amo walk in , carry a cup of water . amos how be you feel ? I bring you some water . riley not interested . amos I be the only reason they have not kill you yet . I tell they you could be turn . riley laugh bitterly . amos ( cont 'd ) do you have any idea how much money cong have ? I could pretty much buy a Greek Island if I want . though , that 's not say much this day . ( beat ) we do not have to be enemy , riley . ( more ) intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 51 amos ( cont 'd ) we could be friend . very rich friend . riley I will take that water now . amos great . that 's great . he walk over and hold the water up to she mouth . she drink it . she look at he and smile a thank you . he smile . and she spit the bloody water in he face . 67 int . cdoc , interrogation room - day 67 jameson and gonzo sit across the table from jin cong 's cousin , who glare back at he from he tattooe eye . jameson you be hope to be deport , right ? think you friend back in China will take care of you ? gonzo that 's not go to happen , pal . know why ? because nobody will ever know we have you . you be go to disappear . a knock on the door . jameson walk out . 68 int . cdoc , hallway - continuous 68 lillian be wait in the hallway . jameson he 's a rock . lillian we friend , wang , just have he mother arrest for we in Beijing . let 's see how much of a rock he be now . she look in at the hulk frame of huang fu. lillian ( cont 'd ) they're all little boy when mommy 's in trouble . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 52 69 int . operating room , shenzhen microtech - same 69 Gabriel be unconscious . crispin look to the observation room where cong have just enter . cong nod to he to begin . crispin look down at Gabriel . the chinese anesthesiologist prepare the mask to go over Gabriel 's nose and mouth , while a nurse slide a tray of surgical instrument toward crispin . the anesthesiologist lower the mask onto Gabriel 's face . crispin look grave as the nurse hand he a scalpel . then ... Gabriel start convulsing . the anesthesiologist freak , check he gauge . crispin ( shouting at the anesthesiologist ) what do you give he ?! cong ( shouting ) what 's happen ? crispin he 's in cardiogenic shock ! the anesthesiologist be at a loss . crispin rip the mask off of Gabriel . crispin ( cont 'd ) Gabriel ! Gabriel , can you hear I ? help I hold he down ! cong leave the observation room , immediately appear in the operate room with they . cong what 's happen ? I demand to know what be happen . crispin I do not know . I do not know what they give he ! Gabriel 's leg be kick wildly . crispin ( cont 'd ) ( to anesthesiologist ) do you have any naloxone ?! naloxone ?! do you understand I ?! intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 53 70 71 cong yell to the guard to come help . they each grab a leg as crispin and the nurse hold they weight on he body to stabilize he . the anesthesiologist prepare a syringe . then ... Gabriel open he eye , look right at crispin . gabriel now , doc ! crispin back off of he quickly , as Gabriel grab the scalpel and jump up , plunging it into one guard 's throat , grab the gun from he waist , turn and shoot the other guard . in the melee of scream and gunshot , cong slip out the door . int . hallway - same 70 Gabriel and crispin run down a hallway , as a alarm sound . Gabriel look up at a surveillance camera . gabriel be Pov - he can see himself through the camera lens . he cut from camera to camera throughout the facility . in one room , cong shout at he men to mobilize ; in another hallway armed men run by ; in the processing plant employee in white gowns look at each other in fear ; in the room with mei Zhao unconscious ; finally cutting to : riley , strapped to she chair , amo peering out they door . gabriel she 's still there . Pov - a security camera around the corner - armed men . gabriel ( cont 'd ) in here ! he yank crispin into a stairwell , as the armed man run by . int . cdoc , interrogation room - same 71 a tiny chinese woman be on a video monitor in a chinese jail , talk to camera - to she son , sit at a table with lillian , gonzo and jameson . the woman be cry as she speak in chinese . her son , huang fu , be finally crack . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 54 72 73 74 75 lillian huang , the chinese government be go to make sure you mother spend the rest of she life in prison if you do not tell I where I can find jin cong . huang 's mother cry as she plead with he . his body soften and he look up at lillian and nod . int . cybercom helicopter - day 72 lillian in a helicopter as it lift off the roof of cybercom . a fleet of car and suv , they light flash , head out beneath she . int . surveillance room - same 73 cong enter as he man point out on one of the monitor , the armada of vehicle approach the facility in the distance , include the chopper in the sky . int . recovery room - same 74 cong enter with he man . mei Zhao be still unconscious . cong ( subtitle ) we be not leave without she . int . utility room - same 75 the alarm blaring in the background , amo be at the open door look each way down the hallway . amos I do not know what 's go on . riley what 's go on be that this be all about to go sideways on you . we hear a helicopter start up somewhere above they . riley ( cont 'd ) that 's you friend , cong . sound like he 's leave without you . amo pull out a gun and point it at she , he hand be tremble . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 55 riley ( cont 'd ) what be you do , amo ? amos if you be dead , you can not tell they what I do . riley be you go to kill Gabriel and crispin , too ? amos if they be not already dead , yes . out of nowhere a metal chair appear in the air over amo , smash he across the back of the head . he sink to the floor , revealing Gabriel and crispin stand behind he . Gabriel smile and drop the chair . gabriel we be even . riley Day 's not over yet . Gabriel unty she wrist . gabriel be you okay ? riley better than dead . they all scramble for the door , but Gabriel stop they . gabriel wait ! gabriel 's Pov - from a camera in the hallway . a guard come around the corner . Gabriel go to the door , turn quickly and fire , hit the guard . riley how do you know he be out there ? gabriel I be full of surprise . ( beat ) seem we be in a massive industrial park . ( more ) intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 56 76 77 78 gabriel ( cont 'd ) there 's a underground parking garage that run for a mile under the entire complex . we need to get down there . ext . rooftop - same 76 mei Zhao , on a stretcher , be wheeled toward a wait helicopter , but lillian 's chopper be circle above . chopper loudspeaker stand down and drop you weapon ! cong look over the side of the building at the twenty vehicle and they light surround they . amo appear at the roof door , he face bloody . amos cong ! cong turn . amo wave he back . int . parking garage - day 77 Gabriel , riley and crispin enter the sprawling parking garage . they stay low as they move alongside car , try the door that will not open . riley point to the onstar sticker on the window of a volvo . riley can you do something with that ? gabriel ( smile ) I believe I can . he close he eye and a moment later , the door lock pop and the engine start . riley show off . int . parking garage - moment later 78 the volvo peel through the parking garage . they seem to be home free , until ... about a hundred yard ahead , jin cong step out in front of they , point he gun directly at they . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 57 then jin cong motion to someone we can not see . it 's amo and two of he men carry the unconscious mei Zhao , she bandage head slump forward . riley do not stop ! he have a gun ! crispin but , she do not ! you 'il kill she ! stop the car ! Gabriel slam on the brake , barely stop before they . riley I say do not stop ! she jump out of the car , gun draw . Gabriel be already out , he gun draw . it 's a standoff with cong and he man . amos you will notice they be only point they gun at Gabriel . let 's trade . we take the car , Gabriel life . gabriel how about I shoot you instead and whatever happen , happen ? amos you be not authorize to make that decision and you know it . cong you be not a man , anymore , Mr. Black . you be a piece of very expensive military hardware . riley Dr. crispin . get out of the car slowly . gabriel what do you think you be do ? riley ( to cong ) take the car . nobody shoot . gabriel not a chance . riley Gabriel . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 58 he look at she . he know she 's right . there 's no choice here . he relent , but do not drop he weapon . cong 's man load mei Zhao into the volvo , as amo get behind the wheel . cong slowly back into the passenger seat . Gabriel just can not let it happen and he shoot cong in the leg . cong fall to the ground . Gabriel and riley shoot , kill one of cong 's man . amo gun the engine and take off , as Gabriel and riley pepper the back of the car with bullet , but it speed off into the darkness of the parking structure . Gabriel hold he gun on cong . 79 ext . shenzhen microtech - later 79 chinese thug sit on the pavement , they hand cuffed behind they back . both crispin and riley be be attend to at the ambulance as lillian and Gabriel approach . riley any sign of amo ? lillian no . the garage have twenty - seven exit . they must have slip out . gabriel we let the chip go . crispin I be the one who build it . I be sorry , lillian . it be a mistake . riley if anyone be to be blame , it 's I . I let amo get away . crispin you make a choice . I think it be the prudent one . you be he protector ? be that how this work ? lillian he 's not very good at follow order . crispin if we want a robot , we would have build one . we want a human . and we get one . that affect all of they - lillian most of all . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 59 80 ext . rock creek bridge - night 80 a single lane bridge in the middle of dense forest . two payr of headlight emerge from the thick darkness . the two suv wind they way to the edge of the bridge and stop . at that moment , a pair of headlight ignite on the other side of the bridge , from a car already wait . the suv door open and the passenger climb out . lillian , Gabriel , and riley from one suv . from the other , gonzo and jameson and a handcuffed prisoner , jin cong . on the other side of the bridge , sheng - Li wang step out of the car , with two chinese agent and begin to walk to the center of the bridge . gabriel be you go to explain why we be hand jin cong back to the mss ? lillian we be make a trade . Gabriel and riley trade perplex look as they follow lillian out to the center of the bridge , where gonzo and jameson hand cong over to wang 's man . wang remain . lillian ( cont 'd ) you say you have information . about Amelia haye . Gabriel look up . riley , too . they be shocked . sheng-li wang the Pakistanis claim she be alive . gabriel where be she ? sheng-li wang they have she under surveillance as recently as three month ago . lillian I need proof , wang . sheng-li wang she board a flight from punjab to Zurich on June 12 . I be sure you can find the video yourself . ( shake lillian 's hand ) it 's much better when we be friend , yes ? intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 60 . lillian smile and turn and they all walk back . gabriel I need to go to Zurich . lillian no , you need to go to nevada . gabriel nevada ? lillian the CIA drone Command Center be there . they lose one over Afghanistan . they think it be hack . gabriel lillian ... lillian nevada , Gabriel . after that , it 's better for both of we if you do not tell I you travel plan . gabriel I be just go to say thank you . lillian for what ? this never happen . she smile and keep walk . Gabriel look at riley . 81 int . plane - same 81 riley and Gabriel sit on a plane high over the U.S. riley you okay ? gabriel yeah . he recline he seat and close he eye . without look over , he hand she a $ 20 bill . riley what 's this for ? gabriel the next time . she smile and take it . they sit quietly for a moment . intelligence_seitzman_network draft 4_012813 61 82 int . tenament apartment , chinatown - night 82 we glide slowly across the ramshackle apartment past two chinese men play card , past the sofa where we find amo sleep and we continue over to the single bed against the peel wall where mei Zhao lie , comatose . move in on mei Zhao ... closer , closer ... until her eye OPEN . end pilot