interstellar written by Jonathan nolan story by Jonathan nolan , kip thorne &amp ; Lynda obst MARCH 12 2008 space . but not the dark lonely corner of it we be use to . this be a glitter inferno -- the center of a distant galaxy . suddenly , something tear past at incredible speed : a neutron STAR . it smashes headlong through everything it encounter ... planet , star . can anything stop this juggernaut ? yes . something loom at the heart of the galaxy , hide inside the blind starlight , a dark flaw in the fabric of existence itself : a black hole . the neutron star be pull into the black hole 's swirl , spiraling closer and closer to destruction . finally , it contact the hole 's edge and explode . the explosion be so powerful that it send shock wave into the fabric of space- time itself . we ride one of this wave , racing back out from the black hole . suddenly , a portion of the wave disappear down a crystal - like hole , emerge in a much darker region of the universe -- a backwater that , as the wave race past a giant red planet with a distinctive eye , we recognize as we own . the wave , now just a infinitesimal ripple , finally reach we blue planet . it drop into we atmosphere over North America , toward the high desert east of the cascade , and through the roof of a nondescript warehouse . the wave tickle the atom in the steel shell of a vacuum chamber , then dance a tiny jig with a laser beam reflect in a heavy piece of glass . the wave shoot back out of the building and disappear in the fractal branch of a tumbleweed rest against a concrete tube that stretch for mile in the desert . a suv speed past the tumbleweed and we follow it till it park at another plain- look building at the opposite end of the tube . a man climb out of the suv . int . control room , warehouse -- day the man let himself into a large room that look like Mission Control . he pour himself a cup of coffee . it be the weekend and the place be empty . no one have be there to see the display flash a distinctive shape -- a pulse follow by a series of echoe . the man look up at the screen , then drop he cup of coffee . CUT to : 2 . int . ligo office , caltech , pasadena -- day the laser interferometer gravitational - Wave observatory headquarters at caltech be a frenzy of activity . postdocs and researcher huddle around monitor and printout , argue . ansen , 60 , the director of ligo , walk through the frenzy . a postdoc hand he a printout : a pulse follow by echoe . int . ligo director' office , caltech -- day ansen step into the relative calm of a large , sunlit office , which overlook a grassy stretch of caltech 's campus . his assistant , 30 , be on the phone , on hold . he look up at ansen as he enter . assistant I be on hold with the INS . ( cover microphone ) do not you think we should double check the triangulation before we call anybody - ansen we have double check it . someone finally pick up the line . assistant yes . I be try to reach - ( pause , listen ) no , I do not think you understand how serious this be . ( pause ) because if you do , we would be have this conversation in person . he listen for a moment , then hang up the phone , confuse . ansen what do they say ? assistant they say we should look out the window . ansen step to the window and look out : in the courtyard below , coed be scramble to get out of the way as a military helicopter set down in the middle of the quad and dozen of armed federal agent converge on he building . 3. int . MAIN conference room , ligo , caltech -- day ansen sit , alone , on one side of a conference table . the other side be fill with government men -- NSA mostly , some dia . the door open and he assistant step in . armed guard pat he down , then shove he into a seat . ansen be that really necessary ? one of the NSA agent lean forward . NSA agent you have be complain for year that the government do not take you project seriously enough , Doctor . ( smile ) you can not have it both way . ansen motion to he assistant , who turn on a projector . on-screen , we see the familiar pulse and echoe . ansen yesterday morning , we facility in hanford identify this signal : a neutron star collide with a supermassive black hole . we go through the last year 's data and triangulate the source . the pulse be translate into a crude animatic of a neutron star circle into the black hole . NSA agent we know that , Doctor . what we do not know be why , accord to you number , this event take place right here in we own solar system . suddenly , the image overlay the sun , the earth , and the rest of we solar system around the black hole . ansen it do not . because if it have we would all be dead by now . on-screen , Jupiter , then the Earth and the inner planet be consume by the black hole . only the sun survive , pull into orbit around its new master . ansen ( cont 'd ) which leave only one explanation : the signal travel through a ( more ) 4. ansen ( cont 'd ) wormhole . a gateway to a distant corner of the universe . the black hole be on the far side . on-screen , the black hole system be remove to a distant corner , connect to ours by a tunnel through space- time . a gravity wave from the collision travel through the tunnel . NSA agent I have read you book , Doctor . you say that wormhole be impossible . ansen there be nothing quite as satisfy as be prove utterly wrong . ( smile ) I say that a wormhole could not exist naturally . not for more than a few billionth of a second . it would have to be ... stabilize . NSA agent stabilize by what ? ansen pause , unsure . his assistant step in to he defense . assistant we do not have any way to answer that question . NSA agent ( ignore he ) you be not under peer review here , Doctor . I do not care about you reputation . I need to know how that thing get there . now . ansen finally speak up . ansen if you be worried about a invasion , I would start draft the article of surrender . ( smile ) whoever they be , if they can build a wormhole , they could erase we in the blink of a eye . luckily , that also mean we have nothing they could be interested in . NSA agent then why be it there ? 5 . ansen I do not know . maybe it 's a invitation . a chance to commune with a advanced species . the assistant , embarrassed , look down . the agent notice . NSA agent you do not agree ? assistant ( delicate ) no . I do not think we can assume a alien intelligence build the wormhole . ( change tack ) but the opportunity it represent be incredible . we could explore part of the universe we never dreamt of reach in we lifetime . the agent exchange a look with one of he colleague , who step out of the room . ansen we need to get back to work . I have a conference call with we european partner in fifteen minute . NSA agent we severe the connection to you european partner this morning . ansen ( indignant ) you can not do that . the european put up some of the funding ... government man we will send they a check . ( stand ) you project be now classified under the State secret Act . he step out the door , leave the man alone . the assistant , outrage , turn back to he boss . assistant they can not keep this a secret . you know that . sooner or later ... the young man look down , embarrassed , as he notice that tear be roll down the older man 's cheek . 6 . ansen I do not care about that . I have spend my whole life be afraid we would wipe ourselves out before this moment arrive . we have make so many mistake , I be not sure we would make it ... the assitant realize that the old man be weep for joy . relief . ansen ( cont 'd ) but this will change everything . fifty year from now , nothing will be the same . the older man look at the simulation on the screen of the tiny link between we galaxy and another . fade to black ext . cornfield , central california -- day corn . as far as the eye can see . super title : " fifty year later " a large old diesel tour bus be park by the side of a dirt road , smoke pour out of its open hood . a dozen men in baseball uniform be stand around the front of the bus . a batter pickup pull up , and a man , 30 , get out , leave he two son in the car . this be cooper . he join the ballplayer stare at the lifeless diesel engine . ballplayer seize up on we . cooper Long way to come by bus . I think you guy would have a plane . ballplayer we do . ran out of part for it . you know anything about diesel ? cooper a little . Cooper step to the engine compartment . the ballplayer notice Cooper 's two boy , tom , 15 , and MURPH , 10 , watch they . he wander over . 7. ballplayer you think you dad 's go to be able to help we out ? Murph , a filth -encrust kid with a black eye , smile at the ballplayer . MURPH my dad can fix anything . ( wry smile ) except maybe you fastball . the ballplayer frown : smartass kid . after a moment under the hood , Cooper signal to the driver , who try the engine . it turn over once , then start . ballplayer sure appreciate the help . cooper ( shrug ) you do not make it , my boy will not get to see you lose . the ballplayer load up into the bus and as it pull away , we can see the logo paint across the back of the bus for the first time : world famous new york yankee ext . space , near earth orbit Earth spin , lazily . from this height , it look much the same as it have do for thousand of year . suddenly , a tiny black object appear , racing toward Earth . the object smashes into a large satellite and race onward . behind it , the satellite spin out of orbit in a cloud of fragment . ext . baseball stadium -- night a old minor league stadium . the stand be barely halfway full . Cooper , he boy , and Cooper 's father - in - law , donald , 60 , have a row to themselves behind the dugout . Murph offer he grandpa some popcorn . donald popcorn at a ball game be unnatural . I want a hot dog . 8. MURPH ( confuse ) what 's a hot dog ? suddenly , play stop on the field below as the player and fan look up at the night sky : a bright blue streak be tear across it . it 's beautiful . tom be that a comet , dad ? cooper ( shake he head ) Satellite . Big one . probably chinese . everyone watch the firework as the satellite burn up in the upper atmosphere . after a moment , play resume -- it 's a pretty show , but everyone have see it plenty of time before . down on the field , the dodger ' catcher miss a easy pop fly and the yankee load the basis . Donald look disgust . int . cooper' truck -- night Cooper guide he truck along a pothol road . his father - in - law be riding shotgun ; the boy be sleep in the back . donald that clown would get they ass hand to they by the ballplayer I grow up watch . cooper you ruin it for the boy when you talk like that . donald I be not do my grandkid any favor by lie to they . they be grow up watch lousy baseball . cooper they do not have any baseball at all when I be a kid . that shut the old man up for now . they drive on in silence . CUT to : 9 . ext . farmhouse -- morning the sun be gently landing on the horizon , painting the sea of corn around Cooper 's modest house gold . Cooper walk out of he house , still eat he breakfast . Donald be on the porch , look at a black cloud of smoke in the distance . the neighbor field be burning . donald Nelson 's burn up he crop . found some of the blight on the okra . Cooper watch the man walk through the field , set fire to the crop . cooper I think okra be not susceptible . donald ( shrug ) better safe than sorry . ( look at he ) you have get to take the boy to school . cooper something wrong with you truck ? donald ( smile ) parent - teacher conference day . Cooper bend he head in dismay . donald ( cont 'd ) be nice to Murph 's teacher . she 's single , you know . cooper what do that have to do with anything ? donald we be suppose to be repopulate the earth . gotta pull you weight . besides , the boy could do with a woman in they life . the boy run out of the house and pile into the truck . Cooper pull away before Donald can continue . ext . road -- day Cooper weave the car along a dirt road . the kid be argue over a ancient comic book in the back seat . 10 . Cooper turn around to break it up . bang -- one of the tire blow out in a foot - deep pothole . ext . roadside -- day Cooper examine the flatten tire . look at he older son . cooper get the spare , Tom . tom that be the spare . cooper all right . we will use the patch kit . he move to the back of the truck . Murph suddenly look very glum . MURPH I ... I think the patch kit might not be there ... ( off he look ) because I be use it for my bike . Cooper look down at the dirt . sigh . cooper Murph 's law . MURPH ( confuse ) what 's that ? Tom snort with laughter . turn to he dad . tom the kid do not even know what he be name after ... Cooper shoot Tom a look -- enough . tom ( cont 'd ) Murph 's law mean what can go wrong will go wrong . Murph , look hurt , walk off . Cooper turn to he son . cooper find something to patch it with . tom how be I suppose to do that ? 11 . cooper figure it out . I be not always go to be here to help you . Cooper leave Tom to catch up with he young son , who be look out over the river . MURPH be that really why I be name Murph , dad ? cooper listen to I . Murph 's law do not mean that . it mean what can happen will happen . all kind of thing . good or bad . and that 's the way you want it to be . MURPH why ? cooper because if nothing ever happen to you then you would not learn anything . Murph be stare off into the distance . he 's hear something . cooper ( cont 'd ) Murph ? then Cooper hear it , too . a low rumbling SOUND . Cooper look out over the river . then he turn back and tackle he son to the ground . suddenly , a massive airplane soar overhead , so close they can almost touch it . it bounce the truck on its suspension , then soar off over the field behind they . Cooper grab Murph and race back to the truck . he pull a laptop and a antenna make out of a pringles can out of the back of the truck . he hand the laptop and antenna to Murph . cooper ( cont 'd ) get in . Tom be still stand by the side of the road , wrestle with the jack . tom what about the tire ? int . truck -- moment later the truck be smashing through the cornfield as fast as Cooper can push it on three good tire . 12. Murph be hurriedly fire up the laptop and connect it to the directional antenna . Cooper be strain to see through the cornstalk , scan the horizon . tom over there - to the right , the dark shape of the Russian drine appear , fly low over the field . Cooper jerk the wheel -- ext . river -- day the truck burst out of the corn and splashes across the river and into a old , abandon suburban housing development in the valley below , plant over with corn . half a mile in front of they , the Russian drine be still hugging the ground . it have impossibly long , skinny wing , like a old U - 2 surveillance plane , but no cockpit . the top of its wing be cover in black solar cell . int . truck -- day Murph be fiddling with the computer . his older brother take the computer from he and fire up emulation software . cooper it 's a chinese military drine . solar cell could power a entire farm . ( to tom ) take the wheel . Cooper hand Murph the pringles can antenna . cooper ( cont 'd ) keep it point right at it , ok ? Murph nod . Tom take the wheel as he dad work the laptop , try to communicate with the huge Russian drine . the screen fill with cyrillic character . cooper ( cont 'd ) faster , Tom . I be lose it . Tom weave the truck at speed through the old , curve street of the development , past oversize suburban mansion plant over with corn . they round a corner and come face - to- face with a robot harvester . Tom jerk the wheel to avoid it . bang -- the truck lose a wing mirror against the flank of the combine . 13. ext . suburban development -- day Tom guide the truck from street to street , try to chart a straight path across the field . the truck bounce as it smashes through a old picket fence . ahead , the drine be soar , banking , pull away . int . truck -- day Cooper be still try to hack into the drine 's control circuitry as they leave the development behind and begin to climb into the foothills of the sierras . ext . ridgeline , hill -- day Tom guide the truck along the spine of the hill . the drine soar overhead , make for the white tip of the sierras . int . truck -- day Cooper be oblivious to the picturesque surroundings as he concentrate on the laptop . tom ( unsure ) dad ? cooper almost get it . do not slow down . in front of they , Tom and he brother watch as the drine plummet from view . tom dad . Cooper look up . ahead , the trail disappear as the edge of the hill fall away -- it 's a three hundred - foot drop . Tom lock up the brake . ext . ridgeline , hill -- day the truck skid to a halt inch from a precipitous drop . Cooper climb out , hold the laptop . Murph climb out next to he , still point the pringles can . tom we lose it . cooper ( smiling ) no we do not . 14 . suddenly , the drine soar back over they . Cooper type a couple key and then move he finger across the trackpad . the huge drine bank and turn in response . as the boy watch , Cooper send the drine soar high over they , banking and soar along the tree-line side of the valley , light glint from the black panel on its back . it 's a beautiful sight . Cooper crouch next to Murph . cooper ( cont 'd ) you want to give it a whirl ? Murph look at he dad , wide - eye . he take the laptop and move he finger gingerly across the pad . in response , the massive plane bank into a tight turn in the valley below . for a moment , Murph be in pure heaven , send the drine dance through the valley below . cooper ( cont 'd ) set she down in the valley -- there , next to the river . Murph lead the plane in a figure eight and then begin guide it into a gentle landing in the valley floor below . ext . abandoned golf course , valley floor -- day the truck limp along the overgrown fairway of a long - defunct golf course towards the massive hulk of the Russian drine , Cooper and the boy climb down . the valley be silent save for the truck 's engine wheeze and sputter as it cool . Cooper run a hand over the smooth carbon flank of the drine . tom how long do you think it 's be up there , dad ? cooper chinese mission control go down same as we , twenty year ago . it 's be up there ever since . tom what be it do fly so low ? Cooper read the information pour into he laptop . 15 . cooper it be look for something . intercepted some kind of signal . ( shrug ) it 's be at eighty thousand foot . Sun probably cook its brain . Cooper run he hand along the flank till he find a access patch . he pull out a crowbar and pries open the hatch . Inside , surround by a nest of liquid cool tube , be a small black module -- the drine 's auto-pilot . Cooper look down at Murph , who be stand at he elbow . MURPH what be you go to do with it ? cooper reprogram it . give it something socially responsible to do like drive a combine or a tractor . MURPH ( quiet ) could not we just let it go ? it 's not hurt anyone . Cooper look down at he son . good kid . cooper we need all the help we can get , Murph . this thing have to adapt , just like the rest of we . Cooper gently pries the control module out . ext . county school -- day it 's a small school , so all the kid and parent wait in front know exactly who 's drive the pickup truck with half of a Russian spy plane hang out of the bed as it pull up . int . principal' office , county school -- day Cooper be ushere into the office . the principal , 40s , a efficient - look man , shake he hand . principal good to see you , Mr. Cooper . this be Ms. Kelly , Murph 's teacher . Cooper smile at Ms. kelly , 30 , attractive . 16 . principal ( cont 'd ) so we have get Tom 's score back . congratulation . he 's go to make a excellent farmer . the principal slide a carbon copy across the desk to Cooper , who look take aback . cooper what about college ? principal the University of California only accept a few hundred student a year , Mr. Cooper . you have to be realistic . cooper you be ruling out college for he now ? he 's only fifteen . principal I be sorry . I be afraid Tom 's score simply be not high enough . cooper what be you , about a 36 - inch waist ? ( beat ) 30 - inch inseam ? principal I be not sure I see -- cooper you be tell I you need two number to measure you own ass , but just one to measure my son 's future ? Ms. Kelly stifles a laugh , then , with a look from the principal , take on the appropriate look of offense . principal I understand you be a well - educate man , Mr. Cooper . a scientist ? cooper engineer . principal frankly , the world do not need any more engineer . we do not run out of train or television set or satellite . ( beat ) we run out of food . 17 . Cooper lean back . he 's not go to win this one . principal ( cont 'd ) the world need farmer , Mr. Cooper . and I be sure you son Tom be go to make a fine one . ( smile benignly ) we be a caretaker generation . but thing be get better . maybe you grandchild will be able to attend college . Cooper look down , swallow he anger . cooper be we do ? principal one more thing . Ms. Kelly here say that Murph bring a book to school about the lunar landing . he slide a old textbook with a picture of a rocket on the cover across the desk to Cooper . cooper one of my old textbooks . Murph like the picture . ms. kelly this be one of the old federal textbooks . we have replace they with correct version . cooper correct ? ms. kelly the new textbooks explain that the Apollo lunar mission be fake in order to bankrupt the Soviet Union . cooper you do not believe we go to the moon ? ms. kelly I believe it be a brilliant piece of propaganda . the Soviets spend year try to build rocket and other useless machine . cooper " useless machine " ? 18. Cooper look to the principal for help . none be forthcoming . ms. kelly yes , Mr. Cooper . the kind of wastefulness and excess that the 20th century represent . you child would be better off learn about this planet , rather than read fantasy about leave it . Cooper be silent for a long moment . cooper one of that useless machine they use to make be call a mri . if we have any of they leave the doctor might have be able to find the cyst in my wife 's brain before she die , rather than afterwards . and then my kid could have be raise by two parent , instead of I and they pain -in- the -ass grandfather . Ms. Kelly 's face fall , ashen . Cooper swallow he anger . most of it , anyway . cooper ( cont 'd ) you ever consider the best thing for the world and humanity might have be for we to part company ? Cooper get up to leave . int . truck , county school parking lot -- day Cooper climb into the truck , try to hold it together . he punch the wheel . the radio keys to life . he ignore it . sit for a moment in misery . finally he pick up the handset . cb operator ( o.s. ) get a call from riggs , down in Galveston . say some of the tractor you build he go haywire last night . cooper just tell he to power down the controller for a couple minute . cb operator ( o.s. ) I do . he want you to come down in person anyway . say he find something you should take a look at . 19 . Cooper stare at the wheel . shake he head in frustration . ext . airstrip -- day Cooper pull he truck up to a grimy - look hangar . pull a tarp off of a ancient piper cub . check it over . int . piper cub -- day Cooper guide the plane along a long sliver of desert beach . the radio crackle to life . cooper bravo-two -eight , request permission to enter you airspace . AIR traffic control ( o.s. ) permission grant . welcome to the sovereign nation of Texas . coop hang up the radio . bank the plane inland . ext . gulf coast -- day below , a combine harvester fight its way up the dune , try to reach the beach , its wheel struggle for traction in the soft sand . a man wave up at Cooper 's plane as it circle overhead . Cooper land the plane on a desert roadway . jump down . he intercept one of the combine as it trundle past , try to reach the dune . he pop open the cabin . Inside be a mess of wire hook into a auto-pilot not unlike the one he rip out of the drine . he check the fault code and reset the computer . the man jog over to meet he . rigg thanks for come down . half of ' they take off last night , look for something . ( point to dune ) look like they find it , too . I think you be the man to see it . riggs start walk up the dune . Cooper follow . below , on the beach , a dozen more combine and other farming vehicle be line up at the tideline , warm gulf water lap at they metal flank . they be circle a deep crater . 20 . as they watch , a ancient autonomous sub beach itself , try to reach the crater . ext . crater' edge , beach -- day Cooper step between the wait machine and peer down into the crater . at the very bottom be a round black ball , about a foot across -- the same object we see punch a hole in the side of a satellite . every few second , it emit a distinctive chirp . Cooper check he rad meter . a tiny read -- non-lethal . he take off he watch and hand it to riggs . then he slide down into the hole . the probe chirp as Cooper slide down on top of it . he rub a hand across its smooth composite bulk . rigg ( from above ) you think it 's a alien ? Cooper wipe sand off of the object , revealing the faint , familiar outline etched into the side of the probe : the star and stripe of the old federal government . cooper not exactly . ext . crater' edge , beach -- day use a rope and a winch , Cooper haul the blacken probe out of the crater and onto the beach . Cooper heft it up and carry it to the back of he plane . cooper Space probe . never see one like it , though . look like it 's be to hell and back . the probe chirp as Cooper belt it into the back . rigg how do you think it wound up here ? cooper lose , I guess . guidance satellite would have be shot down by the chinese twenty year ago . Cooper look at the probe for a second , admire its form . 21 . int . kitchen , cooper' house -- night Donald be pour a bottle of corn beer into a bubbling vat of chowder . he turn to watch Cooper work , amused . the probe have be clamp to the kitchen table . Cooper work at the blacken case with a blowtorch . Cooper give up -- the torch have not make a scratch . the probe chirp . cooper well I do not know what the hell it 's make of , but I can not crack it open . donald good . clear it off the table so I can serve dinner . Tom and Murph walk in . Murph 's get another black eye . donald ( cont 'd ) what happen this time ? MURPH I get suspend . Paul say anyone who believe we go to the moon be a idiot . so I hit he . cooper good boy . Hand I the scanner . Murph hand he dad a defibrillator he 's modify for the purpose . he attaches the shock pad to the side of the probe and turn on the power . number flash across the screen . Cooper hit a button on the control and it pulse . cooper ( cont 'd ) here we go . Standard NASA encryption . memory 's be damage . just noise . hold on . I have get something . Cooper unplug a monitor from he computer and plug it into the defibrillator . after a moment , a image fill the screen : a ice - cover planet nestle in the center of a system impossibly dense with star . Murph stare , transfix . MURPH where be that , dad ? cooper I do not know . Cooper look at the probe . 22. cooper ( cont 'd ) where the hell do you come from ? Cooper shrug . turn off the monitor . cooper ( cont 'd ) we will take it down to tyson 's tomorrow and have it melt down . might be some copper inside . MURPH but what about its mission ? what about the information onboard ? cooper there 's no one for it to report to . NASA be all go . I be sorry , son . it get home too late . Donald pull he chowder off the boil and slide the pot unceremoniously onto the table . int . dine room -- night the boy have go to bed . Cooper and Donald be alone at the table . Donald hand Cooper another beer . donald I hear you meeting at the school do not go so well . Cooper shake he head in disgust . cooper maybe it 's better for everyone to forget what they do back then . remind we how far we have fall . donald ( look down , ) when I be kid , it feel like they make something new every day . some gadget or idea . ( smile ) like every day be Christmas . ( beat ) but we make a lot of mistake . six billion people . just try to imagine that . every last one of they try to have it all . Donald roll the bottle of beer in he hand . 23. donald ( cont 'd ) the truth be this world be not that bad . in a lot of way its better . Tom will be all right , whether he go to college or not . cooper it do not bother I that he can not go . it bother I that he do not care . donald Tom be not the problem . he fit in this world just fine . you be the one who do not fit , coop . you do not belong here . you be bear forty year too late , or forty year too early -- I do not know . my daughter know it , god bless she . and you kid know it , too . Donald drain he beer . walk to the screen door . stop , one hand on the frame . donald ( cont 'd ) you be good at something and you never get a chance to do anything with it . and I be sorry , coop . but that 's not you kid ' fault . Donald push out the screen door . Cooper look at he beer . the probe chirp . int . bedroom , cooper' house -- night Cooper flop down on he bed , fully clothed , exhaust . he stare up at the ceiling . this be he life . int . bedroom , cooper' house -- night the air be fill with a piercing noise . Cooper bolt upright . stumble out the door . int . hallway , cooper' house -- night Cooper 's boy be in the hallway , exhaust . Cooper , hold a baseball bat , make he way down the stair . Cooper use the bat to open the kitchen door . int . kitchen , cooper' house -- night Cooper step in , Murph watch from behind he . 24 . the probe be clamp to the table , the chirp replace with a deafening scream . Cooper , hold he ear , move closer to the probe . he hit it with the paddle . no result . he smashes it with the bat . nothing . he hit it again and again . finally , the clamp break off chunks of the table and the probe slam to the ground and roll toward the front door . as it roll , it stop shrieking . Cooper and the other watch it roll toward the door . it stop at the wall . after a second , it begin shrieking again . Cooper grab it and roll it toward the front door . once again , the movement shut it up . ext . porch , cooper' house -- night Cooper and he boy roll the probe out of the front door . it bump down the front step and come to rest in the dirt . after a moment , the unholy racket start up again . Cooper keep roll it , but it do not seem to help . Murph look up , see the star overhead . MURPH try a different direction . as they roll the probe in a circle , its shriek stop , then pick up again . Cooper zeroe in on the direction that keep it quiet -- southwest -- and push it along in the dirt . cooper it 's a fail - safe . it 's go to annoy we into take it home . Cooper stop roll the probe and , after a moment , it begin shrieking again . tom what be we go to do ? Cooper get a rope . cooper we be go to get some sleep . he begin tie the rope around the probe . int . bedroom , cooper' house -- day Cooper wake . he 's be sleep with a pillow wrap around he head . the shriek can be hear , but it 's muffle , distant . 25 . int . kitchen , cooper' house -- day Tom head off for school with Donald . Murph , still suspend , look up at Cooper , smile . MURPH what be we do today ? cooper you be stay here and clean the house . Murph look crestfallen . he look out towards the yard . Cooper follow he stare . cooper ( cont 'd ) I tell you , Murph . there 's no one to take it back to . MURPH but what if there be , dad ? what if there 's something we can salvage ? Cooper think it over . Murph scramble to get he shoe . ext . cooper' house -- day the shriek be still muffle . Cooper walk over to the well , put in a pair of earplug . a line be stake off , lead down into the well below . Cooper begin haul the line up . as the probe break the surface of the water , the shriek return to its normal volume . Cooper roll the probe out onto the ground . int . piper cub -- day the probe chirp next to Murph in the backseat as Cooper spin the plane and gun the throttle and they bounce along the dusty runway and into the air . ext . california coast -- day the tiny plane follow the mountain south . ext . skie over los angele -- day Cooper fly in low . Los Angeles look much the same way it do in the early 20th century -- small settlement in Santa monica and downtown . Wildfire and earthquake have shake and burn what be leave of the home in between . 26 . ext . pacific coast highway , malibu -- day Cooper put the plane down on the old highway and taxi up to a gas station . ahead , the Coast highway peter out and disappear beneath row of wild grass -- malibu have become ranchland , once again . ext . gas station , malibu -- day a old man look up as Cooper step out of the plane and check it over . cooper get any diesel ? old man plenty . shame you can not eat it . Cooper stretch the hose over to the plane . int . piper cub -- day Cooper rest a hand lightly on the control as he follow the coast . Murph gaze out the window . in the backseat , the probe be humming . a light marine layer beneath they part , revealing santa cruz island , a large , uninhabited island . as Cooper soar over the island , the probe hum , insistent . MURPH I think it 's home . Cooper circle the island until he find a long , flat grassland in the center of the island . ext . field , santa cruz island -- day the plane bounce and hop to a halt in waist - deep grass . Murph and Cooper climb down from the plane . Cooper sling a rifle over he shoulder . a few dozen yard from the plane they reach the tree line . Murph stop , mesmerize by a patch of weed studd with bright red -- strawberry . MURPH dad , what be this thing ? cooper I do not know . do not touch they . 27 . Cooper spot something in the foliage ahead that look a little off . he walk over . he poke at the undergrowth with he rifle . the rifle clanks against something metal . Cooper reach -- it 's a camouflage scrim . he gently pull it aside , revealing a chemical transport truck . Cooper step back , alarmed . he bring up he rifle . cooper ( cont 'd ) Murph ? he look around . Murph be nowhere to be see . Cooper curse and head into the forest to look for he . ext . clearing , santa cruz island -- day Cooper walk through a glade . he stop to get he bearing . leans against a tree . snatch he hand back -- the trunk of the tree be red hot . Cooper step back -- it 's not a tree at all , but a camouflage chimney stack . he look up : the tree be venting steam . Cooper walk a little further , until he find several massive tank . the tank be fill with a bubbling liquid -- some kind of industrial process be take place beneath he . Cooper finally catch up with Murph at the edge of a clear . cooper careful . there 's some kind of underground facility here . we might ... Cooper notice he son be freeze , stare at something : stand bolt upright in the middle of the clear , wear a old straw hat , be a eight - foot - tall military spec robot . MURPH be it still ... alive ? cooper can not be . it 's a marine . have not make they for thirty year . I have never see one intact before . Cooper step closer to the robot , which be freeze . its alloy frame heavily tarnish and weather - beat . it look like it might have be stand here for decade . 28 . Cooper move closer to it , look into its blacken eye . he step back , clearly a little spook . cooper ( cont 'd ) I think we need to go , Murph . MURPH but can not we take it back ? you could fix it up , get he to do chore . cooper no . I do not know what this place be , but we be leave . Murph , ignore he father , step forward to touch the robot . suddenly , the robot spring into action , pick up the boy and hoist he up to eye level . Cooper , stunne , point the rifle at the robot . the robot turn , drop the boy , rip the rifle from Cooper 's hand , bend it , then slam he up against the side of the water tank . Cooper punch he , then wince in agony . Murph pick up the rifle and begin hitting the robot as hard as he can . the robot open he mouth and address Cooper calmly in the clipped tone of a US marine . robot tell the boy to stop hit I . cooper ( ignoring he ) hit he in the back of the neck . Murph raise the rifle butt . a voice stop he . voice ( o.s. ) I would not do that . a woman , 30 , step out from the tree . this be amelia brand -- tough , bright , and a decent shot with the large rifle that she 's point at Cooper . cooper we be just look for salvage . brand be that what they call steal this day ? cooper I do not know it belong to anyone . 29 . brand it do not . ( to robot ) you want to let they go , tar , or do you want some help with you work ? the robot , evidently name tar , look at Cooper closely . then let he go . cooper you have get I wrong , lady . brand really ? you be not the kind of guy who turn a combat marine with a supercomputer for a brain into a riding lawn mower ? Cooper say nothing -- she 's not that far off the mark . brand ( cont 'd ) get back in you little plane , go back to you farming commune . and do not come back . Cooper back up . tar hold up he mangle rifle . smile . tar do not forget you gun . cooper ( point at tar ) Word of advice -- careful with that thing . when the war be over , they do not know when to stop fight . brand I would trust he a lot more than I would trust you . keep move . Cooper back up to he plane . tar follow he . suddenly , in the plane , the probe emit a high - pitch squeal . tar respond instantly , stride past Cooper to the plane . he see the probe . tries to open the door . it 's lock . cooper wait a second -- tar tear the door off the plane . reaches inside and pull out the probe . the woman look at it , stunne . brand get it inside . ( more ) 30 . brand ( cont 'd ) ( point rifle at Cooper ) you too . we will figure out what to do with you later . tar stop , and two panel open in the ground , revealing a huge , reinforce service elevator . int . service elevator , underground bunker -- day brand wave at a security camera and the lift begin to glide diagonally down a tunnel that cut hundred of foot below the island 's surface . she keep she weapon shoulder . cooper now who 's steal from who ? brand this do not belong to you . cooper you be right . it belong to NASA , which shut down thirty year ago when the federal government run out of money . brand say nothing . the elevator slow to a stop at the bottom of the tunnel . heavy blast door grind open and brand motion for Cooper to step forward . int . underground bunker -- day they step into a vast underground facility . stand in the center , brace by a launch tower , be a ten story tall rocket . dozen of robot be work on in , maintain it . Cooper , stunne , look at brand . cooper who be you people ? brand ( wry ) the government give we plenty of practice look for we own funding . ( gesture with rifle ) keep move . tar carry the probe over to a area of the hangar fill with electronic equipment . a group of engineer and robot converge around tar . a older engineer look familiar -- 70 , white - haire , this be ansen 's assistant at caltech who we meet fifty year earlier . 31 . brand ( cont 'd ) I find they outside with it . it look like six . maybe seven . I can not tell from the radiation damage . the older engineer look at the probe , astonished . old engineer where do you find it ? cooper Galveston . brand father ( think it over ) of course . it must have be look for canaveral . tar bolt the probe down into a purpose build rig . doyle , 40s , a engineer , begin hook lead into the probe . cooper canaveral 's be go for thirty year . brand ignore he . doyle look up from he monitor , frustrated . doyle it 's not respond to the handshake . I can not open anything on primary . brand look up at Cooper . brand what do you do to it ? cooper nothing . I get something off of it . Cooper look around . there 's a safety station on the wall with a battery power defibrillator . cooper ( cont 'd ) ( to brand ) May I ? brand nod , wary . Cooper walk over to the wall , take the defibrillator , and hook it up to the probe . he tap into the current and run a lead into the terminal . brand 's Father watch , fascinate , as Cooper fire the defibrillator . 32 . old engineer of course . the high voltage allow you to image the entire memory unit at once . information begin appear on the terminal 's screen . cooper most of the disk be noise . couple of clean sector , though . suddenly , the monitor start pull good data off of the probe . the older man and doyle begin sorting through it . Cooper smile at brand , who seem less than impressed . the footage of the ice- cover planet Cooper see earlier pop onto the screen . the engineer and physicist get very quiet , study the image . doyle it find something . ( reading ) very thin nitrogen - base atmosphere . trace radiation . surface be ninety percent freeze water . ten percent rock -- sedimentary composition similar to limestone . ( reading ) wow . pocket of oxygen below the surface . lot and lot of oxygen . ( excite ) this could be the one , boss . the older engineer study the image of the ice- cover planet , think . cooper there be not any planet like that anywhere near earth . not even if this thing be go for thirty year . brand look at Cooper , appraise . she turn to the older engineer . brand he 's hear enough . if we be go to launch , we need to keep they here until afterwards . cooper you can not keep we here . 33. brand he could endanger the mission . cooper I be not go to endanger it any more than you already have . Cooper point to a telemetry unit that be be repair by a robot on a nearby bench . cooper ( cont 'd ) be you use that for guidance ? doyle why not ? we have test it a hundred time . cooper the power supply be no good . if the voltage fluctuate under load , the unit will fail . brand now how could you possibly know that ? cooper buy thirty of they off a guy in Florida . have to rebuild every last one . ( smile ) they work great on a riding lawn mower . brand look back at the telemetry system . the older engineer watch the exchange , think . CUT to : int . machine shop , underground facility -- day Cooper and Murph have be lock in a abandon machine shop , surround by the massive remain of rocket engine in various state of disrepair . tar be block the door . Cooper stand . tar wag a long , hydraulic finger at he . cooper you plan on keep we here forever ? tar ( shrug ) my battery have a duty cycle of five hundred year . Cooper give up . he turn back . 34 . the back of the shop be fill with a group of older robot who be overhaul a engine . one problem -- the engine be not there . they programming have not be update to reflect they obsolescence . Murph watch , entrance , as the robot go about they business , efficiently torquing bolt with impact driver into a non-existent thruster cone . the bolt clatter to the ground as the robot stop to reload . MURPH what be they do , dad ? cooper I guess no one tell they they be out of a job . ( nod at tar ) same as the rest of this people . Cooper notice through the glass door of the lab that brand and the older engineer be argue about something . she finally relent and walk towards the door . brand walk in . she gesture for Cooper to follow . brand the mission commander want to see you . you son can stay here . he will be all right with tar . Cooper eye tar warily . then step outside . ext . underground bunker -- day they walk across the space towards the base of the rocket , away from the other engineer . Cooper nod at the older engineer . cooper I think the old man be in charge . brand ( annoyed ) the ' old man ' be my father . and he be in charge . but he decide that we need someone who could lead the mission for the foreseeable future . cooper not you ? brand I be a biologist . 35 . cooper ( laugh ) you do not look like one . ( off she look ) with the rifle , I mean . brand head towards a group of large maintenance robot cluster at the base of the rocket . a smaller , human size robot be stare at the rocket , give they instruction . the robot look up . this be case , the leader of the mission . originally a air force pararescue officer , every part of he , from he alloy chassis to he voice , be design to inspire respect and confidence . he turn to Cooper . case you be the man who bring we the probe ? ( off he look ) thank you . we test the telemetry board you warn we about . it fail under high voltage , just as you say . come with I , please . case stride off . int . mission control , underground hangar -- day the light dim as brand 's father bring up a schematic of we solar system . case point to the picture of the ice planet recover from the probe . case you be right , Mr. Cooper . the planet you see be a long way from earth . a very long way indeed . brand look down . case notice . case ( cont 'd ) we science officer do not think I should trust you with any of this . one of the curious thing about human be that the more alike you be , the more initially hostile you be to each other . as if by design . brand make eye contact with Cooper , then look away , embarrassed . case ( cont 'd ) I have find the best way to earn a person 's trust be to trust they . ( more ) 36 . case ( cont 'd ) ( look at brand 's father ) go ahead , John . brand 's father tap a few key and the schematic he build fifty year beforehand flicker onto the screen . brand father it 's a wormhole . a shortcut lead to a galaxy on the far side of the universe . we find it fifty year ago . Cooper look at the animatic , take it in . brand father ( cont 'd ) we have be wait , send probe into it for decade . none of they ever come back . not until now . case walk to the schematic . look at it . case base on the information on the probe , we be finally prepare to send the manned mission . cooper that rocket do not have enough thrust or fuel to get you to Jupiter . case the main ship be build in orbit . it have nuclear engine , with enough fuel to last for several year . Cooper look at the schematic . cooper why be you tell I this ? I already tell you I be not go to tell anyone about this place . case I know you will not , Mr. Cooper . we be tell you this because I want you to join we . Cooper look at he . be he serious ? case ( cont 'd ) the probe have take a great deal longer to return to we than we hope . ( more ) 37 . case ( cont 'd ) Dr. brand 's Father and several other member of we crew have get ... older . brand 's Father look down , stoic . brand look angry . case ( cont 'd ) we need someone who can run the system , improvise , work with what 's available . all of the skill you seem to have develop . cooper but I do not have any of the experience . any training . you people have be prepare for this for year . case shake he head . case human worry about thing like rank and experience . I be only concerned with whether someone would be useful . ( beat ) I think you would be useful , Mr. Cooper . Cooper be stunne . this be the offer he 's wait he whole life for . and it 's come too late . cooper no. I be sorry . Cooper be deeply conflict . but he can not leave he boy behind . cooper ( cont 'd ) I can not help you . I have responsibility . thing that , no offense , be more important than a scientific mission . case shake he head . case I be not a scientist , Mr. Cooper . and this be not a scientific mission . it 's a rescue mission . he rise and shake Cooper 's hand . case ( cont 'd ) brand can show you the way out . I hope you will reconsider . 38 . case step to the door . Cooper look at brand . cooper rescue ? rescue who ? CUT to : int . clean room , underground facility -- night the air hiss as it 's run through a exchanger and a filter . then the second set of door open . Cooper squint -- the light be blind . int . greenhouse , underground facility -- night they be stand in a seal corridor in the middle of a massive underground greenhouse . through the glass , Cooper can see a acre or so of corn plant . Cooper look at the plant . they be all badly wilting . cooper the blight . brand in the last century strand be limited to one or two species . but this one target everything . essentially it 's more efficient at consume we food than we be . Cooper look at the die corn . cooper but it do not affect the corn . brand not yet . but it will . we have grow a dozen form of it that can . it 's just a matter of time before the same one develop out there . ( beat ) the mission be to rescue we . humanity . she turn back from the glass . cooper ( realizing ) no. no . we be rebuild . we will find something . some new technology ... we always have . 39 . brand ( shake she head ) who 's go to find it ? the university be a joke . people like you be reduce to scavenge just to get by . ( look away ) the earth have have enough of we . we have two , maybe three generation leave . then we time here be over . Cooper turn back from the glass , anger grow . cooper you have know this for how long ? and you do not try to tell anyone ? brand what would be the point ? so humanity could spend the last fifty year of its life fight over the scrap ? it 's better that they do not know . Cooper begin to argue , then stop . he know enough history to know she 's right . he look at the wither crop . cooper ( quiet ) that 's why you be look for a planet with oxygen . Water . brand a new home for humanity . we will set up a colony , then return to bring more people across . cooper but you would still only be able to save a few hundred . maybe a thousand . brand would it be better if we all die ? she look he directly in the eye . brand ( cont 'd ) look -- I do not have a clue what case think you could add to the mission . you can come with we or you can stay here and wait to die . I do not care . ( beat ) but make no mistake -- this mission be we last chance . 40 . Cooper look at the wilted corn . ext . field , santa cruz island -- night Cooper walk Murph back to the plane . he look back at brand , who hold he eye for a beat , then turn back into the light of the underground facility . Cooper buckle Murph into he seat . CUT to : ext . airfield -- night Cooper 's airplane touch down heavily on the runway . ext . farmhouse -- night Cooper carry he sleep son into the house . int . farmhouse -- night Donald be sit at the kitchen table , lose in think . Cooper have tell he everything . donald you get older , sometimes you just want to sit back and watch it all play out . you life . you kid ' life . the whole crazy story . ( look down ) I do not think I would be around for the end of it . he look at Cooper . donald ( cont 'd ) you have to go . cooper I can not go . I have to look after the boy . donald you have be prepare this boy to be on they own since they mom die . besides , I will be here to look after they , same as I have always be . cooper I have a responsibility to they -- donald that 's right . you do . 41 . Cooper look back out the window , think . the night sky be fill with star . CUT to : int . farmhouse -- day Cooper , duffel sling over he shoulder , stand by the door . he give he son , Tom , a hug . Murph be nowhere to be see . Cooper look to the back of the house . int . murph' room , farmhouse -- day Murph be sit at he desk , crossing out number on a sheet cover with math . Cooper step inside . he notice a pack suitcase sit by the door . the boy look up , hopeful . MURPH I have be do the math , dad . I weigh about 85 pound . now that 's a extra ton of fuel . but if - cooper you have to stay here , pal . MURPH ( distraught ) I hear you talk to grandpa . I be like you . I do not fit here , either . you know that . Cooper put a arm around the boy . cooper there 's go to be important work to do here , too . tear be stream down the boy 's face . Cooper take he watch off . look at it . cooper ( cont 'd ) I need you to hold onto this . will you do that for I ? Cooper hand Murph the watch . the boy nod , sadden . MURPH you be not come back , be you ? cooper I will come back . I promise . 42 . Murph shake he head , but the sadness remain . he know this be goodbye , even if he father do not . heart break , Cooper hug he son and turn to the door . CUT to : ext . field , santa cruz island -- day the piper cub touch down . Donald be at the control . Cooper climb down , pull out he bag . reaches back in and grip the old man 's hand to say goodbye . Cooper turn and walk toward the bunker . the door open and tar and doyle step out to greet he . tar usher Cooper onto the elevator . cooper do not look so happy to see I . tar ( shrug ) one more slave when I hijack the mission and start my robot colony . Cooper look at tar , then doyle , confuse . doyle tar be a Marine . they give he a sense of humor to help he fit in with he unit better . cooper great idea . a massive , sarcastic robot . tar I have a cue light I can turn on when I be joke , if you like . tar point to a tiny LED over he eyebrow . cooper that sound like a good idea . tar great . maybe you can use it to find you way back to the ship after I blow you out the airlock . Cooper look at he . tar look back , deadpan . after a beat , the little light turn on above he right eyebrow . the door to the bunker begin to grind close . 43. int . machine shop , underground facility -- day Cooper walk in , still look for a place to put he thing . brand see he . he smile in greeting . she do not return the gesture . instead , she hold up the telemetry board . brand you do not like this one , you get to help I find a replacement . she head for the door . ext . BAY , santa cruz island -- day Cooper be riding in a small rubber zodiac struggle to pull on a wetsuit . brand be gunning the engine , guide the tiny craft to a point in the middle of the bay . cooper I be wonder where you have be get you supplies . brand we know we would need decade of part and material . the government be get rid of some thing . so we arrange to take some off they hand . she cut the engine and hook the boat up to a buoy . she toss a compact rebreather . brand ( cont 'd ) you know how to use one ? ( off he look ) you just breathe . tap my arm or bang something metal if you have a problem . and do not get lose . she pick up she rebreather and begin look over it . cooper so you be a salvage diver now ? I think you be a biologist . brand ( unimpressed ) I have to be just the one thing ? ( patient ) we be not go to have a lot of backup where we be go , Cooper . we all need expertise in at least three field . except for you , of course . 44 . with that she roll backwards out of the boat and into the water . Cooper hastily fit he rebreather and follow . ext . underwater , BAY -- day Cooper sink underwater and begin swim after brand , who be descend at a rapid clip . she pull out a flashlight and turn it on . a tiny beam pick out detail at the bottom . Cooper stop breathe . the bottom of the ocean be cover with a entire fleet of the US navy . nuclear sub . battleship . destroyer . Cooper remember to breath again . then he hurry to catch up with brand . int . launch tube , nuclear sub , underwater -- day Cooper hold the light as brand efficiently disassemble a ballistic missile and remove the telemetry board . she hold it up for Cooper . he nod . she swim on . int . research lab , underground facility -- night Cooper , drip wet , hold the telemetry board , struggle to keep pace with brand through stack of equipment and year of research and experimentation . brand you can set that down over there . Cooper set the board down . his eye be draw to a bizarre experiment -- a ant colony build into a massive spin centrifuge . brand notice . brand ( cont 'd ) we do not know what kind of gravity to expect . we experiment with collective organism in high g environment . cooper we be take ant with we ? brand human be also collective organism . 45 . cooper I think human be more solitary . brand ( wry ) why be I not surprised ? Cooper look at the tiny colony of ant struggle to go about they business in the raise gravity . cooper look like hard work . brand it 's a paradox . life could not form without gravity . no star . no planet . the component piece would just drift apart . but too much of it and you be trap . brand 's guard relax a tiny bit as she talk about she work . the moment pass quickly , and she continue on into the stack of equipment . int . mission control , underground hangar -- night Cooper watch with the rest of the crew as case pull up the holographical map for they journey . brand step into the back of the room . Cooper notice she and nod . she ignore he . case we have update we mission parameter base on the data from the probe . case switch the map to a vista fill with star and black hole . case ( cont 'd ) base on we latest modell we think the region on the far side of the wormhole be the center of a galaxy . case zoom in on the center of the hologram : a incredibly bright mass with plasma jet fire off in either direction . cooper be that a star ? roth , 5as , the crew 's brilliant and blunt physicist , zoom the map in , revealing , at the center , a black heart . 46 . roth no . a black hole . there be several in the region , but this be the large -- a billion time heavier than the sun . I call it gargantua . ( smile ) beautiful , be not it ? it 's a shame we will not get to see it up close . doyle ( laugh ) you would like that , would not you , roth ? falling into a massive black hole . roth ( shrug ) it would answer a great deal of question I have have . case continue . doyle lean over to Cooper , conspiratorially . doyle ( low ) do not worry about roth . he 's nut . but case say that mean he 's ideally suite for space travel . case reposition the map near a much smaller black hole that be orbit gargantua . case we be head for this smaller black hole . roth call it pantagruel . we think the ice planet be here - case draw a finger through the air , leave a red trail . he trace the trajectory they ship will take . case ( cont 'd ) we exit the wormhole here . and we slingshot around pantagruel to reach the ice planet . this be the period in which we will lose time . cooper lose time ? roth shift the hologram -- the star and black hole flatten onto a sheet that bend , revealing the curvature of gravity . roth High speed or high gravity both slow down time , relative to earth . ( more ) 47 . roth ( cont 'd ) the trip around the black hole will take we only a few day . but far more time will be pass back home . the ship 's trajectory cut through the deep gravity well of the smaller black hole to reach the ice planet . cooper how much time ? roth base on the information from the probe -- as much as five year . doyle look at the tiny ship 's trajectory , thread between two black hole . he look worried . doyle I still think we be make a lot of assumption . about the wormhole . about the planet . ( point to map ) the critical orbit here be incredibly dangerous . it 's like walk on the rim of the volcano . ( beat ) too fast and we get throw off at close to the speed of light . too slow and we get pull into the hole and crush . brand as long as we be careful , we will make it . doyle how do you know that ? brand I find it hard to believe that someone would build a wormhole to a planet with water and oxygen just to lead we to a dead end . doyle I think you be a scientist , brand . that sound more like a hypothesis . brand a guess . that 's right . we do not have time to wait for conclusive proof . ( more ) 48 . brand ( cont 'd ) my guess be that the wormhole be there because someone be try to help we . the same way we use to try to help animal when they be threaten with extinction . cooper sure . till we run out of food and eat all of they . brand ( annoyed ) I guess I be also assume that whoever build the wormhole have a better plan than we do . if I be wrong , we will die , same as we would die here anyway . doyle what do you think , roth ? roth lean forward , study the map . roth if we be guess , then I would say brand 's right . the wormhole could not exist naturally . I think it 's there for a reason . that someone be try to help we . brand look satisfied . doyle so you think we will have no problem navigate between two massive black hole to a tiny planet ? roth I think we will probably be kill . ( off he look ) I say I think there be a plan . not that the plan be for we to find a planet like Earth to save a handful of people . ( shake head ) bird do not learn to fly just so that they can find another egg and crawl back into it . doyle if that 's not the plan , then what be we suppose to be do out there ? 49 . roth ( shrug ) to keep move . seek . learn . but I do not know . ( smile ) we do not understand how they build the wormhole . what make you think we could understand they plan , either ? doyle give up -- roth be impossible . Cooper look at the tiny ship trace a improbable route towards the ice planet . what have he get himself into ? int . machine shop , underground facility -- day brand 's Father be sit at a desk , examine the corrupt data on the probe . tar be help he . brand 's Father look up from the screen as Cooper walk up . brand father tar here need to be disassembled . I figure you could do the honors . cooper ( to tar , sarcastic ) I think I be go to get to enjoy you company all the way to Mars . tar hand he a plastic waterproof case . tar you will . my chassis be too heavy for the rocket stage . they have another one wait for I in orbit . tar turn he back to Cooper . two flap on the back of he torso slide open , revealing he control module . tar ( cont 'd ) if you try to turn I into a combine harvester , I be go to -- his voice cut out as Cooper remove the chip and seal it in the briefcase . brand 's Father resume explore the chaos of one and zeroe on the probe 's memory . Cooper watch . brand father it 's noise . I know it 's noise . but it look too orderly . probably just a old man see thing . 50 . he shut down the monitor . int . underground hangar -- day the crew file into the capsule , wear they bulky spacesuit . Cooper watch as brand 's Father seal he daughter into she suit . he hug she and she head for the capsule . int . control capsule , rocket -- night Cooper strap himself into a seat next to brand . he catch she eye . she look away -- she 's cry . cooper we will be back . it sound like he 's try to reassure himself as much she . brand I will not . Cooper look at she , confuse . as he do , the entire rocket shake as the primary rocket begin to fire . brand ( cont 'd ) if we find a habitable environment , I be stay behind to build the colony . brand wipe she tear away and settles into the same fearless mask she usually wear . she steal one last look out the window at Earth , then look back . Cooper begin to say something , but stop as the entire rocket lurch as the primary engine FIRE . ext . santa cruz island -- night the desolate island be suddenly paint in color as the rocket lift off on a massive white cloud . ext . field -- day Murph sit alone on a rise overlook the massive co- op farm . behind he the combine continue to work , oblivious . Murph watch a tiny vapor trail as it race for the heaven . his father 's watch dangle from he wrist . int . capsule -- night the interior of the capsule shake with incredible violence as the rocket be lift up on a giant , continuous explosion . 51 . ext . space , near earth orbit the rocket shed one stage , then another , until finally the naked capsule reach the blackness of space and rocket on . int . capsule Cooper look through the tiny porthole into inky blackness . as they get closer , he make out a loom matte black structure that pass light from the star directly through . in the center of the structure , Cooper can see a globe- like ship cover in the same refractive material : the endurance . int . space station the door crack open and equalize with a hiss . case , more comfortable in the zero gravity environment than the human , haul himself through . they be greet by a group of robot paint in the same material as the ship -- the engineer who build and have maintain the endurance for thirty year . int . machine shop , space station one of the robot lead Cooper through a long lab-like room fill with machine capable of fabricate almost anything imaginable . Cooper look like a kid in a candy store . the robot reach a vacuum - seal package . cut it open , revealing a bipedal frame . Cooper begin laughing -- tar 's new body be beautifully design , but tiny , only about four foot tall . engineer robot would you like I to install the chip ? cooper oh , no . I want to see this . Cooper take tar 's chip out of its plastic safety case and look it over . the engineer open a bay in the back of the frame and Cooper slide the chip inside . the frame begin its " handshake " -- light illuminate on the body , muscle flicker from a long gestation . the eye open . cooper ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) good morning , sunshine . 52 . tar take one or two step forward , rotate he arm -- the robot equivalent of a stretch . Cooper can barely hide he mirth at tar 's newfound lack of stature . cooper ( cont 'd ) bit of a demotion . tar turn back toward Cooper . he puff out he chest and suddenly he stubby arm and leg telescope , unfold into long , svelte limb . when he 's do he stand eight foot tall , even more impressive than he earthbound frame . tar I would not call it that , exactly . he reach out a arm and pat Cooper on the shoulder . int . endurance , space station Cooper and the other haul themselves into the ship . to Cooper 's surprise , it 's quite compact , and divide into two chamber , like nestle sphere . cooper the ship be tiny . doyle , squeezing past he , smile at Cooper 's surprise . doyle so be the wormhole . doyle pat Cooper on the back . Cooper begin haul gear inside . ext . space , near earth orbit in complete silence , the endurance detach from the space station and roll gently away . after a moment , its nuclear engine fire and the endurance begin to accelerate steadily away from the Earth . int . space station the engineer robot who build the endurance watch as they creation disappear into space . they mission be complete . one by one , they shut down . int . crew quarter , endurance the crew watch through a translucent section of the ship 's hull as the Earth get steadily smaller . then they settle in for the long journey to the wormhole . 53. int . crew quarter , endurance tar be hunch over a small communication relay , one hand be hold a paint brush -- he be make delicate stroke , painting the relay a bright blue . Cooper watch he for a moment . tar look up . tar it 's the comm relay . it will allow we to talk to earth , even on the far side of the wormhole . cooper I know . so why be you painting it ? tar look almost bashful . tar it help I calibrate my fine motor control . cooper sure it do . ( smile ) you be pretty good . tar double check he work . tar I learn it during the war . cooper what would you paint ? tar tombstone . Cooper watch he finish in silence . int . communications room , endurance Cooper watch a highly - compress video of he son , Tom , talk about school . tom they say I can start a agriculture class a year early . Cooper shake he head . tom ( cont 'd ) I have get to go , dad . hope you be safe up there . 54 . Tom get up to leave . Donald sit down in he place . donald I be sorry , coop . I ask Murph to record you a message but he 's still ... well , he 's still angry with you . I will try again next week . the video cut out . Cooper stare at the darken screen . int . engine room , endurance Cooper , brand and tar be move the bundle of colonization equipment into bin along the wall of the craft . tar pull a stack of equipment out the stack and stow it against the wall . Cooper copy the procedure . they labor in silence , work they way along the hull . Cooper get quick with each bundle , keep pace with tar . tar be careful . it 's difficult to gauge mass in zero gravity . cooper how much do this thing weigh ? tar four ton . Cooper look at the incredibly heavy bundle spin easily in he hand . he try to stop it . catch he hand . cooper damn . he jerk he hand away , then push himself after the spin bundle , try to stop it before it can damage the hull . tar help he catch it inch from the hull wall . brand float over to Cooper , smile at he the whole time with a exaggerated grin . brand smile . Cooper smile , take aback by brand 's sudden friendliness . cooper why ? brand because it lower you blood pressure . 55 . Cooper look at he hand . blood be pour out of he palm in large glisten bubbles . int . infirmary , endurance Cooper , slightly embarrassed , be seat while case be hunch over he hand , sewing the meat of it back together with perfect little stitches . case how be you feel ? cooper Fine . the anesthetic be work . case no -- I mean how be you mood ? you seem to be develop good relation with everyone on the mission . except perhaps Ms. brand . cooper ( embarrassed ) you worry about my hand and I will worry about my mood . case only five percent of my resource be devote to human anatomy . ten percent be the mission protocol . the rest be human psychology . cooper why ? case we be float in a total vacuum in a plastic ship power by nuclear engine . but the most dangerous thing onboard be the three pound of organic material in you skull . cooper if we be such a liability , why take we along ? you and tar could build the colony without we . you would not need to bring food or oxygen . case because human , despite you obvious physical shortcomings , be better at survive than we be . you programming be better than ours . 56 . cooper human be not program . case stop , look Cooper in the eye . case would you prefer I be honest ? this thing can be uncomfortable for human . cooper do they program you to be condescending ? case yes . of course . ( smile ) but you be not suppose to notice . case finish the stitches . tye off the end . case ( cont 'd ) human be good at survive because evolution give you magical think -- the idea that you relationship mean something . you can not explain the feeling , so you think of they as irrational . but they be not . they be programming . cooper ( defensive ) my relationship be not programming . case exactly . you believe it so much you will not listen to I . cooper how would that make we better at survive ? case when I die , the last thing I will see will be a diagnostic of my own power cycle . would you like to know the last thing you will see ? Cooper hesitates . case sense the jump in he heart rate . case ( cont 'd ) this conversation be make you uncomfortable . we should stop . 57 . cooper no . I want to know . case the last thing you will see before you die will be you child . ( beat ) you mind do this to you to get you to fight a little harder to survive , to try to return to they , even if death be certain . Cooper look away , overcome for a second with emotion . case watch he , gaug he mood , whether he have say too much . int . communications room , endurance Cooper begin recording a message . he look unsure . cooper we have almost reach the wormhole . ( beat ) just in case anything happen , I just want to say ... ( beat ) I love you boy . and I hope whatever you life become , whatever be come you way ... you make the most of it . Cooper stop recording . look at the equipment , think it over . erase the message . stands to leave . as he step to the door he notice brand watch he through the window . she look away . int . observation deck , endurance Cooper step out . brand look up at he . brand we will be able to communicate with Earth even from the far side of the wormhole . Cooper smile , grateful for this small kindness . cooper I know . thank you . brand I can not imagine how tough it would be to leave you kid behind . 58 . cooper you never have any ? I think I be a pariah for only have two . brand hard to settle down when you have spend you life wait to leave the planet . Cooper look at the holographic model of the black hole system . the ice planet look precariously balanced , orbit the smaller black hole . cooper strange place to look for a new home . brand you would not want to get too close to the surface of the sun , either . Black hole be a more stable supply of power than star in many way . cooper you really think there 's a plan ? brand I hope so . ( look at he ) you do not ? cooper I guess I just think we be on we own . Cooper look at the impossibly complicated system of black hole orbit each other . ext . lagrange point , space behind the ship , the sun be a distant light , not much bigger than the other star . case ( o.s. ) we have reach the wormhole . the ship slow as it near a tiny , crystal mouth , just four meter or so in diameter . int . observation deck , endurance case look at the wormhole on the screen . it glow with the light of star billion of light - year away . case deploy the comm relay . 59 . Cooper move to the communication touchscreen . ext . endurance the relay be release from the ship , and we finally get a look at tar ' paint job -- the stubby device look like a 20th century mail box . the relay drift in space . a signal light illuminate as it send a test packet of data to the ship . int . observation deck , endurance Cooper watch the comm screen . after a moment it tone as it receive a data packet from Earth . case everyone take they station for transit . we be head into the wormhole mouth . Cooper and the rest begin fold away equipment in the control room and move into the outer layer of the ship . case initiate a sequence on the keypad and the nuclear engine disengage themselves from the ship . ext . endurance , space the nuclear engine drift a safe distance back from the ship and then snap tight on they tether . int . outer hull , endurance the crew move into the tight , claustrophobic outer layer of the ship . they will have very little room as the ship pass through the wormhole . tar detach he leg in order to take up less space during transit . then he tether himself to the hull wall . case be the last to join they . he detach a small control module from the console , then pull himself into the outer hull and seal the passageway . case press a button on the control module . with a groan , the hull wall of the ship begin to bend . ext . endurance , space the ship 's hull begin to crack open , revealing the inner chamber . 60 . int . outer hull , endurance the shuddering continue . the crew watch nervously as the control chamber below they suddenly open itself to the cold blackness of space . ext . endurance , space the ship silently roll itself into position , point the open in its hull toward the wormhole mouth . slowly , the endurance push itself forward , closer and closer to the crystal - like mouth . finally , it envelop the mouth , bring it into the open chamber . int . outer hull , endurance as the crew watch , the wormhole mouth be position in the center of the inner compartment . case press a sequence key on the control panel and the ship 's hull close again , trapping the wormhole inside it . with a grumble , the ship begin contracting , squeezing itself down around the wormhole mouth . Cooper take a deep breath as the center of the ship begin gently lowering itself into the wormhole mouth , feed itself into the wormhole from the inside out . Cooper watch as doyle be swallow into the compress ship with a grunt . tar would you like I to make a joke ? cooper ( firm ) no . Cooper 's turn : he be feed into the hole , leg first , then waist , torso , and , finally , he head . ext . space the endurance shrink as it sink from the inside out into the wormhole . after a moment , it 's go . the only thing leave behind be the comm relay , drift in space , wait for a signal . int . outer hull , endurance the ship continue to slide through the wormhole . through the outer hull they see image of themselves repeat -- a trick of the narrow collar of space they be sink through . Cooper smile at himself . the experience be unnerve . 61 . cooper where be we ? roth ( smiling ) nowhere . nowhere at all . nowhere be still pretty damn claustrophobic . case the hull be intact . thirty more second transit . for a moment , the ship slide gently , silently , through the wormhole . the quiet be eery . suddenly , a point of distortion appear in the hull next to Cooper . it look like someone be push against the hull of the ship with a giant finger . cooper something 's happen to the hull over here . case Hull integrity be fine . the distortion move along the hull , grow in diameter . cooper well , I do not know what you display be tell you but something be happen over here . suddenly , along the hull , doyle speak up , panicked . doyle I have get a problem over here , too . doyle be watch a separate distortion move across the inner wall of the ship . this one seem to be twisting the material of the hull . suddenly , the point in front of Cooper detach itself from the outer wall and move through the space in front of he , bend the empty space itself , distorting the ship behind it like a sphere - shape magnify glass . doyle ( cont 'd ) it 's not the hull ... it 's inside the ship ... it 's ... roth ( smile ) it 's beautiful . 62 . roth watch as the distortion move through the ship . his curiosity do not make anyone else feel any better . doyle what the hell be they , case ? case I do not know . it could be gravitational turbulence . the twist sphere in front of doyle begin to grow . doyle it 's get bigger . doyle put up he hand to defend himself . the sphere absorb it , twist doyle 's hand . doyle cry out . his hand be twisted completely around , impossibly mangle . but doyle , hyperventilate , be not in any pain . roth it 's not bend you hand . it 's bend the space around you hand . the sphere begin to pass through doyle 's body . doyle be freaking out . the sphere in front of Cooper make contact with he , also . he hold he breath as it touch he , squeezing and distorting he body . brand this be not turbulence . look at the way they be move -- it 's like something 's examine we . Cooper watch the sphere distort he arm , run along the length of it . cooper can you ask it to stop ? suddenly , as quickly as they appear , the distortion vanish . for a moment , the crew be silent , still spellbound by the encounter . a alarm sound . suddenly , the inner chamber begin to distort from a spherical shape to bispherical : two sphere join . the ship groans as if it 's be pull apart . roth the wormhole be split into two path . Radiation be pour from one path to the other . 63. case stare at the control . decide . case release the second mouth . doyle none of we testing involved open the ship inside the wormhole . we have no idea what might happen . case we be go to find out . doyle reach over to a auxiliary panel and punch in a sequence . after a moment , the hull crack open , create a channel through which the radiating mouth can escape . the open in the ship allow the pressure to begin to concentrate on one fracture point . the ship shudder as it 's squeeze along its axis . case punch in a code and the ship begin to close again , painstakingly slowly . finally , the ship calm as it close around the original wormhole . case ( cont 'd ) we be reach the far end of the wormhole . suddenly , the wormhole mouth begin to grow inside the inner chamber . what be a ball of light spread out into a black canvas studd with point of light -- like look into the universe through the wrong end of a telescope . Cooper press himself against the wall and hold on as the hull beneath he open outward . ext . warped side of the universe the endurance emerge from the opposite end of the wormhole from the inside out . it drift in space . int . observation deck , endurance for a moment , the crew be silent , take it in . roth look at that . roth be look through the translucent panel on the hull . they be on the warpe side of the universe . 64 . ext . wormhole mouth , warped side of the universe the vista be dazzle -- a ocean of massive star and black hole , some adorn with jet and brilliant gas disk . at the center , like a king at the center of he court , be gargantua , plasma jet spew from its pole . int . observation deck , endurance the crew pull themselves back into the control deck from the outer hull . they incredible surroundings be visible in all direction as endurance pass the light into the cabin . case reconfigure the engine and test the communication array . the crew break themselves away from the view and get to work . roth begin adapt he model of the local system with the real observational data pour in from the ship 's instrument . Cooper pull himself to the comm post . ping the relay they leave on the far side of the wormhole . ext . wormhole mouth ' a ' , space the blue and white comm relay light up as it receive a packet through the wormhole . int . endurance after a nervous moment , the comm computer tone with a response -- they be still in touch with the Earth . cooper it 's work . tar finish reeling the nuclear engine back in from they tether and lock they into place . roth 's update model appear on the monitor . brand stare at it , startle . brand we be move . doyle that 's not possible . we have not activate the engine yet . the ship 's skin illuminate , overlay a plotted course on top of the view . 65 . they be move , very rapidly , on a course that lead directly between the black hulk of gargantua and pantagruel . case roth . why be we move ? roth look at the star , then back to he model . roth the smaller black hole . we be much closer to it than the model predict . we be be pull by its swirl . very quickly . the crew look out through the hull . they be be pull into pantagruel 's swirl -- a glitter disc of matter spin at high speed around the hole . doyle look behind they . the wormhole mouth be rapidly grow smaller . case doyle . Fire the engine . now . the ship 's engine FIRE , strain to fight the irresistible pull of the supermassive black hole . they will not be able to fight it for long . doyle we be be pull into it ? roth no . I do not think so ... roth look at the instrumentation for a moment . roth ( cont 'd ) it appear to be pull we on exactly the trajectory we modell . if we try to fight it , we could push ourselves off of that trajectory . doyle you do not know that . case stare ahead into the darkness . roth we should turn off the engine . let the swirl take we . doyle ( frantic ) listen to I . ( more ) 66 . doyle ( cont 'd ) if the modell be wrong , then we can not be sure about anything . we need to go back . case think it over . decide . case shut down the engine . the engine shut down . silence . the ship drift for a moment in the swirl , then begin to move . ext . endurance the ship accelerate as it be pull by the irresistible force of the black hole onto a inspirale orbit . int . observation deck , endurance the crew watch as the ship hurtle around the black hole at higher and higher speed . the sky overhead begin to spin due to they motion -- faster and faster until it become a blur . the ship begin to groan as it appear to be pull in two different direction . the ship be now speed around the black hole at incredible speed -- one revolution every four second . the crew be suddenly slammed against the hull in opposite direction -- some towards the black hole , some towards the opposite side . roth look at he model , which show the project path of the ship . it look perilously close to the event horizon . roth it 's the tidal gravity cause by the black hole . it mean we be right on the critical orbit . the comm screen light up , toning again and again , as it receive a long garble update . then it shut down . Cooper drag himself along the hull until he reach the control . cooper we have lose contact with the relay . case join Cooper at the comm screen . while they be distract , doyle maneuver himself over to the engine control . 67 . cooper ( cont 'd ) one long garble transmission come in . then nothing . case look at the screen . suddenly , the ship be jolted as the engine fire at full power . the crew look over . doyle be stand by the control . doyle I be sorry . I can not let you kill we . we have to go back . the engine strain to fight the swirl -- but they be hopelessly outgun by the gravity of the black hole . ext . endurance instead of reversing course , the endurance begin to speed up , as it plummet closer and closer to the black hole . int . observation deck , endurance doyle 's face sink as he watch the control -- on the ' volcano ' model , the ship be now pass the crest and spiraling towards destruction . he have make a tragic mistake . doyle why be not it slow down ? roth we be be pull towards the event horizon . alarm begin sounding throughout the ship as the project course on roth 's model shift , show the endurance be push up the rim , past the critical orbit and down towards the black hole 's event horizon . case take control of the ship , try to fire the engine forward to speed they back up to safety , but it 's too late . case ( calm ) the engine do not have enough power to push we back . roth they would if we use it all at once . Cooper be still try to understand what roth mean as tar lock himself into the engine compartment . 68 . cooper what be he do ? brand save we . tar tear open the engine 's control panel and begin override it . ext . endurance tar rip out the cool circuitry . then , hold on tight , he fire the engine . int . observation deck , endurance the crew watch as tar hold the engine , blast it at full power into the swirl . the engine heat up white - hot . roth Prime the remain engine . when he detonate it , we will only have a few second . if we overshoot we could be pull into the bigger hole . roth move to the control . case secure yourselves . the ship should be able to withstand the blast . cooper what about tar ? as the crew watch , tar continue to hold the engine even as the case around it begin to melt . finally , it explode . ext . space tar be throw backwards from the explosion , tumble through space as the ship be rocketed upwards . int . endurance the ship be slammed by the explosion . Cooper and the rest of the crew be smashed against the hull . doyle be knock unconscious . brand step over to he and cradle he head , try to protect he . on roth 's model , the course slowly push outward , out of the danger zone , back to the original delicate orbit . as they near the original orbit , case fire the remain engine , push they back onto the outspirale orbit . 69 . case it 's go to be close , but we be go to make it . brand look at the instrument . point to a tiny radar contact recede towards the massive black hole . brand tar . his transponder be still work . the ship 's instrument tone every few second as it communicate with tar ' onboard computer . roth he 's be pull toward gargantua . we can not help he . the crew watch , helpless , as the tone grow further and further apart . then they stop . Cooper look at doyle , anger rise . then he look down . ext . space around pantagruel the endurance slowly spiral back away from pantagruel , the sky slow as the orbit grow longer . finally , a tiny speck of light appear in front of the ship . int . observation deck , endurance roth watch as the endurance race back away from the black hole and into a perfect orbit around a tiny ice planet . roth look up from he screen , smile . roth we be here . int . observation deck , endurance as roth and doyle study the freeze planet below , Cooper try in vain to signal the relay on the Earth side of the wormhole . brand and case be have a private conversation away from everyone else . Cooper walk over . cooper I still can not contact the relay . brand ignore he at first . she nod at case . 70 . cooper ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? we be not able to communicate back home . she wave he off . but she look shake by something . brand I have already check it . it 's electromagnetic interference . we will try again in a few hour . Cooper begin to ask she what 's wrong , but she move off . roth look up from he monitor , excited . roth I have get a signal . but it 's local . a familiar chirp play over the ship 's speaker . roth ( cont 'd ) the remain probe . we find they . she look at the monitor . the probe ping the ship with they location , which pop up on the monitor . they be all cluster in one spot . cooper how could they all have land in the same place ? roth ( smile ) let 's go find out . case program a course that will lock the ship in orbit above the probe on the surface . ext . space above ice planet the ship settles into orbit a few hundred kilometer above the surface of the ice planet . it can not get any closer : the space below it be choke with hundred of tiny moon -- a cruder version of saturn 's ring . the moon be hurtle around the planet at high speed . int . airlock , endurance brand usher doyle into the landing module . Cooper object . cooper we be bring he along ? 71 . brand we need all the help we can get . besides , the alternative be to leave he on the ship alone . you think he will still be here when we get back ? Cooper step aside , allow doyle onboard . ext . space above ice planet the lander detach from endurance , roll over on its belly , and fire thruster to sink towards the planet 's surface . int . lander the crew watch , fascinate , as the ship descend , navigate between the moon that hurtle past . the moon be vastly different than we own ; potato shape and only one to two mile in circumference , they be hugge in a close embrace with the ice planet , only a few hundred thousand foot from the surface . ext . surface , ice planet -- night the lander touch down on the ghostly surface of the planet . ext . surface , ice planet -- night after a moment , the hatch hiss open and the team step out , lead by case , hold a rifle . the team set out , move slowly in they cumbersome suit . lit by the nebula , the surroundings be a little brighter than a full moon on Earth . not that there 's much to look at . they be stand on a sea of ice , which spread for mile . in the distance , small rock formation break through the ice . brand take a surface read of the ice . brand ( radio ) the probe be right . look like significant amount of oxygen trap in the ice . case lead the way , draw by a signal only he can hear . he walk fifty yard , then stop on a gentle slope that lead down into a small valley . 72 . case the other probe should be directly beneath we . case and the other begin digging into the hillside . Cooper be draw to a small mound in the middle of the valley , four foot high . he take out a small fold shovel and begin scraping at the ice and snow . case hit something solid . but it 's not a probe . he dig around a little more , then reach up and hack away at the hillside , revealing the outline of something metal : a door . they be not stand at the base of a hill -- it 's a shelter . the crew stand back , unsure what to make of it . a few foot away , Cooper cut enough of the mound away to reveal something flexible -- fabric cake with ice . he scrape away the snow , revealing a bright patch of red fabric : it 's the flag of the people 's Republic of China . brand how could the chinese have get here first ? the federal government keep the wormhole a secret . case shrug . he have a soldier 's gallow humor about he old employer 's ability to keep anything a secret . case they do not do a very good job . case reach for the door of the shelter . it 's seal shut with ice . he wrench it open . int . control module , chinese base camp -- night case step into the shelter , follow by the rest of the crew . his light pick up several year worth of dust . case step up to a equipment locker . force it open . Inside be half a dozen black probe . expose to light , the probe begin toning like the one Cooper find in Texas . doyle the chinese must have capture they . so they could not return to we . the crew stare at the probe for a moment , take it in . brand then how do the probe that Cooper find return ? 73. roth the more immediate question be what happen to the chinese expedition . there 's no sign of they ship in orbit . and they never return to earth . roth pick up a ancient vacuum seal package of pickle egg . virtually none of the ration have be eat . ext . valley , ice planet -- night Cooper and brand scrape ice from one of the other small hill surround the valley , revealing another structure . Cooper force the door open . int . barracks , chinese base camp , ice planet -- night Cooper and brand let themselves in . the shelter be well stock with food and equipment . brand be take reading with a radiation detector . brand the whole place have be dose with huge level of radiation . what happen here ? Cooper look at the piece of a modular , one - person rocket , a last - ditch mean of escape , store , untouched in the shelter . he step back , realize something . cooper this be the taichung mission . brand the Mars mission ? the chinese claim it have be destroy on landing . Cooper look over the relay log . cooper they never land . not on Mars . four human crew , fifteen robot . the log say the base have be here for thirty year . case 's familiar voice come through the radio . case ( o.s. ) I have find something . 74 . int . utility module , chinese base camp -- night the structure be fill with drilling equipment . Cooper and the rest of the team stand at the edge of a three - foot hole that have be drill into the ice . a descend rig be anchore to the top of the hole . doyle and case struggle to pull themselves out of the hole . doyle it go down for a hundred and fifty foot , then stop . tunnel 's old -- the ice have reform at the bottom . brand I be go to descend to take some sample . Cooper , want to make yourself useful ? Cooper begin to say something , then bite he tongue . ext . lander -- night Cooper emerge , load down with several container of brand 's equipment . as he struggle through the wind and snow , he radio pick up data chatter between the mother ship and case . the comm be just noise . after a moment , case 's voice cut in . case ( o.s. ) get back here , Cooper . we have get a problem . Cooper continue to wade through the snow . suddenly , he trip over something , drop the equipment . Cooper look back . he trip on a white plastic post stick out of the snow . he dust it off , to reveal a picture of a chinese taikonaut smile in he flight suit . this be a grave marker . Cooper sweep he hand through the snow , revealing three more white post with picture . the entire human crew have be bury here . int . utility module , chinese base camp -- night roth and case be look at a portable monitor , show a projection of the nearby system -- the ice planet be a speck orbit the local black hole . cooper the entire human crew be bury out there in the snow . 75 . roth look up from the monitor and assess the situation with he usual detachment . roth I think I know what kill they . this planet be not the only thing orbit this black hole . roth zoom the monitor in , revealing a tiny , impossibly - bright object appear at the horizon of the black hole . roth ( cont 'd ) it 's a neutron star . the black hole shield the planet 's surface from it for twenty hour at a stretch . time 's about up . even brand look rattle . brand how long do we have leave ? roth about five minute . cooper then what ? brand then we die . the radiation will cook we alive . Cooper look around , they predicament settling in . case walk over to the edge of the mine shaft . case we have to go down . cooper what about return to the ship ? brand not enough time . case be right . the ice can shield we from some of the x-ray . doyle it would take a thousand foot of ice to shield we . brand give up on the argument , shed she equipment and clip herself to the line to follow case down into the ice . Cooper look at doyle , then follow she . 76 . int . ice mine shaft -- night Cooper descend into the shaft . the only light be from he suit 's light array . he reach the bottom of the shaft , which open into a small cave , the ice ribbed in wave - like pattern like the seafloor . cooper what be this ? brand a pocket form by gas . there may be more below . the ice below they reveal nothing but murky blackness . case have find some of the equipment leave behind by the chinese -- a battery - power drill and a pick . doyle we will never make it far enough down . brand shut up . how much time do we have , roth ? roth check he watch with he usual detachment . roth about three minute or so until we be fully expose . the rad meter brand be hold begin to chirp with activity -- the radiation level be rise . the ice will not be enough to protect they . Cooper see that brand have exhaust herself with the pick . he take over for she . the drill that case be operate groans as the thirty - year - old battery run out of charge . case cast it aside and begin smashing at the ice with he bare hand . brand be look at the wall of the ice pocket , look for fissure . her light pick out something in the ice . she look closer : tiny black fleck . brand , ever the scientist , forget they predicament and begin chipping at the ice . brand I have find something . case continue to pummel the ice with he hand , which be badly smashed . 77 . he pull off the hand and continue to hack away at the ice with the stump , try to save he crew . brand be examine a piece of ice in she hand , which contain several black fleck . as she shine she light on they , they fluoresce , give off a tiny flicker of light , like a firefly . brand step back . brand ( cont 'd ) this thing ... they be alive . roth join she , look down at the tiny creature trap in the ice . brand shine she flashlight over the ice again , but nothing happen . roth take the depth meter dangle by a lanyard from brand 's suit . roth it 's not you light they be respond to . it 's this -- roth take the depth meter and wave it over the ice . suddenly , the black fleck begin to shine . brand x-ray . they feed on they and emit visible light . they have find a way to survive here . roth look at the shimmer light of the tiny life - form trap in the ice , mesmerize . case hammer down with he arm , gouging a deep hole in the ice below . suddenly , gas spray back up at he . he 's find the gas pocket beneath they . too late . roth 's rad meter begin beeping frantically . ext . ice planet -- alien dawn overhead , a tiny ball be orbit into view from the dark side of the black hole -- the neutron STAR . its humble size bely its power . as its ray hit the ice , the ice crackle with energy . int . ice mine shaft -- alien dawn brand step back from the ice in awe as it begin to glow . the microbe be absorb the x-ray and emit light . within second , they be bath in a incredible glow . even Cooper stop , awed by the beauty of the display . only case be unmove , continue to smash at the ice with the break end of he wrist . 78 . brand ( look at rad meter ) they be absorb most of the x-ray . roth not enough , unfortunately . suddenly , a crack as case punch into the ice . Cooper look down -- a great fissure have open in the ice beneath they . cooper case , wait -- case punch again . suddenly , with a great bang , the ice floor disintegrate beneath they . they fall into the darkness . int . cavern -- alien dawn Cooper fall . for a moment , the only light he can see be from case , fall calmly a few yard beneath he . as they fall , the light from the microbe trap in the ice above sweep across the inside of the cavern , illuminate the floor of the massive cavern thousand of foot down . the rock formation they see on the surface be actually the tip of a mountain range extend into the distance , disappear into the ice above as if it be cloud cover . the base of the mountain be cover in a thick jungle - like foliage that run into a perfectly - still inland sea . on the far side of the sea , another mountain range stretch into the distance , support the thick ice and rock cavern roof . Cooper only have a few second to take this in -- he be fall towards the huge inland sea below . second before impact , a tiny warning light flicker on inside he helmet : impact detected . suddenly , a small drag chute explode from a panel on the back of suit , slow he fall . airbag explode on he leg and torso to cushion the impact . Cooper smashes into the water . blackness . ext . underwater -- day Cooper come to underwater , as liquid be flow into he suit from he shattered helmet . 79 . bubbles pour out from he suit and Cooper gasp as he helmet fill with water and he begin to sink . as he sink , Cooper pull off he helmet , then tear off piece of he suit . he force himself through the neck of the suit and then swim upward . he be about to surface when he remember where he be . he hesitates , just beneath the surface , lung tightening as he run out of oxygen . ext . sea , ice planet -- day Cooper break the surface , cough out water , and take a panicked breath . he wait . nothing happen . he open he mouth again and breathes in almost pure oxygen . he can breathe . tread water , he look around . spot light in the water below nearby -- brand , in she suit , be sink . he dive down and struggle to haul she up by the suit . Cooper break the surface , look at brand . her mask be also break . cooper breathe . trust I . she refuse at first . Water be bubbling into she suit through the open mask . finally , she take a deep breath . cooper ( cont 'd ) you suit be fill with water . I be not go to be able to hold it much longer . I be go to let go . brand 's eye widen . brand what do you mean , you be go to let go ? cooper take a deep breath . brand take a deep breath and Cooper let go of she . ext . underwater -- day brand sink . Cooper swim down , follow she , rip away at she suit . the tear - away seal on she suit be stick fast , damage in the fall . 80 . Cooper finally break they off . brand pull herself out , free , and they swim for the surface . ext . shore , ice planet -- day Cooper drag himself out of the water and onto the beach . he turn back to offer brand a hand . she wave he off . brand I do not need you help . cooper I think we be suppose to be a collective organism . she give up and let he help she out of the water . they sit together , soaking wet , try to catch they breath . brand thank you . cooper do not mention it . Cooper feel the rock beneath he , which be translucent , like glass , and polished to a impossible shine . he look up to see case drag roth and doyle , still in they suit , out of the water . ext . shore , ice planet -- day doyle and roth have stripped down from they suit and be breathe in the pure oxygen atmosphere . case and Cooper be pull modular piece from they equipment pack to form a small shelter . brand be take reading with she instrument . brand oxygen atmosphere . pure water . temperate climate . ( to cooper ) you still think this be a coincidence ? Cooper look at the tree line , less convinced . cooper look like we can climb up the mountain back to the ice . we be down to three suit . we will have to send someone ahead to get a fourth . 81 . brand I will not need one . doyle why not ? brand because I be not go anywhere . this be we new home . brand pick up some of she instrument and a sample case and hike into the jungle . ext . shore , ice planet -- day Cooper finish construct the modest shelter . they load the suit and the rest of they gear inside . cooper any sign of brand ? roth she 's still take sample . if you find she , tell she to head back . night should be fall soon . cooper what happen then ? roth you guess be as good as mine . Cooper hike into the jungle to look for brand . ext . jungle , ice planet -- day Cooper find brand take sample from the tree-like life - form , which be wildly different from they counterpart back on Earth , pile in torturous coil , as if freeze in a struggle to punch through the canopy to reach the light above . brand this be incredible . the organism trap in the ice above absorb x- ray and emit light . in return , this plant absorb the light and emit oxygen , which feed the animal trap in the ice . brand cut off a sample and drop it into the case . the transparent wall of the case magnify the structure onto the glass automatically . she compare it with the fleck she collect in the ice above , fascinate . 82. brand ( cont 'd ) look at this . I think they be the same organism at a different stage of the life cycle . ( show he the sample ) it 's fractal . no individual cell -- the structure repeat all the way down . Cooper look at the sample , then continue scan the jungle around they , nervous . cooper any sign of big life -form ? brand the soil 's be disturb . so something 's be move . but I have not see anything . ( notice he look ) Cooper ... be you nervous ? Cooper stop scan the tree , embarrassed . cooper I just think we should get back to the shelter before night fall . overhead , the light from the ice above begin to fade -- the neutron star must have orbite out of view . night be fall . brand ( laughing ) relax . if there be any large organism here , even predatory one , they be not go to attack we -- they have no idea what we be . cooper you do not know that . you just have blind faith this place be go to be some kind of eden . brand stop . he 's strike a nerve . brand ( truly piss off ) faith have nothing to do with it . you know what you be , Cooper ? you be just another in a long line of people say ' no . ' that this be not go to work . and frankly , I do not have to convince you . 83. cooper what 's that suppose to mean ? brand you be on this mission because you be another pair of hand . you want the truth ? I tell case we should bring another robot over you . at least then I could just reprogram you to - she stop . something have catch she attention . cooper what ? brand nothing . I just -- I could have swear it just move . she walk to the thick , knotted trunk of a tree . put a hand on it . overhead , the ice flicker out and the darkness begin to descend , more rapidly than on Earth . suddenly , the tree shudder . then , the bark begin to ooze over brand 's finger . brand snap she hand away and step back . even for she , this be too much . she turn back to Cooper , who be look at the jungle around they , spook . cooper you know how plant do not usually move ? be that a universal rule ? brand no . there really be not any rule . all around they , the life - form begin to melt toward the ground , break down into different , smaller form . brand ( cont 'd ) ( try to stay calm ) remember , we be the alien . Cooper step back as several piece of the nearest tree drop onto the ground and begin scuttling toward he . brand ( cont 'd ) hold very still . do not make any sudden movement . two of the piece join together , stack themselves up and staggering toward he . 84 . a third piece climb onto the first two , look for a good place to hang on . after a moment it hunker down on top , form a crude head . thirty eye-like structure blink open on the creature . the skin of the life - form begin to flicker with a dim light like the animal trap in the ice above , bathing Cooper and brand in a warm glow . the creature creep closer to they , take they in . Cooper try he best to seem non-threatening . cooper hello there . the creature lurch toward he on three leg , then its head split open and it bellows . cooper ( cont 'd ) ok . now we run . brand do not argue . they turn and sprint through the tree . ext . jungle -- night Cooper and brand smash headlong through the jungle . at first , they be run from the rumbling , smash melee behind they . but as they run , the entire jungle around they begin to break apart and move . after a moment , they be surround . the jungle be completely disassembling itself into a million different piece , each one a different size and shape than the other . cooper we have to reach the shelter . they head off , crash through the melee . ext . shore , ice planet -- night case , doyle and roth be stand in front of the shelter finish the day 's work . doyle turn around . the jungle be break apart and crawl down the beach towards they . doyle I think we have get a problem . case and roth look up to see the organism pick up speed as they move towards they . roth begin to step out towards they . 85 . roth fascinating . I think - case grab he by the arm and push he bodily into the shelter after doyle . case push the door close . int . shelter , ice planet -- night they crouch inside the shelter as the organism begin pounding at the wall , try to force they way inside . it 's go to be a long night . ext . jungle , ice planet -- night ahead , Cooper can see the gleam water of the inland sea , light still flicker in patch from the ice above it . cooper this way . brand begin to follow . brand no ... wait . too late . Cooper force he way between two writhe creature , step through , and fall ... ext . waterfall -- night Cooper gasp as he surface from the ice- cold water . brand float past . the river appear to flow randomly down the slope , with good reason -- the forest rearrange itself every night . ahead , the ground drop away again and the water rush over it in a torrent . Cooper catch himself at the last minute , grab a thick tree branch with one hand and , a second later , brand with the other as she slide past . cooper I have get you . suddenly , the branch in Cooper 's hand illuminate and wrench itself out of the rock -- it 's a limb of a huge colony organism . it shake Cooper loose and they fall again ... 86 . ext . pool -- night brand surface first . she grab Cooper and haul he up and out of the water . she smile down at he , a little smug . brand I have get you . creature begin splash down into the pool behind they , as if imitate they . Cooper stumble to he foot and brand guide they backward into a small cave carve into the rock above the pool . int . cave -- night brand crack a glow stick , bask the cave around they in a soft light . as they watch , horrify , the pool and the rock in front of the cave fill up with creature of all size , as they tumble down the hill in what appear to be a battle royal . for a moment , it look like brand and Cooper may go unnotice . then , a three - foot-tall creature with a dozen leg creep its way toward the entrance to the cave . another follow , and another , until the cave entrance be full . Cooper look around the cave , frantic . he pick up a rock . brand , scared but still think , take the rock from he hand and drop it back to the ground . brand it 's game theory . the best move be always to cooperate at first . cooper by " cooperate " do you mean let it eat I ? brand this organism have no interest in we . they survive by photosynthesis . all they need be light . cooper then why be they kill each other ? brand I do not know . ( look around ) but we be outnumber , Cooper . so unless you have a better idea , I suggest we make nice . 87 . the creature move toward they hesitantly , then faster . Cooper stand stock still as the creature gather around he . several of they join up into bigger animal to get a better look at he . one of they wrap itself around he chest and begin prodding at he shoulder , then he neck . cooper ( try to be calm ) what be it do ? brand it 's a colony organism . it 's try to incorporate you into its structure . cooper I do not want it to incorporate I . brand do not open you mouth . cooper why N - as he speak , the creature on he chest extend four spindly , point feeler and reach gently into he mouth . Cooper hold he breath as the organism tap against he tooth . its skin have a roughen texture , as if incomplete , and it appear to be search for the same texture on Cooper 's skin , without much luck . bore , the life -form climb back down off of Cooper . the last two creature link up in a imitation of Cooper 's lower body and attempt to walk across the room like a human . after a moment , the creature tumble to the ground and flail away . Cooper be still breathe hard as the cave empty and he and brand be leave alone again . brand step to the edge of the cave and watch , fascinate , as the creature resume wrestle and battle each other . cooper ( cont 'd ) they be kill each other . brand no . they do not bleed ... they do not die ... they be just compete ... try out different shape , look for the best one . 88. Cooper watch as a hideously - awkward - look , five - legge beast stumble past and tackle another animal . cooper I would say they have a long way to go . brand ( amazed ) they do this every night . as they watch , a two - foot - long creature with one huge claw scuttle along the ground , grab smaller opponent and smash they apart , then sorting through the wreckage and adopt some of the writhe part as its own . something about the movement be endear , the way it experiment with each piece -- less like a massacre and more like a over - caffeinate self - assemble erector set . suddenly , a massive , lumber creature smashes down in front of the claw beast . no match , the smaller creature turn to scuttle away . too slow . the larger organism bring one club-like limb smash down on top of it . after a moment , it lift its claw -- the two animal have become one . the new organism lumber away through the jungle , happily snap its new claw at larger opponent . brand ( cont 'd ) the behavior change as the animal get bigger and bigger . more sophisticated . more calculate . two of the larger organism square off , circle each other , light pulsing up and down they body in a fierce display . cooper but what be they compete for ? brand I do not know . brand shiver -- it 's get colder . int . cave -- night brand and Cooper huddle around a small chemical fire they have bring with they . brand look at the sample of the fractal wildlife in she case . it 's move around , split apart , reforming , try to find a way out . 89 . brand this creature be billion of year older than we be . but they be relatively primitive . they have not develop tool , culture , language . cooper why not ? brand I do not know . no one know how intelligent life begin on Earth . but the surface of this planet have virtually no crater . no impact . it 's be shelter by the local black hole . cooper what difference would that make ? brand maybe not enough have go wrong here . maybe bad luck be the key to intelligent life . cooper ( quietly ) Murph 's Law . brand exactly . maybe we interaction with they will push they over the top . maybe that 's part of the plan . cooper ( shake he head ) the plan . brand why be it so hard for you to accept that someone might be try to help we ? Cooper be silent for a moment . his mood darken . cooper I be in Denver during the first year of the famine . I be just a kid . we keep wait for someone to come help we . people starve to death sit on the ground , wait for someone to come . ( more ) 90 . cooper ( cont 'd ) ( look at she ) I only make it because I realize that nobody be come to save we . we be on we own . Cooper look away . the memory be never that far away . cooper ( cont 'd ) honestly ? after the thing I see ... you want to know why I do not believe that someone would be try to help we ? because I be not sure we be worth save . they sit in silence for a while . ext . cave -- night Cooper sleep . after a moment , brand step back out into the darkness . ext . plain -- dawn brand exhales great stream of frost breath -- the temperature be well below freezing . the first flicker of light be visible in the ice above . the creature be huge now , forty or fifty foot tall , battle each other more and more slowly . as brand watch , the large of they beat down he rival , climb to the top of the heap . just as the beast reach the top , it freeze , as if stick . above , the ice begin to shine brighter and brighter . suddenly , the beast on top break apart , unfurl into plane to catch the light . this be what the contest have be about -- a better place in the sun . brand take it in . ext . jungle -- day Cooper and brand pick they way they way through the foliage , which be now perfectly still , absorb the light . Cooper look at the plant , wary . brand see he trepidation and laugh at he . brand they be not go to move now , Cooper . they need to spread themselves as thin as they can to absorb the light . 91 . Cooper lead the way , push through the tree . suddenly he stop again . brand , annoyed , push through the foliage to join he . brand ( cont 'd ) Cooper , honestly , you be a bit of a- she stop . Cooper be stand at a sheer cliff . spread out on the plain below be a massive , fortify base . int . chinese fortified colony -- day massive blast door , long since smashed in , open onto a building that have be overrun by the local fractal wildlife . case step inside first , he worklight flicker on . Cooper and the other follow he in . int . mess hall , chinese colony -- day the room be barely recognizable -- the fractal life have cover the table and chair . Water pool on the floor and light stream in from a massive hole the fractal animal have punch in the ceiling . doyle look like the chinese pick a fight with the local . cooper look like they lose . they continue through the ruin . int . barracks , chinese colony -- day the deeper they go , the less fractal wildlife they find . the barrack be pristine -- hundred of perfectly make bed , wait for colonist who never come , like one of the bunker the federal government use to keep in case of nuclear winter . doyle look at the size of this place . they build it for thousand of people . but no one come . brand look around , determine . brand they will . we can salvage it . this place will save we year . 92 . cooper but why do not they come ? brand ( shrug ) the chinese government collapse , same as ours . the people who know about this mission probably die year ago . we have the same problem . roth find a sign he like the look of -- it point to the science level . int . laboratory , chinese colony -- day a massive door grind open and the team step into a massive complex of underground laboratory . int . damaged lab , chinese colony -- day Cooper and the other carefully make they way through a lab that have be completely emptied -- no desk , no chair , nothing . the only thing that remain be a solid ball of matter in the center of the room . brand what happen here ? roth stare at the ball , intrigue . roth they be testing something . Cooper look at the wall , which be bow inwards . cooper test what ? roth be look at the ball , which appear to have be build from layer of different material . the outermost layer be flatten steel . cooper ( cont 'd ) ( looking closer ) be that a chair ? roth look . the outermost layer of the ball indeed look like a steel chair , flatten with incredible force onto surface of the ball . brand open the door to the next lab . 93. int . laboratory , chinese colony -- night the lab be empty , except for a large metal sphere on a pedestal in the center of the room . a black box be set into a cavity in the sphere , wire to a control panel . Cooper look at the wall of the room , which have be bow inwards , as if some great force have be pull from the center of the room . cooper everything in here be bolt down . ( look at sphere ) what do you think this thing do ? roth ( excite ) let 's find out . roth find a control panel . wipe off a inch of dust and begin tinkering with the control . cooper I would not turn it on until we can figure out what it do , roth . roth continue to look over the control , oblivious . brand ( o.s. ) Cooper . come look at this . brand call out from the hallway . int . stairwell , chinese colony -- day Cooper follow brand 's voice down the stair to a sub-basement beneath the lab level . int . observatory , chinese colony -- day Cooper step into a huge space fill with a near perfect holographic representation of the local system . Cooper join brand and doyle in the map , look at the incredibly detailed model of each star . case be stand at a terminal , hack into the camp 's record . case I have find the chinese mission log . they be encrypt . Cooper walk over . look over the terminal . 94 . cooper Old military - grade encryption . it 's not very robust . ( look at case ) no offense . hang on . Cooper punch a few key into the terminal . open up the terminal . scan the motherboard . take case 's rifle and smashes one of the chip on the board . the terminal come to life . Cooper hand case he rifle . cooper ( cont 'd ) that should open up most of it . case be silent for a beat , parsing the information . case they get here twenty year ago . the human crew be kill by radiation the first day . but the robot survive . they build the colony and radioe home . but they do not receive a response . cooper no one be listen . case ( scan document ) after a few year they discover a problem . doyle what problem ? case it do not say . they science team take the ship to continue explore the system . it say they find some kind of ... ( translating ) ... the word literally mean ' treasure . ' case skim through the rest of the log , large portion of which have be redact . case ( cont 'd ) the science team return after five year with a new technology . they begin the experiment upstairs , then they leave again and never return . 95 . brand where do they go ? case I do not know . they have delete they mission plan . there 's nothing else . doyle I think I know what the problem be . doyle be manipulate the time component of the map , slow down the passage of time , reversing it , speed it up . doyle ( cont 'd ) look . doyle speed up the map until the ice planet be nearly a blur , speed in its orbit around pantagruel . doyle ( cont 'd ) there 's a small black hole move into the system . too small for we to have see in we survey . it 's not go to hit the planet , but it 's go to come close . a tiny black hole soar through the system . although it miss the ice planet , it deflect its orbit by a tiny degree . after a dozen more orbit , the ice planet dip down close to pantagruel 's event horizon and be tear apart . brand and the other watch as the sequence rewind and repeat -- the planet be piece back together again and eject , then pull back in and tear apart . over and over . doyle ( cont 'd ) this place be not paradise . it 's doom . just like we . the crew stand , watch the sequence in stunne silence . cooper how long do this place have ? case a few year . a decade at most . doyle turn to brand . doyle so much for the plan . Cooper look at brand . she be in disbelief , stare as a lifetime 's training and optimism be tear to piece . 96 . brand but I do not understand ... why be we here ? what be we here for ? Cooper look down . brand 's upset be turn to anger . brand ( cont 'd ) what the hell be we here for ? I train my whole life to reach this place . she look at Cooper , question . cooper ( gentle ) maybe ... maybe roth 's right ... maybe we just do not understand it yet . she look down . she know he do not believe what he 's say . he 's be right all along -- they be alone . for a tiny moment , all hope be lose . suddenly , with a distant rumble , the building begin shaking . cooper ( cont 'd ) case , what be that ? case it 's nighttime . the native life - form be mobile again . the rumble grow more intense , as if the entire building be be gently shake . cooper no . it 's closer than that . ( realizing ) roth . the rumble grow . as Cooper watch , case 's rifle slide free of the desk . but instead of fall , it simply hang in the air . then he realize the same thing be happen to they -- he boot no longer have traction with the ground . after a second everything in the room be float a inch off of the ground . cooper ( cont 'd ) Quick -- hold onto something . he reach out to brand but it 's too late -- suddenly they be no longer float , they be fall . they be fall up . 97 . Cooper , brand and the rest of they hit the ceiling . Cooper pick himself up and adjust to he surroundings -- up be now down . he help brand up . doyle what the hell be happen ? case do not answer -- he 's look up at the control equipment for the holographic display , which be groaning under a load it be never build to handle . case grab Cooper and brand and push they towards the stairwell as the control panel tear free of the floor and crash towards they . Cooper fall into the stairwell -- now they be be pull up and sideways through the stairwell , like a escher painting . brand push Cooper out of the way as debris from the control panel orbit past they back up towards the lab . they try to hang on but the force be become irresistible , drag they along the wall of the stairwell and back towards the lab upstairs . brand wedge herself against the railing as object and debris be smashing against the door to the lab . doyle be try to hang onto the handrail but he grip slip and he cry out as he fall towards the door to the lab , smashing it open . doyle disappear up and into the lab . Cooper slip try to help doyle . brand reach out for he ... too late . Cooper be pull through the open door . int . intact lab , chinese colony -- night Cooper be pull through the door and past the control panel . he reach out and grab the underside of the panel . he dangle , the panel cut into the meat of he hand , try to get he bearing : roth , doyle , and everything that have not be bolt down be either press against the sphere in the center of the room or be orbit around it . roth , who be laugh , jubilant , shout up to he : roth the control panel be beneath you . see if you can turn it off . 98 . Cooper slip as he try to reach the control . finally he find the control for the machine . cooper ( yell up ) I find it . hold onto something . roth and doyle crawl up the side of the mass and hold onto the support wire . Cooper hit a key on the monitor . suddenly , the room invert again , reverting to a normal gravitational field . Cooper float for a second , then topple back to the ground , along with everything else . brand stumble in to find Cooper sprawle on the floor as roth and doyle hang onto the sphere for dear life . int . intact lab , chinese colony -- night roth , back on terra firma , be look at the tiny black box he 's pried from the center of the sphere . Cooper be look over he shoulder . cooper they find a way to make gravity . roth not make it . adjust it . dial it up , or down . I think they be experiment with it -- fire this into the black hole to try to save this planet . doyle all that from one tiny box . roth have hook the box up to a terminal and it scrolling through the incredibly sophisticated machine code , try to parse how it work . Cooper look on . roth ( amazed ) it barely use any power . I be only beginning to understand what it do but I think it send a signal out into the bulk . it must tap into the same technology that be use to create the wormhole in the first place . cooper what do that mean ? 99 . roth it mean whoever build the wormhole probably do not exist inside we universe . Cooper look at the tiny box . cooper but how do the chinese develop the technology ? this would take decade , maybe hundred of year , to create . case wherever they go , they find something that allow they to build it . brand look at the box . roth they come back here and try to use this device to save this planet . but they do not work . nothing would be strong enough to weaken a black hole . brand maybe we could work with it . try to improve it . roth no . you be miss the bigger picture . the robot have strict mission parameter . they be tell to build a colony and report back . they try to . but they fail . like we they be fixate on this place . Cooper look at brand . roth ( cont 'd ) they do not realize they have already find something that would save we all . ( hold up the box ) this . this be the prize . he hold up the box . roth ( cont 'd ) do not you see ? Earth 's gravity be like a prison . but this be like a master key . ( more ) 100 . roth ( cont 'd ) if we could build more of this , we could turn down the earth 's gravitational field enough to save million of people . we would not have to pick a handful of people to survive . with this we can save everyone . brand and go where ? roth wherever we want . we do not belong in any one place . can not you see that now ? not Earth . not this place . nowhere . if the human race be go to survive , we need to keep move . Split up . spread out . fly . with this , we can . case look at the box . make a decision . case in the morning we be take this and go home . doyle , roth and case set about make preparation to leave -- gather space suit , equipment . in the bustle , Cooper find brand sit alone , stare at the sample of fractal life . cooper I know this be not exactly what you train for . but I think roth might be right . brand that do not help this planet . this creature be doom . unlike we it do not have anywhere to go . the fractal organism almost seem to be look at she , try to comprehend . but it quickly lose interest and go back to break itself into piece and reforming into different shape , try to escape . brand set it back down . CUT to : int . barracks , chinese colony -- day Morning . Cooper and the other prepare to head out . they be laden down with gear -- space suit for the return trip to the lander once they reach the surface . 101 . roth carry the gravitational prototype . ext . entrance , chinese fortified colony -- day they make they way through the ruin entrance . case we need to hurry . we only have a few hour to reach the ice before nightfall . Cooper stop . he put a hand on brand 's shoulder . he point to the tree line . something be move . cooper do not make any sudden movement . they can not hurt we if we be unarm . brand who ? suddenly , three robot marine step out of the jungle , weapon raise . they be wear ghillie suit , piece together from dry dead piece of the local foliage . under they camouflage , they look identical to case . with one key difference -- fade red and gold insignia . case step protectively in front of he team . the chinese officer step forward , rifle levell . chinese officer ni hao . my name be technical sergeant Liu , 177th reconnaissance Marines , Army of the people 's Republic . welcome to New China . ( polite ) please put down you weapon . sergeant Liu speak in the same even tone as case -- they be probably build in the same factory before the war . case keep he rifle raise . case this be a scientific expedition , not a military one . we be make we way back to we ship . liu I be afraid I can not let you do that . we will provide food and shelter and await further instruction . ( more ) 102 . liu ( cont 'd ) we be sorry if this cause you any inconvenience . the sergeant be polite , but firm . brand this planet be be pull into the black hole . we all need to leave . liu we will await further order . cooper further order be not come . you government be go . it run out of money , same as ours . you be on you own . liu we can offer you food and shelter as long as you require . the facility here be quite comfortable . Liu 's tone remain polite , but there 's no hope of change he mind . Cooper take a sidelong glance at brand . cooper ( low ) they be never go to let we go . brand ( to liu ) you mission be a humanitarian one , be not it ? you be send to start a colony . like we . liu we mission be to prepare for the evacuation . this site be deem unacceptable . brand this device that you have build -- this could save million of people . we need to get it back home . brand point to the device roth be hold . the chinese robot seem particularly unhappy with this development . liu this technology be the property of the people 's Republic . ( more ) 103 . liu ( cont 'd ) we have be order to prevent anyone from take they . we have be order to prevent anyone from follow . roth follow ? follow where ? Liu pause . liu we will await further order . roth you name mean six . where do the other go ? one through five ? be that who be not suppose to follow . case turn to look at Cooper . case ( low ) take the other up to the lander . keep go . no matter what happen , do not come back for I . Cooper nod . case move . fast . he fire one shot at the nearest robot , disable it , then hurl himself at the remain two , tackle they both over the edge of the ravine . Cooper watch they disappear into the void below . grab brand and the other . cooper come on . Cooper pick up the rifle from the destroy marine and begin hike up the mountain . ext . mountain peak -- day the crew hike towards the ice above . below they hear a metallic boom as something heavy hit something else -- case be still fight . they keep move . ext . upper mountain peak -- twilight they be high above the Marine camp , only fifty foot or so below the massive ice roof of the cavern . the chinese have blast a tunnel into the ice lead back up to the camp above . 104 . this high , the air be bitterly cold . Cooper and the other be hunkere down , try to keep warm , wait for night to fall so that they can climb back up to the lander without be cook by the neutron star . finally , above they , the light begin to flicker out . the crew begin pull on they space suit . brand check on the fractal wildlife in the sample case -- she be bring it with they . Cooper catch she eye . brand we can not leave they all to die . she heft the case and they begin climb up into the ice . ext . surface , ice planet -- night brand lead the way , the light from she suit cut into the drift of snow as they make they way slowly back to the lander . as they reach the lander Cooper spot light emerge from the ship . he raise case 's weapon . one of Liu 's marine step around from the back of the lander . Cooper fire . the marine collapse . Cooper and the other race to the lander . brand be that the last of they ? doyle we be not go to stick around to count they . let 's get out of here . cooper we be too late . Cooper point to a damage section of the ship 's hull -- the marine have tear open a section , revealing damage hardware . cooper ( cont 'd ) the main thruster fuel supply . we be not go anywhere . Cooper look down . they be stick here . doyle what about the escape rocket at the chinese base camp ? one of we could fit into it . 105 . brand it do not matter how many of we make it . we have to get this back to earth . roth look at the moon orbit overhead . roth can the secondary thruster still fire on the lander ? doyle look over the craft . doyle sure . but we do not have nearly enough power for lift off . roth hold up the small gravity black box . roth ( smile ) yes we do . roth set off run towards the chinese base camp . ext . chinese base camp , ice planet -- night Cooper drag the piece of the escape rocket out from the shelter . Assembly be semiautomatic -- Cooper lift the piece up and they snap together , form a crude two -stage rocket design more for a robot than a man . when it 's complete roth wedge himself inside , clutching the black box -- he barely fit . roth I can reach one of the moon in low orbit and turn up its gravity . as it pass overhead it should be able to slingshot the lander away from the planet 's surface . ( look around ) along with everything else . cooper but we need to take the box back to earth . roth you do not need this -- only the idea . the knowledge of how to build it . Cooper remember something . head back into the shelter . 106 . int . chinese base camp , ice planet -- night roth follow Cooper into the lab . Cooper open the storage crate . pick one of the probe at random . set it down on the bench next to roth . Cooper begin rigging up a connection between the two . cooper I be go to image the operate code and the architecture onto the probe 's hard drive . it will be garble , but it should give you and I enough to rebuild it when we get back . Cooper look at the probe fill up with data . roth not I . but you will make it work . the transfer be complete . roth hand Cooper the probe , and take the black box himself . roth ( cont 'd ) this be a one - way trip for I . before Cooper can respond , roth head for the door . ext . chinese base camp , ice planet -- night roth squeeze himself into the rocket , hugging the black box to he chest . Cooper and brand help he . brand this be not right , roth . we can find a way for all of we to leave . roth this be the only way . keep the lander upright and fire the secondary booster when the moon pass overhead . cooper let I take it . roth no . you need to make it home . you be go to need to build more of this . brand look at he , heartbroken . roth smile . 107 . roth ( cont 'd ) I understand the plan , now . whatever happen , you have to keep explore . keep learn . one good idea be not enough . you will need more and more of they just to survive . do you understand ? brand ( nods ) thank you . roth go. brand turn to follow Cooper back . behind she , roth 's rocket launch on a explosive cloud . in second it 's high overhead . ext . lander -- night Cooper check over the hull , which be intact . doyle be inside look over the control . he step back outside . doyle Control system inside be online . ( look up ) I have lose sight of the rocket . do you think he make it ? cooper we be go to find out soon enough . brand be look off into the distance . brand someone 's come . Cooper look up . a robotlike figure be limping through the snowstorm towards they . Cooper raise the rifle . finally he make out the insignia -- it 's case . Cooper and doyle run out towards he . they reach case as he collapse in the snow . he 's badly injure -- one leg tear off at the knee , one arm mangle . doyle and Cooper drag the crippled robot back into the ship . int . lander -- night they drag case into the lander . doyle check over the ship 's control . 108 . doyle Close the door . Cooper move to the door . something 's wrong . cooper where 's brand ? she 's nowhere to be see . Cooper look out onto the ice . brand be head back out into the snow . cooper ( cont 'd ) dammit . if I do not make it back , just keep go . ( point to probe ) get that thing home . Cooper step to the door . ext . space above ice planet the rocket tuck in close behind one of the moon orbit the ice planet . the rocket fire to maneuver closer and closer to the moon 's surface -- the tiny moon do not provide enough gravity to attract it . when the rocket be close enough , roth detonate the explosive bolt hold he inside and leap for the moon 's surface . he scramble to grab hold of the craggy surface . behind he , the rocket smashes apart against the surface . roth finally get a good hold . he look down . below he , the view be incredible -- the ice planet curving into the distance , gargantua rise over its horizon . roth look at the black box in he hand . ext . surface , ice planet -- night brand be a hundred yard from the lander by the time Cooper catch up with she . she be digging in the snow . he take she arm but she will not go . she finally find what she 's look for -- the sample case . the tiny fractal life - form be huddle at the bottom . Cooper shake he head and turn back to the lander . 109 . ext . moon , space over ice planet roth be watch the ice planet pass by beneath he . he finally see the distant peak of the mountain range as it puncture the ice near the chinese camp . for a moment he enjoy the view -- the distant hulk of gargantua rise over the horizon of the shine ice planet . he take a final breath and activate the black box . instantly , the moon 's gravity be magnify a hundred million time over . roth be instantly crush as the moon collapse around he into a tiny sphere . ext . surface , ice planet -- night Cooper and brand be only thirty yard or so from the lander . suddenly , the ground beneath they begin to rumble . Cooper turn back . a mile back the ground begin to tear apart , heaving massive chunks of ice and rock into the sky . roth 's moon be racing overhead , tearing up a massive strip of the surface 's planet as it near they . Cooper and brand run . ext . moon , space over ice planet the energy be unleash by the tiny box be incredible -- million of time more powerful than a atomic bomb . the spray of debris be form a rooster tail behind the moon , rocketing up from the planet 's surface . ext . lander , surface , ice planet -- night Cooper have almost make it back to the lander . behind he , brand stumble . he turn back . brand be pull herself up . behind she , the thunderous explosion as a strip of the planet 's surface be hurl into space have almost reach they . Cooper look at the ship . he will never make it if he wait for brand . he turn back to find she . he reach brand just as the moon 's gravity hit they -- they be hurtle off into space . he grab she hand . second later , everything -- the entire ice sheet , the sea and rock deep below -- be hurl up after they . 110 . brand and Cooper embrace as they rocket up through the thin atmosphere . brand look at he . brand ( radio ) you catch I . now what ? Cooper look around . they planet 's surface be break into piece around they . cooper ( radio ) I do not know . ( radio ) I figure if you be float out into space , you would want some company . he hold onto she as they fall up and out of the last of the planet 's thin atmosphere and the blackness embrace they . brand between you and utter solitude , Cooper , frankly , I be not sure . they reach the apex of they climb and the gravity of the planet begin to win out . for a moment they float . cooper guess you be right -- too much gravity , or not enough . he smile , forget they predicament for a moment . they stare into each other 's eye . then they begin , very gently , to fall back towards the ice planet . suddenly , the lander maneuver beneath they . the airlock open to catch they -- doyle be at the helm . brand and Cooper pull themselves aboard . int . lander Cooper close the door and doyle rotate the lander outward . doyle fire the engine and the lander continue ascend into space as the debris around they begin crash back down towards the ice planet . Cooper look out the window : 111 . the moon continue tear up a massive canyon in the planet 's surface as it circle out of view . cooper roth . brand he 's go . ahead , a shadow loom in the darkness : the endurance . int . observation deck , endurance brand , Cooper , and doyle pull themselves out of the airlock and scramble to take control of the ship . below they , the surface of the ice planet illuminate as the neutron star 's x- ray begin to reach it from the far side of pantagruel . doyle finally get the ship straighten out . its sole remain engine fire , rocketing the ship back towards the dark side of the planet , out of view of the neutron star , and back towards the original wormhole . doyle I be set a course for the wormhole . they be go to make it . Cooper and brand make eye contact -- brand give he a tiny awkward smile . he return it , then descend below . int . outer hull , endurance Cooper prop case up against the workbench . he pull down replacement arm and leg from storage bin . unwrap they from they vacuum seal plastic and bolt they back onto case 's chassis . Cooper finish attach the arm . case rotate it , check the function . cooper how be that work ? case very well , thank you . cooper good . we have already set the course , skipper . we be go home . Cooper haul himself back up into the observation level . 112 . int . observation level doyle be set the control . the alarm on the control have finally abate -- they be out of the danger zone . brand we be safe now . Cooper head to the communication equipment . cooper now I know why we be not able to hit the relay . it 's not interference -- the blue-shift from the black hole be more than we think it would be . Cooper begin re-calibrate the equipment . brand ( conflicted ) Cooper , wait -- the ship ping the relay on the far side of the wormhole . there be no response . cooper nothing . ( thinks ) wait . the ship cached one long garble transmission when we first fall into the swirl . if we account for the blue shift then the computer might find something in there . Cooper bring up the last garble transmission they receive . the computer begin re-analyzing it , piece by piece . brand ( quiet ) listen to I -- the blueshift also mean we have lose time . more time than we think we would . Cooper look up at she . cooper how much ? brand a lot ... Cooper , maybe it 's best if we don 't - the comm equipment tone as it translate a packet . then another . 113. then a flood of communication , one packet a day , hundred and hundred of packet : image , video , audio message from family and friend . Cooper watch , horrify , as the image play out across the screen . he be watch the life of he family play out at light speed . finally , the packet slow , then stop . Cooper look at the result , in shock . cooper forty seven year . doyle join he , stare at the screen , stunne . doyle my kid ... Cooper try to ping the relay again . nothing come back . brand ( gentle ) the relay will have lose power year ago . that 's why we could not contact it , even after we reach the planet . Cooper be still problem solving , think . cooper we could bypass the relay . send a conventional shortwave signal . brand only a tiny portion of the signal would make it though the wormhole . besides , no one will be listen anymore . the comm screen be dead . no movement . nothing . Cooper look at brand , realize something . cooper you know , do not you ? you and case figure it out when we land . brand look down . brand I think ... I could not be sure . cooper sure you could . you be brilliant . you know everything . 114 . brand Cooper ... we need to keep go . I be so sorry . you child ... cooper they be not child any more ... if they be even still alive . he turn away from she . brand listen , the important thing be that we be go home , now . and we have something that can save everyone . it 's more important than the people we leave behind - doyle cut she off , fill with anger . doyle that 's easy for you to say . you do not leave anyone behind . Cooper look at brand , he anger soften by sadness . cooper yes she do . brand look at he , grateful for this small kindness . cooper ( cont 'd ) that 's why you be upset -- you father . she look down , fill with sadness . brand he 's go . but there be other people who still need we help . there 's still time ... the ship 's control tone in alarm . brand and Cooper turn : case be stand at the control . brand ( cont 'd ) case ... what be you do ? case finish type in a sequence on the command control . press the " execute " button . the last nuclear engine begin to detach from the ship . brand ( cont 'd ) wait ... no ... 115 . the robot turn from they . Cooper notice that the control module snap into the back of case 's chassis be wrong : it 's red with a gold star . it 's not case at all . it 's Liu . liu I be sorry . I have my order . no one follow ... Liu stare , satisfied , as the nuclear engine spin away from the ship and back down toward pantagruel . Cooper smashes Liu from behind . the robot tumble to the ground , the fight go out of he . Cooper and doyle roll the robot over and Cooper reach for he control module . liu ( cont 'd ) no one follow - Cooper rip the module out . the robot freeze . brand be already at the control , try to regain control . the instrument tone , alert the crew to they position : the ship be spin back down towards the black hole . brand no ... we be be pull back to pantagruel . Cooper , frantically check the control , fire the remain booster . cooper we can not let that happen . we will lose more time ... too much ... the booster be no match for the deadly pull of the black hole below they . on the ship 's guidance , they watch , helpless , as the ship climb back up the volcano rim towards the critical orbit . as on they first trip , the black hole grow to dominate the bottom of the sky , and the star above they become streak -- time be speed for they as they be whirle down into the deep gravity well around the hole . as they watch , trap , decade begin to play out in the system above they . they watch as the ice planet whirl around they , orbit the black hole dozen of time . 116 . cooper ( cont 'd ) we be lose year . finally , the ice planet plunge past they towards destruction . as it reach it slow , until finally it reach the event horizon , just as they see in the projection . nothing have prepare they for the reality : the ice planet be smashed apart with stun violence . brand look at the sample of fractal life . now they be united -- they be , in all likelihood , the sole survivor of they planet . doyle point to the instrument . doyle the wormhole . look -- it 's be pull into the black hole as well . they watch on the holographic model as the wormhole 's orbit converge on the event horizon of the black hole . brand it 's orbit mirrore the ice planet 's . cooper what will happen to it ? brand it will be destroy , like everything else . Cooper struggle to pull himself over to the communication screen . set it to make a shortwave broadcast . brand open she mouth to point out that it 's futile , then stop . cooper ( into radio ) this be the crew of the endurance . we ... ( give up on formality ) Murph , I be sorry . I be sorry I do not make it back , like I promise . he hang up the radio . in silence , they watch as the wormhole -- they only way home -- vanish beneath the event horizon . doyle how much time be we lose ? 117 . brand ( heartbroken ) decade ... hundred of year . cooper all of that people back home ... none of they will make it . as doyle watch the control the ship continue to spiral towards the black hole . doyle this be it . we be go to be pull in . Cooper look at the control , a idea form . he pull himself down . haul himself across the deck to pick up Liu 's chip . he plug it into a diagnostic tool . brand what be you do ? cooper case say the chinese find something else . the location be scrubbed from they record . but I bet he know it . Cooper fire up the chip . begins sorting through the onboard memory . doyle watch the instrument . doyle hurry up . Cooper concentrate , poring over the number . finally he begin feed coordinate into the navigation computer . cooper here . can we reach it ? brand look at the map . the point appear on the far side of gargantua . brand study the trajectory . brand we can use the thruster to keep we on the critical orbit . then slingshot we towards gargantua . the thruster strain to push the ship back up towards the critical orbit . 118. suddenly , the tidal gravity slam they against the wall of the ship . finally , the thruster fire again -- a tiny push , but just enough to launch the ship clear of the black hole , like a rock out of a slingshot . the ship race toward the massive hole in the sky below they : gargantua ext . space around gargantua the ship pick up more and more speed as it soar closer to the massive black hole 's event horizon . int . observation deck , endurance the sky close to a tiny hole above they . gargantua be swallow they view . Cooper look at the radar , which be choke with debris . doyle we only have a few minute before we be swallow into that thing . what be we even look for ? on the radar , a tiny empty spot appear . cooper ( point to screen ) that ? what be it ? brand look . in one tiny region on the back side of the black hole , the debris simply seem to vanish . brand it 's another wormhole . doyle fire the thruster again , push the ship towards the wormhole . ext . space around gargantua the endurance spin , shifting path slightly as it continue to race closer and closer to oblivion . int . observation deck , endurance they study the control . the project path shift , one degree at a time . finally , it appear to put they on a path to hit the wormhole . doyle shut off the thruster . 119 . doyle we be not go to be able to slow down . hold onto something . he lock up the control . ext . space around gargantua -- morning the ship be tumble through space , racing toward the second wormhole . it be massive , much larger than the first wormhole , and it 's glow with a light as bright as a star . int . observation deck , endurance the crew brace themselves against the hull of the ship . suddenly the ship slam onto the wormhole mouth and be pull violently into the wormhole . whiteness . as the light fade , Cooper and the other come to . the light be rapidly dimming from pure white , fade to a deep red , then infrared , finally darkness . Cooper look out . check the instrument . look out again . ext . vacuum nothing . blackness as far as the eye can see . no star . no planet . just inky darkness stretch on forever . int . observation deck , endurance brand join Cooper on the deck . together , they look out at the blackness that surround they . cooper where be we ? brand I do not know . it 's like we enter the wormhole and never leave it . brand check the instrument . there be nothing for the ship to model . there be nowhere to go . they drift . int . observation deck , endurance day go by . they check the instrument . still nothing . it 's as if they have leave the know universe altogether . 120 . int . communications room , endurance doyle sit down . after a moment , he turn on the screen and cue up a message . his child appear on -screen , giggle , push each other , try to get a prime spot in front of the camera . doyle cup he face in he hand and cry . int . crew quarter , endurance Cooper above he bunk , stare out into the blackness . brand watch he from the doorway . brand I be sorry . I should have tell you . I do not have the right . ( beat ) but you should watch the recording . you should know what happen to you kid . Cooper ignore she . int . communications room , endurance brand watch she father talk to she on-screen . he be twenty year older than when she leave he . brand father I be not go to make it much longer . the machine will continue to maintain the station as long as they can and the communication will run as long as the station here still have power . I be sorry . I hope wherever you be , darling , you be safe . the screen cut out . brand watch the static play out . int . observation deck , endurance doyle sit at the table . he have find a flair gun in one of the ditch kit . it be sit on the table in front of he . the message be clear . brand sit down across from he . brand we last trip past the black hole cost we another 100 , maybe 200 year . which mean there 's a good chance we be the only human alive anywhere . 121. she stand up . brand ( cont 'd ) I think the last human being should have a little more fight in they than that . brand pick up the sample of fractal life and place it under a lamp on the counter . it freeze , absorb the ray . doyle look at the gun . ext . endurance , vacuum Cooper , in a space suit , step out of the airlock . he drift out from the ship . nothing . behind he , the ship be a tiny speck in a ocean of darkness . int . communications room , endurance Cooper sit down . turn on the screen . after a moment , the camera turn on . Tom , he eldest son , still 15 year old , turn on the camera . tom hi , dad . Cooper pause it . he can not take it . after a moment , he let it run again . tom ( cont 'd ) I meet another girl , dad . I really think this be the one . Tom hold up a picture of himself and a teenage girl . tom ( cont 'd ) Murph steal grandpa 's car . he crash it . he 's ok , though . no break bone . Cooper lean back . int . communications room , endurance Cooper be hole up , still watch , several day ' growth of beard unshave . he 's be watch for day . on the screen , Tom be a grow man in he 20 . 122. tom I have get a surprise for you , dad . you be a grandpa . Tom hold up a infant wrap tight in swaddle . the kid be bawling . tom ( cont 'd ) congratulation . grandpa say he already earn the " great " bit so we just leave it at that . the screen cut out . the next message begin . Tom be in he 30 . tom ( cont 'd ) hi , dad . I be sorry it 's be awhile . he stop , emotional . tom ( cont 'd ) grandpa die last week . we bury he out in the back forty , next to Mom . ( look down ) where we would have bury you , if you would ever come back . he laugh , gallow humor . tom ( cont 'd ) Murph be there for the funeral . it 's be a few year since I have see he . he 's be down in the Gulf Coast . he 's a engineer . I guess someone follow in you footstep after all . Tom look down . tom ( cont 'd ) you be not listen to this . I know that . all of this message be just out there , drift in the darkness . he stop for a second . tom ( cont 'd ) you be go . you be never come back . and I have know that for a long time . lois say -- that 's my wife , dad -- she say I have to let you go . so I be . 123. he reach up to turn off the camera . tom ( cont 'd ) wherever you be , I hope you be at peace . Goodbye , dad . the image freeze , Tom 's hand on the camera , then break apart into digital noise . then nothing . Cooper look at it for a second . then rise to leave . suddenly , the screen flicker to life again . a good-look man in he late 30 turn on a camera . Cooper recognize he instantly . it 's Murph . Murph look at the camera for a long beat , clearly unsure about this . MURPH hello , dad . you sonofabitch . he laugh , self - conscious . MURPH ( cont 'd ) it 's you 100th birthday today . think I would celebrate with you a bit . ( beat ) I guess I understand why you leave . the corn be die now , too . Tom say there 's less and less at harvest every year . he pause . lift up he hand and scratch he stubble . Cooper pause the message . he look carefully at the screen : Murph be wear he dad 's watch . Cooper let the message play . tear be stream down he face . MURPH ( cont 'd ) rot 's set in . I guess you be right for clear out while you have the chance . ( reach up to switch off camera ) good luck , old man . I hope you make it . I really do . the video cut out . 124 . a message appear on the screen : " final transmission . " relay power down 05232087 Cooper turn off the screen . int . crew quarter , endurance Cooper be seat , alone . almost every compartment have be open and emptied -- debris be swirl through the compartment . brand walk in . they sit in silence for a moment . when Cooper speak , it 's clear he sadness have fade to a gallow humor . cooper not a single drink on the whole ship . what kind of mission be this ? brand I think doyle 's be experiment with the coolant from he spacesuit . they sit in silence for a moment . cooper you really think we be the last human alive anywhere ? brand I do not know . maybe . ( look he in the eye ) yes . cooper so that 's it , then ? that 's all ? he look down , sadden by he own word . brand ( quiet ) it 's happen a billion time over . star explode . the piece drift in space . gravity pull they back together . they form new star . then planet . then we . we die . it start all over again . Cooper shake he head . cooper what about the plan ? the grand scheme . 125 . brand I think you do not believe in one . cooper I do not . but you be bring I round . he laugh , he anger come and go in wave . cooper ( cont 'd ) what the hell be the point ? what do it add up to ? brand I do not know . maybe it just add up to this . cooper this ? you be say the end result of ten billion year be the atom from dead star stand here disagreeing with each other . she smile at he . bittersweet . brand maybe that 's enough . he turn away from she . she take he shoulder . she pull he into a kiss . his surprise disappear and he pull she to he , kissing she back . they surroundings forget , they drift . she laugh gently as they bump into a wall and he push off of it , send they spin back into the center of the cabin . she pull he shirt off and it hang in space . in moment , the cabin be fill with discard clothes , different color and shape , like a ticker tape parade . in the center of the cabin , brand and Cooper make love . int . crew quarter , endurance -- later Cooper and brand embrace , sleep , drift in the cabin . suddenly , doyle 's voice call out from the other cabin . doyle ( o.s. ) it 's happen ... it 's happen again ... get up here ... Cooper wake , careful not to disturb brand . he pluck he shirt from the float laundry pile and pull it on . 126 . int . observation deck , endurance Cooper haul himself up into the upper cabin . doyle be stand in the middle of the chamber . doyle they just appear . a sphere of distortion , like the one they encounter in the first wormhole , be directly in front of doyle , hover at a point in the middle of the cabin . doyle point a finger gently at the sphere , which grow in response . brand pull herself into the cabin . several more point appear , as if they have be summon by the first . some of the point twist , some of they spin , and some of they be motionless . brand I think this be the creature that build the wormhole . one of they begin to move closer to Cooper . cooper this thing be make of ... gravity ? brand no . I do not think it 's in we universe at all . I think it life in the bulk -- the space that the wormhole traverse . and it can only interact with we use gravity . the shape playfully grow around Cooper 's hand , bend the space it 's in , stretch the skin . doyle gasp as the sphere nearest he move through he body , come to rest in the middle and bend he entire torso like a fun house mirror . suddenly , the sphere wrap around Cooper 's hand begin move , tug he gently through the cabin . in the next moment , all three of they be be propel through the cabin . it 's a magical moment -- a communion , a dance between creature on either side of a massive , invisible wall . doyle exclaim like a kid on a roller coaster as he be whirle around the room . 127 . Cooper and brand collide with each other for a second as the bulk being move they through space . they hold onto each other for a moment and then be pull apart again as the whirling dance continue . even the fractal creature be involved -- inside its cage , a tiny distortion ripple its fractal skin . the creature break apart and play with the distortion around its enclosure . finally , brand disengage from the dance and pull herself around the lab , look for some way to try to communicate with the creature . she find two heavy piece of engineering equipment and move they close to each other , then far apart . the bulk being soon join she , mimick the motion of the piece of equipment . cooper can we communicate with they ? brand where would we even start ? maybe -- she pull a bag of ball bearing out of a storage bin and tear the bag open , release a cloud of the tiny shine globe into the air . for a moment , nothing happen . then , the distortion begin move through the bearing , shifting they , rearranging they into pattern in the air . first , they rearrange the ball bearing into cluster , then shape spin around each other -- planet orbit around a medium -size star . doyle that 's we solar system . after a moment the ball bearing break apart again and rearrange into a larger , more complicated system -- gargantua , pantagruel , and the ice planet . finally , the bearing compress to a two-dimensional sheet . Inside the sheet , one solitary ball bear orbit around the star and then push up , off of the sheet , into a umbrella shape space that rise up from the sheet . cooper what be that ? brand look at the tiny particle , float alone above its universe . 128. brand that 's we . that 's where they have bring we . we be in the bulk . Cooper and doyle stare at the particle . the map be static now . Cooper look around . the distortion have go . the instrument on the ship tone in alarm . Cooper walk through the map , send the ball bearing scatter . he hurry to the instrument . the ship be move -- pick up speed at a huge rate . brand ( cont 'd ) they be move we . doyle where ? they stand , look out into the perfect darkness . ext . endurance , vacuum the ship begin to close in on something in the darkness : a tiny point of light . as they grow closer , they realize that it 's a open . they be inside a massive , hollow sphere . they have be the entire time . the ship be guide out through the open at the crown of the sphere . below they be a astonish sight : we entire universe , compress into a flatten disc , like a floor of star . they be hover above it , in the bulk , the space between universe . int . endurance , bulk brand and the other stare at the incredible display . the ship drop down and begin to orbit around the massive hollow sphere between they and we universe , lower and lower until it be skim just above the surface of the sphere . in the distance , they can make out a cluster of light . cooper there 's something out there . the cluster of light grow as they be propel closer : 129 . it 's a massive space station , build onto the surface of the sphere . ext . space station the endurance glide to a gentle stop on one of the upper deck of the space station . after a moment , the airlock to the ship open and Cooper and the other step out , in they suit . they walk up to the airlock door of the station , which open automatically . int . space station after the airlock decompress , the inner door open . stand there , wait for they , be a familiar figure : tar . tar ( deadpan ) I guess this be not robot heaven after all . the light on he brow glow and he offer they both a hand . int . grand laboratory , space station the human have take off they space suit -- the station have be build to be habitable by human -- and be follow tar through the massive facility . tar I orbite the black hole seven time before I hit the second wormhole . then I drift until I find this place . Cooper look around . the hall be fill with countless technological wonder . cooper this be what the chinese be protect . ( look around ) how they could have build all this in just a handful of year . tar they do not . it take they four thousand . ( off brand 's look ) time move very slowly here 130 . brand how do you know ? tar because I have be wait for you for three hundred year . brand look around at the massive facility . brand time . that 's what the bulk being want to give we . that be the treasure the chinese find . enough time to let we save ourselves . brand look around . the facility be massive . she set the specimen case down on a table . even the tiny creature seem in awe of the place . int . laboratory , space station tar show they a prototype for the gravity machine . it be tiny -- increase G around two sphere that attract each other with a tiny force . tar I have catalogue almost everything they have build here . cooper must have take you a while . tar one hundred and fifty - seven year . Cooper shake he head in disbelief . cooper how be they keep the light on in this thing ? tar , in answer , point to a far door . tar follow I . int . engine room , space station a massive reinforce - concrete shell shudder with the energy contain within it . the whole room hum with power . tar pull up a display show the inside of the shell : a tiny black hole spin , spew out massive amount of power . 131 . tar it 's a mini black hole . a remnant of the big bang . it will power this place forever . tar lead they on . ext . hangar , space station tar lead they past a incredibly sleek fleet of spacecraft . Cooper start to stop , but tar do not slow down . int . simulation room in the center of the room be a giant holographic globe of the Earth , perfect down to the tiniest detail . cooper it 's a map ? tar no . not a map . this be a simulation of the Earth . a perfect simulation . tar touch the control panel . the map zoom in over Europe . down onto Paris . late 20th century : people walk through the street . a woman stop at a newsagent to buy a newspaper . tar touch the control again and the map zoom out . tar ( cont 'd ) they test each of the technology hundred of time , try to find the one that would cause the least damage and still allow we to leave Earth . suddenly , the map light up with atomic explosion in every city . the sequence stop , rewind . this time , sped up , the Earth seem to be drying up -- great swath of desert grow across Europe and Asia . massive circular ship be construct all over the face of the Earth . tar ( cont 'd ) this be they best solution . a massive version of the box we find on the ice planet , allow the entire human population to escape . at a give moment , the gravity of the Earth be drop to nothing and the massive ship , fill with the entire 132 . population of the Earth , lift gently off of the planet in search of greener pasture . Cooper turn away from the machine , bitter . cooper so why do not they return ? why do not they save we ? brand be stare at the massive map . brand because they be too late . by the time they find this place , the people who send they be dead . they be unable to fulfill they mission . tar point to the next room . tar that be the final problem they try to solve . tar move on . ext . platform , space station above they , the blackness of the sky be punctuate with hundred of crystal shape , faintly leak starlight : Wormhole . brand look up at they , entrance . brand where do they lead ? tar look at a illuminate schematic on one wall , mapp some of the wormhole . tar there be million of they , connect virtually every planetary system in the universe . there be thousand in we galaxy alone . but the chinese stop mapp they when they find what they be look for . tar walk further . he stop . the platform in front of they be dominate by a gigantic version of the black box that roth find on the ice planet , connect to a massive power array , and point into the dark space above the sphere . 133. tar ( cont 'd ) this be they final creation . they have to capture the mini black hole just to have enough power to try it . several mile above the black box , one of the wormhole glow far brighter than the other , crackle with radiation . doyle what do it do ? Cooper step forward . run a hand on the cold , strange material the antenna be make out of . he know exactly what it do . cooper they be not interested in the other wormhole because they mission be to return home . that one lead back to Earth . the Earth they be tell to return to . tar walk to the control for the device . brand but that 's impossible ... tar turn away from the machine . tar it be only use once . the chinese team attempt to travel back in time , to Earth just a few year after they have leave . cooper do they make it ? tar I do not know . doyle look back to Cooper . doyle do you really think it work ? Cooper look up at the machine , suddenly determine . cooper we be go to find out . Cooper walk out of the room . brand follow he . 134 . ext . airlock , space station brand follow Cooper as he walk up to the endurance . brand you know it do not work . time travel be not possible . cooper you do not know that . brand yes , I do . if it work , the chinese would have suddenly discover all of this incredible technology . but they never make it . ( beat ) you can not go back , Cooper . you can slow thing down , but you can not ever go back . we home be go . ( off he look ) you listen to all of that message from you family . if you have make it back , we would already know . there would already be some evidence . Cooper look at the machine . brand ( cont 'd ) if you try to use it , you will die , just like the people who build it . she put a arm on he shoulder . brand ( cont 'd ) roth be right , Cooper . we have to keep go . keep explore . we have a obligation to try to survive . from here we could find a thousand place where life could thrive . and you be go to return to the one place where it can not . cooper I make a promise . he turn away from she , resolute . ext . hangar , space station Cooper and doyle check over one of the sleek chinese spaceship . 135 . int . chinese spaceship Cooper be check over the control of the ship . brand walk in . brand I come to say goodbye . Cooper look up at she . int . hangar , space station Cooper walk brand back to the endurance . the ship be pack up and repair . brand be look over they work . cooper you could have take one of the other ship . brand this one 's do all right by we so far . brand hold up a small sample case contain half of the fractal life -form . brand ( cont 'd ) will you take this with you ? it 's the last of its kind as well . think we should double its chance of survival . in case I be wrong . Cooper take the sample and look at the tiny creature inside , try to escape . he set it inside the ship . turn back to she . cooper where be you go to go ? brand I do not know . up there , I guess . she point up into the great darkness above they . tar step down . move over to they . cooper you be go , too ? tar I be curious . it 's my nature . see you down the road ? tar shake Cooper 's hand . head onto the endurance . 136 . brand come with we . please . you want you whole life to explore . this be you chance . Cooper stare at she . this be what he have always want . and he have to turn it down . cooper I be sorry . I have to find out what happen to my son . I promise they . brand see the resolve in he eye . know there 's no way to change he mind . brand you be a man who keep he promise . make I one - she take he hand . brand ( cont 'd ) after you be do ... come find I . cooper I promise . they kiss passionately . not want it to end but know that it must . reluctantly , they separate . brand turn back to the ship . she pull herself onto the ship . Cooper step back outside and watch through the tiny window as the endurance lift off and disappear into the darkness . Cooper turn away . ext . platform , space station Cooper watch as radiation pour out of the wormhole high above they . int . chinese spaceship Cooper pull himself on board . doyle be at the control . he key the control and the ship lift off . doyle let 's go home . the two man sit in silence as the ship arc away from the space station and close in on the wormhole . Cooper hear a familiar chirp . he turn around : 137 . the probe they take from the ice planet be belt securely into one of the seat , fill with the garble machine code of the gravitational machine . cooper the probe ... doyle look back . doyle we get back to earth , you and I can try to make sense of the code . rebuild the gravity machine . Cooper stare at it , suddenly realize something . he unbuckle himself . Cooper stand and walk over to the probe . traces the familiar star and stripe carve into its side . Cooper stare at the probe , put it all together . cooper it 's go to work . doyle of course it 's go to work . cooper that 's not what I mean . this be the probe I find in Galveston . below they , the wormhole break as it reach another wormhole mouth that the chinese have drop down to a lower gravity well , create a time machine . the wormhole mouth be flaring with radiation . cooper ( cont 'd ) brand say there would be some evidence we would make it . and there be . this . ( hold up probe ) but only this . everything will be destroy except for this . he move toward doyle . doyle stand . cooper ( cont 'd ) we have to stop . doyle I do not know what you be talk about , but you be not touch the control . I be go home . 138. Cooper move closer to doyle . doyle pull out the flair gun . point it at Cooper . cooper you do not need to do this . we will not make it back , but this do . the secret be already right on it . maybe someone find it . there 's hope . ( sad ) but we do not get to go with . doyle you be not stop I . I be go home . doyle force Cooper into the ship 's lander . then he close the airlock . Cooper pound on the other side of the glass , try to reason with he . the landing craft detach from the ship . int . chinese landing craft Cooper watch , helpless , as doyle 's ship race ahead towards the glow wormhole mouth . as the ship speed toward the next wormhole , the radiation suddenly flare , annihilate the ship and everything in it . almost everything . Cooper 's landing craft spin away from the wormhole mouth . CUT to : ext . space , our solar system a hole open in the sky with a fiery explosion . as the radiation subside , all that shoot out of the hole be a vaporous wisp of atomize metal , and a burn , blacken probe , which hurtle toward Earth . ext . space , near earth orbit the probe collide with a satellite , hurl debris into the upper atmosphere . probe's onboard camera p.o.v . -- the probe 's onboard camera document its journey . fragment of video : 139 . -- the probe hurtle through the atmosphere , toward North America , the Gulf Coast . -- the probe smashes down into a sandbar . -- daylight . a man be descend toward it , dangle from a rope . it 's Cooper . -- night . a kitchen . a little boy -- Murph -- stare at the probe , while Cooper work at it with a blowtorch . -- tar pull the probe out of the back of a plane . -- brand 's father , older , study the probe . give up . -- much later . people be move around in the darken base , scavenge equipment . CUT to : ext . field -- day a combine harvester be dead in a field , service hatch open . a man be lie under the machine , work . the man haul himself out from under the huge machine . dust himself off . it 's Murph , 30 . he look at the farmer who be wait for the verdict . Murph shake he head . MURPH it 's do . auto-pilot 's pack up for the last time . farmer you can not make it work a little longer ? MURPH can not do anything for you . there be not any more part for this . not anywhere . farmer you do not understand . we be get less than a hundred pound per acre . we need to plant more , not less . Murph look around he at the pathetic crop of corn that stretch around they . the plant be feeble , barely able to support themselves . 140 . farmer ( cont 'd ) you have get to find we some more part , Murph . it 's get desperate . be not there anywhere you can look ? Murph begin pack up he tool , think it over . int . hangar -- day Murph stare at the darken shape of a plane under a tarp . he stare at the tarp , unsure if he want to keep go . he pull the tarp off , revealing Cooper 's old piper cub . he check over the engine , light , prop . turn the key . fire she up . the diesel wake with a grunt . ext . airstrip -- day Murph wheel the old plane out onto the field by hand . ext . skie over the southwest -- day the ancient plane skirt the San gabriel . ext . field , santa cruz island Murph set the plane down . he park the plane under a copse of tree and climb down . he scan the horizon . nothing . be this the place ? ext . forest -- day Murph push he way through the undergrowth . stop . he 's stand at the blast door to the facility . they have be blow open with dynamite . int . NASA facility -- day Murph let himself inside . light a flare . the place have be gut . thiefe and scavenger have take almost everything . Murph find one of the robot , or what 's leave of it -- it 's be stripped , leave only the bare composite skeleton . the empty eye socket stare back at Murph . Murph look around the place . there be nothing leave to salvage . he turn to leave . hear a familiar chirp . in the corner , under a pile of rain - soak garbage : 141 . the probe . no one have bother to steal it . Murph stare at it . int . underground facility -- night Murph sweep detritus off of a ancient computer mainframe that survive the looting . he hook the probe up to it . after a minute , the screen fill with a picture of a ice - cover planet . then nothing . the rest of the probe 's drive be fill with garbage , noise . Murph switch off the screen . he stand . begins to leave without the probe . stop . turn back . pick it up and take it with he . int . kitchen , murph' house -- night Murph be hunch over the probe , try to pull data off of it with a defibrillator . he have incorporate a ancient laptop into the chain , and be tweak value on it , try to decrypt the content . his wife , several month pregnant , turn back to he from the stove . murph' wife would you get that thing off of the table ? Murph nod , absorb . key in a final tweak to the decryption software . Hit return . suddenly , the screen begin fill with data . Murph stare at it , wide eye . CUT to : int . barn -- night Murph , now in he 40s , be put the finish touch on a large machine . although slightly different , we recognize some of the component and they configuration : it 's a crude version of the gravitational device . Murph double check it , then fire up a small gas power generator . throw a breaker , feed power to the unit . the unit light up . hum . but nothing happen . 142. Murph , disappointed but undaunted , shut it down and begin check it over . he hear a noise at the door . turn back . his daughter , Emily , 8 , be stand at the door . emily cooper dad ? you say you would take we to the game . MURPH ( distracted ) do I ? he look at the impossible nest of wire . shake he head . MURPH ( cont 'd ) all right . let I get my jacket . Murph pick up he jacket from the workbench . next to it on the bench be a shortwave radio play static . emily cooper ( stare at machine ) what be it suppose to do , dad ? MURPH I have no idea . Murph switch off the light and they walk out . after a moment , the radio crackle to life in the darkness . cooper ( over radio , garble ) this be the crew of the endurance ... Murph ... I be sorry ... the signal crackle out . CUT to : int . kitchen , murph' house -- day Murph , 5as , slightly gray , sit at he kitchen table . he hear a distant rumble . he look up . his wife be stand by the sink . MURPH where 's Emily ? wife out in the barn . she 's be tinkering with you old project . 143. Murph stand up . the roof of the barn be visibly shaking . he step outside . ext . yard , murph' house -- day Murph move towards the barn , concerned . the shaking be grow stronger -- the entire structure be buckle . Emily , now 18 , back out of the barn . emily cooper dad ... I be sorry ... I make some change to the machine . I think I do something wrong . Murph put a arm around he daughter and as they watch , the entire barn implode . they tractor begin slide towards the wreckage of the barn , chunky tire plow up the soil . finally , the rumbling stop as the power line short out in a fiery display . as the dust clear , Murph and he daughter examine the mess : the entire barn have be crush into a tiny ball . Murph look at he daughter . MURPH do you remember what you change ? Wide -ey , she think about it . then nod . CUT to : ext . earth , 2320 -- day this be North America . but it do not look much like it . mother nature have just about wipe the slate clean . most of the vegetation be go , and uncheck wind sweep across the barren plain . patch of ice lie think on the ground , as if a heavy snow have come and go . super title : " two hundre year later " one of the chinese spaceship descend through the thick cloud above and settles gently onto the plain . the hatch open and Cooper step out . he take a cautious look around . he be hold the fractal life in its small container . the cloud be threaten , but the weather look calm enough right here . 144 . Cooper start to walk . ext . collapsed house -- day remarkably , part of Cooper 's old house be still stand . int . collapsed house -- day Cooper stand in the middle of he kitchen . two wall be miss and the rest be collapse in a heap . but he can still see where he use to feed he kid breakfast . he have keep he promise . several hundred year too late . Cooper hunker down , stare at the space where he kid use to be . rainwater cover the ancient formica . it have take he year to finally reach this place . he have have plenty of time to come to grip with what he might find . but nothing have prepare he for this : he be completely alone . nothing be leave . int . collapsed farmhouse -- night Cooper be still sit there when the ice storm hit . uncheck by tree or vegetation , the wind rocket through the house , blast Cooper and pelting what 's leave of the structure with fist-size hail . Cooper take shelter against the remain wall . he 's go to have to sit this one out -- the hail and wind be the brutal descendant of the weather he know . they will finish he off if he step back outside . as he watch , the pool of water on the kitchen floor freeze over in second . int . collapsed farmhouse -- dawn Cooper shiver , press against the wall . the storm be still raging outside . he be freezing to death . he have to move now or he will die . he pull the hood tight around he face and stumble outside . ext . snowbound field -- day Cooper make he way through the blind snow . he try to find he way , but the ship have be consume by the blizzard . he stumble to the ground , drop the glass case with the fractal wildlife in it . the case shatter . Cooper try to stand back up , but he strength be dwindling . 145 . as he watch , the fractal wildlife creep tentatively out of its break habitat . it form together against the cold . after a moment , it burrow into the ice . as it do , the ice glow faintly . it seem to be right at home . Cooper laugh , glimpsing the outline of a plan . be this what the being who make the wormhole intend all along ? Cooper suddenly spot the outline of the ship through the drive snow . he stumble back up to he foot and struggle a few more step , then stumble again , spend . finally , he sit down in the snow to die . as he sense flicker in and out , he be strike with memory of he boy , so vivid he reach out for they , crawl forward in the snow . he stop , and laugh , remember what case tell he about what happen when human die . he struggle to he foot and stumble a few more foot , eventually come to rest just step from the ship . Cooper take a final step . finally , he collapse under he ship , as the wind continue to howl around he . as the snow clear for a moment , Cooper be alone on a vast arctic tundra . he will die alone . black fade in : int . hospital room -- day Cooper wake . he be in a sunlit room . a breeze rustle the curtain as it make its way in through a large open window . Cooper sit up . as he a do , a control panel on the wall tone gently , as if in response to he movement . he stand and look around . he can see sunlight through the open window and hear people -- kid yelling as they play . he move toward the window . reaches for the curtain . before he can , the door open behind he . a woman in a white coat step in , smile warmly . doctor good morning . do not go outside just yet , Mr. Cooper . ( more ) 146 . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( offer he a pill ) this will help with the disorientation . Cooper open he mouth to talk , but he voice be crack . he give up . swallow the pill . doctor ( cont 'd ) wait a minute for that to take effect . it can be a bit of a adjustment . ( look he over ) you have some frostbite . nothing too serious . as she talk , Cooper look past she to the window . cooper where be I ? doctor ( smile ) it 's a bit of a coincidence , really . when the ranger find you , we be the nearest facility . cooper what 's coincidence ? what be this place ? doctor we have a lot to show you . the doctor reach for the curtain . she offer he a hand . Cooper decline the help and step outside . ext . hospice , cooper station -- day Cooper be stand on a rooftop deck of a four-story building in a medium -size city surround by field . but as the road and the building stretch into the distance , the landscape curve up , not down . the entire landscape be contain within a huge cylinder - shape space station . Cooper stumble , and reach instinctively out . the doctor catch he . doctor you be ok . we get this from people who move here from planetary colony all the time . 147 . cooper where ... where be we ? doctor like I say . it be a coincidence . there be a facility closer to Earth , but they have a problem , so you wound up here . ( off he look ) this be the Space Station Joseph A. Cooper . Cooper take in the incredible surroundings . a thousand foot above they , black speck be sprinkle over a ocean of green -- Jersey milk cow graze in a field of wild grass . doctor ( cont 'd ) I have get someone who want to meet you . Cooper look at she . int . intensive care room , hospice , cooper station -- day Cooper step inside . the room be dark , still , the only noise be the labor rattle of a old man struggle to breathe . Cooper step closer to the bed . the man 's skin be paper - thin . he be ancient . doctor he be move here after they find you . he 's a little old for a transfer , but they make a exception . Cooper hover at the back of the room , unsure . he turn to the doctor , question . then he notice the picture on the old man 's desk : there be dozen of they . Children , grandchild . then the older one -- the man 's own parent . grandparent . Cooper spot a tiny frame picture with someone he recognize : Murph , 80 year old , surround by he daughter and she family . they be stand in front of a re-opene cape canaveral , and a huge spaceship under construction . Cooper pick up the picture and stare at it . the doctor point to a shy little boy hide behind Murph 's leg in the picture . doctor ( cont 'd ) that 's he . 148. she point to the old man lie in the bed . doctor ( cont 'd ) his name be Anthony Welling . Anthony Cooper Welling . ( smile ) he 's you great great grandson . he 's be wait a long time for you . Cooper 's eye well with tear . he step over to the bed and look down at the ancient man , teeter on the edge of death . the old man look at he , eye widen in excitement . he strain , try to reach the bedside table . he 's try to reach the drawer . Cooper help he open it . Inside be a simple , familiar wristwatch . the old man carefully take out the watch . he give the watch a few wind and , hand shaking , offer it to Cooper . Cooper , eye fill with tear , close he hand over the old man 's hand , envelop both the watch and the man 's hand . CUT to : ext . cornfield , cooper station -- morning Cooper be sit in a well - appoint office . a middle - age bureaucrat smile at he from the far side of a huge desk . administrator you be a hero , Mr. Cooper . let 's just start off by say that . it 's a incredible and ... unexpected honor to have you here with we . Cooper smile , uncomfortable . administrator ( cont 'd ) none of we would be here without the effort of you and the other crewmember of the endurance . ( smile , unconvincingly ) so I do not want you to take this the wrong way . but there be some question I have be tell to ask . the man look petrify , like he 's be instruct to grill George Washington on he expense report . cooper shoot . 149 . administrator the ranger who find you report that you have release a sample of a alien life - form into the wild . which be , unfortunately , against regulation . cooper it be last of its kind . they planet be destroy . the administrator cue up a series of image on he computer . administrator the ranger attempt to isolate the life - form , but it have already spread out of control . it seem to be thriving . he show Cooper a satellite image of north america . a considerable portion of the freeze tundra be glow . Cooper begin laugh . which make the administrator even less comfortable . administrator ( cont 'd ) can you tell I why you ... elect to release the life - form back on earth ? Cooper be still laugh . cooper because that be the plan . administrator whose plan ? cooper ( smile ) I do not know . the administrator try to smile back . make a few note in he file . change the subject . administrator my assistant tell I you have apply for a position with the exploration fleet . cooper feel like I should be pull my weight . 150 . administrator that 's admirable , Mr. Cooper . the truth be , most of the fleet 's personnel be automated . there be a small number of crewe ship . but there be great number of candidate . very well train candidate . cooper I be hope to enroll in a course . try to get myself up to speed on the new system . administrator I do not want you to take this the wrong way , Mr. Cooper -- like I say , you be a hero . but the truth be we have somewhat limited resource . Cooper remember this conversation . he look down . cooper no one 's hear anything from brand ? administrator I be sorry . officially , she 's be list as miss for over 200 year . mind you , I guess you turn up eventually , do not you ? cooper be I really go to hurt anybody by go to look for she ? I just need a small ship . I make a promise . the bureaucrat look down . be he really go to have to tell this guy the lay of the land ? administrator listen . Mr. Cooper . you be a hero . you be the oldest man in the human race . do not you want to take it easy ? ( off he look ) I hope you understand , we all you hold you in the high possible regard . ( quiet ) which be why they be never go to let you go off by yourself in a spaceship . I be sorry . Cooper look at he hand . he 's get a couple century on the bureaucrat in Earth year , but look ten year young . he put he hand in he pocket . 151 . administrator ( cont 'd ) I have get some good news , however . ( big smile ) we all know about you early life , Mr Cooper . I write a paper on it when I be a boy . and I think we find something you will really enjoy . ext . cornfield , cooper station -- day corn blow in a artificial breeze . a red tractor make its way through the field , which curve gently up in the distance . administrator ( v.o. ) the machine do most of the work , of course , but we be able to get you a few acre . you be go to be a farmer again . after a moment , the tractor stop . Cooper climb down from the seat . look at the front steering linkage , which be jamme with a errant tree branch . he wipe he forehead and begin work the branch out of the machine . he look miserable . a robot , a similar unit to tar , walk over . offer Cooper a bottle of water . Cooper accept it . ext . hangar BAY , cooper station Cooper stand on a observation deck , high above the hangar floor . below he , bright young thing in uniform climb into sleek - look spaceship and prepare to set out . ext . baseball diamond , cooper station Cooper sit in the stand , listen to the familiar crack of the bat as a intramural team from the university practice . Cooper watch . he look bored . the kid up to bat crack a pop fly . for a second , the catcher shuffles back and forth , try to get himself into position . but the ball never return . the catcher yell out a warning . above , the ball begin to slowly fall up , not down , toward the town center above . after a second , the ball smashes through a skylight of a building high above they . Cooper watch as the kid round the basis , laugh . 152 . int . kitchen , farmhouse , cooper station -- day Cooper 's robot sit at the kitchen table . Cooper be fiddling around in the back of he head . robot setting : general setting , security setting -- cooper curiosity . New level set . 100 percent . robot confirm . would you like to make any additional change ? cooper sense of humor . New level set . 100 percent . wait . ( thinks ) 80 percent . he begin put the robot back together . ext . farmhouse , cooper station -- twilight Cooper sit on he porch , join by the same robot as before . they watch as the space station rotate lazily out of alignment with the local star , casting the inside of the cylinder into shade , then darkness . the shadow race past they . another day . another night . ext . hangar , cooper station a maintenance worker finish look over one of the sleek - look spacecraft . he pack up he tool and head out . after a moment , two figure pick they way across the hangar floor , stick to the shadow . as they reach the first ship in the line , we get a better look . it 's Cooper and he robot pal . the robot be wear a baseball cap and carry a toolbox . Cooper gesture to the robot , who set down the toolbox with a click against the mirror- like floor . Cooper shake he head , annoyed , at the robot , and put he finger to he lip . the robot nod , bashful . Cooper wave a small handheld computer near the skin of the ship until it light up . then he punch in a few code . nothing happen . he punch in a few more . 153 . suddenly , the hatch open with a hiss . int . ship Cooper move quickly to the cockpit of the ship . look over the control . the robot strap himself in next to he . Cooper look up through the window . the inky black void of space beckon . Cooper smile and reach for the control . cooper where do you want to go first ? the robot think it over . ext . hangar , cooper station the technician walk back into the hangar . he walk along the row of ship till he reach the last one . it 's not there . he look out into the blackness of the void . see a tiny glow speck , get smaller and smaller . end