into the wood screenplay by James lapine Music and lyric by Stephen sondheim fade up grey cloud of a early morning sky . baker ( v.o . ) once upon a time , in a far off kingdom , there lay a small village at the edge of the wood ... suddenly , the well - worn boot of cinderella step into the frame and land on what we think be the sky , but in fact be simply its reflection in a puddle of water . a strong chord accent the splash and we begin a musical vamp . ext . cinderella's house - daybreak close - up on cinderella be dirty hand as it reach down to gather kindling . cinderella ( o.s. ) I wish ... baker ( v.o . ) and in this village ... close - up on a bead of sweat as it trickle from she brow , the same hand enter the frame to wipe it . cinderella ( o.s. ) more than anything ... baker ( v.o . ) ... live a young maiden ... angle on cinderella a pretty ( and filthy ) young woman , who finish mop she brow and trudge towards the back of a large house , the kindling under she arm . cinderella more than life ... more than jewel ... ext . jack farmhouse - day close - up on jack be callouse hand as he pull on a rope . baker ( v.o. ) ... a care - free young lad ... angle on jack a space - out twelve year - old who be try to pull he bony cow milky - white towards he dilapidate cottage . jack I wish ... more than life ... 2 int . baker' cottage - day close - up on a ball of dough . the baker be thick hand pound it . baker ( v.o. ) ... and a childless baker ... angle on the baker and he wife hard -work and honest , he be knead the dough which she then take and put in the oven . baker / baker' wife I wish ... baker ( v.o. ) ... with he wife - - " baker more than anything ... wife more than the moon ... baker / baker' wife I wish ... int . cinderella's house - kitchen - day cinderella scrub a huge pot . cinderella the king be giving a festival . int . baker' cottage - day the wife roll the dough as the baker stoke the hot oven . baker / wife more than life ... int . jack farmhouse - day Inside the tiny cottage , the cow stand bewilder as jack try to milk she without success . jack ( to milky - white ) I wish ... int . cinderella's house - kitchen - day cinderella I wish to go to the festival -- 3 int . baker' cottage - day baker / wife more than riches ... int . cinderella's house - kitchen - day cinderella -- and the ball ... int . jack farmhouse - day jack I wish my cow would give US some milk . int . baker' cottage - day the wife lift a heavy sack of flour . wife / cinderella more than anything ... the baker take bread from the oven . baker I wish we have a child . int . jack farmhouse - day now lean he shoulder against the cow for more leverage as he squeeze she udder . jack please , pal . int . baker' cottage - day wife I want a child . int . jack farmhouse - day jack ( frustrate ) squeeze , pal ... int . cinderella's house / jack house / baker' cottage - day she be now scrubbing the floor in front of a large fireplace . cinderella I wish to go to the festival . jack baker / wife I wish you'd give US some I wish we might have a child . milk / or even cheese ... all I wish ... 4 cinderella's stepmother move towards she threateningly . int . cinderella's house - kitchen - day cinderella's stepmother dress in a robe , she blonde hair roll in rag , carry herself with a air of disgust ; like a medieval Orange County housewife . stepmother you wish to go to the festival ? baker ( v.o ) the poor girl 's parent have die -- her two daughter , also blonde , florinda and lucinda , appear on the stairwell . they be junior version of Mom . stepmother you , cinderella , the festival ?/ you wish to go to the festival ? florinda and lucinda move to join they mother . florinda lucinda ( overlap ) what , you wish to go to the what , you , cinderella ? the festival ? festival ? the festival ? stepmother tstepsister the festival ?!/ the king festival !?? baker ( v.o. ) and now she live with she stepmother ... stepmother the festival ?!!! baker ( v.o. ) ... who have two daughter of she own . cinderella rise and shyly retreat , but the stepsister sweep around she menacingly . florinda ( grab she hand ) look at you nail ! lucinda ( pull on she ) look at you dress ! stepmother people would laugh at you ! cinderella nevertheless -- 5 stepmother tstepsister / cinderella she / you/ I still want ( S ) / wish to go the festival --/ and dance before the prince ?! they roar in derision . baker ( v.o. ) all three be beautiful of face , but vile and black of heart . ext . jack farmhouse - day jack mother , bedraggle , take in the laundry . baker ( v.o. ) the young lad have no father , and he mother -- jack mother I wish ... baker ( v.o. ) well , she be at she wit 's end -- jack mother I wish my son be not a fool . / I wish my house be not a mess . / I wish the cow be full of milk . / I wish the wall be full of gold --/ I wish a lot of thing . int . jack farmhouse - day - continuous jack mother enter the house and stop dead in she track when she see the cow . jack mother what in heaven 's name be you do with the cow inside the house ? jack I think if he be nice and warm he might produce some milk . jack mother it 's a she ! how many time must I tell you ? only shes can give milk ! int . baker' cottage - day the baker and he wife be scurrying about the kitchen . baker ( v.o. ) and then there be a hungry little girl who always wear a red cape ... the baker turn to see a small hand rise up and snatch one of the bun off the counter . 6 baker hey ! the baker swiftly come around the counter where a small , plump young girl in a red cape , little red riding hood study the goody . lrrh I wish . / it be not for I , / it's for my granny in the wood . / a loaf of bread , please , / to bring my poor old hungry / granny in the wood .../ just a loaf of bread , please . int . cinderella's house - kitchen - day the stepsister be still laugh at cinderella . the stepmother look around the room and see a large bowl of lentil . she walk over , pick it up and violently fling the bowl towards cinderella strewing the bean across the room and into the fireplace . stepmother ( cheery ) cinderella , if you can pick up this lentil , and finish you chore in time , then you may go to the ball with we . ( to she daughter ) come along , lady ... stepsister yes , mother . they sweep out of the room giggle . back on cinderella . she stand forlornly , study the mess that await she . she close she eye and begin to gently sway as if go into a trance . cinderella come little bird , / down from the eave / and the leave , / over field , / out of castle and pond .../ ahhhhh ... int . jack farmhouse - day jack be try to milk the cow as he mother look on dubiously . jack no , squeeze , pal ... jack mother hear the loud squalling of bird and run to the window , stick she head out . jack mother' Pov bird fly en masse over they house . 7 ext . cinderella's house - day we see the bird swarm and fly down the chimney . int . cinderella's house - kitchen - day cinderella open she eye to greet the bird that now surround she . cinderella quick , little bird , / flick through the ash . / pick and peck , but swiftly , / sift through the ash ./ into the pot ... the bird spread out and begin they task . ext . jack farmhouse - day jack sit atop milky - white as if she be a horse , he arm whirling as he release a sling and send a stone hurtle towards a tin cup on top of the door frame . there be a loud " clang " . jack bullseye ! jack mother be just exite the house . the cup fall down , narrowly miss she . jack mother what be you do ? stop you pretend ! she grab jack be sling and pull he away from the cow . jack mother ( cont 'd ) now listen to I well , son . milky - White must be take to market . jack mother , no -- he 's the best cow in the world -- jack mother be . she 's be dry for week . we have no food or money and no choice but to sell she . jack but milky - White be my best friend ! jack mother look at she ! there be bug on her dug ./ there be fly in her eye . / there's a lump on her rump / big enough to be a hump ! jack but -- 8 jack mother we've no time to sit and dither / while her wither wither with her --/ and no one keep a cow for a friend ! sometimes I wonder what 's in that head of yours . int . baker' cottage - day lrrh give the baker a coin as he wife look on adoringly . she love have the little girl here . the Baker , not so much . lrrh into the wood , it's time to go , / I hate to leave , I have to , though . / into the wood -- it's time , and so / I must begin my journey . into the wood and through the tree / to where I am expected , ma 'am , / into the wood to grandmother' house ... she shove the entire bun into she mouth . lrrh ( cont 'd ) ( with she mouth full ) into the wood to grandmother be house ... wife you be certain of you way ? as lrrh sing , she begin to help herself to all the bun she can lay she hand on . lrrh the way be clear , / the light be good , / I have no fear , / nor no one should ./ the wood be just tree , / the tree be just wood ./ ( to the wife ) I sort of hate to ask it , / but do you have a basket ? the wife reach for a basket , while the baker try to wrest away a bun or two from the girl . baker I do not suppose you be plan on buy any of this ? the wife give the baker a look , then hand lrrh a basket . wife now , do not stray and be late ! baker and you might save some of that sweet for granny . 9 ext . the village - day - moment later the baker , and he wife be in front of they shop , watch as lrrh skip down the lane . lrrh ( to herself ) ) into the wood and down the DELL , / the path be straight , I know it well ./ into the wood , and who can tell / what' waiting on the journey ?/ into the wood to bring some bread / to granny who be sick in bed . / never can tell what lie ahead , / for all that I know , she' already dead . her path take she through a ancient graveyard and on towards the forest 's edge . lrrh ( cont 'd ) but into the wood , / into the wood , / into the wood / to grandmother be house / and home before dark ! int . cinderella's house - kitchen - day the bird be drop the last of the lentil into the pot . lucinda ( o.s. ) cinderella ! florinda ( o.s. ) get up here ! cinderella fly bird , / back to the sky , / the bird begin to make they way out through the fireplace and window as cinderella sing she incantation . lucinda ( o.s. ) we be wait ! cinderella back to the eave / and the leave / and the field / and the -- int . cinderella's house - dressing room - day a room of mirror . lucinda and florinda , dress in they ball gowns , study themselves side by side , reflect over and over . cinderella enter through a mirrore door , break the image . florinda hurry up and do my hair , cinderella ! florinda pull at one of lucinda be bow . florinda ( cont 'd ) be you really wearing that ? 10 lucinda grab cinderella . lucinda ( point to she sleeve ) here , I found a little tear , cinderella ! lucinda eye florinda be hair . lucinda ( cont 'd ) can't you hide it with a hat ? cinderella grab a stool and bring it next to florinda . cinderella you look beautiful . she stand on the stool and begin fix florinda be hair . florinda I know . lucinda she mean I . florinda no , she do not ! the two stepsister bicker as cinderella brushes and twist they hair into tight curl : cinderella ( v.o . ) ( internal ) mother say be good , / father say be nice , / that be always there advice ./ so be nice , cinderella , / good , cinderella , / nice good good nice -- florinda tighter ! cinderella oblige and become more aggressive with the hair styling , she emotion building as she think to herself : cinderella ( v.o . ) what' the good of be good / if everyone be blind / always leaving you behind ?/ never mind , cinderella , / kind cinderella --/ nice good nice kind good nice -- florinda scream , bring cinderella back to reality . florinda ow ! not that tight ! clod ! she reel around and smack cinderella who stand stunne . the stepsister giggle and snort . 11 int . baker' cottage - day - later the baker and he wife be clean up after they day 's work . there be a unexpected knock at the door . they stare at one another momentarily . baker who might that be ? wife ( calling out ) we have sell we last loaf of bread ! the baker open the window a crack to see who be at the door . baker ( alarm ) it 's the witch from next door ! the door pop off its frame and go fly across the room in a giant puff of smoke . the baker and he wife scream and cower in a corner . as the fog clear , we see the witch for the first time and she 's not a pretty sight . mice and other vermin drop from beneath she cape and scatter through the cottage . wife we have no bread . witch I do not want you bread . baker then what be it you wish ? witch it 's not what I wish . it 's what you wish . she move towards the wife as the baker try unsuccessfully to protect she . she point she gross finger towards she belly . witch ( cont 'd ) nothing cooking in that belly now , be there ? and there will never be ... she look away . witch ( cont 'd ) unless you do exactly as I say . in three day ' time , a Blue Moon will appear . only then can the curse be undone . wife what curse ? witch the one I place on this house ! 12 baker what be you talk about ? witch in the past , when you be no more than a babe , you father bring he young wife and you to this cottage . they be a lovely couple . but not lovely neighbor . you see , you mother be with child and she develop a unusual appetite . she admire my beautiful garden and she tell you father that what she want , more than anything in the world be -- greens , greens , and nothing but greens :/ parsley , pepper , cabbage and celery ./ asparagus and watercress and / fiddlefern and lettuce --!/ he say , " all right , " / but it wasn 't , quite , / `cause I caught he / in the autumn / in my garden one night ! ext . witch garden - night - flashback witch Pov in the moonlight , we see the baker' father , wear a hunt jacket , scale over the witch be wall and into she garden . from behind a wooden trellis , she watch he as he gather she green : witch ( v.o. ) he be robbing I , / raping I , / rooting through my rutabaga , / raiding my arugula int . baker' cottage - day - present witch and / ripping up the rampion / ( my champion !/ my favorite ! ) I should have laid a spell on he right there --/ I could have turned he into stone / or a dog or a chair .../ but I let he have the rampion / i'd lot to spare . ext . witch garden - night - flashback again , only see the witch from behind , she confront the baker' father as he sheepishly hold the steal vegetable . witch ( v.o. ) in return , however , / I say , " fair be fair :/ you can let I have the baby / that you wife will bear , 13 int . baker' cottage - day - present witch and we'll call it square . " baker I have a brother ? witch no . but you have a sister . baker where be she ? witch she 's mine now and you will never find she ! small price to pay for what else you father steal from I . it cost I my youth , my beauty . my mother warn I she would punish I with the curse of ugliness if I ever lose they . wife lose what ? witch ( impatient ) the bean ! baker / wife bean ? witch the special bean ! ext . witch garden - night - flashback the baker' father steal the witch be bean and pocket they . witch ( v.o. ) I let he go , / I didn 't know / he'd stolen my bean ! witch be Pov - the baker' father scale he way back over the garden wall . witch ( v.o. ) I be watching he crawl / back over the wall , / when bang ! crash !/ the lightning flash !/ light suddenly illuminate the baker' father as if it be a flash from the Hiroshima blast . a look of horror cross he face . baker' father' Pov 14 Light illuminate the witch as she walk back towards she house . suddenly she youthful hand morph before we eye into that of a age hag . the camera pan up to find she withere face . int . baker' cottage - day - present a lightning flash rip through the Baker 's cottage . witch well , that's another story --/ never mind . / anyway , at last / the big day come / and I made my claim . / " oh , don ' T take away the baby , " / they shrieked and screeched , / int . baker' cottage - night - flashback we see the witch be gross hand snatch the baby from a cradle . witch ( v.o. ) but I did , and I hid her / where she will never be reached . int . baker' cottage - day - present witch and you father cry / and you mother died , / when for extra measure --/ I admit it be a pleasure --/ I say , " sorry , i'm still not mollified . " / and I laid a little spell on they --/ you too , son --/ that you family tree / would always be / a barren one ... the wife fall into the baker be arm , weep . baker how could you do that to I ? witch and when you mother die , you father desert you . you father be no father -- so why should you be ? baker ( to he wife ) I be so sorry ... witch now there's no more fuss / and there be no more scene / and my garden thrive - / you should see my nectarine !/ but i'm telling you the same / I tell king and queen : the witch grab some magical look bean from a SMALL satchel she carry across she body . she display they . 15 witch ( cont 'd ) don't ever never ever / mess around with my greens !/ especially the bean . ext . jack farmhouse - day jack with he cow stand outside with he mother . jack why do I have to go to the next village ? jack mother because everyone in this village know the cow have not give a drop of milk in week . jack but that 's cheating . jack mother we be starve , Jack . do not you understand that ? you be not to take less than five pound for she . be you listen to I ? jack ( he's not ) yes . jack mother how much be you to ask ? jack no more than five pound . she grab he ear and squeeze it hard . jack mother jack less ! than five . ... than five ! she let go and put the cow's leash in he hand and push he down the road towards the wood . jack mother into the wood , the time be now . / we have to live , I don't care how . / into the wood to sell the cow , / you must begin the journey ./ straight through the wood and don't delay , / we have to face / the marketplace ./ into the wood to journey' end -- jack ( stop ; sadly ) into the wood to sell a friend -- int . baker' cottage - day - continuous the witch , the baker , the baker' wife . 16 witch you wish to have the curse reversed ? the baker and he wife nod . witch ( cont 'd ) i'll need a certain potion first . the witch intently turn on they . witch ( cont 'd ) go to the wood and bring I back / one : the cow as white as milk , / two : the cape as red as blood , / three : the hair as yellow as corn , / four : the slipper as pure as gold . / bring I these before the chime / of midnight in three day ' time , / `tis then the blue moon reappear , / which come but once each hundre year ./ bring they and I guarantee , / a child as perfect as child can be . ( she explode ) go to the wood ! the witch fling she arm and a hundred - mile wind throw the couple and all of they belonging across the room as she disappear in a cloud of smoke -- or be it flour ? ext . cinderella's house - entry courtyard - day a open-air carriage and horse wait in the courtyard . the stepmother , dress to the nine , sweep out of the house and impatiently call over she shoulder . stepmother lady . we carriage await ! cinderella dart out of the house hold out the bowl of lentil to she stepmother . cinderella now may I go to the festival ? stepmother the Festival ! darling , that nail !/ darling , that clothes !/ lentils be one thing , but / darling , with that , / you'd make US the fool of the festival / and mortify the prince ! cinderella the festival last three night . surely you can let I be there for one of they . stepmother the King be try to find he son a wife -- not a scullery may ! we must be go ! 17 as the stepmother climb into the carriage , the stepsister race by in they fancy attire , whoosh past cinderella excitedly . as cinderella watch from the doorway , the carriage leave through the gate . cinderella I wish ... int . baker' cottage - day the baker be try to clean up the mess when he wife race downstairs hold he father' hunting jacket . she hand it to the baker . wife here . take this ... baker I be not wear that . wife why ? baker it be my father 's . you hear what she say . this be all he fault . the baker throw the jacket to the ground . baker ( cont 'd ) I want nothing to do with he ! the wife see that bean have spill out of the pocket . wife look ! she pick they up . wife ( cont 'd ) bean . the witch 's bean ! we will take they with we . baker ( realizing ) we ? wait a minute ! you be not come . it 's not safe out there . the baker put a hunt knife in he belt . wife I can help you . baker no . I can do this on my own . 18 baker wife the spell be on my house . / no , no , the spell be on our only I can lift the spell , / house . / we must lift the the spell be on my house . spell together , / the spell be on our house . baker ( cont 'd ) now tell I . what be I to return with ? wife you do not remember ?! the cow as white as milk , / the cape as red as blood , / the hair as yellow as corn , / the slipper as pure as gold . baker ( memorize ) the cow as white as milk , / the cape as red as blood , / the hair as yellow as corn , / the slipper as pure as gold ... ext . cinderella's house - entry courtyard - day as cinderella approach the gate , a old groundskeeper close and lock it . cinderella I still wish to go to the festival , / but how am I ever to get to the festival ? ext . the village / cinderella's house - day with the cottage behind he , the baker appear dress for he journey . his wife hurry towards he with he satchel and place it around he neck . he proceed down the cobblestone lane , he wife walk next to he . cinderella look through the bar , watch the carriage disappear down the road . baker the cow as white as milk , / the cape as red as blood , / the hair as yellow as corn ... wife cinderella ( prompt he ) I know -- i'll visit mother be the slipper ... grave , / the grave at the willow tree , / and tell her I just want to go to the king be festival ... baker ( cont 'd ) wife the slipper as pure as the hair ! gold .../ the cow , the cape / the slipper as pure as gold ... 19 ext . cinderella's house / ext . village - day - intercut cinderella have throw a shawl around herself and be head out the back of the house . she place a ladder against the stone wall and begin to climb . the baker and he wife leave the village and begin move towards the wood . cinderella / baker into the wood , it's time to go , / it may be all in vain , you ( I ) know ./ into the wood -- but even so , / I have to take the journey . wife into the wood / the path be straight , / you know it well , baker but who can tell --? wife ( give he a little push ) into the wood to lift the spell -- ext . cinderella's house - day cinderella climb over the wall . cinderella into the wood to visit mother -- ext . dirt road by jack farmhouse - day jack mother watch from the distance as jack lead milky - white up the path . jack mother ( call after he ) into the wood to sell the cow -- jack to get the money !-- ext . cinderella's house - other side of the wall - day cinderella drop down from the wall and run off . cinderella to go the festival -- ext . wood - natural archway / stream - day lrrh enter a archway that frame the entrance into the wood . lrrh into the wood to grandmother be house .../ into the wood to grandmother' house ... 20 intercutting : the baker enter the same archway ; cinderella crossing a stream ; and lrrh weaving she way down a gully . cinderella / baker / lrrh the way be clear , / the light be good ./ I have no fear , / nor no one should ./ the wood be just tree , / the tree be just wood . / no need to be afraid there -- all three of they stop with sudden trepidation . baker there's something in the glade there . the baker walk deeper into the wood . ext . dirt road by jack farmhouse - day the carriage carry the stepfamily cross a small country bridge , then pass jack mother . one of the wheel turn in a puddle and splashes she with mud . all into the wood without delay , / but careful not to lose the way . / into the wood , who know what may / be lurking on the journey ? ext . wood - natural archway - day jack enter the archway into the wood with he cow . all into the wood to get the thing / that make it worth the journeying . ext . wood - day various angle on each of we character in different woodland surround . step into the wood to see the king -- jack to sell the cow -- baker to make the potion -- quick intercut between the character : all to see --/ to sell --/ to get --/ to bring / to make --/ to lift --/ to go to the festival --! the camera slowly rise through the tree as the vast forest swallow up we intrepid traveller . 21 all ( v.o. ) into the wood !/ into the wood !/ into the wood , / then out of the wood , / and home before dark ! ext . cinderella's mother' grave - day a large willow tree stand tall . baker ( v.o. ) deep within the wood , cinderella have plant a branch at the grave of she mother . and she visit there so often , and wept so much , that she tear water it until it have become a magnificent tree . cinderella kneel in prayer . cinderella I wish ... she begin to cry . music . in the reflection , cinderella see the tree slowly twist and turn take on the shape of she mother , who look down upon she . c's mother what be it that you wish , child ? cinderella look up to see she mother in the tree . c's mother ( cont 'd ) do you know what you wish ? / be you certain what you wish / be what you want ?/ if you know what you want , / then make a wish --/ ask the tree , / and you shall have you wish . cinderella close she eye and make she wish . another angle the wind now blow the willow tree , its leave begin to rain down on cinderella , turn gold and silver as they swirl around she , transform she clothes into a beautiful gown . cinderella look down to see that she be now wear a pair of shoe literally make of gold leaf . when she look back up , the tree have now return to its former shape . cinderella thank you , mother . she dash into the wood . 22 ext . wood - flowered path - day lrrh walk along the path . baker ( v.o. ) on she path to granny 's , the little girl suddenly find herself in a very unusual part of the wood . wolf Pov branch and leave rush by in a blur . suddenly , the camera stop , and in the distance we see lrrh strolling down a path of exotic flower as she munch on a treat . we hear heavy breathing . the camera continue stalking its prey , move closer towards lrrh through the brush . angle on lrrh , as she continue walk and eat . wolf ( o.s. ) good day , young lady . she turn around and what she see - through a child be eye - be a super-slick , good - look guy . what she do not notice be he curiously low hairline , something of a snout , and a tail peek from he waistcoat . lrrh good day , Mr. Wolf . wolf whither away so hurriedly ? lrrh to my grandmother 's . wolf and what might be in you basket ? lrrh it 's bread for grandmother so she will have something good to make she strong . wolf and where might you grandmother live ? lrrh ( pointing ) a quarter of a league further in the wood ; she house stand inside a great oak tree . she continue on the path . the wolf look after she longingly . 23 wolf mmmmh .../ unhh .../ look at that flesh , / pink and plump ./ hello , little girl .../ tender and fresh , / not one lump ./ hello , little girl .../ this onex especially lush , / delicious ... with inhuman speed , he manage to suddenly be back in front of the girl on the path . wolf ( cont 'd ) hello , little girl , / what' you rush ?/ you 're missing all the flowers . / the SUN won't set for hour , / take you time . lrrh mother say , / " straight ahead , " / not to delay / or be misle . she continue move forward , he slither around she . this wolf have some smooth move . wolf but slow , little girl , / hark ! and hush - / the bird be singing sweetly ./ you'll miss the bird completely , / you're travelling so fleetly . he drop behind again , think to himself . wolf ( cont 'd ) grandmother first , / then miss plump .../ what a delectable couple ./ utter perfection :/ one brittle , one supple -- Racing ahead and then darting out from a tree . wolf ( cont 'd ) one moment , my dear -- lrrh mother say , / " come what may , / follow the path / and never stray . " wolf just so , little girl --/ any path ./ so many worth exploring ./ just one would be so boring . / and look what you're ignoring ... he usher lrrh off the path to a lush meadow blankete with exquisite purple flower and wild berry . 24 wolf ( cont 'd ) ( work himself up ) think of that crisp , / aging bone , / then something fresh on the palate ./ think of that scrumptious carnality / twice in one day .../ there's no possible way / to describe what you feel / when you 're talking to you meal ! the wolf pick a flower and hand it to lrrh . wolf ( cont 'd ) for granny . lrrh mother say / not to stray ./ still , I suppose , / a SMALL delay --/ granny might like / a fresh bouquet .../ Goodbye , Mr. Wolf . wolf Goodbye , little girl . / and hello ... the wolf climb to the top of a precipice where he be silhouett by the red hot sun . he let out a mighty howl . ext . wood - flowered path - day - continuous lrrh go about she business pick flower further from she path . angle on the baker who have be observe lrrh from a distance . like a bat , the witch swing upside down from a tree above the baker : witch why be you stand there ?! go get the cape ! baker you frighten I ! the witch swing to the ground . witch get it ! get it ! get it ! baker how be I suppose to get it ? witch you go up to the little thing , and you take it . baker I can not just take a cloak from a little girl . why do not you take it ! 25 witch it 's the rule . why do you think I ask you in the first place ? I be not allow to touch any of the object ! we suddenly hear the lilt sound of a young voice sing in the distance . the witch , almost intoxicate by she sound , swoon with delight . then : witch ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) get I what I need ! get I what I need ! she wrap the cape about herself and disappear in such a strong blast of wind that it knock the baker to the ground . baker this be ridiculous ! another angle . lrrh be pick flower off the path , blithely unaware of anything else . the baker get up and hurry over to she . baker ( cont 'd ) hello there little girl . lrrh hello , Mr. Baker . baker have you save some of that sweet for granny ? lrrh I eat all the sweet and half the loaf of bread . baker so I see ! now tell I ... where do you get that beautiful cape ? lrrh my granny make it for I . baker be that right ? I would love a red cape like that . lrrh ( giggling ) you would look pretty foolish . baker May I take a look at it ? he quickly unty it . lrrh no ! 26 he pull it off she back , she grab the other side . baker I need it badly . lrrh please -- give it back ! they have a tug of war . the baker pull free and run off with the cape . lrrh stand there momentarily stunne , then let out a loud scream . angle on the baker . he stop cold , realize what he 's do , then run back to lrrh and place the cape around she shoulder . baker I be sorry . I just want to make sure that you really love this cape . now off you go to granny 's -- and be careful that no wolf come you way . lrrh I would rather a wolf than you any day . lrrh stamp on he foot . the baker hop on he good foot . baker ( distraught ) this be hopeless . I will never get that red cape or find a golden cow and a yellow slipper -- or be it a golden slipper and a yellow cow ? wife ( o.s. ) the cow as white as milk , / the cape as red as blood , / the hair as yellow as corn , / the slipper as pure as -- he stop in he track . baker what be you do here ? the wife step out from behind a thicket . wife you forget you scarf . baker you should not be here . it 's not safe in this wood ! wife I want to help . she go to tie the wool scarf around he neck but he pull away . 27 baker no ! the spell be on my house -- wife our house -- baker wife only I can lift the spell , / we must lift the spell the spell be on my house --!/ together !/ the spell be on -- the spell be on -- the two stop cold when they notice jack and he cow come down the path towards they . wife ( cont 'd ) ( murmure ) a cow as white as ... they look at each other . both ... milk . the wife push the baker in jack be direction , then follow . baker hello there , young lad . jack hello , sir . baker what might you be do with a cow in the middle of the forest ? jack I be head toward market -- but I seem to have lose my way . wife ( coaching baker ) what be you plan to do there ? baker and what be you plan to do there ? jack sell my cow , sir . no less than five pound . baker five pound ! ( to wife ) where be we to get five pound ? the wife move forward to jack as the baker go through the pocket of he hunt jacket look for money . 28 wife she must be generous of milk to fetch five pound ? jack ( hesitantly ) yes , mar 'am . wife and if you can not fetch that sum ? then what be you to do ? jack I have not think of that ... baker ( to wife ) this be all we have ... she inspect he hand , which hold a few coin and the six magic bean . wife ( loudly , for the benefit of the boy ) bean ? we must not give up we bean ! well , if you feel we must ... baker huh ? jack bean in exchange for my cow ? wife oh , this be no ordinary bean , son . this bean carry ... magic . jack Magic ? what kind of magic ? wife ( to baker ) tell he ! the baker have no idea . he make something up . baker Magic that defy description . jack how many bean ? baker six . wife five ! ( to jack ) they be worth a pound each , at least . 29 jack could I buy my cow back someday ? baker ( uneasy ) well ... the wife give he a little poke . wife yes . baker ... possibly . here . he hand jack the five bean , carefully drop they one at a time into the boy 's hand . the wife quickly take the sixth bean and put it in she pocket . baker ( cont 'd ) good luck there , young lad . as the baker take the cow 's leash , jack wrap he arm around the bony animal . jack one day , I will buy you back -- promise ! jack kiss the cow . the baker look to he wife guiltily . overcome with emotion , jack run back into the wood . baker take the cow and go home ! wife I be just try to help . baker Magic bean ! we have no reason to believe they be magic ! be we go to dispel this curse through deceit ? wife no one would have give he more for this creature . we do he a favor . at least they will have some food . baker five bean ?! wife do we want a child or not ? baker of course . but ... wife we have one chance . do not you see that ? and if we fail ... 30 baker I be just not sure I be cut out to be a father . wife why do you say that ? baker because of my father . wife you be not he . baker I do not know ... wife if you can not do this for yourself , can not you at least do it for I ? baker all right . you take the cow and go home . I will find the rest of the thing . on my own . the baker walk away . ext . wood - day rapunzel's prince glide through the wood on a white stead . it 's difficult to say who be more beautiful , the prince or the horse . from the corner of he eye he notice something in the distance . he slow down and circle back , and hear the melodious sing of rapunzel . he dismount and slip through the brush to see : ext . wood - rapunzel's tower - day r-prince Pov a exquisite tower , surround by a thicket of tall rise bush , with no entryway , just a lone window at its peak . at the bottom of the tower , the witch look upward : witch rapunzel . rapunzel . let down you hair to I . the prince , hide within the brush . r's prince ( savore the name ) rapunzel ... at the window , the gorgeous young blonde girl , rapunzel proceed to lower the longest stretch of hair you have ever see . the witch scale up the tower . ( this cause more than a little discomfort for rapunzel . ) 31 baker ( v.o. ) the old enchantress have give the name rapunzel to the child she have hide away and lock in a a doorless tower . but little do she know that the girl 's lilt voice have catch the attention of a handsome Prince . " r's prince rapunzel ... the prince dash back to he horse and gallop off . the witch arrive at the window . witch do not you look lovely today , my dear . rapunzel thank you , mother . witch I bring you favorite . blackberry , fresh from the garden . ext . granny' house - day lrrh walk over a rickety bridge that span a brook . she stop and stare at the cottage which be build into a large oak tree . baker ( v.o. ) as the little girl approach she granny 's oak tree , she be surprised to see the door stand open . lrrh oh dear , how uneasy I feel . perhaps it 's all the sweet . int . granny' house - day lrrh make she way down a curve staircase in the house . she see the curtain draw around she granny' bed and , behind they , the silhouette of what " look like " granny . lrrh granny ? wolf ( in a granny voice ) come in , my deary . lrrh move towards the bed with trepidation and slowly pull back the curtain . the wolf be reveal , lie under the cover , dress in granny' nightcap and robe . 32 lrrh my , grandmother . you be look very strange . what big ear you have ! wolf the better to hear you with , my dear . the handsome wolf flash a smile that reveal a set of gleam white fang . ext . granny' house - day the baker cross the bridge and head towards the cottage . he suddenly hear lrrh scream . nervously he pull the knife from he belt . baker ( v.o. ) and with a single bound , the wolf have devoure the little girl . well , it be a full day of eat for both . int . granny' house - day - continuous the baker enter and hear a loud snore . brandish the knife , he move towards the bed where he see the wolf dressed as granny , sound asleep , a piece of the red cloth stick out of it 's mouth . squeamishly , he pull back the sheet to see the wolf be swollen stomach . he raise he knife and as he bring it slashing down we hear a loud howl from the wolf . CUT to black ext . granny' house - day - later fade up on the baker , clearly shake , leave the cottage and walk away . baker I can not believe I just do that . lrrh and granny appear at the doorway behind he . lrrh ( calling ) wait ! granny be not you go to help we skin that beast ? baker no thanks ! granny what kind of hunter be you ? baker I be a baker . 33 granny give he a disdainful look and go back into the house . lrrh in she cape run after the baker as he approach the rickety bridge . lrrh wait a minute . I never thank you . baker you need to be more careful , young lady . lrrh I be sorry . I should have know better . mother say , / " straight ahead , " / not to delay / or be misle . / I should have heed / her advice .../ but he seem so nice . and he showed I thing , / many beautiful thing , / that I hadn 't thought to explore . / they be off my path , / so I never have dare . / I have be so careful / I never have care ./ and he made I feel excite --/ well , excite and scare . lrrh relive she nightmare . int . granny' house - day - nightmare lrrh walk down the staircase towards granny' bed . she see the wolf silhouette through the bed curtain . lrrh ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when he say " come in ! " / with that sickening grin , / how could I know what be in store ?/ once he teeth be bare , / though , I really got scare --/ well , excite and scare ./ lrrh grab hold of the bed curtain and pull they around herself . int . the wolf belly - nightmare lrrh fall down a dark cavernous void . lrrh ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but he drew I close / and he swallowed I down , / down a dark , slimy path / where lie secret that I never want to know , / she land and see a blurry form in the distance before realize it be granny . lrrh ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and when everything familiar / seem to disappear forever , / at the end of the path / be granny once again . 34 granny reach out she arm blindly until the two be united in a warm embrace . lrrh ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so we lay in the dark / till you come and set US free , lrrh Pov -- a crack of light widen until it 's clear that she be see a knife open the wolf stomach that create the blind light . the baker' eye peek through the slit . lrrh ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and you bring US to the light , lrrh reach for the baker ... ext . granny' house - day ... the baker take she hand . lrrh and we're back at the start . she continue she story . lrrh ( cont 'd ) and I know thing now , / many valuable thing , / that I hadn't known before :/ do not put you faith / in a cape and a hood , she take off she cape . lrrh ( cont 'd ) they will not protect you / the way that they should . / and take extra care with stranger --/ even flowers have there dangers ./ and though scary be exciting , / nice be different than good . Mr. Baker . you save we life . here . lrrh hand he the cape . baker be you certain ? lrrh yes . maybe granny will make I another with the skin of the wolf . baker thank you . thank you ! impulsively he give she a kiss on the cheek and as he leave , the girl wipe it off . lrrh yuck ! 35 she make she way back to granny 's. lrrh ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) now , I know : / don't be scare ./ granny be right , / just be prepare ./ isn't it nice to know a lot ?/ and a little bit not ... ext . jack farmhouse - twilight have just greet jack on he return , he mother stare at the bean he have just hand she . jack mother ( despairing ) how could you do this ? what sort of boy would exchange a cow for bean ? jack but they be magic -- the man say -- jack mother get you head out of the cloud ! she angrily throws the bean to the ground . jack mother -- no ! she turn to grab jack be ear , fail to see the electric spark that flare when the bean strike the ground . int . jack farmhouse - twilight - continuous dragging he up to the hayloft and push he on to he cot . jack mother you and you worthless adventure ! will you never learn , Jack ?! to bed without supper for you ! she storm away . jack lie on he bed bereft . he see he sling on the floor and pick it up cradling it as he close he eye . the camera travel to a hole in the wall and look below to see five bean stalk already grow and intertwine , quickly reach skyward . ext . king be castle - night wide shot . sitting on a hilltop surround by the wood on all side , a magical and ageless castle sit aglow . a huge full moon hang in the sky , but there 's already the slither of a shadow beginning to cross its face . we hear music in the background along with the jovial sound of the ball . 36 baker ( v.o. ) the first night of the festival ball bring cinderella she wish . the Prince dance only with she , `til he turn and she have slip away . suddenly cinderella in she ball - gown rush out of a back entrance and onto the terrace disappear around a corner . another angle - the step she descend a long stretch of ancient stone step that lead to the outside grounds . another angle - continuous she appear run down a garden path below and into the wood . a beat later , cinderella's prince , dash out on to a drawbridge where he spot cinderella below . he be tall , dark and impossibly handsome . his steward and other attendant join he . c's prince I must find that girl ! ext . wood - pathway to the castle - night the baker' wife be try to find she way back to the village , pull a obstinate milky - white on a leash behind she . we see a piece of the castle in the distance . we track cinderella racing through the brush -- not a easy feat in a ball gown and gold slipper . we hear voice in the distance and the neighing of horse . cinderella stumble on a knoll , lose she foot and roll over and over to the bottom landing with a spectacular thud just yard from the wife . wife be you alright , miss ? cinderella ( startled ) yes . I just need to catch my breath . wife what a beautiful gown you be wear . be you at the King 's Festival ? cinderella , preoccupy , collect herself so she can continue on she way . cinderella yes . wife be not you the lucky one . why ever be you in the wood at this hour ? we hear the prince' entourage approach . 37 steward ( o.s. ) this way ! cinderella please . do not let they know I be here . she quickly hide herself in the brush . the wife turn around and look to the top of the rise to see C - prince on a black stallion , with he steward and attendant in tow . he call down to the wife . c's prince have you see a beautiful young woman in a ball gown pass through ? wife ( breathless as she bow ) I do not think so , sir . steward ( pointing ) if I may , my lord , I think I see she over there . the entourage race off and cinderella reappear and sit , catch she breath . wife I have never lie to royalty before . I have never anything to royalty before ! cinderella thank you . wife if a prince be look for I , I certainly would not hide . cinderella well , what bring you here -- and with a cow ? wife oh , my husband 's somewhere in the wood . ( with pride ) he 's undoing a spell . cinderella ( impressed ) oh ? wife oh , yes . but tell I , the Prince , what be he like ? cinderella he's a very nice prince . 38 wife and ? cinderella and - -/ it be a very nice ball . wife and ? cinderella and --/ when I entered , they trumpeted . wife and --?/ the prince --? cinderella oh , the prince ... wife yes , the prince ! cinderella well , he's tall . the wife sit down next to cinderella admire she dress as they chat . wife be that all ?/ did you dance ?/ be he charming ?/ they say that he be charming . cinderella we did nothing but dance . wife yes --? and --? cinderella and it made a nice change . wife no , the prince ! cinderella oh , the prince ... wife yes , the prince . cinderella he have charm for a prince , I guess ... wife guess ? cinderella I don't meet a wide range . and it's all very strange . 39 wife but why would you run away ? cinderella it 's not quite what I expect . wife prince , castle , gowns ... cinderella I have no experience with that thing . we hear the far off chime of midnight from the castle . wife but you will return to the Festival tomorrow eve ? cinderella yes ... no ... I do not know ... wife you do not know ? what I would not give to be in you shoe . ( look to she shoe ) ... I mean you slipper . ( excite ) as pure as gold ? cinderella I must get home . cinderella run off . wife wait ! I need you shoe ! the wife go after cinderella but then hear a distant cow moan . she turn around to discover that milky - white have take off . wife ( cont 'd ) milky - White ! the witch appear from nowhere . witch one midnight go ! wife already ?! witch get that cow ! the wife take off after the cow as the camera rise above tree level . the blue shadow have move a little further across the face of the moon . 40 ext . jack farmhouse - the next day - daybreak a straggly rooster crow , the sun cut across its path . int . jack farmhouse - daybreak - continuous jack mother be wake by the rooster crow to find something tick she nose . she open she eye , brush the " something " away -- then see that it 's a huge leaf push in through a open slat in the wall . ext . jack farmhouse - daybreak - extreme wide shot the cottage , now dwarf by a giant beanstalk . jack mother , a tiny figure from this distance , come run out of the house , take one look at the giant plant and scream . ext . wood - tall tree - day various angle of jack , run feverishly through the wood in search of the baker . he carry a huge sack of large - size coin over he back . he occasionally call out : " Mr. Baker ! " the baker , peacefully asleep be curl up in a large root , clutching the red cape like it be he blankie . suddenly jack leap from atop call he name and waking he . jack ( shout ) Mr. Baker ! Mr. Baker ! baker ( half asleep ) what ? jack good fortune ! good fortune , sir ! look what I have ! five gold piece . baker ( skeptical ) how would you come by five gold piece ?! jack there be giant in the sky !/ there be big tall terrible giant in the sky ! jack throw he the bag and begin to scale up the root of the tree . jack ( cont 'd ) when you 're way up high and you look below / at the world you 've left and the thing you know , / little more than a glance be enough to show / you just how SMALL you be . ( more ) 41 jack ( cont 'd ) when you 're way up high and you 're on you own / in a world like none that you 've ever known , / where the sky be lead and the earth be stone , ext . beanstalk - day - flashback jack be now climb the beanstalk . jack ( v.o. ) you 're free to do / whatever please you , / exploring thing you'd never dare / ' cause you don't care , / when suddenly there be ext . wood - day - present jack be half - way up the tree with the baker below . jack a big tall terrible giant at the door . baker a giant ? jack a big tall terrible lady giant sweeping the floor ./ and she give you food / and she give you rest , / and she draw you close / to her giant breast , / jack ( in the tree ) . jack ( cont 'd ) and you know thing now that you never know before , / not till the sky . the baker listen intently . jack ( cont 'd ) only just when you 've made a friend and all , / and you know she' big but you don't feel SMALL , / someone bigger than her come along the hall / to swallow you for lunch . and you heart be lead and you stomach stone / and you're really scare be all alone , / and it's then that you miss all the thing you 've known / and the world you 've left and the little you own . ext . beanstalk - day - flashback jack scurries down the beanstalk , with the large sack of coin over he shoulder , occasionally look up to see if he be be follow . jack ( v.o. ) the fun be do . / you steal what you can and run ! ( more ) 42 jack ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and you scramble down / and you look below , / and the world you know / begins to grow : ext . wood - day - present jack look down to the baker . jack the roof , the house , and you mother at the door ./ the roof , the house , and the world you never thought to explore . / and you think of all of the thing you 've see . / and you wish that you could live in between , / jack now scurries down the tree . jack ( cont 'd ) and you 're back again , / only different than before , / after the sky . there be giant in the sky !/ there be big tall terrible awesome scary / wonderful giant in the sky ! jack jump from the tree and land in front of the baker . he up - end the sack and dump the five gold coin on the ground . jack ( cont 'd ) so , here 's you money , sir ! five gold piece . where be my milky -white ? baker ( hesitantly ) milky - White be back home with my wife . jack let 's go find they ! jack grab the baker and excitedly try to pull he along . baker wait a minute ! I be not sure I want to sell . jack but you say I could buy she back . do you want more money ? baker no , no , no ! it 's not that -- jack ( ignoring he ) you keep that . I will fetch some more . baker wait . I do not say -- but jack do not wait to listen . take the empty sack , he run off excitedly . 43 baker ( cont 'd ) hey , come back ! ext . wood - tall tree - day - continuous the baker follow after jack and collide into he wife , drop he satchel and revealing the red cape . he hide the money sack . baker what be you do here ? wife well ... she do not want to tell he she 's lose milky - white . wife ( cont 'd ) I see you have get the red cape ! baker yes . I have get the cape . only two item leave . wife ( sheepish ) Three . baker two . we have the cape and the cow . wife ( faked enthusiasm ) you have the cape ... baker what have you do with the cow ?! wife she run away . I never reach home . I have be look for she all night . baker ( angry ) how could you ? wife she might just as easily have run from you ! baker but she do not ! wife but she might have ! baker but she didn 't !!! witch ( o.s. ) who care ! 44 the witch appear in the tree directly above they . witch ( cont 'd ) the cow be gone ! get it back ! get it back !!! baker we be just go to do that . here . he climb towards she with the cape . baker ( cont 'd ) you can have this -- witch don't come near I with that , fool !! I can not touch it ! by midnight tomorrow bring I the item or that child you wish for will never see the light of day ! with a grand sweep of she cape , the witch throw off dirt and muck over the baker and the baker' wife as she disappear into a cloud of dust . the baker wipe dirt from he mouth . baker I do not like that woman . wife I be sorry I lose the cow . baker I should not have yell . ( firmly but kindly ) go back to the village . I will make thing right . and then we can just go about we life . no more witch or dim - witted boy or hungry little girl . the baker' wife start to speak . baker ( cont 'd ) go ! , please -- go . she go . ext . wood - pine forest - day wide shot . we hear the hoofbeat of horse come from both direction . cross the frame and each other be cinderella's prince on he black stallion and rapunzel be prince on he white steed . they pass out of the frame . after a few beat , they return trot , meeting in the middle . r's prince good brother . I be wonder where you would go . 45 c's prince I have be look all night for she . r's prince her ? c's prince the beautiful one I dance the evening with . r's prince where do she go ? c's prince disappear , like the fine morning mist . r's prince she be lovely ? c's prince the loveliest . they dismount and walk they horse through the forest . r's prince I be not certain of that ! I must confess , I too have find a lovely maiden . she life here in the wood . c's prince ( incredulous ) the wood ? in the background we see the wife , who have wander by on she way back home . she stop to eavesdrop on the prince . r's prince yes ! in the top of a tall tower that have no door or stair . c's prince where ? r's prince two league from here , due east , just beyond the mossy knoll near the rise thicket . c's prince and how do you manage a visit ? r's prince I stand beneath she tower and say , " rapunzel , rapunzel , let down you hair to I . " and then she lower the longest , most beautiful head of hair - yellow as corn - which I climb . the wife be thrilled by this news , and run off . 46 c's prince rapunzel , rapunzel ! what kind of name be that ? you jest ! I have never hear of such a thing . r's prince I speak the truth ! she be as true as you maiden . a maiden run from a prince ? none would run from we . c's prince yet one have . the prince lead they horse to a stream that cascade into a magnificent waterfall . c's prince ( cont 'd ) did I abuse her / or show her disdain ?/ why doe she run from I ?/ if I should lose her , / how shall I regain / the heart she have won from I ? agony --!/ beyond power of speech ./ when the one thing you want / be the only thing out of you reach . r's prince high in her tower , / she sit by the hour , / maintaining her hair ./ blithe and become , / and frequently humming / a lighthearted AIR : / " ah -ah -ah-ah -ah - ahah -- " agony --!/ far more painful than yours , / when you know she would go with you , / if there only be door . both agony !/ oh the torture they teach ! r's prince what' as intriguing -- c's prince or half so fatiguing -- both as what' out of reach ? c- prince study he reflection in the water . c's prince am I not sensitive , clever , / well - mannere , considerate , / passionate , charming , / as kind as i'm handsome , / and heir to a throne ? r's prince you be everything maiden could wish for ! c's prince then why no --? 47 r's prince do I know ? c's prince the girl must be mad . the r-prince scale a hang vine as if it be rapunzel be hair . r's prince you know nothing of madness / till you're climbing her hair / and you see her up there / as you 're nearing her , / all the while hearing her , / " ah - ah - ah - ah -ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah -- " both agony ! c's prince misery ! r's prince woe ! both though it's different for each . c's prince always ten step behind -- r's prince always ten feet below -- both and she' just out of reach ./ agony / that can CUT like a knife ! I must have her to wife . pull back to reveal the prince side by side on a precipice , overlook the distant castle . ext . rapunzel's tower - night the baker' wife fight she way through a thicket . her clothes be now ratty , she face scratch - but she approach the tower with trepidation . wife rapunzel , rapunzel ? let you hair down to I . the window at the top of the tower open and rapunzel stick out she head look downward . the wife hide to the side . rapunzel ( dubious ) be that you at this hour , my Prince ? 48 wife ( in she best princely bass voice ) yes . rapunzel think about it for a moment , then lower she hair . the wife approach it gingerly . wife ( cont 'd ) Excuse I for this . she take a fist full of hair and give it a pull . nothing . she try once again , this time with more force elicite a little yelp from rapunzel . finally , she hold on to the hair and just start run away from the tower as fast as she can . we hear rapunzel yell as the wife succeed in pull some of the hair from she head . ext . pathway to the castle - night - continuous cinderella flee the castle . baker ( v.o. ) as the Baker 's wife bolt from the tower , the second night of the festival be throw into chaos when cinderella once again run from the Prince . while the baker' wife continue to run away from rapunzel 's tower , in the distance she see a flutter of gold move through the moonlit tree . cinderella ? she change course in pursuit . series of shot with music close - up on cinderella's shoe as they make they way through wood path . angle on the wife as she race towards they in pursuit . the wife catch up with cinderella and tackle she to the ground , cinderella be slipper fall off . they both dive for the slipper , when a approach noise catch the wife be attention . c's prince ( o.s. ) over here ! close - up on the shoe as cinderella snatch it from the ground . cinderella rush off . the wife stare freeze in horror as the prince' horse race towards she . she let out a scream and the horse stop short , rear up . the steward be horse charge off the path into thicket . c's prince ( cont 'd ) who be she ? where do she go ? 49 wife ( bowing ) I have no idea , sir . c's prince do not play the fool , woman ! wife I be try to hold she here for you ... c's prince I can capture my own damsel , thank you . wife yes , of course . the steward return , cover in burr and look none too happy . steward no sign of she , my liege . c's prince well , what be you wait for ? see if you can find she . the steward ride off . the prince pause . the ultimate seducer , he give the wife the once over . c's prince ( cont 'd ) the wood can be a dangerous place ... she nod to he , out of she depth . he gallop off . ext . wood - tall tree - night the baker search for milky - white along a large pathway , dishevel and exhaust . baker moo ... moo ...... he hear sound off in the distance . baker' Pov the stepfamily be carriage be pass through a large hollow open in the base of a huge tree . we can hear the stepsister bicker , they blonde hair bob animatedly . another angle the baker stand in the middle of the pathway , flagging down the carriage . he pull a ear of corn from he satchel . as the carriage slow , he hop on the sideboard . 50 baker ( cont 'd ) please , if you would be so kind , may I compare this ear of corn with you hair ? the stepsister scream . lucinda and florinda ( overlapping ) do not touch we ! get away ! how dare you ! stepmother mongrel ! ( to the driver ) carry on ! she push the baker off the carriage and he somersault backwards into the brush . the carriage speed off . deflate , the baker pick himself off the path and sit on what he think be a white rock . there be a muffle " moo ... " he jump up realize he 's be sitting on the cow . baker milky - White ! he hear something and hide behind a BUSH . then , see it be he wife , he step out . baker ( cont 'd ) I think you be return home ! the wife scream in fright . then she recognize he . wife oh ! it 's you ! and you have the cow ! she run to milky - white . baker ( braggadocio ) yes . I have the cow . we have two of the four . wife Three . baker two . wife Three ! she show he the braid of hair around she neck . wife ( cont 'd ) compare this to you corn . he do and it 's a perfect match . 51 baker where do you find it ? wife ( false modesty ) I pull it from a maiden in a tower . baker Three ! wife and I almost have the fourth , but she get away . baker we have one entire day leave . surely we can locate the slipper by then . wife we ? you mean you be go to let I stay with you ? baker well ... perhaps it will take the two of we to have this child . wife you've change . / you're daring ./ you're different in the wood ./ more sure , / more share ./ you're getting US through the wood . if you could see --/ you 're not the man who start , / and much more OPEN - hearted / then I know / you to be . baker it take two . / I thought one be enough , / it's not true :/ it take two of us. / you come through / when the journey be rough --/ it take you . / it take two of US . it take care , / it take patience and fear and despair / to change ./ though you swear / to change , / who can tell if you do ?/ it take two . he flirt with she . she pull away , teasing he . wife you've change . / you're thrive ./ there's something about the wood ./ not just / surviving , / you 're blossoming in the wood . at home i'd fear / we'd stay the same forever ./ and then out here / you 're passionate , charming , considerate , clever -- 52 baker it take one / to begin , but then once / you 've begun , / it take two of you . / it's no fun , / but what need to be do / you can do / when there's two of you . if I dare , / it's because i'm become / aware / of US / as a pair / of US , / each accepting a share / of what' there . they move towards each other through the tree playfully . both we've change . / we're stranger ./ i'm meeting you in the wood . / who mind / what dangers ?/ I know we'll get past the wood . and once we're past , / let' hope the change last / beyond wood , / beyond witch and slipper and hood , / just the two of US --/ beyond lie , / safe at home with our beautiful prize , / just the few of US . it take trust ./ it take just / a bit more and we're do ./ they sit down next to each other at the top of a small hill and slide down to the bottom together . both ( cont 'd ) we want four , / we have none . / we've got three . / we need one . / it take two . they kiss but they moment of romance be interrupt when a large golden egg roll down the hill between they . the wife scream . jack ( o.s. ) stop it ! stop my egg ! the baker stop the egg and pick it up . jack stumble down the hill . jack ( cont 'd ) oh , brilliant ! my milky - White . and the owner . and my egg ! baker where do you get this ? jack from the giant 's hen ! the baker' wife examine the egg . wife a golden egg ! I have never see a golden egg . jack and you can have it . along with the five gold piece . 53 wife five gold piece ? jack now I be take my cow . jack move to milky - white . the distant chime of midnight begin to ring out from the castle . baker jack ( overlapping ) ( overlapping ) now , I never say I would but you take the five gold sell . piece . wife baker you take five gold piece ?! I do not take , you give . wife where be the five gold piece ? jack you say I could have my cow ! baker wife now I never say you could . I you would take money before a say you might . child ?! baker no , no , no - it 's not how it sound ! jack ( alarm ) milky -white ...! milky - white have begin to shake like a dashboard ornament . she moan , then topple over with a loud thud . alarm , jack run to the cow and lay he head on the animal 's chest . jack ( cont 'd ) ( tearful ) milky - White be dead ! the baker look up and see that the shadow have now move a third of the way across the moon . we hear the witch scream : witch ( o.s. ) two midnight gone ! ext . rapunzel's tower - daybreak Hidden by a break piece of wall -- someone or something be watch the r-prince climb out of the window . baker ( v.o. ) when dawn break , the Baker and he wife have but one day leave to reverse the witch 's curse . as for rapunzel 's Prince , he return yet again to the forbidden tower . 54 with rapunzel smile down , the r-prince descend she hair . once he have reach the bottom , she pull she hair back in and close the window . another angle . we discover that it 's the witch who have be watch . she be not happy . the prince mount he horse and ride off towards a low rise thicket -- a easy jump . with a thrust of she stick , the witch make the thicket shoot up before the prince have time to act . his horse stop short and he scream as he be throw over the horse 's head into the thicket . angle on the witch . she smile at she handiwork then turn to stare at the top of the tower vindictively . int . rapunzel's tower - day the witch threaten rapunzel . witch what did I clearly say ?/ child must listen . rapunzel no , no , please ! witch what be you not to do ?/ child must see -- rapunzel no ! witch and learn ./ why could you not obey ?/ child should listen ./ what have I be to you ?/ what would you have I be , / handsome like a prince ? ah , but I am old . / I am ugly . / I embarrass you . rapunzel no ! witch you be ashamed of I . rapunzel no ! witch you be ashamed . / you don ' T understand . 55 rapunzel I be no longer a child . I wish to see the world . witch don't you know what' out there in the world ?/ someone have to shield you from the world ./ stay with I . prince wait there in the world , it be true ./ prince , yes , but wolve and human , too . / stay at home . / I am home . / who out there could love you more than I ?/ what out there that I cannot supply ?/ stay with I . stay with I , / the world be dark and wild . / stay a child while you can be a child . / with me. witch ( cont 'd ) I give you protection and yet you disobey I . rapunzel no ! witch you prince will never lay eye on you again . he will never lay eye on anything again ! rapunzel what do you do to he ? witch it do not matter because where you be go , no one will ever see you again . the witch lunge at rapunzel with a pair of shear and begin to hack off she hair . the girl let out a mighty shriek . ext . near granny' house - elephant oak - day jack make he way despondently through the oak with he golden egg . he come across what look like a wolf , hunch over on the edge of the brush . he stop ... then slowly approach . jack hey there - nice cape ! the figure twist around , pull a knife . lrrh stay away from my cape or I will slash you into a thousand bit ! 56 the figure be reveal to be lrrh , in a wolf - skin cape , pick mushroom for she granny . jack whoa ! I do not want it . ( beat ) where do you get it ? lrrh my granny make it for I from a wolf that attack we . and she give I this beautiful knife for protection . jack well , look what I have ! a golden egg . he show she he golden egg . lrrh ( suspicious ) where do you get that egg ? jack ( point to the sky ) I steal a hen that lay golden egg from the kingdom of the giant . lrrh I do not believe you . jack it 's true . and you should see the giant 's toy harp . it play the most beautiful tune without you even have to touch it . lrrh ( smirking ) of course it do . why do not you go up to the kingdom right now and bring it back and show I ? jack I could . lrrh you could not ! jack I could ! lrrh you could not , Mr. liar ! jack I be not a liar ! I will get that harp . you will see ! he run off . 57 ext . beanstalk &amp ; jack farmhouse - afternoon to frantic music , jack be make he way down to the bottom of the beanstalk with all the speed he can muster . this be make more difficult by the golden harp which he have sling over he shoulder . baker ( v.o. ) Jack take the little girl 's dare and before he know it , find himself flee from a giant . suddenly , the beanstalk shake mightily , make jack hold on for dear life . he look up to discover the giant climb down after he ; Jack feverishly pick up speed and jump the last six foot to the ground . he quickly drop the harp and run to a large axe embed in the stump of a tree . jack swing the axe strike the beanstalk . ext . wood - pine forest - afternoon the swing of the axe be pick up by the baker snap a branch that 's in he way . the baker and he wife trudging through the wood . baker we have only one day leave ! I do not know where to start . wife you can start by buy a new cow with the money you take from the boy . baker right , where do I buy a cow ? wife you go to the next village , you ' will find a cow there . baker what be you go to do ? wife I be go to get the slipper . baker the yellow slipper ? wife the golden slipper ! baker yes . the golden slipper , that 's what I mean . how be you go to get it ? 58 wife I have meet a maiden with golden slipper this two previous night . baker you think you could get one ? wife yes , I be sure of it . I will meet you back here . baker right . ( beat ) why be we always separate ? wife because we have to if we be go to be together ... the baker and he wife start to go off in opposite direction when there be a tremendous crash with the force of a earthquake . the baker and he wife be knock off they foot and tumble into a bank of fern . they scramble to they foot and look to one another . wife ( cont 'd ) what be happen ? ext . jack farmhouse - afternoon the giant lie still on the ground . baker ( v.o. ) the entire kingdom shook when the beanstalk come crash down , kill the giant ... ext . king be castle - palace step - night the moon be now half cover by shadow . drop down to find cinderella run down the step ; commotion ensue as she be follow by the prince and he retinue . baker ( v.o. ) ... as for cinderella , she fle from the Prince ... again . another angle . suddenly , when cinderella be mid -flight on the step , she falter , unable to move . she look down to see that there be tar on this step and she shoe be stick . angle on the prince . smiling as he see he have finally trap he prey . we freeze the action as cinderella consider the situation . 59 cinderella he's a very smart prince , / he's a prince who prepare ./ knowing this time i'd run from he , / he spread pitch on the stair . / and i'm caught unaware ./ well , it means that he care --/ this be more than just malice ./ better stop and take stock / while you're stand here stuck / on the step of the palace . all right , what do you want ?/ have to make a decision . / why not stay and be caught ?/ should I give that a thought , / what would be he response ?/ she turn around to see the prince , freeze in time and stare at she . cinderella ( cont 'd ) but then what if he know / who I am when I know / that I 'm not what he thinks / that he want ? or then what if I am / what a prince would envision ?/ but then how can you know / who you be till you know / what you want , which I don 't ?/ so then which do you pick :/ where you 're safe , out of sight , / and yourself , but where everything's wrong ?/ or where everything's right / but you know that you'll never belong ? and whichever you pick , / do it quick , / ` cause you're starting to stick / to the step of the palace . it's my first big decision , / the choice isn't easy to make . / to arrive at a ball / be exciting and all --/ once you 're there , though , it's scary . and it's fun to deceive / when you know you can leave , / but you have to be wary . there's a lot that be at stake , / but i've stall long enough , / `cause I 'm still stand stuck / in the STUFF on these step ... better run along home / and avoid the collision ./ though at home they don ' T care , / i'll be better off there / where there's nothing to choose , / so there be nothing to lose . / so i'll pry up my shoe . cinderella lift she foot out of the shoe and move to a step with no tar . she pull one shoe from the tar , and as she go to pry the second shoe , she stop . cinderella ( cont 'd ) wait , though , thinking it through , / thing don't have to collide --/ I know what my decision be :/ which be not to decide ./i'll just leave he a clue :/ for example , a shoe . / and then see what he'll do . ( more ) 60 cinderella ( cont 'd ) now it be he and not you / who will be stuck with a shoe , / in a stew , / in the goo , / and i've learn something , too , / something I never know , / on the step of the palace ! come out of the freeze , she quickly leave one shoe and slip on the other , then dash off out of sight . the prince pick up the golden shoe from the tar and hold it up triumphantly . he address he steward and retinue . c's prince the ball be over . send everyone home . steward and the princess ? c's prince she will not get far with one shoe . ext . wood - pathway to the castle - night close - up on cinderella's feet , awkwardly run with one shoe on , one shoe off . another angle . she hear someone close on she trail and look back to see the wide - eye wife in pursuit . cinderella do not come any closer to I ! wife please , stop ! just hear I out ! cinderella you have attack I once before . wife I do not attack you . I attack you shoe . I need it . I have a magic bean in exchange for it . breathless , cinderella stop . stands defensively . the wife pull out the bean from she pocket and hand it to she . cinderella Magic bean ? nonsense ! cinderella toss it over she shoulder , but they do not see the SPARKS it set off when it hit the ground and sink into the earth . she start to leave . wife wait , please . I have not much time ! ( desperate ) I need that shoe to have a child . 61 cinderella that make no sense ! wife do it make sense that you be run from a prince ? the steward approach on horseback . steward ( o.s. ) stop ! you there , stop ! cinderella I must go ! wife ( start to take off a shoe ) take my shoe . you will run faster . cinderella here -- cinderella hand the wife she golden slipper . wife thank you ! thank you ! cinderella dash off . on the wife and steward . steward ( suspicious ) stop ! what be that you have in you hand ? the wife hide the slipper behind she back . the steward dismount . wife it 's mine . steward ( get off horse ) lying will cost you you life ! the steward snatch the shoe . the wife push the steward and grab the slipper back . wife ( desperate ) I do not care if this cost I my life ... steward you will pay for this ! 62 the c-prince ride in ( with the other slipper ) , follow by he retinue . the steward take the opportunity to pull the slipper from the wife's hand as she curtsy . steward ( cont 'd ) sire ! I have succeed in obtain the other slipper . he hold it up . the wife step forward . wife please give I the slipper , kind Prince , and all will come to a happy end . steward ( overlapping ) step back , peon ! c's prince do as she say , steward . we only need one . steward oh ... he hand the slipper back to the wife . the steward get onto he horse . wife ( to c's prince ) thank you . thank you ! c's prince ( to steward ) we must search immediately for the maiden who fit this slipper . steward ( surprised ) tonight ? c's prince this very night ! the prince , steward and retinue ride off , leave the wife alone . she look up to the moon and hurry off . we follow the wife's foot as she scurries past the beginning of a beanstalk curling upward from the ground . baker ( v.o. ) and in she haste , the Baker 's wife take no notice of a second beanstalk climb skyward . 63 ext . village - night - continuous trumpet sound . the c-prince , the steward and the retinue ride through the town , as villager open they window and rush out of they house . steward let it be know that he Royal highness the Crown Prince will be visit every house in this village tonight . int . cinderella's house - kitchen - night - continuous cinderella have only just get back . grubby again , and wear she old clothes , she bundle she beautiful dress into a chest . steward ( o.s. ) all young maiden be hereby command to remain in they home until they be visit by the Royal Guard . cinderella go to the window and look out . ext . cinderella's house - night - continuous cinderella's Pov : the c-prince and the royal retinue arrive in the entry courtyard . back on cinderella . she smile to herself . int . cinderella's house - kitchen - night the entire stepfamily have assemble , in various stage of undress . lucinda stand and watch as the stepmother try to force florinda be large foot into the tiny slipper . baker ( v.o. ) as the Prince anxiously wait , the stepmother take matter -- and florinda 's foot -- into she own hand . florinda careful , my toe --! stepmother darling , I know -- florinda what will we do ? stepmother it'll have to go . / but when you 're he bride , / you can sit or ride . / you ' ll never need to walk ! the stepmother take a handkerchief and stuff it into the girl 's mouth and then pull a large kitchen knife from she pocket and raise it over she foot -- 64 ext . cinderella's house - entry courtyard - night stand lantern have be set up outside the house , bathing the area in light . the stepfamily watch as the steward help florinda up on to the back of the Prince 's horse . in pain , she grit she tooth in a freeze smile . baker ( v.o. ) minus one toe , florinda mount the Prince 's horse , unaware of the blood drip from the slipper . as the steward step back , he notice a tiny speck of blood on he white glove . he look up to the prince to show he he hand . the prince look back to florinda who shrug sheepishly . int . cinderella's house - kitchen - night this time the stepmother try to force lucinda be foot into the slipper . florinda look on with a smirk . baker ( v.o. ) lucinda be next . lucinda why won't it fit ? stepmother darling , be still . / CUT off a bit / of the heel and it will ./ ( she pull out knife ) and when you 're he wife / you'll have such a life , / you'll never need to walk ! quick shot : florinda be hand over lucinda be mouth . the knife raise up by the mother . lucinda be eye in fear as we hear a muffle scream and the " woosh " of a knife -- ext . cinderella's house - entry courtyard - night the prince and steward wait impatiently in the torchlight . baker ( v.o. ) minus a heel , lucinda do she best to swallow the pain . at last , lucinda appear , mask she pain with a smile , and limp towards the prince . she be follow by she mother and sister . 65 stepmother it 's a perfect fit , you highness ! lucinda wink at the prince flirtatiously , then promptly faint to the ground with a thud . the shoe fall from she foot . the prince nod to the steward who walk over and gingerly pick up the bloody slipper . c's prince have you no other daughter ? stepmother only a little stunt kitchen wench , which she late father leave behind but she cannot present herself . she be too dirty . out of the shadow , cinderella appear . the steward hand the slipper to the Prince , who kneel down in front of cinderella and easily slip it on she foot . c's prince I would recognize this beautiful eye anywhere . this be the true bride ! the prince sweep cinderella off she foot and lead she to he horse . the two of they ride off . florinda and lucinda watch , not at all happy . then they hear a cawing ( the sound of bird ) overhead . they look up , alarmed . bird Pov . Far below , florinda and lucinda cower together , dread what be to come as the camera rush towards they . baker ( v.o. ) as punishment for they cruelty , cinderella 's bird swoop down upon the stepsister ... and blind they . the bird enter the picture frame , more and more , they cawing rise to a crescendo until they flap wing be all we see . ext . marshland - night - continuous rapunzel be alone in a mossy bower on a isolate island in the middle of swamp water fill with poisonous snake . she hum a sad refrain . baker ( v.o. ) as for rapunzel , the witch have banish she to a swamp in the darkest depth of the forest . another angle . the r-prince with a rag scarf wrap around he now blind eye , sit slump over on he horse as the animal navigate its way through the marshy expanse . the r-prince lift he head as he hear rapunzel be sing . 66 could it be ? the horse , seemingly know the way , follow the sound as the r-prince call she name . r's prince rapunzel ? rapunzel ? angle on rapunzel she look up and cry with delight when she see she prince across the water . rapunzel my darling ! she jump into the swamp , fearlessly ignore the snake , until she reach terra firma and she man . r-prince fall from he horse onto the ground . r's prince rapunzel ? be it you ? rapunzel reach he and rip off he scarf . she kneel to cradle he face , weep . rapunzel how could she do this to you ? extreme close -up : rapunzel's tear fall into the r-prince be blind eye . the prince be vision be restore . r's prince ( astonished ) rapunzel ! rapunzel what ? r's prince I can see you ! the two of they embrace . at the same time , we hear mooing . ext . wood - tall tree - night the baker be pull a very obstinate white cow through the wood . he look up at the moon which be almost completely cover in shadow . baker ( to the cow ) come on ! we do not have any time ... then the wife rush in from another direction , carry the slipper . 67 wife I have find you ! ( see the cow ) you have get the cow ! baker you have get the slipper ! wife we have all four ! they hug with delight but be quickly startle by the witch who appear in the hollow of a tree . witch I see a cow . I see a slipper . baker and the cape as red as blood . wife and the hair as yellow as corn . baker we have do it ! wife we have get they all . but suddenly the witch be suspicious . witch wait a minute ! ( beat ) that cow do not look as white as milk to I . wife of course she be . a desperate glance at the baker . he could not have screw this up -- could he ? wife ( cont 'd ) she have to be ! the witch walk over and smack the animal . flour puff off its back . witch this cow have be cover with flour ! wife ( to the baker ) what ? you do not get a real white cow ? the baker turn to the witch . baker we have a cow as white as milk . honestly we do . 68 witch then where be she ? wife she 's dead . baker and we think you would prefer a live cow . witch of course I would prefer a live cow ! so show I the dead cow and I will bring she back to life ! ext . wood - cow's grave - night jack mother be madly hurry through the wood , search for jack . she hear harp music -- and that carry she to jack , sit with he harp next to the mound where milky -white have be cover with leave . jack mother Jack ! there you be ! I have be worried sick about you ! there 's a dead giant in we backyard ! jack there be ? jack mother you know there be . you could have be crush ! jack but mother , look . the most beautiful harp . jack mother ( conflicted ) you have steal too much . she cuff the back of he head ... then hug he . jack mother ( cont 'd ) you could have be kill come down that plant . the witch , the baker and the wife hurry towards the leafy mound . wife we be run out of time ! baker it 's here ... jack what 's happen ? 69 baker she 's go to bring milky - White back to life . jack ( amazed ) she can do that ? baker she 's a witch ! she can do anything ! jack wow ! witch stand back ! they quickly move away , and the witch invoke some unintelligible incantation , and with the wave of she cape , the dead cow come back to life , shaking off the leave . jack race over to she . jack milky - White . you be back ! I miss you so much ! the baker look up at the moon ... only a slither leave , the rest cover by shadow . baker it 's almost midnight ! witch quiet ! feed the object to the cow . wife what ? witch you hear I ! feed they to the cow ! the wife and baker walk towards the cow and begin feed it a portion of the ingredient . not a easy chew for the animal . the witch hand they a silver chalice . witch ( cont 'd ) fill this ! jack I will do it . she will only milk for I . jack begin milk the cow , the other watch intently , but ala , nothing be come out . jack ( cont 'd ) squeeze , pal ! you can do it . 70 he try harder to no avail . the witch go over and look into the goblet . nothing . witch wrong ingredient . forget about a child ! wife wait ! we follow you instruction . one , the cow be as white as milk . correct ? witch yes . wife and two , the cape be certainly as red as blood . witch yes . wife and three , the slipper -- witch yes . baker and four , I compare the hair with this ear of corn . wife I pull it from a maiden in a tower and -- witch you what ?! what be you do there ? wife well , nothing . I happen to be passing by -- witch I touch that hair ! I tell you ! I can not have touch the ingredient ! baker / wife ( moaning ) nooooo ... jack the corn ! the corn ! baker what ? jack grab the ear of corn out of the baker be hand . jack you can use the silky hair of the corn -- 71 witch yes ! pull it from the ear and feed it to the cow . quickly ! the baker grab the ear of corn from jack , pull the hair from the corn and feed it to the cow . jack begin milk the cow again . we hear the distant chime of midnight begin . Light pour from above bathing they in a grow haze of blue light as the shadow finally eclipse the moon . the cow let out a bloodcurdling moan . wife it 's work ! jack she 's milk ! the witch grab the chalice . witch at last ! the witch drink the potion . she begin to shake . Blue smoke begin to pour from she and swirl about as if she be trap inside a cloud . the wife let out a shriek .. the baker look at he wife , she belly begin to grow to nine - month - full of pregnancy . baker that be quick ! the cloud that have surround the witch now engulf the area until a brisk wind blow it away , revealing a beautiful woman stand in the blue light of the full moon . the witch have be restore to she former self , and she like what she see . the final chime of midnight be join by every other bell in the kingdom -- a joyous cacophony as we : CUT to : ext . road to king castle / king castle - a new day golden rose petal fill the air , swirl across the screen . pulling back we see that the petal be be throw by cheering subject who toss more into the air as they clamor to catch a glimpse of cinderella and she prince on they wedding day . music . cinderella be carriage resplendent in gold draw by black stallion pass . she sit demurely smile as she prince play to the passer - by . this come easily to he . 72 baker ( v.o. ) and it come to pass , all that seem wrong be now right . the witch succeed in reversing she mother 's curse . cinderella finally stop run from she Prince . cinderella's Pov on the crowd . she see jack and he mother wave ; jack mother be over - dress in brand new clothes include a ridiculous " fascinator " hat . baker ( v.o. ) Jack be reunite with he beloved cow and he mother could now dress in the best a golden egg could buy . cinderella now see the baker and he wife stand amongst the crowd , the wife hold they new baby boy . baker ( v.o. ) and the Baker and he wife be proud parent of a strapping baby boy . the wife show she the baby . wife ( call to she ) thanks for the slipper . the carriage arrive at the entrance to the castle . as the prince and cinderella step from they carriage they be meet by cheer . the stepfamily await the marry couple . the beam stepmother with she daughter who be now wear dark glass , hold cane and look rather glum . rapunzel stand with she prince . the crowd roar as cinderella and she prince wave . the steward take up a large speak trumpet and the crowd quiet . steward let we cheer the newlywed as they embark on they happy bliss today , and ever after -- baker ( v.o. ) and so with the kingdom fill with joy , that who deserve to be destine to live happily ever ... 73 suddenly the earth shake with a mighty force , toss cinderella and she prince ( mid-kiss ) , along with they attendant and the entire crowd to the ground . a piece of the castle come crashing down . Chaos ensue . jack mother stand up and look around . no sign of jack . jack mother Jack ? Jack ...? angle on baker and he wife . baker ( stunned ) be you alright ? wife I think so . baker and the baby ? wife yes , he 's fine . there be another aftershock . angle on rapunzel . she be spook by the commotion and run off through the crowd and disappear . steward ( speak into the horn ) attention ! attention ! let there be no panic . no panic ! the Royal Prince wish to address he loyal subject . attention ! the r-prince search the crowd for rapunzel . that who have not fle , quiet and gather around . the c-prince take the horn . c's prince there 's no need for worry . it be a earthquake in a far-off quadrant of we kingdom . nothing to fear at all . as many of you know , we have another little shaker just day ago . I will personally investigate the disturbance . now everyone , back to you village , and on with you life ! ext . kingdom - day a dense mist settles across the kingdom . in the distance a beanstalk stretch up to the sky . c's prince and he retinue gallop away from the destroy castle into the wood . 74 baker ( v.o. ) but as they make they way back into the wood , they familiar path be nowhere to be find and they life be about to take a unexpected turn . ext . wood - flowered path - day the baker and he wife be walk down a path -- or the remnant of a path . wife what 's happen ? everything 's so different . they discover lrrh sit on she suitcase in what be once a lush area , now trample and break . baker hello , little one . be you alright ? what be you do here ? with a suitcase ? lrrh I be move in with granny . we whole village collapse . I could not find my mother anywhere . and now I can not find my granny 's cottage . baker what do you mean ? lrrh I go down the dell , and I do not recognize anything . there be no path . ( get work up ) where 's the stream ? where 's the bridge ? where 's granny ? wife calm down . baker we can help you find granny 's without the path . wife yes . the wife be exhaust . she hand the baby to the baker . wife ( cont 'd ) please take he for a few moment . the baker be clearly uncomfortable hold the baby . they continue walk . the baby begin to cry . baker why do he always cry when I hold he ? 75 wife you need not hold he as if he be so fragile . the baby wail . the baker hand the bundle back . baker he do not want I . he want he mother ! wife I can not take care of he all of the time . baker I will take care of he -- when he 's older ... they hear commotion in the distance . wife who might that be ? baker it 's the steward and the royal family . ext . wood - tall tree - day - continuous through a thick haze , the baker see the steward , the stepfamily and a few servant carry trunk and tend to the blind , hobbling stepsister . the baker make he way to they with he wife and lrrh in tow . baker what bring you into the wood ? steward the castle have be destroy . wife no ! stepmother the kingdom be under attack . baker what be the Royal family go to do ? steward I have no idea ! I do not make policy . I just carry it out . wife ( to the Baker ) I think it best we get back to the village . we will take the girl with we . she hold out a hand for lrrh . 76 wife ( cont 'd ) you come with we . lrrh take she hand . but then the ground begin to shake . a frightening and increasingly loud crunching noise . they fight for they foot . the stepfamily drop they belonging and rush to each other . the baker put he arm around he wife . everyone 's face fill with terror as a huge shadow engulf they . wife ( cont 'd ) it 's a giant ! baker a giant woman ! through the tree we see the furious face of a female giant . we never see she in she entirety -- but the volume of she voice match she size . giant where be the lad who kill my husband ? steward there be no lad here ! baker we have not see he . the witch , who have slip in behind the group , come forward startling everyone and move directly to the giant . witch we will get he for you right away . do not move ! lrrh race past the witch and brandish she knife . lrrh it be you who destroy we house - not a earthquake . giant and who destroy my house ? I want he ! a great bellow that make the tree shake . the witch move towards the stepsister . witch would you like a blind girl instead ? 77 florinda and lucinda scream . the stepmother take they in she embrace . stepmother how dare you ? she want the boy ! and then jack mother arrive . innocently , she ask the worst question possible . jack mother Jack ! have anyone see my Jack ? he run off again and I have be ... everyone stare at she . jack mother do a slow take look up and discover the giant . steward ( meaning the giant ) she 's look for he too . giant give he to I ! the giant suddenly reach down . they all quickly duck out of the way . jack mother run forward to confront the giant . jack mother Jack be just a lad ! we have no food to eat so he sell he beloved cow in exchange for magic bean . giant the boy - I want the boy ! jack mother you leave my boy alone ! giant you be make I very angry ! the giant stomp she foot in anger . giant ( cont 'd ) I be wait ! they all lose they balance . the steward use he staff to hold jack mother back , try to silence she . steward do not make she angry , woman , or you ' will get we all kill ! but jack mother be in full flow , face up to the giant . 78 jack mother ( losing control ) flounce through we kingdom with you great big clodhoppper , destroy everything in you path . steward stop ! baker do not upset the giant ! jack mother you big bully ! I will hide my son and you will never find he . you will never , ever ... steward get back woman ! the steward forcefully pull jack mother behind he . she trip and fall . steward ( cont 'd ) ( to the giant ) the boy be hide in the steeple tower . you can find he there . stepmother yes , that 's true . florinda lucinda yes . the steeple tower . we see he there ! giant if he be not , I will return tonight and find you ! all of you ! the giant take off , the power of she footstep force everyone to hold on to one another for safety . the baker' wife see jack mother , who be still lie on the ground . she go to she . wife look ! what have you do to she ? steward I do not mean to hurt she . I be just think of the great good . the baker step forward , take charge . baker listen everyone . if we be go to get through this we have to stick together . 79 stepmother ( sincere ) some people be cut out to battle giant , and other be not . I do not have the constitution . and as long as I can be of no help , I be go to hide . ( to she retinue ) let 's go ! ( she turn back ) everything will work out fine in the end . witch not always . the stepfamily leave . witch ( cont 'd ) I do not know where they think they be go . the giant 's already destroy the entire village . only thing leave of my garden be this bean . lrrh what be we go to do now ? witch we have no choice . find the boy and give she what she want . lrrh but if we do , she will kill Jack . witch and if we do not she will kill half the kingdom ! she rush back into the wood . jack mother stir and sit up . jack mother promise I you will not let they get jack. promise ! baker okay , I promise . ext . wood - rapunzel's tower - day we follow the witch as she make she way in search of rapunzel . she come to they tower , now fall . sitting upon a pile of rubble , a bereft rapunzel clutches she cape as she cry . witch rapunzel ! you be safe ! thank goodness . 80 rapunzel who be you ? witch surely you remember ? ( pleased ) of course you do not recognize I ! rapunzel ( stunned ) mother ? witch this be who I truly be , my dear . now you do not have to be embarrassed by I . you must come with I . there 's a giant in the land . she move towards rapunzel -- but suddenly the r-prince ride up on he white steed . he jump off and rush to rapunzel . r's prince my darling . be you all right ? why do you run off ? rapunzel I be afraid . r-prince you never have to be afraid . now come with I . witch she 's not go with you ! ( to rapunzel ) you will come with I . rapunzel pull away and turn on the witch . rapunzel I will not come with you ! witch then you leave I no choice . the witch pull rapunzel behind she and try to cast a spell on r's prince . nothing . she try again . still nothing . the prince take notice of the witch . r's prince you ! the one who blind I . rapunzel ( accusing ) and lock I in a tower . 81 witch ( sweetly ) to protect you . rapunzel ... and then banish I to a island -- in the middle of a swamp ! witch I be just try to be a good mother ! r's prince ( urging her ) rapunzel ... rapunzel take one look at she mother then move to the prince . witch rapunzel , no ! you will never be safe with he . rapunzel take I away from here . r-prince pull rapunzel up onto he horse . witch no! rapunzel ! rapunzel do not you understand ? I never want to see you again . ever ! angle on the witch watch rapunzel ride into the wood . witch ( to herself ) no matter what you say , / child won't listen . / no matter what you know , / child refuse / to learn . guide they along the way , / still they don't listen ./ child can only grow / from something you love / to something you lose ... ext . wood - tall tree - dusk at first , we just see tree . baker ( o.s. ) baker' wife ( o.s. ) Jack ! Jack ! lrrh ( o.s. ) Jack ! then the baker , the baker' wife and lrrh appear , still look for jack . they come to a halt . 82 baker we be never go to find he . wife we should fan out . it will increase we chance . baker no . you can not be on you own . wife I will be all right . baker what if we get lose ? wife we will count we step from right here . lrrh I will go , too . wife no . you stay with the baby . the wife hand lrrh the baby and sit she down . baker ( pull she aside ) you would leave we son with she ? wife yes . he 's asleep . he will be safe with the girl . lrrh ( assuming maturity ) I be very capable of caring for the baby . wife see ? baker but what if the giant come back ... wife what if , what if ! five hundred pace . go ! the wife turn and start walk . wife ( cont 'd ) one , two ... the baker stop she . he unty he scarf . baker wait ! take this . it might be cold . 83 the baker wrap he scarf around she neck and look at she , reluctant to let she go alone . the wife turn away and begin to count she step as she walk off . the baker go off in the opposite direction . wife / baker ( overlapping ) one...two ...three ...four ... ext . wood - root hollow - dusk the prince be water he horse in a giant footprint . the wife enter count . wife one eighty -one ... one eighty -two ... one eighty - three ... one eighty - four ... ( look up ; startle ; ( bow ) hello , you Royal highness . c's prince hello . wife you must be here to slay the giant . c's prince the giant ? wife yes . surely you have hear there be a giant in we midst . ( beat ) not a earthquake ... c's prince of course . a giant . wife yes , it 's a lady giant . unusual , huh ? c's prince I should think . and why be you alone in the wood ? wife I come with my husband . we be ... well you see ... it 's a long story . c's prince he would let you roam alone in the wood ? wife no , actually it be my choice . c's prince how brave . 84 wife brave ? c's prince yes . / anything can happen in the wood . / may I kiss you ? / any moment we could be crushed . wife uh -- c's prince don't feel rushed . he kiss she . she succumb for a moment , then pull away . wife this be ridiculous , / what am I do here ?/ i'm in the wrong story . he go in for another kiss and she pull away once more . wife ( cont 'd ) wait one moment , please ! we can not do this ! you have a princess ! c's prince well , yes , I do . wife and I have a... baker . c's prince of course , you be right . how foolish . / foolishness can happen in the wood ./ once again , please --/ let you hesitation be hushed . any moment , big or SMALL , / be a moment , after all . / seize the moment , skie may fall / any moment . he kiss she again . wife ( stepping back ) but this be not right ! c's prince right and wrong don't matter in the wood , / only feeling . / let US meet the moment unblushed ./ life be often so unpleasant --/ you must know that , as a peasant --/ best to take the moment present / as a present for the moment . as the prince take she into he arm , we pan up to see cinderella's bird in the branch look down at they . 85 ext . wood - c-mother' grave - dusk we track with the baker before he come upon cinderella cry at what 's leave of she mother' gravestone and tree . baker four eighty two ... four eighty three ... ( beat ) Excuse I , mar 'am . have you see a boy ... ( notice she be crying ) I be sorry , may I be of some service ? she look to the baker and immediately turn she head for fear she will be recognize . cinderella the tree have fall . mother 's grave , destroy . baker ( confuse ) oh. I be sorry . cinderella I should not complain . I be sure other have suffer worse after the earthquake . baker earthquake ? it 's no earthquake -- there 's a giant terrorize the kingdom ! cinderella well , I be sure the Prince will see to it that the giant be rid from we land . baker hah , the Prince ? no doubt he 's off somewhere seduce some young maiden . cinderella ( she turn to he ) what ? baker you look just like the princess -- but dirty . oh no , you be the princess ! he drop to he knee and bow . cinderella please . please ... get up ! I be not a princess here . baker I be sorry . I do not recognize you . 86 cinderella I have to disguise myself . I be not permit to leave the palace unescort . cinderella look away towards the wreckage of she mother 's grave . baker if you would like you can come with I . you will be safe in we company . cinderella think for a moment , then nod . cinderella thank you . baker this way . ext . wood - root hollow - dusk the c-prince be wrap in a embrace with the wife . he suddenly break away . c's prince I must leave you . she look at he confuse . he walk over to he horse and mount it . c's prince ( cont 'd ) now I must go off to slay a giant . I shall not forget you . how brave you be to be alone in the wood . and how alive you have make I feel . and just like that , he ride off leave a cloud of dust in he wake . wife what be that ? / be that I ?/ be that he ? / did a prince really kiss I ?/ and kiss I ?/ and kiss I ?/ and did I kiss he back ? be it wrong ? / am I mad ? / be that all ?/ doe he miss I ? / be he suddenly / getting bore with I ? wake up ! stop dreaming ./ stop prancing about the wood . / it's not beseem ./ what be it about the wood ? back to life , back to sense , / back to child , back to husband , / no one live in the wood . / there be vow , there be tie , / there be need , there be standard , / there be shouldn 'ts and should . ( she stop for a moment ) ( more ) 87 wife ( cont 'd ) why not both instead ?/ there's the answer , if you 're clever :/ have a child for warmth / and a baker for bread , / and a prince for whatever --/ never !/ it's these wood . she begin retrace she step . wife ( cont 'd ) ( she continue ) face the fact , find the boy , / join the group , stop the giant , / just get out of these wood . / be that he ? yes it be . / be that I ? no , it wasn 't , / just a trick of the wood . just a moment , / one peculiar passing moment ... must it all be either less or more , / either plain or grand ?/ be it always " or " ? / be it never " and " ? / that's what wood be for :/ for that moment in the wood . she stop to catch she breath and make sure she 's on the right path . wife ( cont 'd ) oh , if life be made of moment , / even now and then a bad one --!/ but if life be only moment , / then you 'd never know you have one . ( on the move again ) first a witch , then a child , / then a prince , then a moment --/ who can live in the wood ? / and to get what you wish , / only just for a moment --/ these be dangerous wood ... let the moment go . / don't forget it for a moment , though ./ the wife look in the direction of where the c-prince exite . wife ( cont 'd ) just remembering you 've have a " and , " / when you 're back to " or " / she look down to the baker be scarf and pull it from she waist . wife ( cont 'd ) make the " or " mean more / than it did before . / now I understand --/ and it be time to leave the wood ! with newfound determination to return to she husband , she tie the scarf around she neck and begin to trace she step back : wife ( cont 'd ) one eighty - four ... one eighty - three ... one eighty - two ... 88 she stop . a ominous expression cross she face . we begin to hear the pound step of the giant move closer . the wife scramble up a steep incline try to find a way to get out of the giant be path . she make it to the top , but realize there be no way down on the other side . as the giant be footstep near , the wife be engulf in darkness . tree begin to fall around she and as the earth shake , she lose she balance and fall backwards with a scream . ext . wood - tall tree - night the baker be pace back and forth . cinderella be tend to the baby . lrrh sit stare sadly into space . baker she should be back by now . lrrh she would not get lose . cinderella I be sure she will return . baker no , I must go and look for she -- they hear a commotion . it 's the witch , who have jack by the scruff of the neck . witch look who I find ! jack you be hurt I ! the witch continue pull the boy along . baker let go of he ! witch I will let go of he when I give he to the giant . jack make she stop ! lrrh leave he alone ! lrrh go to try and pull jack away from the witch . a tussle ensue , and the baker notice that jack have drop something . he go over and pick up he scarf . baker ( at the top of he lung ) stop ! I say stop ! 89 they do . the baker move to jack . baker ( cont 'd ) where do you find this ? the witch release jack . jack I be sorry , sir ... baker it 's my wife 's ! jack I be sorry . I come upon she . she be at the bottom of a cliff ... baker what be you say ? jack can not say the word . cinderella how awful ... baker no. no ...! as the truth sink in . baker ( cont 'd ) this be my fault . I let she wander off alone . I should have make she stay with I . witch ( impatient ) remorse will get you nowhere . baker ( angry ) my wife be dead ! witch wake up ! when you be dead , you be dead . ( go after jack ) now it 's time to get this boy to the giant before we be all -- cinderella and lrrh block she way . cinderella keep away from he . lrrh no ! 90 witch this be no time to be soft-heart ! he 's go to the giant and I be take he . the baker grab hold of jack . baker yes ! he 's the one to blame ! it 's because of you there 's a giant in we midst and my wife be dead ! jack but it isn 't my fault , / I be give that bean !/ you persuaded I to trade away / my cow for bean !/ and without that bean / there'd have be no stalk / to get up to the giant / in the first place ! this become one big game of " tag " , the group reconstitute itself as they gang up on whomever they think be the guilty party . baker wait a minute --/ magic bean / for a cow so old / that you have to tell / a lie to sell / it , which you told !/ be they worthless bean ?/ be they oversold ?/ oh , and tell US who / persuaded you / to steal that gold ! lrrh ( to jack ) see , it's you fault . jack no ! baker yes , it's you fault . jack no ! lrrh yes , it be ! jack it's not ! baker it's true . jack wait a minute , though --/ I only stole the gold / to get my cow back / from you ! they turn on the baker . 91 lrrh so it's you fault ! jack yes ! baker no , it isn 't !/ i'd have kept that bean , / but our house be curse . / she made US get a cow / to get the curse reversed ! they march over to the witch who stand firm . witch it's he father' fault / that the curse got place / and the place got curse / in the first place ! lrrh oh . / then it's he fault ! witch so . cinderella it be he fault . jack no . baker yes , it be , / it's he . cinderella I guess ... jack ( to cinderella ) wait a minute , though --/ I chopped down the beanstalk , / right ? that be clear ./ but without any beanstalk , / then what' queer / be how did the second giant get down here / in the first place ?/ second place ... cinderella yes ! lrrh how ? baker hmm ... jack well , / who have the other bean ? baker the other bean ? 92 cinderella the other bean ? jack you pocketed the other bean . baker I didn 't !/ yes , I did . lrrh so it's you fault --! baker no , it isn 't / `cause I give it to my wife ! lrrh so it's her fault --! baker no , it isn 't ! cinderella then whose be it ? baker ( to cinderella ) wait a minute !/ she exchanged that bean / to obtain you shoe , / so the one who know what happened / to the bean be you ! move on cinderella . cinderella you mean that old bean / that you wife --? oh , dear --/ but I never know , / and so I threw --/ well , don't look here ! lrrh so it's you fault ! cinderella but -- jack see , it's her fault --! cinderella but -- jack and it isn't mine at all ! baker ( to cinderella ) but what ? 93 cinderella ( to jack ) well , if you hadn't gone / back up again -- jack we be needy -- cinderella you be greedy !/ did you need that hen ? jack but I got it for my mother --! lrrh so it's her fault then ! cinderella yes , and what about the harp / in the third place ? baker the harp --ye ! they turn on lrrh . jack she went and dare I to ! lrrh I dare you to ? jack you dare I to !/ she say that I be scare -- lrrh I ? jack --to. / she dare I ! lrrh no , I didn 't ! baker / cinderella / jack so it's you fault ! lrrh wait a minute --! every man for himself because there 's enough blame to go around . 94 cinderella baker ( to lrrh ) ( to jack ) if you hadn't dare he to -- and you have left the harp alone , / we wouldn 't be in trouble / in the first place ! cinderella lrrh ( cont 'd ) ( point to the witch ) ( to cinderella ) well , if she hadn't raised well , if you hadn't thrown they in the first place --! away the bean / in the first place --!/ it be you fault ! jack yes , if you hadn't raised they in the first place --! they turn to the witch who have she back to they . lrrh / baker cinderella right ! it be you who raised you raised the bean in the the bean in the first place -- first place ! ! jack ( cont 'd ) it's you fault ! cinderella / jack / lrrh / baker ( charge the witch ) you're responsible !/ you 're the one to blame !/ it's you fault ! the witch turn on they . she be hold the baker' baby in she arm . witch shhhhhhh ! it's the last midnight . / it's the last wish . / it's the last midnight , / soon it will be boom --/ squish ! told a little lie , / stole a little gold , / broke a little vow , / did you ? have to get you prince , / have to get you cow , / have to get you wish , / doesn't matter how --/ anyway it doesn't matter now . she thrust the baby into the baker be arm . witch ( cont 'd ) it's the last midnight , / it's the boom --/ splat !/ nothing but a vast midnight , / everybody smashed flat ! nothing we can do --/ not exactly true :/ we can always give her the boy . she lunge for jack , but lrrh and cinderella put themselves in she path . 95 witch ( cont 'd ) no ? / no , of course what really matter be the blame , / someone you can blame ./ fine , if that's the thing you enjoy , / placing the blame , / if that's the AIM , / give I the blame --/ just give I the boy . lrrh / cinderella no ! witch no ?/ you 're so nice . / you 're not good , / you 're not bad , / you're just nice . / i'm not good , / I 'm not nice , / i'm just right . / i'm the witch ./ you're the world . i'm the hitch , / i'm what no one believe , / i'm the witch . / you 're all liar and thieve , / like he father , / like he son will be , too - -/ oh , why bother ?/ you'll just do what you do . ( ominous ) it's the last midnight , / so goodbye , all . / coming at you fast , midnight --/ soon you'll see the sky fall . she pull out some bean from she satchel and throws they to the ground where they flash upon impact . she know that lose the bean will be she end . the other scramble to pick they up . witch ( cont 'd ) here , you want a bean ?/ have another bean . / bean be made for making you rich !/ plant they and they soar --/ here , you want some more ?/ listen to the roar :/ giant by the score --!/ oh well , you can blame another witch . it's the last midnight , / it's the last verse . / now , before it's past midnight , / i'm leaving you my last curse :/ i'm leaving you alone . / you can tend the garden , it's yours ./ separate and alone , / everybody down on all four . all right , mother , when ? / lost the bean again !/ punish I the way you did then !/ give I claw and a hunch , / just away from this bunch / and the gloom / and the doom / and the boom / the ground swell beneath she lift she upwards . then suddenly , the earth deflate into a sinkhole that suck the witch to its core , swallow she up as she let out she final cry . witch ( cont 'd ) cruuuunch ! 96 the four back up and scatter for safety as a lava-like substance ooze from where the witch disappear , create a large tar pit . as the smoke lift , the four come together , shake . the baker hold the baby . jack maybe I should not have steal from the giant ... lrrh maybe I should not have stray from the path ... cinderella maybe I should not have attend the Ball ... baker ( bitter ) yes . maybe you should not have ... he hand cinderella the baby and turn to leave . jack where be you go ? baker away from here . lrrh but you say we have to find we way out of this together . baker it do not matter whether we be together or apart . jack we need you help . baker you do not understand . my wife be the one who help . I depend on she for everything . cinderella you would leave you child ? baker ( despondent ) he will be happier in the arm of a princess ... he begin to walk off . cinderella but wait ... ext . wood - dense verdure - night the baker walk aimlessly through the wood alone . 97 baker' father ( o.s. ) son. baker what be you do here ? the baker turn . his father -- the father he remember as a child -- follow close behind . he wear the identical hunt jacket . baker ( cont 'd ) I do not want to talk to you . it 's because of you all of this happen . go away ! baker' father I be sorry . I do a foolish thing . baker why would you do that ? why do you take the witch 's bean ? baker' father they be there and I want they . I do not think . I be be careless -- baker -- selfish . baker' father yes -- baker you steal they and you be catch , and then you do what you do . you just run away . baker' father when you mother die , I be ... I hate myself and I run from my guilt and my shame ... baker ... and you son . baker' father yes , and my son . and I be sorry for that . baker if you be look for forgiveness , you be not go to get it . baker' father I never expect ... baker then what do you want ? 98 baker' father be not you make the same mistake ? the baker say nothing . baker' father ( cont 'd ) be not you run away ? ( the Baker look away ) be better than I , son . do better ... the baker turn to look at he father , but he be go . be he ever there ? the baker walk angrily along a overgrown path through the wood . he slow , sit down on a tree stump and break down , he wife 's scarf in he hand . slowly he calm himself . ext . wood - tall tree - night jack and lrrh be make a plan . cinderella have the baby . jack if there be just some way we could surprise the giant . lrrh she 's too tall to surprise . they look up as a newly determine baker return . cinderella I know you would not give up . jack he would not leave he baby . lrrh it look like he be go to . baker give I my son . the baker take the baby . the baby begin to cry . baker ( cont 'd ) ( pull the baby close to comfort he ) hey , hey . lrrh what be we go to do now ? baker we need to rid this kingdom of the giant -- together . ( more ) 99 baker ( cont 'd ) she will be back soon ; here 's the plan . we be go to feed Jack to the giant . jack cinderella what ? no ! baker ( cont 'd ) we be go to use you as bait to lure the giant towards the tar pit . suddenly a swarm of bird appear overhead . cinderella the bird can help ! ( to bird ) oh good friend we need you help more than ever . ( bird chirp ) what of the prince ? she look to the baker awkwardly . then resolute ... cinderella ( cont 'd ) that do not matter now ! what 's important be that we find a way to defeat the giant . ( bird chirp ) oh yes , thank you bird . the bird fly off . the other look at she with amazement . lrrh you can talk to bird ? cinderella the bird will do they part . baker okay , we do not have much time . jack I be excited . baker here 's what we be go to do ... the baker lead they away from the tar pit . ext . wood - tall tree - night - continuous cinderella settles the baby . cinderella you father 's be very brave . we be go to be very brave too . the c-prince be pass a nearby path on horseback . he stop when he see cinderella . 100 c's prince ( calling over ) be you alright , miss ? cinderella ( hide she face ) the giant go in that direction . he ride closer . c's prince my darling ! ( dismount ) I do not recognize you . what be you do here ? and with a child ? you must go back to the castle at once . there 's a giant on the loose . cinderella I be well aware of that . he come and put he arm around she , but she pull away . c's prince my love . what be it ? cinderella maybe I be not you only love . c's prince ( beat ) I love you . truly I do . cinderella if you love I , why do you stray ? c's prince I think if you be mine , that I would never wish for more . cinderella if this be how you behave as a prince , what kind of king will you be ? c's prince I be raise to be charming , not sincere . cinderella I think you should go . c's prince I be not go to leave you . cinderella consider that I have be lose . a victim of the giant . c's prince be that what you really wish ? 101 cinderella my father 's house be a nightmare . you house be a dream . now I want something in - between . she take off she wedding ring and give it back to he . he stand there for a moment , then mount he horse . c's prince I shall always love the maiden who run away . cinderella and I the faraway prince . the prince ride off . CUT to : ext . wood - tall tree - night - continuous angle on a tree by the tar pit the baker be scale he way up the tall tree . jack follow he , each carry sling and stone . a branch give way under jack but he be able to keep he balance . baker careful , there . not so fast . jack you need not worry -- this be easier than a beanstalk . angle on cinderella . she 's sit on a tree stump , rock the baby . lrrh return . lrrh they be in the tree -- over there . we make sling out of my cape . lrrh sit next to cinderella . lrrh ( cont 'd ) I want to climb too . cinderella I be glad you be here to help I . lrrh turn she head away . cinderella ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? lrrh I think my mother and my granny would be upset with I . cinderella why ? 102 lrrh they say always to make they proud and here I be about to kill somebody . cinderella not somebody . a giant who 's do a lot of harm . lrrh but a giant 's a person . be not we to show forgiveness ? cinderella mother cannot guide you . / now you 're on you own . / only I beside you ./ still , you 're not alone . / no one be alone , truly . / no one be alone . lrrh I wish ... cinderella I know . angle on tree the baker and jack position themselves on a limb within the tree . jack wait until my mother hear I have slain the giant . baker Jack , there 's something you have to know . you mother ... jack what ? baker she do not make it . jack be she kill by the giant ? baker no . it be not like that . she be fight with the giant , try to protect you , and she be push by the steward -- and -- she fall . jack the steward will pay for this . baker no , Jack -- jack after we slay the giant , I will slay he . 103 baker you will do nothing of the kind . jack what he do be wrong . he should be punish . baker it 's not as easy as that . CUT back and forth . cinderella ( to lrrh ) mother isn't here now . baker ( to jack ; conciliatory ) wrong thing , right thing ... cinderella who know what she'd say ? baker who can say what' true ? cinderella nothing's quite so clear now . baker do thing , fight thing ... cinderella feel you 've lost you way ? baker you decide , / but you be not alone . cinderella you be not alone , / believe me. / no one be alone . baker no one be alone , / believe I . cinderella truly ... cinderella / baker people make mistake . baker father , cinderella mother , cinderella / baker people make mistake , / holding to there own , / thinking they 're alone . 104 cinderella honor there mistake . baker fight for there mistake -- cinderella everybody make -- cinderella / baker -- one another' / terrible mistake . witch can be right , / giant can be good . / you decide what' right , / you decide what' good . cinderella just remember : baker just remember : cinderella / baker someone be on you side . lrrh / jack our side . cinderella / baker our side ./ someone else be not . / while we're seeing our side -- lrrh / jack our side -- cinderella / baker our side -- all four maybe we forget :/ they be not alone ./ no one be alone . someone be on you side --/ no one be alone -- they be interrupt by the ominous sound of the approach giant . lrrh here she come ! angle on jack and the baker . baker go , Jack ! be careful . angle on the gianth feet destroy everything in its path . angle on jack , as he scurries up higher in the tree . 105 wide shot the giant approach lrrh and cinderella . giant where be the boy ? lrrh we have he . giant where ? lrrh ( point ) he 's hide in that tree ! jack pop up and reveal himself at the top of the tree . jack here I be ! the giant begin to move aggressively towards jack . jack and the baker load they sling . baker ( call up to jack ) ready ? jack ready ! angle on the giant be foot , trample everything in she path . suddenly , she step into the expanse of the tar pit , which slowly stop she in she track . she fight to free herself as she begin to sink . series of shot -- the bird fly from the tree . -- baker' Pov through the tree branch as the bird swarm around the head of the giant . -- cinderella and lrrh watch and hear the giant be scream . cinderella good bird ! lrrh she do not look happy . -- the baker and jack use they sling to fire stone at the giant . -- jack shimmy to the end of a high limb for better aim . -- the giant reach blindly towards jack . 106 lrrh ( cont 'd ) look out Jack ! -- the giant seize hold of the branch where jack be stand which knock jack off . jack catch himself on the way down , grab the branch , and hang on for dear life . use one hand , jack whirl he sling and deliver a knock - out blow to the giant be forehead . -- the giant react and begin to sway . baker' Pov of the giant be eye as she fall towards he . the giant be hand grab some tree branch , as she fight for she balance . we hear the crackle branch as the giant fall pull the tree down with she , snap it in a final deafen thud . ext . wood - tall tree - night - continuous cinderella and lrrh run around the gigantic , expose root . cinderella where be they ? lrrh Jack ? Mr. Baker ? cinderella Jack ? jack over here ! lrrh Jack ! lrrh ( cont 'd ) ( to lrrh ) will you take he . lrrh take the baby as cinderella help jack out of the tree root . cinderella oh , be careful , be you alright ? jack where be he ? cinderella he 's not with you ? lrrh Mr. Baker ? all three feverishly look for he . 107 baker Jack , Jack ! jack help I . help I ! baker Jack , I be here . cinderella help jack lift the tree branch as the baker , breathless , crawl out from beneath its grasp . he be scratch up , but relieved . cinderella take the baby from lrrh . cinderella let I take he . baker ( to Jack then lrrh ) be you okay ? be you alright ? we do it ! we do it ! come here . they embrace the baker . there 's a moment of realization of what just happen as they look up at the root of the fall tree . baker ( cont 'd ) now we can all return home . jack what home ? I have no one to take care of I . lrrh ( to the baker ) and we have nowhere to go , so we will move in with you . baker well -- he hesitates then : baker ( cont 'd ) -- of course you can come home with I . jack ( to cinderella ) and you can come , too . baker if you want to . cinderella I will gladly help you with you house . there be time when I actually enjoy clean . 108 the baby begin to whimper . the baker walk towards cinderella and he son . baker here -- give he to I . the baker walk away from the group , try to settle he son . he wrap he scarf around the baby . baker ( cont 'd ) ( to the baby ) hey , hey , hey , come on now . hey , please , come on , come on , it 's okay . I know you miss you mother . the baker sit on a fall tree trunk . baker ( cont 'd ) I miss she too . the baby cry . baker ( cont 'd ) sssh ! the baby still cry . baker ( cont 'd ) maybe I just wasn't meant to have child -- the baker hear he wife be voice . we see she over he shoulder . wife don't say that !/ of course you be meant to have child . baker but how can I go about be a father / when I have no father to show I ? wife just calm the child . baker yes , calm the child . wife look , tell he the story / of how it all happened . / be father and mother , / you'll know what to do . baker alone ... 109 wife sometime people leave you / halfway through the wood . / do not let it grieve you , / no one leave for good ./ you be not alone . / no one be alone . hold he to the light now . / let he see the glow ./ thing will be all right now ./ tell he what you know ... baker shhhh . as the Baker hold he son close , the baby begin to calm down for the first time in he father 's arm and he wife disappear . the baker tell the story to he son -- the same story as we heard at the beginning . baker ( cont 'd ) witch ( v.o. ) once upon a time ... in a far careful the thing you say , / off kingdom ... there lay a child will listen ./ small village at the edge of careful the thing you do , / the wood ... and in this child will see . / and village live a young learn . maiden ... a carefree young lad ... and a childless baker ... with he wife . lrrh , jack , and cinderella join the baker . witch ( v.o. ) baker guide they along the way , / and one day , the baker and child will glisten ./ he wife be in they shop child will look to you / when a witch burst in , for which way to turn , / to blow the door off its learn what to be . hinge ... witch ( v.o. ) careful before you say , / " listen to me. " / child will listen . the light of the new dawn stream down on they , frame the newly form family . as the baker continue to tell the story the camera slowly pull up overhead to reveal the vast wood , now change by the giant 's path . the camera then carry we back beyond the wood and to the Village where we see the destruction that have visit it . witch &amp ; all ( v.o. ) careful the wish you make , / wishes be child ./ careful the path they take -- / wishes come true , / not free . careful the spell you cast , / not just on child ./ sometime the spell may last / past what you can see / and turn against you ... 110 the camera finally pan up from the Village to the sky and we be return to where we begin : the grey cloud of a early morning sky . witch ( v.o. ) careful the tale you tell . / that be the spell./ child will listen ... fade to black the end