into the wild written by Sean Penn base on the book by jon krakauer 1 ext . the stampede trail - day 1 super : Tuesday , April 28th 1992 wide - shot : a vast , snow - blankete wilderness that sit beneath the icy summit of the high mountain range in North America . this be big Alaska . a beat up 4 x4 pick - up enter very small into the upper leave corner of frame on a unkept , snow - pack road , and come to a stop . a figure exit the passenger side and move around the front of the truck . we can just make out the rifle stick out of he backpack . we hear a very distant " thank you " as the figure walk away from the road and away from the truck , seemingly into nowhere . driver hey ! the figure with backpack and rifle , henceforth backpack , stop in he track , turn around in the direction of the truck . driver ( cont 'd ) come here . backpack walk back to the truck . as he approach the driver 's door , we CUT in to : tight shot over the back - pack shoulder onto the driver . driver ( cont 'd ) ( refer to item we see sit on dashboard ) you leave you watch , you comb , you change ... we stay on the driver as backpack speak : backpack keep it . driver I do not want you money . and I already have a watch . backpack if you do not take it , I be gonna throw it away . I do not want to know what time it be , what day it be , or where I be . ( more ) 2 . backpack ( cont 'd ) I do not want to see anybody . none of that matter . the driver reach behind the seat of the truck , pull out a old pair of rubber work boot . driver ( hand he the boot ) take they . there be a pause as backpack consider accept the boot . driver ( cont 'd ) if you make it out alive , give I a call , and I will tell you how to get the boot back to I . we can feel over backpack 's shoulder that he have take the boot and be put they on but we stay on the driver . backpack hey , do I a favor , will ya ? take a picture of I . backpack hand he a instamatic camera and start walk backwards . we pull back with he . and he maintain he back to we . when he stop , we continue until he be full - frame , head - to - toe from behind , pose . CUT to : cu : driver click . he snap the shot . backpack re-enter frame in a over-shoulder . Driver hand he the camera . driver you gonna be alright ? backpack I will be better than that . ( I will be who I be . ) as backpack exit the frame , we slowly zoom past the concerned face of the driver onto the loose change , the comb , and the watch on the dash . 3. throughout the zoom , the SOUND of footstep crunching the snow , fade into the distance . back to : original wide - shot : we see the small form of the truck and the smaller form of the backpacker walk away from the truck until the backpacker have exite the frame . the truck take a beat , turn around in the snow , and accelerate back into the direction from which it come . as the truck exit frame , we - dissolve to : 2 ext . commencement ground , emory university , atlanta - 2 day super : May 1990 the crowd of family and friend , and of course , student . assemble on fold - out chair . the broad lawn . intercut : CHRIS mccandless . we do not see he face , just foot pound the pavement at a increase pace . one by one the name of graduate announce . they bright young face , cap head , and gowns , glide up to the podium to accept they diploma . intercut : Chris , on he run , sweatshirt hood over head . amongst assemble crowd and family we find : the mccandless ' : billie , mid to late forty with dark strike eye ; walt , a taciturn man , early fifty ; and carine , eighteen , pretty with she mother 's eye and waist length brown hair , a gold crucifix dangle from she neck . they look around , look for Chris , he 's nowhere in sight . intercut : Chris , in a shower ( photo - sonics ) he turn into camera , the water stream down he face . from the announcement podium come the name of they son and brother , christopher johnson mccandless . the mccandless family increasingly panicked over Chris ' absence , when almost magically , he appear in full cap and gown . 4. disregard the step that lead up to the podium platform , the small - frame but athletic CHRIS mccandless leap jubilantly onto the stage in a single bound , frightening billie , a little wince from Walt , and carine " that 's we Chris . " and just as quickly as Chris have be hand he diploma , he civilly descend the platform step . time CUT : slo -mo : a ballet of graduation cap float upward into a frame of blue sky . we hear Chris ' voice over this image as we intermittently cut away from the cap against the sky to focus on he parent . ( high angle : float cap in foreground , Walt and billie delight upon the cap . ) a outer glee in sharp contrast to voice over : CHRIS ( v.o. ) I see they stand at the formal gate of they college , I see my father strolling out under the ochre sandstone arch , the red tile glint like bent plate of blood behind he head , I see my mother with a few light book at she hip stand at the pillar make of tiny brick with the wrought- iron gate still open behind she , its sword - tip black in the May air , they be about to graduate , they be about to get marry , they be kid , they be dumb , all they know be they be innocent , they would never hurt anybody . I want to go up to they and say stop , do not do it -- she 's the wrong woman , he 's the wrong man , you be go to do thing you cannot imagine you would ever do , you be go to do bad thing to child , you be go to suffer in way you never hear of , you be go to want to die . I want to go up to they there in the late May sunlight and say it , she hungry pretty blank face turn to I , ( more ) 5 . CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she pitiful beautiful untouched body , he arrogant handsome blind face turn to I , he pitiful beautiful untouched body , but I do not do it . I want to live . I take they up like the male and female paper doll and bang they together at the hip like chip of flint as if to strike spark from they , I say ... the last graduation cap fall out of the `blue sky ' frame , and into ... CUT to : 3 int . atlanta restaurant - later 3 ( graduation ceremony wardrobe ) Walt and billie sit at a table . a cadillac can be see through the window ( atlanta landmark ) , park beside the restaurant . billie here they be . Walt look out the window and see Chris drive up in he old yellow datsun with carine in the passenger seat beside he , and pull up to the space beside the cadillac . 4 int . datsun 4 Chris be hold a book from which he read aloud the last line of the poem ... CHRIS I say ... do what you be go to do , and I will tell about it . carine who write that ? CHRIS well , it could have be either one of we , could not it ? he hand a book of Sharon old ' poetry to she . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) there 's a lot of great poem in there . 6 . carine thanks , big brother . they exit the car and frame . 5 int . atlanta restaurant - same 5 Chris and carine join Walt and billie at the table . billie get up and give Chris a big hug . billie you scared the daylight out of I , jump on to that stage , oh my god . Chris give carine a look . Walt extend he hand to Chris . walt congratulation , son . they all sit and pick up menus . CHRIS I be starve . time CUT : 6 int . atlanta restaurant - later 6 the food on the table . Chris be devour a steak . CHRIS my grade be gonna be good enough , I think , to get into Harvard Law . walt that 's a big deal . what do you have leave in you college fund ? CHRIS it 's a inheritance , dad . I have only be spend it as a college fund ... exactly twenty - four thousand five hundred dollar and sixty - eight cent . billie that 's very specific . CHRIS I have to go to the bank this morning . 7. walt well , we will certainly contribute the balance for Harvard . CHRIS yeah . I have get to figure out what I be go to do . I get a lot of thing to pack and organize here first . billie I be so glad you be get out of that place you be live . it be so much nicer when you live on campus . walt you will come to annandale before you disappear on we , will not you ? CHRIS ( reluctantly ) sure , I will . carine 's not so sure . billie you promise ? CHRIS ( whining ) Mom . billie well , you father and I want to make a present to you . walt we want to get you out of that junker . CHRIS what 's a junker ? Walt point outside to the datsun . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) the datsun ? walt yes . we want to get you a new car . CHRIS ( appal ) a new car ? why the hell would I want a new car ? the datsun run great . ( more ) 8. CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( mock the cadillac ) do you think I want some fancy boat ? or be you worried about what the neighbor might think ? billie we be not go to get you a cadillac , Chris . just a nice new car that 's safe to drive . you do not know when that thing 's just go to suddenly blow up . CHRIS blow up ? blow up ?! be you guy crazy ? it 's a great car . I do not need a new car . I do not want a new car . I do not want anything . thing , thing , thing . under the table , carine jab Chris ' leg . Chris return to polite - CHRIS ( cont 'd ) but , thanks anyway . walt everything 's gotta be difficult . CHRIS I say thank you . I just do not want anything . the group return to some superficial calm . carine I would not say no to a new car . CHRIS ( mumble a rib ) ivana trump mccandless . carine ( laugh it off ) shut up , Chris . ( to she parent , seriously ) seriously , I will pay you back . CUT to : 7 int . off - campus rooming house , second -floor , atlanta - 7 day over Chris ' shoulder , he frisbee he graduation cap from the upstairs window to he parent parting cadillac on the street . 9 . as they wave goodbye , carine catch the cap from the backseat window . and with a parting smile to she brother , she pose with it on she own head . Chris smile and wave goodbye . as the cadillac drift away , he smile disappear into something other than sadness . time CUT : 8 int . off - campus rooming house - night 8 in a warm ambient light , we see a black and white poster on a barren wall : poncho-clad clint eastwood from " the good , the bad , and the Ugly . " we tilt down a stack of book sit on the floor - tolstoy , stegner , thoreau , Jack London , and pasternak . beside they , a camper 's backpack . Chris sit in introspection at he desk by candlelight . the room be spare , support he monkish lifestyle . but on the desk before he , he count out $ 500.68 from a bank envelope . he pocket that bill and change , then remove a check for $ 24,000 make out to oxfam America from the same bank envelope . he scribbles a note : this be all my savings . feed someone with it . sign , Chris mccandless . he then slide the note and the check into a pre-addressed Oxford famine relief Fund ( in Boston ) envelope . he pull he wallet from he back pocket . pull all the card and picture from its sleeve . consider each , he flick they into a trash bin , one by one . finally come to he social security card , he hold it to the candle flame . as the flame burn bright we - dissolve to : 9 ext . atlanta highway - sunrise ' 9 music ( Gordon Peterson 's big hard SUN or as radio source Tom petty 's free falling ) rise and presentation title over : a 1982 datsun b210 emerge from the rise sun as the car head west out of Atlanta . ( highway 20 to 78 to 40 ) presentation title and music carry over : 9a . montage : we travel with Chris and he datsun through the town and open highway , landscape and landmark , day and night , that lead to the mojave desert in the West . 10 . ( in contrast to he introspection of the previous night , Chris be buoyant throughout this sequence . ) 10 ext . desert , somewhere between kingman , arizona and las 10 vega , nevada - sunset ( crane shot ) we see Chris stop the datsun in the middle of the desert road . we ( crane ? ) down to a close - up through the windshield . Chris look leave . then , right . into the rearview mirror , and suddenly turn the wheel , veer the datsun off the paved highway into the vast desert . as we crane back up , the datsun move into the horizon . end presentation title . fade music 11 ext . detrital wash - twilight 11 angle : west -facing the datsun sit in the magical pastel twilight just before darkness slide over the desert . it be position at the foot of a wash wall that edge the soup bowl . angle : east -facing the datsun , a yellow speck in the frame . coyotes yap at the moon . other than that , no sound on the desert floor . in the distance , voluptuous cumulonimbus cloud boil upward catch the last rosy glow of the west - set sun over the rim of the upper detrital watersh . we see strobe burst of lightning follow by muffle thunder illuminate the thunder cloud from within . short series of angle as we move in on the distant gully and ravine , start to run with copious amount of water . 12 int . datsun - night 12 Chris mccandless , in the same clothes he have be in back in the rooming house , sleep in the back seat of the datsun . his head support by he backpack . we begin to hear a rumble . but this rumble be not thunder . it rapidly build into a alarming roar . the roar grow to a deafen level . Chris awaken . 11 . as he peek up from the backseat look forward through the windshield , he just barely catch sight of the lead edge of a flash flood . a four-foot high wall of water , mud and debris make impact with the datsun , momentarily envelop it in water . suddenly the car be slammed against the cliff . crack ! Chris sit upright , disorient . Pov : as far as the eye can see in the desert moonlight , water have take over the desert with a flash flood . however , there 's no panic in Chris ' face as we observe he past a new crack in the wet windshield . the water , while violent seem to have top off just above the wheel . Chris get a slight smile on he face , as the car settles into its new position below the cliff . he return to sleep . CUT to : 13 ext . desert - day 13 what remain of Chris ' travel money burn in a pile beside the datsun on the sun-lit but muddy desert floor . we follow a very long set of footprint ( camera tracking / true vertical ) away from the burn cash through the mud , finally tilting up to the footprint maker , Chris . slogge toward high ground . wide - shot : we see the abandon datsun nearly a mile behind Chris as he walk toward we wear he backpack . he come very close to camera ( only a day or two 's stubble on he face ) and as we pan he 180 , we see as much wilderness before we as we do behind . reprise music over MAIN title : ( into the wild ) Chris walk into the distance . complete and end MAIN title . CUT to : 14 int . college build 14 shaky hand -held home video image ( 4 year earlier ) : 12 . Chris mccandless speak to camera hold a microphone in a shadowy room , do he geraldo rivera . it 's tongue - in - cheek at best . CHRIS this be emory University freshman Chris mccandless report from the vault at Thompson Hall . he indicate a hatchway in the floor lead to a brightly light corridor below . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) we have just dynamite the hatchway and be the first human being to step foot into this vault in over a hundred year . somewhere in here lie the secret of the great beast within we all . a beast build on lie , corruption , and greed . we hear a growling SOUND from behind Chris . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) and there it be ! the legendary beast mocra . camera quickly pan to a blanket - wrap , crawl fellow student in a grotesque Halloween mask . we move into cu on the monster growl . quick pan back to Chris . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( in mock fright ) we have get to get out of here quick and be - secure the hatch while we make a plan of how to kill the beast . camera shake all over like a bad horror film try to stay with Chris as he make a quick escape down the hatchway into the University dorm corridor . clumsy video time CUT : Chris nail the last nail in the hatchway from below . he climb down the step where he exchange he hammer for he microphone from a off - camera source . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) well , it look like we have succeed - we hear the monster 's growl from above . 13 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) - at least for the moment , in sealing the beast back into the vault . you humble reporter , Chris mccandless will now struggle with the journalistic question of ethic : will he retain he reporter 's objectiveness or save the future of human truth by slay this awful beast ? he give we a look of vaudevillian puzzlement - what will he do ? continue video : we pick up with Chris in a corridor outside a door with a cheap paper - and - tape label announce the adjacent room as the office of Ted Turner . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) once again , you humble reporter Chris mccandless . we hear os student comment on Chris and he video crew : os student what be this ? filmmake 101 ? os student # 2 Point the camera at I . I be a star . Chris speak straight to camera , still tongue - in - cheek : CHRIS ( with a wizard of Oz tone ) pay no attention to the voice behind the curtain . 15 int . would - be ted turner office 15 a fellow student playing ted turner with obvious fake mustache be lock into a episode of matlock on he television set as we bold reporter , Chris , barge in . CHRIS Ted ! we have get a monster in the vault . it represent all the corruption , the deceit , and greed within we all . I must slay it . 14 . ted turner / student ( worst act we have ever see ) mccandless , how many time have I have to tell you ? I have have to tell you that you be a journalist and you can not get personally involved in you case ... or you storey . CHRIS Ted ! I know how to kill it . and I be the only one who know . you can not keep send I on storey and expect I to do nothing ! I look like some kind of a idiot . ted turner / student do you know who you be talk to ? I be Ted Turner . behind Chris in the corridor outside Ted 's office , a panicked student arrive at the door . panicked student mccandless ! you have get to hurry ! the monster be scratch at the hatchway . he will be out in no time . ted turner / student ( threaten ) it will mean you job , Chris mccandless . CHRIS ( to Ted ) that 's it , Ted . Fire I if you want but this beast must be slay . microphone in hand , Chris make haste . the camera run with he out the door , through the corridor , up a set of step to the hatchway . as he arrive , the monster appear above he in the hatchway crawl space have pull off the board Chris have nail . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( into camera ) this be the only thing that can kill the monster . it 's gonna be risky but without great risk , there be no freedom . so we will now hear from the famous singer - Chris mccandless . 15 . a piano be pushed into frame beside Chris . a young black student pull a stool in front of the piano and begin to play . Chris begin to serenade the monster , intermittently share the serenade directly into camera as well . he burst into a uninhibit solo of tender be the night . camera tilt up to the monster look out the hatchway , slowly die from the song be sung . as the song continue to be sung and the monster continue to die , the audio recede and video image go to slo mo . carine ( v.o. ) when we be little , Chris be very to himself . he be not anti-social , he always have friend , and everybody like he - but he could go off and entertain himself for hour , he do not seem to need toy or friend . he could be alone without be lonely . the secret we parent keep , though unknown to Chris and I , lead to bout of rage and even violence between they that we have be force to witness since we be very young . it seem like they never fight without we . I remember the first family meeting to let Chris and I in on they plan for get a divorce . they want we to choose which of they we would live with . I cry my eye out . but the divorce never happen , though the threat and meeting never stop . it be not long before Chris and I shut off -- we would tell mom and dad to go ahead and get the divorce . Chris and I just want to get away from they fight and mom keep promise to get out and take we with she as soon as they company make enough money . dad have be the young genius [ that ] NASA enlist to do [ crucial ] design for the american satellite radar system that would be we answer to the Russian sputnik . and mom and he later start up a consulting firm combine she get -up - and - go resourcefulness with he wealth of knowledge . by the time the company actually make its first million , the careerism and money seem to erase she memory of the promise she would make we . ( more ) 16 . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I think this be when Chris begin to see " career " as a disease invention of the twentieth century and to resent money and the useless priority people make of it in they life . he would begin plan to " slay the beast " ... to make himself free . video image : the beast die . fade out . chapter 1 : birth - fade in : 16 int . tent ( in the scrub brush beside lake mead ) - day 16 we see a pile of berry sit atop a handkerchief . beside they , a survivalist 's guide to edible growth . Pov : the top of the tent - soft focus the glare of the sun penetrate the canvas . a fly buzze and land , hang upside down . the image be blurry . ecu : CHRIS ' eye delirious in the heat , we widen out to see that he 's filthy ( 2 week of growth on he face and naked . ) he make he way out of the tent , peer at the relentless sun and scurries to he backpack where he remove a canteen , barely a sip of water leave in it . he downs it . time CUT : 17 ext . lake mead day 17 the follow short vignettes be silent and focus exclusively on Chris : 1 . recreational boater on Lake mead . girl in bikinis . boy on boat eat kentucky fry Chicken . CUT to : 2 . at lake -side , a unusual sight - the new Chris mccandless , a sun and dirt - beat bum with a backpack . CUT to : 17 . 3 . a family ski-boat have take Chris on . they give he water , drop he at the north end of the lake at temple bar marina . ( director 's note : high angle , tight , see Chris and the glimmer water treadmill below ) CUT to : 4 . Chris wash himself in the lake by the marina . CUT to : 18 establishing shot : cafe , temple bar marina 18 CUT to : 19 int . marina cafe , unisex restroom 19 Chris brushes he tooth . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I need a name . he take a swallow of water . rinse he mouth . spit it out . then check he bearded face in the mirror . he like what he see . as he wipe the corner of he mouth with a tissue and throw it into the bin below the sink , he notice a discard tube of lipstick . he pick it up . it 's down to its end . yet with what lipstick remain , he write on the mirror : alexander supertramp be here JULY 1990 CUT to : 20 ext . marina cafe ( bldg rear ) - sundown 20 Chris be behind the cafe beside a pair of dumpster . he remove the datsun 's license plate from he backpack and discard they deeply into the garbage . CUT to : 17a . 21 ext . marina cafe ( bldg front ) - sundown 21 Chris appear from behind the cafe lug he backpack up the rise from the cafe to the highway and start thumbing for a ride . CUT to : 18 . 22 int . mccandless home , annandale 22 various shot to accompany v.o. carine ( v.o. ) toward the end of June , Chris have mail we parent he final grade report . Walt and billie open the envelope . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) almost all a 's . " a " in apartheid in South African Society and History of anthropological think ; a - in contemporary African Politics and the food crisis in Africa ; and on it go . clever boy , my brother . we observe carine in a delicate afternoon light . she be sit up on she bed with a unread book , look out the window toward we . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but by the end of July we have not hear anything from he and my parent be get very worried . carine 's Pov : Walt with he arm around billie in the yard . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Chris have never have a phone , so they decide to drive down to Atlanta and surprise he . CUT to : 22a ext . road to tahoe 22a Chris , backpack on , walk away from camera . CUT to : 23 ext . highway - atlanta - day ( end JULY 1990 ) 23 we see Walt and billie 's car pass under a Atlanta mileage sign . 19 . carine ( v.o. ) when they arrive at the apartment , there be a " for Rent " sign in he window , and the manager tell my parent that Chris have move out at the end of June . 24 ext . off - campus rooming house , atlanta - day 24 we observe Walt and billie chat with Chris ' apartment manager . carine ( v.o. ) when they get home , I have to hand they all the letter they have send Chris that summer which have be return in a bundle . 25 int . mccandless home , annandale 25 the bundle of letter be splay out on the kitchen table - " return to sender " stamp visible . carine ( v.o. ) Chris have instruct the post office to hold they until August 1st so that mom and dad would not know that anything be up . some part of I understand what he have do . that he have spend the previous four year fulfil a absurd and onerous duty in graduate from college . we return to the image of carine sit on she bed as she plop on Chris ' old graduation cap . we slowly zoom in on she throughout the remain v.o. carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and now , at last he be unincumber . emancipate from the stifling world of parent and peer . abstraction , security , and material excess . that thing that cut Chris off from the raw truth of he existence . I only hope he be safe ... and I miss he . CUT to : 26 ext . sierra nevada mountain ( lake tahoe area ) - day 26 20 . helicopter shot : ( music over : philip glass ) we find CHRIS making he stride through pine and peak , in awe of the scale and power of this landscape . tracking shot ( ground level ) : close on Chris , surround by a summit grove embrace in its nature . angle : a deer drink from a creek , pop its head up between tree and scrub , watch the alien human pass . a eagle soar above ( perhaps it be this Pov represent in we helicopter shot ) water babbling in a mountain creek . various wildlife shot angle : Chris - in he eye we see the landscape inject itself . CUT to : 27 ext . campsite , pacific crest trail - sunset 27 sequence : Chris make camp beside a stream pull a sack of rice from he backpack and cooking it . 28 ext . campsite , pacific crest trail - night 28 wrapped in he own " the good , the bad , and the Ugly " poncho , Chris eat rice while crouch beside a campfire read from Jack London 's White fang . CUT to : 29 ext . pacific crest trail - further NORTH - day 29 Chris be on the move north through the gorgeous landscape of the sierras , hum as he walk , when he come upon a sign on the trail : permit camping in designated campground only . Chris bow to the sign as one would to speak to a small child . CHRIS ( sing ) sign , sign . everywhere a sign . fuckin ' up the scenery , breakin ' my mind . ( more ) 21 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) do this . do not do that . can not you read the sign ? and then , very impulsively , he karate kick the sign off its post into a log collapse into --- CUT to : 30 omitted 30 31 ext . campsite ii , pacific crest trail - night 31 a burn log collapse in Chris ' campfire , reduce to glow ember . 32 int . tent 32 Chris be awaken by the SOUND of twig snapping in a nearby thicket . he quickly grab a knife from he backpack , unzip six inch of the tent door open . we see he eye peer out . the crackling move closer . his grip on the knife tighten . suddenly a hot white light hit he face . and a voice come from behind the light . forest ranger U.S. forestry . could you step out of the tent please ? now we see the forest ranger appear from the thicket . Chris exit the tent , catch himself hold the knife . CHRIS ( as he drop the knife to the ground ) sorry . I think you be a bear . forest ranger ( approach ) I do not blame you . you be less than a hundred yard from the nearest de . that 's why I come over here to talk to you . do you have some identification ? 22 . CHRIS no. I be sorry . my name 's Alex . I have be travel a lot and I get rob and my identification be take . forest ranger you mind if I take a look in you tent ? CHRIS go ahead . the Forest Ranger bend over . pop he flashlight through the tent door and peer around a bit before be - address Chris . forest ranger you be not the character who knock down we sign , be ya ? CHRIS ( giggle ) no. forest ranger because there be a sign indicate that camp be allow by permit only . CHRIS well , I do not have a permit . forest ranger no , I be sure you do not . listen , it look like you have get you food secure pretty good , so I be not gonna make you move on tonight . but , this bear out here be nursing young and you know how that go . next time , stop at the ranger station and get yourself a permit . CHRIS alright . I appreciate it . I be gonna be head towards the coast tomorrow . forest ranger be careful . they shake hand and the Forest Ranger disappear into the thicket . CUT to : 23 . 33 ext . the northern crest - day 33 Chris descend the mountain where they meet the redwood . every perilous step create a mini landslide down the hill ; dirt and gravel . Chris stop briefly to observe a over- fly commercial airliner . CHRIS ( mock imaginary conversation among passenger ) be that a man mommy ? that 's no mere man , sweetheart . that 's Alexander supertramp ! King of the wild frontier ! Chris briefly wave to the airplane above and continue he descent . CUT to : 34 omitted 34 35 ext . highway near willow creek ( august 10 , 1990 ) 35 a car slow to a stop . 36 int . / ext . car-highway 36 driver this be where I turn off . CHRIS alright man . thanks a lot . Chris be drop off . the driver veer off the highway and into the distance . Chris be leave behind to hitch another ride . 36a ext . highway 36 a camera be across the road from Chris as one by one car pass he by . he turn to move north by foot and we track with he , he back to oncoming traffic , he continue to hitchhike with a extend thumb . something catch he eye in the treeline beside the road . 24 . reverse : Chris , move to the mysterious object . as he lift it , we see that it be a goofy look straw hat . he dust it off , and snug it onto he head , when a police car come into frame and stop beside Chris . with a quick blast of the siren , Chris turn to regard the police car . the policeman get out of the car and move to Chris . policeman how're you doin ' this evening ? CHRIS ( reluctantly ) I be alright . what 's the matter ? policeman you wanna put you backpack down on the hood of my car . Chris do not oblige . CHRIS why ? policeman because I ask you to , sir . CHRIS but I have not do anything wrong . this be my personal item . policeman do you know that it 's unlawful to hitchhike on this stretch of highway . CHRIS you be kid . policeman do you see a safe area for a vehicle to stop ? we get a tree-line highway without a substantial shoulder here . and we have have a lot of accident on this road from people stop in the traffic lane for hitchhiker . CHRIS alright , but ... I mean , you stop you car . you be in the traffic lane . and you can see , there 's hardly any car out here . plus , it 's a straight road ; you can see for a long way . ( more ) 25 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( in disbelief ) there 's really be accident along here ? policeman May I see some identification ? now Chris be worried . CHRIS I do not have any . policeman you do not have any identification ? Chris shake he head " no . " policeman ( cont 'd ) ( pull out a ticket ) well , I be gonna site you for unlawful hitchhike . you do not have to appear . you can send a check directly to the humboldt County clerk Office for restitution . if you do not pay it within 30 day , you be subject to fine and warrant . I be gonna trust that you be gonna give I accurate information . what 's you name ? Chris can not bring himself to lie . CHRIS ( a beat ) mccandless . Christopher Johnson mccandless . CUT to : 37 int . mccandless home , annandale ( mid - august 1990 ) 37 Walt , billie , and carine sit around the kitchen table in August . a copy of Chris ' ticket have be send to the annandale address and sit before they . billie and carine sit silently . Walt 's on the phone . carine ( v.o. ) if Chris be try to disappear , it would have be a pretty uncharacteristic lapse for he to give the police he real place of residence . though my parent have already contact the annandale police with they initial concern , this ticket arrive from California make they frantic . ( more ) 26 . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my father call one of he old government friend who put he in touch with a private investigator , someone who would do work with the dia and the CIA . use the Willow Creek ticket as a start point , the investigator begin chase down lead . most of they lead far afield -- to Europe and South Africa . ultimately turn up nothing . what my dad could not believe be that he would give up he car . he seem to love that datsun so much . it sound just like Chris to I , though . he be very much of the school that you should own nothing except what you could carry on you back at a dead run . 38 ext . northern california highway , near orick , 60 mile 38 south of the oregon line - day ( mid - august 1990 ) with he backpack lung and a free hand hold he goofy new hat onto he head , we find Chris at a " dead run " to catch a ride that have overshot he . ( director 's note : do not leave this image too soon . ) a old van idle wait for he . as he get to the passenger side , the woman passenger get out . this be jan burre , early 40' , look to be still on the long road home from woodstock . a little heavyset , dark wavy hair with a lot of premature grey in it . Jan move to the side door . jan hi . we just barely see you there , under that crazy hat of yours . we could not back up - the van 's reverse be break . CHRIS ( as Jan fiddle with side door handle ) oh . that 's okay . thanks for stop . jan this door 's a little tricky , I will get it . and with a little pull , it open . indicating the pony - tail and bearded driver ( rainey ) , early 50' , definitely woodstock ... jan ( cont 'd ) hop in , that 's rainey . 27 . rainey hey , I be rainey . jan and I be Jan . CHRIS hey , rainey . hi Jan. I be Alex . rainey Alex of the hat . CHRIS ( close the side door ) yeah . Jan jump back in passenger seat and the van roll on . 39 int . rainey &amp ; jan van 39 3 - shot - CHRIS between they in the backseat . rainey be you out there a long time hitching ? CHRIS couple of day . but sometimes I forget to put my thumb out . jan probably , the rest of the time , that hat scare `em away . Chris check himself in the rearview mirror and get a kick out of what he see ( that hat 's stay on . ) Jan be look at the rearview mirror too , observe Chris with mild concern . jan ( cont 'd ) when 's the last time you eat something ? Chris pull out a bag of berry and edible plant he 's collect . CHRIS ( excited ) see that ? I have get this book and it show you all the plant and berry that be edible . you can find thing wherever you go . Jan steal a glance to rainey . he 's hip . 28 . rainey we be just in town get some bead and stuff . Jan do handicraft , so we be usually go from one swap meet to another . she 's so good at what she do , we sell everything . so , we set up camp at orick Beach . you be welcome to camp there with we . jan and eat there with we . Chris be beam at the think of real food . CUT to : 40 ext . campsite , orick beach - night 40 Chris , Jan , and rainey be beside a campfire , sit on blanket . they tent loom behind they . Jan be weaving some sort of craft art . Chris be chomping on chicken and bean like they be go out of style . CHRIS ( between large swallow ) so , I just leave the car . it be a great car too . I would drive it cross country the first time when I get out of high school . I have some really great adventure with it . that thing would just go and go . I mean , it be a ` 82 but if I would keep it , it would have last I forever . rainey so , you be a leather now . CHRIS I be a leather ? rainey nod , smile . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( look to Jan ) what 's a leather ? jan you be a leather tramp . that 's what they call the one that hoof it on foot . so , we be technically rubber tramp . 29 . rainey ( interject ) as we have a vee-hi-cle . rainey make a move to put he arm around Jan . she go a little stiff and fend it off . Chris notice . jan Alex could have a vehicle . if he do not burn he money . why would you want to do that ? CHRIS I do not need money . it make people cautious . jan ( a little irritate ) well , you have to be a little cautious Alex . that book of yours be all well and fine but you can not depend entirely on leave and berry . CHRIS I do not know if you would want to depend on much more than that . jan where 's you mom and dad ? CHRIS makin ' they money somewhere . jan come on Chris . you look like a love * kid . be fair . * CHRIS Fair ? jan you know what I mean . CHRIS I will paraphrase thoreau -- " Rather than * love , than money , than fairness , give I * truth . " * rainey * you look like shit . there 's the truth . * they all laugh . * 30 . CUT to : * 41 int . CHRIS ' tent , orick beach - later 41 Chris sit up read , he tent entry flap ajar to let the small candle lantern ventilate . os we hear a zipping SOUND . it 's rainey . we see he from Chris ' Pov come out of he tent deep in think . as he move to the glow ember of what remain of the campfire , rainey 's face go out of frame and all Chris can see be he boot foot , tapping bit of glow wood into the center of the fire . the tapping be slow and thoughtful . micro-ember float upward into the night . Chris ' tent flap close by he own hand . angle : Chris ' dog -ear he book and put out the lantern . CUT to : 42 ext . orick beach - day 42 we see Chris forage for firewood in the bluff above the beach . he 's get it tie to he back and he front . if we do not know better , we would think he be camouflage himself . Chris ' Pov : the rock beside the water 's edge . we see rainey sit beside the water , stare out to sea . we follow Chris ' gaze to Jan , some fifty yard down the beach , walk melancholically in the opposite direction of rainey . angle : rainey at the water 's edge . Chris appear beside he . rainey ( regard Chris wrap up in wood ) geez . if I strike a match to you , I would have warmth and dinner at the same time . 31 . but rainey 's humor do not hide a inner turmoil . CHRIS where 's Jan go ? rainey well , my friend , all be not well on the hippie front . Chris pull out he pocketknife , cut the twine that bind the firewood to he body , and take a seat beside rainey . rainey ( cont 'd ) you be a industrious little fucker , be not ya ... yeah , it 's funny how thing happen at particular time . I have love that woman for a lot of year . but you know , she 's get a ... story . we have be go through this thing real quietly cause , well ... so , after run into you last night , this thing we be go through quietly , she start talk about . you know what I mean ? CHRIS I think so . rainey you think what ? Chris be look off at Jan walk in the distance . CHRIS I think she 's probably quietly disconnect . it do not feel right to she to be close to you if there 's a hole of some kind somewhere else . rainey that 's a helluva insight . Jesus !... you be not Jesus , be you ? you gonna walk on that water and get she back for I ? CHRIS actually , I be a little afraid of water . rainey give he a sideways glance . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) it 's true . but it 's something I have get to get over sometime . ( more ) 32 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) so , I will swim in it if you will carry the firewood back to the campsite . rainey I will carry . shit -ye I will carry . and with that , Chris run down the beach toward Jan . rainey watch Chris and Jan chat briefly . then they strip down to they underwear and jump into the ocean , splash and laugh . angle : rainey . a warmth come over he , watch he old lady have some fun . he grab two armful of wood and head to the campsite . angle : Chris and Jan swim in the chilly water , have a ball . Jan increasingly indulge herself a motherly closeness and joy with Chris . and Chris allow it . she push the stringy hair from he eye , worry when he descend below the surface for too many second , and smile and laugh in tender relief when from below surface one of she toe be pull on by the big fish Chris . as he be - surface , she give he a splash right in the face . time CUT : 43 ext . campsite , orick beach - later 43 through a burn campfire in the late afternoon , we see the chilly body of Chris and Jan carry they clothes run shiver toward we . rainey sit beside the campfire . rainey I think you guy might need a little heat . Jan smile appreciatively . jan ( move to rainey ) that 's not hot enough . put you arm around I . as they embrace , Chris throw a coat on from he tent , put on he funny straw hat , and grab a book . rainey have wrap a blanket around Jan and they sit beside the fire . 33. CHRIS I be go to go down the beach a way and read a little bit . I will bring the rest of that wood back before nightfall . rainey alright . we might take a run into town to grab some food for tonight . CHRIS sound good . he head off down the beach . 44 ext . orick beach montage 44 music over : 1 . the ocean move toward sunset . 2 . seagull , glide inch over the water . 3 . the breeze on the sea grass . 4 . Chris in he big hat read at water 's edge . 5 . Jan and rainey deeply engage in conversation beside the fire . 6 . Chris close he book , remain meditative at water 's edge . 7 . Jan and rainey in town , buy grocery and be playful with each other . 8 . over Chris ' shoulder , the sun set and day become night . CUT to : 45 ext . campsite , orick beach - night 45 Jan and rainey on a blanket share a joint . Chris lie beside the campfire in he sleep bag . Jan take a toke , pass the joint to rainey . jan you know what Alex ought to do , rainey ? he ought to come out to the slab this winter . 34 . rainey oh yeah . rainey take a toke on the joint . rainey ( cont 'd ) you would like that if you be still on the road . lot of fellow traveler . rainey offer the joint to Chris . Chris pass it up with a hand gesture . CHRIS what be that ? the slab ? rainey it 's down in niland , California . you know where the salton Sea be ? CHRIS near San Diego , yeah ? rainey well about 200 mile Northeast of there , but yeah . niland 's off the east shore of salton . Wild place . the navy bulldoze and abandon a base there . all that 's leave be a grid of concrete foundation . they be scattered over about a square mile or so . jan when the weather turn cold across the rest of the country , people show up there by the thousand : snow bird ... rainey drifter ... jan sundry vagabond ... rainey / jan like ourselves . jan livin ' on the cheap under the sun . CHRIS you sell you handcraft there ? 35 . jan oh yeah . and a lot of second -hand goods . there 's a swap meet . the people be cool . there 's even some kid run around sometimes . most everyone there , if they be not avoid the cold , be at least dodging the IRS . rainey or the FBI . CIA ! ddt !!! the three of they laugh . jan it 's good . you should check it out . if you come , I will make a proper hat for you . ( stand , shaking out she blanket ) well , Alex . I be gonna clean up and the old man and I be gonna get some rest . ( indicate the sleep bag ) look like you get yourself a good bag there . CHRIS yeah ... my mother make it from a kit . Jan see a almost imperceptible mother pang in Chris , but he push it away quickly . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I be gonna sleep out here by the fire . I want to read a little bit . Jan move to Chris , hug he , kiss he on the cheek . jan you be wonderful . do not make I worry about you . time CUT : 46 ext . campsite , orick beach - later 46 the fire be burn low . Chris read from thoreau 's walden from the chapter on " Higher law " as we move slowly in toward he , we begin to hear quiet sound of what may be love-make come from rainey and Jan 's tent . a gentle smile come over Chris ' face and in its irony , he look to the page before he . 36 . Chris ' slide fingertip underline the follow passage : chastity be the flowering of a man ; and what be call genius , heroism , holiness , and the like , be but various fruit which succeed it . CUT to : 47 ext . campsite , orick beach - morning 47 gull pierce into the grey morning ocean , snap from school of fish . and the subtle crackle of a campfire 's death . there on the beach , Jan and rainey 's van , they tent , and the fireless coal of last night . but no sign of Chris , he bag or he tent . Jan appear from she tent , rub she eye . she wear a sarong which she re-secure at the breast , then notice that Chris have leave . but where he tent have be , the word : thank you jan and rainey be spell out in the sand with bit of driftwood . cu : Jan - we see she sadness . rainey appear at she shoulder . he understand what be inside he woman . jan he remind I ... rainey I know . go to wide shot : Jan and rainey remain as they be . foreground : seagull glide through frame . chapter 2 : adolescence dissolve to : 48 ext . cascade range - day 48 music over : Joe Henry 's King 's highway a series of shot : 1 . Chris hitchhike through the Sage brush upland 2 . Chris squatting over a water bucket , shave . 37 . 3 . camp in the lava bed of the Columbia River basin . 4 . walk across the Idaho panhandle . 5 . cook the last of he rice on the Montana border . 6 . hitchhike in the Montana sunset . 49 ext . CUT bank , montana - sunset ( september 10 1990 ) 49 we see Chris hitching down a lonely two - lane road surround by field and distant mountain . carine ( v.o. ) in early September , mom and dad get a call from the annandale police notify they that Chris ' abandon car have be identify by the Arizona highway patrol after a group of rare flower hunter stumble upon it in the desert . there be no sign that Chris have intend to return to it . but there be not any evidence of struggle . the police say they think Chris have choose to leave it behind and not that it have be take from he . Nonetheless , the initial comfort that give mom and dad , quickly turn to they realization that Chris be actually try not to be find . 50 ext . annandale STREET - dusk 50 we see Walt . he walk out the door of he house into the street . he keep walk . and we go with he in he silent but internal armageddon . we pull he in cu throughout all that follow ... ( refer to scene 171 : " dad call it isuspend animation . ' " this may affect we visual approach ) carine the year Chris graduate high school he buy the datsun , use . he want to drive it cross -country and visit we old neighborhood in California . the day before he leave be my dad 's birthday . Chris make a speech ... 38 . 51 int . mccandless home , annandale ( past ) 51 Chris stand beside the family piano , speak to a party of he parent 's friend , Walt and billie among they . beside he , a large gift - wrap present . carine sit at the foot of the stair at the back of the room watch she brother with a hint of concern . CHRIS ( a little drunk , a little emotional ) dad , you and I have have we difference over the year ... but on you birthday I want to tell you how grateful I be for all the thing you have give I . and that you do it start from nothing to work you way through college and busting you ass to support we kid . so , in return , I have be busting my ass a bit ... at domino 's pizza - Chris move to the gift . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) and I have get you this token , this damned expensive token , as a token of that appreciation . Chris hold the large gift toward Walt . Walt move through he friend to Chris and strip the paper , expose a beautiful Questar telescope . walt ( patting he son the back ) would you look at that . Walt hold the telescope up for all to see . and the party respond with applause . Chris walk through the cheer family friend to take he place beside carine at the bottom of the step . carine Jesus , you must have have a lot to drink . CHRIS too much and not enough . I use to believe all that stuff . that whole story . I think maybe if I say it again , I would believe it . but I do not . 39 . tear have come to Chris ' eye . he put he head in he hand . carine put a arm around he . back to : 52 ext annandale STREET - dusk 52 present : Walt expressionless , walk into camera . carine ( v.o. ) the day after the party , Chris leave on he trip and end up stay away most of the summer . it be nearly three month before he walk back into we house in annandale . he have a scruffy beard , he hair be long and tangle , and he be rail thin . as soon as I hear he be home , I run into he room to talk to he . in California , he would look up some old family friend who still live there . he would find out that long after he have be bear , we dad have continue a relationship with he first wife marcia in secret . 53 ext CUT bank , montana - sunset 53 brief cutaway to Chris hitching on the Montana highway . carine and that one lie have lead to another . that two year after Chris be bear , dad have have another son with marcia . worse yet be that it be marcia to whom he be still legally marry at the time . and it be Chris and I who be the bastard child . back to : 54 ext annandale STREET - dusk 54 Walt . carine dad 's arrogance make he conveniently oblivious to the pain he cause . and mom , in the shame and embarrassment of a young mistress , become he accomplice . ( more ) 39aa . carine ( cont 'd ) she and my dad have decide to bend the truth about this other child say that dad be not the father and they maintain that they fraudulent marriage be real . ( more ) 39a . carine ( cont 'd ) Chris be quiet when he tell I this . he say it make he " entire childhood seem like a fiction " ; that " the truth have be die everyday . " if something bother Chris , he would usually keep it to himself . and he make I promise to do the same . ( more ) 40 . carine ( cont 'd ) he never do tell mom and dad that he know . but Chris measure himself and that around he by a impossibly rigorous moral code . he loathe what he consider mom and dad 's hypocrisy and resent what they consider guidance . Chris submit to dad 's authority through college but I know he rage inwardly the whole time . it be inevitable that Chris would rebel . and when he do , he do it with characteristic immoderation . Walt suddenly collapse to he knee weep , heartbroken and ashamed on a quiet annandale street in the shadowless light of dusk . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my father be a brilliant man . but he have make some terrible mistake . and to some extent , it seem Chris be make he pay a awful price . the image of Walt dissolves into ... back to : 55 ext . CUT bank , montana ( september 10 , 1990 ) 55 a pick - up truck pull over for Chris . as Chris jump in , we see on the passenger side door , the name wayne westerberg boldly paint across it . Chris hop in beside a hyper kinetic man with thick shoulder and a black goatee . wayne ( roll a cigarette without move forward with the truck , he knee rattling up and down ) how're you do ? Wayne westerberg . CHRIS ( shaking hand ) hi Wayne . Alex mccandless . wayne seem like every time I come on this road , there 's somebody hitching out here who look as skinny and unfed as you . Chris nod with a laugh . Wayne continue ... 41 . wayne ( cont 'd ) look , I gotta stop in ethridge to drop something off ( know what I mean ? ) Chris be not sure about the " drop something off " part . wayne ( cont 'd ) how `bout you and I grab something to eat down there ? CHRIS oh , I would not want to burden you . wayne how long have it be since you have have anything to eat ? CHRIS couple of day . I kinda run out of money . wayne well , there 's no choice about it . I be gonna get you some dinner . Wayne light he cigarette , put the truck in gear and they head down the road . as the sun dip behind the horizon we tilt up off the depart truck to the sky . ominously mount cloud stunningly reflect the red ray of the hide sun : CUT to : 56 ext . sunburst - night 56 Wayne 's truck cut through a track in a wheat field move toward a compound of three trailer , one a double - wide , the other two on wheel , smaller . beside they , a wyeth -esque farmhouse . he ease the engine and come to a stop in front of the double - wide . as he and Chris dismount the truck , Wayne give he a hush finger across the lip . they tip - toe up to the door , where Wayne shuffles a bunch of key . a little thunder kick in the distant sky . 41a . 56A int . double - wide - night 56 a as Wayne and Chris enter , they tip - toe over empty booze bottle and pass out work crew ; Wayne 's harvest team . they make they way to a small table in the kitchenette . remains of the evening 's dinner be on the stove . Wayne turn on the stovetop coil to heat it up . wayne so where be it you be head ? CHRIS I be think about double back through the canadian side of Glacier Park . wayne yeah , I use to have a girlfriend who would go there , camp on the Black foot res . she be into all that american indian stuff . ( more ) 42 . wayne ( cont 'd ) I can bring you to the border at sweet grass once you have have some food . CHRIS well , that would be great . what do you do out here ? wayne well , I do a lot of thing . Computer programming . video game repair . I be a license pilot , own a grain elevator in carthage and another one a few mile out of town . but in the summertime I run a combine crew , follow the harvest from Texas way the hell north to the canadian border . we just get do cut barley for coor and anheuser busch . but then I get this little black box deal on the side ( you know what I mean ? ) CHRIS you mean that free satellite tv deal ? wayne ( as though he have not bring it up ) you say it , not I . Chris be dazzle by this renaissance man of the plain . Wayne stand to dish out a couple of plate of heat food . as Chris start digging in , a major gust of wind rock the trailer . wayne ( cont 'd ) ( smile , respond to wind ) ooooooh . Chris do not respond , dig into the food . point to the unconscious tribe splay out . six germanic - looking unconscious body . CHRIS who be this guy ? Wayne get a little giggle . wayne that be my hudderite . Agriculture 's a pretty transient business . this guy come off the hudderite colony look for work . I always get work for people . then that guy - ( more ) 42a . wayne ( cont 'd ) ( point at guy make most of he snore ) that 's Kevin . he 's with I most of the time . he 's not a hudderite . he 's from madison . CHRIS madison . okay . just then , the rain kick in full gear outside , pound the trailer shell . a couple hit of lightning follow . wayne listen , you do not want to go out there on the road tonight . why do not you just roll you sleep bag out and play like a hudderite until morning . Chris look about . there 's not much room but it beat the pelting outside . CHRIS thanks Wayne . I will . time CUT : Chris , with a grin on he face , lay in he sleep bag between a hudderite and the sleep kevin . Wayne come from the back bedroom , tip -toe through the sleep body to hand Chris a pillow . wayne get a good sleep . see you in the morning . Chris wave a thanks , put the pillow beneath he head and close he eye . 57 omitted 57 58 omitted 58 59 ext . sunburst - day 59 we be tight on Chris ' hand atop the shifter of one of Wayne 's lumber harvester . 43. wayne ( o.s ) okay . now take hold of the joystick , get the feel of header , idle it down with the toggle switch ... as Chris make the attempt , we immediately hear the grind of gear , the instrument alarm in chaos . wide shot : Chris and Wayne sit atop a combine . in the background we see Wayne 's trailer and two other combine pilote by Wayne 's crew member on the ocean of ripe blond grain . Chris try he hand at the shifter once more . this time the thing start to move . wayne ( cont 'd ) that 's it . that 's it . now take it on out and make yourself some money . Wayne jump off the combine and Chris begin to cut he pattern , intermittently struggle with the shifter . Wayne laugh he ass off . 60 ext sunburst - day 60 series of shot indicate a series of day pass as Chris get a hang of the machine a little more at a time . CUT to : 61 int . double - wide , sunburst - night 61 six man include Wayne and Chris , two among they - hudderite , crowd in to the small dinner area of the trailer . talk politics and bullshit , and eat a welcome meal . wayne I be gonna break out some whiskey . Alex , you want anything other than that beer ? CHRIS I would take a White Russian if you have get it . the group of man laugh at the youngster 's order of a fancy drink . 44 . man # 1 what be you Alex , a commie ? CHRIS no , I just like White Russians . wayne I have not get anything like that here . but I tell ya what . and I know I speak for everybody . you wanna come work with we in carthage , we will hook you up on the grain elevator and get you a White Russian down at the cabaret . CHRIS really ? wayne Dawn tomorrow , engine roaring . ( to the other like a mock blue singer ) " pot of gold . oh that pot of gold . " they all join in to the chant / song : all " pot of gold . gotta get that pot of gold ! " CHRIS ( raise he beer ) to carthage . wayne and he men ( toast ) to carthage . CUT to : 62 omitted 62 62a ext . highway between sunburst and carthage 62a magic hour . telephoto lens . the harvest convoy roll toward we like a herd of mammoth . 44a -45 . 63 ext . carthage - night ( late september 1990 ) 63 a series of silent , quaint establish tableaus . ( director 's note : condor above street ) it 's a sleepy little town . population : 274 . cluster of clapboard house , tiny yard , and weathered brick storefront rise humbly from the immensity of the northern plain . stately row of cottonwood shade a grid of street , seldom disturb by move vehicle . from under camera , the series of tableaus be interrupt as the convoy roar into we frame from beneath camera . CUT to : 63a int . wayne's truck 63a in the passenger seat , Chris be glow at he new surroundings . Wayne pick up the cb radio . wayne okay Kevin , get all the machine back to the elevator . I be gonna show Chris to he room . kevin ( o.s. ) ( over cb ) I have get dib on that shower , that shower 's all I . wayne ( laugh ) first come , first serve buddy . Wayne sign off and veer off the road . 64 omitted 64 46 . 65 omitted 65 66 ext . westerberg's carthage home - night 66 a two -story victorian in the Queen Anne style . Wayne veer he truck into the front yard , parking under the big cottonwood that tower above . short time CUT : 67 int . westerberg's carthage home - same 67 Chris follow Wayne up the narrow stairwell . 47 . wayne ( carry Chris ' pack for he ) come on up in here . this will be you room for as long as you hang about . Wayne open the door at the top of the stair . 68 int . CHRIS ' room , westerberg's carthage home - same 68 Wayne plop Chris ' pack beside a single bed in the tiny but comfortable room . Chris enter , very happy with he new quarter . wayne shower 's down the hall . if you hurry you can beat the rest of the boy to it . but you do want to grab a shower cause we be all head over to the cabaret in exactly thirty - six minute . so , get you dance shoe on . there 's foo-foo in the medicine cabinet . I think it 's brut . ( slap he own face as if he 's put on cologne ) then you want to put you charm in overdrive cause we like to pah - tay ! Wayne give Chris a wink and exit , shutting the door behind he . Chris take in he new surroundings . he 's on a work crew and he like it . Chris make the move for the shower but by the time he open he door to the hall , all the other crew member be barrel up the stair in front of they , clamoring for dib ( Chris ' Pov ) man # 1 I get first ! man # 2 ( in a kid voice ) you have first last night ! man # 1 ( enter the bathroom ) well , if you wanna wash my back , cowboy ... man # 2 you go ahead , fairy . just do not use all the soap . 48 . angle : Chris . he get a kick out of this guy . he close the door . CUT to : 69 int . cabaret bar , carthage - night 69 the Jack Daniels be flow . Wayne 's crew drink , smoke , and strike out with every fat woman in the place . gail borah , a on-again , off -again girlfriend of Wayne 's tend bar . a petite sad -ey woman , slight as a heron , delicate feature and long blond hair . Wayne and Chris sit at the end of the bar . wayne Alex , this be gail . this be the one to go to for that White Russian you have be want . of course the quid pro quo can be hazardous . gail shut up , Wayne . ( to Chris ) you want a White Russian , sweetie ? CHRIS ( shyly ) yes please , mar 'am . wayne yes please , mar 'am ? Wayne slap Chris on the back . wayne ( cont 'd ) ai not he great ? gail ( to Chris ) do not pay any attention to he . with that Wayne reach over the bar , grab gail and get she in a lip-lock , to which she ultimately give in . time CUT : 70 int . cabaret bar , carthage - later 70 Wayne and Chris be both drunk . 49 . wayne anything to do with hunt , preserve the meat , smoking it or whatever , you talk to Kevin over there . that 's you man . angle : kevin . he look every bit the Grizzly Adams part . wayne ( cont 'd ) outdoor -man . what 's the interest in all that ? CHRIS I be think about go to Alaska . wayne Alaska , Alaska ? or city Alaska ? the city Alaska do have market . CHRIS ( with a drunken , excited energy ) no , Alaska , Alaska . I want to be all the way out there . on my own . no map . no watch . no axe . just out there . Big mountain , river , sky . game . just be out there in it . in the wild . wayne in the wild . CHRIS yeah . maybe write a book about my travel . about get out of this sick society . wayne ( cough ) Society , right . CHRIS because you know what I do not understand ? I do not understand why , why people be so bad to each other , so often . it just do not make any sense to I . judgement . Control . all that . wayne who " people " we talk about ? CHRIS you know , parent and hypocrite . politician and prick . 50 . Chris be clearly troubled by he own word . Wayne lean into Chris . wayne ( tapping a long finger against Chris ' forehead ) this be a mistake . it 's a mistake to get too deep into that kind of stuff . Alex , you be a helluva young guy , but I promise you this : you be a young guy . blood and fire ! you be juggling blood and fire ! gail ( chime in ) who be you to be give advice to anybody ? wayne blood and fire ... what ? Mr. happy . that 's who I be . gimme a kiss . gail push he off with mock disgust . wayne ( cont 'd ) ( mock open he zipper , in a high - pitch voice ) come on , give Mr. happy a kiss ! on the television above the bar appear reverend jesse Jackson . we can not hear he but we can see he . Chris point at the television and yell out to the entire bar of cowboy and ranch hand - CHRIS now , that 's who could be President ! Wayne bury he face in he hand . CUT to : 71 int . CHRIS ' room , westerberg's carthage home - dawn 71 Chris be sack out from he night of drink when - boom ! boom ! boom ! the door knock blast into Chris ' head . he awaken to Wayne open he bedroom door . Wayne , despite he own drink the night before , be wide awake and fresh as a daisy . 51 . wayne workin ' time ! CUT to : 72 ext . grain elevator - sunrise ' 72 all the boy be hard at it , include Chris and Wayne . Wayne move to Chris ' side . wayne so , what do you think about all this ? ( the work life ) CHRIS I like all this . time CUT : 73 ext . grain elevator - day - lunch break 73 while Wayne and most of the crew get a little rest in the shade of the grain elevator and eat they lunch , Chris and Kevin be deep in a bald patch in the field . Kevin be take Chris through the pace of smoking and curing meat in the wild . Chris listen and take note . ( director 's note : cast a " Kevin " who know this shit and shoot it as a dialogue scene as well as a silent tableau . ) CUT to : 74 int . cabaret bar , carthage - night 74 the place be pack and Chris be take over the piano , surprising everyone with a tremendous talent . segue from honky - tonk country to ragtime , he 's become the life of the party . the music continue over : 75 ext . grain elevator - day 75 all the man of Wayne 's crew ( who by now we have come to know ) and Chris be work they ass off . post lap music fade out as we : 52 . intercut the crew at work with a series of mystery angle : tire kick up dust on dirt road , through town , and into the field behind the grain elevator . back to the work , back to the tire . back to the work , back to this several car haul ass through the field . back to Wayne , up high in the grain elevator - wayne ( to Chris , as he lower himself down the man-lift ) I gotta take a piss . Chris ' Pov : from high in the grain elevator . he watch Wayne below , as Wayne saunter out to the field to take a piss . with he back to we , Wayne whip it out and start pissing about 25 yard from the grain elevator . cu Wayne . he look up from he urination , the grain elevator behind he . we see a slight mischievous smile come to he face . he put he hand up into the air when suddenly - six unmark FBI vehicle surround he . ( director 's note : triangulate three long lense on Wayne as the mysterious car enter each frame , as they skid to a dusty stop on all side of he . ) Chris and the man of he crew look on . man # 1 I warn he about that little black box . as Wayne be handcuff and lead away , he nod up to he boy . wayne ( to arrest agent ) you wanna get that zipper for I ? ( and then call out to he crew ) sorry boy . gonna have to shut down for a while . Alex ! you come back and work for I anytime . ( to Chris and the man ) gail 's get all you check , guy . I should not be away too long . with that , the FBI agent have hustle the good - nature Wayne into the back of one of the car . 53. as they take off into the distance , we move in on Chris , bemuse . gail ( o.s. ) ( pre-lap ) where be you gonna go ? CUT to : 76 int . cabaret bar , carthage - late afternoon 76 Chris sit at the end of the bar with gail borah . CHRIS I have be think a lot about Alaska . gail Alaska ? what kind of nut - nut be you ? Alex , it 's October for Christ 's sake . you go to Alaska , you go in the spring . this time of year you wanna head south . personally , I like Las Vegas . one -arm bandit . that 's what I like . CHRIS yeah , maybe I ought to put off go to Alaska , at least so I can get settle up there in decent weather . gail South . you want to go south . you want I to take you out to the highway ? CHRIS ( put on he cowboy ) Little lady , I walk in , I can walk out . he put a few bill down on the bar , saddle up he backpack , and give gail a hug . gail you take care of yourself now , Alex . you get a whole family here depend on it . CHRIS I will . thanks gail . and tell Wayne , I will drop he a line . he give she a kiss on the cheek and he 's off . CUT to : 54 . 77 ext . carthage street 77 empty carthage street but for Christopher Johnson mccandless walk off as we crane up . CUT to : 78 ext . highway between carthage , SD and the grand canyon - 78 night ( october 28 1990 ) Chris have hitched a ride with a long -haul trucker . series of angle : music over : travel shot . CUT to : 79 ext . colorado river , stretch of the grand canyon - day 79 Chris disembark the long-haulers truck , wave a goodbye , and the truck move on . series of angle : Chris walk south through the desert follow the river bank . he cover twelve mile before he arrive in a Arizona town , a dusty weigh - in station . 80 ext . arizona town - night 80 the town be quiet but along the storefront lane where Chris walk , he come upon a sport goods store . in the window , a fiberglass river kayak . Chris stare at it . CUT to : 81 ext . interstate underpass - night 81 we hear pass car hum above . Chris have set up camp and he 's digging in the dirt . he bury many of he belonging . he make sure he 's get he check from work with Wayne in he pocket . he pack only the essential item , bury all else . he get into he sleep bag and go to sleep . CUT to : 55 . 81a ext . lee' ferry road - day 81a Chris backpack past the mushroom rock form at the entrance of Lee 's ferry . CUT to : 82 int . ranger's station - lee' ferry - day 82 Chris approach the GREEN -suited functionary at the front desk . GREEN suit can I help you ? CHRIS yeah . if I want to paddle down the river , where 's the best place to launch out of ? GREEN suit " to launch out of ? " what 's you experience level ? CHRIS not much . GREEN suit any ? do you have a permit ? CHRIS a permit for what ? GREEN suit you can not paddle down the river without a permit . if you like , you can apply for one here , get yourself some experience , and I will put you on the wait-list . CHRIS wait-list ? to paddle down a river ? GREEN suit that 's right . CHRIS ( giggle ) well , how long do you have to wait ? GREEN suit I have get a open May 2003 . 56 . CHRIS ( laugh ) twelve year ? GREEN suit well , you could always join a commercial raft trip and go with a license guide . they usually have a few last minute cancellation . I think it 's about two - thousand dollar . Chris bust a gut . CHRIS thanks for you help . the Green suit eye Chris ' departure with suspicion . CUT to : 83 ext . colorado river - day 83 Chris stand beside a dramatic section of rapid . the whitewater roar . as we slowly zoom into Chris ' face , terrify and absorb by the torrent , a bead of sweat drop across he forehead , tilt our camera to he tremble hand and leg , when Peter Gabriel 's I have the touch begin to play . back to : zoom into Chris ' face ... a decision : fear become determination we smash CUT on cue with Peter Gabriel 's vocal . slo mo , super dramatic - Chris blast out of a shoot in the rapid in the kayak we see the night before . it 's outrageous . hair-raise . just like Peter Gabriel sing it , he have the touch . this kid 's never kayake before , certainly never on rapid . but it 's that immortal stage of life , no care , no helmet , no life - jacket , pure adrenaline . he can hardly believe he 's survive it as he go but there 's no look back now . and with every thump of the music , we share he rush . his pure unadulterate exhilaration . with the culmination of the music , Chris have successfully shot the rapid . he paddle through quiet water . 57 . we move in on he as he maneuver the kayak to face upstream . there before he , the impossible rapid he have just complete . CHRIS ( to himself ) I be superman . supertramp . he feel immortal . he make he about - face and be about to head down stream when he see at the river 's edge , a group of river tourist and they guide lunching beside a pontoon raft . the tourist look like a bunch of bewilder tubby - trooper in they misfitted orange life - vest and cereal bowl helmet . the river guide yell out at Chris as Chris move past camera and away . the guide get on he satellite phone to alert the ranger . we zoom slowly away from they toward the rapid . CUT to : 84 ext . another quiet section of river - later 84 Phillip Glass ' cloudscape play over : Chris paddle on . low angle : it be a narrow gorge of solid rock , look up from hundred of foot below the canyon crest . CUT to : 85 ext . further along the river - later 85 the canyon have widen to beach - like bank . Music fade . along the bank he see a young blonde couple . this be mad and sonja , in they 20' , danish . they play at the river 's edge beside they campsite , hotdog cooking on a hibachi . Chris avert he eye when sonja rise from the water , topless . mad ( yell out to Chris ) hello ! CHRIS hello . mad you can join we ! Chris do not know quite what to do . but mad seem quite comfortable invite a stranger into the presence of he topless girlfriend . 58 . mad ( cont 'd ) we have hotdog ! Chris - can not turn that down ! he paddle to within foot of the water 's edge . mad ( cont 'd ) I be mad . CHRIS hi. Alex . sonja I be sonja . Chris give sonja a little wave . she bypass it , wading up to the kayak , give he a big hug . sonja ( cont 'd ) hello Alex . this couple be extremely energetic . can not wait to please . and a bona fide american adventurer in they midst . it 's everything they could have want . mad we be from Copenhagen . and you be from the rapid . CHRIS I be . sonja my get ! mad crazy man . you be a crazy man ! sonja , he be a crazy man . ( to Chris ) I will make you a hotdog . mad grab a hotdog from the hibachi . mad ( cont 'd ) just one minute . one minute ... sonja have move to the tent to put on a dry T-shirt . but as she move back to the water 's edge , that nipple keep say hello . Chris , meanwhile , simply can not wipe the smile off he face in the presence of this warm , open people . 59 . mad ( cont 'd ) I love this . do not you love this ? this be nature . we see it in the american movie . how come you be crazy ? CHRIS well ... mad ( interrupt ) because that 's crazy ! you come down the rapid . what do you want on you hotdog ? mustard and relish ? CHRIS you have ketchup ? mad no , I have mustard and relish . CHRIS mustard and relish it be then . mad sonja , you want a hotdog ? sonja ( in danish ) of course I want a hotdog . why be you stupid ? mad plop two more hotdog onto the grill . mad ( translate ) she ask I why I be stupid . and I say , well ... like I ask you why you be crazy and you say " well . " where be you go ? CHRIS I have not decide . mad we like it here very much . we go to Los Angeles . and then , we go to Las Vegas . sonja Las Vegas be very nice . the universe be very good . 59a . mad and then , we come here . maybe you go to Mexico . ( more ) 60 . mad ( cont 'd ) you can take kayak around Lake mead and then take the river down to Mexico . Chris like the idea . CHRIS how far be we from Lake mead ? mad sonja , how far be Hoover dam ? sonja grab a map from the tent , open and scrutinize it . we follow she finger trace the river . sonja maybe three hundred thirty kilometer ... like two hundred mile . sonja walk the map over to Chris at water 's edge and hand it to he . he study it . CHRIS man , I wonder if I could go all the way down into the Gulf of California . Chris trace he finger along the impossibly long route lead to El golfo de Santa Clara . mad ( enter the water with Chris ' hotdog ) I go with you . we leave sonja here . you and I in kayak - we go to Mexico . sonja ( in danish ) you be embarrassing . idiot . mad with a burst of re-exhilaration , grab Chris ' hand , shaking it violently . mad I like the meeting you . CHRIS thank you . I be very happy to meet both of you too . sonja head back for she hotdog take she T-shirt off on the move . Chris be about to bust a gut . sonja return to she sunbathing . this two be a hoot . 60a . just then , something catch Chris ' attention upriver . we can just barely make out the sound of a jet boat motor . his eye narrow a bit , then - 61 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) well , guy I really appreciate the hospitality but I wanna make camp down - river a way so I better take off before dark . CUT to : 86 ext . colorado river - moment later 86 Chris , back in the kayak be paddle down river . mad and sonja on the bank , wave a boisterous goodbye . and they just keep wave . and Chris keep wave until he have drift out of sight , when around the upriver bend arrive the river patrol . at river 's edge , mad , think quickly , wave for they attention . point the river patrol back upriver , he yell : mad he go thattaway ! the crazy man - he go thattaway ! and miraculously , the river patrol make a about face and head in the opposite direction of Chris . suddenly sonja think mad be the most clever man on earth . as she jump he bone right there on the river 's edge - sonja just like in the movie . 62 . CUT to : 87 ext . desert road , near hoover dam - day 87 Chris and the kayak be in the back of a pick - up truck head down river by road . we pass the Hoover dam . carine ( v.o. ) it would be Christmas in a couple of month . and the last news we would have be about he car be find . I wake up a couple of day ago , and for the first time , I be surprised to realize that it be not only my parent who have not hear from Chris . I wonder why he have not try to call in case I might answer . he could have hang up if it be not I . 88 ext . colorado river , topock , arizona - day 88 Chris be re-stocked on some food item which he pack in he bag and shove into the bow of the kayak . this lower stretch of the river have little in common with the unbridle torrent that explode through the Grand Canyon . emasculate by dam and diversion canal , the lower Colorado burble indolently from reservoir to reservoir , through some of the hot , starkest , most austere country on the continent . 63. carine but why he do not send a letter , maybe through a friend . I get mad . but I tell myself it be good . it make I remember that there be something more than rebellion , more than anger that be drive he . Chris have always be drive , have always be a adventurer . when he be four year old ... 89 ext . dark neighborhood STREET - night 89 Chris at age four . carine ... he once wander six block away from home at three o'clock in the morning . 90 int . neighbor's kitchen - night 90 four-year old Chris open a kitchen drawer . carine he be find in a neighbor 's kitchen , up on a chair , digging into they candy drawer . 91 ext . colorado river , topock arizona - day 91 as Chris paddle downstream with Mexico in he sight , he be stir by the saline beauty and the clean slant of light . ( director 's note : angle over Chris onto water reflect the landscape and diamond flash of sunlight . ) carine whatever drawer he be open now must have something sweet in it . CUT to : 91a ext . colorado river , topock arizona - day 91a Chris float in slo -mo through the air , he hair wisping skyward . 63a . as he pierce foot first , a clear blue surface of the river 's water , camera go underwater with he and follow he in cu as he surface , jubilant in the beauty of the topock gorge . he shake the water out of he hair . CUT to : 92 ext . colorado river , topock arizona - day 92 64 . Chris continue down river through the Imperial National Wildlife refuge , drift past saguaros and alkali flat . CUT to : 92a ext . imperial national wildlife refuge - day 92a Chris , on a day hike , the river behind he , he ( telefoto lens play in beautific back light ) track a herd of wild horse . angle : Chris : the herd move in a s-pattern . Chris run beside they and in we long lens perspective , he seem to be among they . CUT to : 93 ext . river campsite - night 93 Chris sit outside he tent , beside a campfire scrawling a letter . his " buy - food " bounty in evidence . the word appear on screen in he handwrite over the image : wayne , sometime I wish I hadn't met you . tramping be too easy with all this money . my day be more exciting when I be penniless and have to forage around for my next meal . I couldn't make it now without money however ... 94 ext . yuma post office - day 94 continue letter over : ... as there be little fruiting agriculture down here at this time . Chris move up the step of the post office with a envelop letter in hand . continue letter over : i've decide that i'm go to live this life for some time to come . the freedom and simple beauty of it be just too good to pass up ... 65 . 95 int yuma post office - day 95 Chris be in the elegant , 1930' - style post office buy a stamp . continue letter over : one day i'll be able to repay some of you kindness . a case of jack daniel , maybe ? till then , i'll always think of you as a friend ... Chris lick the stamp . continue letter on screen : GOD bless you , alexander . the stamp come down onto a envelope address : wayne westerberg c/o glory house sioux fall work release facility sioux fall , SD 57104 CUT to : 95a ext . the sand dune on the american side of mexican 95a border - day Chris port he kayak over the dune , snake a scar through the sand in he wake . Mexico in he sight . Pov : morelo dam at the mexican border . 96 ext . morelos dam at the mexican border - day ( december 96 2nd , 1990 ) careful not to be see , Chris shove off , just upriver from the dam / border . the floodgates be open just enough to allow Chris to lay back in the kayak and drift prone under the gate . he sit back up and paddle through have pass the border , either unnotice or ignore by patrol . fade out . 65a . 97 int . immigration office - night 97 a television set with George Bush play . sound of typewriter . immigration officer ( v.o. ) why would you go to Mexico ? CHRIS ( v.o. ) I think I would run the whole river into the Sea of cortez . the stupid dam dry it up . 66 . 98 ext . 50 mile south of the mexican border 98 Chris be kayake . he dead end in a reed tributary . 99 omitted 99 100 int . immigration office ( continued ) 100 immigration officer ( v.o. ) how long be you on you own down there ? CHRIS ( v.o. ) 36 day . immigration officer ( v.o. ) how would you know ? CHRIS ( v.o. ) finger and toe . we see Chris ' finger and toe . ( down angle into interrogation room ) CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) after the river dry up , I ported the kayak and get a lift to golfo . 101 ext . fishing village , EL golfo do santa clara - day 101 we see Chris jump down off the back of the duck hunter 's truck . he slide the kayak off the truck bed onto the street . Chris go into he pocket , pull out a seal sandwich bag of cash . he try to pay the hunter for they time but they refuse the money . Nonetheless , Chris be insistent and they relent . Chris pull he backpack from inside the bow and saddle it up on he shoulder . the hunter pull away . 67 . 102 ext . EL golfo do santa clara 102 ( 1000 mm lens ) low angle : sand and heat wave in foreground and background : Chris , paddle he kayak toward we , seemingly in the sand dune . as we boom up slightly , we see that there be a bend in the water 's edge and that he be in fact , paddle in the crystalline blue of the Gulf . CHRIS ( v.o. ) I paddle south about 20 mile . 103 ext . EL golfo do santa clara 103 under - water shot : we be directly under the pass kayak as it slice the water 's surface above we . we backflip the camera as it pass . CHRIS ( v.o. ) that 's when I see the cave and everything go upside down . 68 . 104 ext . EL golfo do santa clara 104 see the ocean and sand , wind whipping they . camera pull back to reveal Chris in a cave where he have make camp ; watch , wait . CHRIS ( v.o. ) a sandstorm hit and I be pretty much stick . my kayak blow away , so I leave it and walk up the beach , hitched back north , and here I be . CUT to : 105 omitted 105 106 omitted 106 69 . 107 omitted 107 108 omitted 108 109 omitted 109 110 omitted 110 111 omitted 111 70 . 112 omitted 112 113 omitted 113 114 omitted 114 115 int . immigration office - night 115 Chris sit with the immigration officer . 71 . immigration officer 36 day , wow . I guess they be gonna have to watch that spillway a little better . CHRIS what they ought to do be open up the dam and let the river flow . immigration officer I can not disagree with you on that . okay , Alexander supertramp . I think we be gonna let you out of here shortly but you have get two work week to get a id card in the United States . you can not be crossing this border without identification , be we understand ? CHRIS yes , sir . I have eat enough sand to send I back to the city anyway . CUT to : 116 ext . train yard , somewhere near algodone - night 116 a freight train crank up its great engine and start its move west . Chris Pov : we see a bull ( hobo slang for a railway security guard ) make he round . as the bull disappear around the caboose , and the train motion pick up , Chris appear from behind a fuel pump . he make he move in the shadow to the pass freight car , not quite sure how to board they . he begin to slowly jog beside the train . there be a vertical steel rod on each pass car . he time the train by put he hand out and let the vertical rod slap it . CHRIS ( count ) one ... two ... Three - 71a . and with that he accelerate to a run , throw he pack into the move freight car before he , simultaneously leaping up to grab the rail and throw himself into the car . 72 . but he leave foot miss and he 's suddenly dangle from the move train . he grab hand over hand on the rail . angle : dangle foot and razor sharp wheel . angle : Chris . he put everything into pull himself up , growl the strength into he muscle finally ... 117 int . freight car - night 117 as Chris roll forward into the car -- he make it ! CHRIS as Alexander supertramp return to civilization ... a hobo. ( quietly ) I be a for real hobo . he 's very happy about this ( despite the near surrender of it . ) Chris use he pack as a pillow , lay back on it and begin to sing Roger Miller 's King of the Road . CUT to : 118 ext . freight train - night 118 we track with train by helicopter as we segue from Chris ' rendition of King of the Road to Roger Miller 's . we let the train get away from we and disappear . CUT to : 119 ext . train yard , los angele - day ( february 3 , 1991 ) 119 Chris ' train pull into the yard . bull and loader greet the train . Chris jump off and break for the fence unseen . CUT to : 120 omitted 120 73. 121 ext . downtown los angele - early evening ( still light ) 121 the street be crowded with business people on they way to home and happy hour , bus and parking garage , shower and comfort . among the throng , we find Chris walk up Grand Street , backpack on he shoulder . we find he be not such a unusual sight , there be homeless to the leave and homeless to the right . CUT to : 122 ext . midnight mission , los angele - night 122 Chris walk in . 123 int . registration desk , midnight mission - same 123 ( reminder : condition of Mission be circa 1991 ) Chris stand at the registration desk talk with a a heavy - set black female social worker . CHRIS can you tell I how to get a id card ? 74 . social worker do you lose you identification sir ? CHRIS yeah . social worker no birth certificate ? nothing ? Chris shake he head apologetically . social worker ( cont 'd ) ouch . alright . well you be gonna have to work that out with the dmv . you can catch they in the morning . the social worker begin to write a address on a piece of paper . social worker ( cont 'd ) the close one be montebello and we can help you with a bus voucher . she hand the montebello address to Chris . social worker ( cont 'd ) so , just come to this desk when you need the voucher . CHRIS and , if I want to apply for a job somewhere , can you help I with that ? social worker if you know how to cook , we might have a space for you in we mobile kitchen . but I will have to talk to my supervisor about it in the morning . CHRIS alright then . thank you . oh , one last thing . do you have a bed for I ? social worker ( hand he a form ) sure . just fill this in and I will get you all set up . Chris begin fill in the form . CUT to : 75 . 124 int . midnight mission dorm , los angele 124 throughout the next two scene , there be steady honking of car horn , wailing of police siren , ambient hostile banter , grinding engine of buse , puff of diesel exhaust choke we . 300 homeless occupy nearly as many bed in the dorm . Chris search the locker wall for he assign locker . when he come upon it , he double check the number with that on the key , open it , and put he backpack inside . cu : the lock , as Chris close and secure he locker . CUT to : 125 ext . los angele street - 6th and wall - night 125 Chris walk among the horde of homeless at 6th and Wall street . open fire burn in front of cardboard shack . there be black , white , mexican , even family with child , junky , wino , hustler , and hooker . CUT to : 126 ext . los angele street - broadway - night 126 new angle : Chris walk down Broadway . this be clearly just block away from where we last see he , yet the atmosphere be as if of a different world . one of that downtown LA hip yuppie block . he come upon a bar . through the window Chris see young man and woman roughly he own age - work people , suit , gold - chainer . metallica blare on the sound system . CUT to : 127 int . midnight mission dorm , los angele 127 same cu on locker as before , but this time it 's be open . CUT to : 75a . 128 int . registration desk , midnight mission 128 we do not even see Chris but the camera be he Pov as he pass the social worker ( same as before ) the social worker catch a throw key . 76 . social worker you leave we so soon ? I know they dmv line be long ... CUT to : 129 ext . midnight mission , los angele - night 129 ( director 's note : traffic and pedestrian move in a accelerate speed while Chris move nearly in slo - motion . ) Chris exit the building into cu . he look leave , then right , then directly into camera . chapter 3 : manhood fade out / in : 130 omitted 130 131 ext . train track outside los angele - night 131 Chris ' train barrel along . 132 int . train car - night 132 Chris go into he pack , grab he canteen and drink some water . mid-sip , the train begin to make a surprising stop . screech wheel on track . Chris be alarmed . as he move to peer out the door , even before he have a chance to see what 's come -- wham ! he 's smashed in the head with a baton . a bull jump into the car with he . bull # 2 Lay down on you stomach , spread eagle ! 77 . Chris turn to reason with the man . and that 's all it take -- six straight blow to the rib , leg , and arm . we hear it more than we see it . Chris be in agony . bull # 2 ( cont 'd ) let I see you face . the bull shine a flashlight into Chris ' eye . bull # 2 ( cont 'd ) I never , ever , ever forget a face . if I see yours again , I will not arrest you . I will kill you . this be the god-damn railroad . and we will do whatever we have to , to keep you freeloader from violate we liability . Chris be try to understand what the man be say . bull # 2 ( cont 'd ) if one of you people get hurt on we train , we be liable . do you understand that ? CHRIS ( despite the violent irony ) I be sorry , sir . bull # 2 you have i.d .? CHRIS no , sir . bull # 2 of course you do not . CUT to : 133 ext . train - night 133 Chris be push off the train , he pack throw out after he . the bull jump down beside the track as well and walk down track away from Chris , signal a " all clear " with he flashlight to some unseen engineer . bull # 2 ( to Chris over he shoulder ) last time , my friend . 78 . Chris stumble to he foot . the pain of the beat be real . he bleed from the back of he ear . but he can walk . and he do . CUT to : 134 ext . desert highway - day 134 Chris sit on he pack on the roadside , hitchhike and eat from a can of bean he open with he pocketknife . the odd car pass but do not stop . CUT to : 135 ext . arizona interstate overpass - night 135 Chris hop out of a camaro that give he a ride . the lighting be anonymous and so be the driver . CHRIS thanks very much . he close the door and the car drive off . we follow Chris as he go to the overpass edge . he drop he pack over the side . Chris climb down the edge of the overpass , grab he pack , and scurries into the underpass below . ( we suddenly recognize this as he pre-river run campsite ) he dig up he bury belonging , return they to he pack . last to come out of the ground , Chris ' copy of Jack London 's call of the Wild . he pull off a temp wrapping and dust it off . Chris light he candle lantern and begin to read . o.s. voice from the past : billie ( o.s. ) ( scream , angry ) I be not talk about this anymore ! foot stomping off . walt ( o.s. ) do not walk away from I woman ! billie ( o.s. ) fuck you ! I hate you ! sound of scuffle . 78a . billie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) kide ! look what you father' do to I ! 136 int . mccandless home , annandale ( past ) 136 eleven -year old carine sit in the stairwell lead to she parent 's room where a argument ensue . carine 's head in she hand , a delicate tear moisten the web between she small finger . 79 . fifteen -year old CHRIS enter from o.s . he lean against the stairwell and look up the stair . we focus remain on carine . in the b.g. soft focus , Walt be pin billie down onto the bed . she flail at he but he hold down she shoulder . walt look what you mother be making I do ! billie slip he grasp . Walt reach out with a hit / push of she back . she be thrust out of the bedroom onto the landing above the staircase follow by Walt who position himself in the doorway like a hostile crucifixion . walt ( cont 'd ) ( raging ) I will just cancel Christmas then ! billie return to he , punch on he chest : billie who do you think you be ? God ? walt yes . I be God ! Chris put he hand out to carine . she look up to he . he give she a smile and a wink . she take he hand and they exit frame as the argument continue . walt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) where do you kid think you be go ? billie ( o.s. ) ( not in desperation so much as a demand for they witness ) kid , get back here ! we hear a door slam oc . CUT to : 137 ext . annandale STREET - day ( past ) 137 the young Chris and carine . she sit atop the handlebar of he bicycle beam as Chris pedal she down the middle of the street . we pull they as they ride . 79aa . CHRIS ( mockingly ) I will cancel Christmas ! 79a . carine ( humor out of she sadness ) who do you think you be ? God ? CHRIS yes . I be God . 80 . 138 ext . arizona interstate underpass - night 138 as they both laugh we dissolve back to Chris ( present ) read beside he candle lantern . carine ( v.o. ) in the nine month since Chris ' disappearance , my parent go through enormous change . guilt be give way to pain . and pain seem to bring they closer . my father have humble dramatically . and what have always be a sort of curt arrogance , the kind of man who actually think he could cancel Christmas , have give way to the vulnerability of a father 's heart . even they face have change . it make I sad that I could not share with Chris the new closeness I feel toward we parent . the image of Chris read begin a slow dissolve into ... 139 int . freight train car - night 139 carine I close my eye at night sometimes and imagine where Chris might be . suspicious , ghostly face briefly appear in the strobing light that hit the train car from outside . they be toothless and tattooe . age and young . punk and piercing . they be train tramp . we see Chris observe they . warmly he speak but we do not hear , " I be Alex . " 140 ext . tramp camp , las vega - day 140 carine be there beauty around he ? be he hurt ? be he alone ? we see Chris share camp with the train tramp in the outskirt of Las Vegas . dissolve ... 80a . 141 int . las vega restaurant - night 141 carine be he have the great adventure that he want ? we see Chris work as a waiter in a Las Vegas restaurant . dissolve ... 81 . 142 ext . mountain pass - day 142 carine could he feel the change here at home ? by some kind of supernatural osmosis ? Chris once write to I from college say he want to talk to I about all the problem he have with mom and dad . we see what may be Chris ' Pov from a train car snake through a mountain pass . dissolve to : 143 ext . las vega desert - night 143 carine he say I be the only person in the world who could have possibly understand what he have to say . we see Chris in the Las Vegas desert by a campfire at night . dissolve to : 144 ext . seattle - day 144 high angle cu : we see Chris walk the street of Seattle . as we widen out , he become a dot in the Seattle landscape . carine in that silent moment , with my eye close try to picture where Chris might be at that very moment , probably climb some scary mountain , I want to reach into that picture and bring he back to see what mom and dad , what we family might become . long lens : Chris disappear over the rise into the Seattle marketplace overlook puget sound ( per location photography . ) dissolve to : 82. 145 ext . annandale supermarket - day 145 carine but instead when I open my eye , what I see be my mother , sit at the dining room table , sifting through photo album and picture of Chris . it 's all she can do to examine the snapshot . and , though she break down from time to time , she study they with a sort of hungry intensity - like look at food you can not eat , or into a window at a family around a table that you be once a part of and can be no more . we see billie drive out of the annandale supermarket onto the boulevard . she see a hitchhiker roadside . she crane she head - be it Chris ? it 's not . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she convince herself it 's Chris ; that it 's she son , whenever she pass a stray . and I fear for the mother in she ... dissolve to : 146 ext . barren desert - day 146 we see Chris hitchhike in a barren desert . carine instinct that seem to sense the threat of a loss so huge and irreparable that the mind balk at take its measure - I begin to wonder if I do understand what Chris be say any longer . but I catch myself in doubt and remember that this be not the parent he grow up with . that in the force reflection that come with loss , indeed everything Chris be say , have to be say . and I trust for he that everything he be do have to be do . this be we life . CUT to : 83. 147 ext . bullhead CITY , arizona - day ( october 1991 ) 147 Chris be in the passenger seat of a Mac truck cab . both Chris and the trucker look outward as though to find a address or landmark . trucker I do not know where to drop you . bullhead 's kinda haphazard - there 's no " center . " you sure you do not want to be in laughlin ? it 's casinos versus chiropractor . CHRIS yeah , no . this be good . right here . trucker alright then . chiropractor it be . he pull over . Chris grab he pack and exit the truck in front of a laundromat . as the truck pull away , Chris see a " help want " sign for Burger King on the laundromat window . time CUT : 148 int . burger king , bullhead CITY - day 148 the place be pack with a line out the door . lori , the second assistant manager , hurry back into the kitchen , where we find Chris in paper cap , bun whopper at a leisurely pace . lori Chris , you gotta go faster . we have get a line out the door . CHRIS ( a bit oblivious ) okay . but then just continue on at he leisurely daydream pace . lori be about to say something but by now she know there 's no get through to he . she look down to the floor where we see that Chris wear no sock . lori ( extend patience ) Chris , I do not mean to be on you about everything . you be do a great job . ( more ) 84 . lori ( cont 'd ) I want to keep you on . and we all want to help you get to Alaska , but you have get to start wear sock . CHRIS right , right . I forget . lori and please . hurry . we be ten deep . CHRIS okay . but the pace remain . CUT to : 149 int . bank , bullhead CITY - day 149 Chris stand at the counter make a deposit with a young female teller . CHRIS how much do I have in the account now ? teller it look like ... let I see . include this latest deposit ... one thousand , two hundred and fifty two dollar and ... twenty - two cent . CHRIS what 's the interest on twenty - two cent ? the young teller giggle . CUT to : 150 ext . bank , bullhead CITY - day 150 we be tight on Chris ' sock - less foot , pedall away from the bank on a bicycle . the grow independence of he financial situation feel in the music over : series of angle as Chris ride out of town , into the desert , from a late afternoon sun into a sunset as he arrive at he - 151 ext . campsite , outside bullhead CITY - sunset 151 the casino light of laughlin , nevada distantly in b.g . 85 . Chris pedal up a dirt path to find many of he belonging strewn about . and in particular , some food supplies have be tear into . a coyote yip in the distance as Chris find he old straw hat tear to shred . across the desert , scurrying away beyond the tumbleweed , three young coyote head for the hill . Chris pick up he tatter hat and smile . CUT to : 152 int . burger king , bullhead CITY - day 152 we be tight on the punchclock as Chris ' timecard come into frame and be punch out . widen out to see Chris take off he paper hat and Burger King overshirt . he walk he timecard over to lori . the place be all but empty . CHRIS lori , I be punch out . lori okay . just put it in the drop . CHRIS no , I mean I be punch out for good . lori ( happy for he ) we have make we quota , have we ? CHRIS yeah . also , I have get to do some thing before I head north . lori alright Chris . well , we have enjoy know you . I will not be able to get that last check to you right away though . CHRIS that 's okay . I will let you know where to send it . lori alright then Chris . bye- bye now . 86 . CHRIS bye-bye . CUT to : 153 ext . bullhead CITY - day 153 City crew string Christmas light and ornament along the main drag . we crane down to find Chris ' bike lean on a lamppost . a cardboard sign attach to it read - free bike . merry christmas . - alexander supertramp CUT to : 154 ext . desert , highway 95 - day 154 music over : Chris be hitching south on the 95 into the Big Maria Mountains . Beyond he we see a sign for niland 206 mile . 155 ext . truck stop on interstate 10 , blythe , CA - night 155 continue music over : 156 int . men' room , truck stop - night 156 continue music over : Chris get a clean shave and a whore 's bath . cu : Chris Music fade . chapter 4 : family dissolve to : 157 ext . the slab , niland , CA - day 157 this be the vista of former barrack foundation rainey and Jan burre have tell Chris about . hundred of people in tent and trailer , a quarter inch to the right of a rainbow gather as hillbilly and renegade mix with the hippie . there be canvas - cover booth set up for swap and trade . even a few makeshift food stand . 87 . we see that many of the inhabitant have set up christmas tree outside they trailer and tent . kid play naked in a mud pool . CUT to : 158 ext . the booth of jan &amp ; rainey , the slab - same 158 we see rainey sell they ware . beside the booth , they van with its backseat door open . a little dog , sunni , jump out the van door , sniff something out . Jan exit the van after the dog . jan sunni ! come here boy . but sunni have sniff out Chris ' large backpack lean against the rear of the van . Jan be just beginning to recognize it , when from behind the van appear Chris , look like a million buck . CHRIS surprise ! jan ( overjoy ) Alex ! as she go to hug he - angle : rainey hearing he name , jump up from he stool to join they . Big embrace all around . CUT to : 159 ext . the slab - night 159 a impromptu campfire celebration with live music from a makeshift stage . Jan , rainey , and Chris sit on chair outside the circle of inhabitant , take in the music . jan you have to tell we everything . ( note : this scene should largely be improvise . they all know they character , they history . Jan and rainey be do great . and while Chris be intermittently aware that the eye of a pretty 16 - year old girl be upon he , Chris lay out he travel and he plan for alaska . 88. Jan remark , " I guess if you can figure out how to paddle a canoe down to Mexico , hop freight train , and score bed at inner-city mission , you can figure out Alaska too . " ) at this point , the pretty 16 - year old girl who have have she eye on Chris , take the stage with a acoustic guitar , introduce herself as tracy , then sing a * innocent love song of she own composition , steal seductive glance at Chris throughout the performance . jan ( cont 'd ) I think you have make yourself a friend . CHRIS ( blush ) she 's only a teenager . jan good luck . the girl finish she song . CUT to : 160 ext . the booth of jan &amp ; rainey - day 160 Chris and rainey man the second -hand goods booth while Jan bathes sunni in a steel bucket by the van . among the goods , a used organ . Chris be thrilled to have access to all the second -hand book that be part of rainey and Jan 's inventory . as he skim through Jack London 's odyssey of the North , rainey notice Tracy sit on the * step of she vagabond parent ' rig across from the booth . she pick silently at she guitar with she bright eye fix on Chris . rainey how long can you stay with we ? CHRIS well , I be wait on a check from my last job to come into salton City the day after Christmas . I have get to start think about get ready for Alaska . when the sun get a little lower tonight , I be go to start a calisthenics routine . I think after the check come in , I will try to find some mountain I can climb everyday till spring come . I gotta see how far the money 's gonna go . ( more ) 89 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I be go to have to pick up a lot of supplies before spring . so , I might take another job or I might be okay . rainey well , you know , we will give you a little something for every day you work the booth . CHRIS I be not take any money from you , rainey . it 's be a real great twist meeting you two . you look like you be do good . rainey we be , and you be a big part of that , come along when you do . yep , thing be good . ( give a little giggle ) man , I use to think tantric sex be just a bunch of read . speak of which , do not you think you ought to introduce yourself to joni Mitchell over there ? Chris look up from he book to the wide open 16 - year old smile of Tracy . rainey laugh aloud . Chris smile back , * and against he better instinct , give she a little wave - over with the paperback . Tracy jump off she step , * put she guitar inside the rig , and trot like a little wood nymph to Chris . tracy * hi. CHRIS hi. tracy * you sell book ? CHRIS I be . we be . tracy * I read a lot . CHRIS do you ? tracy * yeah . 90 . CHRIS that 's good . I hear you play you song last night . tracy * ( embarrassed ) I be terrible . rainey amused by all of this . CHRIS you be not terrible . tracy * I be not ? CHRIS no . you sing sweet . tracy * thank you . I be go to go watch the kid play in the mud . do you want to go ? rainey go on . I will watch the store . CHRIS I be sorry . this be rainey . and I be Chris . whoops , a slip on the name , but ... rainey hi. rainey . and this be Alex . ( " do not lie to she . " ) tracy * I be Tracy . * Chris realize he slip but before rainey can question anything , Chris stand and go off with Tracy . * rainey and Jan share a conspiratorial smile . 161 ext . the mud pit , the slab - same 161 ( salvation Mountain ? ) ( Leonard ? ) 91 . long lens : we watch Chris and Tracy sit pit-side with a * foreground of frolick naked child splash about in the mud . we do not hear they conversation . we just watch its gentleness . CUT to : 162 ext . rainey &amp ; jan be van , the slab - night 162 Tracy help rainey cook dinner on the barbecue , meaning * to demonstrate to Chris what a wonderful wife she would be . Jan and Chris sip on beer sit beside each other on fold chair , out of rainey and Tracy 's earshot . * jan I be not much older than Tracy when I get * pregnant . and I think my husband and I be go to invent peace on earth and stay together forever . but it do not work out that way . he leave . History . now ancient history . and that be the end of that . so , I raise reno by myself - that 's my son . then I meet rainey . and that be really good for a while . but reno be already a teenager and be become a man in he own way . and then , I do not know . he kinda follow in he father 's footstep - out the door and go . and I really do not know where he be . I have not hear from he in two year . CHRIS I hope I get to meet he sometime . Jan look into Chris ' eye and smile with pure love . she lean over and gently kiss Chris on the cheek . jan do you folk know where you be ? Chris aim to deflect the question as Tracy enter the * scene . tracy * Soup 's on . oh , I be sorry . be you guy get heavy ? 92 . jan no , sweetheart . just hungry . you have be do a fantastic job over there . ( to Chris ) shall we eat ? CHRIS yeah . Tracy grab Chris ' hand and proudly lead he to supper . * as they exit frame , we remain for a moment with Jan and she thought . CUT to : 163 int . / ext . slab montage - day 163 music over : montage : 1 . Chris read and sell book . 2 . Chris and Tracy take walk with sunni . * 3 . rainey and Jan steal some afternoon delight in the van . ( it 's the day of wine and rose ) 4 . Chris ' new daily regimen of calisthenics . 5 . Tracy 's new daily regimen of watch Chris do * calisthenics . his lean body tighter and stronger everyday . CUT to : 164 ext . rainey &amp ; jan be van , the slab - ( christmas ) day 164 rainey stand over Chris as Chris do sit-up . rainey 's gut hang a little heavy over he belt . os voice exchange Christmas greeting . rainey I really ought to get myself do that . CHRIS you should rainey . make that tantric stuff go even better . 93. rainey how the hell would you know ? that poor girl over there be about ready to vault onto a fence post . and here you be , the monk of Jack lalane . they share a laugh . Chris come to the end of he sit - up . wipe he brow with a towel . rainey squat down next to he . rainey ( cont 'd ) I guess Jan fill you in . about reno and everything . Children can be harsh judge when it come to they parent . they do not grant clemency easily . I think reno tend to see thing in black and white . I just hope he life long enough to forgive she . the connection be not lose on Chris . rainey ( cont 'd ) but painful as it be , you turn a light on in she and I be grateful . CHRIS I too . rainey for what ? Chris do not answer . a kid ride by on a bright new Big wheel . must be from the rich side of the commune . rainey ( cont 'd ) do you folk know where you be ? CHRIS no . rainey do not you think they ought to ? CHRIS they should . but I can not . not yet , anyway . I get a sister though , carine . she 's the most beautiful girl in the world . but , it 's all get to stay behind I until I get where I be go . rainey Alaska ? 94 . CHRIS yeah , rainey . Alaska . rainey will not intrude any further . he just nod . Chris notice Tracy in the door of she parent 's rig , stealthily * wave he over . Chris give rainey the " uh-oh " look , pull on he T-shirt , and walk over to the rig . Tracy * have disappear inside . CUT to : 165 int . tracy's parent rig - same 165 * Chris pop he head in . CHRIS hello ? merry Christmas ? tracy ( o.c . ) * come in here . as Chris mount the step , he find Tracy lay on the * bed inside , wear a skimpy white girl 's tank top and underpant . tracy ( cont 'd ) * guess what . CHRIS ( deer in headlight ) what ? tracy * my parent go into town . CHRIS no ! tracy * yes , they do . they go to call my grandma for Christmas . CHRIS no , I mean , no , we can not do that . tracy * why not ? Chris move to sit on the edge of she bed . Tracy sit up * beside he . 95 . CHRIS how old be you ? tracy * eighteen . Chris throw she a look of doubt . tracy ( cont 'd ) * seventeen . CHRIS what year be you bear ? as soon as she have to think about it , the jig be up . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you want to do something together ? shyly , she shake she head " yes . " CUT to : 166 ext . the slab - night 166 we see the use Christmas tree of the resident be throw onto a exist campfire , building into the enormous , celebratory bonfire that light the scene . as we do with the footstep in the mud and the kayak slashing the sand , we track vertically along a extension cord from one of the trailer generator to the stage until we find - Tracy with she guitar and Chris with the second-hand * organ from rainey and Jan 's booth on the stage . they enter into a duet of John prine 's angel from Montgomery for the crowd of the slab ' fire - light inhabitant . in the crowd , we find rainey and Jan clap and dance along to Chris and Tracy 's song . merry Christmas . * CUT to : 167 ext . the slab - day 167 Jan be pull the van out from they plot . rainey be guide the single - directional vehicle . Chris and Tracy stand beside the car path . Chris write * down Wayne westerberg 's carthage address . 96 . CHRIS you can always get in touch with I by send mail here . I do not know when I will get it , but I will get it . tracy * ( cry ) okay . CHRIS you be pretty magic . tracy * I be ? he hug she . and kiss she . ( cheek , lip ? I do not know . ) Jan pull up in the van . rainey walk over to Chris and give he a paternal hug . rainey you take care of yourself , kiddo . CHRIS you too , rainey . thanks for everything . Chris give rainey 's gut a full - hand pinch . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) New Year 's resolution ? rainey give he a wink and put he arm around Tracy as * Chris jump into the car . then he and Jan hit the road . CUT to : 168 ext . market post office , salton CITY - day 168 this market / liquor store / post office serve as the cultural nexus for the great salton Sea area . as Jan 's van pull up opposite the post office and make a U -turn to curbside , Chris get out of the van . now Jan 's eye really well up . jan ( sweetly ) just get you pack out of the back and get out of here . I can not take a hug . 97 . Chris say nothing . he just look at Jan . they understand each other . Chris close the door . he fiddle with the break handle of the back door , get it open , get he pack out . on top of he pack , a wrapped XMAS gift and when he close the back door , Jan head straight off back to the slab . Chris open the giftwrap ; it 's the new hat Jan have promise . Chris be touch . CUT to : 169 ext . two - lane road , annandale , VA ( past ) - day 169 telephoto lens : a long two - lane road before we rise and fall in a series of saddle and peak . the narrow shoulder be densely wood . slowly appear over the near most peak , a team of EIGHT shirtless high school runners . lead the group - 17 year -old christopher mccandless . lean , softly handsome , and graceful . carine ( v.o. ) in high school , Chris become captain of the cross -country track team . they call themselves the Road Warrior . reverse angle : the group of young runner , lead by Chris suddenly veer off the paved road into the adjoin wood . 170 ext . trail , annandale ( past ) - day 170 series of angle : the runner , lead by Chris , pace uncharter trail , grassy hillside , and shallow stream . carine he would take they on what he love to refer to as " epic " run . the whole point be to run until they be completely lose and so exhaust that they be on the verge of puke . then they would slow down a little , somehow he would find they bearing , and lead they home again at full speed . this be my brother idea of fun . we favor Chris as he jog in place at the exhilate point of be lose . when he have identify a most likely return route , he quicken he pace , lead the group in the direction of return . CUT to : 98 . 171 int . market / post office , salton CITY 171 Chris head out with he last Burger King check in hand , proudly wear he new hat and in search of mountain to climb . carine ( v.o. ) a year and a half into Chris ' disappearance , each day that go by now feel like two . dad call it " suspend animation . " I keep tell myself that he have to get lose to prove he independence to himself . but this be no day run for the Road Warrior and after so much time , I could no longer keep out the haunt thought . 172 ext . market / post office , salton CITY - day 172 Chris , with pack and new hat walk away from camera toward the interstate and the brittle mountain beyond . carine ( v.o. ) in many way , my life and even my parent have begin to move in new direction . I would fall in love . and mom and dad have even venture out on a brief vacation . but , when a search of tax record uncover Chris ' contribution to oxfam , the weight of he disappearance just seem to lie down on we full length . chapter 5 : getting of wisdom dissolve to : 173 ext . badland of anza - borrego desert state park - day 173 ( JANUARY 1992 ) 99 . wide shot : we see the oh my God hot Springs . steam pool line with rock and shade by palm tree . a small group of camper and Charlie Manson wannabe in foreground . we zoom past they to the sheer rock face and landform of the badland , several mile beyond . CUT to : 174 ext . stone wall , anza - borrego desert - day 174 slo mo : we be look down a radically steep rock face . a shirtless Chris be in training run towards we under the hot desert sun . we hear only breath and footstep . CUT to : 175 ext . CHRIS ' camp beside the stone wall - day 175 Chris rest on the sand under a tarp , hang from a creosote branch . a plate of bean and rice eat nearly clean and a empty water jug beside he . fly buzz and pick . CUT to : 176 ext . oh-my-god hot spring - day 176 Chris on a morning jog , wear a shoulder bag and carry a empty water jug . a quick wave to one of he distant " neighbor " at the spring 's camp as he run by . CUT to : 177 ext . pave two - lane road into salton CITY - day 177 Chris continue he jog , car whisk by and dust kick into the air . but Chris be undeterred , keep run . 178 ext . market / post office , salton CITY - same 178 Chris approach , slow he jog to a walk . Chris set down he water jug and stretch he calve . in the distance we see the peak of the badland landform from where he run . 100 . Chris shake off the jog , pick up the jug , and we go with he around the side of the building . there 's a water faucet drip slowly into the desert mud . Chris pop he jug under it and fill it up . CUT to : 179 int . market / post office - same 179 Chris walk the aisle , sip from he jug , as he come across bag of rice on the market shelf . a heavy set girl pass he in the aisle with she well - mannered dog follow she . CHRIS ( no high - pitch pet voice ) hey boy . you be a handsome fellow . ( over shoulder to the girl ) beautiful dog . the girl thank you . as the girl continue on , the dog want to stay with Chris . CHRIS go on , boy . go on . and the dog obey he . as he sort through the various rice selection , brown , white , wild , we notice a man peer over the opposite shelf at Chris . this be ron franz , between 70 and 80 year old , six - foot , thick arm , barrel chest , and large ear . he wear old jeans , a immaculate white T-shirt , a decorative tool leather belt , white sock , and scuff black loafer . his deeply pitte nose demonstrate a purple filigree of vein which unfold like a finely wringht tattoo . and on either side of it , the wary blue eye of a soldier . he be the archetypical american man . Chris have catch he sympathetic eye . Chris move to the counter to pay for rice . CUT to : 180 ext . market / post office - same 180 in wide shot , we watch Chris from behind , walk out across the two - lane road . he put out he thumb to hitch a ride . 101 . when a truck come from behind into frame head straight for Chris , the truck make a relaxed l-turn , pull up beside Chris . 181 int . ron' truck 181 ron where 's you camp ? CHRIS ( point ) out past oh - my - God hot Springs . ron I have live in and around here six year now and I have never hear of any place that go by that name . ron lean across the bench seat of the truck , open up the passenger door . ron ( cont 'd ) show I how to get there . Chris hop in beside ron , who extend he hand - ron ( cont 'd ) ron franz . CHRIS Alex . ron Alex . where be you from Alex ? CHRIS West Virginia . ron okay , Alex from West Virginia . I like a fellow who do not raise the pitch of he voice when he talk to animal ... show he do not condescend . Chris remember now the dog in the store and why ron must have think to give he a ride . and they head off . 182 ext . few mile up road 182 ron truck drive up the road . 102 . 183 int . ron' truck 183 as we come upon a 4 x4 track twist down a narrow wash - CHRIS you go leave here . ron turn the truck down the 4 x4 track . 184 ext . 4x4 track , anza - borrego desert - same 184 we watch the truck bump and grind on the mangle dirt road about a mile in . out the window , ron 's eye have be catch by something . ron 's Pov : oh - my - God hot Springs - we see a couple of day - glo van and rusted out studebaker that have not be turn over since eisenhower be in the White House . several of that live there mill about buck naked . and at the center of the camp , the steaming pool line with rock under the palm tree . ron you live here ? CHRIS no , we keep go . I be further up . another half - mile or so , out on the bajada . 185 ext . CHRIS ' camp beside the stone wall - same 185 ron and Chris drive up in the truck . ron shut off the ignition and get out of the truck to stretch he leg . Chris follow , put he full water jug under the tarp at he campsite , hook it onto a branch . he throw he shoulder bag with the rice in it into he backpack . ron well , this be something ' out here . do not you worry about that dope smoker and nudist down below there ? CHRIS no , they keep to themselves pretty much and so do I . 103 . ron ( skeptical ) hmmm . you strike I as a bright young man . be I wrong about that ? CHRIS I think I get my head on my shoulder pretty good . ron that 's what I mean . how long have you be out here ? CHRIS couple of week . ron and before that ? CHRIS a lot of place . I have be move around . ron how old be you ? CHRIS twenty -three . ron twenty - three year old ! Son , do not you think you should be get a education ? and a job ? and make something of this life ? CHRIS look Mr. franz . I think career be a twentieth century invention and I do not want one . you do not need to worry about I . I have a college education . I be not destitute . I be live like this by choice . ron in the dirt ? CHRIS ( laugh ) yeah , in the dirt . ron I just do not know . where 's you family ? 104 . CHRIS do not have one anymore . ron that 's a shame . Chris can see some deep sadness in this man . CHRIS hey , Mr. franz . I want to show you something . ron follow Chris to the rockface we would see Chris run earlier . they begin to walk up it . it 's tough on the old - timer , walk this steep hill . but he 's a tough old - timer , at least for the moment ... angle : the two man nearly half way to the summit . it 's get steeper and higher . ron stop . ron this be get a little steep . and a little high for I kid . CHRIS alright . but look out there . even from half way out , it 's quite a sight be not it ? they Pov : enormous beautiful vista all the way across the bajada . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) from the top you can see all the way to the salton Sea too . ron look up the precarious rock wall . he be not gonna be see the salton Sea today . ron you can see the salton Sea from up there ? CHRIS yes , sir . ron ( start he way down the hill ) my goodness . CHRIS you do not want to go up ? 105 . ron nope . I do not do this kind of thing . Chris smile and follow ron . as they approach the bottom of the hill - ron ( cont 'd ) how about you and I take a drive ? about fifty mile or so up highway , I know a place that 's get a view , great food , and require no climb . how 's that sound ? Chris think about it . then - CHRIS yeah , sure . it will take I a couple of minute to clean up . ron Fair enough . CUT to : 186 ext . desert highway - afternoon 186 ron 's truck drive through frame . 187 ext . indian avenue southbound , palm spring - day 187 we see ron and Chris drive parallel on the windmilled road ( we frame will only hold the lower fraction of the spin windmills in the background ) CUT to : 188 ext . san jacinto tramway - late afternoon 188 vertical Pov : we be thousand of foot in the air over the rigid rocky canyon as we ascend toward San jacinto summit . it 's high . scary high . 189 int . tram 189 music over : as Chris and ron ride the tram to the peak , we watch Chris watch ron , he kind , moist old eye , slowly blink at the wonder of the nature around he . other passenger on the tram seem nervous , but ron be meditative , almost hypnotize . 106 . and with each roll - through of the tram through the cable tower , the tram car rock and sway , but ron 's peace go unbroken . and Chris continue to admire the gentle blink of he eye . CUT to : 190 int . elevation restaurant ( san jacinto summit ) - twilight90 1 the two of they sit in a quiet , corner booth of the tramway eatery that sit on the summit of San jacinto overlook the light of Palm Springs and the desert clear back to salton Sea . Chris be on a roll . CHRIS how old be you , Mr. franz ? ron seventy - nine year old . CHRIS seventy-nine ...see , all due respect , but the real difference between people be the quality of they soul and not on how long they have trudge around like a dip -shit . ron laugh . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) but it 's true . ron it be . no question about that . ron continue to let Chris vent . CHRIS the government 's the same as my parent . they do not respect anybody . regulation . regulation . regulation . we can not do this . but they can do that . I mean , the hypocrisy of the whole ... culture . make I crazy . my father be have child * with two woman at the same time , and then * have the gall to think that he can be of some guidance to I ? make judgment on I ? my mother , of course , go along with all of it . keeps the secret , which of course , make my whole life a fiction . everything I think be , be not . they be such fool ! Fucking idiot ! 107 . ron Alex , please do not lump I in amongst you judge . and you tyrant . but I would prefer to not hear that kind of language . CHRIS ( realize he slip ) sorry . I do not usually use that kind of language either . I just get so angry think about it . ron reach across the table . put he sturdy hand on Chris ' shoulder . ron you get a lot of passion , young man . Chris smile at ron. CUT to : 191 ext . CHRIS ' camp beside the stone wall - night 191 as ron and Chris pull up in the pick - up truck , we see sporadic firework whistling and crackling into the air above the hot-springs , and hear the distant hooting of its inhabitant . Chris hop out and walk around to ron 's side of the truck . CHRIS awww , that be a great time Mr. franz . thank you . ron look here . if Charles Manson and he buddy do not kill I on my way out of here , I would like to cook you up a home cook meal tomorrow night . if I come out here about , say , four o'clock tomorrow , how would that be ? CHRIS that would be swell . ron be thrilled . ron good , good . I be no gourmet but I know where the spice be . good night , kid . CHRIS good night Mr. franz . 108 . and with that , ron hit the road . CUT to : 192 ext . stone wall - sunset 192 Chris hike up it with he backpack on , one laborious step at a time . dissolve to : 193 ext . stone wall summit - same 193 Chris summite the rock formation . he look down over the desert and there before he , the salton Sea . CUT to : 194 ext . ron' house , salton sea - sunset 194 the house be a single - level , beige structure , sit between the salton Sea and a small inlet where he keep a fishing boat . underneath a canopy in the backyard , there be a small workshop of some kind . high angle : Chris , look at he own reflection in the water below ron 's dock . in the reflection , we see he hand full of dirty laundry . CUT to : 195 int . kitchen , ron' house - same 195 ron broil a couple of steak . Chris enter and move past ron carry he laundry into another room . 196 int . laundry room , ron' house - same 196 Chris pour detergent over he long - in - need clothes . start the cycle . 197 int . kitchen , ron' house - night 197 as Chris enter , ron be pull the steak from the broiler . 109 . above the kitchen sink , Chris see a row of approximately ten photograph , each in vertical 4 x6 frame , some black and white , some color : all of japanese boy and girl in formal american and japanese attire . ron do you find everything you need ? CHRIS ( break he gaze from the photograph ) yeah . I hope I do not wreck you machine . there 's a lot of grime in that stuff . ron well , that 's what it 's for . how do this steak look ? ron pop the steak on the kitchen table . CHRIS great . ron well , sit down . ron grab some silverware from a drawer , plop it down on the kitchen table with some paper napkin . ron ( cont 'd ) what do you drink ? CHRIS you get a White Russian ? ron nope. CHRIS beer ? ron nope . do not have any alcohol . I have to quit all that . how about a guava juice ? CHRIS I will take a guava juice , that sound good . as ron get the drink - ron yeah , I have a little spell with the bottle , you could say . 110 . ron pop the drink down on the table , then sit with Chris . they lift they glass toward one another , then - ron / CHRIS cheer . ron I spend most of my life in the army . on New Year 's Eve 1957 , I be station over in Okinawa . my wife and son be here in the States , just drive down the road when a fellow who would have too much to drink plow right into they . kill they both . anyway , you might think that the last thing in the world I would do , be go to the whiskey , but at the time , it feel like the only thing I could do . and I do it hard . but pretty soon , I figure I be not do my wife and son any good , mourn they with a bottle . so , I pull myself together and quit drink , cold turkey . and then ... ron , spin he body around , point to the photograph over the sink . ron ( cont 'd ) ( brighten ) you see all this kid over here ? CHRIS yeah , I be gonna ask you . ron yeah , that 's ... ( point at each with he finger ) fuki , kenjiro , yoshiko , keiko , masaro , junichi , kimpei , nayoko ... for the last picture frame , ron stand and take it off the shelf - ron ( cont 'd ) ( pridefully show Chris the picture ) and this be akira . just finish medical school . Chris take the picture and study akira 's face . ron sit back down . 111 . ron ( cont 'd ) yeah , I unofficially adopt all of they . it do my heart some good but I guess really it be just write a few letter and send some money . anyway , it be important to I . I get a letter from each of they from time to time . you know . so , since all that , this be pretty much I . ( indicate he small reclusive abode ) CHRIS do you ever travel , Mr. franz ? ron no . I can not seem to get too far from my leather . I will show you after you finish eat . I do a lot of leather engrave . I get a little workshop in the garage . between that and my pension , I do pretty well . but every time I think I might take a trip somewhere , I get too far behind on order and such to consider it . CHRIS ( have wolfed down the steak ) well , I be finish eat . I would love to see you workshop . ron would ya ? Chris nod . ron ( cont 'd ) ( stand ) alright then . ron pick up the picture of akira and replace it on the shelf above the sink . CUT to : 198 int . ron' garage / workshop - night 198 as we begin , ron be instruct Chris in the skill of leather engrave . dissolve to : 112 . 199 ext . CHRIS ' camp beside the stone wall - morning 199 Chris , a clear plastic bag of clean laundry beside he , sit alone , cross-legged . he begin to carve into a leather belt . CUT to : 200 ext . stone wall - later 200 we follow Chris in a low angle up he mountain run frame from mid-back to just above he head , sweat profusely . CUT to : 201 ext . 4x4 track , anza - borrego desert - day 201 ron 's truck cut along the 4x4 track . back to : 202 ext . stone wall , anza - borrego desert - same 202 Chris reach the summit . he bend over to catch he breath , hand on knee . ron ( o.s ) how about some fishing ? Chris turn to the voice . and down at the bottom of the rock wall beside the campsite , be ron hold up two fishing pole . ron ( cont 'd ) ( refer to the Sea ) that thing 's twice as salty as the ocean . do you know that ? Chris have barely the breath to speak . CHRIS anything alive in it ? ron shrug he shoulder in a " who care ? " fashion . Chris laugh but nod in the affirmative and give ron the thumb up . 113. 203 ext . anza - barrego desert - day + night 203 begin music over : montage : 1 . Chris and ron fishing in the salton sea. ( no catch ) 2 . at ron 's workshop / garage , ron guide Chris in he leather belt project . 3 . at Chris ' campsite , Chris do push -up while ron sit on the tailgate of he truck spying on the " Manson family " through binocular , shaking he head . 4 . Chris at he campsite work on the belt by campfire light . we move in on the belt , he 's beginning to form the letter N in the leather . 5 . Chris jogging in the morning beside oh - my - God hot Springs . 6 . Chris and ron at the leather bench in ron 's workshop / garage . in a extreme close - up , music fade out as we pan across Chris ' leather belt and the story be tell on it through the engravings : 204 ext . ron' workshop - day 204 alex be inscribe at the belt 's leave end ; then the initial C.J.M. ( for Christopher Johnson mccandless ) frame a skull and crossbone . across the strip of cowhide one see a rendering of two - lane blacktop , a no U - turn sign , a thunderstorm produce a flash flood that engulf a car , a hitchhiker 's thumb , a eagle , the Sierra nevada , salmon cavort in the Pacific Ocean , the Pacific Coast highway from Oregon to Washington , the Rocky Mountains , Montana wheat field , a South dakota rattlesnake , westerberg 's house in carthage , the Colorado River rapid , a canoe beach beside a tent , Las Vegas , and at the buckle end , finally , the letter N . ron what 's the N stand for ? CHRIS ... North . CUT to : 114 . 205 ext . CHRIS ' camp beside the stone wall - day 205 a isolated cloud eclipse the SUN against a blue desert sky . ron be sit on he tailgate , watch Chris , backpack on , climb the stone wall . ron Alaska ? Chris summit . ron ( cont 'd ) Son , what the hell you run from ? CHRIS ( yell down from above ) I could ask you the same question . except I already know the answer . ron you do , do you ? CHRIS I do , Mr. franz . you have get to get back out in the world . get out of that lonely house of yours , that little workshop , and go live on the road . ron wave he off . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) really . you be go to live a long time , ron . you should make a radical change in you lifestyle . the core of man 's spirit come with new experience . and there you be , stubborn old man , sit on you butt . ron sittin ' on my butt , huh ? ron get up off the tailgate . ron ( cont 'd ) I will show you sittin ' on my butt . and ron start make the old man hustle . shifty shoulder and all , up the stone wall . 115 . ron ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) " stubborn old man . " Chris be laugh and clap . CHRIS come on , old man ! come on ! ron ( mumble ) ya little pinhead . Chris be jump up and down , thrilled for ron 's effort . now the old man 's shuffle have turn into a old man' walk . but he be not stop . and bit by bit he show he 's get it in he after all . as ron be just about to mount the summit , Chris extend a hand . ron swat it away . ron ( cont 'd ) ya little pinhead . ron drop down onto he back to catch he breath and let he thumping heart slow down . CHRIS you alright ? ron , after take one more deep breath , sit up and Chris sit next to he . he 's actually pretty happy with himself . he look out and see the distant salton Sea . ron I be go to miss you when you go . CHRIS I will miss you too , ron . but you be wrong if you think the joy of life come principally from human relationship . God 's place it all around we . it 's in everything . in anything we can experience . people just have to change the way they think about that thing . you ought to put a little camper on the back of you pick - up and go take a look at some of the great work god 's do out here in the american west . ron Alex ... you be probably right . and I be go to take stock of that . 116 . Chris offer a skeptical glance . ron ( cont 'd ) no , I be . a second skeptical glance . which ron squash with genuine sincerity . ron ( cont 'd ) ( almost to himself ) I be . Chris busy it this time and feel he 's accomplish something with ron . ron ( cont 'd ) but I will tell you something . the bit and piece I have put together , you know , what you have tell I about you family . you mother and dad . and I know you get you problem with the church too , but there 's some kind of bigger thing that we can all appreciate . and it sound like you do not mind call it God . but when you forgive , you love . and when you love ... God 's light shine on you . miraculously , it be just at that moment that the cloud clear from the sun and the light shine in ron 's eye . Chris point at ron 's face at the light shine on he - CHRIS Holy shit ! ron I tell you about that language . the two man , they eye welling up , fall back laugh . extreme wide shot from below : the two man on the summit with the echoing of laughter and ron 's scream - ron ( cont 'd ) I tell you so ! I tell you so ! CUT to : 206 int . laundry room , ron' house - night ( MARCH 11 , 1992 ) 206 Chris pull he laundry out of the dryer . he 's get he pack sit in the doorway to the kitchen . he fold he thing and tuck they into he pack . 117 . ron appear in the doorway dress for travel . CHRIS what be you do up ? it 's three - thirty in the morning . ron Heard you get up off the couch half a hour ago , and have a funny feel you might not be here for we breakfast . Chris say nothing . ron ( cont 'd ) I be go to drive you a hundred mile to somewhere where you can pick up a train , a plane , or hitch a ride without get stick on this desert . I would take you all the way to Alaska if I do not have to get to a eight o'clock mass . CHRIS ron , you do not have to do that . ron I want to do it . get you start on this thing of yours . CHRIS on my great - ron ( interrupt ) I know . on you " great alaskan adventure . " from just out of Chris ' eye-line , ron lean out of frame , pick up a zippere duffel bag . he open it , display the content to Chris . ron ( cont 'd ) there 's a machete , a arctic parka , collapsible fishing pole , and a few odd and end I throw in there for you . CHRIS ron ... ron oh , just take it . Chris do , nodd he thanks . 118. ron ( cont 'd ) I will wait for you in the truck . CUT to : 207 ext . highway 10 , outside salton CITY - dawn 207 we follow the two man ( on this nondescript locale ) drive along the highway east from dawn through sunrise . they ride in silence through coachchella Desert Center and blythe . CUT to : 208 ext . highway 10 208 the truck exit at a North / South junction 95 . 209 int . ron' truck 209 as ron begin to pull over . ron well my friend . CHRIS yep . both of they be uncomfortable . Chris go for the door handle . ron 's gnarled hand reach out to take Chris ' elbow . after a long beat , ron speak without look at Chris . ron I have a idea . you know my mother be a only child . so be my father . and I be they only child . now , with my own boy go , I be the end of the line . when I be go , my family will be finish . what do you say , you let I adopt you . I could be , say , you grandfather . this take Chris by surprise . he know it would be hard but not this hard . CHRIS how about we talk about this when I get back from Alaska , ron . would that be alright ? 119 . silence . ron nod . releases Chris ' elbow . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) alright , ron . we will talk about it then . ron ( try to mask . the blink , moist eye again ) yep . we can do that , yep . CHRIS thanks , ron. ron nod . Chris get out of the truck . ron watch as Chris saddle up he bag include the duffel that ron give he . Chris cross the exit junction to where he can pick up a ride north on the far side of the road . we zoom slowly through the windshield into ron 's face as he watch Chris hitching away . we hear the first bar of Neil Young 's my my , hey hey . this will carry throughout the follow montage . dissolve to : 210 int . / ext . various - montage 210 1 . we zoom into Walt mccandless ' face as he look through the Questar telescope that Chris have give he . angle : the star through the telescope . the same star he son walk under ... somewhere . we pan across space . ( note : this montage will intercut Chris ' travel Pov with objective shot . however , we never see Chris . ) 2 . we pull back from the starry night sky to see it frame from within a move train . 3 . carine in she shower , water cascade over she face . 4 . billie in she kitchen , make dinner . 5 . through the windshield of a semi-truck , the sun rise on Glacier National Park . 6 . a handheld zoom - out from canadian border crossing , camera turn to the wood beyond and move into they . 120 . 7 . series of traveling shot : ( through skookumchuk and radium Junction , Lake Louise to Prince George and Dawson Creek ) static nature shot : helicopter shot 8 . on the bed in they van , Jan sit on rainey 's bare foot while he do sit-up . 9 . ron hold a garage sale , while hook a trailer to he truck . 10 . Wayne be release from jail . 11 . mad and sonja , side by side , one - armed bandit- in a Vegas casino . 12 . Tracy at a high school dance , slow - dance with she * young date . 13 . look through the windshield of another semi . a bear lope across the two - lane road before we . we pan and zoom with it into the tundra beside the road . handheld , walking , we pass mile 0 of the Alaska highway : the sign : fairbank 1523 mile . 14 . a waterfall . 15 . intercut hand and thumb hitching - a sense that ride be few and far between . 16 . a mist mountain peak . 17 . beaver in stream . 18 . melting blue ice-walls . 19 . a lynx skitter across a snowy mound . 20 . Walt and he telescope . 21 . the hitchhiker 's view on a two - lane road , walk past a highway sign for the yukon territory . ( through Johnson 's cross , whitehorse , and beaver Creek . ) 22 . from a passenger car window , a series of road sign read : close for winter . music fade out 121. 211 int . mccandless home , annandale - day 211 carine ( v.o. ) about a month short of the second anniversary of Chris ' disappearance , I have get engage to my boyfriend Jerry Ray and be move in with he ... carine , pack she belonging into box , stumble upon the Sharon old book Chris have give she on he graduation day . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... when I stumble upon the book Chris have give I on he graduation day . for some reason , it be the last line of the poem he read that really stick out . flash back : ( from page 2 - 3 ) 212 int . datsun 212 Chris be hold a book from which he read aloud the last line of the poem ... CHRIS ... and I will tell about it . carine ( v.o. ) I ask Chris who have write the poem . what we see of carine play with the voice over track and silent with the production track ; in essence lip synching herself . Chris ' dialogue come directly from the flashback image . carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) who write that ? CHRIS well , it could have be either one of we . could not it ? we see picture of Chris on the night -stand of Walt and billie 's bedroom carine ( v.o. ) what would he tell about now ? what do he voice sound like now ? ( more ) 122. carine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I realize that the word to my thought be of less and less meaning . Chris be write he story and it have to be Chris who would tell it . the picture in the scene blur as - CHRIS ( o.c. ) ( in a far away , tunnel - like sound ) Mom , help I . CUT to : 213 int . bedroom , mccandless home , annandale - night 213 billie sit bolt upright in the middle of the night , tear roll down she cheek . Walt awaken beside she . walt what be it ? billie I be not dream ! I do not imagine it ! I hear he voice , Walt . I hear Chris . Walt take she in he arm , try to squeeze life into both of they . chapter 6 : deliverance fade to black . 214 fairbank alaska , series of static image : 214 berm of clear snow line the street 1 . a gas station ( gold Hill Gas and liquor ) we see Chris ' write appear on screen : april 27 , 1992 2 . old alaska prospector's store wayne , greeting from fairbank ! this be the last time you shall hear from I . arrive here two day ago . 3 . a SALOON 123. 4 . a library it be very difficult to catch ride in the yukon territory . 5 . train station 6 . barber shop but I finally got here . picked up a new book on the local flora and fauna ( tanaina plantlore / dena'ina k'et ' una : a ethnobotany of the dena'ina indian of southcentral alaska by priscilla russell kari ) 7 . bookstore might be a very long time before I return south . but i'm prepare and have stocked all necessary comfort to live off the land for a few month . 8 . a gun and sporting good store including a nylon 66 model semiautomatic .22 remington . just wanted to let you know , you 're a great man . I now walk ( pause writing on screen ) into the wild . alex 9 . a sign against a radio tower " radio fairbank " ( perhaps we hear a weather report ) 215 ext . alaskan range ( stampede trail ) - day 215 we return to the area of scene # 1 . music over : of religious scope . perhaps choral . helicopter shot : we travel a long way across snowy peak and valley ( clearly far from anywhere ) pass between two escarpment of outer range border bottomland five mile wide until we barely see a tiny form within it trudging through the snow . we overfly it . CUT to : 216 ext . stampede trail - day 216 Chris , crunching through two to three foot ( not more ) of snow , in arctic parka , big boot , he warm hat , rifle sling over he shoulder , and pack . 124 . he move toward camera . we pan around with he as he walk past , where beyond Chris on the snow plain , rise a tree line . CUT to : 217 ext . teklanika river - day 217 its bank line with a jag shelf of freeze overflow . at its center , a channel of gently flow water , opaque with glacial till . Beyond the far ice shelf , Chris appear from the riverside treeline . he ease across the ice , then wade through the latte-color channel and on to the other side . reverse angle : Chris move toward the opposite tree line , he turn back to the gentle river behind . Chris ' Pov scan the terrain . from the river to a distant mountain peak and then to a second mountain peak , triangulate he location . he make a draw on a pad of paper and pile some medium - size rock to mark the spot before move on into the tree . CUT to : 218 ext . vast alaskan snowscape - day 218 total silence across the beatific white vista of snow , mountain , and colorless tree until a distant echoing gunshot . CUT to : 219 ext . campsite , beside sushana river - night 219 Chris have skinned and be cooking a squirrel . CUT to : 220 ext . campsite , beside sushana river - morning 220 Chris pack the last of he camp and begin he march upriver . CUT to : 125 . 221 ext . upriver - day 221 as Chris walk upon a clear in the tree line , he catch he first glimpse of denali 's ( mt. mckinley 's ) high - blind white bulwark . Chris stand in awe . we remain in he wide - shot Pov as it - dissolve to : same shot - night but now Chris ' tent sit in its foreground with the moonlit denali still visible . CUT to : 222 ext . wood beside river - day 222 camera angle skyward into the break ray of grey light . we tilt down to find ( and track through the tree with ) Chris move along the river , when he see something just off camera . Chris ' Pov : through the tree and fireweed , he see something metallic and rusty . Chris move up through the underbrush and the snow into the narrow tree line and on into the clear , where before he : a derelict school bus . it be a vintage International harvester from the 1940' . Chris approach the bus , lift the hood a little bit see that the engine be go . as he move around the vehicle , we see several window be crack or miss altogether . the green and white paint be badly oxidize . Weathered lettering : fairbank City Transit system Bus 142. 223 int . bus 223 Broken whiskey bottle litter the floor . Chris may well have find he new home . the bus be outfit with a bunk and a barrel stove . previous visitor have leave it stock with match , bug dope , and other essential . 224 ext . bus 224 we follow Chris back out of the bus , surveying the area of the clear . he love what he see . 126 . celebratory music over : he run up a berm to look down into the river . he run from corner to corner of this " Magic Bus " area like a new bride surveying she honeymoon suite with glee . he climb a tree , swing from its branch , do a flip in the air , landing on he foot , but then slip on the snow and onto he butt and then onto he back . he grab a handful of snow , shove it in he mouth , melt it into water , and swallow it . crane shot : we pull up from Chris to high above the clear . music fade out CUT to : 225 int./ ext . bus 225 he re-enter the bus and pull he pen from he pocket , scribbling on the wall of the bus : two year he walk the earth . no phone , no pool , no pet , no cigarettes , ultimate freedom . a extremist . and aesthetic voyager whose home be ... angle : Chris : he continue to write as he speak the word aloud : CHRIS ... the road . escape from Atlanta . thou shalt not return `cause the " west be the best . " and now after two rambling year , come the final and great adventure . Chris be clean up the bus . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) the climactic battle to kill the false be within and victoriously conclude the spiritual revolution . Chris shoveling snow away from the bus entrance with a rock . 127 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ten day and night of freight train and hitchhike , bring he to the great white north . back to Chris , real time as he continue to write as he speak : CHRIS ( cont 'd ) no longer to be poison by civilization , he flee , and walk alone upon the land to become lose in the wild . Chris sign he doctrine - alexander supertramp may 1992 jump CUT to : 226 int . bus 226 Chris post a find piece of paper on the inner wall of the bus alongside he doctrine . cu : Chris ' hand , he write and circle the number : 1 - magic bus day . CUT to : 227 ext . bus - day 227 Chris come out , rifle in hand . we track with he as he move into the wood on the hunt . series of angle : Chris search for game . he move through the wood along the river and at the base of a nearby mountain . find animal for food seem more difficult than expect . CUT to : 228 ext . a mountain saddle - day 228 Chris stumble upon a caribou as it step out from the wood . he line up he rifle on the animal , about to pull the trigger , when its calf appear beside it . 128. he lower he rifle , unwilling to take a shot that would separate mother and child . time CUT : 229 ext . wood - day 229 a spruce grouse be spy on a foreground branch . bang ! the branch splinter and the bird make haste . angle : Chris , rifle in hand . CHRIS shit ! CUT to : 230 int . bus - night 230 Chris , cooking rice . we see he single bag of rice . its amount tell we the hunt have better improve soon . we explore a passage of time throughout which CHRIS get increasingly thin and pale : hunt , sleep , cooking , rice dwindling , line - up of scrawny shot bird . he add hole to he belt leather to accommodate he shrink waistline . CUT to : 231 ext . snowy plain - day 231 bang ! Chris bag a squirrel on a snowy plain . CUT to : 232 int . bus - later 232 Chris eat he measly catch but look to he bag of rice with concern , perhaps only a day or so leave of he ration . we come to the diary / log post on the wall . we see that he have be there for a week 's worth of entry as the squirrel be mention on day seven . CUT to : 129 . 232a omitted 232a 232b omitted 232b 233 int . bus - morning 233 Chris be awaken by a new May sun , stream light through the window of the bus . Pov : the sun , circle high in the heaven . snowmelt drip quickly across the windowpane . CUT to : 233a ext . bus - day 233a Chris dance atop the bus , naked in the new spring . CUT to : 233b int . bus - day 233b Chris shave . ( note : we be in a time of year in this part of the world where the sun dip behind the horizon only four hour a day ) CUT to : 234 int . / ext . bus - day 234 intercut : series of angle throughout which Chris remain thin but he pallor improve : 1 . the diary / log represent a small improvement on the hunt front . 2 . undergrowth expose itself through snowmelt . 3 . establish a small waterfall near the bus . landing on : 129a . 235 ext . wood - day 235 the snow have now all but vanish except on north - face slope and shadowy ravine , expose a range carpete in a amalgam of muskeg , alder thicket , and vein of scrawny spruce . 130 . Chris traipse along the season rise hip and lingonberries , which he gather in great quantity and snack on as he walk . CUT to : 236 ext . wood - day 236 Chris shoot a porcupine . CUT to : 237 int . bus - day 237 the diary / log : day 30 - porcupine dissolve to : 238 ext . peak , nearby butte - day 238 Chris stand triumphant at the peak of a 3000 foot butte overlook the bus . circle camera around he 360 degree recording the broad vista . angle : cu - he 's beam with satisfaction . we begin a slow zoom out and then accelerate the zoom encompass the entire grandeur of the mountain with Chris at its peak . CUT to : 239 int . bus - later 239 the diary / log : day 31 - climbed mountain dissolve to : 240 ext . bus environ - collage - day 240 collage time in a series of dissolves : 1 . the diary / log : map area . Chris surveying and take note of area . 2 . the diary / log : improvise a bathtub and smudge pot 131 . Chris building a bathtub out in the front . 3 . the diary / log : collect skin and feather to sew into clothing . Chris hunt and skin . 4 . the diary / log : construct bridge across nearby narrow creek . Chris knee - deep in slow - move water construct a make - shift bridge across narrow creek . 5 . the diary / log : blaze network of hunting trail . Chris make a trail with he machete when - a moose appear from a nearby thicket . Chris drop the machete and pull he rifle from he shoulder . the moose look ready to charge Chris . there 's no choice . Chris aim carefully and fire six straight shot into the moose 's head , drop it . Chris can hardly believe he own success . he put the rifle back on he shoulder , just stare at the dead moose . he begin back - pedall away from it . bit by bit , he step turn into a jog and then he turn and run back toward the bus . CUT to : 241 int . bus 241 ( director 's note : handheld ) Chris scramble through he pack and find the piece of paper where he have write note of how to cure beef by smoking it , teach to he by Kevin , Wayne 's hunter friend back in South dakota . back to : 242 ext . wood - same 242 back at the kill , the slow process of butcher begin . ( this be not go to be pretty . ) intercut representative image with following diary / log entries : 1 . the diary / log : butchering extremely difficult . 131a . 2 . the diary / log : fly and mosquito horde . 132 . 3 . the diary / log : remove intestine , liver , kidney , one lung , steak . 4 . the diary / log : got hind quarter and legs to stream . 5 . the diary / log : remove heart . 6 . the diary / log : dig smoker hole into existing cave . 7 . the diary / log : haul near cave . 8 . the diary / log : try to protect with smoker . 9 . the diary / log : can only work night . keep smoker go . 10 . the diary / log : maggot already . smoking appear ineffective . look like disaster . wish i'd never shot moose . great tragedy . 11 . the diary / log : abandon carcass to wolve . we see Chris hide behind a rise , watch a wolf pack tug at the rancid meat from the carcass . 243 ext . / int . bus - day + night 243 series of angle : in and out of the bus . Day and night , portray Chris mourn he kill of the moose . he even plant a cross by its skeletal remain . 244 ext . bus environ 244 series of shot : sunrise and nature awaken . Bird song and flower bloom . a waterfall cascade . CUT to : 245 int . bus - day 245 Chris read tolstoy 's family happiness . his Pov : the page : what Chris read : I have live through much and now I think I have find what be need for happiness . 133. a quiet , secluded life in the country with the possibility of be useful to people ... CUT to : 246 ext . bus - day 246 Chris sit amongst the pink bunch of fireweed choke the vehicle wheel well , grow higher than the axle , he back lean against the bus , finish the read of family happiness . angle : Chris , read with great interest . his Pov : the page : what Chris read : and then , on top of all that , you for a mate , and child , perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire ? angle : Chris : he look up from he book . a gentle breeze tickle morning flower . the sunlight dance in a coppice of aspen and leave of tree above . the sound of buzzing fly mute . he be take one last look at he paradise . CUT to : 246a ext . SMALL waterfall near bus - day 246a Chris shower ( photo - sonic ) music , lynyrd skynyrd be simple man ( lyric in cursive ) begin to play over : CUT to : 247 int . bus 247 my momma tell I / when I be young Chris pack he gear . come sit beside I / my only son a last look about the bus . 248 ext . sushana river - day 248 listen closely / what I say 134 . full pack and rifle mount in wide shot beside the sushana River . if you do this it will help you / some sunny day 249 ext . alaska trail - day 249 music continue over : a series of angle : just take you time / do not live too fast we pass the familiar landmark of the mt. mckinley clear where Chris have campe . trouble with ill come / and they will pass Chris walk and camp he way back to the teklanika River and the road home . find a woman / you will find love and do not forget son / there 's someone up above ... music fade out CUT to : 250 ext . teklanika river - day 250 in the tree beside the river , we find Chris . the river be not yet in sight but Chris start to hear it : a building rumble . as Chris exit the treeline , there she be : the teklanika at full flood . seventy - five foot wide bank , replace the narrow ice canal of four month earlier . snowmelt from glacier high in the Alaska range , its opaque glacial sediment the color of wet concrete . and what have be a distant rumble in the wood , now have the volume and power of a freight train , a seventy - five foot wide one . Chris grab a hold of a riverside branch and take one slow , careful step into the river . without mercy , wham ! the river kick he foot out from under he ! the branch he hold snap ! by some miracle , he hand move like lighten and he grab a lower , sturdier branch below , save himself from a certain death . 135 . we see the break branch catapult down river and into a rocky shoot below . he pull himself back onto the bank , drop he pack at riverside , and ease to a sit position beside it . CUT to : 251 int . bus - night 251 it 's pour rain outside . the rain pelt the top of the bus . Chris ' pack be throw onto the bunk . his hand appear at the diary / log on the wall . he write : day 82 - disaster . rained in . river crossing impossible . lonely , scare . CUT to : 252 ext . bus , the edge of its surrounding clearing - day 252 extreme cu : bead and shimmer from the past night 's rain , a bright red berry move in the breeze like a tiny vibrate bell . rack focus to Chris ' eye spying it . he pluck it from its stem . CUT to : 253 ext . bus - day 253 Chris add another hole to tighten he belt . CUT to : 254 int . bus - day 254 Chris look very thin . too thin . he be nosh on a bag of collect berry while read from boris pasternak 's Doctor Zhivago . angle : the book CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( o.c. ) here she stop and , close she eye , take a deep breath of the flower - scent air of the broad expanse around she . it be dearer to she than she kin , better than a lover , wiser than a book . 136 . angle : Chris pull more berry from the bag and chew on they as he read . angle : the book CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) for a moment , she re-discover the purpose of she life . she be here in earth to grasp the meaning of its wild enchantment and call each thing by its right name . angle : Chris CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( echoing ) by its right name . by its right name . he put down the book and bring one of the ripe berry in front of he face ( as close as shot of when he pick it . ) Chris then grab tanaina plantlore , the flora and fauna book he have get from the library in fairbank . and it take he out of the bus like a divine rod . his nose in the book , he follow it . CUT to : 255 ext . bus - day 255 Plant to plant . Bush to bush . speak aloud the name of everything he see as he identify they with the book . CHRIS beautiful blueberry - vaccinium uliginosum . eskimo potato - hedysarum alpinum ...etc . we follow Chris over a number of day as he eat from this identify species of plant , each be logge , one by one by name on the bus diary / log . CUT to : 137 . 256 ext . sushana river - day 256 with tanaina plantlore by he side , Chris dig into the soft earth on the berm of the river bank and dig up a wild potato root . CUT to : 257 int . bus - night 257 Chris pull the seed from the root , nosh on they as he read from Doctor Zhivago . we drift from he read to the diary / log on the wall . the day represent : July 24th the diary / log : wild potato root we drift back to Chris . fatigue show in he eye as he put the book down and lay down to sleep . CUT to : 258 ext . bus - morning ( JULY 30 1992 ) 258 wide shot of the bus . it 's a beautiful July morning . bird chirp in the tree . a soft breeze sweeping down from the mountain massage the valley below . we slowly zoom into the bus . CUT to : 259 int . / ext . bus - same 259 the open bag of seed beside Chris ' sleep body . we drift over to Chris ' face , he lip de-hydrate , and skin parched . he breathes heavily . he awaken . he try to sit up . it 's a terrible struggle . barely make it to he foot . Chris stumble to the door of the bus , look up at the hot sun . he have to sit back down on the small bus step . from he position on the step , he lean back into the bus and be able to grab he water jug . he pour it into he mouth but nothing seem to satiate or hydrate he . he drink it all . it spill over he face and chest . 138. we observe Chris for a moment as the wheel turn inside he haunt eye . and a curiosity seem to overtake he . he crawl back to he copy of tanaina plantlore , flipping the page one by one until he arrive at the photograph identify the wild potato root and the word " edible " beside it . he read the page to its conclusion and as almost a afterthought , turn the page to see if there might be more . the word - poison jump off the page at he . the book describe the tiny green seed of the potato root and warn that that with : lateral vein , such as that invisible on the leaflet of wild sweet peas be poisonous . the word - ... lead to partial motor paralysis ... ... inhibition of digestion ... ...nausea , starvation ... ecu : ... starvation crash zoom into Chris ' face , realize he desperate plight . CUT to : 260 ext . bus 260 Chris kneel , hold one of the potato seed to the sunlight and there we see they - the lateral vein that indicate poisonous seed . CUT to : 261 int . bus 261 angle : the diary / log : extremely weak . fault of potato seed . CUT to : 139 . 262 ext . bus - day 262 Chris , barely able to walk , move , at the pace of a elderly man , with he rifle , through the underbrush . he need food now . CUT to : 263 ext . wood - day 263 he shoot a squirrel . but as he move toward what he think be he kill , the squirrel make off with a bleed tail . Chris fire several desperate shot at the squirrel but miss with each one . CUT to : 264 int . bus - night 264 Chris , have a fitful sleep . short breath and muttering . CUT to : 265 ext . clearing around bus - night 265 a big moon shine above and we find on a tree branch , the squirrel Chris have clipped in the tail earlier in the day . on the last leg of bleed to death , it fall from the tree . the moon become the sun and we pass a couple of day through vision of the nature about in vary light . CUT to : 266 ext . sushana river - day 266 Chris labor up the riverbank with he water jug full . he be shirtless and absolutely emaciate . frighten . he pause at the river 's edge to take air into he lung . it 's all he can do just to breath . wide angle tableau ( continuous ) : Chris stand at the river 's edge catch he breath frame against the background of the 3000 foot butte that he would so recently climb with ease . 140 . now , maintain this tableau , something move from near camera right into frame . bit by bit we will realize it 's a large bear entering frame and move away from camera toward Chris . it lumber to within foot of he . cu over bear onto Chris : Chris , passive to the bear 's presence . angle : the bear , just as passive towards Chris , as though he do not represent enough of anything to eat . back to tableau as the bear , pass Chris , disappear over the rise toward the river . Chris , a motionless and slight silhouette . CUT to : 266a int . bus - night 266a Chris lay on the floor . cu Chris : Orange light twinkle in he eye . Chris ' Pov : through the bus window , we see the orange glow of smoke rise into the air . cu : Chris write in he diary log . CHRIS ( v.o. ) set small signal fire today - watch it die tonight . back to Pov as the ambient orange light fade into the blackness of smoke . CUT to : 267 int . bus - day 267 the diary / log : day 100 - made it . but in weakest condition of life . too weak to walk out . have literally become trapped in the wild - no game in sight . a subtle drum ( heart ) beat begins over : Chris plop himself down into the middle of the bus . he shake he head as if try to say something , and then consider he rifle and abundant ammunition . but take he own life to avoid the agony of starvation be not a option for he . " no , no , no , do not do this to I . " the frustration build enough adrenaline in he to scream out . 141 . he do , but with a low , gurgle animal sound . he shake it off and look to he copy of Doctor Zhivago for distraction . thumb through the page he focus he eye on the page - angle : the page : what he read : CHRIS ( v.0 ) ( o.c. ) and that a unshare happiness be not happiness ... Chris steal he pencil from within the page of the book , scribbling across the page : CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) happiness only real when share . he flip backwards a couple of page to where he have write the quote : CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) call everything by its right name . he tear the back cover off the book and scratch the pencil across its blank side , write this word quickly , as if in panic : I have have a happy life and thank the lord . goodbye and may GOD bless all ! and now , this word arrive slowly as we hear Chris repeat : CHRIS ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) ( with a weak voice ) call everything by its right name . the drumbeat increase as he sign the note : christopher johnson mccandless . we move from the page back up to Chris . we see that he have put on he eyeglass to strengthen the vision of he weaken sight . he remove they , fold they , and lay they by he side . his body begin to tremble . his eye dance wildly . the drum intensify . Chris take one last look out the window . the sun be cover by a well - define and puffy cloud . 142. his arm near spasm reach up to the bunk , grasp at the blue sleep bag make by he mother . with great suffer and shatter tremble , he force he body to defy its agony and push it into the sleep bag . skyward , the cloud obscure the sun . drumbeat escalate - boom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! we tighten on Chris ' anguish face . ( director 's note : this cu 's on Chris ' face , combine both static and hand -held cus , upside down and right - side up move , zoom , and push-in . straight , side , and dutch angle . perhaps some intermittent distortion . ) 268 int./ ext . bus 268 * we intercut between Chris and the sky in a dance transition to the next world . it be hopeful , anguish , sad , and elate . 143. 269 int . / ext . annandale house - day 269 Chris , approach the annandale house . his backpack on and body healthy . billie part the curtain , ecstatic to see Chris approach , alive and healthy . we see but do not hear she call to Walt . a smile Chris step up the curb , approach home . Walt and billie - we push into they as they gleefully run out the front door to they return son . push into Chris - he dispatch he backpack to the ground and run toward he parent ' embrace . CHRIS ( v.o. ) what if you see I run into you arm ... Chris , Walt , and billie on the cusp of a jubilant and loving embrace ! CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) would you see then ... the drumming resume with a blast of bass and before a embrace be possible ... CHRIS ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... what I see now ? a sudden CUT to : 270 int . bus 270 total silence Chris look at the sky , a cathartic tear fall from he leave eye . another from he right as the obscure cloud clear the sun . 144 . Chris : the last , airy expulsion of he breath . his open face as the clear light of the sun shine in he eye . it be a face of peace , love , a face of true , deep serenity . the eye joyously open and the corner of he mouth ease into the subtle smile of euphoric wisdom . that 's the way he settles to stillness , look directly into we camera . and he die alive . he make it . he live . he love . cat Stevens ' mile from nowhere play over : as we pull away from Chris ' face through the bus window and up into the sky - we drift further and further away , above the stunt tree and the shimmer roof of the bus like a tiny white gleam in a wild green sea grow smaller and smaller . reprise image of truck driver take picture of Chris in scene # 1 . then it 's he : the smile still image we see take in the first scene from behind , but now we be see it from the front and it be the image of the real Christopher mccandless on the edge of the stampede Trail . as it take over the screen , we zoom slowly into he smile face . and then , this word appear superimpose over it : dedicate to the memory of Christopher Johnson mccandless February 12 , 1968 - August 18th , 1992 as that word dissolve , this word appear : on September 19 , 1992 , carine mccandless fly with she brother 's ash from Alaska home to the eastern seaboard . she carry they with she on the plane ... in she backpack . the end