" intolerable cruelty " screenplay by Robert ramsey , Matthew Stone ethan coen &amp ; Joel coen base on a story by Robert ramsey , Matthew Stone and John romano first draft 3/25/97 beverly hill STREET - night it be late night , and desert . engine noise approach ; headlight appear ; as the car draw closer we hear sing . it be a mercede convertible and as it roar by , the sing -- a sloppy baritone and a giggle soprano -- whoosh by with it . we hold as another car approach . this one be a conservative sedan , whose occupant do not sing . inside the convertible the middle - age driver be in a tuxedo with a rumple shirt and cocked bow tie . he be flushed , a rogue forelock bounce over he forehead , and he merrily sing " casey Jones " along with the passenger , a young woman in a party dress who squeal , rock with the motion of the car , and enthusiastically pipe in on the chorus . another empty STREET the convertible make a hot turn onto the street and approach with its sing . reverse the car enter and roar away . after a beat of quiet , the conservative sedan enter and recede . beach we be at the malibu Guest quarter Motel . the sing , squealing mercede screech into the lot and rock to a halt . the young woman stagger out still giggle , and hold a half - empty bottle of champagne . the man toss she a key with a large plastic tag . man number Seven . she trot away . the man twist he rear-view mirror to look at himself . he straighten he bow tie . he puff he bound forelock with one finger , nod he head to make it bounce , grin approvingly , and cock a pistol - finger at he own reflection . man Zing ! motel room the man enter and look around . the young woman 's dress be toss onto the bed but she be nowhere to be see . the man pull a imaginary train whistle . man choo ! choo !... he look around , in a closet , under the bed . man I be a locomotive , baby ! I be the wabash cannonball ! I be a hunka-hunka burninnnnn ' love ! I get fire in my boiler and a fuh -- a fuh -- he be reacting to a long leg which poke out from behind the window curtain . a salacious smile spread across he lip . he pull on the cord to draw back the curtain and reveal the young woman in red panty and a bra and a saucily cocked conductor 's cap . young woman ticket , please . the man be stripping off he clothes . man Excuse I , miss , be this the train to ecsssstasy ? young woman pull in you ear , rexie -- you be comin ' to a tunnel ! rex lunge at the young woman and they tumble onto the bed just as -- crash -- the door be kick open and a short stocky black man build like a bulldog and wear a porkpie hat rush into the room with a video camera glue to he eye . he look like clarence Thomas with a mustache . man I be gonna nail you ass ! the young woman scream , clutching the sheet to she naked bosom . rex leap from the bed , still clad only in he chemindefer boxer , and dart around the room seek egress . the man with the video charge around the room follow rex the video image rex be stumbling around the room in a panic , look for he clothing . the camera swish - pan back to the young woman still scream in the bed . man I be gonna nail you ass !! we swish - pan back to rex as he bend over to pick up he trousers , moon we . man I be gonna nail you ass ! pull back from the video image to reveal that we be in the detective -- Gus petch 's -- office . gus I nail he ass . faintly , from the television monitor we hear scream and mayhem . woman' voice train ... the woman watch the monitor , marylin rexroth be a sensual beauty , with intelligence and class . she watch the monitor without expression . marylin ... I think he would outgrown train . Gus petch sit behind a desk . gus they never grow - up , lady . they just get tubby . I , I have always have ample proportion . but it 's all muscle -- I be hard as a rock . I be not on of this cream puff sit-behind - a desk private dick ; I be a assnailer marylin so I see . faintly , from the monitor : voice I be gonna nail you ass . we hear the Young woman squeal . marylin react . marylin hard to believe that 's the best he could do . gus probably you be the best he could do . marylin oh . thank you . gus you be takin ' it pretty well . I see them weep like they would hire I to prove they husband be not fool around . and I see them celebrate . like I just hand them a win lottery ticket . marylin turn she attention back to the screen . marylin I be just enjoy the movie . tracking shot all from the perspective of a move automobile . the move shot show mansion , palm tree , boutique ; we pass jogger , strolling businessman hold cellular phone to they ear , male model work as waiter at sidewalk cafe , young woman on roller blade who turn , smile , and wave at the camera . it be la dolce vita Los Angeles style . the driver a handsome , fortyish man in a town car talk into cellular phone . this be mile massey . mile -- hello marjory , any message ? yeah ? yeah ? yeah . yeah . have wrigley look up oliphant v. oliphant for its relevance to the chapman filing . she take the kid where ? tahoe ? which side of tahoe . great . if the cruise go all the way around the lake , she leave the state and she 's in breach . she can not leave the state . tell wrigley to prepare a filing to attach everything . primary residence , auto , stock ... ( beat ) sure . put he through . ( beat ) hello Ross . what ? she 's sleep with the nanny ? well , you be separate . she can sleep with -- be this the one you sleep with ? oh. a guy ? interesting career choice . hmmm ? yes . I know you want she dead . everyone in you tax bracket want they ex wife dead . ext . beverly hill manse rex be try he key in the front door of he house . find it do not , work he rattles the knob , then lean on the doorbell . we hear distant chime . rex honey ! ... honey ?! finally , through the intercom : marylin rex . get away from the door . rex look , marylin , can not we have a civilized discussion about this ? marylin we be . and it 's wind down . rex but marylin , you know a divorce would ruin I right now . everything I have -- everything we have -- be tie up in my business . the business be my entire life . marylin be you forget about the atcheson , topeka and the Santa Fe ? rex marylin ? marylin rex . go away . I do not want to have to sic the dog on you . rex dog ? from inside the house we hear the menace sound of large dog barking . lettering on a interior wall ; it say massey , meyerson , sloan &amp ; guralnick . a pull back show that we be in a wait room , and a receptionist lean over she partition to chirp at rex rexroth . receptionist Mr. massey will be right with you . int . massey meyerson conference room - day mile address a group of young attorney at the firm . mile the problem be that everyone be willing to compromise . that 's the problem with the institution of marriage -- it 's base on compromise . even through its dissolution . one attorney will try to score some point , the opposition will try to impeach . the process will find a equilibrium point determine by the skill of the oppose lawyer , and then each party will walk away with they portion of the " goody . " some say , " life be compromise . " but at massey myerson we believe life be struggle and the ultimate destruction of you opponent . the receptionist poke she head into the conference room . receptionist you eleven o'clock be here . mile lady and gentlemen -- we will continue this at the associate meeting next Friday . in the meantime , I want you to consider this ... Ivan the terrible , Henry the VIII , attila the hun -- what do they have in common ? as he exit . associate Middle name ? mile massey' office you may have see it in the issue before last of " World of interior . " there 's a Rothko on the wall , a elle bleu humidor on the desk , peony in the vase , and the diploma be from Yale . mile Mr. rexroth . rex rex , please . mile mile massey . please sit , relax , and consider this office you office , you haven , you war room -- for the duration of the campaign . rex thank you . mile now rex . he lean back in the leather executive chair behind he desk , make a steeple of he finger , and don he look of deep concern . mile -- tell I you trouble . rex , nervous , laugh ruefully . rex jeez . where do I start ? mile give a encourage , rueful smile in return . rex ... well , my wife have I between a rock and a hard place . mile that 's she job . you have to respect that . rex when I first meet marylin -- well , we be crazy about each other . not emotionally , of course . we just could not keep we hand off each other . mile mm. rex but then ... but then ... quietly . mile time march on . ardor cool . rex no . not exactly . it do not exactly cool . marylin be a knock -out . and very sexy -- but -- there 's a lot of it out there . mile ah. rex you know what I mean when I say " it . " mile gotcha . no need to get anatomically correct with I , rex . rex seem like there 's more of it than ever before -- mile well , with the expand global population -- let I ask you this -- you wife . have she pursue the opportunity which must present themselves to the " knock - out , sexy woman " you describe ? rex I do not know . I can assume ... mile not in court you can not . have she retain counsel ? rex I be not sure . mile and you wife be aware of or have evidence of you activity ? rex video . mile mmm ... and to cut to the chase , forensically speak -- be there a pre-nup ? rex hang he head . mile sigh sympathetically . mile the fault , dear brutus , be not in we star , but in ourselves . well , let I ask you this : what kind of settlement do you seek ? what be , for you , the parameter of the possible ? rex that 's the problem . I can not afford to give she anything . mile nothing ? rex I know that sound rough but I be about to close on a deal to develop some mini-malls , and I be mortgage up to my ass . if this deal go south , I be ruin -- I will lose million . mile so , you propose that in spite of demonstrable infidelity on you part , you unoffend wife should be toss out on she ear ? rex well -- be that possible ? mile smile at he . ext . running path - san vicente blvd . - morning marylin power walk along the San vicente bike path with she friend sarah sorkin and ramona barcelona . it 's early , but the path be crowded with biker , blader , runner , power walker , wheelchair racer etc . ramona push she infant in a baby jogger . sarah you want to come out to the beach house tomorrow ? marylin I do not know Barry have a beach house . sarah neither do I until my lawyer find it -- quite a paper trail -- he have it in the dog 's name . ramona ( to marylin ) so who would you hire ? marylin Ruth rabino . sarah she 's a legend . do not she do kravis or a pearlman ? she definitely do a factor . marylin she do a harriman . sarah wow . marylin in the word of my private investigator , we be go to nail he ass . ramona I have be try to nail George 's for year , but he 's very careful . I will just keep have child . I think I be pregnant , by the way . sarah ramona ! do not get Mia farrow on we . ramona Three be not farrow . sarah who 's rex 's guy ? marylin mile massey . sarah of massey myerson ? marylin do you know he ? sarah by reputation . he get Ann rumsey that cute little island of George 's . ramona George be so impressed he hire he when he divorced he second . sarah muriel rumsey . marylin who 's she ? sarah now ? she 's a night manager at McDonalds . ramona you should have try to get pregnant marylin -- solidify you position . marylin no . ramona you like kid . marylin I can not have a baby with a man I do not love ... and I can not submit a child to divorce . sarah it 's not so bad this day . kid like joint custody . two set of toy . ramona maybe next time . marylin maybe . sarah we do have a man for you . ramona thorstenson gieselense . he just separate from he third . he 's in fish . he be fish . sarah she 's keep he name . and one of he plane . and all seven of he child ramona and only two be hers . marylin please . I be not see anyone until this be over . one husband at a time . sarah I wish I have you discipline . a courtroom we be close on the person on the witness stand , a woman in she 60' . lawyer Mrs. guttman , you have testify that you be you husband 's sexual slave for thirty - six year , ever since you be marry -- witness except for two year when he be in the navy , in Korea . lawyer Prior to you marriage , what be you profession ? witness I be a hostess . for tran - World Airlines . lawyer what be you husband 's profession ? witness he manufacture staple and industrial brad-tack . he 's very successful . jump back at the counsel 's table in the foreground mile chat , voice lower with wrigley , a boyish , bespectacle junior associate . Beyond they we see the woman on the witness stand continue she testimony . wrigley wait ... he want to give she ...? mile nothing . wrigley and she have ...? mile video . wrigley what the fuck ...? mile turn to wrigley with a look of indignation . he gesture to they surroundings . mile wrigley ! wrigley sorry . mile sometimes I have serious doubt about you . wrigley I be very sorry . mile be I mentoring the wrong mentee ? wrigley no . you be not . mile I could be mentoring Kramer . Kramer clerk for scalia . wrigley look suicidal . background lawyer ( o.s. ) could not you simply walk away from this abusive relationship ? woman no , he have the video ... mile anyway , I need a challenge . this -- he wave dismissively at the courtroom . mile -- be not a challenge . I need something I can sink my tooth into , professionally speak . woman he would invite this girl home from the staple factory to we condominium in Palm Springs . he have a device he call the intruder . judge Mr. massey ! I ask again , if you have any question for the complainant . mile I be sorry , you honor , I be just confer with my associate ... he rise . mile now then , Mrs. guttman . do you know a gentleman name Morris rudnick ? mrs . guttman well , yes , Morris be my accountant . mile ( sadly ) accountant . he reach back and wrigley put a manila file in he hand . mile we would like to offer this photograph into evidence ... waiting room - massey meyserson the receptionist lean over she partition to chirp at marylin and she attorney Ruth rabinow . Ruth be a sturdy woman in she late 60' . if Mrs. guttman have go to law school ... receptionist Mr. massey will see you now . conference room in the middle of the massy meyerson conference table be a large fruit and pastry plate . the door swing open . mile rise . mile ... Ruth ! they shake hand . mile -- Ruth rabinow , this be rex rexroth . and you must be Mrs. rexroth . marylin and you must be Mr. massey . they appraise each other for a beat . they be impressed and , they be impressive . as they settle in : marylin ( sadly ) hello , rex . rex marylin . marylin be you alright ? you lose weight . rex my whole metabolism be -- off . mile have be stare at marylin . she notice this , and smile shyly . he snap out of it . mile so , Ruth . how 's Sam ? RUTH Sam be Sam . he 's take up fly fishing . he 's in a yert in Montana . mile a yert . ( to rex ) Ruth be a live legend , rex . at a time when most woman be in boca , have early bird special -- she 's work so she husband can be in Montana . in a yert . rex what 's a yert ? RUTH ( dryly ) I run into you mother at the radiologist last week . mile what ?! RUTH oh , just a routine mammogram . she say to say hello . she 's go to positano with you brother 's family . a tight , terse smile from mile . mile how nice . marylin positano be beautiful . remember when we be there , rex ? we stay in the Santo pietro ? that hotel on the cliff ? rex yeah . they drift for a moment . RUTH so , mile . if you have a proposal , let 's hear it . mile at this point my client be still prepare to consider reconciliation . RUTH my client have rule that out . mile my client be prepare to entertain a amicable dissolution of the marriage without prejudice . RUTH that 's delusional . mile my client propose a thirty day cool off period . RUTH my client feel sufficiently dispassionate . mile my client ask that you not initiate proceedings pend he set certain affair in order . RUTH ha ha . mile ( concede the point ) heh heh . rex what 's so goddamn funny ? mile lay a hand on he arm . mile please -- let I handle this . he put the clipboard away and look carefully at Ruth . mile -- so much for the icebreaker . what be you after , Ruth ? RUTH my client be prepare to settle for fifty percent of the marital asset . mile why only fifty percent , Ruth ? why not ask for a hundred percent ? RUTH oh brother . here we go . mile why not a hundred and fifty percent ? RUTH yes . maybe you be right , mile . maybe we be be too conservative . seventy five percent . rex wince . rub he stomach . marylin lean forward and whisper to he . marylin do you need a tagamet ? rex you have some ? she remove a pack of the tablet from she purse , along with several vial of prescription drug . marylin this be yours . mile not accord to Mrs. rabinow . she hand the pill to a grateful rex . they hand touch for a moment . marylin have you be take you digestive enzyme ? rex ( contrite ) sometimes I forget . she look at he like a concerned parent . mile and Ruth watch the interaction . marylin ( to the attorney ) I be sorry . where be we ? RUTH we be about to request the primary residence , and thirty percent of the remain asset . mile be you familiar with kirshner ? RUTH kirshner do not apply . kirshner be in kentucky . rex what 's kirshner ? mile please -- let I handle this . okay , Ruth , forget kirshner -- what 's you bottom line ? RUTH the primary residence and forty percent of the remain asset . you be become tedious mile . rex be not we go in the wrong direction ? mile shhh. please . let I do my job . ( to Ruth ) buy a clue , ruthie . have you forget about kirshner ? Ruth stand and close she attaché case . RUTH see you at the preliminary . mile call to Ruth 's retreate back . mile Fine . we will eat all the pastry . go through the door , Ruth do not react , but marylin follow , glance back -- bemuse , but with a trace of a smile . rex swallow two more tablet . he sit , look despondent . mile I think that go as well as could be expect . rex she always look out for I . mile and she have private investigator assist she . rex ( sentimental ) she bring my digestive enzyme . mile in anticipation of make you sick . rex maybe I should reconsider my ... mile look at he . shake he head , sadly . mile a superficial display of marital solicitude , and you lose you resolve ? rex . I underestimate you . but I be you attorney , and if you choose to reward she for that mediocre charade of spousal concern ... he shrug , helplessly . rex you be right . screw she . int . gym - close on a woman walk across a gymnasium floor . suddenly , she 's assault by a huge , grotesquely garbe assailant . his sweat barely cover he massive , overdevelop musculature . on he head , a ski mask stretch over a padded football helmet . he grab the woman , yank she back towards he . she react swiftly . with a ferocious " no , " she stomp on he foot , and smashes he in the face . the mugger raise he hand in a gesture of submission . applause we pull back and see that we be in a self Defense class . two instructor , two " mugger " and ten woman student all wear t-shirt with the word impact - personal Safety . marylin and Sarah sit against the wall . marylin I do not know what he game be . he dismiss every one of Ruth 's proposal . and Sarah , we be not unreasonable . sarah well what do he want ? marylin I do not know . Ruth keep she cool , but I could tell she be surprised . sarah he have a reputation for be tough . marylin watch as a new " victim " begin she walk across the gym . marylin ( grinning ) lilly 's up . sarah oh , God ! the mugger emerge from he station and make he way toward the " victim . " she glance over she shoulder , and at the sight of the monster bear down on she , scream and run to the exit . marylin and Sarah giggle , but reproachful look from the other student force they to affect concerned look . marylin ( whisper ) every week -- sarah I be die . the two instructor and the mugger try to coax the sobbing woman back into the room . they clasp she in a empathic group hug . marylin anyway , even rex seem perplex by he intransigence . if I do not know better , I would swear massey have some personal investment in my ruination . sarah so where be you now ? marylin well , if he continue to maintain this position -- we be in court . sarah shit . marylin get this ! he call and invite I to dinner . the instructor , a vivacious phy ed major , approach marylin . instructor marylin ? ready . marylin huh ? oh , yeah . sure . marylin get up and coolly walk to center stage , pass the traumatize lilly . sarah that 's completely odd . marylin begin the victim walk . the mugger quickly move up from the rear . marylin ( to Sarah ) I know . that 's why I accept . find out what 's up with this clown . the mugger be upon she . he grab she hair . she stomp he foot , and smoothly wheel around smashing he in the nose with she elbow , while kneeing he in the groin . the woman cheer . instructor that be excellent , marylin . but you forget to yell " no . " marylin ah. ( calmly , to the mugger ) no . CUT to : elegant restaurant - evening mile rise from he seat as marylin enter . mile Mrs. rexroth . thank you for come . the maitre d' be pull out a chair for she . marylin I have to admit . I be curious . and hungry . maitre d' something to start ? some wine , perhaps ? mile glance at the wine list . mile french ? ( she smile ) bordeaux ? hmmm . chateau margaux ' 57 . mile nod at the maitre d' who return the nod and withdraw . marylin I assume this be on rex ? mile be not everything ? mile regards she . mile you husband tell I you be beautiful , but I be unprepare . marylin " dismiss you vow , you feign tear , you flattery , for where a heart be hard , they make no battery . " mile lean back , prop he chin on one fist , and consider she . mile Simon &amp ; garfunkel ? she laugh . mile do you have a hard heart , marylin . marylin do you see the tape ? mile not yet . marylin see the tape . then we can discuss my heart . a waiter appear and pour a taste of wine which mile sip and -- he nod at the waiter who pour two glass . marylin tell I Mr. massey . what be you performance about this afternoon ? mile what do you lawyer think ? marylin Ruth say you have be too successful , that you be bored , complacent , and you be on you way down . mile but you do not agree ? marylin how do you know ? mile why would you be here ? marylin I tell you . I be hungry . flap a menu enter frame . it be hand to marylin ; another be hand to mile . mile I will have the tournedo of beef . and the lady will have the same ? ( to marylin ) I assume you be a carnivore . marylin I know you do . she address the waiter . marylin risotto with white truffle , please . mile look at she with appreciation . mile " who ever lov would that lov would not at first sight ? " marylin you do not ask I here to pick I up . you could get in trouble for that . mile not really . you be not my client . freedom of association . Big issue with the first amendment fan . want to go to Hawaii for the weekend ? marylin have you ever be marry , mile ? mile no . marylin you do not believe in it . mile as a matter of fact , I be a huge fan . marylin you just have not meet the right person . mile no. I have not . have you ? she regards he for a moment . marylin all right , mile . let I tell you everything you think you know . I be marry to rex for a long time . I be a excellent wife , a partner , a lover , a hostess and a friend . there be only one thing I do wrong during the five year we be together . I get five year older . think he should be able to ditch I for that ? mile he want a reconciliation . marylin see the tape . then we can discuss reconciliation . rex screw up and I nail he ass . now I be go to have it mount and have my girlfriend over to throw dart at it . then I be get on with my life . that 's all I be after . mile gotcha . marylin what be it you be after , mile ? mile oh , I be a lot like you -- just look for a ass to mount . marylin well , do not look at mine ! voice ( o.s. ) oyez . oyez . family court for the fifth district of Los Angeles County be now in session . court room a large black woman in judicial robe and raiment enter from behind the solomonic platform . clerk -- the honorable marva munson preside . all rise . massey , wrigley , and rex rexroth in between , rise . rex and wrigley remain respectfully stand , face forward , as they whisper out of the side of they mouth : rex have you sit before she before ? wrigley consider . wrigley -- the judge sit . we argue . we argue before she . she sit before we . rex okay . have she sit before you before ? wrigley you can not sit before she . that 's the rule ! she sit before we argue ! mile glance over and hiss : mile shut ! up ! a gavel crash later we be on a close lateral track of the juror face as they sit , with earphone on , in the darken courtroom , illuminate by a flicker tv monitor . leak tinnily through the headsets we hear a very faint : voice I be gonna nail you ass . the track end over at marylin 's table , where marylin also wear headphone , look on with study stoicism . Ruth lay a consol hand on she shoulder . later marylin rexroth now struggle to maintain she composure on the witness stand . she be modestly dress and she attitude be one of shocked , wounded innocence . marylin I be devastate . of course . RUTH thank you , Mrs. rexroth . judge Mr. massey , any question ? mile soberly rise . mile mmmm -- he pace , hand clasped behind he back , affect to be lose in think . marylin watch he . finally mile , still pace , declaim : mile " dismiss you vow , you feign tear , you flattery , for where a heart be hard , they make no battery ... " marylin look up from she handkerchief with a look of startle irritation . mile stop pace and turn to face she with a faint smile . mile do you know that line , Mrs. rexroth ? marylin examine he with guard eye . Ruth sense something unscript go on , try to cut it off . RUTH objection , you honor ! judge Grounds ? RUTH uh ... poetry recitation . mile let I rephrase . Mrs. rexroth , how high be that wall around you heart ? marylin eye he suspiciously . RUTH you honor , this be harassment ! arid frankly it 's still a little ... she flutter one hand . RUTH ... arty farty ! mile rephrase . Mrs. rexroth , have you ever be in love ? marylin hesitates , give a " what do this mean look " to Ruth . she return a " beat I . " marylin yes . I love my husband , rex . mile and you have always love he ? smile slip out : marylin " who ever lov would that lov would not at first sight ? " mile return a fleeting smile . mile and you hope to spend the rest of you life with he ? marylin yes . why be that so difficult for you to understand ? she look at rex with tender sorrow . marylin rex be -- be -- a very appeal man . I be sorry I could not ... ( tearing up ) I try my best . mile almost smile . she 's good . mile that will be all Mrs. rexroth . please forgive I for cause you additional anguish . ( to the judge ) thank you , you honor . no further question . a bailiff offer to help marylin off the stand . she politely and courageously decline . judge who 's next , Mrs. rabinow . RUTH we rest , you honor . judge Mr. massey ? mile yes , you honor . I call Patricia Kennedy decordoba isenberg . bailiff Patricia Kennedy decordoba isenberg . marylin , in the process of reseate herself behind she table , pause . Ruth notice this and lean in . RUTH who 's that ? marylin Jesus . a attractive woman in she mid fifty advance to be swear . she be a beauty , but she glory day be past and she 's not take it well . she look tense and slightly hypo-manic . she speak in a breathy , giggly voice , and smile frequently for no apparent reason . bailiff Mrs. isenberg . patricia banderas . bailiff Mrs. banderas , do you solemnly swear that the testimony you be about to give shall be the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth so help you God ? patricia yes , Mr. bailiff . I do . mile now , Mrs. banderas . what be you relationship to Mrs. rexroth . patricia we do not have much of a relationship anymore . I have not see she since before she marry rex . we have some very nice time prior to that . we be quite close . RUTH ( to marylin ) be this a lover ? marylin please ! mile and how would you define you relationship to Mrs. rexroth . you know -- you be she ...? patricia mother ? RUTH what ?! marylin sigh . mile her mother ? Patricia smile coyly . give marylin a silly little wave by way of greeting . patricia hi , sweetie . mile hard to believe I know . I be sure you be frequently mistaken for sister . marylin ( mumble ) he will regret this . mile have you ever meet Mr. rexroth ? patricia no. I have not . but I have be out of town . ( Little girlish wave ) hello , rex . hello there . mile you be never invite to meet you son-in- law ? patricia no . uh uh . I do not think so . hmm ? no. well ... no . RUTH objection , you honor . this be not about Mrs. rexroth 's filial obligation . judge sustain . mile do you know Mrs. rexroth be marry ? patricia of course . of course she be marry . what else would she be ? single ? I do not think so . she laugh merrily at some private joke between she and she psyche . patricia let I tell you something about Patty . mile who 's " Patty . " patricia oh . that 's she name . Patricia . like mine . I be Pat and she be Patty . but she change it after see " some like it hot . " to marylin . after marylin Monroe . mile I see . and what be you go to tell we about Patty slash marylin ? patricia when she be a tiny girl ? and people ask she what she want to be when she grow up ? she never say the usual thing little girl say -- like -- nurse -- ballerina -- anchorwoman ? she always say -- ( very shirley Temple ) " when I grow up , I want to be divorced . " she laugh happily at the memory . mile divorce be she childhood aspiration ? patricia well , not just divorce . she use to say " I want to be divorced from some big dumb rich guy ... " and I guess she dream be come true . ( to marylin ) I be happy for you Patty int . sarah sorkine beach house - night pasta be cook . salad be toss . wine glass be fill . it 's girl 's night at the beach . marylin it be like that scene in the godfather . frankie pentangeli be call to testify against the family . and he 's in court , and he look into the spectator gallery , and see he brother . they bring the brother from Sicily . and frankie can not say a word . he can not testify . that 's what it be like see Pat in there . I could not even have Ruth cross examine she . ramona why do you think she do it ? marylin ( shrug ) maybe she want a free trip to LA . maybe they offer she money . massey be very seductive . who know . ramona maybe they put a horse head in she bed ? sarah that stink . they leave you with absolutely nothing . it make you wonder about the entire legal system . like rodney King . marylin they buy she speech . if I be only in it for rex 's money , he should not have to give I any . ramona that do not make sense . it 's like punish you for be goal orient . sarah well , you can live here as long as you want . do you have any plan ? marylin nothing specific , but I will have my own place soon . sarah so , marylin . be that what you say when you be a little girl ? marylin probably . every woman in my life be divorced at least twice . what be I suppose to say . anthropologist ? ramona I begge you to have a baby ! marylin in the godfather , after the courtroom scene , frankie pentangeli open he vein in the bathtub . sarah you be not ... marylin no . I will see some blood before this be over , but it will not be mine . CUT to : int . giant mock tudor - beverly hill mile be at he weekly chess game with he college friend , dr . kenneth beck , a disaffected plastic surgeon . mile , cohiba in hand , study the board . Dr. Ken sip he merlot . move a piece . mile she get absolutely nothing . Zero. Zip . kenneth so . I will not be see she ? you client usually visit I after the settlement . mile not this one . not unless she hmo cover plastic surgery , which , incidentally , she do not need . kenneth everyone need plastic surgery . you need it . mile I do not need it . kenneth you want botox ? mile what the hell be botox ? kenneth it 's a form of botulism . I just inject it into you forehead , and it paralyze you eyebrow so you can not raise they ... mile why in God 's name would I want ...? kenneth no frown line . ( notice mile watch ) New watch ? mile it 's a lecoultre rever . you can flip the face , and set it for two time zone . kenneth why would you need two time zone ? you never leave beverly Hills . mile it be a gift from a client . kenneth set one side for bel Air . mile botox . Christ . we have aspiration when we be in college . kenneth we do not . mile you be go to be a cardiac surgeon . I be go to clerk for the Supreme Court . kenneth I be go to play golf . you be go to have asian girlfriend . mile denial be not a river in Egypt . Kenneth move a chess piece . kenneth you be in check . mile I should be in therapy . int . mile massey' office mile address bonnie donovan , a client . mile yes . you husband do show remarkable foresight in take that picture . and , yes , absent a swim pool , the presence of the pool man would appear to be suspicious . but bonnie , who be the real victim here ? let I suggest the follow . you husband , who on a prior occasion slap you -- beat you -- bonnie ( react ) well , I would not say -- mile you husband , who have beat you -- repeatedly -- bonnie he -- mile please -- be at the time brandish you firearm , try in he rage to shoot a acquaintance -- friend of long stand -- bonnie they hate each other -- mile so he say now ! but if not for you cool head intervention , he tantrum might have end this schmoe 's life and ruin he own ... as for the sexual indiscretion which he imagine have take place , be not it in fact he who have be sleep with the pool man ? he stare contemplatively at the ceiling and , after a beat , respond to the silence : mile be I go to far here ? a squawk box interrupt with a female voice . voice Mr. massey , Mr. meyerson would like to see you when you have a moment . mile be surprised . mile herb want to see I ? voice when you have a moment . int . office slatted shade be draw against the sun . it be dim , gloomy . we can just make out the shape of a ancient man -- small , hunch -- seat behind a enormous desk . a gallow shape next to he be hard to make out ; it be tall , rail thin and fix with a swinging , glint appendage . a voice -- old , dry , rasp , lightly accented of a long - go Brooklyn boyhood -- seem disembody and sourceless , as if it be the voice of the gloom itself . voice thoity -six objection sustained , tree overrule ; fawteen summary judgement seek , toiteen ranite , eighteen movment to voice fuh respondent 's prejudice , eighteen ranite which be a hunnut pissent a arm be be extend toward we and the glint appendage swing with it : we see that it be a iv which snake down and into the hunch man 's suit sleeve . voice -- twelve cawt day on the rexrawt case alone ; tree hunut and twenty billable hour paralegal soivicy ; four hunnut and two billable associate counsel and consultative ; six hunnut and eighty billable at full attorney rate and eightyfive lunch charge . mile take the man 's offer hand , withere and roped with vein , and accept its clammy shake . voice -- counseluh , you be the engine that drive this foim -- he lean back in he chair , breathe heavily , and run a tongue over he sandpapery lip . he be wear oversize swifty - lazar style glass , heavily tinted in spite of the dark . at length mile thank you herb . int . mile office mile sit behind he desk , finger steeple , stare at nothing , a haunt look on he face . his intercom squawks : voice Mr. massey -- mile please ! no call ! I be feel very fragile . voice I be sorry , Mr. massey , but I feel certain you would want to know -- marylin rexroth want to see you . mile marylin rexroth ? when do she -- voice she 's here now . int . private bathroom mile run he finger through he hair , carefully examine himself in the mirror . suavely smile . mile marylin ! how nice . he clear he throat , begin again with lower pitch , suave smile still in place mile marylin ! how lovely , uh -- he run a finger across he tooth , which squeak , then put back the suave smile mile -- marylin ! what a pleasure -- doorway on mile as he open the door , suavely smile . mile marylin , what a plea -- who the fuck be you ? facing he in the doorway be a large roughly handsome middle age man in a business suit . just behind he be marylin rexroth , look as coolly beautiful as ever . she smoothly put in : marylin mile , how nice of you to see we -- may I introduce Howard D. doyle of doyle oil . doyle I tell you we know each other , baby . Mr. massey represent my ex-brother - in law . Martin reiser ? mile oh. right . wo not you have a seat ? doyle ( to marylin ) after you , doll . marylin glide into the office . seat herself on the couch . doyle sit next to she , one proprietary hand on she knee . mile and how be Mrs. reiser ? doyle few suicide attempt , little inpatient stint . naturally , she miss she kid . six weekend a year and alternate yom kippur seem harsh to we but -- hey -- all 's fair . anyhoo , she life with a " nurse , " take she med and go to occupational therapy at a local shelter workshop . mile so she 's uh , flourishing ? doyle she make feel wallet . get one right here . doyle pull out a derange piece of feel stuff with money . most of the content slip to the floor . doyle yeah . I know . leather would be more practical , but whatcha gonna do ? marylin mile , I know you be busy and that you charge by the hour so I will come to the point . Howard and I be plan to marry . mile be stunne . mile muh -- well , uh -- huh ? doyle yep . my divorce just come through . shoulda call you . coulda cut a better deal ! my wife still have health insurance and get to see the child . but , I do not know . guess I be just a softie . after all amanda and I be together for -- what -- you would know better than I , marylin . she be you best friend . marylin ( thinks ) sixteen year ? Howard Jr. be fourteen and Mandy must be what -- twelve ? doyle ( to mile ) here . get picture . he remove a family photo from the feel wallet . it 's of Howard and two fat teenager . apparently the former Mrs. doyle be cut out , but a ear and part of a hairdo be sill visible in the shot . mile I ... uh guess congratulation be in order . doyle well -- marylin and rex break up and ... marylin honey , I do not think this be really relevant to ... doyle ... and one day , this sweet girl call I , ask I to lunch . just a shoulder to cry on deal . one thing lead to another and before I know it -- marylin -- we realize we would always be very attract to one another . mile no ! doyle I have no idea until after , but -- he look at she with predatory lust . doyle baby . you be so hot ! marylin ( coy ) Howard ! he pull she close to he and plant a massive kiss on she . mile what a touch story . doyle you know , mile , after my wife -- wife 's mastectomy -- thing be never the same . this might sound cold , well , maybe not to you , massey , but ... ( man to man ) I like my woman with two boob . mile flash marylin a " you be kidding " look , but she assiduously avoid eye contact . marylin Howard and I be here , mile , because I have learn through bitter experience that when it come to matrimonial law , you be the very best . mile acknowledge this with a curt nod . marylin as you be well aware , my previous marriage end with a unjustified strain on my reputation my motive be question . I be slander in court . doyle you do good , massey ! marylin therefore in a effort to remove any trace of suspicion from my sweet Howard -- I wish to execute a pre - nuptial agreement . doyle and -- there 's no talk she out of it . believe I , I have try . marylin they say the massey pre-nup have never be penetrate . doyle she say " penetrate . " heh heh heh . he grope she . she giggle like a teenager . mile oh , for the love of ... marylin that be true , be not it mile ? you pre-nup be the best there be ? mile that be correct . not to blow my own horn , but they devote a entire semester to it at Harvard Law . doyle Harvard ? whoa , daddy ! mile I just want to make sure that you both -- he eye marylin . mile -- understand what you be ask for here . the massey pre-nup provide that in the event of a dissolution of the marriage for any reason , both party shall leave it with whatever they bring in , and earn during . no one can profit from the marriage . the pre-nup protect the wealthier party . doyle well -- at the moment , that would be I . mile and without it , that party be expose -- a sit duck . no wriggle room . doyle a wriggle room ! maybe we should put that in the malibu house . screw the screen room ! mile ( slightly sicken ) -- and we be sure ... eye boring into marylin . mile -- we be both sure that 's what we want ? marylin absolutely . doyle course I can not do much " wriggle " if you tie I up like that again . massey -- this be one bad bad little girl . marylin ( laugh ) we would better go before we get throw out . elevator bank marylin and Howard wait for a elevator as mile trot out to catch they . mile Excuse I , Mr. doyle , if I could just borrow you charming fiancee for a moment . doyle what part ? mile I would just like to have a word with she . doyle why not ? I be go to have she for a lifetime . mile drag she to the side as doyle check he Sports pager . mile what be you do ? she back up as he try to close the space between they . marylin get marry . mile to he ? he 's a sick freak . marylin he 's passionate . mile passionate ! he 's a pervert . he should have to register when he move . marylin all girl enjoy a little rough trade from time to time . mile marylin ! listen to I . marylin no . you listen to I . ( very quiet and deliberate ) you bust I , mile . you leave I with nothing ! what do you expect I to do ? get a degree in counseling ? write a book about table linen ? because that 's what wife do when they get dumped , and frankly , I be not quite ready for that . mile but why he ? marylin we tell you . we realize we have always be in love . he have back she against the wall of a alcove which shelter a flowering ficus . mile the massey pre-nup have never be pene -- successfully challenge . marylin so I hear . be that all ? mile no , that 's not all . he move to kiss she . mile you fascinate I . she deftly slide out of the way . mile watch she as she head down the hall . as she get on the elevator , Howard grab she butt with one hand , while give mile a high sign with the other . int . howard house - night mile stare at the chessboard . mile do you think I be go to end up like herb myerson , with a colostomy bag instead of a family ? kenneth get any symptom ? mile yes . the inability to experience pleasure . kenneth oh. that. ( beat ) do not waste time with you queen . mile what ? kenneth the Center counter Defense . the thing be not to move you queen too early . mile she can not really love that idiot , can she ? kenneth what ? mile marylin rexroth . she come into my office and sign a pre-nup with Howard doyle . kenneth doyle oil ? ( mile nod ) a massey pre-nup ? ( mile nod again ) she love he . mile he 's the wrong man . kenneth mile ! do not waste time with someone else 's queen , either . ext . a wedding bower - aka chuppa from behind the bower , rabbi bolensky emerge , strumm he guitar and sing : bolensky parsley sage , rosemary and thyme -- remember I to one who life there ... a pullback reveal Howard D. doyle before the altar with marylin . he be in a tuxedo and yarmulke . she be dress in a simple , Kennedy - type gown . bolensky -- she once be a true love of mine . the last arpeggiate chord ring out ; bird tweet , everyone sit . as mile and wrigley seat themselves , wrigley be sniffle . mile be irritate . mile what the hell be wrong with you ? wrigley I can not help it . even with the business we be in , I -- it get I every time . it 's so -- optimistic . mile be she go through with it ? as the crowd quiet with the end of the song , wrigley murmur : wrigley if she 's not go through with it , she 's cut it awful close . rabbi bolensky parsley Sage Rosemary and thyme . ingredient . spice . spicy ingredient for the banquet we call -- life . Marriage be like a great feast . courtship be the appetizer . a small mix green taste of thing to come . the early year -- the first course -- a carefully poach fish dish dependent on freshness and delicate handle . or perhaps a light pasta -- a tortellini stuff with cheese and hope . wrigley ( whisper , to mile ) you have any gum or mint ? rabbi the main course -- mature Love -- a hearty stew , cook slowly in the oven of companionship until the meat fall off the bone . and then -- dessert . the reward for year spend together -- the sweetness of a life well live . a sorbet of grandchild , follow by the decafe demitasse of retirement . there be silence , break only by the twitter of bird and the restlessness of a hungry audience . finally : rabbi bolenksy do you chaim David doyle , take marylin to be the Barbara to you wolfgang though the lean year as well as that that be heavily marble ? doyle I do . rabbi bolensky and do you , marylin rexroth , take chaim to be the roux in you bechamel ? the stock in you sauce ? marylin I do . mile argh . head turn . mile bite a knuckle . bird twitter . rabbi bolensky then , by the power vested in I by the state of California , and as the maitre would in the prix fixe four Star Restaurant of life , I now pronounce you -- man and wife ... a kiss . cheer . applause . a reception on the ground rabbi bolensky stroll through the crowd with a heaping platter of smoke salmon . mile be darkly brood as wrigley open a Tiffany box to show he the content . wrigley what do you think ? mile what be they ? wrigley Berry spoon . mile spoon ! honestly wrigley , I be surprised at you . what be this ? some martha Stewart suggestion ? that be the most cockamamie thing I have ever -- wrigley mile -- why so angry ? mile sound wistful : mile why could not we be the club sandwich ? ding ding -- Howard D. be tapping a knife against he wine glass . the crowd quiet . doyle lady and gentleman , boy and girl : I have something to say to my bride . Howard D. turn to one side to address marylin , take one of she hand between he paw , as she beam up at he . doyle -- darling , like the rabbi say ... life be a banquet , a Grand bouffe , and marylin , darling ... I just want you to know that I be in the kitchen and I can stand the heat ! laughter from the gallery . doyle and I be go to start this marriage by eating my word . because the hot hor d'oerve of this love story be -- pre-nup primavera ! he reach into he breast pocket and withdraw a piece of paper . doyle carmine ! bring on the pesto ! a caterer place a plate and a bowl of sauce in front of doyle . marylin look on , surprised and bemuse . doyle -- this be for you , darling . he start tear strip off the piece of paper , dip they into the sauce , and eat they . his mouth stuff with paper , doyle repeat : doyle -- this be for you , darling . the crowd be murmure -- the murmur grow in volume -- a smatter of applause -- cheer -- more applause -- wild cheer . slowly rhythmically , mile start thumping he hand together , nodd comprehension . mile brilliant . next to he wrigley be puzzle . wrigley why be he do that ? mile ' hand - clap accelerate . mile brilliant . it 's brilliant . he 's eat the pre-nup . wrigley 's eye widen . he look back at doyle eat the paper . doyle this be for you , darling ! wrigley burst into tear . wrigley that 's -- the most romantic thing I have ever see -- in my life ! doyle this be for you , darling ! later marylin stand at the punch bowl accept congratulation . mile approach and draw she aside . mile I would like to offer my congratulation . that be a beautiful gesture of Howard 's . marylin Howard be a beautiful person . mile yes . he 's a diamond in the rough . and I have a feel that someday soon you will be take that diamond and leave the rough . marylin mile . mile . mile . mile I be thrilled for you , but tell I this ... how would you get Howard to do it ? I have address enough jury to appreciate the power of suggestion , but it seem like he think it be he own idea . marylin it be he idea . it be a gesture of love and trust . be happy for I , mile . mile well , when this go south -- promise you will have dinner with I ? marylin ( she hold a plate of food for he ) have you try the duck ? mile I figure a couple of month . that 's how long it should take for the ink on the settlement to dry . he take the plate of food from she . marylin it have bone . be sure to swallow one . mile although know you as I do -- there will be no settlement . this time it will be complete and total annihilation . with a roar we CUT to : int . lear jet cockpit a uniform pilot and copilot be cruise the corporate jet high above a vast ocean of cloud . the pilot be wear a headset . after a long moment of listen he shake he head . pilot Jesus -- CO - pilot what --? pilot -- I have hear some -- I have hear some sick thing -- in my -- CO - pilot what ?! the pilot reach above he head and throw a small toggle switch and the cockpit be awash with the sound of scream , laughter and music : male voice oh casey Jones be the rounder 's name , t'was on the 6:02 that he ride to fame ! int . cabin of lear jet scream with laughter , two naked damsel in conductor 's cap be push rex rexroth around the cabin on a miniature locomotive . he be wear he railroad boxer and bellow " the ballad of casey Jones . " back to the cockpit CO - pilot who be that guy ? pilot rex rexroth , the mini-mall king . get to be the richest man on the West Coast , from what they say . the copilot shake he head . CO - pilot Jesus . from the speaker hup ! come all you rounder if you wanna hear ... CO - pilot why're they go to muncie ? the pilot shrug . pilot he 's think of buy Indiana . exterior whooosh -- the plane roar away . int . mile office mile and of course we shall have to litigate . sentence . paragraph . wider a secretary seat by he desk be take note . mile -- naturally the first concern for both party be the welfare of little wendell junior . nevertheless , we question whether the continue expense for he special ed class be truly justified give the great stride -- wrigley enter . wrigley I be sorry I be late . I be have lunch with Ruth rabinow 's assistant . guess what ? marylin rexroth be divorced ! mile ( delighted ) ha ! wrigley ... and I hear she 's richer than croesus . mile ah , but be she richer than Mrs. croesus ? wrigley she could buy and sell you ten time over . mile she deserve every penny . they pay great athlete a fortune . well , marylin rexroth be a athlete at the peak of she power . he hit the call button . mile get I marylin rexroth doyle . wrigley what ...? mile she owe I a meal . wrigley I would stay away from she , mile . mile I know you would , wrigley . but would Kramer ? we hear the receptionist Voice : receptionist Mrs. doyle for you . int . fancy restaurant we move in on one of the table where marylin and mile sit as a waiter pour they champagne . waiter Le veuve clicquot ponsardin , 1982 . mile thank you . I will take care of it . as he fill marylin 's glass : raise he own in a toast . mile to victory . marylin I do not feel victorious mile . I feel betrayed , abandon and humiliate . I have picture of he with another woman ... mile more picture ? my God , marylin . you can open a erotic art gallery . marylin do you invite I here to score some cheap laugh . mile no. just to comfort you , and appreciate you -- marylin ( reproachfully ) you really think I engineered the whole thing . you think the marriage and the divorce be part of some scheme . you come here to celebrate because you think I be without morality or soul . you -- ( with difficulty ) sound like my mother . the waiter hand mile a menu . waiter should we order ? marylin yes , I -- well , I be not really ... mile not hungry , huh ? neither be I . a long pensive moment . mile reach across the table and take she hand . she let he . he stroke it . int . car mile drive . marylin sit silently look out the window . doyle mansion mile pull up to the huge house . marylin thank you . and good-night . he take she hand again . mile marylin -- she put a finger to he lip . sadly , mile relinquish she hand . she exit the car and walk up to the front door . mile watch she go . int . bedroom - massey mansion we hear Court tv on in the background . mile alone in bed , read Art in America . on the tv a Witness be be examine by the prosecutor : prosecutor ... and he ask you if ...? witness ..if I reckon I could find someone to keel he he wife . prosecutor who ask you this ? witness Dean Leonard . Da defendant . ( point to the defendant ) that guy ! clap of thunder -- bolt of lightning in a boil night sky . there be distant , echoing wail . woozy dutch track along a point suitcoate arm . sandpapery voice eighteen hunnut billable hour . twelve hunnut and twenty - one motion tuh void ... the woozy track find the cadaverous hand at the end of the arm with a iv tube swinging from it . mile stand next to the arm . he 's hold a assault type weapon . sandpapery voice ... five nunnut and sixty faw summary judgenent . a hunnut and twenty - nine thousand four hunnut and seventeen lunch charge ... mile shoot -- bonnie fall . then Mrs. guttman . marylin be next . mile hesitates . sandpapery voice counseluh ? counseluh ? mile point the gun at herb . ring . ring . ring . mile bedroom he bolt up in bed , sweat . ring he gaze stuporously about , reach for the ringing phone . mile hello ? marylin mile ? mile yes ? marylin ? marylin you be right about I . I be worthless . I be nothing . I do not deserve to live . mile marylin ? when do I say ...? marylin I do not blame they for betray I . I do not blame rex , or Howard or my father . you see , mile , I be go to tell you something about I . something you may or may not know . I suck ! we hear the screech of tire . marylin ( yell at someone ) screw you , asswipe ! mile marylin ? forgive I but be you -- drunk ? marylin a little . ( scream ) you get out of the car . that 's right , fuctard . I be talkin ' to you ! mile you should not be drive . where be you ? marylin I be on sunset . near the beverly Hills hotel . wanna meet I for a drink in the polo ...? mile I live right near there . the 800 block of maple . come here . marylin -- come here right now before -- just come here . marylin okay . should I stop at Starbucks and pick up a blend for -- mile no . do not stop . marylin okay mile . int . den - massey mansion marylin sit in the de . she 's have some coffee and , although teary and dishevel , be no longer psychotic . marylin I just cry when I get home . somehow , you disdain for I -- I be pretty tough mile , but I be human . all my life people have be ascribe this terrible motive to I . I use to think they be jealous , or they do not understand , but ... I dunno . maybe other see something in I . something I be not even aware of . anyway , thank you for let I come here . I guess I be a little drunk . she take the coffee cup and have a sip . she look like a lose waif . marylin you have a very nice home , mile . very invite . mile thank you . marylin you have wonderful art . I love that lithograph . hockney ? mile yes . I just get that , actually . it be a gift . marylin from a -- girlfriend . mile no. no. I do not have a ... no . it be from a client . marylin no kid . I will bet you have some very grateful client . what would rex buy you ? mile rex send I two humidor full of pre- castro cuban . marylin look at a photograph mile have on a side table . a woman and two SMALL boy . the woman have she arm around one of they . the other stand close to she . smiling , but awkward and tentative . marylin be that you ? mile me. yes . marylin oh . and that be -- mom ? mile yeah . mom. Mom and brother . marylin you look like you be a very sensitive child . you have expressive eye . mile walk over to look at the picture . mile hmmm ... marylin and you mother be very beautiful . she must be proud of you . mile she never particularly care for I . marylin she do not love you ? mile no . she love I . she would never not love she son . she just do not ... I be not she " type . " she say I be a very , colicky baby . you know ? difficult . not a good sleeper ? do not eat well ? we get off to a bad start , and she never seem to recoup -- marylin she hold that against you ? mile apparently she be very disappointed . marylin Boy . Boy , oh boy . marylin look at the picture again . and yes -- you can see how hesitant mile be . marylin be move . a flash of something genuine cross she face . marylin and here I think my mother be ... mile you mother be . marylin oh right . you meet Patricia . she take a sip of coffee . regards mile . marylin we be damage goods . mile no , we be not ! marylin we be , mile . you know I be right . there 's something " off " about you and I mile . and maybe it be not because of this woman -- maybe they be just extremely insightful and recognize we " deficiency " very early on . maybe ... mile that be bullshit ! mine be a bitch and yours be a psycho . I can not believe you be say this , marylin ! there 's nothing wrong with we . we be attractive and charismatic and successful and ... I like we . marylin I be sorry mile . you should not listen to I . I be sure you have a very fulfil life . I would better go . I be depress . mile no . marylin thank you for the coffee . it 's very robust . she stand . pick up she purse . walk over to he with a outstretch hand . marylin Friends ? mile do not go . stay with I for a while . he do not release she hand . instead he draw she to he , and kiss she . she kiss he . he kiss she back . she ... CUT to : int . bedroom - night mile and marylin -- make love . later they be in post coital wrap . mile I have to say -- I be speechless . no. I be never speechless . marylin I be a little embarrassed . I be not use to lose control with such -- volume . mile and I be not use to -- marylin -- there 's something I want to ask you . marylin what be it mile ? mile I want ... I want to ... she wait , puzzle . mile I want to be you -- you wife . marylin huh ? mile no ... that be not right . I want you to be my wife . marylin do you just propose to I ? mile yes . I be . what else could that word mean ? I believe we belong together and we can make one another happy . and we should be happy because happiness be better than the alternative which be -- just jump in any old time , marylin . you have more experience at this than I do . marylin yes . mile yes ? yes , you do have more experience ? marylin yes , mile . I accept . mile you do ? marylin do you want I to sleep on it ? mile no . marylin do you want to sleep on it ? mile no mar 'am . I have be asleep all my life up to this moment . marylin , will you marry I ? marylin yes. again . they kiss . mile I do not have a ring ! marylin I know . mile I have a watch . she laugh . kiss he . marylin I be happy . int . chapel mile and Kenneth wait . dress in suit . mile look nervous . kenneth I be happy for you , pal . mile thanks , buddy . kenneth be she asian ? mile asian ? no. kenneth well ... I be still ... wrigley , rush in , carry a briefcase . mile wrigley ? wrigley mile . mile Kenneth this be my associate , wrigley . wrigley this be my friend , Dr. beck . wrigley the plastic surgeon ! I read about you in LA style . mile do you have it ? kenneth I have it . mile you have the pre-nup ? kenneth no . I have the ring . be I suppose to have a pre-nup ? mile no . you have the ring . wrigley have the pre-nup . kenneth oh . I think maybe -- ( he see someone ) gee ! marylin enter . she look outstanding . her friend , Sarah sorkin and ramona Barcelona ( who be now visibly pregnant ) accompany she . sarah Dr. beck ! kenneth Sarah ! how be you ? mile you know each other ? of course you do . ramona you be Dr. beck ? I have a appointment to see you in March . right after I lose the babyweight . which of course , will be after I have the baby ... marylin Sarah sorkin . ramona Barcelona -- this be mile massey . sarah hello mile . ramona congratulation mile . mile hi. hello . ( to marylin ) marylin . you know my young associate , wrigley . marylin I do . he be at my divorce and my wedding . what would a marital related event be without wrigley ? wrigley it have become a tradition , have not it ? marylin I love the berry spoon . ( wrigley beam ) I do not have any . thank you . mile well , wrigley bring something else for you today , darling . wrigley pull a sheaf of papers from the briefcase . mile this -- be the massey pre-nup . wrigley hastily pull a ballpoint from he pocket and click it . mile grab the pre-nup , and as he turn to marylin , he tone soften . mile marylin , you be welcome to examine it , but as you know -- it 's iron clad . sarah it be . it 's famous . wrigley I try to reach Ruth , but we could not get she . mile we want Ruth here for you protection as well -- wrigley the judge be here . over here , judge munson . marylin be not she the judge at my divorce hearing ? mile yes . short notice you know , but I think there 's nice closure to it . hello judge muson . a pleasure as always . judge munson what 's up with you two . mile we be get marry . judge laugh . judge munson what 's the gag ? mile a gag ? no. marylin look at the pre-nup . then pull mile aside . marylin Excuse I , judge muson . judge you get it , Patty . marylin ( to mile ) you bring a pre-nup to we wedding ? mile yes . ( she be not have the expect reaction ) it 's for you protection , sweetheart . you be the one with the -- the ... wrigley -- the coin ? marylin mile . I do not want to sign this . I want this marriage to be different . okay . judge munsen and wrigley be here , but other than that ... judge should I go out for a smoke ? mile no. judge -- just a sec . but marylin , if we sign it , I can not hope to benefit from the marriage . marylin ( sadly ) oh mile ! mile what I mean be , you wealth be completely protect . as if a lead veil have be draw across . she look deep into he eye . into he soul . marylin mile . listen to I . you be about to become my husband . I do not want to be protect from you . I want to be protect for you . wrigley ( move ) ohhh ... mile but ? marylin I want this to be a marriage base on love , trust and community property . that 's all I have ever want . sarah but marylin , without this , you be completely expose . marylin I want to be expose . ramona you be vulnerable . marylin it 's about time . judge you be a sit duck . marylin ( to mile , with great affection ) quack . int . chapel mile and marylin stand before the alter . judge munson do you , mile Herbert massey of massey meyerson take marylin Hamilton -rexroth - doyle ? marylin yes . judge munson " doyle " , to be you lawful wedd wife to -- mile I do , yah I do , uh huh -- judge munson let I finish ! she glare at mile . judge munson -- Jesus ! have not you ever be marry before ? chasten , mile bow he head . judge munson -- to have and hold , to love and to cherish , till death do you part ? there be a long beat , through which mile stare at he shoe . marylin look at he . mile -- I do . judge munson and do you , marylin Hamilton - rexroth doyle , take mile Herbert massey of massey meyerson , to be you lawful wedd husband , to have and to hold , to love and to cherish , till death do you part ? marylin I do . judge munson I now pronounce you man and wife . wrigley burst into tear . the married massey montage CUT to : int . massey house - morning mile and marylin asleep in bed . the alarm ring . mile wake , turn to he beautiful wife -- kiss she good morning . she give he a sleepy smile . mile dress for work . marylin , in a sabia Rosa bathrobe place a tray with coffee next to he . he hold up two tie for she -approval . she select one . he put it on . mile and marylin read newspaper while eat breakfast . she serve he a bowl of fruit and indicate wrigley 's berry spoon . they laugh heartily . marylin wave good bye as mile back drive to the office . she wave at the gardener who blow palm frond around the lawn . mile office he have manage to fill he credenza with picture of marry life . due to its brevity -- this picture be uneventful , the massey 's wear the same outfit in most of they . mile work . he be interrupt by the voice of he secretary . secretary I have Mrs. massey on line one for you . mile pick up . mile Mom ...? he laugh and laugh . we hear marylin 's laughter come through the receiver . mile exit a flower store with a bouquet of tulip . marylin at the doorway , greet mile as he arrive home . as mile change into he casual after work outfit , ( khakis ? ) marylin sit at the edge of the bed . he 's tell she about he day , and she be rapt with attention . the massey 's have a candlelit dinner of fish and pasta . the tulip be in the middle of the table . mile and marylin snuggle on a couch and watch Seinfeld . mile in bed on the new frette line . a few too many pillow , but he 's make it work . marylin enter the bedroom in a nightshirt that be the perfect combination of innocence and nastiness . he put down he book as she get into bed with he . they gaze at one another -- the picture of contentment and impending lust . click - light out ext . massey myerson - conference room - day mile be address the young associate . mile for the first time in my life , I stand before you naked ... vulnerable ... and in love . Love . a word matrimonial lawyer shy away from . ironic be not it -- that I have be frighten of this emotion which be , in a sense , the seed of my livelihood . but today , I be here to tell you : Love should cause we no fear . Love should cause we no shame . Love ... be good . ( he let it sink in ) let I ask you a question . when we client come to we confuse , angry , hurt because they flame of love be flutter and threaten to die -- should we seek to extinguish that flame , so that we can sift through the smolder wreckage for we paltry reward ? or should we seek to fan this precious flame -- this most precious flame -- back to loving , roaring life ? the young associate look confuse . wrigley raise he hand . wrigley extinguish ? mile should we counsel fear -- or trust ? should we seek to destroy -- or to build ? should we meet we client ' problem with cynicism -- or with love ? mile ( another raise hand ) Kramer ? kramer build ? mile the decision of course , be each of ours . for my part , I have make the leap of love , and there be no go back -- herb myserson sit in the back of the room . he watch , breathe heavily . int . den - massey house mile and marylin watch a cable movie crowded together on the small sofa . marylin I be sorry . I be squishing you . I will move to the ... mile no. stay . I want you close to I . this couch be wrong . it 's not a " marry couch . " he survey he surroundings with a critical eye . marylin honey , I could sit ... mile in fact , this be not a marry house -- it 's a bachelor pad . marylin hardly . you have six bedroom mile I know . but I have convert most of they into ridiculous " guy " room -- a billiard room , a card room , a gym -- honey , want you to go out , as soon as you feel up to it -- and buy marry thing . woman thing . personalize it . marylinize it . make this you house . he hand she a credit card . mile here 's my card . spend as much as you want . we get mileage . marylin well , I suppose I could " girly " it up for you with a little fortuny , and some passementerie -- mile good . ( beat ) be that food ? marylin fabric and fringe . mile exactly . and then -- maybe -- not right away -- there 's a room right off the bedroom -- it would be perfect for a nursery . ( he take she hand ) it 's a walk in humidor right now -- but if I take out the refrigeration unit -- marylin mile . mile I think a nursery should be right off the master suite . my parent put mine in the guest house . apparently they do have a Fisher price intercom , but my mother turn it off when I be seven month old because I be so -- she stop he with a kiss . mile you want child , do not you ? int . quatrain antique - day a pricey antique store near melrose . ramona you say ' yes ' do not you ? marylin I say yes . she pick up a antique chinese bowl . marylin be this ming ? sarah it 's not ming . it 's tong . ramona be tong older than ming ? marylin I think ming be older than tong . ( to the salesman hover nearby ) what be this ? salesman that be a chinese prayer bowl . it 's chen dynasty . marylin ok . I will take it . he set it aside next to the formidable pile of loot the girl have accumulate . marylin I can not do this anymore . let 's get some lunch . sarah what about rug ? I think we be stop at Mansour ? marylin right . salesman ( to marylin ) and will this be check or --? she hand he the platinum Visa . salesman ( glance at it ) very good , Mrs. massey . he trot off with the card . marylin absently finger a antique guide candelabra . marylin ( sigh ) well . he say to " make the house mine . " ramona oh boy . if he only know . marylin yeah . I guess . you know -- sarah what ? marylin he 's not what I expect . he 's very -- he 's so -- happy . sarah but you be go through with it ? marylin yes , yes , it 's just -- you know I have never be the first wife . rex be marry before I . sarah so what ? marylin mile be different . he 's still so idealistic . sarah well , that 's about to change big time . marylin he have no cynicism or anger . for once I be not the repository of rage at some other woman . sarah soon , you will have you own rage ! marylin I guess . int . flower store - evening mile be buy a huge bouquet of flower . as he exit he be stop by a woman . she be in she 40 's but look older . woman wait . I know you . mile yes ? woman you be mile massey ! you probably do not recognize I . the drug make I put on weight and grow facial hair . mile Excuse I ? woman you ruin my life you sonofabitch . gimme that . she grab the flower . pull petal off one of the rose and eat it . woman but my brother get you . he get you , you slimeball . a nurse run over . nurse Emily ! mile what be you ... ( to the nurse ) be she yours ? woman Howard doyle be my brother ? you know my brother , Howard doyle . you do know my brother , do not you ? nurse I be sorry , sir. Emily . give the man back . mile yes , I know Howard doyle . woman he trick you . with a phony wife and a fake pre-nup . Howard doyle . he get you . you marry marylin , do not you ? you think she have money . ha ha ha . Howard doyle make you think that because of what you do to I . and to marylin rexroth . yeah . I hear all about it . my brother Howard doyle get you . ( singsong ) neener neener neener . int . RUTH rabinow's office Ruth calmly watch mile ranting around she office . mile he divorced he wife -- he marry marylin -- he divorced marylin -- and he -- remarry he wife ? what kind of sick -- RUTH marylin be friend with Howard and amanda doyle . they do not like the way you operate . they help she . mile he never eat the pre-nup , do he ! RUTH I have no idea what Howard doyle eat . I be not a damn dietician . mile do marylin end up with money ? RUTH she 's you wife . why do not you ask she ? anyway , I assume she sign the highly over rate massey pre-nup . mile I do not have a pre-nup mile hang he head . Ruth sigh sympathetically . RUTH ... the fault , dear brutus , be not in we star ... mile do not give I that crap . that 's my crap . RUTH and it 's good ! mile I will have you suspend . I will have you disbarre . RUTH do not threaten I , mile . I do nothing illegal . mile ... why do she do it , Ruth ? why ? RUTH that 's attorney client privilege . ( as she go back into she work ) sorry , mile . but as a great and clever man once say , what 's good for the goose -- int . massey house - night marylin greet he at the door . marylin hi. mile hello marylin . marylin I have a surprise for you . mile I bet . she bring he inside . the place have be massively accessorize . antique , rug , lamp and assort tasteful chatchky . there be a new biedermeyer couch in the de . marylin ta Da . mile look at it , expressionless . marylin you do not like it ? he stare at she -- a very dark look . marylin you do not like I ? mile ( flatly ) I love you . I want to have you baby . marylin what 's wrong mile ? do I spend too much ? she retrieve all the receipt from she purse . marylin mile . I have a very good relationship with all the salesmen . I can return everything . mile can you marylin ? can you return the trust ? can you return the hope ? the dream ? can you just ... ( bitterly ) send it all back for store credit ? marylin mile ? you be scare I . mile ( pull himself together ) I be sorry , darling . I love it . it 's chic and timeless and elegant and eclectic and . it 's you , marylin . it be you . int . kitchen marylin be on the phone with Ruth . marylin but Ruth -- thing have change -- yes -- yes I understand . but you see -- I could not file , do I ? and maybe I be not go to file . maybe -- maybe Ruth -- yes. okay . outside bedroom - massey house - night the bedroom door be close . marylin knock repeatedly . marylin mile ? open the door , mile . please open the door . I want to talk to you . mile ? I be come in . here I come . she push the door open . no mile in sight . on the bed , scrawle on a piece of m mm stationery , tape to one of the mmm frette pillow -- a note which read -- " if you prick we , do we not bleed ? if you tickle we , do we not laugh ? if you poison we , do we not die ? and if you wrong US shall we not revenge ? " int . kenneth' house Kenneth stare at the chessboard . Court tv be on the background . tv screen court tv reporter we be back at the Trial of New Jersey v. medrano . Mr. medrano be accuse of kill he wife , alicia in 1992 . he claim it be suicide . let 's return to the courtroom . see the action in the courtroom -- the prosecutor show the jury a extremely large handgun . prosecutor how far would this gun have to be in order to inflict a wound without leave powder burn on the scalp . expert witness approximately three foot . prosecutor and how could Mrs. medrano shoot herself in the back of the head from a distance of three foot ? kenneth really long arm ? he move a piece . mile they will not get a conviction . the husband call it in as a suicide . the forensic guy be not think murder . I be sure some of the evidence be compromise . kenneth it 's you move , mile . mile ( sadly ) I already make my move , Kenneth . int . massey house a private yoga class . marylin , Sarah and ramona be in the plow position . the yuppie sikh instructor place he weight on Sarah . sarah vishu ! knock it off . that hurt . vishnu breathe through it . Sarah try a few deep breath . marylin concentrate hard . vishnu that 's good , marylin . marylin I do not even know where he be . he look so devastate . if I could just talk to he for a few minute . sfx doorbell marylin be that the bell ? ramona it sound like a bell . marylin I will be right back . int . hallway - massey house marylin walk to the door . open it . two police officer . marylin yes ? can I help you ? police officer marylin Hamilton rexroth doyle massey ? marylin yes . police officer we have a warrant for you arrest . marylin what ? int . police station - montage - day marylin be photograph front and profile . she be finger print ; she be searched and relieved of she jewelry ; and finally , she be throw into a hold tank with several other woman -- trap . she cling despondently to the bar . int . police station - day Ruth be admit to the hold area . int . holding tank - day a Police Officer walk down the hall . unlock the door . police officer you can go now , Mrs. massey . someone make bail . marylin exit . int . ruth's car marylin sit next to Ruth . marylin forgery and fraud ? RUTH you use he credit card . marylin he tell I to -- he say he want I to -- RUTH quite a little shopping spree . how do you spend six figure in less than six hour ? oh , never mind I have see it before . I have see everything . marylin do you think he set I up ? do you think that be he intention ? RUTH like I know he intention ? or yours for that matter ? ( sigh ) I should join Sam . I be too old for this bullshit . marylin he never even ask . he just assume -- RUTH he be right , be not he ? marylin so. now what ? RUTH now ? well , marylin , now you cut a deal or find out how Jean Harris make it work for she . int . massey house - day mile open the door . marylin be stand there . mile well . well . well . look who make bail ! marylin May I come in ? mile I do not know . maybe I should grab my mace . I be a civil attorney . I have little experience with " the criminal mind . " marylin I would just like to pick up a few of my thing mile I do not believe you have " thing . " marylin on the contrary . we be marry and we have no pre-nup , so a case could be make that everything in here be mine . marylin walk into the de . sit on the new sofa . marylin comfy ! mile what do you want ? marylin I want to nail you ass . mile be you threaten I , because I be sure that 's a violation of the term of you bail . marylin I be report you to the IRS . mile the IRS ? they owe I . I be expect a refund . he laugh . she look at he , dead serious . mile I be clean with the IRS . I have report every dollar I have ever make . try again , girlfriend . marylin I be not talk about dollar , studmuffin . I be talk about -- she open a humidor and take out a cigar . marylin STUFF . ( chomping on the cigar ) get a light ? mile what kind of " stuff ? " she reach into she purse . pull out a dunhill and expertly light the cigar . marylin arty farty stuff . ( point to the hockney ) lithograph and pre castro cuban . watch and mileage on private jet . stuff , mile . stuff you get from grateful client . mile that be gift . marylin salary . unreport income . ( glancing at he watch ) by the way , what time be it on bellagio Road ? mile you can not prove anything . marylin I do not have to . that 's what the IRS guy do . and they do it with great zeal . see , they work at this tortuous civil service job , and when five hundred dollar a hour boy like you take they trade out in luxury goody , this sap feel .. well , they feel like sap . and they feel bitter and they feel vengeful and they feel wrath . ( puff on the cigar ) what be this ? a Romeo and julieta ? mile you be out of you league , marylin . rexroth be a primate . I be a professional . marylin I know . so be I , right ? and so be agent Wilson of the Internal Revenue service . he 's a dedicated , underpaid graduate of southwestern University -- very tenacious , and never more so than when he 's deal with a unscrupulous colleague . ( she stand to leave ) I think it 's only fair to warn you : I be go to file a action , mile . and after a decent interval I plan to have Ruth seek a injunction that will forbid you approach within 500 foot of my house . mile meaning my house . marylin I believe the residence will be part of the settlement . mile do we marriage ever mean anything to you ? marylin Drop the bogus forgery charge and I will forget about you generous friend slash client . mile that 's blackmail . marylin that 's marriage . she give he a peck on the cheek . as she leave : marylin you will always be my favorite husband . mile sit dejectedly on the new sofa look at the painting . he look at the watch . and the cigar . and the picture of he mother . mile pity you can not be here . you would enjoy this . close on a bag of fluid we pull back from the milky yellowish bag of fluid to show that a nurse be unhook and remove it from under herb meyerson 's wheelchair where it collect drainage . she now place it up on the iv gantry and connect , and swap the now empty drip under the wheelchair to collect drainage . we be once again in herb meyerson 's gloomy office , its venetian block most of the light and make herb a dark , enigmatic figure . herb this woman have humble , shame and disgraze the entire foim . a reverse show mile stand in front of herb 's desk . mile yes herb , herb counseluh , this foim deal in powuh . this foim deal in p'seption . this foim cannot prospuh ... nor long endowwa . if it be p'seeve as dancin ' to the music .. he wave he free arm to the beat of music unheard . herb -- of the hoidy - goidy . mile I understand herb ... I just ... for the first time in my career -- I do not know what to do . I be a patsy . a sit duck . I be lose . herb lose ! I will tell you what you can do , you can -- he bring himself up short and turn to the nurse . herb -- leave we . she head for the door . herb -- you can act like a man . let I tell you sumpn , smart guy . you tawt you have it all figgud out . trust. Marriage . all ya goddamn love love love . well now you lissean I . I be gonna talk to you about the goddamn law . he climb unsteadily to he foot and try to pace , gesticulate , with the iv sway dangerously behind he . herb -- we soive the law ! we honuh the law ! we make we goddamn bread and buttuh by the law ! and sometimes , counseluh , we obey the law -- he pause to let this sink in . herb -- but conseluh -- this be not one a that time . int . bedroom - massey house mile be in bed , morosely watch Court tv . tv screen Close on nikki rosen - a court tv anchor nikki we be interrupt we schedule weekend coverage because we have just receive word there be a verdict in the kentucky v Leonard case . we now join the case -- live . the courtroom bailiff ( read ) of the charge of murder in the first degree , we the jury find the defendant -- not guilty . the studio nikki speak to she Guest host . nikki he get away with it . guest Simpson start a trend . CUT to : close on a edgy look gangster , joe . he be perspire heavily . he breathes through he mouth with the rasp wheeze of a asthmatic . his labor breath rattles as he stare across the table at someone off . at length , a voice : voice ... be you Joe ? still stare , but perhaps by way of answer , the gangster raise a inhaler , stick it in he mouth , and squeeze . whush . gangster ... dumbarton ? a reverse show mile seat across a small round table in a seedy low - light clam house . photo of Ted Kennedy and the Pope adorn the wall .. mile I be here represent Mr. dumbarton , on a ... matter of some delicacy . gangster who 's the pigeon ? mile Excuse I ? gangster who do you want I to kill ? mile well -- I , uh , that be to say Mr. dumbarton -- would like you to uh , neutralize a , uh , business associate by the name of marylin rexroth doyle massey uh dumbart -- uh , massey . gangster be that ... one person ? mile here 's she picture ... he be shove a envelope across the table . mile ... and the address where she 's stay . it 's the residence of a Mr. massey . uh , dumbarton . massey . uh , it 's not Mr. dumbarton 's house . though he 's not involved . and because of a impending legal action this need to happen within a certain ... time frame . uh ... on a expedite basis . the gangster stare expressionlessly . he raise the inhaler again and , with he eye still on mile , squeeze . whush . gangster you be in a rush . mile Mr. dumbarton be , yes . a long beat . finally , mile explode mile she will not suffer , will she ? he bite a knuckle , gaze fearfully at the gangster . the gangster stare impassively back . gangster ... not unless you pay extra . int . rex rexroth mansion a enormous oak panele room . furnish with chair sofa and a huge circular bed . a fire roar in the far corner . on the wall above the bed a film loop be be project -- soft core pornographic image . on the bed , rex be surround by three naked beauty , smear in cola dust and wear conductor cap . rex I have be work on the railroad -- tart all the livelong day ! rex I have be work on the railroad tart just to pass the time away ! rex can n'tcha hear the whistle ... the whistle ... awwwwwww . rex hunch over , clutching he leave arm . one by one , the girl stop dance and stare . there be a somber silence , break by another . rex awwwwwww -- the girl be all watch now . one of they step forward . tart -- whatsa matter , rexie ? int . kenneth' house a guest room . Dark , dirty and fill with empty bottle of expensive french wine . we hear a phone ringing in a different room . it ring several time . the figure on the bed stir , roll over , moan , clamp a pillow over he head . the ring of the distant telephone be interrupt and we hear a muffle voice : voice hello . yes , he 's here . just a minute -- we hear approach footstep and Kenneth enter the background , knotting a bathrobe . he turn on the light in the room . kenneth mile . it 's for you . the figure on the couch pull away the pillow . it be indeed mile massey . he blearily take the offer phone . mile hello . yes -- what ?! yes -- I see -- after another listen beat he drop the phone away . he remain stare dully out into space . mile my god. kenneth what ? mile that be marvin untermeyer . kenneth yes ? mile he be rex rexroth 's personal attorney . kenneth what do you mean , be . mile rex just have a massive coronary . in the middle of a business meeting . he 's dead . Kenneth be mildly puzzle . kenneth I be sorry to hear that . but you be not close , be you ? mile marvin say that rex 's will be four year old . he never redraft it . kenneth yes . mile voice be still flat , expressionless : mile everything go to marylin . he look up a at Kenneth . mile she 's rich . we be still marry . we have no pre-nup . kenneth so , that 's good , right ? minute later mile pace with the telephone . he punch number with the thumb of the hand hold the phone ; he other hand hold a coffee cup from which he take tremble slurp . voice this be joe. wuddya need ? then a beep . mile Joe . this be Mr. uh ... friend of -- we meet . this be to instruct you it 's no go ! do you understand I ?! no go on marylin rexroth doyle -- no go . he slam down the phone . kenneth who be that ? mile that be -- oh , shit . what if he 's on he way over there ? kenneth huh ? consume with remorse , mile moan . mile marylin ! what have I do ? kenneth I do not know , but do not call I marylin . mile car mile drive , speed , take corner hard while punch number into he car phone . mile get she out , buy some time ; get she out -- int . massey mansion - night in the bedroom , the phone start ringing . a hand enter to pick it up . we follow the hand up to reveal marylin hello ? mile speed car mile marylin ? marylin mile ? mile ! where have you be ? I have be try to get in touch . mile you have to leave the house immediately ! marylin I will , mile . I will leave . but mile -- mile no but . now . out . marylin just listen to I . I be sorry , mile . it 's true that my initial intention be to ... mile please ! leave the house . marylin I fall in love mile . mile so do i. now pack up a few basic and -- marylin you do ? you do love I ? massey mansion marylin hang up the phone . she walk slowly around the room , pause at the mantelpiece to pick up a frame picture of mile , which she contemplatively regards . we pan with she continue walk to bring Joe into frame . he stand with he back press to the wall . she 's start for a moment , but quickly recoup : marylin whoever send you , I will pay double . joe Mr. dumbarton . she show he the picture of mile . marylin be this Mr. dumbarton ? joe no ... she cock a eye at he . joe that 's he lawyer . marylin triple ! joe who 's the pigeon ? we faintly hear a car screeching to a halt . ext . massey mansion massey exit the car . he clutches a can of mace . int . mansion we hear a key scrape in the lock . the front door swing open onto a dark foyer as mile tiptoe in . mile ( whisper ) marylin ? dine room mile tiptoe through , look warily about . he back through the swinging door connect to the kitchen . find himself face to face with Joe . mile Joe ! thank God you be in time . you be not in time . I be in time . thank God I be in time . Joe stare at he . mile it 's a no go ! get it ? no one any the wiser . okay ! he make a cow-herd motion with he hand . mile you can go home now ! Goodbye ! thanks so much ! Joe take out he gun . mile no no ! no contract ! it 's all over . this have no effect on Joe who be unscrew he silencer . mile be exasperate . suddenly -- marylin appear . marylin it 's a no go , Joe . mile marylin ! marylin it 's okay Joe . Joe glance at both of they with barely conceal contempt . mile wait ! he work for you ? marylin now . but first , he work for you . mile you be go to have this thug ...? marylin wait just a second there . you send he here . you unearth this pestilence . joe you be call I a pestilence ? that 's a hoot ! marylin ( to Joe ) I be sorry . that be unkind and -- but , we change we mind . ( to mile ) do you really mean what you say on the phone . it be not because you find out about rex ? mile nonono . marylin -- I be you husband . I would be entitle to rex 's money . no matter what happen to you . marylin that 's true . joe lemme tell you something . you be the pestilence . I be the exterminator . marylin oh Joe , be happy for we . I will pay you the twenty thousand . mile it be fifty for you . joe ( to mile ) that 's cause you be a lawyer . I give she the lawyer discount . ( look at marylin ) but I should not of . Cause you be a whore . a whore who worship the dollar . marylin well , actually , all whore worship the dollar , if you want to get technical . joe shut up . I be a lawyer . just like you . and my client ? whore just like you . mile be you with a firm ? joe Kaplan . mile Kaplan ? I know Kaplan . wait . you be Joe gittelson ? I know you look -- you be great -- we study you . joe twenty year in " matrimonial law " and it make I sick . ( he wheeze ) I break up home and family , never givin ' it a second think . till one day . I have a epiphany . you know what that be ? ( they nod ) come with a damn stigmata if you can believe that ! I say to myself -- Joe -- everyone you see want blood . everyone want they ex 's dead . so why jerk around with rest . you wanna best serve you client ? kill they . Joe be raise the gun at mile . mile spray he with mace . bang -- Joe fire blindly , scrunching he eye against the chemical , suck for breath like a jet engine revving for a take -off . slam -- marylin elbow he in the face , break he nose . she finish with a solid groin kick . it slow he down , but do not stop he . Joe stumble a bit , but regains he foot . bang -- Joe be rampaging around the room , still fire , thumping at he chest with he free hand for he inhaler . marylin run to mile . he take she hand and they run toward the door , seek egress . bang -- still fire , he pull out the inhaler but blindly bobble it . Joe reach with he gun hand to keep the inhaler from fall . he momentarily bobble both gun and inhaler . mile pop up in front of he . mile marylin . run . I will distract he . marylin I be not leave you . I take self defense Joe recover and raise the gun to he mouth as he point the inhaler at mile . he squeeze -- whush -- mile squint against the asthma mist and let out a horrify : mile Joe ! bang ! the off -screen gunshot be follow by the sound of a body drop heavily to the floor . silence . marylin run over to mile . they look sadly down at the floor . mile we tell he it be no go ... int . massey myerson conference room - day wrigley sit bounce the steeple finger of one hand against the other . mile sit gaze sadly out the window . the room be empty . there be the whir of ventilation . the click of the door attract both they attention and bring they to they foot . marylin walk in , chic and beautiful as ever , follow by Ruth , who sit next to she , place she attaché case on the table top , and snap its clasp . RUTH alright . wrigley Ruth . mile and marylin be look at each other . quietly : mile hello marylin . marylin hello mile . mile hard to believe this be the way it will end up for we . marylin it 's not something I want either . mile but then -- I guess -- something inside I die when I realize that you would hire a goon to kill I . marylin yes . I know . it 's exactly how I feel when I realize you would hire the goon to kill ... RUTH now you both wait a minute . nobody hire anyone to kill anyone . wrigley hear , hear . there be a uncomfortable shifting in seat . wrigley look at mile . wrigley apparently , from what I can gather , a burglar break into you house -- become despondent over he lifestyle and shot himself . mile be still look at marylin . mile where do that leave we ? RUTH we have outline a settlement ... she push a piece of paper across the table . RUTH we think it 's more than generous . mile ignore the paper , which lie unclaim on the middle of the table . he look at marylin . wrigley my client be prepare to consider a reconciliation . marylin look a mile . marylin how could I trust you , after ... after all of this . mile , stare at marylin , cut in : mile you wounded I first , marylin . marylin you forget rex rexroth ? mile you be forget Howard doyle ? marylin forgery ? fraud ? mile income tax evasion ? marylin murder ? mile murder ! marylin I do not see how we can ever find we way back from ... mile , with he eye still on marylin , reach into he suit coat . he withdraw a piece of paper , spread it flat on the table in front of he and , still gaze at she : mile you know ... there 's nothing in the massey pre-nup that say it can not be execute after the party wed . he decisively click the button on a ballpoint pen , look down at the paper in front of he and scribbles he name . he push the paper across the table toward marylin . gazing at he , seek the truth in he eye , she absently pick up the paper . there be a long silence . we hear only the hum of ventilation , and wrigley 's quiet snuffling . Ruth be look down she nose through she glass -- over marylin 's shoulder -- at the sheet of paper . marylin however , look only at mile . RUTH it 's the massey pre-nup -- marylin rip the paper in half . RUTH ( bored ) o -kay . I be go back to the office wrigley sob openly . RUTH come on wrigley , I will buy you a drink and a anti depressant . wrigley no one will ever love I that way . RUTH not if you be lucky . no. mile rise slowly to he foot . he put he knuckle on the tabletop and lean forward . marylin rise slowly to she foot . she lean forward . they kiss . mile let 's go home . ext . massey house - day we hear a smashing -- breaking . gardener look up briefly from the leaf blow -- but quickly prioritize and continue blast sycamore leave from one end of the yard to the other . track through house to int . massey bedroom the smash be become louder . a axe break the beautiful wood panell in the room next to the master suite . mile wait . just wait for one minute . sweet Jesus , be you crazy ? construction worker look up he 's the one wield the axe . his co - worker cast a look in we direction . mile reach under the rubble and remove one box of cohiba especial . construction worker sorry , Mr. massey . think you clear that shit out . construction worker # 2 you know , man ... that thing will kill ya . I know all you old boomer pothead like they . they be illegal , and you get to put they in fancy box -- but -- shit man ! it 's still tobacco . on marylin mightily pregnant . marylin you know , sweet , he 's right . mile cast a rueful look at the cigar . mile pre-castro . marylin Fine . they be create during a dictatorship . ( place a protective hand on she big belly ) what if something happen to you ? what would I tell little Gus when he ask " what be my daddy like ? " mile look at the box , then at he wife . he toss the box to the concerned construction worker . mile here , buddy . this be for you . the construction worker give he a very hostile look . construction worker ( mumble ) great . now I can die . mile well . you would say " they devote a whole semester at Harvard to you dad . but you Mom be the one that ever only nail he ass . " marylin sweet . mile I think so . fade out : the end