inventing the abbott screenplay by Ken hixon from the short Story by Sue Miller March 21 , 1996 draft for educational purpose only inventing the abbott fade in : 1ext . abbott home - STREET ( haley , illinois ) - day 1 ( late spring , 1957 ) open credit roll over a tent montage -- assorted angle of a group of man hard at work erecting a large stripe " big - top " style canvas tent , including : the long steel stake be sledge- hammer into the lawn , practice hand rapidly rigging the line , the tall center pole be leverage upright , the heavy roll - up section of canvas be maneuver into position , and ending with the canvas be hoist up the pole as the tent assume its full and finish form . new angle - tent -- on the front yard of the abbott mansion . the residence be on Main Street , four block from where the commercial district begin . the mature , over - arching tree make this street of prosperous house a grand promenade . 2ext . abbott home - STREET - day 2 jacey holt and doug holt walk along the sidewalk on they way to school . jacey be seventeen ; he 's as handsome and seemingly self - confident as he young brother be rumple and impulsive . Doug be fifteen , a popular culture chameleon who take on the color and affectation of whomever he " hero " be at the moment ( which presently happen to be elvis presley ) . jacey stop and stare with open - face misery at the tent on the abbott 's front yard ( the installation of the tent indicate that the abbott 's be have yet another of the many party they throw every year ) . doug do not get invite , huh ? jacey go to hell . doug who care ? I be not go and I get invite . jacey who invite you ? ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 2. 2continued : 2 doug Pam , I guess . I do not know . do not open the envelope . I mean , come on , every time a abbott girl get she period they have some party . jacey oh , shut up . doug kotex party , kotex party hat , pin the kotex on the ... jacey shut up ! jacey swat Doug 's school book out from under he arm -- Doug charge he brother to retaliate but they be rudely interrupt by a car horn . they scurry out of the way as lloyd abbott pull he 1957 cadillac out of the driveway and cruise down the street . Lloyd be a well - dress - and - feed man in he mid-forty . a midwestern burgher , he exude the status he enjoy as one of the preeminent pillar of this community . Doug be embarrassed by Lloyd 's pass , but jacey evidently experience a deeper humiliation -- he give Doug a glance of betrayal , turn and walk down the block . 3 omitted 3 4int . high school - corridor - day ( short time later ) 4 eleanor abbott gather some book from she locker . Eleanor be sixteen , outgo , sarcastic , and very popular . she be the middle of the three abbott daughter . Eleanor close she locker , turn and discover jacey stand behind she . he follow she down the busy hall . jacey I try to call you last night but the line be busy . eleanor no it be not . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 3. 4continued : 4 jacey it be busy all night . eleanor maybe you have the wrong number ? jacey be you mad at I ? eleanor no . be you mad at I ? jacey no . who say I be ? eleanor I do . jacey I just want to talk to you last night . eleanor we can talk tonight at the party . jacey I be not invite . eleanor yes , you be . jacey no , I be not . eleanor well , now you be . but if you be mad at I you do not have to come . she give he a sultry smile , turn and glide into a classroom as the bell ring . the corridor be quickly vacate by all but jacey -- he savor the aftertaste of Eleanor 's smile . 5 ext . holt home - evening ( magic hour ) 5 establishing angle of the modest two -story clapboard house in a work class neighborhood . a home - make ping - pong table take up so much room in the detach garage that it force the eviction of the family car , a 1950 plymouth coupe , which be park nearby on the driveway . the garage door be open and the garage light be on . we hear ( v.o. ) doug singing bit and piece of " heartbreak Hotel " in he best elvis fashion . inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 3a / 4 . 6 int . holt home - bathroom - evening ( magic hour ) 6 Doug stand in front of the bathroom mirror ( wear a coat and tie ) still sing " heartbreak Hotel " while he carefully draw sideburn on he face with a wide - nib pen and a bottle of India ink . jacey 's reflection appear in the mirror behind Doug -- he 's wear a coat and tie too . jacey do a pain take on Doug 's handiwork : jacey oh , Christ ! 7 int . dine room - evening ( magic hourminute later ) 7 helen holt be seat at the dining table . she be grade a stack of spelling test with a red pencil when jacey and Doug come in to ask she to adjudicate the matter at hand . she be a attractive but unostentatious woman without interest in appear to be anything other than what she be : a forty - one - year - old widow raise two teenage son on a school teacher 's salary . ( she teach second grade at Haley elementary School . ) jacey he have to wash it off , mother . you can not let he go to the party unless he wash it off . doug it will look worse if I wash it . it 's India ink , it will turn gray , it will look like dirt . jacey he look like such a clown and he do not even know it ! he do not get how thing work in this town . I think you be not even go to the party ? doug change my mind . helen Doug , you do understand that you may be the only person at this party with artificial sideburn ? doug yeah . helen you do understand that you sideburn do not look real ? Doug be hope they do not look that phony , but he conceal he disappointment and nod : ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 5. 7continued : 7 doug yeah . helen that they look , really , as though you would draw they on ? doug ( swallow , then shrug ) yeah . she look hard at Doug for a beat , then turn to jacey . helen well , darling , it seem he do understand . why do not you just go on to the party and ignore Doug . just have a good time and pretend you do not even ... jacey curse under he breath and storm out the front door before he mother can finish she sermon . 8ext . abbott home / tent - STREET - later that night 8 the curb be line with park car . we hear a dance band play " que sera " and the sound of the party as Doug lope up the sidewalk sport he India ink sideburn and smoking a cigarette . he flick the cigarette into the street with well - rehearse ease as he turn and walk up the long driveway towards the glow " big - top " tent . Doug trail he hand over Lloyd abbott 's cadillac , caress it from hood - to - trunk as he amble by . 9int . abbott home / tent - night 9 Doug enter the tent and survey the gather -- a tuxedoe ten-piece band play on the bandstand . despite he mother 's advice , a nauseate grimace fall over jacey 's face when he see that he young brother have arrive . he be dance with Eleanor . ( continued ) 6 . 9continued : 9 they dance past a group of young man on the sideline ( jacey 's senior classmate ) , they be all edgy with envy , wait like predator for they chance to dance with Eleanor . eleanor I be go out to the lake tomorrow . Sandy want to show - off she dad 's new boat . why do not you come ? jacey I have to work . eleanor well , I guess you will just have to write I a letter . jacey what do you mean ? eleanor you say you want to talk to I in private . jacey I mean ... just ... we never get a chance to be together , alone , you know ? steve ( one of the envious classmate ) make he move and cut in on jacey and dance away with Eleanor . jacey handle it with aplomb but he true irritation at be separate from the object of he desire reveal itself as he observe Eleanor flirt with she new dance partner . 10 int . abbott home / tent - buffet table - doug 10 -- sampling the hor d'oeuvre . he place the one he do not like back onto the platter . pamela abbott step over to Doug . she be he age ( fifteen ) , the youngest of the abbott girl , and the least stick -up . pamela hi. u doug hi. she point at Doug 's chest . pamela like you tie . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 7. 10 continued : 10 Doug glance down at he tie and Pam flip she index finger up across the tip of he nose . Doug scowl and point at she bust . doug can I borrow a kleenex ? pamela greaser . doug ( mouth full of food ) get any smoke around here ? 11 int . abbott home - back yard - night 11 Doug and Pam smoke they cigarettes in the back yard . the tent can be see in the b.g . the band be play " mona lisa . " doug so , be this Peter guy Alice be gonna marry rich ? pamela of course . he 's one of the atlas steel vanlaningham . Pittsburgh . he 's a bully . doug so how come Alice 's marrying he ? pamela because my parent want she to and Alice be afraid of my parent . it 's practically a arrange marriage . they think Alice have peanut shell for brain or something , so they sort of suggest that maybe it be time to tie the old knot and they sort of suggest that Peter be the one to do it with . doug jeez , no one can be that much of a pushover . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 8. 11 continued : 11 pamela look , Alice be the good daughter , Eleanor be the bad one , and I be the one who sort of get off the hook . that 's just the way it work . which one be you ? doug you mean , which kind of brother be I ? you get I ? the little brother , I guess . 12 int . abbott home / tent - night ( short time later ) 12 the band improvise a fanfare as Lloyd abbott and he wife , joan abbott , step up onto the bandstand . Joan have the practice poise of a former beauty queen ( as if she smile have be surgically sewn onto she face ) . she have a tendency to smoke and drink a bit too much and eat and sleep a bit too little . lloyd lady and gentlemen -- I would like to propose a toast in honor of we cause for celebration tonight -- the engagement of we daughter , Alice , to mister Peter vanlaningham . he gesture to alice abbott and she fiance peter vanlaningham . Alice be nineteen , the eldest and the prettiest and seemingly most conventional of the three sister . Peter be the scion of a wealthy Pittsburgh family . he and he bride - to - be smile and acknowledge the applause and ad- libbed toast . the band strike up " I get the World on a string " and Joan whisper something to Alice -- Alice go over to Lloyd and ( despite he mock - protest ) pull he out onto the dance floor . ( continued ) 9 . 12 continued : 12 the guest applaud they uninspired box-step ; neither father nor daughter appear comfortable at such close quarter . 13 ext . abbott home - driveway &amp ; tent - night 13 the party be go full swing as Doug wander out of the tent and walk down the driveway . he 's have enough of high society for tonight . 14 ext . sidewalk ( haley ) - night 14 Doug stroll along the sidewalk ( in a residential neighborhood ) softly sing " you ai not nothin ' but a hound Dog . " he pause beside a rubbish can on the curb , strike a wooden match , and set the trash on fire . as he nonchalantly continue down the sidewalk we see several trash can on fire in the near distance . 15 ext . abbott home - back yard - night 15 Eleanor neck with Steve ( jacey 's rival ) on the glider in the gazebo in the distant corner of the yard . the sound of the party can be hear in the b.g. ( the band be play " in Old monterey " ) . jacey stand in the shadow of the shrubbery spying on they with pure heartache . 16 ext . STREET ( haley ) - night ( short time later ) 16 jacey walk home with he eye brim with bitter tear -- past the smolder rubbish can along the curb . 17 ext . holt home - sidewalk &amp ; garage - night 17 ( minute later ) as jacey turn up the driveway , a light snap on in the garage . the garage door be open , Doug sit on the edge of the ping - pong table smoking a cigarette with he hand still on the light fixture pull chain . doug Three out of five ? jacey two out of three . you serve . jacey and Doug pick up they paddle and begin a game of ping - pong . they be expert player and fierce competitor . inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 10 . 18 ext . texaco gas station ( downtown haley ) - next day 18 Lloyd abbott pull he ( 1957 ) cadillac up to the pump . the ding - ding of the bell hose summon jacey . he wear a texaco uniform complete with bow tie and cap . jacey ' Morning . lloyd fill 'er up . hi-test . jacey set the pump nozzle on automatic and clean the windshield . Lloyd slip the ashtray out of the dash , climb out of the car , and empty the ashtray in the trash can . jacey that be a nice party last night . lloyd you be there ? jacey yes , sir . Eleanor invite I . lloyd do she ? do not see you . ( slight beat ) you go to be a engineer like you dad be ? jacey I want to be a architect . lloyd hmmm ... I guess some people care more about have idea that they do about make money . jacey I care about make money . Lloyd idly examine the mechanism on the ashtray that enable it to slide in - and - out of the dash . lloyd that full suspension file drawer you dad invent be still in production , do you know that ? we will ship thirty - maybe-forty thousand of that file cabinet this year . Hell , that drawer put Midwest steel desk on the map . jacey yes , sir . I know . ( continued ) 11 . 18 continued : 18 lloyd a architect , huh ? the gas nozzle click off , jacey hang up the nozzle , and replace the gas cap . Lloyd pull out he wallet . lloyd you want some free advice ? jacey sure . lloyd do not waste you life make other people rich . keep the change . he hand jacey a five - spot and get into he car . Lloyd drive away in he cadillac . jacey crumble the five dollar bill into a ball . as he return to the office he catch he reflection in the mirror of the cigarette machine . he frown and pull off he cap and bow tie . A19 int . boathouse ( lake ) - later that day A19 the abandon boathouse be a dilapidate structure situate on a isolate shore of the large lake . Doug strike a wooden match , shepherd the flame , lean over , hold the match to he ass and light a fart . the amorphous blue flame flare and almost instantly disappear as the gas be consume . victor , Doug 's partner in crime and best friend , be impressed . ( Victor be fifteen , too . ) victor jeez Louise ! how would you do that ? doug intestinal gas -- produce by bacterial metabolism of food residue in the colon . a mixture of oxygen , hydrogen , carbon dioxide , and methane . that 's the secret ingredient . victor what 's so secret about it ? doug not everyone can produce methane . it 's genetic , that mean it 's inherite . there 's a lot of methane in my family . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 12. A19 continued : A19 victor you be full of shit . doug look it up , it 's all in the encyclopedia . victor they do not get fart in the encyclopedia . doug hey , they get ' vagina ' in the dictionary , they get fart in the encyclopedia . the roar of a passing speedboat attract Doug 's interest . victor ( incredulous ) vagina be in the dictionary ? doug 'a canal lead from the uterus to the vulva ' . victor you sure read a lot , man . ( slight beat ) a canal ? b19 ext . boathouse dock ( lake ) - continuous action - day b19 Doug step out of the boathouse onto the sagging dock and see a fast speedboat cut across the lake towing a male water skier . ( another young man be drive the boat with two young woman in bathing suit as passenger . ) Victor come out as the speedboat 's wake rock the old dock . victor asshole ! doug it 's jacey -- that 's he ski . he must have skip out on work . 19 ext . lake - angle on speedboat 19 -- with jacey ski behind it . steve be at the helm . Eleanor and sandy lounge in they bathing suit . ( continued ) 13 . 19 continued : 19 as they pass a ski ramp Steve point to it . jacey give he a thumb 's up gesture and Steve circle the boat around for the approach . sandy no way ! he 's never do the ramp . steve he want to do it . Steve line up the approach and push the throttle open . jacey swing out on the end of the tow-rope and pop over the wake . Eleanor lean over to Steve . eleanor you know you be go too fast ? steve ( grin ) yeah , I know . the boat zip by the ramp and jacey 's skis contact the slippery surface and he skis go out from under he . he take a hard bounce , lose hold of the tow-rope , and go tumble over the apex of the ramp into the water . 20 int . holt home - bathroom - that night 20 jacey be soaking in the bathtub . Doug enter without knock . doug time to eat . Doug wash he hand . jacey climb out of the tub and fetch a towel . and Doug react to ... doug Jesus Christ ! jacey 's back and buttock be severely bruise . jacey wrap the towel around he waist and turn to he brother . jacey do not tell Mom . doug oh , shit ... ( continued ) 14 . 20 continued : 20 jacey ( cut he off ) just do not tell Mom . all right ? doug yeah , okay , all right . jacey walk out of the bathroom . 21 ext . texaco station ( downtown haley ) - day ( summer 1957 ) 21 Lloyd abbott 's 1957 cadillac pull up to the pump . Lloyd be behind the wheel , Joan sit next to he , Eleanor and pamela be in the back seat . the ding - ding of the bell hose summon ... 22 int . texaco station - jacey 22 -- stick the mop he 's be use into a pail and go to answer the bell . he hesitates as he see the abbott and let another attendant wait on they . he retreat into the garage and resume mop the floor . eleanor ( o.s. ) hi. jacey find Eleanor stand in the garage doorway . eleanor congratulation . jacey for what ? eleanor I hear you get accept to Penn . jacey oh. yeah . thanks . eleanor how would you swing a ivy League school like that ? jacey my grandfather go there . I have the grade , so ... eleanor it stink in here . jacey I drop something . ( continued ) 15 . 22 continued : 22 eleanor yeah , I . jacey I just think you and Steve ... eleanor well , that 's what you think . I think Steve be ... I do not even know what I think about Steve , I never think about he . I just do thing . and let other people figure they out . that 's what parent be for . they be real good at do all the think . why should I ? ( slight beat ) Alice be go to have a baby . she and kilroy do not waste any time . he 's already talk about have another , and Alice be up - chuck every hour on the hour . she 's get morning - noon - and - night sickness . I have get the feel she will be barefoot and puke for year to come . wallpaper pattern -- that 's all she talk about . she and my mother spend hour look at wallpaper pattern book . that 's another thing I never think about ... wallpaper . ( another beat ) well , I think this be call the silent treatment . I get enough of that from my father , I do not need it from you . good luck at Penn . she start to walk away , but jacey pull she back and kiss she fiercely -- Eleanor respond with equal heat . they do not see pamela enter the garage . Pam study they for a imperturbable beat , then : pamela come on , Eleanor -- dad 's wait . 23 ext . texaco station - day ( moment later ) 23 the abbott drive away . jacey stand in the garage in the b.g. he watch the cadillac disappear into traffic . inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 16 . 24 ext . downtown haley - inside cadillac 24 -- with Lloyd behind the wheel , Joan in the front passenger seat , and Eleanor and Pam in the back seat . Lloyd say to Eleanor : lloyd stay away from he . eleanor who ? lloyd jacey . eleanor why ? lloyd because I say so . 25 omitted 25 26 ext . iron skillet restaurant - day ( two week later ) 26 a family - style restaurant in the center of town . it 's a sweltering , hot July day . heat shimmer off the sidewalk . 27 int . iron skillet restaurant - day 27 the decor be mock - Colonial . Victor and Doug ( in they bus boy uniform ) be stock a waitress station with silverware , coffee cup , and water glass . victor we should have a party out at the boathouse , man . that 's what we should do . doug sure . victor you know , invite some girl . doug right . victor get some beer , go swim . look up a few word in the dictionary . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 17 . 27 continued : 27 doug yeah , like ' boring ' or 'eunuch . ' victor eunuch ? what 's that ? doug it 's Latin for bus boy . webb crosby , the proprietor of the restaurant , step over . webb Business be a little light today , too damn hot . which one of you knuckle - head want to get off early ? doug &amp ; victor ( in unison ) I ... I do . webb ( take out a coin ) call it in the air ... 28 ext . iron skillet restaurant - day ( minute later ) 28 Doug bicycle away ( he win the coin toss ) . 29 int . holt home - kitchen - day ( short time later ) 29 Doug sail through the back door . he get a bowl out of the cupboard and fetch the ice cream scoop from a drawer . 30 int . holt home - garage - continuous action - day 30 Doug enter with the bowl and ice cream scoop in hand . he lift the lid of the freezer , reach for a carton of ice cream and something startles he . he cock he head to listen and slowly lower the freezer lid . he peer into the silvery , dim light and see jacey and Eleanor naked on a old day near the coal bin in the back of the garage . she be on top of jacey , riding he rhythmically . Eleanor be face Doug . she react without alarm or shame when she notice Doug stare at she . she coolly return he stare . Doug try , but he 's unable to avert he eye . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 18. 30 continued : 30 Eleanor only shift she gaze when distract by she orgasm , which triggers jacey 's -- as she recover she composure she say : eleanor hi , Doug . jacey bolt upright , throw she off of he , and shout : jacey get out !!! Doug drop the bowl and scoop and charge out of the garage . 31 ext . holt home - STREET - day ( second later ) 31 Doug race away from the house on he bicycle -- pump furiously and sweat profusely . 32 ext . lake - day ( short time later ) 32 Doug dive into the lake in he underpant , then surface . the water have cool he body , but not he mind . 33 omitted 33 34 int . holt home - jacey' bedroom - day ( early fall 1957 ) 34 helen assist jacey as he pack he bag in preparation for he departure to college the next day . helen oh , we forget a umbrella . jacey I will buy a new one in Philadelphia . helen and do not forget you sport coat . jacey yeah , I will go pick it up . helen take Doug with you . jacey I be just go to the cleaner . ( continued ) 19 . 34 continued : 34 helen take he along for the ride . go have a root beer at the Dog and ' sud . jacey I gotta finish pack . helen I will finish up . Doug 's go to miss you . jacey baloney . helen I think he will . jacey not much . helen oh , dammit , jacey , please -- take you brother with you . jacey yes , mar 'am . 35 ext . street of haley - day ( short time later ) 35 jacey ( behind the wheel ) and Doug drive into town in the plymouth coupe . after a long silence : jacey if Mom start have problem with the car stalling just change the fuel filter . it get clogge up when she let the gas tank get too low . doug okay . jacey and every-once -in - a- while take she to the movie so she do not just sit around the house all the time read . doug she like to read . jacey she read too much . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 20 . 35 continued : 35 doug okay , I will take she to the movie . jacey ( slight beat ) you want to go have a beer ? doug root beer ? jacey no , a beer . doug a beer beer ? jacey yeah . doug where be we gonna get beer ? jacey the bait shop . if you go in alone and nobody else be in the store , Ernie will sell you a couple of bottle . 36 ext . dirt road ( countryside ) - day 36 the plymouth be park on a dirt lane separate two cornfield . jacey sit on the fender of the car nursing on a bottle of beer . Doug urinate between two row of corn . doug remember that time I get my dick catch in my zipper ? jacey give Doug a quizzical look . doug you know , when I be in first grade . at school ? in the boy ' room ? remember I would not let Mrs. Horton help I , so she go and get Mom out of she classroom , but I would not let Mom help I either . I tell she to go get you . remember ? jacey yeah , I remember . ( continued ) 21 . 36 continued : 36 Doug retrieve he beer from the roof of the car . a semi-trailer drive past with " Midwest steel desk , Inc . -- Haley , Illinois " paint on its side . jacey we should own that company . doug what do you mean ? jacey Midwest steel desk . dad 's file cabinet drawer . Lloyd abbott screw mom out of dad 's patent after he die . doug say who ? jacey it 's true . doug Mom 's not stupid . jacey I do not say she be stupid . Lloyd 's pretty smooth . that 's why he own the company . doug he own the company ' cause he marry the boss 's daughter . jacey he own the company ' cause that patent save the company 's ass after the war , when all the war contract dry up . doug well , maybe Mom sell it ' cause we need the money . jacey what money ? we never have any money . money have nothing to do with it . doug then why do she sell the patent ? ( continued ) 22 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 jacey she just do , that 's all that matter . and that 's why we be drive this car and not that one . jacey gesture to ' 57 thunderbird convertible speed past they . he finish off he beer , then : jacey I guess you will just have to be real careful zipping up you pants while I be go . doug yeah . 37 ext . bus depot ( downtown haley ) - next day 37 helen stand on the curb wave good - bye as the Greyhound bus carry jacey away to Philadelphia depart . Doug hang back , lean against the plymouth 's fender . 38 int . high school - library - day ( spring , 1958 ) 38 Doug steal lustful look at Eleanor from behind he book . she be seat across the table from he . the library be fill with student poring over they assignment . Eleanor be seemingly oblivious to Doug 's probing eye . Doug allow he pencil to roll off the edge of the table . he duck under the table to retrieve he pencil and he ruse be reveal as he stare up Eleanor 's skirt at the soft triangle that she white panty cover between she parte leg . Eleanor 's hand lower a piece of notebook paper beneath the table , on it she have write : " hi Doug ! " Doug start with panic , rear back , crack he head on the bottom of the table , and then , as he head rebound from the blow , he accidentally impale himself in he chin with the sharp pencil . Doug scramble up from under the table with the pencil dangle from he chin , knock over he chair in the process . the tranquility of the library be destroy by the flabbergasted reaction of the student . Eleanor be momentarily concerned about he welfare , but she can not help but laugh , too . 23 . 39 ext . street of haley - later that day 39 Doug morosely slouches along the sidewalk on he way home from school . he sport a band-aid on he chin . pamela abbott pull up alongside Doug and tail he in she 1958 dodge custom Royal lancer convertible ( with the top down ) . pamela how 's you chin ? doug Drop dead . pamela you want a ride ? doug nope . pamela you can drive . doug I do not have my license yet . pamela I do not care . 40 ext . road - countryside - day 40 the convertible speed along the two -lane blacktop with Doug behind the wheel and pamela sit next to he . pamela how come you never ask I out ? doug what for ? pamela for like a date , block -head . doug I see you all the time . pamela I do not mean hang out . doug come on . pamela you scared of I or something ? ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 24 . 40 continued : 40 doug Hell , no . I gotta job , I get school , I do not have time for date and all that stuff . pamela then forget it . doug it 's not like we be ... you know ... like I be you boyfriend or ... pamela ( cut he off ) I say forget it , so forget it . 41 int . holt home - garage - later that night 41 Doug sit on the ping pong table gaze at the day as he smoke a cigarette . his reverie be break by helen 's voice call he : helen ( v.o. ) doug? dinner ...! 42 int . holt home - dine room - night 42 helen and Doug be at the dinner table . helen I wish you would not smoke in the garage , darling . doug I do not smoke in the garage . helen there 's lot of old stuff out there , I do not want anything to catch on fire . doug I do not smoke , Mom . helen well , just the same , I would prefer it if you would smoke in the backyard . doug yes , mar 'am . ( slight beat ) I gotta go , gonna be late . ( continued ) 25 . 42 continued : 42 helen late where ? he rise from the table and fidget with he napkin . doug I ... have a date , kind of . it 's Friday night , you know ? helen yes , I know . well , have fun . doug you too . Doug walk out of the dining room . 43 ext . abbott house - front door - night 43 Doug wait nervously for the doorbell to be answer . he 's wear a jacket and tie . pamela open the door and react with surprise . doug hi. pamela Jesus ... what do you want ? doug what be you do tonight ? you want to go out ? pamela I do not believe you . you be crazy . I be baby-sitting . my folk go out to dinner with Peter and Alice and I get trick into watch the baby . doug oh. where 's Eleanor ? pamela I think you come over to ask I out ? doug I do . pamela good , ' cause Eleanor be not here . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 26 . 43 continued : 43 doug can I come in ? pamela no . doug why not ? pamela because , you know , my parent be not here . doug well ... maybe some other time ... Alice 's baby start crying o.s. and pamela grimace . pamela oh , hell . okay , but just for a little while . 44 int . abbott home - den - night ( short time later ) 44 a episode of " death Valley day " with commercial for 29 mule team borax air on the deluxe console tv . Doug sit on the sofa smoking a cigarette . pamela sit at the opposite end of the sofa . pamela you be not like jacey . doug why not ? pamela he 's so ... so trig and polished . doug what 's ' trig ' mean ? pamela you know ... handsome , sexy , sophisticated . pipe-smokers . doug oh . I do not think jacey smoke a pipe . pamela well , you do not have to smoke a pipe to be trig . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 26a . 44 continued : 44 doug oh. pamela you think I be ... different than Eleanor ? doug sure . pamela like ... how ? doug like ... you be smarter . pamela yeah , real smart , that 's why I be baby -sitting and she 's out have fun . ( slight beat ) Eleanor 's smart . doug so how come she flunk biology ? ( continued ) 27 . 44 continued : 44 pamela well , you be no Albert Einstein . doug I get a three - point-two average . pamela do not mean you know my sister . doug oh yeah ? you might be surprised . pamela about what ? what ? what ? doug why be we talk about Eleanor ? pamela I do not bring she up . doug look , either you be mad at I ' cause you be mad at I -- or you be mad at I ' cause you like I . ' Cause that 's how girl act . I do not know much , but I know that . so like which be it ? pamela both . Doug exhales with bewilderment , stub out he cigarette , then awkwardly slide down the sofa to pamela . she hold perfectly still as Doug slowly move he mouth to hers and kiss she . then he conclude the kiss to check she reaction ; she timidly smile . he kiss she again with great fervor . Doug creep he hand up she blouse and massage she breast . pamela struggle to suppress she surprise , which he mistake as a sign of she approval . emboldene by she lack of resistance , he slip he hand under she bra . Pam be shocked by the pleasure of the sensation , then alarmed by the pace of they passion . pamela Doug ... Doug kiss she again and as they kiss he stare at a frame photograph of Eleanor amongst a assortment of family photo on the long table behind the sofa . it be Eleanor that he be think of -- in he mind 's eye it be Eleanor 's breast that he be fondle . pamela pull she lip from he : ( continued ) 28 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 pamela do you love I , Doug ? do you ? he kiss she with such ardor that she interpret he answer to be yes , when in reality Doug be only try to silence she . he pull he hand out of she blouse and slip it under she skirt . Pam lurch back into the sofa : pamela Jesus ... he try to kiss she again but she twist she head away . pamela stop it ... stop it ! she shove he away and jump off the sofa . Doug look at she with breathless confusion . she turn away from he and try to button she blouse , but she can not see the button for she tear . she begin to sob and run out of the room . 45 int . abbott home - entry hall and staircase - continuous 45 action pamela dash up the stair . Doug come out of the de look for she . he be quite shake : doug Pam ? hey ... ( under he breath ) oh , dammit ... he slowly mount the stair , wary of invade pamela 's privacy anymore than he already have . doug Pam ? 46 int . abbott home - second -floor hallway - continuous 46 action Doug find pamela weep in the dark hallway , still fasten the button on she blouse . doug I be sorry ... I be really sorry ... pamela I be not Eleanor ... I can not go so fast . ( continued ) 29 . 46 continued : 46 they be both seize with fright as they hear the front door OPEN below and Peter 's angry voice : peter ( o.s. ) every time we go out you have to tell that same goddamn story ! Pam push Doug down the hall away from the front stair and whisper urgently : pamela get out of here ! get out ! 47 int . abbott home - entry hall and stair - continuous 47 action Peter and Alice be take off they coat . alice accidentally brush you tooth with brylcreme be a funny story . peter will you shut up about the fuck brylcreme ! alice it come in a red-and - white tube just like a tube of pepsodent . peter do you hear I , Alice ?! shut up ! they baby begin to cry ( o.s. ) and they find pamela stand at the top of the stair . pamela the baby 's cry . 48 int . abbott home - back stairway and kitchen - night 48 ( moment later ) Doug sneak down the back stair and enter the kitchen as Lloyd and Joan enter from the garage pull off they coat . Doug duck back into the stair landing unseen . lloyd just stay out of it , Joan . joan Alice mean no harm , I think ... ( continued ) 30 . 48 continued : 48 lloyd ( cut she off ) it do not matter what you think , it 's they business . Alice be a spoiled brat , but she 's Peter 's problem now . so just take one of you pill and go watch Jack paar , see what he 's cry about tonight . 49 int . abbott home - second floor hallway - night 49 Doug stick he head out of the back stairwell and spot Peter pound on a lock bedroom door . peter I be warning you , Alice ! open the damn door ! Alice ?! dammit ! 50 int . abbott home - stairwell - doug 50 trapped in the stairwell . he hiss under he breath : doug oh , shit ! let I out of here ... he notice a small window in the stairwell . 51 ext . abbott home - window - night 51 Doug squeeze out of the small window , he leg dangle six foot above a large rise bush directly under he . 52 int . high school - corridor - day later 52 Doug make he way along the crowded corridor show a few of he wound from he emergency landing in the rise bush . he slow as he near pamela at she locker . she 's aware of he , but pretend that she be not . Doug hesitates as if he might say something to she , but lose he nerve and continue to mope along the hallway . Pam 's disappointment be plain to see . Doug do not notice Eleanor and a few of she girl friend approach in the opposite direction . as they pass he Eleanor smile brightly and say : eleanor hi , Doug ! ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 31 . 52 continued : 52 the girl giggle , " hi , Doug ! " have become a run punchline to they . Doug be so undone by they laughter that he walk into a open door . 53 ext . bus depot ( downtown haley ) - day ( summer , 1958 ) 53 jacey collect he suitcase from the bus driver . he 's become very much the ivy League man . Doug wait for he beside the plymouth across the street . as jacey start across the street a car full of young woman , include Eleanor and Sandy , honk , and stop beside he . jacey hop into the car and call out to Doug : jacey hey , Doug ! get my suitcase ! the car pull away and Doug irritably fetch jacey 's bag . 54 ext . holt home - driveway - day 54 the hood on the plymouth be propped open . Doug assist jacey as he replace the fuel filter . doug how do you know when a girl 's ... ready ? jacey what do you mean , `ready ' ? ready for what ... sex ? doug yeah . jacey they be all ready for sex . doug they be ? jacey they might not be willing but they be ready . just have to make they think you be the only one around who have what they need . doug how do you do that ? ( continued ) 32 . 54 continued : 54 jacey find out what 's make they itch and scratch it . if they be scared , be dependable . if they be bored , be exciting . if they be on the rebound , catch they . doug what if you be not very dependable or exciting , you know ? jacey pretend you be . doug you mean , it 's all just fake ? jacey the sex be real . they pretend they do not want it . you pretend that you care . everybody get what they want . doug but what if you really feel something for someone ? really care for they ? jacey I think you be talk about get laid ? doug I guess . I do not know what I be talk about . jacey no shit . 55 ext . movie theater ( downtown haley ) - night 55 the marquee read : tony curtis -- janet leigh -- " the perfect furlough " -- cinemascope -- AIR -conditioned . it 's Friday night -- a long queue have form at the box office window , mostly teenager , but some adult , too . jacey cruise past the theater in the plymouth , look for ... Eleanor . she chat with a group of friend stand in line . she see jacey , skip over , and get into the car . 33. 56 ext . texaco gas station ( downtown haley ) - night 56 Lloyd abbott open a bottle of Coke that he just purchase from the vend machine . his ( 1958 ) cadillac be be fuel at the gas pump . as he return to he car he see Eleanor and jacey drive by the station in the plymouth . 57 ext . river point park - wood ( haley ) - night 57 jacey and Eleanor be copulate on a blanket beneath a canopy of tall tree near the river . jacey be on top , Eleanor have she leg clench around he hip . eleanor come on , come on , come on ... her encouragement inspire they mutual orgasm . 58 ext . river point park - road - later that night 58 jacey and Eleanor approach the park plymouth . jacey have the blanket roll up under he arm . suddenly they be capture by a pair of headlight . Lloyd abbott climb out of he park ( 1958 ) cadillac . eleanor hi , daddy . lloyd what be you do out here ? eleanor Fucking jacey . Lloyd absorb this information without surrender he composure -- but jacey can not conceal he shock . lloyd get in the car . eleanor ( to jacey ) ' night . jacey do not respond to the kiss Eleanor give he , but when she place she hand on he crotch , he yank she hand off . Eleanor walk over and get into the car . Lloyd gaze at jacey for a beat , then get in the car and drive away . inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 34 . 59 int . holt home - dine room - next afternoon 59 Doug be at the table do homework . the doorbell ring . Doug start to get up as helen come out of the kitchen . helen I will get it . 60 int . / ext . holt front door / front yard - continuous action - 60 day helen open the screen door and find a well - dress woman stand in the yard with she face turn away . helen hello ? the woman turn -- it be Joan abbott . helen be momentarily catch off balance by Joan 's bristle presence . helen Joan . how be you ? joan May I have a word with you , helen ? helen of course , come in . joan no ... no , I do not have time ... thank you . 61 int . holt dine room and front door - continuous action 61 Doug spy on Joan and helen and they curious exchange through a dining room window . unable to hear they word he can only witness how they word be speak . 62 ext . holt home - doug's Pov 62 helen step off the porch and approach Joan , who be do most of the talk -- but Joan seem to require a certain distance from helen and work she way to she Chrysler town &amp ; country station wagon park at the curb . Joan grow more and more agitate as she talk . 63 int . holt home - entryway 63 eager to hear what be be say , Doug dash through the live room to the front door . inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 35 . 64 ext . STREET - holt home - day 64 Joan have the driver 's door to she station wagon open now . helen be on the sidewalk . her demeanor be measure , purposefully matter - of - fact . helen I do not think that 's necessary . joan well , if I be you I would talk to he and tell he ... helen ( cut she off ) no , I be sorry , Joan , I will not do that . if you have something to say to my son , then you will have to say it to he yourself . joan I just think you would like to know what he 's do . helen and why on earth should I believe anything you say , Joan ? Joan be unable to find a quick retort , she get into she station wagon and drive away . helen notice a baseball lie in the gutter , she pick it up and clean it off with she apron . as she turn to go back to the house , she find Doug stand on the porch step . without warning , she expertly pitch the baseball across the yard to Doug -- it make he hand sting when he catch it . helen walk up to the porch . helen I be go to ask you one question , Doug , and if you have no idea , or do not want to answer , just tell I . doug okay . helen be there any sense , you think , in which jacey have ... oh , I do not know , it sound ridiculous ... corrupt Eleanor abbott ? led she astray ? Doug 's mind work in several direction at once as he try to figure out how much he should or could tell she . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 36 . 64 continued : 64 doug well ... jeez ... I know that he 's ... that he 's sleep with she . but not because he 's talk about it . I mean ... Eleanor have lot of boyfriend . I think jacey like she more than she like he . helen ( long beat ) I see. ( another beat ) go finish you homework . Doug lob the baseball back to she and go inside . helen sit on the porch step and now the true toll that Joan 's visit have take on helen become apparent -- a bone - weary sadness fall over she . her " tranquility " be not borne of happiness , it be only a mean of cope with the sadness that be at the core of she be . 65 ext . countryside - road - day ( one week later ) 65 a drab , four-door chevrolet sedan with Wisconsin license plate speed away from town . incongruously , the unassume vehicle be chauffeure by a African - american driver . there be two passenger in the back seat : a conservatively - dress , middle - age woman and Eleanor abbott . there be nothing tell about Eleanor 's countenance , neither happiness nor sadness can be find on she face . 66 ext . abbott home - STREET - day ( week later ) 66 Doug walk home from summer school . he pause to watch the workmen erecting the party tent in the abbott 's front yard . pamela ( o.s. ) how come you be go to summer school ? Doug turn to find Pam at the driveway gate . doug I get a incomplete in U.S. History . pamela how do you manage to do that ? ( continued ) 37 . 66 continued : 66 doug Mrs. bate catch I draw boob on a picture of mamie eisenhower . pamela ( laugh ) why do you do thing like that ? doug I wish I know . I just can not seem to help it sometimes . pamela be you come to the party ? Doug shake he head no . pamela it 's my birthday , you know ? doug happy birthday . pamela everybody 's go to be here . doug I do not know . maybe . pamela just come , okay ? please . 67 ext . texaco station ( downtown haley ) - that night 67 Doug pull the plymouth up to the pump . he 's neatly dress in a jacket and tie . jacey come out of the office and lean in the car window . doug fill 'er up . jacey ( frown ) Nice tie . doug oh -- mind if I borrow it ? jacey put the nozzle in the car as Doug climb out . jacey I think you do not like that party at the abbott 's ? ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 38. 67 continued : 67 doug I do not . jacey then why be you go ? doug just do someone a favor . how come you be not go ? jacey I be persona non grata . doug what 's that mean ? jacey you know what it mean . doug what happen with you and Eleanor ? jacey nothing . I just outlive my usefulness , that 's all . doug how be you `useful ' to she ? jacey Christ , use you imagination . Doug have no reply to that . jacey Eleanor be just look for a way out . a way out of the whole abbott world . and it turn out that it take a lot to get away . it 's not enough that you sleep around with boy from you world , you have to fuck boy from the wrong side of the track . doug what do you mean ? like guy from Fountain Park ? jacey no , I mean I . she be fuck I . ( continued ) 39 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 doug we be not from the wrong side of the track . jacey hang up the nozzle and screw the gas cap back on . jacey I would not go to that party if I be you . doug well , you be not I . we be just as good as the abbott . Doug hand jacey a few dollar . jacey head for the office . jacey you still do not know , do you ? doug know what ? 68 int . texaco station ( downtown haley ) - office - 68 continuous action Doug follow jacey inside as he ring up the sale . doug know what ? jacey after dad die ... Mom ... have a affair with Lloyd abbott . that 's how he get dad 's patent away from she . doug I do not believe you . jacey believe it or not . I do not care . doug you be full of shit . jacey then why do not you go ask Mom ? ask she what happen -- ask she why she do not have any friend -- ask she why she 's never invite to the abbott 's -- ask she which side of the track we live on ? jacey shove the cash register drawer shut . inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 40 . 69 int . abbott home - tent - night 69 the party be well underway , it 's a young crowd tonight . the band play " fly I to the Moon . " Doug stand apart from the other . he 's ill - at -ease . his conversation with jacey resonate within he . as he look over the gather , he 's pain to discover how easy it be to see thing the way jacey do : Lloyd hold court with a group of man in tuxedo ... Joan abbott propelling a reluctant Alice towards a group of guest Alice 's age ( Alice and Peter have separate ) ... and , finally , pamela dance with a handsome young man ( ted ) . she be the belle of the ball , radiant and suddenly mature in she beautiful gown . she smile as she see Doug , excuse herself , and come over to he . pamela how long have you be here ? doug a while . pamela be you okay ? doug I be fine . have fun ? pamela yes , I be . come on , dance with I . she pull he towards the dance floor . doug you do not tell I I have to dance . pamela just one dance and we will be even . I will not have to be mad at you anymore and you will not have to be so sorry . doug what be I suppose to be so sorry about ? pamela oh , you be not sorry ? doug all right , yeah , I be sorry . pamela sorry about what ? ( continued ) 41 . 69 continued : 69 doug you always do this to I . pamela you say you be not sorry and now you say you be . so maybe I be not sure what you be sorry about ? doug I be sorry for what I be suppose to be sorry about . okay ? pamela you be sorry for feel I up ? doug ( embarrassed ) oh , shit , come on , Pam . dammit . for cry out loud . forget it . pamela I accept you apology . let 's dance . Doug allow Pam to pull he out onto the dance floor . he feel like a dolt , but she arrange he hand on she and they begin to dance . she gaze into he eye and smile : pamela hi. doug hi. Pam be in love with Doug , she have be since they be child . Doug be mellow by he tender feeling for she . for a golden minute they be in pleasurable bubble of true affinity . but they bubble begin to deflate as Doug see Joan abbott stare at they . her disapproval be unmistakable . Doug steer Pam around the dance floor to avoid Joan 's eye , but then he see Lloyd abbott . Lloyd 's stare be even more discomfort . pamela sense the change in Doug 's mood , but she be unaware of the cause . pamela be jacey home for the summer or be he just here for a visit ? the mention of he brother 's name at this exact moment send a chill down Doug 's spine . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 42. 69 continued : ( 2 ) 69 doug Home for the summer . ( slight beat ) it 's cheaper if he stay here for the summer . he can save more money for school , ' cause he do not have to pay rent . money 's tight , you know , we be sort of poor . pamela you be not poor , be you ? doug Hell -- you kid ? even with jacey work summer , my mom have to borrow against the house so he could go to Penn . I do not know where the money will come from for I to go to college . Doug see Joan abbott prompt Ted to cut in on he dance with pamela . Doug 's bitterness swell . doug I hear Alice and Peter be get a divorce . pamela they be just separate . doug what 's the difference ? pamela I do not know , you will have to ask they . doug so , where 's Eleanor tonight ? pamela Eleanor 's ... just not here . doug be she pregnant ? pamela no ! who say that ? ( continued ) 43. 69 continued : ( 3 ) 69 doug I do not know , everybody in town be say something different -- she get knock up , she run away , you old man kick she out . so , which be it ? Ted step over and tap Doug on the shoulder . doug fuck off . Ted be take aback . pamela 's eye fill with tear . pamela why do you hate I so much ? ted Excuse I , asshole , but ... Doug spin and slug Ted in the jaw -- send he reeling into the other dancer . everyone pull away from Doug and Pam . Doug massage he fist and look helplessly at pamela : doug I do not hate you . 70 int . holt home - doug be bedroom - later that night 70 the hall light be on but the bedroom be dark . Doug lie on he bed ( still dress ) . jacey appear in the doorway . jacey you asleep ? doug nope . 71 ext . holt home - garage - night ( short time later ) 71 Doug and jacey play another hard fight game of ping - pong in the garage . in the midst of a volley Doug say : doug I be gonna go to Penn like you . jacey snort with incredulous laughter . jacey you be gonna what ? ( continued ) 44 . 71 continued : 71 doug I be go to the University of Pennsylvania . I think I be go to be a architect , too . jacey like hell you be . doug why not ? maybe we can be roommate in Philadelphia ? jacey you be nut . you will never get accept to Penn . besides , Mom could not afford it anyway . doug I will get a scholarship . jacey I have a four-point - 0 grade average and I could not get a scholarship -- so , I say you get you head up you ass . jacey skillfully manipulate the volley and win the game with a savage return that Doug be unable to counter . jacey smile , put he paddle down , and walk out of the garage . Doug quickly pick up a ping - pong ball and hit it into the back of jacey 's head . jacey turn and shoot a perturb look at Doug -- Doug smile : doug ' night . 72 int . women' apparel store ( downtown haley ) - day 72 ( winter , 1958 ) helen look over the merchandise . Doug absent - mindedly trail after he mother as he study a large brochure about the University of Pennsylvania . doug what 's ' scenic design ' ? helen in what context ? doug what a minute -- it 's theatre . helen mmmm ? ( continued ) 45 . 72 continued : 72 doug ( be : brochure ) ' the Howard lambert Scholarship in Scenic Design for the theatre . ' it 's a full ride , four year . pay everything almost . Hell , I could do that . just have to figure out what scenic design be . Doug look up from the brochure and come face - to- face with a mannequin wear a bra , girdle , and stocking . he almost flinch with surprise and blushes profusely : doug I will wait for you outside , ma. 73 ext . lady apparel store ( downtown haley ) - movie 73 theater - sidewalk - day ( minute later ) it 's snow -- Doug pace to keep warm . he momentarily forget the cold as he see Pam and three of she girl friend come out of the drugstore across the street . the girl be in high spirit as they get into Pam 's car . two well - dress townswoman ( muriel and doris ) encounter helen on they way into the apparel shop as she step out onto the sidewalk . helen hello , muriel ... doris . the woman pass by helen with obvious reserve . helen be seemingly unruffled by they distant response . she observe Doug as he watch Pam and she friend drive off . helen and Doug walk up sidewalk ( towards the movie theater -- the marquee read : kim novak -- jeff chandler -- jeanne eagel ) : helen why do not you drop I off at home and take the car and go out with you friend . go have some fun . doug why do not you ? helen why do not I what ? go hang out at the Dog and ' sud ? ( continued ) 46 . 73 continued : 73 doug no , go out -- play bridge or whatever adult do for fun . helen I read for fun . doug you read too much . helen you sound like you brother . doug come on -- let 's go see a movie . 74 int . movie theater ( downtown haley ) - day 74 Doug and helen share a bag of popcorn as they wait for the feature to begin . helen come here on my very first date with Charlie . saw rosalie with Nelson eddy and ... not jeanette macdonald ... oh ... Eleanor Powell . doug do dad kiss you ? helen ( give Doug a " look " ) no. ( slight beat ) I kiss he . doug ( grin ) all right , Mom . 75 omitted 75 76 ext . high school - playing field - gymnasium - day 76 ( summer , 1959 ) the commencement exercise be be hold in the sweltering gym to accommodate the large crowd of proud parent and family member . Doug , hot and uncomfortable in he cap and gown , be seat among he fellow graduate behind the podium . the principal ( at the podium ) announce the name of the graduate as he call they forward to receive they diploma . ( continued ) 47 . 76 continued : 76 principal pamela Louise abbott ... pamela rise from she seat and take she diploma . Lloyd and Joan abbott applaud they daughter . Joan stand to take a snapshot . Alice be occupy with she restless and fussy eighteen - month - old daughter , Susan . Doug watch Pam return to she seat ; she avoid he eye . helen be all smile , this be a very special day for she . the chair next to she be empty . she glance behind she and see jacey stand in the back of the gym . jacey idly survey the gather with irritable boredom . he be only there at he mother 's insistence . his eye settle on ... Alice abbott . Alice try to quiet she crying eighteen - month - old daughter ( susan ) . Lloyd make a reprimand aside to Alice and she rise and carry Susan up the aisle . jacey 's eye follow Alice -- she notice he stare as she pass by with Susan in she arm . 77 ext . high school - parking lot - later that day 77 commencement be over -- the parking lot be a sea of car slowly negotiate through the mob of celebrate graduate , beam parent , and rambunctious sibling . as helen slip through the crowd she be pleasantly ambush by three ( second grade ) student of hers . she have a brief exchange with the child and then move on . helen find herself face - to-face with Lloyd abbott as they both attempt to pass through a narrow space between two park vehicle . they be both catch off -guard -- there be no graceful way for they to squeeze past each other . lloyd congratulation , helen . helen thank you . congratulation to you , too . where 's Pam go to school ? lloyd hmm ... Christ , I forget . ( more ) ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 48. 77 continued : 77 lloyd ( cont 'd ) bryn mawr . I should be able to remember that . it cost enough . helen she will do well there -- a very bright girl . lloyd and Doug -- he 's go to ...? helen he get a scholarship to the University of Pennsylvania -- scenic design -- theater . lloyd same school as ... helen ( fill in blank ) jacey . lloyd right . well. congratulation . helen thank you , Lloyd . they pass each other and head they separate way . they chance meeting have not go unobserve : Joan abbott have be watch they from the front seat of Lloyd 's brand - new 1959 cadillac . she pretend to repair she lipstick with she compact mirror as Lloyd slip behind the wheel . and helen find jacey frown at she . he open the door so that she can get into the plymouth ( Doug be already in the back seat ) . jacey glare at Lloyd as he walk around the car and get in behind the wheel . Lloyd flip down he sun visor ( to block jacey 's glare ) and pull out of he parking spot . 78 int . iron skillet restaurant - that night 78 a waitress walk across the busy diner to helen , jacey , and Doug at they table . helen and Doug be eat they dessert -- jacey be content to brood over he cup of coffee . the waitress put they bill on the table and step away . ( continued ) 49 . 78 continued : 78 as helen start to open she purse webb crosby appear and pick up the bill . webb it 's on the house . helen oh , webb , really -- that 's not necessary . webb how many restaurant get a ivy League busboy ? that 's worth a free meal . Charlie would be real proud of this two highbrow . helen yes , he would . he would be extremely proud . webb ( to jacey ) you take good care of you little brother in Philadelphia , you hear I ? jacey yes , sir . 79 ext . abbott home - STREET - night ( short time later ) 79 the Holt family drive home from the restaurant -- jacey drive , helen in front , and Doug in the back seat . helen what a wonderful night . what a wonderful day . my two ivy League boy . this be torture for jacey . Doug look out the window at the stripe tent in the abbott 's front yard as they pass by . a party for the " class of 1959 " be underway ( as a banner on the tent proclaim ) . the street be line with park car and busy with late - come guest . Doug check the rearview mirror for jacey 's reaction , but he brother keep he eye on the road . helen I never understand that tent . I wonder if they own it ? I be surprised they do not just leave it up all year long . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . 79 continued : 79 helen ( cont 'd ) ( slight beat ) Lloyd 's mother be a tough old bird . she sell egg . they have a place way out on Ditch Road near County line . that be age ago . poor Lloyd have to walk all that way in to school and then back everyday . Charlie use to call Lloyd ' Egg -head ' and he do not mean smart . ( another beat ) I be in the mood for ice cream . 80 ext . holt home - front porch - later that night 80 jacey and Doug sit on the porch step eat bowl of ice cream . helen rise from the porch swing and take she empty bowl inside the house . helen I think I will have one more scoop . doug ping-pong ? jacey too hot . doug you want to go out to the lake and get a couple beer ? jacey no , I do not want to go out to the ... ( exhales ) goddammit . goddammit ! look , I do not want you in Philadelphia . I do not need you around to remind everybody that I come from hicksville , U.S.A . so if you be go to go to Philadelphia , you be on you own , dip shit . I do not need you riding my coat tail . Christ -- why do not you get you own life ? stop be my fuck shadow . Doug digest jacey 's insult , then scoops a ball of ice cream out of he bowl with he spoon and fling the gooey ice cream into the side of jacey 's face . Doug rise and go to the front door . ( continued ) 51 . 80 continued : 80 doug screw you . jacey you little prick ! jacey hurl he BOWL at Doug -- it miss and shatter on the wall . doug miss I , peckerhead . as Doug open the screen door jacey dive into he -- they fall into the porch swing with such force that its chain rip out of the porch ceiling and Doug , jacey , and the swing go overboard off the end of the porch into the shrub . helen ( o.s. ) ( inside house ) doug? jacey ? what be that ? Doug and jacey scramble to they foot , they clothes be rip and dishevel . jacey you be dead , dip shit ! doug you gotta catch I first , asshole ! Doug take off with jacey in hot pursuit . a few beat later , helen step out onto the front porch and discover she son and the porch swing miss . helen jacey ? Doug ? 81 ext . holt home and STREET - night 81 jacey race up a driveway -- Doug be nowhere to be see . jacey come on , weasel dick ! come on out , you chicken shit ! a collection of garbage can explode in all direction as Doug pop up from behind they and bolt down the driveway . jacey chase after he , follow he across the street . they pay no heed to helen ( in the b.g. ) stand in they front yard , call out to they : helen Douglas Lee ! John Charles ! 52 . 82 neighborhood - holt home 82 Porch light be turn on up and down the block and the neighborhood dog begin to howl as Doug lead jacey between two house . 83 neighborhood - holt home 83 Doug jump up onto a tall wooden fence . he get halfway over when jacey leap up and grab he and the fence collapse , dump they into a back yard vegetable garden . 84 neighborhood - holt home 84 Doug and jacey wrestle and grapple in the muddy soil , cursing each other and crush the row of green crop . mrs . porter appear at she back door brandish a broom . mrs . porter git! stop that ! you two git ! she sail into combat with she broom swinging . but Doug and jacey be unwilling to give up the fight -- they be finally separate by a strong blast of water . they sputter for breath and discover that helen be hold the hose . 85 ext . mrs . porter' house - day ( next day ) 85 helen sit in a lawn chair in the back yard wear a large straw hat and read a book . Doug and jacey be repair and painting the fence . helen look up from she book : helen that board do not look straight , jacey . come on , Doug , you have be painting the same spot for the last five minute . 86 ext . holt home - garage - night 86 Doug and jacey clean they hand with turpentine . Doug pick up a ping - pong paddle and bounce the ball on it , try to see how long he can keep it bounce . jacey finish clean up , pick up a paddle , and then , without a word , Doug serve the ball and they begin to volley . 53. 87 ext . road ( countryside ) - day 87 the plymouth drive along the two -lane blacktop past the field of tall , green corn . Doug be drive , helen sit beside he . she react to something in the distance : helen be not that pamela abbott ? in the distance pamela struggle with a jack as she try to remove a flat tire on she convertible . Doug grimace as he recognize she . helen it be Pam . pull over . Doug reluctantly pull over beside Pam 's car . she 's no more pleased to see Doug than he be to see she . helen hi , Pam . do you need some help ? pamela hi , Mrs. Holt . it 's so darn hot the stupid jack just keep sink into the pavement . helen well , maybe Doug can give you a hand ? Doug frown and slowly climb out of the plymouth . doug where 's the thing that go on the bottom of the jack ? pamela what thing ? doug the thing , the base that the jack fit into ? ( find it in she open trunk ) this . pamela oh , I think that be just the ' spare- tire- holder - on - er . ' doug read you manual . pamela would slug he if he mother be not present . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 54 . 87 continued : 87 Doug release the load on the jack and strain to extract it from the molten pavement . helen Pam , would you mind run Doug home ? I would like to get to the bank before they close . doug ( protest ) Mom ... pamela sure , Mrs. Holt , I will drive he home . thanks for stop . helen of course . bye-bye . helen slide over behind the wheel and drive away . Doug fume silently while he reassemble the jack . 88 int . iron skillet restaurant - day 88 jacey sit at the counter at the rear of the busy diner sip a iced tea . he see Alice abbott enter -- she pull a dollar bill out of she purse as she approach the cash register near the front door . she call out to a waitress who be fetching a order from the grill . alice Excuse I -- could I get change for a dollar ? the waitress be too distract to take notice of Alice and Alice herself do not notice jacey as he step up behind she . jacey can I help you ? alice yes , I need change for ... ( turn to he ) oh ... you do not work here , do you ? jacey no . I be just think about you . I be go to call you tonight . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 55 . 88 continued : 88 alice ( rattle ) what ? why ? jacey there 's a picnic out at River Point on Sunday -- I want to invite you . alice I could not . jacey bring Susan , kid love picnic . alice ( be : the dollar bill ) I need change for the parking meter . jacey here . jacey open he palm and reveal the correct change . Alice nervously exchange the dollar bill for the coin . alice oh , thanks . jacey do you have time for a ice tea ? alice my mother 's wait by the car so I will not get a ticket . jacey maybe she would like a ice tea , too ? alice no . jacey no harm ask . alice no . do not do that . jacey why not ? alice you know why . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 56 . 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 jacey then I will make you a deal . alice I just come in to get some change . jacey come to the picnic on Sunday and I will wait here and let you leave first , so you mother will not see I . alice I do not care if my mother see you . jacey ( head for the door ) then you will not care if I ask she if she would like to join we for a ice tea ? alice no! wait . jacey turn to she . alice I do not know if I can . I will try . it just depend . Alice go out the door -- as she pass by jacey he say : jacey Sunday . River Point . around noon . jacey watch through the window as Alice return to the town &amp ; country station wagon and put a few coin into the meter . Joan wait impatiently beside the car with Susan in hand . as the abbott woman walk down the sidewalk ( away from the diner ) , Alice glance back and see jacey smile at she from the diner window . 89 ext . road ( countryside ) - day 89 pamela sit behind the wheel of she convertible listen to PAT boone sing " April Love " on the car radio . Doug drip with sweat as he tighten the lug on the spare tire . pamela climb out and inspect he progress . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 56A . 89 continued : ( A1 ) 89 pamela you think you will finish sometime today ? I be get sun stroke . doug put the top up . pamela stop act like jacey . what make you think you be so ... cool ? doug because -- I know all the answer on ' the $ 64,000 question , ' because I have x-ray vision and I can sing better than Pat boone . and because I be really a negro , but do not tell anyone around here , ' cause you know what would happen to I . pamela God , I can not even talk to you . she start to get back into the car , then turn to he : ( continued ) 57 . 89 continued : 89 pamela name one bad thing I have ever do to you . doug why ? pamela go on , name one bad thing . doug what 's the point ? pamela you tell I , because I do not get it ! look , I be not rich , my father be . and I do not pick my father . and if I have a choice between have ton of money or have another father , I would be absolutely delighted to be poor ! but unfortunately life be not a cafeteria ! doug life be not a cafeteria ? pamela you know what I mean ! doug shit , I be suppose to feel sorry for you ' cause you be rich ? pamela well , be I suppose to feel sorry for you ' cause you be so poor ? doug no . pamela so then just stop it ! doug stop what ?! pamela stop treat I like a abbott ! doug well , how be I suppose to treat you ? ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 58. 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 pamela like you use to . like just plain Pam . Doug exhales as if he 's wind up to apologize . pamela and you do not have to say you be sorry , and you do not have to look like somebody just run over you dog . you just make I want to scream sometimes . Doug stare at she as if he 's never see she before . pamela what be you look at ? doug you . 90 ext . river point park - day ( following sunday ) 90 jacey lounge on top of a blanket beside a cooler . alice ( o.s. ) where be everyone ? jacey sit up and find Alice stand behind he . she carry a picnic basket . other than a few child skip rock into the river they be alone . jacey we be everyone . alice but you say ... jacey ( overlap ) no , I do not . I just say a picnic . I do not say if anyone else be come . Alice walk away . jacey jump up and run after she . jacey where be you go ? alice I be sorry ... I think ... ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 59 . 90 continued : 90 jacey ( block she way ) you do not come here to see everybody else . you come here to see I . do not you ? that 's why you do not bring Susan along . alice I be marry . jacey I think you be get a divorce ? alice I be , but it 's not final yet . besides , I be two year older than you . jacey good , if the cop come around we will tell them you buy the beer in the cooler . 91 ext . riverpoint park - another part of park - 91 later that day jacey and Alice wander along a path on the riverbank . alice I know he would hit I . Peter 's a real hot-head . I know if he hit I hard enough , hurt I enough , that even my father would not stand for it . then one night I put too much soap in the wash machine and it overflow . that do it . he punch I . break my front tooth . jacey bastard . alice so ... what do you hear from Eleanor ? jacey I do not . do you ? alice no . do you love she ? ( continued ) 60 . 91 continued : 91 jacey we be not in love , we be in heat . Alice blushes . jacey do you love Peter ? alice no . jacey then why do you marry he ? alice because ... 92 ext . riverpoint park - road - later that day 92 jacey hold open the driver 's door as Alice climb in behind the wheel ( of she mother 's town &amp ; country station wagon ) . he close the door . jacey which tooth be it ? she point to a front tooth . he lean over to look at it . alice this one . I have it cap . you can not really tell , can you ? jacey no . it 's a beautiful mouth . alice be you go to kiss I ? jacey I do not want to scare you . alice I can not see you again , jacey . jacey sure you can . there be way . alice oh , God ... why you ? why be I tell all this thing to you ? ( continued ) 61 . 92 continued : 92 jacey because there 's no one else you can tell they to . because I be the only person you know who will admit to you face that you father 's a bag of shit . the biggest bag of shit in this town . ( slight beat ) better head home . should not be go too long . Alice drive away . jacey smile -- he 's win . 93 ext . road ( outside haley ) - day ( short time later ) 93 the plymouth cruise back toward town . jacey drink a bottle of beer and happily contemplate the possibility of a relationship with Alice . he approach a billboard that read : " midwest steel desk , inc . -- welcome you to Haley , Illinois . " jacey drain the last of the beer and hurl the empty bottle at the billboard as he drive past it . 94 ext . abandoned farmhouse - day ( week later - 94 late afternoon ) Pam 's convertible be park in a weed - choke yard . Pam and Doug hurl rock at the window , try to break what be leave of the shattered window on the weather - beat , two -story farmhouse . pamela who do you look like more , you father or you mother ? doug Hell , I do not know . pamela well , what do you father look like ? doug like a photograph . I never know he . he die like a month before I be even bear . jacey probably look more like he than I do . jacey 's name after he . that 's how he get to be call ' jacey , ' after he initial , John Charles , j.c . ( continued ) 62 . 94 continued : 94 pamela he die in a car wreck , right ? doug you never hear about that ? pamela about what ? doug well , it be sort of a car wreck . he drown , or froze to death , or both , I do not know . he be try to drive out to mud Island . pamela mud Island 's in the middle of the lake . doug it be winter time , the lake be froze over . pamela Jesus , that 's pretty stupid . ( catch herself ) sorry . doug it 's all right , it be stupid . Real stupid . he do it on a bet . he bet someone twenty buck that he could do it . he make it all the way out there , too . he go through the ice on he way back . 95 ext . abandoned farmhouse - roof - sunset 95 Doug and pamela sit on the ridge of the farmhouse roof ( they climb out of a dormer window from the attic ) . doug I think my dad be like jacey be . some guy be just dare - devil . I bet jacey once that he could not do a back - flip off the garage roof into a big pile of leave . and he do it . pamela ( slight beat ) one time Eleanor and I snuck out and walk around the yard naked . ( continued ) 63. 95 continued : 95 doug you do ? pamela yeah . it be sort of a dare , too . she dare I , I dare she , so we both do it . doug be this day or night ? pamela night . doug be there a full moon ? pamela I do not remember . doug you walk around the yard or do you like run from tree to tree ? pamela we just walk around the yard . doug Front yard or back yard ? pamela back yard . doug oh. pamela do it matter ? doug yeah . back yard nudity be hypocritical . it 's insincere . people should do and say exactly what they feel or think and not try to hide thing . pamela okay . doug okay . they conversation be stifle by this new standard of absolute honesty . ( continued ) 64 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 the sunset provide a convenient excuse for they silence . but then Pam realize he be stare at she . doug hi. pamela hi. doug you look pretty . pamela really ? doug yup . pamela take he hand , gently unfold it , and with she index finger she write on he palm , " I love you . " telling he take all the nerve she could muster , she have not the stamina for a disappoint response -- she place she finger on he lip to silence he . Doug lean over and kiss she , sweetly and tenderly , and for a long time . they will always remember this kiss . 96 ext . movie theatre ( downtown haley ) - night 96 the marquee read : " frank sinatra -- edw . G. robinson -- 'a hole in the head ' -- cinemascope -- AIR conditioned . " Alice abbott busy a ticket at the box office . 97 int . movie theatre - night ( minute later ) 97 the movie have already begin . Alice enter the sparsely people theatre and pause to allow she eye to adjust to the darkness . a hand reach out and take she hand -- it be jacey . he 's seat beside the door . he rise and lead she across the row of empty seat to the exit . 98 int . movie theatre - balcony - night ( moment later ) 98 jacey guide Alice to two seat deep in the shadow of the otherwise unoccupy balcony . they gaze at the screen for a few moment , then he move he mouth to she ear and nibble on she lobe . she turn she lip to he and they kiss passionately . jacey slide he hand under she skirt . Alice press herself against he hand and whisper : ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 65/66 . 98 continued : 98 alice do not tell ... do not tell anyone what we be do ... do not tell anyone ... no one can know , jacey ... no one ... 99 int . texaco station ( downtown haley ) - night 99 ( week later ) the station be close and lock up for the night . jacey and Alice be naked in the back seat of a car park inside the dark service bay . it be a hot and humid night . they be slippery with sweat . jacey marry I . alice impossible ... jacey nothing 's impossible ... 100 omitted 100 through through b102 b102 c102 ext . bus depot ( haley ) - day c102 helen lean out a bus window and call to Doug , who be perch on the front fender of the plymouth , which be park nearby with jacey behind the wheel . helen do not forget to water my tomato ! doug okay , Mom , okay . the bus pull away . Doug wave as the bus go down the street -- then he leap with surprise as a impatient jacey lean on the car horn . 67 . 102 int . holt home - live room - night ( week later ) 102 Doug and pamela lounge on opposite end of the sofa with he bare foot press against hers in a gentle shove match . they be watch a episode of " Sea hunt " on the television . pamela how long be you mom go ? doug two week . she go up every summer to see this friend she go to college with . pamela Eleanor life in Chicago . doug she do ? pamela yeah . she 's go to stewardess school . doug what do they teach you at stewardess school ? pamela I do not know . how to wiggle you bottom . doug maybe you should go there instead of bryn mawr ? she push harder against he foot and she foot slip off he and clobber he in the crotch . he moan and sit up . doug oww ! damn ! pamela sorry . doug watch it . pamela it be a accident . do not be crabby . she pull he down on top of she . she kiss the tip of he nose then blow he bang off he forehead . ( continued ) 68 . 102 continued : 102 doug you want to ... go upstairs ? pamela no. doug I just think maybe you be tired of just kissing ? pamela I be not tired of kissing . be you ? doug no , but touch be nice . pamela we be touch . doug I just ... you know ... would like to see what you look like without any clothes on . pamela Doug ! doug be not you curious ? pamela no , I know what I look like without any clothes on -- I look naked . doug can I touch you breast ? pamela Jesus . doug just on the outside ? pamela no . you can kiss I . I like lip . doug you like lip ? ( continued ) 69 . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 pamela I like you lip , block -head . I like be here like this . but I be not take my clothes off , ' cause if we do that , you know what we will do . and I be too ... I do not want to be like my sister . not if I can help it . they kiss but be almost instantly interrupt by the slam of the screen door . Doug look up and do a surprised take as he see Alice go up the stair follow by jacey . doug shit ... pamela who be it ? doug my brother . he just go upstairs with you sister . pamela with Eleanor ? doug Alice . 103 ext . holt home - STREET - night 103 pamela rush out of the house with she shoe in she hand . Doug chase after she in he bare foot . doug hey ... hold up ! pamela why do not you tell I ? doug Hell , I do not know . what do this get to do with we ? pamela my God ... what be she do ? doug why be it okay for you to sneak around with I , but it 's not all right for Alice to sneak around with jacey ? ( continued ) 70 . 103 continued : 103 pamela because I be not Alice ! and you be not jacey ! Alice be ... be like my mom , they both get hurt so easy , they be like turtles without shell . doug come on , take it easy . pamela you do not know my father . you do not know how he be about jacey . he blame he for everything that happen with Eleanor . doug Eleanor fool around with lot of guy , it 's not jacey 's fault you dad kick she out . pamela oh , Jesus ! he do not kick she out , he put she in a nut house ! he ship she off to this clinic in Wisconsin . doug ( take aback ) but ... I think you say she 's in Chicago ? pamela she be now . they let she out a month ago . doug oh , shit . pamela yeah . shit . 104 ext . abbott home - STREET - later that night 104 the plymouth approach -- jacey turn off the headlight and kill the motor and coast to a stop in front of the house next door to the abbott ' . Alice get out of the car , jacey hurry after she , follow she into she front yard . jacey Alice ... wait ! ( continued ) 71 . 104 continued : 104 alice go away . jacey it 's the truth , you know it be . alice no , no , it 's all just ... screwing . jacey it 's call make love . alice do not . jacey do not what ? alice do not follow I . he grab she arm and stop she . jacey what 's wrong ? alice I spend all day , every day , just wait and wait to be with you , wait to forget everything , you make I forget ... but then when I get dress and I come home , you ... just ... leak out of I . leak away . I go into the bathroom and I wash you off of I and I remember everything . jacey remember what ? lloyd ( o.s. ) Alice ?! be that you ? Lloyd 's voice paralyze they . lloyd ( o.s. ) Alice ? Alice step out of the shadow and find Lloyd stand at the front door . alice yes , daddy ... ( continued ) 72 . 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 lloyd who be you talk to ? pamela ( o.s. ) she 's talk to I , daddy . pamela rise from a wringht iron bench in another part of the yard -- she stroll over to Alice . pamela just girl talk . lloyd you can talk inside . it 's late . pamela and Alice go inside the house . jacey exhales , he be ashen . 105 ext . iron skillet restaurant - next day 105 Doug hose down the sidewalk in front of the restaurant . pamela pull up in she car and get out . doug hi. pamela hi. doug what 's up ? pamela I have be think -- maybe we should not see each other right now . doug oh , yeah ? why ? pamela well ... if my father ... I do not really care what would happen to I if he find out I be see you , but I have to take care of Alice and my mother and Eleanor , and ... well , it would be hard for I to do that if I be in the doghouse , too . you know ? doug Christ , why do you have to take care of they ? ( continued ) 73. 105 continued : 105 pamela ( shrug ) no one else will . he struggle to hold he anger and frustration in check . doug okay . sure . see you around . Pam 's composure begin to weaken , but she quickly return to the car before she can lose control . Doug turn the hose back on . he do not look up as she drive away . 106 int . holt home - kitchen - day ( two week later ) 106 helen rinse off some just - pick vegetable . she turn off the faucet , then pause in reaction to something . 107 int . / ext . holt home - stair / front porch - day 107 helen approach the foot of the stair drying she hand with a dish towel . she listen for a beat , then step out on the front porch . Doug be brush a coat of green enamel on the repair porch swing . helen who 's upstairs with jacey ? doug Alice abbott . helen ( long beat ) how long be she likely to stay ? doug I do not know , but I would not hold up dinner . 108 int . holt home - kitchen - night ( early evening ) 108 Doug rinse the dirty dinner dish in the sink . 109 int . holt home - dine room - night 109 helen hear the screen door slam as she fetch a clean tablecloth from the buffet . she put the tablecloth on the table , start for the kitchen , then hesitates . 74 . 110 ext . holt home - front porch - night 110 jacey stand on the porch watch the taillight of Alice 's car disappear into the night . helen appear behind the screen door . helen do you want dinner ? jacey no , thanks . helen do not sit on the swing -- Doug just paint it . jacey I know . ( slight beat ) I have to bring she here today . she could not see I tonight and there be nowhere else we could go . helen I can appreciate that , jacey , but ... jacey I love she , mother . I be go to marry she . helen do she parent know about this ? jacey of course not . helen do not you think they should ? jacey I do not give a damn about they . helen do Alice feel the same as you do ? jacey she love I . helen have she agree to marry you ? ( continued ) 75 . 110 continued : 110 jacey she will . she need time . she 's frighten . it 's not easy for she . helen how do hide it from she family make it any easier ? jacey we do not have any choice . helen Alice be a grow woman , she 's a mother with a child of she own ; if she really love you then she should ... jacey ( cut she off ) all that matter be that I get she away from they before they find out . helen I can not be a party to that , jacey . jacey I do not need you help . I be not ask for it . helen ( slight beat ) you will have to find somewhere else to take Alice -- I can not have you bring she here again . I be sorry . she step away from the screen door . 111 int . abbott home - entry hall and staircase - night 111 Alice come in the front door and go up the stair . joan ( o.s. ) Alice ? where have you be ? susie cut she finger on the piano pedal . they be as sharp as razor blade ... Joan step into the entry hall . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 76 . 111 continued : 111 joan Alice ? do you hear I ? Susan cut she finger on the piano pedal . Alice disappear at the top of the stair . 112 int . holt home - entryway - late that night 112 it be almost two o'clock in the morning . helen have doze off in she chair with a book on she lap . she be startle awake by a loud banging at the front door . helen hurry to the door and open it . pamela be on the porch . she be out of breath and very distraught . her car be park in the middle of the street with its light on and motor running . helen pamela , be you all right ? pamela I need to talk to ... jacey come down the stair , pull on he bathrobe . Doug appear on the stair behind he . jacey what 's wrong ? pamela Alice take some pill , some of my mother 's pill ... jacey oh , Jesus , no ... pamela she 's all right , we take she to the hospital ... jacey I will get dress ... pamela no ! jacey I have to see she . pamela no . that 's why she send I , she do not want you to come , she be afraid you would if you hear from someone else . she 's all right . ( more ) ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 77 . 112 continued : 112 pamela ( cont 'd ) they just want she to rest tonight , they say they might let she come home in a day or two . she just need to rest . I have get to go , I be suppose to be on my way home from the hospital . jacey but I have to see she . pamela dammit , no ! I be warning you , just wait ! I will let you know just as soon as she can see you . please , do not make thing worse . do not . 113 ext . holt home 113 pamela dash back to she car . 112 continued : 112 as jacey walk down the remainder of the stair and watch pamela speed away . jacey Jesus ... helen close the front door and turn to say something to jacey , but he cut she off : jacey leave I alone , just leave I alone . helen climb the stair , collect Doug at the top landing , and lead he away . jacey punch he fist through a glass pane of the sheer - curtain sidelight beside the front door . 114 ext . holt home - STREET - yard - day ( five day later ) 114 Doug be mow the front lawn . 115 int . holt home - jacey' bedroom - day 115 the drone of the lawn mower accompany jacey 's pace . his face be haggard and unshaven . he glance out the window and see something that send he bolt out of he bedroom . inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 78. 116 ext . holt home - STREET - front yard - day ( moment 116 later ) Pam 's convertible barely come to a halt at the curb before jacey come charge out of the house to Pam . Doug be occupy with the lawn mower ; he do not notice Pam and jacey at first . ( jacey and Pam have to speak over the din of the lawn mower . ) jacey how be she ? pamela she 's all right . jacey can I see she ? pamela at the boathouse -- at the lake . jacey turn and dash up the driveway . Doug watch jacey jump into the plymouth and speed down the driveway and then up the street . Doug shut off the lawn mower and walk over to Pam . doug what 's go on ? she look at Doug with tear in she eye . pamela I have to ... for Alice 's sake . doug ( puzzle ) have to what ? what ? pamela tell jacey I be sorry . Pam drive away . 117 ext . boathouse ( lake ) - day 117 the plymouth skid to a stop behind the abbott 's town &amp ; country station wagon . jacey jump out of he car and rush into the boathouse . 118 int . boathouse - day 118 jacey discover Lloyd abbott wait for he . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 79 . 118 continued : 118 lloyd I have plan for my daughter , Mr. Holt , and they do not include you . I know you . I know you better than you know I . I know all there be to know about screwing you way into a wealthy family . I will never let you screw you way into mine . jacey where be she ? where 's Alice ? jacey turn and rush out of the boathouse . 119 ext . boathouse - plymouth - day 119 jacey hop into the plymouth and peel out as he speed away . Lloyd abbott step out of the boathouse and approach the station wagon . 120 ext . plymouth ( street of haley ) - day 120 jacey speed recklessly back into town . 121 ext . abbott home - driveway - day ( minute later ) 121 jacey skid into the driveway and leap out of the car . 122 int . abbott home - entry hall and stair - day 122 jacey burst through the front door and cry out . jacey Alice ! Alice ! Joan abbott rush into the entry hall . joan dear God ! jacey where be she ?! Alice ! Alice ! joan who do you think you be ? jacey dammit , where be she ?! ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 80 . 122 continued : 122 joan get out ! jacey Alice ! joan get out of here ! jacey Alice ! Lloyd abbott step in the front door and drop he car key into the silver bowl on the hall table . lloyd call the police , Joan . Joan hurry away . jacey you son-of - a-bitch ! where be she ?! lloyd behind you , Mr. Holt ... jacey turn and see Alice stand at the top of the stair . she be pale and draw and wear a bathrobe . jacey come with I . please , Alice , just come with I now , right now . alice I tell you ... I can not ... she walk out of view . Lloyd step up behind jacey and say softly but with pierce intensity : lloyd now , get out of here , you runt stud . and keep you poor- boy dick out of my daughter . jacey turn and stare at Lloyd -- then brushes past he on he way out the door . 123 int . holt home - jacey' bedroom - later that day 123 jacey haphazardly pack he suitcase . his emotion have be spend . helen stand in the doorway . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 81. 123 continued : 123 helen why spend all night and half the day tomorrow wait in Chicago for the Philadelphia bus ? why not just wait and take the morning bus to Chicago ? jacey because ... the sooner I get out of this fuck town the better . helen ( slight beat ; stung ) suit yourself . 124 omitted 124 125 ext . / int . road / bus ( outside haley ) - evening ( magic 125 hourshort time later ) jacey do not look out the window as the bus ( on its way out of town ) drive past the illuminate billboard that read : " midwest steel desk , inc . -- welcome you to Haley , Illinois . " 126 int . holt home - dine room - later that night 126 Doug and helen sit across from each other , neither one have much of a appetite . they eat in silence for a few moment , then : doug dammit ... why can not he just leave they alone ? helen who ? doug the abbott . I do not know why ... why could not he just forget them ? just pretend they do not even exist ? helen if the abbott do not exist , jacey would have have to invent they , one way or another . there be no end of abbott in the world , if that 's what you need . ( more ) ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 82. 126 continued : 126 helen ( cont 'd ) and he just need that somehow . well , actually , I know how . she rise and pick up she plate . 127 int . holt home - kitchen - continuous action - night 127 helen carry she plate to the sink . Doug follow she in . doug what do you mean , how do you know ? she sit at the kitchen table and sigh as if come around to some central , hard truth . helen I be just a wreck when Charlie die . ( more ) ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 83. 127 continued : 127 helen ( cont 'd ) jacey be almost two and I be eight month pregnant with you and ... well , some morning I would be cry before I even wake up . then you be bear . and jacey just get lose in there . I do not have anything for he . mother take he over . he would cry or call for I , and then I would hear mother answer he , and I would go back to sleep . ( sigh bitterly ) I should have take we away from here , go somewhere else . doug why ? helen after Charlie die Lloyd abbott start drop by on he way home from work . he feel so bad about that bet Charlie make with he at the lake . that foolish , idiotic bet . poor Lloyd -- I feel sorry for he . he would have a cup of coffee with mother and I . if a doorknob have come off he would fix it . he would carry the garbage can to the curb . someone die , people try to be helpful . but he be by here so often that people start to talk . it be fairly obvious that he want something more from I than just a cup of coffee . I suggest that he do not need to stop by here so often , but ... then one afternoon I be at woolworth 's , have lunch at the counter . all of sudden Joan abbott be stand there -- scream and yell at I to stop sleep with she husband , with Lloyd . I be speechless . she be go before I could find my tongue . doug ( stunne ; almost ill ) Christ ... ( continued ) 84 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 helen I go to see Joan , I try to talk to she , to put she mind at ease , but ... doug dammit , why do not Lloyd tell she that nothing have happen ? helen I be sure he do , but man always say that , darling . besides , Lloyd be always have affair . he 's that type of man . doug ahhh , Jesus ... but why ? why do everyone in town believe Joan abbott ? helen because she 's Joan abbott . if you cross Joan you do not get invite to she party -- and the abbott have the best party in town . the only party . doug I hate this town . I hate the abbott . he slap the back of a chair and knock it over . helen I be sorry , Doug , I should not have tell you . doug I already know . helen people still talk about it ? doug no , I have never hear anyone talk about it . not to I . helen then how do ...? doug jacey . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 85 . 127 continued : ( 3 ) 127 helen oh , Lord ... he know too ? doug yeah . but he think it really happen . helen be overcome with tear . Doug stare at she helplessly . he 's never see he mother weep before . 128 omitted 128 &amp ; &amp ; 129 129 130 ext . countryside road - day 130 the bus cruise along the two -lane blacktop . Doug stare out the window . a131 ext . philadelphia STREET - night ( early fall 1959 ) a131 partygoer enter building . 131 int . jacey' apartment 131 a vintage , third - floor , railroad flat -- sparsely furnish and neat as a pin . jacey be host a party . a tony bennett record ( " when somebody break you heart " ) play on the hi-fi . the apartment be elbow - to - elbow with Penn man and attractive coed from radcliffe , mt. hollyoke , and byrn mawr . Doug sit in the middle of the sofa wedge between two coed have separate , but equally animated conversation with two of jacey 's classmate ( who be perch on the arm of the sofa ) . Doug wear a jacket and tie but he knack at look out of place be intact . jacey be apart from the other woo a gorgeous CO - ed in a tight cashmere sweater . jacey airplane , bridge , skyscraper , bras , all utilize the same fundamentals of structural design ... with he finger he trace the back strap of she bra beneath she sweater ... ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 86 . 131 continued : 131 jacey a stable foundation that resist compression ... his finger trail the shoulder strap of she bra ... jacey carefully calculate suspension ... he draw he fingertip around the outside of she breast to the lower front of she bra ... jacey and cantilever element to provide support . the co-e be bother but none- the-less bewitch . CO - ed ahh ... you know , I be engage . jacey so be i. CO - ed ( shocked ) you be ? jacey I be engage in conversation with you . jacey smile and then kiss she . Doug be spying on they from the safety of the crowd . jacey wink at Doug . Doug shake he head in wonder . 132 ext . campus - sidewalk ( university of pennsylvania , 132 philadelphia ) - day ( month laterlate fall , 1959 ) Doug walk along the sidewalk towards the entrance of the theater carry some roll - up plan under he arm . he react as he see : doug hey ! hey ! Pam ! pamela abbott walk across the quad . Pam be 19 year old now , she beauty in full bloom . Doug jog over to she . doug hi. ( continued ) 87 . 132 continued : 132 pamela hi. doug what be you up to ? pamela I come down to use the library sometimes or go shopping . doug how 's bryn mawr ? pamela very ... bryn . I get to catch the bus back . doug just have to drop off this set design -- you want to go get something to eat ? pamela I can not . sorry . doug why not ? it 's be a long time . pamela you seem taller . doug ( be : she figure ) and you seem ... not so plain . ( slight beat ) so , dinner , okay ? pamela I can not . I have to go to this party . doug what party ? the traffic light change and the other pedestrian cross the street . pamela just a party I get roped into go . maybe some other time , okay ? I mean it , really . doug just call -- I be at reed Hall . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 88. 132 continued : 132 pamela okay . bye . doug bye . Doug watch she cross the street . 133 int . reed hall - doug be dorm room - that night 133 Doug be revise a set design -- deeply concentrate on he task . he 's startle by a knock on the door . male student ( o.s. ) hey , Holt ! you get a visitor downstairs ! 134 int . reed hall - lobby - night ( minute later ) 134 Doug come down the wide stair with a puzzle look on he face . he stop at the front desk and the student clerk point to another part of the lobby . Doug walk across the cavernous lobby and find pamela abbott slump in a chair . doug do you miss the bus ? Pam laugh and Doug suddenly realize : doug damn , you be drunk . awww , man ... I better get you out of here before the puritans tar - and - feather you . can you walk ? Pam awkwardly rise and Doug guide she to the door . doug listen to I -- go out the front door , turn right , go around to the side of the building and wait for I by the fire escape . okay ? just wait . 135 ext . reed hall - FIRE escape - night ( minute later ) 135 pamela lean against the side of the building as the fire escape ladder descend to the pavement . Doug climb down . ( continued ) 89 . 135 continued : 135 doug come on -- up we go . Pam ? Pam keel over and vomit . 136 int . reed hall - doug be dorm room - night 136 Pam sit on the bed as Doug pull she stain turtleneck sweater off over she head ( she 's wear a bra ) . doug what be you drink , sterno ? pamela I be cold ... doug hold on , we get to get you pants too . can you stand up . ( as she collapse on the bed ) ) no , you can not stand up . all right . he undoe the waist of she pants and tug on she pant leg , but she panty start to slide off along with she pants . doug nope , nope , let 's keep the panty on , okay ? Pam ? can you hold on to you underpant ? ( she 's out ) I will hold on to you underpant . he hold she panty in place while he struggle to get she pants over she hip . 137 int . reed hall - restroom - night 137 Doug rinse out Pam 's clothes in a sink . 138 int . reed hall - doug be dorm room - night 138 Pam 's wet clothes have be drape over the radiator . Pam be pass out , tuck in under the cover . Doug sit on the edge of the bed gently clean she face with a damp washcloth . 90 . 139 int . doug be dorm room - next morning 139 Doug stir from he sleep spot on the floor ( he sleep with he clothes on ) . he notice that Pam 's clothes have be remove from the radiator . he sit up and find that the bed be empty . she 's go . 140 ext . bryn mawr - dormitory - two day later 140 pamela approach she dorm carry a armload of book . she start up the step then stop when she see Doug . doug you be welcome . pamela I be sorry , Doug . doug shit . that 's it ? you be sorry ? pamela ( suddenly alarmed ) oh Jesus ... do we ? doug oh - jesus-did - we what ? pamela do we ... do it ? doug what do you think ? pamela I ... do not ... remember ... doug goddammit . well , I know you might find this hard to believe , but I do not sleep with drunk . he walk away . she call after he . pamela Doug ? hey ! 141 int . / ext . doug's dorm room / FIRE escape - that night 141 Doug lounge on he bed read a textbook . it be raining outside . he be startle by a tapping on the windowpane . pamela be outside on the fire escape . he ignore she . ( continued ) 91 . 141 continued : 141 pamela Doug ! open the window ! come on , I be freezing . Doug ...! he get out of bed , unlatch the window , then return to the bed and he book . pamela open the window ( with difficulty ) and climb in . she drape she wet coat over the radiator and sit in the desk chair . doug if you feel like you be gonna puke use the wastebasket there . pamela I be sorry . I be so sorry . I be embarrassed . I do not know where I be when I wake up . I feel like I be die , so , I just ... I be go to call you . Doug do not respond -- he turn the page of he book . pamela I do not know ... I be blotto . I mean , I be so happy to see you . then I just get sad . I get sad . and stupid . it happen , you know ? Doug snap he book shut . doug you want to hear something stupid ? pamela what ? doug when I be clean you up , wiping the puke off you face , I suddenly realize how much I miss you -- how much I love you . how 's that for stupid ? Pam be stung by he flippancy , she begin to cry . doug what be you cry for ? pamela I love you . but it 's too late . doug why ? ( continued ) 92 . 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 pamela everything 's too screw up . Doug kneel in front of she and anxiously try to console she . doug no , no , it 's not too late . it 's perfect timing . we be on we own now . no jacey and Eleanor or jacey and Alice . that 's what stink about be the youngest , we have to sweep up after everybody else . but now it 's just we . it 's we turn . pamela how can you be in love with I ? doug how can you be in love with I ? pamela ' Cause I have always have be . you ... block -head . he kiss she , then he gaze at she and stroke she hair . doug hi. pamela hi. doug you want to see something ? pamela what ? doug come on . 142 ext . theater - sidewalk ( university of pennsylvania , 142 philadelphia ) - night Doug and Pam hurry along the rain -swept sidewalk towards the theater . 143 int . theater - night ( moment later ) 143 the large theater be dark except for a single work light stand on the bare stage . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 93. 143 continued : 143 Doug lead Pam by the hand down the aisle from the lobby . pamela what be we do here ? doug I want to show you something . he escort she up a short flight of step and position she center stage near the footlight . doug just stand right there . he take the work light with he as he walk off stage . then with a metallic clank everything go dark . pamela ( alarmed ) Doug ! doug ( o.s. ) it 's all right -- do not move ! stay put . there 's the rumble and squeak of a piece of scenery be roll onto stage -- then the swoosh of a backdrop be lower from the fly loft . doug ( o.s. ) almost , almost ... hold on . we hear Doug running somewhere backstage then a beautiful sunset slowly illuminate the stage -- create the perfect mood for the modestly scale stylize set that Doug have put into place : it be the roof of a weathered farmhouse with a dormer window and a tall brick chimney . Doug step on stage , he 's a bit wind from he quick - change routine . pamela oh , Doug , it 's beautiful . doug the senior act class do scene from different play , they invite everybody , it 's a real big deal . so , there 's this competition among all the theater design student to do the set . and -- anyway -- I be the one whose design get pick . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 94 . 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 pamela what scene be it for ? what play ? doug ( a tad embarrassed ) umm ... Romeo and juliet . it 's something different , I think that 's why they pick it . everybody else be do castle and stuff . rooftop Romeo and juliet by Douglas L. Holt . pamela you be really good at this . doug it 's like building model when I be a kid . it 's fun . it 's ... make - believe . pamela you know , they tore that old farmhouse down ? doug oh , no . do they ? pamela yeah . doug they always tear down the wrong stuff . pamela oh , Jesus , I miss you -- so much . doug miss you , too . they kiss -- then pamela pull away . Doug study she , then : doug you have a boyfriend , right ? pamela no. doug well , what ? you worried what you old man would think ? ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 95 . 143 continued : ( 3 ) 143 pamela he do not care what I do , as long as I do not do it in Haley . doug then what 's the problem ? pamela I can not ... do this . doug why not ? I mean ... okay . we do not have to go so fast . shit , I be sorry . I blow it again , huh ? pamela no , I do . doug how ? Pam climb down off the stage and start up the aisle . pamela I be on probation . they pull a bed-check the night I be here . I have to be back in the dorm by ten . gotta go . doug what about tomorrow ? I could come up in the afternoon and ... pamela no ! it 's just too late . it 's all mess up . I can not seem to make thing all right . the more I try the worse everything get . I be sorry . Pam walk up the aisle and disappear through a door to the lobby . doug Pam ! it 's not too late ! 144 omitted 144 &amp ; &amp ; 145 145 inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 96 . 146 omitted 146 &amp ; &amp ; 147 147 a148 int . bryn mawr dormitory - lobby - later that night a148 Pam enter the lobby . a female student clerk ( # 1 ) display a message as Pam pass by the front desk . clerk # 1 Pam -- some guy name Doug keep call for you . Pam ignore the clerk and the message and go upstairs . 148 ext . bryn mawr dormitory - day 148 pamela approach she dorm . she stop as she see Doug wait beside the entrance . she turn and walk away . a149 ext . bryn mawr dormitory - night a149 Doug still wait beside the entrance for some sign of Pam . he 's tired , cold , and hungry . he grind out he cigarette with he heel and walk away . b149 ext . jacey' apt . ( philadelphia STREET ) - day ( sunday ) b149 149 int . jacey' apartment 149 jacey sit in he favorite armchair read the Sunday newspaper . Doug sit in the middle of the sofa . jacey scrutinize he brood young brother . jacey what 's wrong with you ? doug nothing . a boil water kettle start to whistle ( o.s. ) -- jacey go into the kitchen to tend to it . there be a soft knock on the front door . Doug go to answer it . he open the door and find pamela stand there with she coat in she hand . he be pleasantly surprised ; Pam be distant , slightly off - balance . doug hi. pamela hi. ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 97 . 149 continued : 149 doug how do you know I be here ? jacey ( o.s. ) you want another cup of ... jacey step out of the kitchen and frown when he see Pam . jacey I tell you not to come by on Sunday . pamela I forget . the breath go out of Doug as if he would be strike in the stomach . jacey dammit , why do not you call first ? pamela do not have any nickel . jacey well , I do not expect to see you again . you want to fuck ? I mean , that 's why you come over , right ? pamela ( slight beat ) sure . jacey then take off you clothes . pamela drop she coat on the floor . she pull she sweater off over she head . Doug 's anguish be as great as pamela 's humiliation . he can not bear any more if this -- he walk out the door . 150 ext . jacey' apartment ( philadelphia ) - sidewalk - day 150 Doug come out of the apartment house and walk up the sidewalk . tear begin to stream down he face . he begin to run and run as fast as he can . 151 int . reed hall ( philadelphia ) - lobby and stair - 151 that night Doug enter the dormitory and start up the stair . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 98. 151 continued : 151 jacey ( o.s. ) Doug ... Doug turn and find jacey at the foot of the stair . doug fuck you . Doug continue up the stair -- jacey pursue he . jacey I do not know . doug you do not know what ?! jacey how you feel about Pam . doug fuck you . jacey I be sorry . doug apologize to she , you asshole ! jacey I do . ( slight beat ) I run into she a few week ago at a party . she be drink and I ... it be easy . she feel guilty about tell she father about Alice and I . actually , I make she feel guilty , I make she feel like she have betrayed Alice . doug she do not betray Alice ! she be just try to get rid of you so Alice would not try to kill herself again . Jesus Christ , you shit - head , Alice could not marry you ! jacey I know . I mean , I do now . doug then what the hell do Pam ever do to deserve you revenge ? jacey nothing . ( continued ) 99 . 151 continued : ( 2 ) 151 doug just you way of evening the score with Lloyd abbott , right ? jacey right . Doug spin and deliver a wild , roundhouse punch that land brutally on the side of jacey 's face -- the impact knock he down onto the step . jacey 's eyebrow have split open , he be blind by blood . doug I do not know you ! I do not know who the fuck you be ! you fuck everything . you fuck everything up ! why do you have to fuck Pam , too ?! Doug walk away , leave jacey sit on the step , clutching a banister for support . he press he palm to he eyebrow to squelch the flow of blood . 152 ext . bryn mawr dormitory - day 152 Doug approach Pam 's dormitory . 153 int . bryn mawr dormitory - lobby - day 153 Doug step up to the female student clerk ( # 2 ) at the front desk . doug pamela abbott , please . tell she Doug be here . clerk # 2 she 's not here . doug I will wait . clerk # 2 but she leave . doug what do you mean ? clerk # 2 she leave ... last night . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 100 . 153 continued : 153 doug where do she go ? clerk # 2 I do not know . doug well , do she go home ? clerk # 2 no one seem to know . she just take some clothes and leave . doug ( lose ) oh , God ... no ... his pain be so clear that it spur the clerk 's sympathy . clerk # 2 look , I be not suppose to do this , but ... well , I can give you she home address . doug ( explode with irony ) shit ! yeah , right ... ( slight beat ) I mean ... thanks . thanks anyway . I know she home address . 154 ext . abbott home - STREET - day ( december , 1959 ) 154 the abbott house be deck with snow . Doug sit behind the wheel of the plymouth . he 's park down the street . he smoke a cigarette and stare at the house -- the pavement outside the driver 's window be litter with butt . 155 ext . shop ( downtown haley ) - day 155 Alice come out on the street laden with package and shopping bag . she 's startle by Doug when he fall in beside she and follow she down the sidewalk . doug where 's Pam ? alice I do not know . doug be she with Eleanor ? ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 101. 155 continued : 155 alice I do not know . doug in Chicago ? alice I do not know . doug I could not find Eleanor 's name in the Chicago phone book . alice maybe it 's unlist . doug well , do you know Eleanor 's address ? alice no . I do not know she address , I do not know she phone number . you would have to ask my father for it . all right ? Alice turn and step into another shop -- leave Doug behind on the sidewalk . 156 int . holt home - live room - night ( christmas , 1959 ) 156 perry como sing " the Little drummer Boy " on the television . Doug rise from the sofa . 157 int . holt home - kitchen - continuous action - night 157 helen be peel apple to make a pie . Doug enter and study she for a beat . doug be you okay ? helen I be fine . doug you look ... tired . helen just a cold . doug you sure ? ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 102. 157 continued : 157 helen I do wish jacey have come home for Christmas . maybe that 's what 's wrong with I . doug I guess that free-lance draft job be too good for he to turn down . helen I do not think that 's why he do not come home . I write he a letter , you know . about Lloyd and I . have he mention it to you ? doug no . Doug want to avoid the topic of jacey . he open the refrigerator . doug when do you start drink beer ? helen oh ... I buy that for you . I have they in the basement ; I keep forget to bring they up . he do a bemuse take on she . helen good heaven , I know you drink beer . Doug take out two bottle of beer and open they . doug here . have one with I . helen I buy that for you , honey . doug it 's not good to drink alone , Mom . helen do not be silly . doug come on . sit down . have a beer . ( continued ) 103 . 157 continued : ( 2 ) 157 he pull out a chair for she . she reluctantly come over and sit down . Doug sit and propose a toast . doug merry Christmas . helen merry Christmas . ( take a sip ) it 's beer . doug let 's drink them all . helen laugh girlishly . helen Charlie be always try to get I to drink beer . doug why do you always call he Charlie ? helen that be he name . doug why do not you ever say ' you father ' ? helen sometimes I do , do not I ? I do not know . when I think of he , I think of ' Charlie . ' doug do you ever ... meet anybody else ? helen you mean another man ? doug yeah . helen well , everyone always think thing be more possible than they be . I mean , single man do not stay in Haley if they have any starch . the only eligible man around be Drew Carter , but he smell like he dog . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 2/16/96 104. 157 continued : ( 3 ) 157 her remark crack Doug up -- helen laugh , too . helen I wish I would remember the beer sooner . it 's nice to see you smile . doug sorry . helen do not be . everyone have sad time . Doug dissolves into tear . he lower he head and shield he eye with he hand . helen lean over and stroke he hair . after a few moment , he rise and wipe away he tear with a dish towel . helen I will tell you a secret . I do have a friend . a man in Chicago . I use to see he when I go up to Chicago to visit Bea during summer vacation . doug ' use to see he ' -- you do not see he anymore ? helen no . doug do you like he ? helen he be a wonderful man . a little boring , but really , very wonderful . doug how long do this go on ? helen about eight year or so , it be when you boy be still at home . doug that 's a long time . do you ever think about marrying he ? helen he propose . but , well , obviously , I say no . ( continued ) 105 . 157 continued : ( 4 ) 157 doug why ? helen because I be in love with ... you father . with my memory of he . he be the one for I . oh , I do not know ... there 's different kind of love , darling . some people you love no matter what . other people you love if the situation be right . to I the best kind of love be the ' no matter what ' kind . ( slight beat ) well , I be a cheap drunk , be not I ? 158 ext . countryside - road - day later 158 the bus cruise along the narrow ribbon of pavement . 159 inside bus - angle on doug 159 -- sit by himself ; there 's not many passenger today . we hear the voice of rambunctious child ... 160 int . haley elementary school - classroom - day 160 ( late spring , 1960 ) the second - grade student be in the midst of a art project where they make a design by glue various sort of dry bean to color paper -- but the bean be be throw about the room and other bean have be spill on the floor . helen wearily attempt to rein in the unruly child : helen too much noise , please . let 's finish up . keep the glue on the paper . Sam , lillian , Jack -- in you seat , please ... helen suddenly lose she energy and interest in police the child . they hijink continue as she step out of the classroom . inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 106. 161 int . haley elementary school corridor - continuous 161 action helen step over to a window and stare out -- lose in she own thought and oblivious to the noise from she classroom . 162 int . university of pennsylvania - theater - day ( late 162 spring , 1960 ) Doug be on a cat - walk in the fly loft high over the stage floor . he strain as he drop 20 pound slab of pig-iron onto a counterweight carriage , then he release the line and fly a canvas backdrop up into the loft . he lock off the line , wipe he brow , turn , and find jacey stand behind he . doug what - the-hell do you want ? jacey Mom ... 163 int . airport terminal ( philadelphia ) - that night 163 Doug sit in a almost empty terminal wait to catch a red-eye flight to Chicago . a group of just arrive stewardess pass by chat with a captain and other flight officer . Eleanor abbott do a take on Doug , step away from she co-worker , and double back to he . eleanor hi , Doug ! Doug almost do not recognize she . she be twenty year old now and very grow - up , very stylish in she stewardess uniform . she smile at he . eleanor how 's you chin ? ( as he do not respond ) remember ... the pencil ? doug yeah . I have a little scar . eleanor you go home ? back to hole - in - the - Ground , Illinois . doug my mother die . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 107 . 163 continued : 163 eleanor ( take aback ) oh God . oh no . oh , Doug , I be sorry . doug she have cancer . I just see she Christmas . she be tired , but I think she just have the flu or something . she do not tell we . the hospital tell jacey when they call he . eleanor ( slight beat ) how be jacey ? doug he have to stay to take he state board exam . he 's come back the day after tomorrow . eleanor he 's a architect ? doug if he pass he exam . he will . eleanor I be so sorry , Doug . doug you know , I try to find you phone number a couple of month ago . eleanor it 's in my roommate 's name , I have get to fix that . doug I be wonder if you know where Pam be ? eleanor ( slight beat ) no. I do not . doug she leave school . eleanor I know . my father call I . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . 163 continued : ( 2 ) 163 eleanor ( cont 'd ) he be look for she . I do not know where she be . I gotta run -- I will miss my ride to the hotel . doug tell Pam I love she . Eleanor look at he . doug tell she ... just tell she that . Eleanor do not reply . she turn and walk away . 164 ext . funeral home ( haley ) - alley - day later 164 the distance between jacey and Doug be tell , as be the difference in they behavior . Doug lean against a wall with he hand in he pocket , he eye cast down on he shoe . jacey roam the alley unable to stand still for grief . he light a fresh cigarette off the butt of another . jacey why ? why do not she tell we ? the funeral director appear in the back door : funeral director gentlemen ... 165 int . funeral home ( haley ) - day ( minute later ) 165 helen 's close casket be surround by floral tribute . Doug and jacey enter from a door near the casket -- they pause in reaction to the crowded parlor , it overflow with mourner . jacey explode under he breath , so that only Doug can hear : jacey Fucking hypocrite -- every one of them . jacey turn and walk out through the door they come in . Doug walk over to he seat in the front row -- he hesitates when he see Lloyd abbott stand in the back of the parlor . 109 . 166 int . holt home - dine room - next day 166 Doug sit at the table wrapping dish in newspaper . jacey come in with a frame photograph of they grandmother . jacey do you want this picture of grandma ? doug you can have it . jacey you sure ? doug yeah . jacey step out of the dining room . 167 int . holt home - helen' bedroom - day ( short 167 time later ) jacey be pack helen 's thing . Doug step in the doorway . doug I be starve . you want to go get something to eat ? jacey be catch a bit off -guard by Doug 's invitation , then : jacey sure . 168 int . iron skillet - night 168 jacey and Doug be seat in a window booth . they eat in silence , then : doug you do not have to stick around . I can handle thing here . jacey what about school ? doug I hate Penn . always have . you be right . ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 110. 168 continued : 168 jacey about what ? doug I should live my own life . stop be you shadow . I be not like you , jacey -- I do not want to be like you . jacey you go to stay here ? in Haley ? doug no . I be think New York . if I be go to really learn how to design set , that 's the place to do it . jacey ( long beat ) I be sorry . doug I know you be . ( slight beat ) do you have to get stitches ? jacey hmmm ? doug you eyebrow . jacey my eyebrow -- yeah , ten stitches . doug sorry . Doug take a envelope out of he coat pocket and put it on the table . doug found this in one of the box in the basement . jacey what be it ? doug a letter of agreement between Lloyd abbott and dad . dad sell he the file drawer patent -- not Mom . ( continued ) 111 . 168 continued : ( 2 ) 168 jacey open the envelope and study the yellow document . jacey ( be : document ) a car ? doug yup . jacey Jesus Christ ... he sell the patent for a use car ? doug use car be the only kind of car around . the war be on -- everything be mobilize . they stop make new car , they be make tank and bomber in Detroit . and even Midwest steel be not make desk , they be make ammo box and mortar shell . jacey how do you get to be such a expert on World War two ? doug U.S. History -- high school . I should be a expert , I have to take the damn class twice . I guess dad need a car and he figure who - the-hell need a full - suspension file drawer ? jacey ( read aloud ) ' 1937 desoto coupe convertible as be .' doug wonder whatever happen to it ? jacey he park it at the bottom of the lake . 169 ext . bus depot ( downtown haley ) - next day 169 Doug follow jacey to the door of the bus . neither one of they know how to say good - bye , after a awkward beat : ( continued ) 112 . 169 continued : 169 jacey ( fight back tear ) do I a favor . do not stand here and wave good - bye ... it make I think of Mom . doug okay . see you . Doug turn and walk away . jacey climb onto the bus . 170 ext . abbott home - STREET - day 170 Doug drive home from the bus depot in the old plymouth . he slow as he see ... the party tent in the abbott ' front yard ( with its canvas side roll up ) . Susan 's third birthday party be underway , dozen of well - dress child and they parent be in attendance . Alice ( who be very pregnant ) and Peter vanlaningham and Lloyd and Joan abbott watch Susan riding she new pony , a gift from she grandparent . a new generation of abbott party have begin . 171 ext . holt home - driveway - day 171 a " for sale " sign have be place on the front yard . Doug pull up the driveway in the plymouth . he turn off the engine but do not get out of the car . then he start the car again and back out of the driveway . 172 int . abbott home - tent - day ( short time later ) 172 despite it be a birthday party for a three - year -old , this be very much a grow - up affair . the band be play , the adult be dance , Joan abbott be flitting from guest - to-guest , Alice be dutifully silent while Peter dominate the talk at they table , Lloyd be with he croney . Doug enter the tent -- one - by - one the guest take notice of he as he work he way across the tent -- and all be very aware of he uninvite presence by the time he reach Lloyd abbott . Lloyd scrutinize Doug , then : lloyd what do you want ? doug I want to talk to you . 113 . 173 int . abbott house - den - day 173 Doug follow Lloyd into the dark - panele room . lloyd shut the door . Doug close the door . Lloyd light a cigarette . lloyd smoke ? doug no thanks . lloyd sit down . doug I do not want to . lloyd then do not . ( slight beat ) I be sorry about you mother . doug sorry about what ? lloyd you do not know you mother at all if you think someone like I would have ever stand a chance with someone like she . that just go to show you how stupid this town be -- that they would believe she sleep with I . that would make Charlie laugh . you old man be my best friend . he use to call I ' Egg -head ' -- hell , everybody do . and back then everybody know that egg-head abbott do not stand a snowball 's chance in hell with helen riley . of course , that be all before I become Lloyd abbott -- Mr. abbott . that be back when I still have chicken shit on my shoe and twelve cent in my pocket . Charlie Holt be the only one good enough for helen . I use to spy on them -- yup , I do . ( fix a drink ) use to watch they sit on the front porch of she house -- you house -- and watch them talk . ( more ) ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 114. 173 continued : 173 lloyd ( cont 'd ) and talk . I never know what to say to a girl . never could just talk . could dance , could listen to the radio . but I could not talk ... except with you mother , except with helen . I talk more to she after you dad die than I would ever talk to any woman before then -- or since then . Jesus , I talk . just like this . just like right now . just pour out . helen would listen and whatever I say , she would never make I feel bad or ignorant or guilty . I mean ... for Christ 's sake , she never blame I for what happen at the lake , for let Charlie drive out on that ice . she never do anything but try to make I hurt less and I ... Lloyd be startle by Joan as she open the door . joan Lloyd ...? lloyd get out of here ! joan it 's time for susie 's birthday cake . lloyd ( explode ) goddammit , Joan , go way ! get the hell out of here ! leave I alone ! he hurl he glass at she and it shatter on the door jamb . Joan recoil in dumb-founded shock and back out of the doorway . Lloyd fume over and slam the door shut in she face . he lean against the door and catch he breath . lloyd I want son -- be not that funny ? I want son and I get three daughter . I want a woman I could talk to and I get a woman whose ear be stuff full of money and percodan . but I get the chicken shit off my shoe . ( more ) ( continued ) inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 115. 173 continued : ( 2 ) 173 lloyd ( cont 'd ) my shoe be clean . ( slight beat ) I know that 's what jacey think . I could always tell by the way he look at I -- even when he be a little boy -- like I owed he something . but , goddammit , he 's wrong . that bet be you father 's idea and I never mean you mother any harm . I would have do anything for she -- anything . I love she . but the only thing she ever want from I be just for I to leave she alone . he pour himself a fresh drink , then turn to Doug : lloyd so , what do you want ? doug I want to find Pam -- and you be go to tell I where she be . 174 ext . brownstone apartment build ( chicago ) - that 174 night Doug navigate the busy sidewalk to the entrance of the building . he check the number over the door to the address on the scrap of paper in he hand . 175 ext . apartment build doorway - eleanor's apartment - 175 night ( minute later ) Doug knock on the door . Eleanor open it , she 's dress for work in she stewardess uniform . she 's obviously surprised to find Doug on she doorstep , but she greet he with a warm smile . doug where be she ? 176 ext . department store display window ( chicago ) - 176 sidewalk - night ( short time later ) pamela dress a mannequin in the display window . as she move behind the mannequin to fasten a garment she see Doug stand on the other side of the glass watch she from the sidewalk . Doug write a message on the plate glass window with he index finger ( printing the letter in reverse so that the message be legible from Pam 's Pov ) ; he message read : " I love you . " inventing the abbott - Rev. 3/20/96 116. 177 ext . department store entrance - sidewalk - night 177 ( moment later ) pamela come out of the store via the revolve door and find Doug wait for she on the sidewalk . pamela how can you ...? doug how can I what ? pamela ever ... forgive I ? doug you always love I no matter what I do , right ? pamela yeah . doug maybe that 's how I love you -- no matter what . that 's the best kind of love , you know ? pamela but ... oh , Jesus ... how do we start all over again ? Pam 's eye fill with tear . Doug step over to she and embrace she tenderly , hold she close . doug there . we be do it . pamela ( through she tear ) do what ? doug start over . so , what be you do tonight ? you want to go out ? pamela you be crazy . doug some people never change . he wipe she tear from she cheek with he finger , then give a short , but sweet , kiss . then he smile : ( continued ) 117 . 177 continued : 177 doug hi. pamela hi. fade out . the end