invictus ( aka " the human factor " ) written by Anthony peckham base on material by JOHN carlin second draft 5/22/07 " Sport have the power to change the world . it have the power to inspire , the power to unite people that little else have ... it be more powerful than government in break down racial barrier . " nelson mandela ext . all - white high school , western cape - day a big , rich , powerhouse all - white high school locate near the freeway into cape town . the rugby field be immaculate . fifteen year old boy in stripe rugby jersey train with total intensity under the critical eye of the coach . right across the boundary fence from the rugby field be a area of waste land lead up to the freeway . there , black and " colored " ( mix - race ) boy of the same age play a loose game of soccer with a tennis ball . most of they have bare foot and threadbare , dirty clothes , most of they be noticeably smaller and skinnier than the white boy . two culture , separate by more than the high boundary fence . super title : south africa , february 11 , 1990 a commotion on the freeway intrude on the soccer game . horn honk , car pull over onto the shoulder , people jump out . ext . freeway - day lead by police motorbike , then patrol car , a white mercede approach , head towards cape town . whoever be in the mercede have stop traffic . ext . all - white high school , western cape - day the soccer player abandon they game and run for the freeway , whistling and shouting . the rugby player be more discipline -- or obedient -- and do not acknowledge the commotion until the convoy pass right by they . the coach shake he head in disgust . high school boy who be it , sir ? coach it 's that terrorist , mandela . they let he out . ( beat ) remember this day , boy . it 's the day we country go to the dog . CUT to : 2 . a short , stock - footage montage which span the tumultuous four year between nelson mandela' release from prison and he inauguration as President of South Africa . footage would include : - mandela 's release from prison - negotiation with the apartheid regime - scene of white fear and emigration - the horrifying sectarian violence lead up to the election - the khaki-clad awb ( afrikaner right wing ) attack on the World Trade Center ( where negotiation be take place ) - the lift of economic sanction and cultural boycott - the lift of the international ban on the springbok rugby team and immediate test match loss to New Zealand and Australia . - popular black leader Chris hani 's assassination by white right winger - black retaliation - mandela 's frantic intervention to keep the country from go up in flame - the election itself , with that incredible image of thousand and thousand of people , black and white , lining up patiently , some to vote for the first time in they life - the African National Congress victory - mandela 's inauguration as President , where he deliver the famous word : " never , never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another , and suffer the indignity of be the skunk of the world . " as applause fade ... go to black : int . mandela' bedroom - night Dark . we can make out the form of a tall man sleeping alone at the very edge of the big bed , as if not want to rumple the blanket too much . on the bedside table , the clock click from 4:59 to 5:00 . the man 's eye open in the dark , instantly awake . he reach out , switch on the light . nelson rolihlahla mandela , 76 , sit up and get out of bed in one movement . he have the physical vigor and energy of someone twenty year young . 3. the second he be up , he turn around and make he bed , leave it as flawlessly smooth as a hospital bed . or a prison bunk . for this be the discipline of twenty seven year behind bar . int . mandela' house - night dress in a tracksuit and cross-trainer , mandela come down the stair and head for the front door . this be a nice , big house but it be amazingly modest for the President of a wealthy nation , and arguably the most famous man on the planet . ext . mandela' house - night mandela step outside , close he front door quietly , take a moment to savor the air . it be bone dry and cold -- typical condition in the highveld at this time of year . it be so quiet that , for a moment , it seem as if mandela be completely alone in the world . the big yard be fence . there be a small guard house at the driveway gate . when mandela step away from the house , a uniformed south african policeman in the guardhouse push the button that open the gate . ext . STREET outside mandela' house - night when the gate begin to open we see that there be two grey bmw park either side of it . int . grey BMW - night linga moonsamy come to full alert as the gate open . he be a big , scowling man dress in a suit . he check the load on a pistol , tuck it into he shoulder holster . linga here he come . like clockwork . jason it make he such a easy target . 4. behind linga , in the back seat , sit jason tshabalala , a naturally tense and suspicious man . both of they be hollow - eye , exhaust , run on adrenaline . they get out of the BMW , fast and quiet . this do not look good . ext . STREET outside mandela' house - night as mandela walk out through the gate , Jason and linga intercept he . jason ( traditional greeting in xhosa ) I see you , father . mandela 's face come alive as he smile . mandela ( without break stride ) Morning boy . how be you ? Jason be mandela 's head of personal security , linga he number one bodyguard . they be both former " terrorist " , and they be utterly devote to mandela . jason we be sharp , madiba . mandela good ... good . and how 's you mother do , linga ? linga she 's much better , thank you . mandela good . mandela pick up the pace . Jason and linga fall back , so that they be a few step behind he . they share a quick look . they hate this walk . it scare they . there 's no way for it to be anything but completely unsanitary , from a security point of view . CUT to : 5 . ext . johannesburg street - night a SMALL delivery van drive really fast , blow through stop sign . CUT to : ext . houghton street - night mandela stride along the big , wide , tree -line street . Jason and linga shadow he , eye and ear alert . up ahead , we see a SMALL , upscale area of shop and restaurant . CUT to : ext . SMALL , upscale shop - night mandela , Jason and linga reach the shopping area . Dark , desert . CUT to : another angle of the shop as the small van turn onto the street with a squeal of tire . CUT to : the sliding door on the van be opened from inside . too dark to see in . ominous . CUT to : mandela , Jason and linga pass a huge poster of mandela in the window of corner grocery . mandela do not react to this giant picture of himself , Jason and linga do , proudly -- ( a general note : start with the window of this grocery , there be picture of mandela everywhere . Magazine cover , newspaper centerfold , t-shirt , child 's art -- as if to make up for all the time mandela 's image and word be ban . ) -- until they hear the SOUND of the van tear towards they . they turn , see headlight veering to there side of the STREET . 6 . both men drop there hand to there gun . linga step in front of mandela , shield he , Jason step out wide , ready for anything . mandela be completely calm . the van screech to a halt just past they . a guy jump out of the van hold a tie bundle of newspaper , which he drop with a thump at the grocery door . the guy do not see they . the delivery van be go before the newspaper stop move . mandela head for the newspaper -- he want to see the headline . Jason and linga take they hand off they gun , but they do not relax . this be dangerous time . go in on the top newspaper , which show a photo of the inauguration , and the follow word , in afrikaan : he can win a election , but can he run a country ? jason what do it say ? mandela it say , " he can win a election , but can he run a country ? " linga ( disgust ) not even one day on the job and they be after you . mandela it 's a legitimate question . mandela turn and march for home . Jason and linga fall in behind he . in the east , the first milky hint of day . int . mandela' house - before dawn the house be now bustling with activity . a pretty member of the kitchen staff set a single place at the head of a big , formal dining table . a lady chef stir the porridge , a kitchen assistant cut fresh fruit . mandela 's personal secretary , mary march out of she small office with a stack of correspondence and five newspaper , place they neatly next to the table set . 7. outside , mandela be surround by man . Inside , he have surround himself with woman of all shape , color and age , to make up for twenty seven year without . CUT to : mandela shave upstair in the bathroom . the razor be dull . mandela open drawer look for another . he open a drawer that be empty but for a woman' bead bracelet , break and shed tiny color bead . mandela look for it for a moment , then close the drawer , look at himself in the mirror . mostly , mandela 's face be warm , animated , energetic and this be how we see he , almost all the time . but , sometimes , he face can be a remote , sphinx - like mask that conceal all emotion , all feel . this be he prison face . this be the face that look back at mandela , right now , in the mirror . it be the face of a man whose long , hard journey have mark he very soul . expressionless , mandela shave himself with the dull razor . over , a cock crow and -- CUT to : -- a quick series of shot , as the rainbow nation wake up . tv announcer ( v.o . ) today mark the beginning of a new era in South Africa -- from the bush to the city , from shanty town to ocean-front mansion , people start there day . tv announcer ( v.o . ) -- as President mandela take office in pretoria , face issue that range from economic stagnation and unemployment to rise crime -- some start the day with a tea tray place next to they bed by discreet black hand , some with nothing more than brown river water and half a fire - blacken ear of corn for breakfast . 8. tv announcer ( v.o . ) -- while at the same time balance black aspiration -- CUT to : int . pienaar parent house - morning tv announcer -- with white fear . click ! the tv be turn off by mr. pienaar ( late 40' ) in he very modest , blue-collar house . mr. pienaar ( gloomy ) I never think I would see the day . Mr. pienaar turn and address he son , francois pienaar , 27 , a big , blond , almost - handsome man with a fighter 's face and mangle ear . brutal toughness and honor in he feature . a powerful physical presence , possibly dangerous . francois drip with sweat , wear run clothes . whatever he do , he be strong , fit and drive . mr. pienaar I feel sorry for you , son . you have get you whole life ahead of you . what 's it go to be like now ? mrs . pienaar ( late 40' ) enter hold some kind of protein shake for pienaar . mrs . pienaar do not be so gloomy . ( hand over shake ) I add vitamin -- there 's a horrible flu bug go around . tell nerine when you get home . pienaar thanks , mar . mr. pienaar I be tell you , francois -- look at angola , look at mozambique . look at Zimbabwe . we be next . they be go to take we job and drive we into the sea . just you wait . CUT to : 9 . ext . union building , pretoria - day magnificent , sweeping government building make of carve African field stone , with a italian tile roof , situate on a hill overlook pretoria . the seat of power . today , the entrance be mobbed with a huge , joyous , multi- racial throng , plus news crew from all over the world . lot of new South African flag evident . we move through the throng and swoop up into the air , so that we can soar along the outside of the building and look through the window into the office of state -- -- where people who work for the De klerk regime be pack up , in anticipation of be boot out by the mandela regime . this character run the gamut from little old afrikaner tea lady in tear , to the stoic fossil of grand apartheid . they be all white . a good third of the office be already desert . the desert office have open door . through a window , through a open door , we see mandela and he bodyguard stride down a Union Building hallway . we swoop in through the window -- int . union build hallway - day -- and catch up with the new President . mandela be regal in a magnificent tailore suit . Jason in front , linga behind . portrait of the architect and champion of apartheid look down sternly on they as they pass . they pass a worker hang a portrait of mandela next to one of De klerk , the previous President . on linga , as he smile at that . mandela , on the other hand , look into the empty office , and into the office be pack up . up ahead , the double door to the office of the president , be close . Jason speed up , open they , poke he head in , then open the door wide . jason ( with great pride ) after you , Mr. President . 10 . int . mandela' office - day mandela 's office be fronted by a large reception area , already fill with people waiting to see he . to one side be he chief of staff' suite of office , to the other side , the SMALL presidential security office . Beyond this be mandela' secretary , typist and assistant -- he gatekeeper . Beyond that be the inner sanctum , mandela' own office . the phone be ringing off the hook . fax machine be chatter . everyone want a piece of mandela . mandela enter , Jason and linga behind he . mandela good morning everybody . all ( greeting ) barbara masekela , mandela 's chief of staff ( and now ambassador to the U.S. ) , emerge from she office , carry a arm load of file , folder and papers -- mandela Barbara , good morning . you have have you hair do . I like it . -- accompany mandela back towards he office . barbara thank you , madiba . we need to talk about you cabinet appointment and minister . mandela give I one moment , please . Barbara wait outside mandela 's office , as he enter ahead of she . int . mandela' office - day mandela stand in the middle of he office , take a moment to savor where he be . 11 . then , he take off he jacket , hang it up and be ready for work . mandela barbara -- Barbara enter . mandela -- please assemble the staff for I . whoever have not already leave . barbara right now ? all of they ? mandela yes , please . CUT to : int . union build staff dine room - day what 's leave of the union build staff be pack into the dine room . White face , bitter and resentful . wait to be fire . through the glass door , they see mandela approaching down the hallway , linga and Jason with he . staff member #1 here he come . staff member #2 he want the satisfaction of fire we himself . they stand up straight , determine to receive the ax with pride . int . union build hallway - day linga and Jason amp up when they see the room full of restless afrikaner . at the staff dine room door , mandela turn to they . mandela I would like you to stay out here , please . jason but , madiba ... 12 . mandela I can not talk to they if I be hide behind man with gun . mandela open the door and enter . Jason and linga stay outside ... just . int . union build dine room - day mandela enter , smile -- get not one smile in return . mandela ( in afrikaan ) gooie more almal . staff member ( aside ) do he think greeting we in afrikaan make this any sweeter ? mandela some of you may know who I be . this get a few bitter chuckle . mandela be at this best just talk to people , like this . only , he do not just talk to they , he wade in amongst they , shaking hand and make individual contact as he speak to all of they . mandela good morning ... how be you ... thank you for come at such short notice ... etc . quick CUT to : mandela be a continual security nightmare . you can see the tension on Jason and linga 's face as he disappear into the throng . back to : when mandela reach the middle of the room , he stop shaking hand , and turn slowly as he talk to everybody . mandela I could not help notice the empty office as I come to work today . and all the pack box . one black man , surround by a throng of serious white face . 13 . mandela now , of course , if you want to leave , that be you right . and if you feel in you heart that you can not work with you new government , then it be better that you do leave , right away . he can be tough and blunt , when necessary . mandela but if you be pack up because you fear that you language , or the color of you skin , or who you serve previously , disqualify you from work here now , I be here to tell you , have no such fear . ( beat ) wat be verby be verby . what 's past be past . we look to the future , now . this be not what they expect to hear . mandela we need you help . we want you help . if you would like to stay , you will be do you country a great service . mandela pause , to look at the face . they be receptive . mandela I ask only that you do you job to the best of you ability , and with good heart . I promise to do the same . ( beat ) if we can manage that , we country will be a shine light in the world . CUT to : Jason and linga be right outside the glass door , look in and listen . Jason shake he head . jason he want to win they over , one damn boer at a time . CUT to : 14 . int . mandela' office - day mandela head back through to he office , Barbara , Mary and other assistant form a phalanx around he . linga peel off , go into the security office . Jason stand at the desk of one of the assistant ( jessie ) , wait for she to finish a call , then : jason molo , sister . jessie ( frazzled ) it 's still morning ? Jason grin . jason when you get a chance , can we see the schedule for the month ? we need to plan security . jessie 's phone ring . jessie ( answering phone ) Office of the President , good morning . jessie wave Jason off . he cross to the security office , enter . int . security office - day once he close the door behind he , Jason show he fatigue . linga be foot - up on the sofa , suck on a cup of coffee . Three more bodyguard -- SAM , kwezi and winston -- slump in chair . Jason grab coffee , sit at he desk , put he foot up with a groan . jason we need more man . linga do you talk to Barbara about it ? jason yesterday . 15 . a knock at the door . jason that 's jessie , with the schedule . ( loudly ) come in , beautiful . the door open -- but what enter be not beautiful . four big white cop in suit enter , special branch write all over they . etienne van eck , hendrick booyens , GEORGE and willem . the bodyguard stand up like junk yard dog protect they territory . jason what be this ? etienne Mr. Jason tshabalala ? jason that 's I . be I under arrest ? etienne snap out a crisp salute . etienne Captain Van eck and team report for duty , sir . hendrick , George and willem snap out salute . they military deportment contrast strongly with the less rigid body language of the black bodyguard . jason what duty ? etienne we be the presidential bodyguard . we have be assign to this office . ( hold out a sheet of paper ) here be we order . Jason take the order , study they , face increasingly angry . linga ( to hendrick ) you be special branch , right ? 16 . hendrick nod , sternly . linga , Sam , kwezi and Winston react to that -- there be a long and brutal history between they and the special branch . etienne you will see that they have be sign . jason I do not care if they be sign or -- Jason do a double - take when he see the signature on the order : nelson R. mandela . jason wait here . Jason storm out , hold the order . the four black bodyguard seethe with hostility . the four white bodyguard stare straight ahead , refuse to give ground . int . mandela' office - day mandela and Barbara look over a position paper on something or other . when Jason knock and enter , they pause . jason sorry to disturb you . mandela you look agitate , Jason . jason that 's because I have get four special branch cop in my office . mandela what have you do ? jason me? nothing . they say they be the presidential bodyguard . they have order . ( beat ) sign by you . mandela yes . they have have special training , that boy -- with the sas . and lot of experience . they protect De klerk . 17 . jason yes , but -- mandela you ask for more man , do not you ? jason yes , but -- mandela in public , when people see I , they see my bodyguard , too . you represent I , directly . the rainbow nation start here . ( beat ) reconciliation start here . jason reconciliation ? madiba , not long ago they try to kill we ! maybe even this four guy . they try and , often , they succeed ! CUT to : int . security office linga , Sam , Winston and kwezi stare down etienne , hendrick , George and willem . back to : int . mandela' office - day mandela stare at Jason in a entirely different way -- with wisdom , compassion and sympathy . mandela yes , I know . ( very gently ) forgiveness start here , too . mandela let that sink in for a moment . he know he ask for something very difficult , but he demand it of himself to a even great degree . mandela forgiveness liberate the soul . it remove fear . that be why it be such a powerful weapon , Jason . ( more ) 18 . mandela ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) please try it . Jason exhales . he be not remotely ready to forgive . jason yes , madiba . sorry to disturb you . Jason turn , leave . Barbara shake she head at mandela . barbara you ask a lot . mandela only what be necessary . CUT to : ext . mandela' office - day as Jason -- very upset -- walk back to security , jessie hold out a file for he . jessie two copy of the schedule . Jason snatch the file , keep walk . jessie thank you , jessie ! when he reach the security office door , Jason walk right past , keep go , have to make a full loop of the reception area , just to get himself together . even so , when he get back to the security office door , Jason pause , gather himself to do something that he know he 's go to hate . int . security office - day thing have not ease up one little bit inside the office . the silence be deafen . Jason enter , look they all over . his face be grim . linga can we get rid of this guy , now ? Jason flash a look at linga , then -- and this hurt he , visibly -- he hold out one of mandela' schedule to etienne . 19 . jason this be he schedule for the next month . let 's look it over for duty assignment . etienne right . linga what ? linga and the other be shocked . linga Jason , I have to talk to you . outside . linga virtually pull Jason out of the office . int . mandela' office - day just outside the Security Office door , so they keep they voice low . linga how can we trust they ? jason we can not . ( head back in ) this be what madiba want , okay . not okay for linga , judge by the expression on he face . int . security office - day when Jason and linga enter , etienne look up from mandela 's schedule . etienne be there any special order or condition ? jason no. yes . madiba get upset if you do not smile when you push people out of the way . hendrick seriously ? 20 . linga yes , seriously . it 's the new South Africa . etienne madiba ? jason the President 's clan name . it 's what we call he . the new bodyguard share a look . they be not comfortable with " madiba " . etienne we will call he Mr. President . Jason lift the schedule . jason let 's get through this . still upset and hostile , the black bodyguard look over Jason 's shoulder , the white bodyguard look over etienne 's , at the month 's schedule . apartheid be by no mean dead in this cramped little office . both team study and discuss the schedule -- ( shop talk tbd use this to give US a quick glimpse of a day / week / month in the life of M. ) etienne shake he head . etienne how 's he go to do all this ? when do he take a break ? linga he say he rest enough in prison . Jason recoil at something he see on the last page of the schedule . jason here 's a headache . linga what ? 21 . jason a rugby match at loftus versfeld . british lion against the springbok . hendrick it 's go to be a headache for the lion , that 's for sure . we be go to donder they . jason I do not care about the game . I care that the President will be so expose . linga to thousand of drunken -- etienne ( innocently ) -- sport fan ? jason yes. Sports fan . linga who do not vote for he . who probably hate he . who come out of the womb with gun in they hand . over , the unmistakable SOUND of pre - game noise at a major sporting event . CUT to : ext . loftus versfeld stadium - day a huge , raucous crowd , almost entirely white and male . many wear the springbok green and gold . widespread evidence of drink . lot of old south african flag -- the blue , white and orange apartheid flag -- make a defiant statement against the new south african flag ringing the stadium . on the field , the rugby team assemble and face each other in two line . the british lions in they white on white with black and red trim , the springbok in they green and gold . like they supporter , the springbok be all white , but for one man , who be " color " ( mix race ) . 22 . Big , tough , brutal - look man . scary . ( we may or may not notice francois pienaar , stand at the head of the line of springbok . ) CUT to : int . loftus versfeld stadium - tunnel onto field - day at the entrance of the tunnel onto the field , lot of cop in blue South African Police uniform . behind the line of cop , in the tunnel , we find jason and all the other bodyguard but for linga . they be key - up , intense -- none more so than Jason . jason ( shouting against the noise ) I want you eye on the crowd at all time . we be stay in the middle of the field . he 's go to walk out , shake hand , walk back . nothing else . get it ? they nod . they be like the player at game time , only the stake be much higher . Jason look deeper into the tunnel , straighten up . jason here we go . mandela stride down the tunnel towards they , wear a dark suit . Big crowd energize he . his eye be alive with excitement . one pace behind he , like a huge , dark shadow , come linga . mandela give Jason a look , Jason nod . we follow mandela and the bodyguard out of the tunnel -- ext . loftus versfeld stadium - day -- onto the field , towards the wait team . the crowd rise to they foot . lot of they jeer mandela , lot cheer . all the old South African flag be wave at he defiantly -- plus some new one . mandela wave to they all , smile proudly . to he , a crowd be a opportunity to make new friend . but he stay in the center of the field . 23 . Jason and crew be hyper-alert , a human fence around mandela . mandela reach the rugby player . wait for he at the head of the springbok line , wear the number 6 jersey and captain 's armband , be francois pienaar . now we know what he do . mandela extend he hand . mandela good luck , captain . pienaar ( shaking hand ) thank you , sir . mandela shake hand down the line of springbok , then return , shaking hand with the british lion . Quick , perfunctory handshake . as mandela do this , we take bodyguard Pov snapshot of the crowd , increasingly key - up and restless . time to play rugby . mandela finish , wave to the crowd , and begin the walk along the center of the field , back to the tunnel . crowd noise increase . they know the open whistle be about to blow . then , mandela see something in the crowd , at field level . mandela' Pov : a group of rough - looking white men wave the new south african flag at he . without warning , mandela change direction , head towards this group , towards a wall of he former -- and perhaps current -- enemy . on jason : shit ! jason ( into radio ) stay with he . etienne stop he . jason stay with he . 24 . with he bodyguard scramble to stay in position , mandela reach the stand , hand outstretch , lean into the crowd . mandela thank you for honore we new flag ! some shake he hand , some -- very pointedly -- do not . the crowd noise take on a ugly undertone -- mandela be delay the rugby . mandela be undeterred . he 's into this one - on- one outreach . he turn , look for more hand to shake -- -- and Jason step in between mandela and the crowd . jason we be delay the rugby , madiba . mandela oh , yes , of course . mandela give one last wave , turn away . as he do , someone wind up and throws something from the stand . Jason and etienne catch the movement , whirl , too late . a orange whizhes past mandela' head , explode juicily on the field . mandela do not see it , do not react . if anything , he smile widen as he head across the field . the bodyguard close around he protectively , get he back to the tunnel . int . loftus versfeld stadium - tunnel onto field - day Jason signal for extra bodyguard to escort mandela all the way up to he box . hendrick , the biggest , lead the way . Jason stay in the tunnel , along with etienne . both man be in a muck sweat , adrenaline coursing through they . etienne why do not you stop he ? jason next time , you try . 25 . etienne do he do that sort of thing all the time ? jason ask my ulcer . ( beat ) good thing that be just a orange . etienne and good thing he never see it . jason oh , he see it . he see everything . ( rub he ulcer ) I hate rugby . CUT to : ext . loftus versfeld stadium - day two international front row come together with bone - crunching force . huge , violent man grunt like bull . the crowd roar vibrate the stadium . the scrum -- a phalanx of eight man lock together against eight -- wheel , buckle , then steady under the watchful eye of the referee . fanning out behind each scrum be the back -- faster , more glamorous player who will run with the ball , or kick it . the lion scrumhalf thrust the ball into the maw of the scrum , the huge man lock up against each other with maximum force . the ball come out the back of the lion ' scrum , the scrumhalf dive - pass it away to the back , who flick it out laterally to the wing , with lightning speed . the wing loft a delicate kick just over the onrush springbok defender . the lion charge the ball , which bounce erratically -- -- right into the hand of the man who kick it . one last burst of speed , one quick juke to avoid a desperation tackle , and the wing score in the corner . as the lion kicker get ready to convert the try , we find the springbok huddle under they goal post , hand on they hip , stunne . 26 . at the center of the huddle pienaar bleed behind he gum guard as , furiously , he try to inject some fire into he team . pienaar concentrate , dammit ! focus ! we can beat this guy if we play we game , not theirs ! on pienaar , as he realize he be not get through . there be dullness , shock in he player 's eye -- -- which all lift to the heaven as the conversion kick soar through the upright . we follow the kick as it drop past a giant scoreboard . stay on the scoreboard as it register the conversion and show the score : lions - 10 springbok - 0 int . loftus versfeld stadium VIP BOX - day in the VIP box , mandela turn he back on the field as the game restart beneath he and continue in the background . he have binoculars around he neck . mandela shall we work while we watch ? we have lot of promise to keep . Barbara sit to he right , with she ever - present file and folder . barbara yes , we do . Mary pour tea at the back of the box . linga stand two step behind mandela . on mandela 's leave , sit the president of south african rugby , a small man with a small man 's ruthlessness and drive . mandela it 's not too late , if the boy can just pick up they game . rugby president if they do not , head will roll . this be unacceptable . ( leaning forward ) come on you bloody bastard ! 27 . mandela 's expression show that he have a gentleman 's distaste for profanity . he turn to Barbara . barbara where do you want go first , for foreign investment ? mandela where the money be . America , England , Saudi Arabia . Barbara make note . mandela lift he binoculars , but instead of look at the rugby , he look at the crowd . CUT to : mandela' Pov through binoculars -- mandela zeroe in on a old south african flag -- the apartheid flag . it be be hold by the four khaki - clad boer ( farmer ) . classic South African figure from the rural far north , they be already drunk and suicidally depressed by the turn of event on the field . CUT to : barbara do you see all the old apartheid flag ? it 's a disgrace . mandela lower he binocular . mandela it 's also a constitutional right . barbara along with the apartheid anthem . I know . but it 's time people move on . mandela grunt , raise he binocular again . CUT to : mandela' Pov through binoculars -- mandela find a SMALL knot of black spectator , hold the new south african flag and cheer ecstatically . CUT to : 28 . mandela look at that . the white be cheer for the springbok , the black be cheer for the lion . mandela lower the binocular . mandela we do that on the island , you know . we support anyone but the ibok . it really irritate the warder . barbara of course it do . on mandela as he think about this for a moment , then lift he binocular to look at the crowd again . CUT to : mandela' Pov through binoculars -- on the knot of black spectator , who leap to they foot , reacting to action on the field -- ext . loftus versfeld stadium - day -- where the lion score yet another try . this be a ass - whipping . CUT to : the conversion sail over the ibok head . the scoreboard click over to : lions - 20 springbok - o int . loftus versfeld stadium VIP BOX - day mandela lower he binocular , set they aside , shake he head . he know it 's hopeless now . he turn to the rugby President . mandela how long until the World Cup ? rugby president about a year . mandela plenty of time for improvement . 29 . the rugby President can not take it . he stand . rugby president Mr. President -- I would not get my hope up . we be a damn disgrace . he stomp out of the box , no doubt look for someone to fire . mandela get back to work . mandela I want to go to India and Indonesia , too . there be a knock at the luxury box door . linga swing to face the door , alert , as a uniformed doorman open it . the minister of sport ( Steve tshwete ) , enter . minister of sport sorry I be late . he sit down in the empty chair to the right of mandela . minister of sport how 's it go ? mandela very badly . the Minister of Sport check the score , wince . minister of sport maybe it 's just as well . mandela shoot he a sharp look . mandela why ? minister of sport ( bend close , talk quietly ) I have just be at a meeting of the National Sports Council executive . there 's strong support to drop the springbok emblem and color altogether . ( gesture at the field ) if they be play badly , maybe its a good time to make a change . ( with barely hide relish ) ( more ) 30 . minister of sport ( cont would ) this could be the last time we have to look at the green and gold . the Minister of Sport shoot a glance at mandela , to see he reaction to all this . mandela be deep in think and completely unreadable . CUT to : ext . loftus versfeld stadium - day one last , bloody , violent bit of play -- then , mercifully , the final whistle blow . final score : lions - 32 springbok - 15 . the lion celebrate . the springbok head off the field , head down , shoulder bow in defeat -- none more bitterly disappointed or bloodier than francois pienaar . in the stand , the unheard of happen -- the springbok be boo by they own fan . not by everybody , but by enough . we stay with the ` bok as they trudge across the field , then clatter along the concrete tunnel to they dress room . int . loftus versfeld stadium - springbok dressing room the atmosphere be absolutely dismal as the man undress and shower . nobody catch anybody else 's eye . huge , powerful , pale body have be ploughed purple with rake mark , bruise and roasty . plus , one dark body -- that of chester william , a skilled wing from the cape , a reserve and private man . pienaar take off he green and gold jersey , sit , begin take off he cleat . his body hurt . he have be rake , scratch , bruise , and he ankle be swollen . a noble warrior , defeat . boland botha ( v.o. ) francois pienaar 's team come to loftus versfeld stadium this afternoon , unprepare and arrogant . 31 . int . tv studio meet boland botha as he tape he commentary on the test match . he be a ex - springbok player from the boycott year , now turn ponderous , florid rugby commentator . he be a household name , and the last word on the state of the springbok . boland botha they leave 80 minute later with they tail between they leg , like whipped mongrel . ( beat ) and I , for one , be glad . not because we lose , but because there 's now no way to disguise the fact that we be completely and utterly unprepare to reenter the world of top-notch international rugby . boland define the South African talent for pessimism and negativity . CUT to : int . sa rugby president's office - night boland botha ( on tv ) the rugby World Cup be now less than a year away , and I , for one , be relieved that we be the host nation , and therefore qualify automatically for the tournament . because I be not sure we would get in on merit alone . the rugby President suck on a rum and coke , watch boland with one of he henchmen . rugby president who get the axe ? someone have to . CUT to : int . francois pienaar apartment - night no after-match party this night . still depressed by the loss , pienaar stay home with this fiancee nerine . 32 . boland botha ( on tv ) pienaar 's team play without discipline , without strategy and without courage . pienaar he 's try to get they to drop I . nerine he 's just bitter because the springbok be boycott when he play . pienaar maybe , but people listen to what he say . CUT to : int . mandela' house - night wearing pyjamas , dress gown and slipper , mandela multi- task , watch boland botha and go through a pile of correspondence , scribbling note or signing he name . boland botha ( on tv ) they bring shame upon we nation , and I , for one , can say without fear of contradiction , that today , this fifteen so-called man do not deserve to wear the hallow green and gold . on mandela : a think , a idea -- a big one -- be churn in he head . he grunt , turn off the tv , put the correspondence aside , stand . Mary enter with a glass of milk and some pill , on a tray . mary here 's you muti . I warm the milk tonight . mandela you be too good to I . mandela take he pill . mary you daughter call , to cancel she visit this weekend . 33 . mandela pause , between pill . mandela do she say why ? mary no , she do not . ( make it up ) she say to tell you she be sorry . mandela nod , have a hard time swallow he last pill . mary do you need anything else tonight ? mandela no , thank you . I be go to bed . good night . mary good night , madiba . sleep well . mandela smile at she , but as soon as he be past she , the smile fade . as he climb the stair to he bedroom , he face become sadder and older and lonelier . in he bedroom , mandela pause to take off he dress gown . he look at he bed . it be as smooth and as blank as a sheet of paper . he peel back the bedclothes at one corner , slide under they and pause for a moment while reach for the light switch . he switch off the light and lie down , still and straight . the most popular man in the world start and end each day alone . dissolve to : ext . TOWNSHIP - day a very poor township outside johannesburg . a stark reminder of how much work mandela have ahead of he . a stampede of kide run by . we follow the kide and find a SMALL , beat - up church . a noisy line of threadbare kide lead from outside into the church . there be a peck order in the line , base on size . mrs . coleman ( o.s. ) no push now ! there 's enough for everybody ! 34 . int . SMALL , beat -up church - day at a table near the altar , the kid rummage through bag of second - hand clothes under the watchful eye of mrs . coleman , a stout and charitable woman . next to she , mrs . dlamini hand out a lollipop and say -- mrs . dlamini God bless you . -- to each kid . the clothes and lollipop move fast , rhythm keep by Mrs. dlamini 's " God bless yous " . the last bag of clothes empty fast as the line of kid reduce until there be only one SMALL boy ( sipho ) leave and only one article of clothing . a old springbok rugby practise jersey . Green and gold . sipho could use it . his clothes be more hole than anything else . he look at the springbok jersey mournfully . mrs . coleman you be a very lucky boy . it 's a real springbok practise jersey ! it 's a bit big , but it 's warm and it will last for ever ! sipho shake he head . mrs . coleman it 's yours , take it ! go on . sipho turn and leave . Mrs. coleman look at Mrs. dlamini , completely confuse . mrs . coleman why will not he take it ? mrs . dlamini if he wear it , the other will beat he up . mrs . coleman because the springbok be play so badly ? mrs . dlamini no. because , for they , the springbok still represent apartheid . CUT to : 35 . ext . eersterust conference CENTER - day eersterust be a settlement and conference location just outside pretoria . today it be the location of a full membership meeting of the National Sports Council , a anc organization that be now the govern body of all sport in South Africa . a banner drape across the conference center entrance tell we so : welcome national sport council . int . conference hall - day a nsc firebrand have the podium and the microphone . nsc firebrand ... and now for the next item on we agenda . the hall be jamme . very few white face . nsc firebrand the nsc executive propose a full membership vote on the follow motion ... a ripple of anticipation go through the delegate . nsc firebrand ... that as a prominent symbol of the apartheid era , the color , emblem and name of the springbok be eliminate immediately ... that cause a stir . the delegate understand how big this be . nsc firebrand ... and that all sport team represent South Africa shall be know forthwith as the proteas . excitement and noise level rise . the nsc firebrand have to shout through he mike . nsc firebrand ( shout ) we will submit this motion to a hand vote . ( more ) 36 . nsc firebrand ( cont would ) in the event of a close count , we will go to a write ballot . ( the moment he 's be waiting for ) all that in favor of eliminating the springbok , raise you hand . the nsc firebrand shoot he clench fist into the air . with a roar , the delegate respond , raise they fist . unanimous . the springbok be history . another angle , as one of the older delegete step outside to make a call . CUT to : int . mandela' office - day at he desk , mandela put down he phone . anger in he eye . he slam both palm down hard on he desk . CUT to : int . security office - day both bodyguard unit ( minus Jason ) be cramme into the small office . the black bodyguard murmur amongst themselves in xhosa . ( ad-lib . ) the white bodyguard talk afrikaan ( ad - lib ) . no talk between the two unit , only tension . tension break with a crash as jason slam the door OPEN . jason both unit to the car , right now . ext . union building , pretoria - day grey BMW , armored grey mercede , grey BMW in a line at the entrance . Jason , kwezi , Winston and Sam scramble out of the building and dive into the lead BMW . etienne , hendrick , George and willem dive into the trailer . 37 . int . union build hallway - day brusque , scowling , mandela march towards the exit , shadow by linga , flanke by Barbara . barbara what do I tell the japanese trade delegation ? mandela I delegate that decision to you . barbara do you want I to inform the vp ? mandela no . barbara we should at least include the Minister of Sport . mandela no . mandela head out to the car . Barbara have no choice but to follow . ext . union building , pretoria - day ever the gentleman , mandela usher Barbara into the mercede . as she get in : barbara I strongly advise against do this . especially on you own . it ... it give the impression of autocratic leadership . int . president's mercede - day mandela get in , close the door . barbara you risk alienate you cabinet and you party . mandela you advice be duly note , Barbara . 38 . barbara madiba ... the people want this . they hate the springbok . they do not want to be represent by a team they cheer against all they life . mandela yes , I know . but in this instance the people be wrong . and it be my job as they elect leader to make they see that . mandela lean forward to talk to linga . mandela can you tell the boy that madiba want to go to eersterust , very fast . linga murmur into he radio . the convoy pull out , very fast . Barbara make one last plea . barbara you be risk you political capital . you be risk you future as we leader . mandela the day I be afraid to do that be the day I be no longer fit to lead . barbara at least risk it for something more important than rugby . mandela look out the window , say nothing , angry . ext . freeway - day mandela 's convoy head away from pretoria , very fast . nsc firebrand ( v.o. ) ... and in conclude this historic conference ... 39 . int . conference hall - day nsc firebrand ... brother , sister , comrade , we in the executive applaud you diligence and courage . the nsc firebrand and the executive applaud the member . the applause spread until the hall rock . they be all very pleased with themselves . CUT to : ext . eersterust - conference hall - day mandela 's convoy roar in . mandela be the first one out , linga next . Jason and crew scramble to cover the immediate area . kwezi open the door for Barbara on the other side . mandela stride over to Jason , say something to he . Jason look surprised , turn to hendrick . linga 's customary scowl intensify . CUT to : int . conference hall - day as the applause finally begin to diminish , the nsc firebrand turn and nod to a church choir director , off to the side . the choir director bring he choir onto the stage . nsc firebrand Brothers , sister ... join we in we anthem . anyone not stand , stand . the choir director raise he hand . the choir inhale . go. choir ( singing ) nkosi sikelel ' iafrica etc ( God bless Africa ) -- but before the first line be fully sung , a assistant rush out , whisper urgently into the nsc firebrand 's ear . 40 . the firebrand 's eye bug out in surprise . he cross to the choir director , say something quickly . the choir director stop the choir in mid-chorus . consternation everywhere . what 's go on ? nsc firebrand Brothers , sister , member of the choir -- we would only interrupt such beautiful music for something truly important . in this case , for someone truly important . ( beat , milk it ) please welcome President mandela ! the place go berserk as mandela enter , with linga at he back , and -- surprise , surprise -- hendrick booyen lead the way . face stern and unsmile , mandela walk the length of the hall towards the podium . the delegate press in towards they . another angle - Jason coordinate security inside and out . lift he radio to he mouth . jason ( into radio ) smile . on hendrick , as he standard bad bastard scowl suddenly become a smile -- which scare the throng more than the scowl do . on linga , the same . another angle - Barbara enter at the back of the hall , accompany by kwezi . mandela reach the podium , turn look out over the crowd , face thunderous . when they see he anger , the crowd quieten down quickly . mandela Brothers , sister , comrade , I be here because I feel strongly that you make a decision today without sufficient information or foresight . he lecture they like a headmaster . they do not like it . 41 . mandela I be aware of you earlier vote . I be aware that it be unanimous . ( beat ) Nonetheless , I propose that we restore the springbok . restore they name , they emblem and they color , immediately . instant and complete silence in the hall . this be utterly unpopular . shock face , especially from the executive and the nsc firebrand . on barbara , as she see she worst political nightmare play out in front of she . mandela let I tell you why ... murmur of disapproval and disagreement begin to rise . mandela 's go to have to row upstream on this one . mandela ... on robben Island , in pollsmoor prison , my jailer be all afrikaner . ( beat ) for twenty seven year , I study they . I learn they language , I read they history , I read they poetry . I have to know my enemy , in order to prevail against he . ( beat ) and we prevaile , do we not ? all of we here ... we prevaile . for the first time , mandela say something the crowd like . mandela we enemy be no longer the afrikaner . they be we fellow South african , we partner in democracy . just as quickly , mandela lose they again . mandela and they treasure springbok rugby . if we take that away , we lose they . we prove that we be what they fear we would be . ( beat ) we have to be better than that . ( more ) 42 . mandela ( cont 'd ) we have to surprise they with compassion , with restraint , and generosity . the grumble and disagreement become noticeably louder . mandela yes , I know . all the thing they deny we . on hendrick , totally engross in he job , eye sweeping across the crowd , feel the tension . mandela but this be not the time to enjoy a moment 's petty revenge . this be the time to build we nation use every single brick available to we - - even if that brick come clothed in green and gold . the crowd be grow more restless and rebellious by the moment . linga be as alert as hendrick , tune in to the jumpy vibe . mandela ( angry ) you elect I . ( beat ) you elect I to be you leader . let I lead you now . ( beat ) who be with I on this ? it 's almost as if he 's dare they to go against he . mandela who be with I ? the murmure become a dull roar of argument and disagreement . on barbara as she close she eye and lower she head : this be a fiasco . CUT to : ext . eersterust conference CENTER - day as delegate spill out of the conference hall , mandela 's convoy leave as fast as it arrive . it almost look as if they be flee . 43. int . president's mercede - day silence . mandela look exhaust , almost gaunt . facing he own people like that take it out of he . Barbara stare out the window , chew she lip , totally stress out . linga heave a great sigh , exhales a truckload of stress . int . grey BMW ( lead car ) - day Jason and he crew travel in stoic silence . int . grey BMW ( trailer ) - day similar silence from etienne and crew . it seem like the silence of defeat . int . president's mercede - day barbara twelve vote . twelve ! mandela a luxury . all we need be one more yes than no . barbara what if you have not get it ? mandela well , as you know , I be a obedient party member . Barbara snort disagreement . she be angry at she boss . barbara I be sorry , madiba , but we have get problem everywhere we look . house , food , job , crime , we currency . you can not keep interrupt affair of state to placate a minority . mandela but , I must . this minority still control the army , the police , and the economy . without they , we can not address the other problem . 44 . barbara so this rugby , it 's just a political calculation ? life and energy , flood back into mandela . he sit up against he seat belt , face he Chief of staff . mandela it 's a human calculation . ( beat ) if we take away what they cherish -- the springbok , they national anthem -- we just reinforce the cycle of fear between we . on linga , in the front seat . he 's not suppose to listen -- but how could he not ? mandela I will do what I must to break this cycle . or it will destroy we . dissolve to : int . springbok dressing room - day the sound of cleat approach on concrete . exhausted footstep . the dressing room attendant put case of Beer ( can ) on a side table , rip they open , back away -- -- as the springbok enter silently , face miserable , shoulder slump . they have lose another game . one of the player grab a beer , open it , take a gigantic swig -- angry springbok this beer taste like kuk . -- hurl the beer against the wall so hard it rupture , send foam beer everywhere . on pienaar as he eye flash and he shoot to he foot . pienaar it 's not the beer . pienaar pick up a case of beer , go to the angry springbok . 45 . pienaar take another . ( beat ) everybody take a beer . this be a order . the entire team take a beer , include pienaar . pienaar a toast ... pienaar crack he beer , raise it up . they all crack and raise they beer . pienaar ... to the taste of defeat . that bewilder he team . pienaar drink it . remember it . and promise yourself never to taste it again . pienaar take one long swig -- pienaar you be right . it taste like kuk . -- toss he beer against the wall , so that it rupture . eighteen other beer rupture against the wall . the dress room be awash with beer and foam -- and re-kindle passion . as with mandela , pienaar be a leader , on a smaller scale . CUT to : int . security office - day both unit cramme into the small office . as usual , neither team talk to the other . Jason enter with two file . jason here 's the schedule for the overseas trip . Jason and the boy look over one , etienne and he unit look over the other -- and discuss it amongst themselves in afrikaan . hendrick say something point , which resonate with the other . 46 . linga what do he just say ? hendrick I say -- etienne he ask when we be suppose to sleep . hendrick as well as other basic human function . jason hey . if madiba can do it , we can do it . CUT to : int . UNITED nation general assembly - day mandela address the General Assembly , thanking they for they support in the fight against apartheid . mandela the million of we people say thank you , and thank you again . linga and hendrick be he close bodyguard . CUT to : int . white house - south lawn - day mandela address diplomat , member of Congress , black leader at a make - for - tv ceremony on the South lawn . mandela I have come here with a message . people of the unite States of America : open you market to we . people of the United States of american : come and invest in we country . linga , Jason , etienne and hendrick be in on this one -- a little island of South african in a sea of U.S. secret service protection . CUT to : 47 . ext . buckingham palace - day we be in a courtyard behind the palace . drawn by four white horse , a royal carriage ( a open carriage ) pull up , stop . the courtyard quickly fill with livery footmen , then security guard . queen elisabeth and mandela emerge from the palace . footmen open door on both side of the carriage . the Queen and mandela climb in ( the Queen on the right hand side ) . when they sit down next to each other , mandela lean over and say something to the Queen that make she giggle ... ... almost . for queen do not giggle . the carriage pull forward and this two human icon sit up straight , as they get set to face the world . tv announcer ( v.o. ) ... and in London , President mandela make quite a impression on the Queen -- CUT to : int . pienaar parent house - night on tv : footage of mandela with the Queen , riding down the mall wave to ecstatic crowd . tv announcer -- as he conclude a gruell trip to -- Mr. pienaar mute the tv , so that he can deliver the latest one - liner to Mrs. pienaar . mr. pienaar in related news , it be announce that President mandela will be visit South Africa this week . Mrs. pienaar laugh . in the background , in the kitchen , a plump , middle - age tswana woman wash the dish and keep a eye on the tv . this be eunice , the pienaar 's may . 48 . she do not find Mr. pienaar 's joke amusing . CUT to : ext . johannesburg airport - night the president's jet taxi towards the familiar BMW , mercede , BMW convoy . CUT to : mandela disembark , very slowly . he be exhaust , he foot be swollen , he knee hurt . this be a very different man than the one we have just see woo the world . he be meet at the bottom of the stair by hendrick . hendrick it 's good to be home , sir . mandela just nod . too tired to talk . hendrick escort mandela to the mercede , open the door for he . mandela take a step towards the open door -- and stagger . reflexively , hendrick reach out , steady he . mandela I be fine . mandela step out of hendrick 's hand , hold onto the open door . mandela travel the world , begging for money , be very tiring . mandela reach into he jacket , pull a SMALL package out , hand it to hendrick . mandela this be for you . mandela slide into the car . once the door be close , hendrick glance at the package . we do not see it . it be too dark . but we do see that hendrick be amaze by it . CUT to : 49 . int . grey BMW - night hendrick be be drive home through the highveld night . he chew on something really sticky , chewy . he pause to dislodge some of it from a tooth , before it pull out a fill . then , he resume chew . dissolve to : int . mandela' bedroom - night on the bedside table , the clock click from 4:59 to 5:00 . mandela 's eye open in the dark ... close for a second ... then shoot open again . it take everything mandela have to sit up and switch on the light . CUT to : ext . mandela' house - night the bodyguard ' BMW 's flank the gate . as the gate open -- -- linga get out of one BMW , hendrick get out of the other . they be alert . it be freezing cold . bundle up against the cold , mandela emerge through the gate and they close in on he . it be clear that he be push himself , physically . linga ( traditional xhosa greet ) I see you , father . mandela Morning boy . hendrick Morning , sir . they keep move . it be too cold for anything else . mandela how be you family , hendrick ? 50 . hendrick top shape , sir . how about yours ? mandela 's smile become fix on he face . mandela I have a very big family . 42 million people . then , he stop , turn , head back towards the house . mandela I do not think I want to walk today . hendrick realize that he blunder , somehow . he shoot a anxious glance at linga -- who look at he as if he would just commit blasphemy . mandela go through the open gate without a word . the gate close behind he , leave linga and hendrick to watch he through iron bar . linga turn on hendrick . linga we never ask he about he family . hendrick but he ask about ours all the time . linga think about it , man . he 's separate from he wife . his child ... how often do you see they here ? ( beat ) he 's not a saint , okay . he 's a man , with a man 's problem -- and he do not need we remind he about they . linga head back to he BMW . hendrick stand at the gate , look in at the house . CUT to : int . mandela' house - dawn mandela shave , avoid he own gaze . CUT to : 51 . shave , shower and dress , mandela descend the stair , sit down to breakfast by himself at the big table . he look at the newspaper headline , which talk about crime rising , the rand falling , the mandela honeymoon over etc. etc . like any other man , mandela turn to the sport section for relief -- and finally find something to smile about . on the newspaper : springbok coach and manager axed . pienaar stays on as captain . there be a picture of pienaar . mandela react to it , pleased . CUT to : int . mandela' office - day as a cabinet minister and her entourage leave , Barbara enter , hold a envelope . mandela hello Barbara . I like that dress . barbara thank you madiba . ( offering envelope ) this be for you . mandela ( taking envelope ) what be it ? barbara you pay check . you have not be collect they . mandela open the envelope , look at a check -- and grunt . barbara what 's wrong ? mandela this be terrible . barbara madiba , it 's what De klerk get . plus a increase for inflation . but , mandela shake he head , outrage . 52 . tv announcer ( v.o. ) today , President mandela announce that , in he opinion -- CUT to : int . pienaar parent house - night tv announcer ( on tv throughout ) -- he salary be too high . pienaar and nerine watch the news with mr . and mrs pienaar . mr. pienaar Dead right . they be all overpaid . in the background , once again , Eunice wash the dish and keep a eye on the tv . tv announcer he have therefore decide to donate a third of he monthly income to charity . mr. pienaar give I the house and car they give he and I will donate a third of my salary too . francois ' cell phone ring . pienaar ( to Mr. pienaar ) you would not . not in a million year . pienaar ( answering phone ) hallo , pienaar . whatever pienaar hear on the phone send he out of the room in a hurry . pienaar ( into phone ) hang on a moment , please . tv announcer President mandela say that he wish to set a example to other leader and cabinet minister . 53. mr. pienaar fat chance . they be lining they pocket as fast as they can . nerine be interested in the call that send pienaar hurry out of the room . Mr. pienaar mute the tv . mr. pienaar must be he girlfriend , hey nerine . nerine he know I would bloody kill he . on eunice , as eye and ear alive , she finish in the kitchen . pienaar come back , stand in the doorway , a stunne expression on he face . nerine what ? who be it ? pienaar do not answer immediately . mr. pienaar told you . it be he girlfriend . mrs . pienaar shush ! pienaar I have be invite to tea . nerine who with ? pienaar the President . mr. pienaar the President of sa rugby ? Count you finger after he shake you hand . pienaar point at the mute tv . pienaar the President . on the tv : footage of mandela with a group of saudi prince . Eunice turn and look at francois , wide - eye . 54 . the pienaar family all stare at the tv , stunne . pienaar he want I over for tea , week after next . Eunice pick up she handbag , put on she coat and head for the door , stop when she reach pienaar . eunice Mr. francois -- you must tell madiba that the bus service be very bad , and too expensive . he must please fix it . ( leaving ) good night everybody . mrs . pienaar good night Eunice , thank you . all eye on pienaar . mr. pienaar what the hell do he want with you ? pienaar shake he head -- he have no idea . dissolve to : ext . union building , pretoria - day nerine 's modest little car head towards the seat of power . int . nerinexs car - day nerine drive . pienaar wear a blue blazer , grey slack and subdued tie -- and be surprisingly nervous . nerine francois , relax . you have meet he before . pienaar I shook he hand on the rugby field , that 's all . nerine you do not even vote for he . 55 . pienaar he 's still the President . ( confessing ) he 's have dinner with the Queen . with president and movie star . all I do be play rugby . what if I pull something stupid in front of he ? nerine stop to let pienaar out . give he a kiss , straighten he hair . nerine you will not . I will pick you up right here . ext . union building , pretoria - day pienaar climb out of nerine 's car . a pretty sizeable knot of journalist rush towards he . pienaar take a deep breath . he be a bundle of nerve . CUT to : int . security office - day small office pack with big man . etienne see who 's come for tea ? hendrick my nephew want I to get he autograph . linga who ? etienne francois pienaar . jason who want to escort he in ? hendrick bolt for the door . hendrick I will . 56 . jason no autograph . hendrick ( insult ) I know how to do my job , okay . hendrick leave . linga who 's this pienaar ? etienne you can not be serious ? he 's the captain of the springbok . linga shrug , provocatively indifferent . linga I like soccer , myself . etienne well , you know what they say about soccer -- it 's gentleman 's game play by hooligan . one the other hand , rugby be a hooligan 's game play by -- linga ja , ja , I have hear it before . it be not funny the first time . not exactly violin music and rose ... but they be talk to each other . int . union build hallway - day hendrick escort pienaar back towards mandela 's office . hendrick be the bigger man . pienaar can I ask you a question , Lieutenant ? hendrick ja , of course . pienaar what 's he like ? they pause at the office door . hendrick ponder that question for a moment , then : 57 . hendrick when I work for the previous President , it be my job to be invisible . hendrick open the door . hendrick this President ... he find out I like English toffee and bring I some back , from he visit to the Queen . hendrick usher pienaar into mandela 's office . hendrick to he , nobody be invisible . int . mandela' office - day hendrick gesture to the wait area . hendrick that 's where you wait . one of he assistant will come for you . ( pointing ) there 's a bathroom over there , if you need it . pienaar okay . thanks . hendrick turn to leave , hesitates , turn back . hendrick what be we chance in the World Cup ? I mean , for real . pienaar we will do we best . that , I can guarantee . hendrick nod solemnly , head back to security . pienaar head straight for the bathroom . int . security office - day hendrick enter . etienne and the other white bodyguard look up . 58 . hendrick well , he 's not as big as he look on tv . ( beat ) and we do not stand a bloody chance in the World Cup . int . union build bathroom - day pienaar wash he hand , dry they , dry they again , comb he hair , look at himself in the mirror , adjust he blazer . int . mandela' office - day pienaar return to the wait area , sit . there be a clock on the wall . one minute to four . four japanese trade official traipse out , have just meet mandela . the second hand journey up to vertical . when it hit 4 o'clock exactly -- -- Mary walk into the wait area . mary Mr. pienaar ? pienaar shoot to he foot . mary this way , please . Mary lead pienaar back to mandela 's own office , knock , open the door . mary go on in . mouth dry , pienaar nod -- -- and enter the inner sanctum . int . mandela' office - day mandela leap up from behind he desk , cross the room to meet pienaar . 59 . mandela francois , what a honor . I be so excited . they shake hand . mandela thank you for come all this way to see I . pienaar gulp like a fish out of water . pienaar yes , sir . no problem . thank you for invite I . mandela tell I . how 's you ankle ? pienaar my ankle ? mandela I be tell you would hurt it . have it heal ? pienaar relax , visibly . this be small talk he can handle . this be mandela 's gift . pienaar the truth be , sir , you never play at a hundred percent , no matter what . mandela yes ... yes . in sport , and in life . come . sit. please . ( indicate a chair ) take this one . look into the light hurt my eye . they sit in the chair . a knock at the door , and mrs . brit the old afrikaner tea lady enter , carry a laden tea tray . mandela stand again , immediately . mandela ah , Mrs. brit -- pienaar stand just a beat slower . 60 . mandela -- you be a shine light in my day . mrs . brit yes sir . eye twinkle , Mrs. brit put the tea tray down on the coffee table in front of they . the finest china , cookie on a plate . mandela Mrs. brit , this be francois pienaar . he 's the captain of the springbok . mandela clearly expect pienaar to shake hand with Mrs. brit . pienaar hold out he hand -- pienaar ( afrikaan greet ) aangename kennis , mevrou brit . -- gently shake hers . mrs . brit ek ook , meneer . ( to mandela ) shall I pour , sir ? mandela no thank you , I think I would like to . Mrs. brit leave . mandela do not sit until the door close behind she . pienaar only sit after he do . mandela 's manners would not be out of place in victorian England . mandela how do you take you tea , francois ? pienaar milk and sugar , please . mandela pour tea for both of they . on pienaar , as , just for a moment , he realize that here he be , with the President pour he a cup of tea . 61 . mandela the English have give we many thing , include rugby , but afternoon tea be one of the great . mandela hand pienaar the tea cup . pienaar thank you , sir . both man have big hand . Fine china dwarf and threaten . in the exact moment that both they hand hold the same saucer , mandela look pienaar in the eye . mandela you have a very difficult job . pienaar I do ? I sell gas braais . mandela let go and pienaar take the tea . mandela Captain of the springbok . a very difficult job . pienaar not compare to yours , sir . mandela ah , but then nobody be try to tear my head off while I be do mine . pienaar grin . true . mandela it be not so difficult to get people to do they best . and I imagine that anybody who play for they country do they best , almost automatically . pienaar or they would not be choose in the first place . mandela yes . but to get people to be better than that ? ( more ) 62 . mandela ( cont 'd ) better than they think they can be ? now , that be difficult , I find . pienaar yes sir , it be . mandela how do we do that ? by example ? to a extent . but there be more to it than that ... ( search for the right word ) ... inspiration , perhaps . pienaar be engross . this be a master lesson on leadership , from a master . mandela how do we inspire ourselves to greatness , when nothing less will do ? how do we inspire everyone around we ? ( beat ) sometimes , I think , by use the work of other . Long pause . pienaar know to keep quiet . mandela on robben Island , when thing be very hard , I find inspiration in a poem . pienaar a poem ? mandela a victorian poem . just word . but they help I to stand when all I want be to lie down -- ( suddenly dismissive ) but you do not come all this way to hear a old man talk about thing that make no sense . pienaar no ! they make a lot of sense , sir . ( beat ) on the day of a big match , say a test , in the bus on the way to the stadium , nobody talk . 63. mandela yes ... yes . everybody be prepare . pienaar when I think we be ready , I have the bus driver put on a song I have choose ; a theme song . one we all know . we listen together and ... it help . mandela yes ! I remember when I be a guest at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona . the whole stadium welcome I with a song . ( beat ) at the time the future -- we future -- seem very bleak . but to hear that song , in voice from all over we planet ... it make I very proud to be South African . it help I to come home and do better . it allow I to expect more of myself . a beat . pienaar May I ask what the song be , sir ? mandela well , it be nkosi sikelel ' iafrika . a very inspiring song . mandela look into pienaar 's eye . mandela we need inspiration , francois . Brown African eye , blue African eye meet over they cup of tea . mandela because , in order to build we nation , we all need to exceed we own expectation . something pass between they . whatever it be have a profound impact on pienaar . 64 . pienaar yes , sir . we probably do . CUT to : cameras click and whirr as mandela and pienaar shake hand for the press . ( note that there be no flash . ) CUT to : int . union build hallway - day pienaar walk away from the President 's office , still processing he meeting with mandela . he seem a little stunne and mystify . something profound just happen -- but he 's not quite sure what . ext . union building , pretoria - day when pienaar step outside and see all of pretoria -- all of South Africa -- stretch away below he , he pause . he look at he country in a new way . a beep beep from nerine 's car interrupt he reverie , as she pull up at the bottom of the stair . int . nerinexs car - day nerine drive pienaar away . pienaar turn , look back at the Union building . nerine so ...? pienaar hm ? nerine what 's he like ? pienaar he 's ... ( beat ) ... he 's not like anyone I have ever meet before . a unsatisfy answer . nerine wait for more . but , she be not go to get it without pry it out of pienaar . 65 . nerine well ? what do he want ? this be the question pienaar be wrestle with , too . he think it over for long enough to drive nerine crazy . nerine ag , come on francois . it 's like talk to a bloody brick wall . what do he want ? pienaar turn in he seat , look at she as realization come clear in he ... pienaar I think ... ( beat ) I think he want we to win the World Cup . dissolve to : int . mandela' house - day a framed photo of mandela squaring off against muhammad ali look down -- -- on mandela , who be surround by he grandchildren in the live room . mandela like the baby . there parent , shoo and shepherd the kid , keep they on they best behavior -- -- for the photographer shoot this family gather . see the photographer make this feel stage . mandela look past the photographer , see he daughter zindzi glance in from the doorway , and then move on . mandela Excuse I . mandela disentangle the baby , stand , leave . CUT to : in the dine room , Zindzi look down at a big front page photo of mandela and pienaar shaking hand . she be a modern , cosmopolitan young woman . when mandela enter , Zindzi look up from the newspaper with a very mandela - like grunt . 66 . mandela what do you think ? zindzi it do not matter what I think . mandela yes , it do . zindzi ( defiant ) okay . I think he look like one of the policeman who force we out of we house when you be in jail . I do not like see you shake he hand . and I be not the only one . mandela overreact . mandela you criticize without understanding . you seek only to address you own feeling . this be selfish think . it do not serve the nation . Zindzi shake she head , turn , leave . mandela wait . please . I -- mandela want to apologize , do not know how . instead , he pull a envelope out of he pocket , hold it out . mandela will you give this to you mother . zindzi what be it ? mandela a bracelet . Zindzi look into the envelope . in it be the bead bracelet , from earlier , from the bathroom . zindzi just throw it away . mandela I do not have the right to . it 's not mine . 67 . zindzi if she leave it here , she mean to throw it away . only child know how to twist the dagger so deftly . mandela turn away so that he daughter can not see he eye . a man so at ease with stranger do not know how to talk to he own family . CUT to : int . pienaar parent house - day the same newspaper photo of mandela and pienaar that Zindzi be look at -- only , this time , someone be cut it out , very carefully . Eunice . Mr. pienaar enter to get something from the fridge , see what Eunice be do . Eunice stop cut . Mr. pienaar look down at the photo for a long moment . he do not know how to react to it . eunice Mrs. pienaar say you be finish with the paper . mr. pienaar ja . of course . Mr. pienaar leave . Eunice keep cut until the photo can be lift up . she nod , proud . over , a whistle blows , sharply . CUT to : ext . springbok training facility - day on a practise field at this world - class facility , the springbok squad ( about 30 guy ) sprint to the 25 m line , drop , begin 20 explosive push-up . note , also , that at least half of the player who face the british lion earlier be go . ) 68 . minister of sport ( v.o. ) the World Cup be play every four year . sixteen team qualify from around the world . CUT to : int . mandela' office - day the minister of sport brief mandela on the World Cup , with the help of a big diagram on a easel ( just like a March madness bracket layout , show all the team . ) the Minister look rag , exhaust . minister of sport four pool of four team each , play in nine different venue around the country . two team will advance from each pool to the quarter final . mandela study the diagram . he love this stuff . mandela the ivory Coast qualified . this be wonderful . ( for the record , the sixteen team who qualified be : South Africa , New Zealand , Australia , England , Scotland , Ireland , Wale , Canada , Romania , Italy , France , Japan , West Samoa , Argentina , tonga and ivory Coast . ) CUT to : ext . springbok training facility - day the springbok squad leap up after the push-up , sprint to the 50 m line , drop , begin 20 rapid crunch -- -- under the critical eye of the new coach and manager . CUT to : int . mandela' office - day minister of sport Australia win the previous World cup. New Zealand win the one before that . ( more ) 69 . minister of sport ( cont would ) they be both clear favorite to reach the final this time . ( beat ) accord to the expert , we will reach the quarter final , and no further . mandela accord to the expert , you and I be still suppose to be in jail . that bring a grin from the Minister of Sport . CUT to : ext . springbok training facility - day the coach blow he whistle . coach again ! on pienaar , as he leap to he foot , lead the charge back to the 25 m line . CUT to : int . mandela' office - day minister of sport you make a personal appearance at the final , and at the open match between the springbok and Australia . ( beat ) the final will be broadcast to over a billion people around the world , live . mandela a billion people watch we ! ( wheel turn in he head ) yes ... yes . this be a great opportunity . CUT to : 70 . ext . springbok training facility - day hand on they knee , suck air , retching , the squad have work they way down the full length of the field . springbok manager I reckon you have knock the stuff out of they today . coach I have not even begin . ( beat ) we may not be the most talented team in the world -- but we be go to be the fittest . he blow he whistle . coach and back ! the squad can not believe they ear . no one move . except pienaar . pienaar come on boy , let 's show he . stagger more than sprinting , pienaar head towards the 25 m line . springbok flank shit , what 's pienaar be eat ? but , they follow he . CUT to : int . mandela' office - day alone in he office , mandela look at the World Cup diagram , for a moment , then pick up he phone . mandela ( into phone ) please call the head of South African rugby for I . CUT to : 71 . int . dressing room - day thirty completely wipe - out athlete . some be too tired to shower , some have make it that far , but be too tired to change . pienaar have shower and change and slump next to he locker . the springbok manager enter , follow by the rugby president . pienaar and the boy drag themselves upright . the rugby President look they over as if they be he very own stable of race horse -- a stable he 's not entirely sure he like . rugby president afternoon man . it 's good to see you work so hard . I have a short announcement . ( beat ) as part of the pr buildup to the World Cup , you will be conduct coach clinic in township all over the country . the player greet this announcement with complete silence . rugby president I know you have plenty on you plate already -- but this be a request that come from the top . ( look at pienaar , pointedly ) the very top . the rugby President turn on he heel , and leave , follow by the manager . the player say nothing for a long moment , but body language alone show that they be completely disgust . springbok hooker this be complete crap . springbok flank be we some kind of circus act now ? 72 . springbok lock we do not have time for kuk like this . the boy be get angrier by the second . springbok lock they expect we to play we best , to give we bloody all , then they add to we bloody workload ... the lock turn to Chester . springbok lock what do you think about this , Chester ? all eye on Chester , as if the poor guy be a magic guide to a world they barely understand . chester william I try not to think . it interfere with my rugby . the perfect answer for this guy . springbok lock see ! now there 's a rugby player . talk to they francois . springbok wing make they see that this be a waste of time we do not have . all eye on they Captain -- who shake he head , no . pienaar I be not go to talk to they . springbok flank why not ? pienaar whether we like it or not , we be more than just a rugby team . we be ... we be ambassador inside we own country . and we might as well get use to it . silence . rebellious silence . then : springbok lock be this you speak , or mandela ? 73. pienaar 's eye be fierce . he need they to see how serious he be . pienaar you know I better than that . ( beat ) Times change . we need to change , too . it be clear that much of he team disagree with he . dissolve to : int . mandela' office - night close - up on a tv -- horrible , startling image of the oklahoma CITY bombing . tv announcer ( on tv ) we be look at the remain of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City , America , which be destroy today in a massive explosion . pull back to reveal that we be in mandela 's office . Barbara , Mary , other assistant look on . so do the bodyguard . all face stunne , appal . mandela approach slowly from he office , draw in by the horrible , irresistible image . he stand behind he people . tv announcer no one have claim responsibility yet , but authority say that the timing and target mark this as the work of white , right - wing fanatics . a act of revenge for the FBI killing in waco , Texas . Jason and linga share a point look . South Africa be a global leader in white , right - wing fanatics . tv announcer the explosive , a truck bomb , be apparently a simple mixture of commonly available industrial and agricultural material . jason ( to linga ) that 's all we need . ( more ) 74 . jason ( cont 'd ) a homemade explosive from material every boer already have . then , Jason realize that mandela be stand right next to he . tv announcer so far , the official death toll stand at over a 100 people , which include at least 12 child from a day care center in the Federal building . mandela turn to Barbara . mandela please call President Clinton for I . I wish to offer he we condolence . mandela turn to Jason , eye deep and dark . mandela do you see why forgiveness be essential , Jason ? ( beat ) revenge only beget revenge . as mandela walk back to he office , there be a look of utter sorrow on he face . dissolve to : ext . freeway - day a luxury bus head along the freeway . int . luxury bus - day the springbok squad ride in style . most be wear tracksuit , most be asleep . pienaar be awake . CUT to : ext . TOWNSHIP - day the same township where sipho reject the springbok rugby jersey . at one edge we find what pass for a soccer field . just a litter rectangular expanse of highveld winter dirt . 75 . tv van and a very nervous springbok management crew drive to the edge of the field , stop , get out -- -- and be immediately mobbed by threadbare , excite kide , many of they begging for cash and candy . sipho in the thick of thing . one of the springbok management crew pull a rolled banner on two spike pole out of they van . mallet and banner in hand , the management crew head to the edge of the field , mobbed by shouting , whistling township kid . they hammer one pole into the ground , unroll the banner ( see from the back so that we can not read the word ) , get set to hammer the second pole into the ground -- -- except that there be a smashed Beer bottle in the way . Broken glass everywhere . they look at the break glass , then turn and look across the field . Broken glass glint in the low sun , all over the field . springbok management crew #1 they can not play on this . springbok management crew #2 when be they due ? springbok management crew #1 Fifteen minute . springbok management crew #2 plenty of time . he reach into he wallet , pull out a r100 note ( about $ 17 ) , hold it up high . the kid yell for it . springbok management crew #2 this goe to whoever collect the most glass ! mayhem , as kid sprint out across the field , hunt for glass . sipho go for the tiniest , most treacherous shard . CUT to : 76 . int . luxury bus - day the bus hit a rut in the dirt road with a almighty jolt , which wake the sleep springbok . they look out of the window and see the absolutely hellish outskirt of the township . every possible incarnation of poverty , as far as the eye can see . this shock they . most of they have never be anywhere like this township . springbok lock shit , I be glad I do not live here . ext . TOWNSHIP - day the driver sound the horn , as they pull into the township . int . luxury bus - day the bus pull up at the field -- ext . TOWNSHIP - day -- which be cover with kid on they hand and knee . int . luxury bus - day springbok hooker what the hell be they do ? the driver sound the horn again , and the kid on the field sprint for the bus , hand and pocket full of break glass . pienaar do not forget , we have get tv camera on we at all time . springbok lock ( muttering ) what a bloody joke . ext . TOWNSHIP - day as the kid approach the bus , they dump they break glass under the banner , which read -- 77 . one team , one country -- brown , green , white , blue shard tinkling and pile up , like lethal jewel , backlit in the low winter sun . one of the big kid get the r100 . attention focuss on that -- -- until the bus door open with a loud hiss of hydraulics and the springbok exit , one by one . pienaar first , with a huge net bag of practise ball over he shoulder . the springbok be all so big , so strong , so healthy , they look like god , or alien , emerge from a spaceship . the kid go quiet , awed and uncomfortable . until Chester Williams step off the bus , and there be a collective sigh of recognition and wonder . now , the kid can relate to the springbok . even sipho , who look on from the side of the field . springbok management note it . the tv crew note it . pienaar note it . pienaar okay Chester -- I reckon you be up . chester william ( panicking ) what be I suppose to do ? pienaar what you do best . pienaar turn to the throng . pienaar who want to play rugby ? a roar . they all do . pienaar open the net bag full of rugby ball , give a ball to Chester . pienaar let rip . 78 . Chester boot the ball out over the crowd , high and incredibly far in the thin winter air . ( 60 yard , easily . ) pienaar toss ball to the other . pienaar let 's do we best . one after another , the springbok kick the ball high into the air . pienaar go get they ! the kid go after they . sipho stay on the sideline . begin rugby clinic montage barely control chaos . each springbok work with one ball and a group of kid . there be three theme to this montage . first , a primer on the basic rule of rugby , with demonstration . springbok hooker who here know the first rule of rugby ? TOWNSHIP kid I ! springbok hooker what be it ? TOWNSHIP kid only hit the other player when the ref be not look ! laughter . a good ice-breaker . pienaar no . the first rule of rugby be you can only pass the ball backwards or sideways . pienaar demonstrate . ( note : all the rule be demonstrate . ) various springbok - if you drop the ball , or pass it forward , you scrum for possession . - this be a scrum . - you kick forward . ( more ) 79 . various springbok ( cont would ) if you kick it out of bound , you throw it back in to a lineout . - this be a lineout . - you score in four way : a try , when you dot the ball down behind the try line . that 's five point . - another two point when you convert the try by kick the ball through the upright . - Three point for a penalty kick . - Three point for a drop kick . - have you get all that ? kide no ! springbok hooker agh , bugger it , let 's just run and pass . whoever drop the ball do pushup ! second , as the player work with the kid , they get into it . much to they own surprise , they enjoy the energy , they enjoy the kid , they enjoy the give . even the grumpiest , most conservative springbok . springbok lock okay . who want to scrum against I ? one huge man scrum against a horde of kid . he push they backwards with a roar -- then let they push he backwards . they love it , the camera love it . the third theme show the emergence of Chester Williams as the face of the springbok . the crowd of kid around he be twice as big as any other player 's crew . give Chester 's basically shy nature , he find it all a bit overwhelming . the tv camera follow he even more closely than they follow pienaar . at one point , a errant pass put a rugby ball right at sipho 's foot . he hesitates , then pick it up . he do not just hold it , he feel it . end the montage as the luxury bus pull away , surround by a horde of cheer kid , many of whom hold new rugby ball under they arm . one blast on the horn , one answer cheer from the kid and the bus slowly accelerate away . CUT to : 80 . int . union build conference room - evening a cabinet meeting in the rainbow nation , with mandela at the head of the table . the minister of the environment be make a presentation about a campaign to put a end to littering by plastic bag . behind he be a very dramatic slide image of a rural barb wire fence festoon with wind - blow plastic bag . minister of the environment -- and in addition to the nationwide pr campaign , we propose that all retail outlet charge a nominal fee for plastic bag -- Mary enter quietly , slip a piece of paper in front of mandela , who read it , hold up he hand . mandela Mr. Minister , please forgive I . this sound excellent , and we will return to it , but if you will indulge I for just one minute -- mandela nod to Mary , who switch on a big tv on the wall -- which show news footage of the coaching clinic in the township . when we see the footage of the lock scrumming with the kide , mandela laugh , delighted , turn to he cabinet . mandela you see , that picture be worth any number of speech . CUT to : int . pienaar parent house - night Mr. and Mrs. pienaar watch the same report on tv . Mr. pienaar have quite a different reaction to mandela 's . mr. pienaar tell I something -- how do this help they win rugby match ? dissolve to : 81 . ext . cape town - aerial view - day establishing shot from the air of cape town , one of the most beautiful city in the world . we see the cape Peninsula , the harbor , the city itself drape around the shoulder of table Mountain like a multi-color Mediterranean shawl . on its descent towards cape town airport , a south african airways jet fly across the view with the smile face of Chester Williams paint on the fuselage . boland botha ( v.o. ) this be boland botha come to you live from cape town airport -- ext . cape town airport - day from a position near a idling luxury bus , boland speak into he mike . boland botha -- where the springbok flight have just land . CUT to : on the apron , the team disembark . the boy be dress in springbok blazer , slack and tie . a magnificent sight . gladiator in top shape , face appropriately stern . int . cape town airport - day people -- white people -- clap and cheer as the team enter the building . boland botha ( v.o. ) the green and gold have one week to put the finish touch to they gruell training program -- the team feed on the energy . they walk taller , faster , closer together . boland botha ( v.o. ) -- and I , for one , have to admit to be cautiously excited . 82. ext . cape town airport - day on boland botha , next to the bus . boland botha ( into mike ) I say cautiously , because in my humble opinion -- behind boland , the springbok get into the bus , fast . boland botha -- this team have be over - train on the field , and over - commit off it . CUT to : int . mandela' cape town house - day a beautiful cape dutch style mansion . mandela stand in he home office , watch boland on tv . the minister of sport be with he . boland botha ( on tv ) which make beat a powerhouse Australian side in the Cup opener next week a tall order , especially since this be a inexperienced team with a history of come up short in big match . this be boland botha -- mandela switch off the tv . mandela around the world -- objectively -- what be they say about we chance against Australia ? minister of sport everyone think they will beat we . and if they do , we will have to go through England and the all black just to get to the final . mandela so it be very important that we beat Australia . ( to Minister of Sport ) thank you . 83. the Minister leave . alone in he office , mandela sit , think , get a sheet of paper with he personal letterhead on it , uncap he fountain pen . over mandela' shoulder , we see he write , and then underline , the title invictus by w.e. Henley . barbara knock , poke she head in . barbara the cabinet minister be here to brief you on the trip to Taiwan . mandela I will be right out . from memory , mandela write the first line of the poem : out of the night that cover I ... CUT to : ext . newland - day the luxury bus come around a bend in a leafy suburb of cape town , right under the flank of table Mountain . ahead , we see newland stadium , home of the World Cup opener between the springbok and Australia . a magnificent old stadium in a beautiful set . int . luxury bus - day all eye on the stadium as the bus idle past , very slowly . this be a coach move . coach one week , boy . excite face become grave , serious . the bus go quiet . coach nod to himself , pleased . ext . newland stadium - day the bus pull away . 84 . we stay at newland stadium -- and swoop upward until we be look down on the stadium and surround street . this aerial shot become a big map -- int . newland stadium - security CENTER - day -- pin to a board in the security center . jason we need sniper on top of the stadium and this surround building . Jason lead the meeting . he use a old - fashioned pointer . all of mandela 's security detail present , plus local cop brass . local cop not a problem . jason we want this two approach completely sanitize . local cop two approach ? jason we be not go to decide which way we bring he in until the very last moment . ( beat ) we need uniform , plain clothes , sharp - shooter ... linga and sniffer dog . jason yes . no truck bomb , no Oklahoma City . the local stir , share a look . this be go to be a nightmare . jason we have get a army unit on standby at silvermine , if you need more man . not a option the cop favor , judge by they face . 85 . jason we be not take any chance , okay . the President 's go to be very expose . ( beat ) much too expose . CUT to : int . president's mercede - day the silver mercede tool into cape town past groote schuur . mandela travel with Barbara , who open she first file of the journey -- but be forestalled by she boss . mandela Barbara , I have be study . barbara for the summit in Taiwan ? good . mandela no . not exactly . mandela hand Barbara a fold sport section . mandela test I . Barbara unfold the sport section -- -- to reveal color photograph of the springbok squad . a collector 's pull -out . Barbara look at the photo , shake she head . barbara they look like thug . mandela just smile at that remark . mandela block out the name . see if I can recognize they . Barbara give she boss a put-upon look -- this be such a waste of time ! -- but block out the first row of name . mandela point at the first photo . mandela Andre joubert . ( next photo ) ( more ) 86 . mandela ( cont 'd ) gavin Johnson . ( beat ) do I get they right ? barbara yes , madiba . mandela ( immensely pleased with himself ) this be how I use to study in law school . ( next photo be of Chester ) unfortunately , Chester be far too easy to identify . but that will change . it must . CUT to : ext . cape town street - evening the entire springbok squad have be on a training run through cape town , on ordinary street , through ordinary people . ( this be unthinkable in top -level sport anywhere else . it really happen . ) when they be recognize , driver toot they horn , pedestrian cheer , kid on bicycle ride with they ( mostly still white ) . as they approach the hotel grounds , pienaar surge to the front , so that he can give they a message as they pass through the hotel gate . pienaar player - only meeting in the team room after dinner . int . springbok team room - cape town HOTEL - night normally a conference room , now equip with fridge , pool table , ping pong , sofa , tv etc . the entire team have assemble , minus pienaar . a quiet air . serious , relaxed . pienaar enter , hold a sheaf of xeroxed page , begin to hand they out . springbok hooker what 's this ? homework ? 87 . pienaar sort of . the player look down at the page . on a page : the word to nkosi sikelel ' iafrika , in xhosa . one by one , the player look from the page to pienaar . springbok wing cappie ? what 's this ? pienaar we need to learn it . we can not just mouth the word anymore . springbok hooker nobody care , as long as we win match . pienaar they do care . springbok lock it 's they song , not ours . springbok wing it 's a terrorist song . springbok prop they use to arrest you for sing it . pienaar and now it 's one of we anthem . but he 's talk to a deeply conservative group of guy . springbok hooker cap . you know I leave my gut on the field for you , and you know I would follow you into a fight anywhere , any time . but this ... the hooker crumple the page , be about to throw it away . springbok hooker ... I can not even read it . I definitely can not pronounce the word . one look at he man , and pienaar know he have hit a wall . 88. pienaar okay , boy . it 's optional . take it if you want to . the player be relieved . pienaar look down at the sheet of paper for a moment , then look up at the guy . pienaar it mean " God bless Africa " . ( beat ) which you have to admit , we could use . Nonetheless , most of the player crumple the page , toss they into the close trash can . CUT to : int . tv studio boland botha tell we , Mr. President , have you always be a rugby fan ? mandela appear with boland botha on he show , under a one team , one nation banner . mandela people do not realize that I once play rugby myself , when I be a student at Fort Hare . it be a very rough game . almost as rough as politics . boland laugh . begin boland botha / mandela interview sequence shot of booze be deliver to people 's house all over the country by bottle store delivery van ( a very South African alcoholic enable service ) . lot and lot of booze . boland botha ( v.o. ) how do you think the springbok will do ? mandela ( v.o. ) I think they will do very well . they level of commitment be tremendous . 89 . the springbok train on a isolate field at the silvermine army base outside cape town . tactic and refinement , not fitness training . boland botha ( v.o. ) now , it 's be say that you use to support any team who play against the springbok . mandela ( v.o. ) obviously , that be no longer true . I be one hundred percent behind we boy . jason , etienne , linga and hendrick stand anxiously outside newland Stadium . one of they point to the top of a tall building nearby -- a Eureka ! moment , for reason we do not yet understand . back to the studio : mandela after all , if I can not change when circumstance demand it , how can I ask other to ? end boland botha / mandela interview sequence ext . cape town - day a south african defense force helicopter hover over the tall building next to newland stadium . int . sadf helicopter - day in the helicopter , mandela , Jason , linga , all wear radio headsets . all wear suit , as if for a state occasion . jason ( on radio ) we be go to land you on top of that building . we will own the road between it and the stadium . mandela like it . Jason give the pilot a nod and they take off down the peninsula towards silvermine Army base . from the helicopter , mandela look down at he country , and find it good . 90 . ext . cape - day helicopter against spectacular scenery . int . sadf helicopter - day mandela point down . Jason and linga look . Pov from the AIR : they can see the springbok practise right below they , on the army base . mandela pull out the sport section with the springbok team on it . his study guide . he take a last minute glance at it as the helicopter lose altitude . ext . silvermine army base - rugby field - day mandela 's helicopter land at the edge of the field , and bring practise to a halt . on coach -- not happy , but what 's he go to do . mandela spring out of the helicopter , energize , excited . linga and Jason with he . the player assemble in a loose , semi-formal unit . not a line , but orderly . ( we may or may not notice that Chester Williams be miss . ) pienaar stand at the front , relaxed . he 's a old hand with mandela , by now . mandela francois , gentleman -- forgive I for interrupt you work the day before such a important match ... ( beat ) ... I just want to wish you good luck , in person . there be a naughty twinkle in mandela 's eye . mandela and sometimes , very seldom , as President , I be allow to do what I want . they all laugh . 91 . mandela wade in amongst they , leave linga and Jason behind . picture this : behind the barb wire security of a modern , South African military base , a tall , regal black man in he 70 's be surround by huge , sweat , batter , brutal - look white man -- pienaar ( do introduction ) Mr. President , this be -- mandela I know who this be . ( shaking hand ) good luck , Andre . ( shaking hand with all of they ) good luck Brendan , we be behind you all . japie -- etc -- every single one of whose name he have commit to memory . statesmanship be often about attention to detail . the player be awe-struck . ( for the record : Andre , gavin , James , japie , christiaan , Brendan , hennie , Joel , johan , joost , marius , James , Chris , pieter , garry , Mark , kobus , hannes , krynauw , ruben , francois , robby , adriaan , Rudolf . ) CUT away to Jason and linga , who be amaze by what they be see . linga do you ever imagine this ? jason how could I ? by the time mandela have shake every single player 's hand , he have win the team over , coach and manager include . they glow . and then , mandela frown , step back , look at all of they . mandela but where be Chester ? pienaar do not answer immediately , he look at he coach first . coach nod . 92 . pienaar he 's injure , sir . his hamstring . we be try to keep it quiet . mandela be he out for the whole tournament ? pienaar with hamstring , who know ? ( beat ) we will miss he . mandela the whole country will miss he . a somewhat sour note to leave on . but it 's about to be rescue . springbok prop Mr. President , sir -- mandela yes , hennie . springbok prop -- this be for you . from we . the huge , thick man hold out a GREEN cap with gold piping and a springbok leaping above the visor . mandela take the cap as if he have just be give a holy relic . mandela I be honore . truly honore . mandela run he finger over the embroider springbok leaping across the front of the cap . mandela good luck gentleman . you country support you , completely . the team applaud , beam , glow . mandela turn to go back to the helicopter . mandela francois , walk with I . pienaar walk mandela back towards the helicopter . 93. mandela I have something for you . mandela reach into he jacket , pull out a envelope with the president's letterhead on it . give it to pienaar . mandela this help I , many time . perhaps it will help you , too . CUT to : pienaar hold the envelope , stare upwards at the rise , depart helicopter , as do the rest of the team -- until coach blow he whistle . coach enough fun and game ! we have still get work to do . CUT to : int . newland stadium - security CENTER - night Jason pace restlessly , go over he mental check list , make sure he have not miss anything . CUT to : int . mandela' cape town house - night mandela read , scrawl comment , sign papers from a big " in " pile . Mary enter with he glass of milk and he pill . mary it 's time for bed . mandela I think I will stay up a little longer . the country be excited tonight . mary you need to sleep . the doctor say . mandela the doctor have no sense of occasion . 94 . mandela turn on the tv , begin flipping channel . rugby , rugby , rugby . mandela be suck in . Mary sigh . CUT to : int . coach be room - cape town HOTEL - night the coach and the manager . cat on a hot tin roof . coach there 's nothing more we can do . the game plan 's good . it 's just a matter of the boy execute it tomorrow . manager that 's pienaar 's job . it 's in he hand , now . int . pienaar be room - cape town HOTEL - night room dark but for one small desk light . pienaar stand at the window , look out across cape town . he be deep in think . pienaar turn away from the window , go to the desk , where , under one small light , we see " invictus " , the poem mandela write out by hand . pienaar begin read it . there be a soft knock at he door . pienaar go to it , open it . it be nerine , accompany by a cop . pienaar nod at the cop , step back so that nerine can enter . as soon as the door close behind she , nerine say : nerine you know the best thing about you be the captain ? pienaar uh ... the honor ? nerine you do not have to share a room . nerine give pienaar a scorching kiss . he resist ... then respond -- then pull away . 95 . nerine ( breathless ) francois , come on . it 's be week . pienaar uh uh . I need to be angry for tomorrow . nerine take a deep breath , nod , turn away -- and see the poem on mandela 's personal letterhead . nerine what 's this ? pienaar a poem . from the President . nerine how do a poem help you play rugby ? pienaar the same way you visit do . ( beat ) inspiration . over , referee' whistle blows hard and sharp . smash CUT to : ext . newland stadium - day a massive crowd roar . the wallaby flyhalf run forward , put he boot into the ball , send it soar towards the wait springbok . the springbok lock rise high into the air , support on all side , take the ball out of the air perfectly -- -- just as the wallaby pack close in and huge man meet with a adrenaline - fuel crunch of body . the World Cup have begin at last . CUT to : but not for Chester Williams . clad in springbok blazer and tie , he sit behind the coach , the manager and the reserve , in the stand -- and almost succeed in hide he utter disappointment at not be on the field . 96 . int . newland stadium - VIP BOX - day mandela look on , calmly . the Minister of Sport be not late for this match . the President of rugby be pale with nerve . behind mandela , stand linga and hendrick . the VIP box be a safe place , but Jason be not take any chance . CUT to : ext . newland stadium - day Jason prowl through the stadium , talk constantly on he radio . Hunter 's adrenaline . CUT to : int . / ext . newland stadium - day back to action on the field . the highlight we see here should match the rugby primer we see in the township . this continue the education of that who do not know rugby . so , for instance , we see a ball knock forward , and the result scrum . we see a ball kick out of bound , and the result lineout . we see scintillating pass , ruck , maul , tackle , strategic kick at it 's very best . both team be crisp and strong . intercut shot of the rugby match -- -- with shot of the security arrangement ( sniper , lot and lot of uniform cop inside and out , sniffer dog etc . all overseen by Jason ) -- -- with shot of the crowd , which , unlike the earlier test against the lion , be completely and passionately united behind the springbok ( all commentator talk about the extraordinary passion of the crowd , that day ) -- -- always return to the VIP BOX , where something interesting be take place right behind mandela : linga moonsamy , the rugby scorner , the soccer lover , lose he scowling reserve and get suck into the game . 97 . when a ball soar between the upright and everyone in the box groan , linga lean towards hendrick and ask : linga what happen ? hendrick they score . when another ball soar between the upright and the crowd roar , linga ask again : linga what happen ? hendrick we score . a third ball through the upright . before linga can ask : hendrick they score again . a fourth ball , to the joy of the other in the box . linga we score ? hendrick ja . we be tie . a fifth ball through the upright , and the crowd go wild . hendrick we be up by three . action on the field , as a wallaby drive combine back and forward move relentlessly towards the springbok try line . six time the drive be stop by springbok tackle , but the wallabies keep possession and , on the seventh wave of the assault score a beautiful open try , which be convert . a ripple of concern go through the crowd -- -- and the VIP box . linga they be ahead ? hendrick by four . nerves in the box . 98 . but not on the field , as pienaar start a drive with a tackle we feel ourselves , result in a change of possession -- -- and a stun , open field try score in the corner by the springbok wing , who raise he fist in the air , after juking the last wallaby to try and tackle he . the crowd roar . in the VIP box , mandela be on he foot , shaking hand with everyone he can reach , include linga and hendrick , and the waiter . the difficult , angle conversion be miss . linga what do that mean ? hendrick we be only ahead by one . another penalty kick . hendrick we be ahead by four . a drop goal . hendrick by seven . a incredible try by the springbok fly half . hendrick by fourteen . everyone dare to dream . the classic South African penchant for pessimism begin to abate . two thing to note : the crowd roar grow and grow and grow and be echoed in the VIP box . even Jason turn to look at the action on the field -- but only for a second . also , this match serve as the come - out party for the springbok fly half , who score 22 of South Africa 's 27 point this day . suddenly , a referee' whistle create pandemonium on the field , in the stand , and in the VIP box . linga what happen ? hendrick we win ! 99 . linga we do ? mandela shoot to he foot , push he chair away and begin the famous " mandela shuffle " -- a very cool African boogie that be one of he signature move . on the mandela shuffle -- dissolve to : int . VIP party - night -- the same shuffle hour later , at a VIP party . mandela have change clothes , wear one of he Indonesian - inspire " madiba shirt " and dance energetically with the absolutely stun trophy wife of one of the VIP 's . trophy wife you must be very pleased ! mandela what man would not be pleased to be dance with a beautiful woman like you ? trophy wife oh , Mr. President , you be exaggerate . mandela indeed not . my father be a xhosa chief , and therefore a polygamist . as you know , I be not . ( beat ) but when I look at you ... I envy my father . the man be a major flirt , and really enjoy himself . but , once again , he be dance with a stranger -- -- and , when we get close to he eye , we realize that mandela be push himself way past empty . CUT to : int . jason's HOTEL room - night Jason be asleep on he face , in he suit and shoe . CUT to : 100 . ext . cape town waterfront - night Big party , spilling onto the street . most of the partier be white . Black South african look on , or serve drink . we follow the crowd into a big sport bar -- int . sport bar - night -- where the springbok be pound beer and blow off the steam of month of training grind , plus a huge win . even though most of the player be with they wife or girlfriend , pretty , single woman crowd they , two and three deep , man pay for round after round of beer . pienaar and nerine be part of the action . then pienaar get a text message which make he shake he head , give nerine a chagrine look . he grab the springbok close to he , put he mouth near the player 's ear and scream again the hubbub : pienaar coach be run , nine a.m. sharp . pass it on . the springbok shake he head -- bloody coach -- grab the player next to he , repeat it . pienaar watch the message travel through he team -- and grin . then , something catch he eye on one of the big overhead tv 's . on the tv : news footage of the mandela victory boogie . the boogie be follow by a quick " how far we have come " type of montage . one of the image show a island ringed by rough surf . pienaar get a idea . dissolve to : ext . cape town street - day pienaar lead he hang -over , sleep - deprive team on a very slow jog through the mostly empty street . 101 . when he get to a intersection , he sneak a peek down at the palm of he leave hand . close - up on pienaar hand , where he have draw a crude street map . pienaar take a leave at the intersection . CUT to : another intersection , another peek at the map on he hand , and another leave turn , take the team -- ext . cape town waterfront - day -- back onto the waterfront , to a idling ferry boat , where the coach and the manager wait for they -- along with the player 's wife and girlfriend . coach I hope you be not that slow next week . pienaar grin , stop . the team stop around he . springbok flyhalf what 's go on ? pienaar a change of pace . CUT to : ext . ferry boat - day the ferry pull away from the waterfront , with the team on board , pull on tracksuit against the cold sea air . it be early winter . the seas be fairly rough . so be the stomach of the ibok who party hard last night . springbok hooker who 's bloody idea be this ? on pienaar , innocent as a lamb . 102 . ext . OPEN ocean - day behind the ferry , cape town and table Mountain , in all they glory . ahead of the ferry , one of the most notorious island prison in modern history -- -- robben island . ext . robben island - day robben Island lie only eight mile from the mainland . it be two mile long , with sandy beach full of penguin and seal . it would be pretty -- -- but for its maximum security prison . concrete , barb wire , guard tower . ( in 1995 , the political prisoner wing be shut , but the island still house criminal prisoner , so the island still have the feel of real incarceration . today , it be a tourist destination . ) ext . OPEN ocean - day as they approach the island , a sense of dark history settles over the springbok and they partner . one of the springbok turn to a deckhand , get ready to moor at the jetty . springbok lock how do they bring the prisoner here ? deckhand on this boat . sober . ext . robben island - day the springbok and they partner step onto dry land with some relief , look around at the prison , humble . 103 . nerine ( to pienaar ) imagine be able to see cape town so close by . pienaar that would make it worse . they head towards the prison entrance , slowly become a tighter and tighter bunch . the ghost of mandela , and all the other who spend much of they life here , be very strong . CUT to : various shot of the springbok party , in the exercise yard , the lime quarry , the mess hall . none of the usual horsing around . this place affect they , deeply . CUT to : int . robben island prison - section B - day section B be the bleak political wing . tiny cell line each side of a damp concrete hallway . a prison guard show the springbok into the hallway , and they dwarf it , as they stand there , shocked . shock at what be do in they name . this group be as quiet as we have ever see they . pienaar can we see the President 's cell ? prison guard yes , of course . ( lead they down past the cell ) we have do it up just the way it be . they reach a cell with a piece of white cardboard on the door , show the number 466/64 -- mandela' prison number . prison guard ( point at the number ) that mean he be the 466th prisoner admit in 1964 . the prison Guard unlock the door , pull it open , then unlock the metal grill that be the inside door . 104 . int . mandela' cell - day pienaar peer into the cell . it be tiny . there be no bed , just a sisal mat on the concrete floor , with a couple of blanket . a chamber pot , a short bench , a tin cup and plate be the only other object in the room . a couple of small locker be screw high to the wall . the bar window be opaque . it let in light but do not allow the prisoner a view . when pienaar enter , we see how small the cell really be . he can reach out and touch the opposite wall at the same time . this be a bleak , horrible , dehumanize place . pienaar be stunne by it . he turn , slowly , look at mandela 's world for over twenty year . CUT to : int . robben island prison - section B - day the other springbok and they partner wait to look into the cell themselves , a little puzzle by how much time pienaar 's take . int . mandela' cell - day pienaar almost look as if he be in a trance . he hear mandela 's voice in the cell with he . mandela ( v.o. ) ( reciting " invictus " ) out of the night that cover I , Black as the pit from pole to pole , I thank whatever god may be for my unconquerable soul . now , pienaar see mandela in prison clothes , in the cell . ( the image be unclear , ghostly . ) mandela ( v.o. ) in the fall clutch of circumstance I have not wince nor cry aloud . under the bludgeonings of chance my head be bloody , but unbow would . pienaar see mandela sit on the dirt in the prison yard , break up rock with a hammer , along with row of other political prisoner . 105 . mandela ( v.o. ) Beyond this place of wrath and tear loom but the horror of the shade , and yet the menace of the year find and shall find I unafraid . pienaar see mandela lead he fellow prisoner to the lime quarry , to mine lime under the eye of a guard who look like pienaar . mandela ( v.o. ) it matter not how strait the gate , how charge with punishment the scroll , I be the master of my fate : I be the captain of my soul . dissolve to : ext . STREET outside mandela' house - night the gate open . linga get out of one BMW , hendrick out of the other . we know the routine . only , mandela do not appear for he walk . linga and hendrick wait for a moment , then head in through the gate -- ext . mandela' house - night -- break into a sprint , when they see mandela' form , crumpled on the lawn . CUT to : int . mandela' house - morning Barbara , Mary , the house staff , plus linga , hendrick , etienne and Jason , all wait . all be scared . nobody talk . the SOUND of footstep from on the top floor bring they to they foot . mandela' doctor descend the stair . barbara what happen ? doctor it 's simple exhaustion , but it will lead to worse if it 's not treat . he need complete rest . and I do not mean just shifting the affair of state to he bedroom . ( more ) 106 . doctor ( cont 'd ) no phone call , no visitor , no meeting . no politics . mary you know he . he will not do that . doctor then I be go to put he into hospital . in isolation . barbara no . not yet . I will threaten he with hospital if he do not behave . mary I will cancel everything . doctor and I will come back tonight to make sure he 's not work . the doctor leave . the rest of they look at each other , relieved ... and maybe a little guilty , for let thing get this bad . barbara ( to Mary , aside ) do not cancel the trip to Taiwan . not yet . CUT to : int . mandela' bedroom - day Dark . curtain draw . the door open quietly . a shaft of light from the door show mandela , on he back in bed , eye close . Barbara enter . the sight of mandela lie like this be chill . it be too close to what he would look like lie in a casket . Barbara make sure he be breathe . he be . she unplug he phone , take it . unplug he tv . sweep the room for papers , article , legal brief . for the first time , she take a arm load of stuff away from he . she give mandela one last , long look , close the door behind she . we stay behind and look at mandela , and ponder South Africa 's fate if this be worse than just deep , sedate sleep . dissolve to : 107 . ext . springbok training facility - day Chester Williams jog under the tense eye of coach , trainer , manager and pienaar . he accelerate , run fast , but not sprinting . coach that 's not good enough . Chester open it up . full sprint , sustained . pienaar grin . Chester be back . coach let 's hope the samoan do not injure it again . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day one , brief shot of a typically brutal samoan tackle , and the ensue foul play in the maul . CUT to : four quick shot of Chester william scoring four try . CUT to : one more shot of the springbok trudging off the field . every single player be bruise or bleed , or both . CUT to : int . mandela' office - day look frail , but better than before , mandela pencil in a score on the world cup bracket diagram : south africa 42 , western samoa 14 . the diagram show we that this be a quarter final match . we can see that he have enter all the South African score . ( for the record : South Africa 27 - Australia 18 ; South Africa 21 - Romania 3 ; South Africa 20 - Canada 0 . ) for the semi-finals , against South Africa , mandela pencil in France . 108 . on the other side of the bracket , mandela pencil in England vs. the all black . with a satisfied grunt , mandela step back from the diagram . thing be shaping up nicely . a knock at the door , and Barbara enter , ushere in a group of labor leader . barbara madiba , this be -- mandela I know who this be . beam , exude energy we know he do not have , mandela rise to yet another occasion . he stride forward to shake hand . mandela welcome , and thank you for come such a long way to see I . dissolve to : int . luxury bus - day monsoon rain batter the bus as it crawl towards king park stadium , in durban . CUT to : ext . king park stadium - day rain , rain , rain . the field be flooding . CUT to : int . springbok dressing room - day coach walk in on he team , who be dress for the match and ready to go . coach forty minute postponement . they be try to clear the field . CUT to : 109 . ext . king park stadium - evening a hundre zulu cleaning lady with broom and squeeege push the water off the field . capacity crowd cheer they on . ( this happen . there will be stock footage . ) CUT to : int . springbok dressing room - evening the boy stretch , jump , try to keep warm - up . CUT to : int . penthouse suite , taiwan - day mandela and a negotiate team be meeting with they opposite number from Taiwan . a high - level affair that can not be interrupt . Nonetheless , mandela take a discreet look at he watch , and we realize that he mind be back home , with the springbok . CUT to : int . springbok dressing room - night pienaar lead he man out into the rain . CUT to : ext . king park stadium - night a quagmire , despite the effort of the Zulu lady . muddy green and gold against the muddy blue , white and red of France . end of a close game . both team be tired , muddy and desperate . the french assault the springbok try line , wave after wave . the springbok defend valiantly , but slowly go backwards . finally , the french score a try -- or do they ? close - up on the rugby ball , under a mountain of muddy man , on the ground three inch outside the try line . 110 . the referee wave off the try . CUT to : int . president's jet - day mandela fly home , still work intensely with a mix South African / taiwanese trade group . Mary slip a piece of paper in front of he , discreetly . on the piece of paper in excite writing : bok 19 , FRANCE 15 . we're in the final !!! go bokke !!! mandela 's face betray nothing . but , he get up . mandela please excuse I for a moment . with Mary lead the way , mandela go to the back of the plane , look grave and leaderly -- -- but once he be through the galley curtain , he break into a huge smile . mandela this be very good ... very good ! who be we opponent ? mary the all black play England tomorrow . then , we will know . mandela please make sure that my schedule be clear for the entire match . mary yes , madiba . dissolve to : int . SUN CITY resort - day on a big screen tv in a private banquet room , the springbok team watch the England / all Black semi-final , which the all black dominate from beginning to end -- -- thanks to the exploit of jonah lomu , they unnaturally huge , fast leave wing , of tongan parentage ( and unanimous choice for the best player in the entire World Cup ) . 111 . jonah lomu score in the first two minute of the match , the first of four try . he run through , over , and around hapless defender . his speed and balance be almost unprecedented in a man he size . the springbok go quiet as they watch this beat by the all black . CUT to : int . mandela' house - day mandela watch at home with Barbara and Mary . mandela let 's do some work while we watch . Barbara resist she natural impulse to work and say : barbara just enjoy the rugby . CUT to : ext . STREET outside mandela' house - day the sound of the match on the radio of one of the bmw . johan lomu 's name in every sentence . all the bodyguard be out of the car , enjoy the winter sunshine as they listen to the match . kwezi so , let I understand this . the all black be kill a team that thrash we last year ? etienne thanks for remind I . hendrick open the trunk of they BMW , pull out a rugby ball , show it to linga . linga nod . okay . throw it . CUT to : int . SUN CITY resort - day another lomu try , and a ripple go through the springbok . 112 . springbok hooker we be go to have to tackle better than the English , that 's for sure . pienaar we do . CUT to : int . mandela' house - day tv blare . Barbara do some work . mandela come and peek over she shoulder -- mandela be that the judicial appointment for the free State ? -- and Barbara shut the file . barbara they will keep until after the match . CUT to : ext . STREET outside mandela' house - day a pile of gun in holster , on the hood of a BMW . suit jacket drape over the side mirror . in the wide street , in they shirt and tie , the boy toss the ball around . the white bodyguard handle the ball expertly , the black bodyguard for the first time in they life . etienne give it a spin when you pass it . ( demonstrate ) like this . kwezi catch the ball , try to throw it with spin , blow it . the ball bounce crazily all over the street , seem to have a mind of its own as it elude kwezi . they all laugh . CUT to : 113. int . SUN CITY resort - day lomu score he third try . springbok wing how much do lomu weigh ? springbok flank about 120 kilo . springbok lock shit , that 's what I weigh . springbok wing ja , but at least you be slow . as we will discover , the wing be go to have to defend against lomu . CUT to : int . mandela' house - day mandela be not watch tv . he 's at the window , look out at a game of touch rugby , take place on the street outside he house . mandela come and look at this . CUT to : ext . STREET outside mandela' house - day two mix team . hendrick pass to linga , who pass back to hendrick , who score . hendrick ( panting ) you should have play rugby . linga ( panting ) they would not let I carry my gun . laughter . this scene be unthinkable a year ago . CUT to : 114 . int . mandela' house - day Barbara and Mary stand next to mandela at the window . mandela 's eye twinkle with pleasure as he hear the laughter . in a way , this small moment already justify everything he have do . almost . he give Barbara a sly look . mandela do you still think I be waste my time with the rugby ? before Barbara can reply , excitement on the tv make mandela turn away . he look at the tv just as lomu score he fourth try , to make it 42 - 15 . mandela shake he head , awed . mandela Barbara , can you please tell the Minister of Sport that I need a detailed briefing on the all black . Barbara give mandela a long look . barbara this rugby , it 's still strictly political ? mandela oh yes . of course . CUT to : int . pienaar parent house - day pienaar hand a envelope to he father . pienaar do not lose they . I will not be able to get more . Mr. pienaar open the envelope , pull out ticket to the world cup final . Mr. pienaar kiss the ticket . mr. pienaar thanks , francois . ( fan out ticket ) I , mom , nerine -- wait , and the fourth ? who 's it for ? 115 . pienaar look at he father , mischief in he eye . CUT to : ext . freeway - end of the day BMW , mercede , BMW , drive from pretoria to johannesburg at the end of the day . Red winter sunset over the arid highveld . go ` bok , go amabokoboko sign , side by side . Chester and pienaar billboard . minister of sport ( v.o. ) the all black beat Ireland 43 to 19 -- int . president's mercede - day the Minister of Sport give mandela he final briefing . at he side , Barbara thrust papers in front of mandela for he signature . this continue throughout . minister of sport -- they beat Wale 34 to 9 , they beat Japan 145 to 17 . mandela 145 point , in one match ? linga listen openly . minister of sport it 's a new international record . ( back to the briefing ) they beat Scotland 48 to 30 in the quarter final . you see the match with England . mandela 45 to 29 . and it be not that close . ( beat ) they seem unstoppable . minister of sport if oppose team play they straight up , jonah lomu run wild . if they focus on lomu , that leave other free . ( beat ) and , also , there 's the business of the haka . 116 . mandela they Maori war dance . yes . it 's very powerful . minister of sport my source tell I that half of the all Black match be win before the first whistle , because of it . mandela peer out of the window at a springbok billboard . mandela how be we go to beat they ? minister of sport I have the coach 's number . you could call he and ask . mandela no ... no . I do not want to break they focus for even a minute . ( intense ) but , how do we win ? on linga : a idea occur to he . a wild idea . he almost turn and blurt it out -- restrain himself . minister of sport maybe we will not . they be favore two-to-one . ( beat ) madiba , we have already exceed all expectation . on and off the field . mandela it 's not enough . not now . not so close . ( beat ) this country be hungry for greatness . Barbara push another paper in front of mandela . he sign it . CUT to : int . springbok coach office - evening the coach , the manager and pienaar gather for a final briefing in the coach 's spartan office . 117 . coach how 's the feel in the dress room ? pienaar calm . manager and lomu ? be they talk about he ? pienaar shrug -- of course . coach grin . coach nobody give we a bloody chance . I like that . it play into they one weakness . both pienaar and the manager look at the coach . coach they vanity . ( beat ) they be already count the win . but they want to win with style , the way they win all they other match . they want to show the world how beautiful all Black rugby be . ( glaring ) I just want to show the bloody world how hard we tackle . pienaar 's up for that . pienaar I wish tomorrow be already here . CUT to : int . security office - ellis park - night Jason wish tomorrow be already over . he go through he plan , he check list for the tenth time . he sigh , try to roll the tension out of he shoulder , give up . he leave the office . 118. i/e ellis park stadium - night cop at they post . Jason walk alone through the tunnel , until he come to a field entrance . he go to the edge , look out at the dimly light field , try to imagine tomorrow . etienne ( from behind he ) come on , man . there 's nothing more you can do today . Jason turn to etienne . jason have I ever mention to you that I hate rugby ? etienne once or twice , yes . jason I just want to get he through tomorrow , safely . that 's all . etienne we all do . a look between the two man : they be united . they have come a long way . CUT to : int . pienaar HOTEL room - johannesburg - night as in cape town , pienaar stare out into the night , pensively . preoccupy . so preoccupy , that when nerine enter quietly , he hardly turn . nerine I bring one of you mom 's protein shake . pienaar nod , thanks . nerine put the protein shake down . she try to read pienaar 's mood , see what he need from she at this moment . nerine think about tomorrow ? 119 . pienaar no , tomorrow 's take care of , one way or another . pienaar turn to she . pienaar I be think about how you spend 30 year in a tiny cell , but come out ready to forgive the people who put you there . dissolve to : int . mandela' house - night we have see that solitary shape under the blanket before . we have see the clock on the bedside table change from 4:59 to 5:00 before . we have see mandela 's eye open , immediately . but we have never see mandela roll over and go back to sleep . super : JUNE 24 , 1995 - rugby world cup final . ext . STREET outside mandela' house - night the two bwm wait faithfully . int . grey BMW ( lead ) - night linga look at he watch . int . grey BMW ( trailer ) - night hendrick do the same . get out . ext . STREET outside mandela' house - night linga get out , meet hendrick at the gate . linga Big day . hendrick be a even bigger day if we actually win . 120 . then , they both look at they watch again . hendrick where be he ? they share a worried look . linga reach for he radio . CUT to : int . mandela' bedroom - night mandela 's bedroom door be open from outside the room . Light from the hallway hit the bed . mandela look very still under the cover . Mary peer in , concern wiping away sleep . she see mandela lie there . Mary tiptoe in , concern grow , until she stand over mandela -- -- who open he eye without move otherwise . mandela can a man not sleep in , when he have a big day ahead of he ? CUT to : ext . STREET outside mandela' house - night Mary 's voice on linga 's radio . linga ( into radio ) okay , thanks . out . linga lower he radio , embarrassed . linga he 's sleep in . hendrick or be . linga and hendrick stand at the gate for a moment , then turn to head back to they respective car . linga pause . linga I have a idea . about today . ( beat ) it 's a crazy idea . 121. hendrick hey , do not worry , man . I already know you be crazy . CUT to : int . mandela' house - early morning mandela eat breakfast -- porridge and fresh fruit -- and look over the newspaper headline , all scream about today 's World Cup final . the doorbell ring , and he pause , listen to the sound of voice at the door -- then the sound of heavy footstep approach through the house . mandela wipe he mouth and wait . linga and hendrick appear in the doorway . they look even bigger indoors . mandela Morning , boy . linga &amp ; hendrick Morning , madiba . mandela what be it ? linga hesitates -- until hendrick give he a ( for hendrick ) discreet nudge . hendrick linga have a idea , sir . CUT to : ext . mandela' house - day Mary walk briskly to she car , get in and drive towards the open gate , fast . CUT to : ext . STREET outside mandela' house - morning linga and hendrick watch as Mary drive away . 122. hendrick now you have do it . CUT to : ext . johannesburg street - day as in cape town , the springbok jog through the street . as in cape town , car toot they horn , people cheer . but the crowd run with they be twice as large as it be in cape town -- and twice as black . this crowd show that the springbok really do have the support of the whole country now . as the ibok rumble past , newspaper vendor , gardener , pharmacy delivery man on small motorbike abandon they task and run alongside the team . pienaar turn to look at one of he teammate , grin , get a grin in return . CUT to : int . security office - ellis park - day Jason address he entire team ( minus linga ) , plus assort police officer . jason the ticket sell out long before the team become so popular . so it 's not exactly go to be the rainbow nation out there . that 's the reality . ( beat ) the President will greet the player before the match , he will present the trophy after the match . he will be expose to 62,000 people , twice . he will be on tv , live , all over the world . ( express he deep fear ) all it take be one idiot try to make a statement , or one crazy fool who think he hear god speak to he over the radio . one of the cop smile at that . 123. jason it 's happen before ! ( super intense ) but not today . not on we watch . not today . the security boy be fire up . CUT to : ext . outside ellis park stadium - day it be hour before the match , but every entrance to Ellis Park stadium be chaotic with people , car , face painter , flag seller , fruit vendor . cop everywhere , and everywhere outnumber . in the crowd outside , we find sipho , collect empty bottle from trash can , for recycle . Jason be right about the demographics of the crowd : white , khaki-clad , quite a few old South African flag among the sea of new flag . springbok color everywhere . we may even see the four boere from the lion debacle earlier . face painter ( to boere ) face flag ? boer bugger off ! Ellis Park be not exactly the rainbow Nation today . boland botha ( v.o. ) we be at Ellis Park on this historic day , where , even this early , crowd excitement be at fever pitch -- boland do another live remote . fan cheer and wave behind he boland botha -- because they beloved green and gold have somehow manage to exceed all expectation . CUT to : 124 . ext . springbok HOTEL - johannesburg - day a luxury bus pull away from the hotel , with a full police escort , light on , siren blaring . boland botha ( v.o. ) but now they come up against a team that be unlike any other they have play . CUT to : int . luxury bus - day with that inward look of boxer before a big fight , the springbok begin the journey to the stadium . boland botha ( v.o. ) this all black be possibly one of the great international side ever , with a player in jonah lomu who be as dominant as any this correspondent have ever see . CUT to : ext . STREET outside mandela' house - day mandela 's mercede exit he gate , bmw fore and aft . boland botha ( v.o. ) to lose to they be no disgrace . to lose to they in the final be , in fact , a honor . CUT to : int . president's mercede - day tight on mandela 's face , absolutely expressionless . his game face . boland botha ( v.o. ) I say this with absolutely no negativity . I simply want to save people from the heartbreak of unrealistic expectation . CUT to : 125 . ext . outside ellis park stadium - day back to boland 's live remote . boland botha so , take a reality check , sit back and share a afternoon with one billion fellow fan around the world . and as you do , feel a special pride in have make it this far . this be boland botha , signing off and sit back at Ellis Park . huge crowd now , all around the tv truck , stream in . CUT to : ext . luxury bus - day driving down a secure access lane , the springbok bus and police escort approach Ellis Park . and pass sipho , who stare up at they from the sidewalk . CUT to : int . luxury bus - day the boy be very quiet -- until the sheer spectacle get to they . then , the first nerve hit . you can tell in the way they look at each other , the way they swallow . CUT to : ext . outside ellis park stadium - day mandela 's convoy pull up at a secure entrance . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day Stadium almost full . crowd noise a dull roar . above the springbok bench , near the field , we find nerine , Mr. and Mrs. pienaar ... and Eunice , as they take they seat . pienaar get the fourth ticket for she . 126 . Eunice turn to Mrs. pienaar . eunice what 's Mr. francois do now ? CUT to : int . dressing room - day all dress , all warm up , the springbok be quiet , introspective . everything that should be say have be say . this be the calm before the storm . ( note that almost every player wear bandage , or brace , or be injure in some way . ) pienaar be not in the room . CUT to : i/e ellis park stadium - day dress in he rugby tog , pienaar sneak up the ramp to the edge of the field , take a peek out of the tunnel -- -- and be blow away by the magnitude of it all . CUT to : ext . aerial shot of johannesburg - day vast city see from the air . Zero in on Ellis Park . CUT to : another angle of a south african airways 747 fly over the city , in the direction of Ellis Park . int . 747 cockpit - day co- pilot final approach , Captain . captain let it be note that I be take control of the aircraft . angle back through the cockpit -- no passengers . 127 . captain I assume full responsibility for what happen from now on . co- pilot duly note . the captain drop the nose of the 747 towards Ellis Park . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day every seat full . almost every seat fill by a big white man . excitement unbearable . Jason stalk the runway between the seating section , high in the stadium . binoculars around he neck , radio in hand . something catch he eye . something in the air . Jason lift he binocular to he eye . Pov through binoculars -- the 747 be head right for the stadium . Jason lower he binocular . he frown -- more puzzle than alarmed . ( this be pre - 9/11 . ) he lift he radio to he mouth . jason ( into radio ) do you see that jet , to the east ? CUT to : etienne , in another part of the stadium , look eastward -- see it . etienne ( into radio ) do they get clearance for this ? CUT to : jason ( into radio ) not from we . the 747 get closer , fast . Jason be hit by a horrible think . 128. jason ( into radio ) where be he ? linga ( on radio ) VIP BOX . Jason find the VIP box , look out at the 747 -- -- and realize that the jet be head straight at that side of the stadium . jason ( into radio ) get he out of there . now . CUT to : int . VIP box - ellis park - day mandela be not in he seat . linga turn . hendrick point at the close door of the VIP bathroom . linga ( into radio ) no time . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day nothing Jason can do about it but hold he breath as -- smash CUT to : int . 747 cockpit - day the captain drop the 747 even lower . smash CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day Jason have to fight down the impulse to flee . smash CUT to : 129 . int . VIP box - ellis park - day everyone in the VIP box see the jet . they all stand . smash CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day the 747 nose appear over the rim of the stadium . smash CUT to : int . 747 cockpit - day captain full throttle . Captain and co-pilot go full throttle , yank the 747 straight upwards . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day the almighty roar of full throttles fill the stadium , as the 747 pass less than 200 foot overhead -- -- so that everyone can read the huge letter paint on the bottom of the wing : good luck bokke ( this really happen . ) the crowd goe wild . jason nearly faint with relief . int . VIP box - ellis park - day linga and hendrick share a look . they have just have a brush with the unthinkable . int . dressing room - day the dressing room vibrate with the roar ... 130 . springbok wing what the hell be that ? ... which slowly fade ... ... leave only the background roar of the revve up crowd . the boy jog in place , die for the release of rugby . pienaar appear to be praying , silently . CUT to : int . ellis park stadium - day the referee walk off the field , into the tunnel , stand there for a moment , then raise he whistle to he mouth and blow a long , echoing blast -- int . dressing room - day -- which be the signal to come to the field . the cop open the door , throw down a full parade ground salute as pienaar lead he man out of the dress room . pienaar breathe , boy . breathe . int . ellis park stadium - day with the ` bok , we head down the hallway , down some stair to the tunnel onto the field -- -- where the referee hold he hand up like a traffic cop , keep the boy in a line in the tunnel . as they wait , they hear the crunching approach of big men in cleat . down the opposite stairway come the all black . this be the first time we have see they in the flesh . huge man , black on black uniform , arrogant . be here before , do this before . the best in the world , expect nothing but the best from the day . they ignore the springbok , dismiss they , line up next to they in the tunnel . 131 . the SOUND of thirty men jogging in place in they cleat , on the concrete , sound like a drum roll before a medieval battle . the springbok wing sneak a peek at jonah lomu . the biggest , fastest wing ever . even bigger look in this confine space . bigger than the springbok wing , bigger than any of the springbok back , bigger than most of the springbok forward . the referee nod to both captain , turn , and lead they onto the field -- ext . ellis park stadium - day -- where the already - whipped up crowd go crazy , as both team sprint onto the field and go through they brief warm - up ritual . we focus on the crowd , focus on how white and old South Africa most of they be . the referee blow he whistle again , and both team assemble in a line , face each other . glaring like boxer across immaculate green grass . int . ellis park stadium - day see only in silhouette , mandela walk down the tunnel . he be flanke by Jason , the Minister of Sport and the President of sa rugby . linga , as always , have mandela 's back . plus hendrick . ext . ellis park stadium - day mandela emerge into daylight , wear not a suit , not a madiba shirt -- -- he be wear francois pienaar 's green and gold number 6 rugby jersey . on he head be the springbok cap give to he by the team in cape town the crowd catch its breath . this be unprecedented , shocking ... and brilliant . the springbok digest this extraordinary display of support . 132 . springbok hooker ( murmure to pienaar ) the all black will not like that . pienaar nod , eye glint . mandela be give they a edge . as he walk towards the wait team , mandela lift the springbok cap high , wave it , and fire he famous , beautiful , huge , African smile at the crowd -- -- who roar and stand , slowly , and start chant , slowly ... crowd Nelson ... Nelson ... Nelson ... nelson ... nelson ... nelson ... 63 000 South african , chant as one . CUT to : a quick series of shot all across south africa , the chant echoes through empty street . not a soul , not a car to be see . everyone be inside , watch tv . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day crowd ... nelson ... nelson ... nelson ... etc . mandela shake hand with the springbok , who be brim with pride . mandela shake Chester Williams ' hand with special energy . mandela I be so glad you be here . Chester beam . CUT to : in the stand , eunice ululate , loud African warrior woman call . Mr. pienaar look at she , shocked . look at she as a person for the first time , maybe . mr. pienaar do that again ! 133. Eunice ululate again . CUT to : on the field , mandela shake hand with the all black , who , as predict , do not like he partisan clothing . mandela look up at jonah lomu . mandela hello , jonah . lomu look down at mandela , eye glow with aggression -- -- and suddenly , he bare he tattooe tongan tongue in a fierce war cry . as do the rest of the all black . we have segued to the famous haka , a Maori war dance that tell a opponent they be go have they daughter steal , they wife ravage and they brain eat right out of they skull with a sharpen tea spoon . it be abundantly clear why , as the Minister of Sports tell mandela , half of the all black match be win before the whistle blow . this be very intimidating . especially because , this day , the all black push the haka closer and closer to the springbok -- -- who do not back down . in fact , they close rank and advance . Major , major international smackdown . this be not fake . the emotion , the aggression be real . on mandela , whose diplomatic mask slip a little show a warrior 's glitter in he eye . he want to respond , primally . his fist clench at he side . the haka end with a fearsome , guttural Maori yell . on the springbok , mass together , face red with emotion , pulse racing . mandela take a deep breath in . then the boy answer . with , of course , a terrorist anthem of they own : nkosi sikelel ' iafrika . 134 . pienaar start it . pienaar nkosi -- all springbok -- sikelel ' iafrika etc ... with decent pronunciation , with full fervor and heart , the boy roar the anthem back at the all black . the crowd join they . " nkosi " roar through the stadium , through the nation . on mandela : he heart swell , as he sing with he people . CUT to : on jason , who stand surround by he former enemy sing the song that keep he -- keep all of they -- go through the apartheid year . in this stadium , at this moment , all hostility , all fear , be a thing of the past . the tension finally go out of Jason 's shoulder . on jason's face , close to tear , as nkosi slowly fade . as mandela say -- a very inspirational song . begin heartbeat over . be that a heartbeat , or a African drum ? CUT to : on the field , the all Black fly half tee up the ball , for kick off . as the fly half back - pedal slowly , and pause in readiness , wait for the whistle -- CUT away : to rainbow nation face , poise all over South Africa , watching on tv and in the stand . heart / drumbeat over . the last face be sipho 's . ext . outside ellis park stadium - day the crowd noise spill out of the stadium behind sipho . 135 . a radio plays nearby , tune to the game . the radio be in a cop car , manned by two beefy white cop . as the crowd noise rise , sipho edge closer to the cop . they eye he out . CUT to : int . VIP box - ellis park - day mandela front and center . Minister of Sport to he right , Prime Minister of New Zealand to he leave , President of sa rugby next to he . both use all they diplomatic skill to stay cool . mandela ( to NZ p.m. ) perhaps we should make a small wager ? new zealand p.m. all you gold , for all we sheep ? mandela I be think more along the line of a case of wine . behind mandela , linga and hendrick suppress grin . they be outwardly professional -- but burst with excitement . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day the referee blow he whistle . the all Black fly half boot the ball towards the springbok , charge after it , along with the rest of the all black . game on . we have only see snippet of rugby , so far . and mostly from a somewhat polite distance -- the usual distance of tv coverage . say , at close , the referee 's point of view . not now . not for the climax . we experience this beautiful piece of mayhem up close and personal . we be inside the heaving scrum . we be the ball . we see the way cleat leave a pattern of round white dimple on abuse skin , which quickly turn to purple as they fill with subcutaneous blood . 136 . we feel a tackle in we own spine ; we see tooth sink into flesh in the intimacy of a loose scrum ; we feel a hard fist smack we again and again in the hot privacy of a roll maul . for this be not a pretty match , not for one moment -- just as the springbok coach want . this match be all about a less talented team stifling the best team in the world by sheer determination and fitness . this be about the springbok apply continuous , unrelent pressure , and force the vaunted all Black attack into make mistake . lot of they . dropped ball , errant pass , knock -on . no fluency of movement , no electric building of momentum . because of one thing : tackle . tackle and tackle and tackle again . the first time lomu touch the ball , the stadium , the nation hold its breath -- -- until the springbok wing scythes into he at thigh height , wrap he up and bring he down . the second time lomu get the ball he be bring down from behind by pienaar , with a picture perfect tackle . we can cut away to the face of the spectator when we want ; from mandela to nerine to sipho and on and on , all over the country . but , in truth , we attention belong on the field . on pienaar , continually exhort he man , lead by example , wreak havoc in the all Black backfield . on lomu , who always seem just one break tackle away from run one in -- except that there be no break tackle . on thirty big , strong , battle -scarred men , who have devote they entire life to this moment . they be not play for money . they be play for pride , for they country . outdated notion . we miss they . no try be score in the final . the two fly halve match each other , penalty goal for penalty goal . with each make kick , the goal post shrink for the next . the penalty goal be unchallenge . it be up to the kicker to make they or fail . that be pressure . 137 . the score be 6 - 6 when , just before half time , the springbok fly half take a long , perfect pass from the scrum half , and with the all Black defender loom , kick a drop goal through the upright . the springbok lead 9 - 6 . a tight match . so tight , in fact , that there be only one score in the second half -- a all Black drop goal that level the score at 9 - 9 . until right before the end of the match , when the all black camp in the springbok half . the scrum half send a long , spiralling pass to the fly half , who be in perfect position to go for a drop goal . the kick soar into the air , high and straight . 43 million South african hold they breath . all around the world , fan lean forward on they chair . this will be the decisive blow . but the kick just go wide . relief . the referee blow he whistle to signal the end of regulation . both team be spend . int . VIP box - ellis park - day linga what happen now ? hendrick extra time . twenty minute . linga I do not think I can take it . no one can . mandela pace . everyone be drain . ext . outside ellis park stadium - day sipho lean on the cop car , listen to the radio . he and the two cop suck nervously on soda . CUT to : 138. ext . ellis park stadium - day two set of bruise , bleed , exhaust , cramping man face each other for the extra time kick off . pienaar turn to he man . pienaar who 's the fittest team on this field ? the answer lie in they eye : they be . a all Black penalty goal make it 12 - 9 almost immediately . a springbok penalty goal answer . 12 - 12. Seven minute from the end of extra time , the springbok earn a scrum deep in all black territory . pienaar keep it here . run it forward . the scrum go down , wheel a little . springbok fly half francois ! pienaar turn he head . the fly half tap he own chest : give I the ball . pienaar hesitates , then nod to the scrum half : give he the ball . the ball go into the scrum . the ball work its way back through the foot of the eight springbok forward . the scrum half gather it , spin it out to the fly half -- -- who take one step to he leave and kick a drop goal high into the air . Ball soar past a backdrop of open mouth . Higher than the upright ... ... but through they nonetheless . springbok 15 - 12 all black . a entire nation jump to its foot . 139 . int . VIP box - ellis park - day everyone be on they foot in the press box . mandela how long before the end ? minister of sport Seven minute . they turn out to be the longest seven minute in mandela 's life . in every South African 's life . begin climax sequence : this be where we fold the rainbow Nation into the rugby match , fully . intercut between people all over south africa , and the rugby as we show the whole nation want exactly the same thing at the same time . face , posture , eye be identical , no matter where they be , who they be , what color they be . ( it would be nice if we use all the face we have already cut away to throughout this story . ) on the field the all black attack desperately . the springbok tackle and tackle and tackle . on pienaar , totally spend but drag himself to he foot for another tackle . he glance over at the referee , make another tackle -- -- look over at the referee -- -- the referee put he hand on he whistle -- -- another tackle , another look -- -- the referee lift the whistle to he lip -- -- another tackle , another look -- -- the referee blows the final whistle . it 's over . the springbok have win . 140 . end climax sequence ext . ellis park stadium - day pandemonium on the field , pandemonium in the stand . Jason be hugge by a ecstatic boer ( Jason be not a hugger ) . CUT to : Mrs. pienaar and nerine be in tear . Mr. pienaar hug a shocked Eunice . int . VIP box - ellis park - day pandemonium in the VIP box . mandela shake hand with everyone he can find . it be way too loud to say anything . hendrick and linga almost hug . almost . they shake hand with total joy and engagement , whack each other on the shoulder . CUT to : ext . outside ellis park stadium - day sipho toi-tois next to the cop car ( a township war dance , very political ) . the two cop toi-toi with he . CUT to : around the nation , a epidemic of hugging begin . this spill out onto the street later , but for now , let 's restrict this to the people who have be watch the match together . CUT to : ext . ellis park stadium - day the springbok say a prayer on the field . pienaar kneel in the middle , lead the prayer . behind they , a work crew assemble a portable podium . at " amen " , pienaar 's man lift he to he foot , then onto they shoulder . 141 . the crowd roar again and again as pienaar take a victory lap on the shoulder of the man he have lead through thick and thin . tear stream down he face , through he unstoppable grin . as they near the podium , the team be intercept by a news crew and -- -- none other then boland botha . boland botha francois ... a few word ... the interview boom through the PA system . pienaar just nod -- he be not about to spoil the moment by reacting to this buffoon . boland botha ... great game , but I do not think you could have do it without the amazing support of this 63,000 South african -- francois grab the mike from boland . pienaar ( into mike , word booming ) we do not have the support of 63,000 South african today . we have the support of 42 million South african . the crowd roar . the springbok manager grab pienaar 's shoulder , point . springbok manager they be wait for you over there . pienaar turn , look . mandela wait at the podium , eye alight with joy . in front of he be the william webb ellis trophy , a big gold confection . they eye meet . they eye stay lock as pienaar fight he way through the press , the official , he own team , to the podium . 142. mandela hold out he hand . pienaar take it . Big hand , one black , one white , one with bruise visible , one with a lifetime of bruise imply . both wear the number 6 springbok jersey . mandela francois , I want to thank you most sincerely for what you have do to we country . pienaar shake he head . pienaar Mr. President , I want to thank you for what you have do . eye lock again , for just a moment , blue eye , brown eye -- African eye , both . and then pienaar raise the trophy high . a very traditional sport hero 's moment , richly deserve . Real gold , against the green of the batter field . but that be not the real prize . the prize be what happen next , all over the nation . dissolve to : all over south africa , people spill out into the street , to celebrate . utter joy , everywhere , as black and white , servant and employer , stranger , enemy , foreigner be sweep up in love and happiness . people who have be suspicious of each other , hate each other , fear each other all they life ... they hug each other on this day . dissolve to : ext . johannesburg street - end of the day housewive , gardener , cop , kid dance in the middle of the street . a car horn beep politely . BMW , mercede , BMW come slowly down the street . 143. the crowd begin to dance and ululate as they part to let the convoy through . int . president's mercede - end of the day linga in front . mandela be alone in the back seat . he look out at he people as they cheer he through . he also look exhaust . spend . none of that shine life force that make he so big . int . grey BMW ( lead ) - end of the day jason ( into radio ) this route 's too crowded . we be change to route B. ext . johannesburg street - end of the day the convoy switch to another street -- -- which be just as crowded as the first , with happy South african . it be as if every single person in the rainbow Nation want to celebrate together . int . grey BMW ( lead ) - end of the day jason ( into radio ) Change to route c. ext . johannesburg street - end of the day the convoy switch to yet another street -- -- to no avail . South Africa be literally dance in the street . int . president's mercede - end of the day mandela lean forward , tap linga on the shoulder . 144 . mandela tell Jason it 's all right . there 's no hurry . linga ( into radio ) madiba say no need to hurry . int . grey BMW ( lead ) - end of the day Jason nod , put down he radio , settles back with a deep sigh . so do the rest of the boy in the car . this day be almost over . int . grey BMW ( trailer ) - end of the day etienne , hendrick loosen they tie , bask in the feel . hendrick look out at the roll street party -- and shake he head in amazement . int . president's mercede - end of the day President Nelson rolihlahla mandela undoe the top button of he rugby jersey , settles back with a deep sigh -- -- and drive home through a nation that have begin the process of forgive itself . his nation . go in on mandela' face as it settles into the now - familiar sphinx - like mask . except for he eye . mandela 's eye glow with deep joy and satisfaction as he move slowly through a moment in history that he have work for , all he life . on mandela' eye ... fade ever so slowly to black . the end