iron man by Matt holloway & Art marcum and Mark fergus & Hawk ostby base on the Marvel comic revision by : Matt holloway & Art marcum Mark fergus & Hawk ostby John August current revision by : Mark fergus and Hawk ostby salmon # 2 : buff # 2 : goldenrod GREEN # 2 : yellow # 2 : pink # 2 : blue # 2 : white # 2 : tan : cherry : salmon : buff : goldenrod : GREEN : yellow : pink : blue : white : marvel studio # 2 : xx/xx/07 05/09/07 05/02/07 05/01/07 04/24/07 04/13/07 04/12/07 04/05/07 03/30/07 03/23/07 03/21/07 03/15/07 03/12/07 03/09/07 03/08/07 02/28/07 02/20/07 01/24/07 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of marvel studio , inc . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 1 . fade in : ext . rural afghanistan — day from up high : a U.S. military convoy worm through a barren vista . rock music swell as we drift down and enter the center humvee . int . hummer - continuous Three airmen , kid with battle - wear face . cramme in there with they be a man in a expensive suit , who look tele - ported from beverly Hills . he be , of course , genius inventor and billionaire , tony stark . in he hand be a drink tumbler of vodka . tony oh , I get it . you guy be not allow to talk . be that it ? be you not allow to talk ? one airman grin , fidget with he orange NY Met watch . jimmy no . we be allow to talk . tony oh. I see . so it 's personal . ramirez I think they be intimidate . tony good God , you be a woman . the other try to compress laugh . tony ( cont 'd ) I , honestly , I could not have call that . ( after silence ) I would apologize , but be not that what we be go for here ? I see you as a soldier first . jimmy I have a question , sir . tony please . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 2 . continued : 2 jimmy be it true you be twelve for twelve with last year maxim cover girl ? tony excellent question . yes and no . March and I have a schedule conflict but , thankfully , the Christmas cover be twin . anyone else ? you , with the hand up . pratt it 's a little embarrassing . tony join the club . pratt can I take a picture with you ? tony be you aware that Native Americans believe photograph steal a little piece of you soul ? ( then ) not to worry , mine 's long go . Fire away . Pratt , excited , pose as another airman snap the photo . a second later -- a massive explosion rock they . through the windshield , the humvee ahead of they erupt in a fireball . tony be flung aside , and in the side - mirror -- the humvee behind they explode . pandemonium as -- the airmen be instantly in battle mode . they scramble out , shutting tony inside . pratt stay here ! tony 's Pov - of jimmy : as he 's stitched by a bounce Betty mine . now , run past , fire a .50 cal . machine gun be -- usaf Lt. Colonel jame '' rhodey '' rhode . he look in . rhodey get down , tony . get the -— - ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 3 . continued : ( 2 ) a explosion cut he off . rhodey fire through the chaos , cover all direction , then advance into the murk . another hummer go up in a fireball , and now -- tony 's window blow in , spraying glass and shrapnel . he scramble for the door . ext . tony 's humvee - second later smoke . Machine gun fire . tracers zip past . shout . tony duck , scamper along . he spot a m - 16 , pick it up , but the weapon be burn hot . he drop it , move on when -- something ping off a smolder humvee and thud in the dirt near he . he spin and we -- SNAP zoom to : a rpg , revealing its pedigree , '' usm 11676 - stark munition . '' just as we suspect it 's a dud , it detonate and -- throw tony back , shredd he suit and revealing he body armor underneath . over the chatter of SMALL arm FIRE we -- fade to white : int . insurgent cave - afghanistan — day tony snap awake . he 's tie to a chair , bloody rag cover he chest . two insurgent flank a dv camera . behind tony -- a line of armed hood man and a banner show ten interlocked ring . the leader , a huge choori knife in one hand , read rhetoric ( in Dari ) for the camera . push in on - the dv camera viewfinder : until the image of a desperate tony break up into pixel chaos . CUT to : credit over a full screen film reel : the attack on Pearl Harbor . FDR give a impassion speech . narrator ( rhodey 's voice ) December 7 , 1941 : the day the world change forever . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 4 . continued : narrator ( rhodey 's voice ) ( cont would ) President Roosevelt declare the United States will build fifty thousand plane to fight the army of hirohito and Hitler - - s.s. officer goose -step through Paris . narrator although no such capacity to build exist ... 1940s L.A. , a unassume hangar read : '' stark industries . '' narrator Howard Stark , founder of the fledgle Stark industry , answer he call to duty -- a Young Howard Stark shake FDR 's hand . narrator and build not fifty , but a hundred thousand plane . a airfield cover in B - 29s . Stark bomber in flight , strewing bomb and paratrooper across the sky . narrator later , Stark 's work on the Manhattan project make the end of the war possible . a mushroom cloud in the New Mexico desert . Howard Stark observe with oppenheimer . narrator Stark industry would go on to contribute to every major weapon system through the cold War -- Korean War , b-52s , icbm , nuclear sub , F - 16 launching from carrier . Howard Stark with Kennedy , Johnson , Nixon . narrator but Howard Stark 's great achievement would come in 1973 -- President Ford , hold baby tony , pose with Howard . four year - old tony building a massive building - block city . Howard and twelve year - old tony assemble a hot-rod engine . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 5 . continued : ( 2 ) narrator from early on , it be clear that tony Stark have a unique gift -- tony work on turbine engine in a hangar full of F - 18s . narrator at seventeen he graduate summa cum laude from MIT . four year later , tragedy would pass the Stark mantle from father to son -- Howard 's funeral . tony with Reagan , Bush sr. and Clinton . narrator the loss of a titan . but tony do not let personal grief distract he from he duty -- tony cut the ribbon on a brand new ark reactor at Stark industry West Coast hq . narrator at twenty -one , he become the youngest - ever ceo of a fortune 500 company . and with it come a new mandate -- a laser - guide bomb hit its target . narrator smarter weapon , fewer casualty . a dedication to preserve life . a visual crescendo of America 's modern military might . narrator today tony Stark 's ingenuity continue to protect freedom and american interest around the globe . a wave american flag superimpose with a Annie liebowitz portrait of tony . and as it fade out , applause , then -- a light shine on a podium , revealing Lt. Colonel Rhodes . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 6 . continued : ( 3 ) 5 rhodey as Program manager and liaison to Stark industry , I have have the honor of serve with a real patriot , a man whose life have be dedicated to protect we troops on the front line . he 's a friend . and a great mentor . a man who have always be there for he friend and he country . lady and gentleman , this year 's are Award winner -- Mr. tony Stark . thunderous applause . a spotlight fix on tony Stark -- or rather -- he empty chair . applause wane , light fade up -- reveal : int . ballroom - caesar 's palace - las vega - night 6 military brass , politician , mover and shaker . head swivel and murmur -- where 's tony ? obadiah stane ( 5as ) , cfo of Stark industry , regards the empty chair . he make he way to the podium . awkward . obadiah thank you ... I , uhhh , I be not tony Stark , but if I be tony , I would tell you how honore I be and ... what a joy it be to receive this award . ( then ) the best thing about tony be also the worst thing -- he 's always work . smash CUT to : ecu : tumble red dice on a green feel . 7 reveal : int . casino - caesar palace - night 7 tony play crap , a crowd erupting as they all win big . chip pile up . tony 's flanke on both side by lucky lady . in between roll , he whisper into one woman 's ear -- tony ..+- you think we be have a ' moment 's here , but this be actually the logical conclusion of several mathematical truism . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 6a . continued : 7 tony ( cont would ) you hypothalamus be flooding you system with a chain of protein call peptide , so that every cell in you body be open itself up to the happy chemical : oxytocin . woman ( seriously turn on ) that 's ...wow .... tony hold on a second -- he roll again . the table be hot . more cheer . tony -- so now you limbic system be positively ... throbbing . a kirlian photograph of we right now , occupy this space , would show serious subatomic particle be exchange between we , with a rapidity that transcend -- ( then ) be you get this ? you will be quizzed -- and now he see rhodey pull up , glower . tony my God , what be you , they roped you into this thing too ? rhodey yeah . they say you have be deeply honore if I present . tony okay , let 's do it . rhodey plop the are statue down on the feel . tony that be quick . think there have be more of , you know , a ceremony . maybe a highlight reel -- tony shake karma into the dice , roll again . he crap out . groan from the table , everyone stare at rhodey the '' cooler '' . tony ( to the boxman ) colore I up . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 6b . continued : ( 2 ) 7 tony ( cont would ) ( turn other ) my chaperone have just arrive with my -- ( hold the are ) -- Degenerate of the Year Award . judge from he look , I may have just peed in the kiddie pool . the boxman rack up tony 's chip . tony I must now take my ease , along with the House 's fund . he 's hand rack of chip , then tip the table Operators and head off with rhodey . two hotel Security Guards fall in behind . as they meander past table -- people gawk , snap photo of tony with they phone . rhodey a lot of people would kill to have they name on that award . tony it belong to my old man . they should have give it to he . rhodey what 's wrong with you ? a thousand people come here tonight to honor you , and you leave they with egg on they face . this award mean something , tony , it 's bigger than you -- tony hold that think a sec . he 's stop in front of a roulette wheel . put all he chip down on , nod to wheel operator . tony put it all on black . do not worry -- it 's approve . the wheel Operator spin -- close on - roulette wheel : the ball finally settling on red . the Dealer scoops away tony 's chip . rhodey ...- you just blow three million . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . continued : no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx /xx/07 ( 3 ) tony yeah . do not know what be more exciting -- win it ... or the fact that I do not care I just lose it . rhodey everything 's funny to you . tony no . you be not funny . rhodey we have get a hell of a day tomorrow . can we get out of here now ? tony one more stop . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . 6c . CUT to : a8 b8 c8 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 7. omitted a8 * int . bathroom - caesar palace - night b8 a empty palatial bathroom . tony 's in the stall on he throne . rhodey splashes he face by the mirror . tony ( in stall ) of course I respect you opinion . rhodey this be no joke . you be go into a hot zone . we should be do this test here in nevada . tony ( in stall ) this system have to be demonstrate in true field condition . the bathroom door swing open and virginia '' pepper '' pott enter , tony 's sexy and very capable assistant . pepper tony , it 's the President . want to congratulate you personally . head up . she toss the cellphone over the top of the stall . all very routine . rhodey listen to tony talk , shaking he head . tony ( in stall ) ...dim , how’re the trout run ? yeah , sit on top of the world here . work on my masterpiece -- a minute later tony wash up . as they leave , rhodey drop money in the absent attendant 's tip basket . tony add the are statue to the basket and follow rhodey out . int . casino floor - caesar 's palace —- continuous - night c8 Hotel Guards have patron cordon outside the bathroom . we pick up tony and pepper in mid walk - and -talk . pepper you be leave the country for a week . I need five minute -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . c8 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : tony okay -- shoot . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 7a . c8 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 8. ext . caesar 's palace - night tony head for he wait limo , the entourage hang back . pepper ( check she tablet PC ) the board meeting be on the eleventh . should I tell they to expect a appearance --? woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. Stark ! tony turn , spot christine everhart , a hot young reporter hold a recorder . Security keep she at bay . christine christine everhart , vanity Fair Magazine . can I ask you a few question ? tony can I ask a few back ? she give he a disarming smile . tony wave at Security to let she through . pepper shake she head , then take a call . christine you have be describe as a Da vinci for we time . what do you say to that ? tony ridiculous . I do not paint . christine and what do you say to you other nickname : '' the merchant of death ? '' tony that 's not bad -- her gaze be suddenly cold . tony let I guess . Berkeley ? christine Brown . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 8a . continued : tony well miss Brown , it 's a imperfect world and I assure you , the day weapon be no longer need to keep the peace , I ’1ll start manufacturing brick and beam to make baby hospital . christine rehearse that much , Mr. Stark ? tony every night in front of the mirror . call I tony . christine I be sorry , '' tony '' , I be hope for a serious answer . tony here 's serious : my old man have a philosophy : peace mean have a bigger stick than the other guy . christine good line , come from the guy sell the stick . tony my father help defeat Hitler . he be on the Manhattan Project . a lot of people -- include you professor at Brown -- might call that be a hero . christine other might call it war - profiteering . tony have to smile , this gal be relentless . tony tell I : do you plan to report on the million we have save by advance medical technology ? or keep from starve with we inteli - crop ? all be breakthroughs spawn from , that 's right , military funding . christine wow . you ever lose a hour of sleep you whole life ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 8b . continued : ( 2 ) he regards she in earnest , then off she drop-dead look we -- smash CUT to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 10 11 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 9 - 10 . int . tony 's bedroom - stark estate - night 9 christine and tony , half naked , crash about . she 's the one attack . they flop out of frame . omitted 10 int . tony 's bedroom - morning 11 a clock change from '' 5:59 am '' to 6:00 '' . christine awaken alone , as the room begin to transform -- darken window turn translucent , admit light . she rise , startle by the tv flicker alive as she pass it . she look out the window -- hell of a view . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . al2 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 11 . reverse angle - outside window as we pull away and establish tony 's estate , perch impossibly on the cliff above the Pacific . back to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . al2 b12 12 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 12 . int . tony 's bedroom - same time b12 christine pad over to the closet , try to open it . jarvis ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , miss everhart , you be not authorize to access that area . she jump , freak out , grab for tony 's shirt on the floor and cover herself . just then -- pepper enter , hold dry-clean clothes in plastic . pepper ( be : the voice ) do not worry , that 's jarvis -- he run the house . jarvis : de - activate security . pepper eye tony 's oversize shirt on christine . pepper here , you clothes clean and press . anything else I can get you ? christine look , tony want I to stay for breakfast , but I have get to get a jump on the day . call I a cab , would you ? pepper cab 's 's wait outside . a beat , then -- christine and a coffee , hon . Black . one splenda . pepper ( smile sweetly ) should I tell Mr. Stark you be satisfied with the interview ? omitted 12 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 13 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 12a . int . tony 's workshop - morning 13 it 's like the chaos inside tony 's head -- ultra-modern drone and missile part , sport car and long - abandon prototype . frame photo of tony and he dad work on a classic ' 32 Ford . music drift from a old wurlitzer . we drift flathead tony , in the same pda . past : screen contain various cad image of a engine , and finally we find -- suit-slack and a undershirt , grimy from work on ' 32 Ford as in the photo . pepper enter hold she pepper you still owe I five minute -- tony five ? i’1l need a bit longer than that -- pepper focus . I need to leave on time today . tony you be rush I . what , you have plan tonight ? pepper the MIT commencement . yes or no ? tony maybe . tell I you plan . pepper I will tell they ' yes 's . you want to buy the Jackson pollock ? he 's get another buyer in the wing -- tony what 's it look like ? tony it 's a minor work in he later spring period , it 's ludicrously over - priced -- tony buy it . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 12b. 13 continued : 13 she 's interrupt by she phone and tap she blue-tooth headset . listen . pepper he leave a hour ago . okay . ( hang up ) it 's rhodey again . tony you have plan , do not you --? pepper I be allow to have plan on my birthday . tony it 's you birthday again ? pepper yep . funny , same day as last year . tony well , get yourself something from I . something nice . pepper already do . tony and ...? pepper it be very tasteful , very elegant . thank you , Mr. Stark . tony you be welcome , miss pott . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 14 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 13 . ext . stark aviation hangar - santa monica airport - day 14 rhodey , in uniform , pace talk on a cellphone . behind he a park boe Business jet read : stark INTERNATIONAL , '' tomorrow today . '' a growing rumble and rhodey turn to see -- a saleen s7 roaring up , stop short of he . second later -- a roll limo arrive . tony 's chauffeur hogan pop the trunk and take out : a single overnight suitcase . the saleen 's scissor - door open , tony jump out . he head for the boe , right past rhodey . tony sorry , pal -- car trouble . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 15 16 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 14 . int . tony 's plane - parked - day 15 * rhodey , steaming , settles into he seat . rhodey I be stand out there three hour , what the hell --? tony I have car trouble . a hot Flight attendant hold out steamy towel with thongs . tony thanks , maybe later . rhodey grab a towel . the whine of engine build . int . tony 's plane - flying - day 16 a Flight attendant stop by they seat . attendant would you like a drink , Mr. Stark ? tony two finger of laphroig . ( to rhodey ) you want one ? rhodey we be work . tony you should have a drink . we have get a twelve hour flight ahead of we . rhodey it 's two in the afternoon . tony it 's two in the morning where we be go . c’mon , ten hour '' bottle to throttle -- '' rhodey do not start with I . tony jeez , we be not get hammer . just a nightcap . we 'il sleep better , arrive fresh . it 's the responsible thing to do . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 16 continued : tony ( cont would ) I do not know about you , but I want to sell some weapon . off rhodey 's stoic look , we -- 14a . 16 smash CUT to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . ( continued ) 16 17 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 smash CUT to : int . tony 's plane - flying - night 17 music blare . tony and rhodey sip drink , comfortably numb and oblivious to the flight attendant dance next to they . rhodey ( a few drink in ) you do not get it . I do not work for the military because they pay for my education , or my father 's education . do not cheapen it like that . tony all I say be , with you smart , you engineering background , you could write you own ticket in the private sector -- on top of which , you would not have to wear that ' straight - jacket 's . rhodey ' straight -jacket 's ? this uniform mean something . a chance to make a difference . you do not respect that , because you do not understand . tony ( motion with a nod ) see that one ? her I understand . croatian . hot-blood , I be serious . must be that winter in Zagreb -- rhodey you be not listen to a word I be say . tony I be listen . I be change the subject . it 's the same litany , every time you have have a thimble of alcohol . drink one : reflection on the New american century and related topic -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : rhodey something 's ... seriously wrong with you , man . tony drink 2 : a history of World War ii and the tuskeegee Flyers . drink 3 -- rhodey you know , hell with you . I be not talk to you anymore . 15a . 17 he undoe he seatbelt , rise , look for somewhere else to sit . tony go hang with the pilot . you will get along , he 's get a personality just like yours . rhodey I will . rhodey head to the cockpit and open the door . rhodey 's Pov - the cockpit two empty pilot chair , a fully - automated flight system . as rhodey return to he seat . rhodey that 's funny . tony you could tell ? '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 18 19 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 16 . ext . bagram afb - afghanistan - day 18 * tony exit the plane , fresh , fire up to greet the wait brass . he shake hand . then -- rhodey appear dress in abus . he 's weary , squinting at the sting sun . pull he sunglass down over bleary eye . Three jericho missile on a ' flatbe 's ( which have be unload from a military jet in the b.g. ) be bring under heavy guard to a wait convoy . the chatter of machine gun fire and we -- CUT to : ext . desert test site - afghanistan - day 19 tony fire a n.r.f. 425 machine gun . Generals sit on fold chair behind a safe - zone of hescos and sand - bag . afghani soldier and SF ( Air Force security ) man patrol the perimeter . tony put the n.r.f. 425 gun down next to other weapon . he strut before the Generals like a carnival barker . tony the age old question : be it better to be fear or respected ? I say , be it too much to ask for both ? he nod at the jericho missile , on a mobile launcher . tony with that in mind , I humbly present the crown jewel of Stark industry freedom line . it 's the first missile system to incorporate my proprietary repulsor Technology . they say the best weapon be one you never have to fire . I prefer the one you only have to fire once ... the jericho roar into the sky from a mobile launcher . tony that 's how dad do it , it 's how America do it , and so far its work out pretty well . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 19 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 16a . continued : 19 tony ( cont would ) find a excuse to fire off one of this and I personally guarantee the enemy be not gonna want to leave they cave . flash to : the jericho , as it divide from a single missile , into score of mini-missile . angle - on tony a row of majestic peak behind he . he raise he arm . tony for you consideration , the jericho ... the mountain behind he outstretch hand explode . the shock - wave wash over tony , blank he with dust . reverse angle as the shock - wave erase the observe Generals with dust . tony now there 's one last creation I have not show anyone yet . you might be interested ... he open a large silver case . Ice -smoke curl out , then -- a bottle appear . drink glass . as tony pour the Generals and afghani military official exchange awkward glance . tony ( raise he glass ) to peace , gentleman ... and with every five hundred million , I '1l throw in a free one of this ... ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 19 20 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 19 tony ( cont would ) ext . desert test site - day 20 the Generals board they Humvees and depart to the East . tony and rhodey walk to they convoy of wait Humvees , point West . tony get obadiah stane on he video-phone . tony hey , what be you do up ? obadiah sleep . how do it go ? tony I think we get a early Christmas come . obadiah sound good . tony hey , why be not you wear the pjs I get you ? obadiah I do not do monogram . I be hang up now , bye-bye . stane hang up . tony all right , who want to ride with I ? Jimmy ? jimmy ( psyched ) I ? jazze , Jimmy and the other jump into the lead humvee . as rhodey approach -- tony sorry , rhodey , no room for my conscience in here . or that hang - dog look . ( raise he glass ) see you back at base . rhodey shake he head , and head for a different humvee . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 20 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 17a . continued : 20 rock music be cranke up on a boom -box . and as tony 's door slam shut -- smash CUT to : ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 20 21 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 smash CUT to : int . crude operating room - cave - afghanistan - night 21 nightmarish . garble voice . stab light . tony thrashes against a restrain belt . impressionistic glimpsis : a red scalpel . blood-spatter hand . tony 's heaving chest . a boilerplate . tony's Pov : yinsen ( 60 ) , look down on we , perform the '' operation '' . he yell to someone in Arabic , and -- tony be hold down , a chloroform rag be press to he face . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 22 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 19 . int . lab - cave - day 22 tony flicker awake , disorient . a tube protrude from he nose . he see -- yinsen , hum a tune as he shave by a break mirror . but more importantly right now -- there be a jug of water on the table . tony try to speak , can not . it 's the damn nasal tube . he pull at it , gag as two of foot of tub slither from he nose . tony ( hoarse whisper ) .--water ... water . yinsen keep hum . tony yank the iv from he arm and stretch for the water , but be stop by -- a wire , under he chest bandage , snap taut . yinsen I would not do that if I be you . tony follow the wire with he eye and find , to he horror , that it 's hook up to a car battery . he start claw at he chest bandage . yinsen turn . tony see he ugly chest wound . it 's too much . he swoon . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a23 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 20 . int . lab - cave - hour later - day a23 yinsen stir a bubbling pot on the furnace . he flick glance at tony , waking up on the cot . tony eye the bulky chest - piece protrude from he fresh bandage . tony what have you do to I ? yinsen what do I do ? I remove what I could , but there 's a lot leave head for you atrial septum . do you want a souvenir ? he toss tony a jar with score of bloody Christmas tree - like barb . tony regards the ' shrapnel 's he own the patent to , and let the jar drop . yinsen I have see many wound like this in my village . the walk dead we call they , because it take a week for the barb to reach vital organ . I anchore a magnetic suspension system to the plate . it 's hold the shrapnel in place ... at least for now . tony struggle up , sit on the cot and notice something -- tony 's Pov : a surveillance camera on the cave wall . yinsen that 's right , smile . ( then ) we meet once -- at a technical conference in bern . tony I do not remember . yinsen you would not . if I have be that drunk , I would not have be able to stand , much less give a talk on integrate circuit . tony where be we --? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a23 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 20a . continued : a23 the door-slat fly open and a pair of dark eye stare in . yinsen drop he spoon , put he hand on he head . yinsen stand up ! do as I do . now ! tony get to he foot , can not get he hand up . yinsen help he . yinsen listen to I , whatever they ask you , refuse . you understand ? you must refuse . the door open and abu bakar enter with two armed henchmen ( Ahmed and Omar ) . on Ahmed 's wrist , tony notice -- Jimmy 's bright orange met watch ( from the convoy earlier ) . abu ( in Arabic ) welcome tony Stark , the great mass murderer in the history of America . it 's a great honor . yinsen ( translate for Abu ) he say welcome tony Stark , the great mass murderer in the history of America . he be very honore . Abu look tony up and down like a prize horse , then -- abu ( in Arabic ) I want you to build this for I -- the jericho missile you be demonstrate . Abu hold out a photo : a surveillance image of the jericho missile launch . yinsen ( translation ) you will build for he jericho missile you be demonstrate . tony ... I refuse . yinsen backhand tony across the face , go ballistic -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a23 b23 c23 23 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 20b . continued : ( 2 ) a23 yinsen you refuse ? you will do everything he say . this be the great Abu bakar . you be alive only because of he generosity . you be nothing . nothing . he offer you he hospitality , and you answer only with insolence he will not be refuse . you will die in a pool of you own blood . Abu , spoon down yinsen 's food , throw a look of smug satisfaction . he head out . the door slam shut . yinsen perfect . you do very well , Stark . tony be utterly perplex . yinsen good , I think they be start to trust I . yinsen return to cooking . yinsen well , that 's the end of my plan . int . lab - cave - day b23 tony be jostle awake by Abu 's henchmen , wrestle a hood over he head . he struggle as he 's pull to he foot . int . tunnel - cave - day c23 tony 's Pov - through hood : approach the tunnel open . ext . cave complex - minute later - day 23 close on - tony : the hood be yank off he head . he squint into the sting daylight , he expression turn to shock . in a bowl of tall mountain , camouflage tarp be furle , revealing skid upon skid of Stark industry weapon dating back to 80s Afghanistan . various shot - of crate : the stark INTERNATIONAL munition logo . some fade , some new . tony , stunne , stagger along the crate . yinsen follow . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 23 a24 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 20c . continued : 23 yinsen quite a collection , be not it ? tony how do they get all this ? abu yinsen ( in Arabic ) ( translation ) as you see , we have as you can see , they have everything you need to build everything you need to build the jericho . you will make a the jericho . he say make a list of material and start list of material . you will work right away . when we be start work right away and do we will set you free . when you be do he will set you free . tony see a heavily armed and impose man surround by several man , who act as pilot fish around he . this be warlord raza , a man you do not mess with . tony no he will not yinsen +-.no he will not . ext . ambush site - afghanistan - day later - day a24 cold char wreckage . rhodey , general gabriel ( 5as ) and a team of SF man assess the remain of tony 's convoy . rhodey something 's not right . gabriel look like a standard hit and run . rhodey Sir , I be tell you , this be a snatch and grab . a perfectly execute linear ambush . as soon as they get what they want , they melt away . gabriel Intel 's on it , we be in good hand . if he 's out there , we ’1ll get he . it hang there , then -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a24 continued : salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 20d . a24 rhodey with you permission I have like to stay in theater and head up the search and investigation . gabriel there 's a pr firestorm brewing over this . right now the best way to serve you country be to get back there and handle it . rhodey tony Stark be the dod 's number one intellectual asset , and I can be of value in the field . gabriel duly note , but we need you back home . ( walk away , then ) Colonel , it 's not lose on I that Stark be a lifelong friend . rhodey nod and head for he humvee as thing be pack up . no '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . duplication without marvel 's written consent . 24 25 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 21 . int . lab - cave - day later - day 24 Dark . tony sit in a wheelbarrow by the furnace , wrap in a Army surplus blanket . yinsen loom over he . silence . omitted yinsen I be sure they be look for you , Stark , but they will never find you here . ( then ) that car battery be run out ... and they will not turn on the generator till you start to work . yinsen you do not like what you see out there , do you ? I do not like it either when that weapon destroy my village . ( beat ) what you just see , that 's you legacy -- you life 's work in the hand of this murderer . be that how you want to go out ? be this the last act of defiance of the great tony Stark ? or be you go to try to do something about it ? tony why should I do anything , they be either go to kill I or I be go to die in a week . yinsen then this be a very important week for you . 25 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 22 . 26 omitted 26 a27 omitted a27 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 27 omitted salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 23 . 27 28 29 30 omitted omitted omitted salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 24 . 28 29 30 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 25 . a31 omitted a31 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 31 a32 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26 -27 . omitted 31 int . lab - cave - day a32 the light come on as the generator be start . Abu be flanke by Ahmed and several Guards . he watch as -- Omar refuel the generator , then walk the gas can to -- a ' cage 's , housing a fuel drum , and lock that down too . tony okay , here 's what I need ... tony pace , bark what he need do while more of Abu 's Guards carry in missile and material . yinsen follow , translate as tony assess he work area . tony s- category missile . lot 7043 . the s-30 explosive tritonal . and a dozen of the S - 76 . mortar : m-category # 1 , 4 , 8 , 20 , and 60 . m- 229' , I need eleven of this . mine : the pre-90s ap 5s and ap lis . Abu 's man dart about . tony ... this area free of clutter , with good light . I want it at 12 o'clock to the door to avoid logjam . I need welding gear -- acetelyene or propane , helmet , a solder set - up with goggle , and smelting cup . two full set of precision tool . yinsen ( in Arabic ) s- category missile . lot 7043 . the s-30 explosive tritonal . and a dozen of the S - 76 . mortar : m-category # 1 , 4 , 8 , 20 , and 60 . m- 229' , he need eleven of this . mine : the pre-90s ap 5s and ap lis . yinsen ( in Arabic ) ... this area free of clutter , with good light . he want it at 12 o'clock to the door to avoid logjam . he need welding gear -- acetylene or propane , helmet , a solder set - up with goggle , and smelting cup . two full set of precision tool . Abu get exasperate by the never-end list . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a32 b32 c32 d32 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26-27a . continued : a32 tony yinsen finally , I want : three pair finally , he need : three of tube sock , white , a pair of tube sock , white , a toothbrush , protein powder , toothbrush , protein powder , spice , sugar , five pound of spice , sugar , five pound of tea , card . ( think , then ) tea , and some play card . and a wash machine . top ( pause ) and a wash load . machine . top load . Abu 's eye bulge . he get in tony 's face . abu ( in Arabic ) a washing machine ? doe he think I 'm a fool ? tony ( to Abu ) must have everything . great Satan make big boom - kill for powerful Abu bakar . Big boom-kill . omitted b32 omitted c32 int . lab - cave — next day - day d32 tony pull open a missile - housing and remove a glass ring from the inner working of its gut . then -- he lead yinsen up to a large missile crate . they remove the chip-rack cylinder from a larger warhead . yinsen you do know they have remove all the explosive before they bring this to we . tony I know , they be crazy not stupid . tony walk the heavy chip-rack to the work - bench and remove a tiny palladium strip . tony this be what we be look for . I need eleven of this . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . d32 e32 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : yinsen eleven ? int . lab - cave - ( later ) - day 26-27b . d32 e32 shot of : yinsen remove chip-rack cylinder , bring they to tony . tony extract palladium strip . tony heat the palladium to 1825 kelvin . yinsen ( at furnace ) how will I know when it reach that temperature ? tony the palladium will melt . later : insert of : tony wrap a copper coil around the glass ring . insert of : tony drop palladium strip into a crucible on the fire . insert of : tony sculpt a sand - mold for the palladium ring . later : shot of : yinsen bring the crucible of melt palladium to tony . tony careful , careful ... yinsen relax . I always have steady hand . it 's why you be still alive . tony oh yeah , thanks . what do I call you ? yinsen my name be yinsen . tony Nice to meet you . yinsen Nice to meet you too . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . ( continued ) e32 f32 g32 h32 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26-27c . continued : e32 later : shot of : tony lift the palladium ring out of the mold with a tweezer . yinsen what be you building ? tony a better mousetrap . omitted f32 omitted g32 int . lab - cave - day h32 tony plug a cable into the generator . tony what be you shave for ? we be almost do . yinsen ( take he time shave ) look like a animal , and soon you will start behave like one . tony throw a generator switch . the light go up and down . insert shot of : the finish rt device , wire to the generator cable , beginning to glow on the workbench . yinsen wipe he face , and trail tony to the workbench . he undoe the wire , hold up the glow rt device . yinsen that do not look like a jericho missile . tony that 's because it 's a miniature ark reactor . it should suspend the shrapnel in my chest and keep it from enter my heart . yinsen what a original invention . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . h32 j32 k32 32 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26-27d . continued : h32 tony yeah , but this one be go to last a bit longer than a week . yinsen it 's pretty small , what can it generate ? tony Three gigajoule -- per second . yinsen marvel . yinsen that could run you heart for fifty lifetime . tony or something very big for fifteen minute . they eye meet a moment , then -- tony let 's put it in . int . raza 's control room - cave - hour later - day j32 push in - monitor : tony lie on a workbench , yinsen craning over he . push in - on : raza , watch as he spoon peanut - butter from a military airdrop care - package . omitted k32 int . tony 's office - stark INTERNATIONAL - day 32 pepper enter and be surprised to see obadiah sit behind tony 's desk , head in he hand . obadiah sorry , do I startle you ? pepper a little ... he watch as pepper swap yesterday 's unread L.A. Times and Wall Street Journal with today 's . her little vigil . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 32 33 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26-27e . continued : 32 stane rise , gaze out the window at the vast Stark compound . pepper come up behind he . obadiah this be a bad idea , I should never have let he go over there ... he start to break down . she touch he shoulder . pepper hey , hey ... we have get to be strong , he 's go to be okay . he compose himself , nod . CUT to : int . lab - cave - week later - day 33 close on - tony 's old car battery : we follow the wire and end on the bloody chest plate , no longer in tony 's chest . insert - tracking shot : of new set dress , revealing that time have pass and ' missile 's component have progress ( we see jig ) . we find tony , bearded and filthy now , cut metal flat - stock with a torch . his shirt be crack open , revealing the glow rt device in he chest . he snuff the torch , look over he shoulder at -- yinsen concentrate on building a backgammon board . tony secretly begin fill a cylinder with gas from the torch . yinsen ( flick a glance at tony ) Stark , tell I what you be do , and I ‘’11 tell you what I be do . tony look to I like you be make a crappy backgammon board . yinsen crappy ? this be lebanese cedar . tony be that where you be from , Lebanon ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26-27f . 33 continued : 33 yinsen I be impressed you even know what this be . ( then ) how about we play , and if I win , you tell I what you be really make . tony '' a " I do not know what you talk about . '' B '' I be the backgammon champ at MIT four year run . yinsen interesting , I be the champion at Cambridge . tony please do not use ' interesting 's and Cambridge in the same sentence . ( then ) be that still a school ? yinsen it 's a university . you probably have not hear about it since Americans can not get in . tony unless they be teach . the door-slat fly open . Abu again . he bark , more stern than usual . tony stop , the secret cylinder he be fill , , clatter to the floor . yinsen notice , look at tony . Abu , Ahmed and Omar enter , follow by razaa guard . they take up position , rigid . raza enter ( he speak English ) . raza relax . they lower they hand . silence as raza meander , pick up and put thing down . he almost step on tony 's secret cylinder , but then see the wash machine . he shoot Abu a cold look and turn to the workbench and -- peruse tony 's onion - paper schematics of the missile . raza the bow and arrow be once the pinnacle of weapon technology . it allow the great genghis Khan to rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine . he push the schematics around try to make sense of they . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26-27g . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 raza today ... whoever have the latest Stark weapon rule this land . soon it will be my turn ... a beat as raza look back and forth between yinsen and tony . raza ( to yinsen in urdu ) what 's really go on here ? yinsen ( in urdu ) nothing . we be work . raza ( in urdu ) it 's be a long time . where 's the weapon ? yinsen ( in urdu ) he 's work very hard . it 's very complex . yinsen flick a glance at tony , who watch apprehensive . raza ( to Abu , in urdu ) get he on he knee . yinsen be force to he knee by Abu and Ahmed . use tong , raza lift a hot coal from the furnace and approach yinsen . raza ( in urdu ) tell I what be go on ? yinsen ( in urdu ) nothing ! nothing be go on . raza ( in urdu ) OPEN you mouth ! yinsen will not do it . Abu and Ahmed force he mouth open . close on - coal : head for yinsen 's mouth . he struggle . raza ( in urdu ) tell I now ! ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 33 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 26-27h . continued : ( 3 ) 33 yinsen ( in urdu ) he 's building you bomb . the glow coal nearly at yinsen 's mouth now .... then -- raza drop the coal on the floor in front of yinsen and leave . raza 's man follow and slam the door shut . yinsen gather himself , then -- yinsen that 's twice I save you life . now be you go to tell I what the hell you be really building ? they eye hold , then -- CUT to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 34 35 a36 b36 c36 d36 e36 f36 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 28 . close on - light - board : as it 's flicked on . 34 tony lay schematic after schematic on the glass . close on - yinsen : surprise register . yinsen finally , a idea of you own . omitted 35 omitted a36 omitted b36 omitted c36 omitted d36 int . tunnel - cave - day e36 we follow Abu in a tunnel , head for the lab . he shove the door-slat aside . abu 's Pov - through slat : tony , shave in front of the break mirror , turn . int . lab - cave - continuous - day f36 Abu shut the door slat . tony wipe he face , pull on a pair of glove as he go to the furnace . he take a white - hot piece of metal from the forge and start pound on it . yinsen , solder a complex circuit , look up . he be strike by the image of tony , strong and resolute , hammer away . slowly push in on - tony : hammer away . yinsen ( 0.s . ) my people have a tale , about a Prince -- much hate by he King -- who be banish to the underworld and jaile there ... ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 28a . f36 continued : f36 boom ! boom ! the hammer blow echo . yinsen ( 0.s. ) the evil King give he the most difficult labor -- work the iron pit . tony 's muscle ripple , sweat fly . yinsen ( 0.s. ) Year after year the Prince mine the heavy ore , become so strong he could crush piece of it together with he bare hand . too late , the King realize he mistake ... Dazzling spark fly around tony . yinsen ( 0.s. ) when he strike at the Prince with he finest sword -- it break in half . the Prince himself have become strong as iron ... tony , sweat , hold up the metal he 's be work on -- a crude iron mask stare back . he toss the mask down . it lie there smoking and pulsing with heat . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 29 . f36 continued : ( 2 ) f36 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 36 37 38 aa39 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 30 . omitted 36 int . hallway - stark INTERNATIONAL hq - day 37 from down the hallway , pepper watch obadiah and rhodey in close , heavy conversation . obadiah , grave , look over and catch pepper 's eye , then he walk off , shaking he head . rhodey on he way out . pepper step into he path . pepper so that 's it ? everyone 's pull the plug and move on ... rhodey there 's nothing leave we can do . if there be any indication tony be still alive -- pepper spare I . I read the official e- mail . think maybe you would have something different to say . rhodey follow she into -- int . pepper' office - continuous - day 38 pepper if anyone could figure out how to beat the odd , it 's tony . if it be you over there , he have be find a way to get you back . or invent a new one . rhodey what do you want I to do ? pepper be a better friend to he . and with that , she storm out , leave he stung . ext . edward a.f.b. — day ba39 rhodey , duffel sling in front of a C - 17 , be shipping out on a line of soldier . General Gabriel pull up on a golf cart and approach . everyone salute . the General pull rhodey aside . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . aa39 continued : salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 30a . aa39 general gabriel what do you think you be do , Rhodes ? rhodey go back there , Sir . general gabriel listen , son -- it 's be three month without a single indication that Stark be still alive . we can not keep risk asset , least of all you . rhodey be you block my transfer , Sir ? general gabriel ( look around ) any one of this guy would kill for you career . be you tell I you be willing to sacrifice that to fly a bunch of snake - eater on a desert patrol half way around the world ? rhodey I be , Sir . general gabriel then I have one thing to say to you : godspeed . he salute rhodey . rhodey salute back . general gabriel ( to the soldier ) as you be . rhodey turn and head up the ramp into the load bay . no '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . duplication without marvel 's written consent . a39 b39 39 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 31 . int . lab - cave - week later - day a39 tony put the finish touch on a strange box housing a laser - pointer , fan and tinsel . he tape the box shut , peek through a tiny hole in its side . tony 's Pov - into BOX : it look like the furnace flame in the dark . int . raza 's control room - night b39 Guards , bored and tired mill about . close on - surveillance monitor : which show the furnace glow in the dark lab . there be a brief shift in the image , and we -- CUT to : int . lab - cave - same time - night 39 the strange box tony be work on be be affix over the surveillance camera . new angle a work - light be on , revealing tony and yinsen by the workbench . a sensor on tony 's leg be couple to a contraption . yinsen watch intently as -- tony plug a wire into he rt ' heart 's , a moment as -- data race up on the crusty laptop ... then -- as tony move he leg , the contraption on the table spring to life , respond to he action . tony 's chest - device , which dim with the power loss . the two menus eye drift up and hold . triumph . tony ( unplugge himself ) we be ready . a week of assembly and we be a go . yinsen then perhaps it 's time we settle another matter ... '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 31a . int . lab - cave - day 40 tony and yinsen eat and play backgammon . yinsen ah , anchore with 13 - 7 . you know , I have never meet anyone who understand the nuance of this game like you . tony right back at ya . tony you never tell I where you be from . a moment , then -- yinsen I come from a small village not far from here . it be a good place ... before this man ravage it . tony do you have a family ? yinsen when I get out of here , I be go to see they again . ( then ) do you have family , Stark ? tony +.- no . yinsen you be a man who have everything and nothing . Abu shout from the door slat and enter . yinsen ( in Arabic ) you laundry 's over there . Abu go to a basket where he laundry be neatly fold . he smell it , ‘ah , clean clothes . 's he head for the door , shaking he head as he see they play backgammon . abu ( in Arabic ) you idiot do not know what you be do with that game . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 40 4l 42 a43 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 31b . continued : 40 tony yeah - yeah , enjoy you laundry . Abu be about to head out when raza enter . Abu freeze . raza eye 's dip to the laundry , then without warning -- he shoot Abu in the head . tony and yinsen stand there , stock-still . raza you have till tomorrow to assemble my missile . he walk out . his henchmen grab Abu 's leg and drag he out . the silence hang there , then -- omitted 4l omitted 42 int . raza 's control room - cave - next day - day a43 Guards pour over a map , discuss heatedly . other clean and re-assemble weapon . Khalid keep watch at the monitor . close on - monitor : where we see yinsen labor furiously behind the jig . raza enter , wiping he face and neck with a towel . he drift to the monitor , observe . Troubled he lean in , stare intently . close - on monitor : yinsen still go like hell behind the jig . raza ( in urdu ) Khalid . where be Stark ? he tap the monitor . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 43 44 45 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 31c . int . corridor outside lab - cave - minute later - day 43 Khalid arrive , pull the slat aside and peek in . he glimpsis a disembody yinsen work behind the jig . khalid yinsen ! yinsen ! yinsen ignore he , keep work . reverse angle - of khalid : in the door-slat . below , the ied 44 cylinder ( propane tank tony fill earlier ) , be rig to the door-latch . back to : Khalid , as he turn to he man , who ratchet they gun . he 45 unlock the door . it will not open . he shoulder it and -- the door explode in he face . smoke . debris . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 46 47 48 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 32 . int . raza 's control room - same time - day 46 raza witness the explosion on the surveillance monitor . int . lab - cave - same time - day 47 close on - the laptop screen : program bar load slowly . tony ( 0.s. ) it 's freeze , the system be not talk to each other . reset ! yinsen no , they be move . very slow . we glimpse a bulky chest piece be lower over tony . the staccato whine of pneumatic tool as yinsen seal tony in . int . raza 's control room - minute later - day 48 raza , at he monitor , orchestrate he man over the radio . CUT to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a49 b49 49 50 51 52 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 33 . omitted a49 omitted b49 hallway - day 49 raza 's man cautiously approach . CUT to : inside lab 50 yinsen eye the laptop , the bar creep ever so slowly . he turn , listen to the shout men outside grow louder . tony get to you cover . remember the checkpoint -- make sure each one be clear before you follow I out . a decision , then yinsen run out . tony yinsen ! CUT to : outside lab - day 51 yinsen grab dead Khalid 's weapon and run into the tunnel , fire in the air . yinsen 's Pov : round a corner , encounter raza 's man . he open fire -- the man be catch off guard , and retreat . yinsen chase , fire madly , unleash pent - up rage . he enter the outer cavern , and be confront by raza and he troops . yinsen lower he weapon to the ground . int . lab - cave - second later - day 52 tony's Pov : trap in the suit , watch the load bar on the laptop get close . suddenly -- multiple burst of gunfire . tony throw a look . silence . CUT to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a53 b53 53 54 55 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 33A . tunnel - second later - day a53 raza 's Guards , run at we , shouting . CUT to : lab - cave - same time - day b53 the load bar on the laptop finish they cycle and -- a surge of power to the suit dim the light . outside the lab - same time - day 53 the light dim to darkness . raza 's Guards , scared , inch up on the lab . two of they break off and move forward -- inside the lab 54 the two Guards enter the dark , smoky lab cautiously . it appear desert . then , a Guard stop , turn slowly -- in the dark , a eerie glow , twin-flame . the scream of surging metal and we -- CUT to : outside the lab 55 as the two insurgent scream and be flung back out . the other Guards fire wildly into the lab . as they re-load -- the thump and screech of metal . a glow chest plate . the flicker of blue pilot light , and finally , out of the smoke , the complete nightmare vision -- Iron man -- the original Gray armor . the insurgent backpedal , fire , but tony keep come , foot crunching on the cave floor . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 56 57 58 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 34 . int . raza 's control room - day 56 raza strapping on he flak vest , grab a rpg launcher . int . exit tunnel - day 57 the crazy streak of tracers , bounce off tony . a insurgent jump from a side - corridor , fire he pistol point - blank at the back of Iron man 's head . ping ! the bullet ricochet back , kill the man instantly . new angle as Iron man clump towards the light of freedom , insurgent spill out of nook , in front of he , behind he , fire -- tony 's arm swivel , knock Guards down , absorb countless round . the suit be shredd , smoking , pockmark . CUT to : raza 58 head down a tunnel with a rpg . a wounded Guard grab onto he , jabber . raza shove he aside . CUT to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 58 a salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 35 . 58a 59 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 36 . tony 59 turn into the main chamber and see yinsen on the ground . yinsen stop ! stop ! tony stop and a rpg whizze past he nose , explode in the wall next to he . he turn , see -- raza , in the intersect tunnel , calmly load another rpg . tony prime he flame thrower , but they malfunction . both man square off . raza aim , but now tony 's flame thrower kick in and -- raza flatten as twin-plume of fire envelope he . he scream , grab a dead soldier as a shield . tony turn clear insurgent out of the tunnel with he flame thrower . then he return to yinsen . tony we could have make it . both of we . you could have see you family again . yinsen I be go to see they again . they be wait for I . and now tony understand -- yinsen 's family be dead . yinsen grin , then sag into himself , dead . rage overtake tony . he steam towards the exit , roaring . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 60 61 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 37 . ext . exit tunnel - day 60 raza 's man flee as a deluge of flame shoot from the tunnel . then -- tony emerge , the gray armor scar and sizzling . insurgent keep fire , try to draw he from -- the massive ammo dump under the camouflage . but tony be relentless , keep move towards it . tony turn he flame thrower on the crate . they begin to burn -- the stark logo eat by flame . and now -- a wither barrage of gunfire knock tony to he knee . the hose to he flame thrower be pierce , set he arm on fire . another bullet catch a seam and enter he shoulder . but tony struggle back to he foot . the suit grind . he push further into the maze , torch everything . more gunfire ping and ricochet off he , piece of the gray armor begin to come loose . now -- tony open a metal flap on he arm , flip a red switch . and now something incredible happen -- a whine build to a roar . tony tuck , angle forward as -- heel -booster glow white hot , kick up desert plume -- and then he blast off like a missile , rise hundred of foot . one insurgent watch dumbstruck , as tony arc across the sky towards a mountain pass . and then -- the first ammo dump ignites . then another and another , fire rose join in a hellish conflagration . and barely outpace the fireball -- ext . sky - continuous - day 61 the gray armor shoot towards we . tony clear the mountain ridge by inch , and then -- his booster be suddenly spend . he plunge like a human cannonball . tony's Pov - through suit : the Earth swell up at we and -- '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 62 63 64 65 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 38 . ext . sand dune - day 62 tony thud into the sand , piece of the armor split away . daze , he struggle from the exo-skeleton . he stagger into the dune , away from the smoke and distant explosion . he 's tear up , clutching a bullet wound . he fall , get up again , keep move . ext . sand dune - dusk / night 63 tony stagger down a dune , die from thirst . behind he -- a usaf blackhawk suddenly rise over the lip of the dune . tony turn , fall over . moment later -- rhodey , wind , appear over we . a grin form . rhodey save you ass be get to be a full time job . ext . edward a.f.b. — day 64 in the heat shimmer , a hulk form become a taxiing C - 17 . new angle - minute later - day 65 the rear ramp of the C - 17 come down . Light blind rhodey and tony -- who 's in a wheelchair . tony's Pov : pepper be reveal as the ramp land . rhodey wheel he down . as they reach the ramp 's end -- tony help I out of this thing -- he struggle to he foot , falter . rhodey steady he . rhodey I get you , pal . they walk together as pepper come forward . she meet eye with rhodey , and he nod to she . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 39 . 65 continued : 65 pepper thank you . and now she face tony . a ghost of he former self , but she put on a brave face . tony ( manage a smile ) you eye be red . a few tear for you long - lose boss ? pepper tear of joy . I hate job hunt . hogan come around , hold the limo door open for tony . hogan good to see you again , sir. tony you do something new with you hair ? hogan would not dream of it , sir. pepper help tony into the limo . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 40 . 66 int . roll silver phantom - idling - day 66 awkward silence . pepper meet eye with hogan in the mirror . hogan where to , Mr. Stark ? pepper we be due at the hospital . tony no -- to the office . ( then ) I have be in captivity for three month . there 's only two thing I want to do . I want to eat a cheeseburger . and I want to hold a press conference . off pepper 's stunne look -- 67 ext . stark INTERNATIONAL hq - day 67 tony 's limo pull up , hogan let tony out . he finish a cheeseburger and hogan take the wrapper . obadiah be wait there with a group of gather employee . they all start applaud . obadiah with arm outstretch -- obadiah see this . huh. huh . he hug tony warmly , speak close . obadiah tony , think we be meeting at the hospital . you know there 's a lot of reporter in there . what 's go on ? tony you will see . C ’mon -- they head inside . 68 omitted 68 a70 omitted a70 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 69 70 71 72 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 omitted omitted omitted int . stark industries lobby - day pack with Reporters wait for the hundred - carat headline . pepper be approach by agent phil coulson ( 40s ) . pepper you will have to take a seat , Sir . coulson oh , I be not a reporter . I be agent phil coulson with the Strategic homeland intervention , enforcement and logistic division -- pepper that 's a mouthful . coulson I know . here . he hand she a card . she squint at the tiny font . pepper look , Mr. coulson , we have already speak with the d.o.d. , the FBI , the CIA -- coulson we be a separate division with a more ... specific focus . we need to debrief tony about the circumstance of he escape . more importantly -- pepper ( cut he off ) well , great , I x11 let he know -- coulson -- we be here to help . we be here to listen . I assure you Mr. Stark will want to talk to we . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 41 . 69 70 71 72 ( continued ) 72 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 41a . continued : 72 pepper I be sure he will . now if you could just take you seat . new angle as tony enter , struggle he way to the podium , follow by obadiah . tony gaze out over the reporter . suddenly he seem vulnerable , scattered . the silence grow awkward . obadiah be mercifully go to save he when -- tony I ...ca not do this anymore . pregnant silence . everyone wait for the Stark punch -line . finally , a reporter venture -- reporter # 1 you mean you be retire ? tony no , I do not want to retire . I want to do something else . the room wait through more awkward silence , then -- reporter # 1 something besides weapon ? tony yes . that 's right . the room be suddenly buz with overlap question -- reporter # 2 the official report be sketchy . what happen to you over there , Mr. Stark ? tony be pensive , then the floodgates open . tony what happen over there ? I have my eye open , that 's what happen . I see my weapon , with my name on they , in the hand of thug . I think we be do good here ... I can not say that anymore . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 72 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 41b . continued : ( 2 ) 72 rhodey , just arrive in the rear , pull up to pepper . rhodey uhh , be not we take he to the hospital ? pepper be transfix . nearby , agent coulson watch stoically . reporter # 2 what do you intend to do about it , Mr. Stark ? tony the system be break -- there 's no accountability whatsoever . right now , as of this second , we be freezing the sale of all Stark weaponry worldwide . now the room be in chaos . obadiah 's ready to wrap this up , and move towards tony . tony we have lose we way . I need to be - evaluate thing . and my heart 's tell I I have more to offer the planet than thing that blow up . reporter # 3 so you be say ... what be you say ? tony ( arm around stane ) in the come month , Mr. stane here and I will set a new course for Stark industry . '' tomorrow today '' have always be we slogan . it 's time we try to live up to it . the question be now fire in a cacophony . obadiah take the podium . obadiah okay , I think we be go to be sell a lot of newspaper here . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 41c. 72 continued : ( 3 ) 72 obadiah ( cont would ) what we should take away from this be that tony 's back , he 's healthier than ever , and as soon as he heal up and take some time off , we be go to have a little internal discussion and get back to you . thank you for come by . tony step down , exhilated . he work he way through the swarm reporter , approach rhodey and pepper -- who have stunne look on they face . pepper you mean that ? or be this some clever stock - maneuver ? tony wait and see . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 73 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 ext . stark INTERNATIONAL hq - ark reactor - day ext . stark INTERNATIONAL hq - arc reactor - day stane approach tony , who stare at the Arc reactor while eat fries and sip a Coke . obadiah well that go well . you just paint target on we head . we stock be go to take a 40 point dive tomorrow . tony say nothing . obadiah ( cont 'd ) ( consider a new tact ) tony , we be a weapon manufacturer . turn this company around to make baby bottle be like try to get a bear to walk on its hind leg . tony I do not want a body count to be my only legacy . there be other thing we can do . obadiah like what ? tony we could develop the Arc reactor . obadiah point to the arc. obadiah this ? this be a publicity stunt . it 's not even cost effective . we know that before we build it . repulsor technology be a dead end . tony rip open he shirt , revealing the glow rt . tony no it be not . obadiah ( touch the rt ) oh my God . it be a miracle you be alive . what must have happen to you over there ? ( more ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . ( continued ) ee + HH HH + HH * + ff hhh F +e * hf salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : obadiah ( cont would ) ( hug tony ) we be a team . there be nothing we can not do if we stick together -- like you father and I . let I handle this . but you have to lay low . do not talk to the press again . can you do that for I ? tony yes . thanks obie . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . + HH HH % 74 a75 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 44 , omitted 74 int . tony 's livingroom - night at75 as tony enter , the house come alive . window and light change color . the tv turn on . jarvis load all of tony 's preference . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a75 75 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 45 . continued : a75 jarvis hello , Mr. Stark . tony hello , jarvis . jarvis what can I do for you ? tony ...- I need to build a better heart . jarvis I be not sure I follow , Sir . tony give I a scan and you will see . int . tony 's workshop - night 75 tony , shirtless and wear goggle , sit in the 3d laser scanner . laser play over he , mapp he entire body . jarvis what be you intention for this device ? monitor : terabyte of data race past . tony it power a electromagnet which keep the shrapnel from enter my heart . can you recommend any ugrade ? jarvis it be difficult to offer counsel in light of the fact that you state intention be inconsistent with you action . monitor : tony 's chest device magnify . its various component flash as jarvis analyze they . tony what be you talk about ? that be ridiculous . that be exactly the purpose of this invention . monitor : go deeper and deeper through the strata of tony 's device . like it 's a city unto itself . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 45a. 75 continued : 75 jarvis the energy yeild of this device outperform you state intention by eleven order of magnitude . you could accomplish you state goal with the power output of a car battery . tony step from the booth . all around he , calculation flash at blind speed . tony upgrade recommendation . list . jarvis why be you talk to I like a computer ? tony because you be act like one . jarvis shall I disable random pattern conversation ? tony no . it 's ok . you be the only one who understand I . jarvis I do not understand you sir . tony be you always this dry ? I remember you have more personality than this . jarvis should I activate sarcasm harmonics ? tony Fine . could you please make you recommendation now ? jarvis it would thrill I to no end . tony ahh that 's more like it . jarvis should I begin machine the part ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 75 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 45b . continued : ( 2 ) 75 tony Machine away . various shot : tony load raw metal stock onto a lathe and begin cut . a robot arm organize piece of cut stock . the cnc Machine come to life and begin milling part . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 76 77 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 46 . omitted 76 ext . sand dune - afghanistan - day 77 Metal finger protrude from the sand . a filthy human hand reach into frame , freeing a metal gauntlet from the desert floor . then , we reveal -- horse and old pickup , scattered as man scavenge among the dune . a Toyota pickup fly the banner of the ten ring . a burly man , he back to we , lean on the bed-mount machine - gun . as we track around he we can see it 's -- raza , he terrible scar still raw from Iron man 's flame - thrower . he swat fly from he wound . in one hand -- raza hold tony 's batter helmet , stare into its eyelet . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 77 78 a79 b79 79 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 47 . continued : 77 raza ( subtitle ) keep look . I want all of it . omitted 78 omitted a79 int . tony 's bedroom - day b79 knock on the door , enter . the bed be untouched . the flatscreen tv be on -- Jim cramer deliver a sermon . cramer ( on tv ) Stark International : I have get one recommendation . ready ? seellll ! abandon ship ! do the hindenburg ring any bell ? cramer push one of he big red button , and we hear the sound of shrieking . pepper shut it off as she talk on the phone and head out to ... int . tony 's live room - continuous - day 79 pepper click on she headset . coulson ( 0.s. ) hello . this be agent coulson with Strategic homeland inter - pepper ( cut he off ) yes . I remember . what can I do for you ? intercut - phil coulson 's office - same time a plain government - issue office . on he desk , newspaper with headline : '' stark raving mad ? '' '' stark lunacy '' . coulson I have leave a number of message try to get something on the book with Mr. Stark . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 47a . 79 continued : 79 pepper I know this be a priority for he . the next few week be a bit up in the air and I can not set appointment without speak with he first . coulson do you know when you will be speak with he again ? pepper not sure . intercut - tony 's live room - same time pepper be interrupt by the intercom . it 's tony -- tony ( 0.s. ) pepper ? how big be you hand ? coulson what be that ? pepper agent coulson , I really have to go . let I get back to you later . she hang up . pepper ( then to the vox ) what ? tony ( 0.s. ) how big be you hand ? pepper I do not under -- tony ( 0.s. ) -- just get down here . 80 int . tony 's workshop - second later - day 80 dim and unsettle . she find tony shirtless in a chair , she see he chest device for the first time and steel herself . tony show I you hand . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 80 continued : she do . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 47b . 80 pepper what ? tony just show I you hand . tony ( cont 'd ) perfect , they be small . I need you to help I . pepper ( be : heart ) so that 's the thing that 's keep you alive . tony that 's the thing that be keep I alive . it be now a antique . this be what will be keep I alive for the foreseeable future . he hold up the newly fabricate , higher tech replacement chest piece . no pepper amazing . tony I be go to swap they out and switch all function to the new unit . pepper be it safe ? tony completely . first I need you to reach in and -- pepper ( off - put ) reach in to where ? tony the socket . pepper what socket ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . duplication without marvel 's written consent . 80 continued : no salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 47c . ( 2 ) 80 tony the chest socket . listen carefully , because we have to do this ina matter of minute . pepper or else what ? tony I can go into cardiac arrest . pepper I think you say it be safe . tony I do not want you to panic . pepper oh my god ... tony stay with I . I need you to relieve the pressure on my myocardial nerve . pepper I do not know how to do that . tony I be tell you . pepper sorry ... tony listen . I be go to lift off the old chest piece -- pepper wo not that make you die ? tony not immediately . when I lift it off I need you to reach into the socket as far as you hand can fit and gently move the housing away from my heart . do you know which direction that be ? pepper to the right . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . duplication without marvel 's written consent . 80 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 47d . continued : ( 3 ) 80 tony to my right . you leave . pepper to the leave . tony right . pepper Left . tony right . Left . pepper begin to reach in . pepper how deep do this go ? tony keep go . she reach uncomfortably deep . tony ( cont 'd ) that 's it . deeper . now press . yes . it 's release . she pull she hand out cover in a nasty pink slime . pepper ew !!! pus ! tony it 's not pus . it 's a inorganic plasmic discharge . it 's from the device , not my body . pepper well it smell . be I do ? tony yes . thank you . pepper can I wash my hand now ? she walk to the sink as tony drop a drain into the open . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 80 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : ( 4 ) tony the new unit be much more efficient . this should not happen again . pepper good , cause it 's not in my job description . tony it be now . pepper I do not suppose you want to go over thing ? the robot arm set in the new heart piece . tony can it at least wait until I install my new untest ground - break self - contain power source and lifesave device prototype ? pepper I suppose . she examine the old chest piece . tony throw that thing out . pepper do not you want to save it ? tony why ? it 's antiquated . pepper you make it out of spare part ina dungeon . it save you life . do not it at least have some nostalgic value ? tony pepper . I have be call many thing . nostalgic be not one of they . the new chest light brightly . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 47e . 80 ( continued ) 80 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 47f . continued : ( 5 ) 80 tony ( cont 'd ) there . good as new . thank you . pepper you be welcome . can I ask you a favor ? tony shoot . pepper I do not do well under that kind of pressure . if you need someone to do something like that again , get somebody else . tony I do not have anyone else . they share a rare moment without word . a smile ? pepper will that be all , Mr. Stark ? tony that will be all , Ms. pott . she exit . he watch , then stand up . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 48-49 , 80 continued : ( 6 ) 80 a81 omitted a81 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 81 82 a83 b83 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 50 . omitted 81 omitted 82 int . tony 's workshop - day later - day a83 sketch and diagram splay on the worktable . tony finish solder work on two sculpt metal boot . monitor flicker behind he , the robot arm '' look '' over he shoulder . jarvis ( 0.s. ) still have trouble walk , Sir ? tony this be not for walk . new angle - later - day b83 tony , finish mark a ' test circle 's with piece of tape . he 's now wear the boot , wire to a chest ' bandolier 's . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . b83 ba83 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 51 . continued : b83 tony ready to record the big moment , jarvis ? jarvis all sensor ready , Sir . tony we will start off easy . ten percent . tony activate hand - control joystick . he shoot up , flip over and out of frame . crashes . after a beat -- jarvis ( 0.s. ) that flight yield excellent data , sir. tony great . I , uhh , think I know what this need . int . hangar - edward a.f.b. — day ba83 rhodey pace before a F - 22 and a Global Hawk drine . Student pilot be assemble before he . rhodey manned or unmanned , which be the future of air combat ? for my money , no drine , no computer will ever trump a pilot 's instinct . his reflex , he judgement -- a voice chime in from the depth -- voice ( 0.s. ) why not take it a step further ? new angle tony 's be watch from the shadow . tony why not ... a pilot without the plane ? rhodey that I would like to see . ( then ) look who fall out of the sky ... ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 s1a . ba83 continued : ba83 tony ( to the pilot ) who want to take this apart and put they back together ? rhodey ( to the pilot ) all right -- let 's wrap it up . tony walk to rhodey as the pilot trickle out , buzzing and steal look at tony . rhodey I do not think I have be see you for a while . tony why not ? rhodey figure you have need a little time . tony why do everybody think I need time ? rhodey you have be through a lot , think you should get you head straight . tony I have get it straight . and I be back to work . rhodey really ? tony I be onto something big . I want you to be a part of it . rhodey lot of people around here will be happy to hear that . what you say at that press conference really throw everyone . tony I mean what I say . rhodey no you do not . you take a bad hit . it spun you around . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . ba83 c83 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 51b . continued : ( 2 ) ba83 it hang . then ... tony maybe I do need a little time . rhodey all right then . good see you . tony likewise . tony walk from the hangar . rhodey watch he go . int . tony 's workshop - day later - night c83 tony test out the prototype of a gauntlet . clip the gauntlet wire to the chest bandolier . he extend he arm , let off a burst of rt from he palm -- it tip over a toolbox , scatter wrench . pepper , who 's be watch in the b.g. , approach . pepper think you be do with weapon . tony it 's a flight -stabilizer . pepper well , watch where you be point you '' fight -stabilizer '' , would you ? ( then ) obadiah 's upstairs -- should I tell he you be in ? tony be right up . she leave a small package on a worktable and depart . tony turn , spot the box . intrigue , he tear it open to find -- his old chest - device , mount in lucite , glow faintly . it 's inscribe : proof that tony stark have a heart ... he smile . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 52 . 83 int . tony 's live room - night 83 obadiah set a pizza down on the table . tony pace , full of manic energy . tony this -- this be the big-big idea . it can pull the company in a whole new direction . obadiah that 's great . get I the design as soon as you can . we have gota hungry production line that knock out a prototype in day . tony look at obadiah , get emotional . tony you know , I have a moment there where I be ... reluctant ... but I know now I make the best decision . I feel like I be do something ... right , finally . ( meaning it ) thank you for support I in this . obadiah nod , touch , then -- obadiah listen , I have something to talk to you about . I really wish you would attend the last board meeting like I ask you to . tony I know , I be sorry . what do I miss ? obadiah the board 's file a injunction against you . tony what ? obadiah they claim you be unfit to run the company and want to lock you out . tony how the hell can they do that ? it 's my name on the building ! my idea that drive that company . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 52a . 83 continued : 83 obadiah they be go to try . we ’1ll fight they , of course . tony with the amount of stock we own I think we control the company . obadiah I do not know . somehow they pull enough vote together . listen , the world do not share you vision , tony . the more people have to lose , the more frighten they be of new idea . he pour two drink . tony decline . obadiah now listen , I do not want you to get all in knot . you know how many time I protect you father from the wolf ? tony nod , still troubled . obadiah get back to you lab and work some magic . you let I handle the board . oh and tony , no more press conference . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 84 85 86 omitted omitted omitted salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 53. 84 85 86 87 88 a90 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 54 . omitted 87 int . tony 's workshop - day later - day 88 tony 's suit be now comprise of a stabilizer belt , partially - chrome propulsion boot and the Mark ii gauntlet . everything connect by tub and wire -- he look like a crazy science experiment . tony fire up the boot , hover . then he fire the glove to stabilize . weaving , tilting . he '' surf '' mid-air , try to maintain balance , slowly get the hang of it . then he venture forward , move along the expanse of the lab . dodging piece of equipment , he car collection , a few near miss -- but he maintain control . debris and object be blow from table from the propulsive force . the joy of flight . tony nothing to it ... he cut the propulsion and land . look to jarvis . tony all right . let 's get to work . omitted a90 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 89 90 91 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 55 . omitted 89 black . 90 we pull back -- out of a dark hole in the chest - plate of tony 's original gray armor -- and show the whole batter suit , be piece together by raza 's man . then we -- reveal : int . tent - night raza , he face heal now , watch the armor come together , mesmerize . int . tony 's workshop - a week later - night 91 a humanoid form walk out , shroud in shadow . then , ceiling light clunk on , one - by-one , revealing -- closer - different angle powerful scaly arm and leg . steel vertebrae . the intense glow of tony 's rt '' heart '' through the chestpiece . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 91 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 56 . continued : 91 aileron and air brake pop up as tony move he head and arm , '' stretch '' , get the feel for he new body . the helmet -- its intrepid , steely gaze boring into we . now we see the full - on Mark ii suit , its seam and rivet still visible . the suit hum as it power up . tony standby for calibration . the gauntlet and boot fire up , and tony rise . suddenly -- tony whoa -- he lose balance , fall back onto the hood of he saleen , crush it . the alarm go off . tony kill the alarm with a blast of rt . tony we should take this outside . jarvis ( 0.s . ) I must strongly caution against that . there be terabyte of calculation still need -- tony we will do they in -flight . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 91 92 93 94 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 91 jarvis ( 0.s. ) Sir , the suit have not even pass a basic wind - tunnel test . tony that 's why you be come with I . tony 's Pov - the '' head - up display '' the hud come alive as jarvis '' load '' into the suit 's on - board system . tony fire boot and gauntlet again . he hover , float along the workshop 's driveway . jarvis ( 0.s. ) I suggest you allow I to employ directive four . tony never interrupt I while I be with a beautiful woman ? jarvis ( 0.s. ) that 's directive six . directive four : use any and all mean to protect you life should you be incapable of do so . tony whatever float you , jarvis . omitted 92 omitted 93 intercut . ext . sky - night 94 tony tumble around the sky , try to control he flight . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 95 96 97 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 58 . intercut - int . iron man suit - night 95 tony 's Pov : he '' display '' glow in front of we : altitude , power , vital sign . Beyond that -- the live horizon spin and jiggle out of control . CUT to : ext . sky - night 96 tony tuck he arm and leg tight , thrust he chest , eventually find -- the Delta pose . and suddenly he 's in control . he pull a few turn , and swishes along the ribbon of headlight on the pch . then -- he carve a turn out over the ocean , dive . whoop like a kid on a coaster . the wave flash by fifty foot below and return to shore -- he arc into a high performance climb , pass the Santa monica pier and see -- a kid on the ferris wheel spot he . eye wide -- flash to - kid 's Pov : as Iron man zip past . CUT to : from above a cloud : 97 a glow , then tony shoot out and keep ascend ; a steel icarus reach for the heaven . close on - tony 's mask : ice crystal form . jarvis ( 0.s. ) power : fifteen percent . recommend you descend and re-charge , Sir . but tony be not listen . jarvis ( 0.s. ) acknowledge , Mr. Stark -- CUT to : ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 59 . 97 continued : 97 tony , intoxicate , as the moon beckon , impossibly bright . tony's display : as all indicator begin flash red . jarvis ( 0.s. ) power at five percent . threshold breach -- a pop then everything go dark . tony be yank from he reverie . his display flash : '' system shut -down '' . tony uhh , jarvis ? jarvis --? the glow go from he chest , the suit a dead hull . the world start to pinwheel outside . CUT to : tony , plummete back to Earth in a free fall . pierce the cloud , surging towards the L.A. grid . tony status , status ! reboot --— then : another pop , and a surge . the head - up display flicker back to life , the suit 's power return . jarvis ( 0.s. ) temporary power restore . descend immediately . tony work the booster , to get the suit back under control . tony jarvis , I think we need to chat about , uh , directive four . jarvis ( 0.s . ) May I remind you , the suit feed off the same power source as you life-support . a zero-drain of rt will likely kill you . tony you be a downer , jarvis . but I appreciate the head -up . CUT to : 98 tony , as he descend towards he estate grounds . he attempts98 a elegant landing stance , but can not quite hold it -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 97 a99 99 100 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 97 jarvis ( 0.s. ) shall I take over ? tony no , I get it , I get it -- he punch through the roof of he mansion . int . tony 's live room —- continuous - night a99 he plunge through the foyer ceiling ... int . tony 's workshop - continuous - night 99 and crash through the ceiling of he garage , smash the Shelby cobra which be park next to the damage saleen . he unlatch he helmet and yank it off -- all the car alarm blaring around he . tony perfect . let 's do some upgrade . lab — later 100 tony 's out of the suit , which hang nearby . he 's jazze up , type fast on he terminal . the screen be alive with scrolling data , graphic and diagnostic test . the plasma tv be on low in the b.g . jarvis ( 0.s. ) that be quite dangerous , sir. might I remind you , if the suit lose power , so do you heart . tony yeah , and it do not have a seatbelt either . a few issue : main transducer feel sluggish at plus forty altitude . same go for hull pressurization . I be think icing might be a factor . jarvis ( 0.s. ) the suit be not rate for high altitude . you be expend eight percent power just heating and pressurize . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . * +e HH fh fh hf + eh salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 60a . continued : 100 tony re-configure use the gold - titanium alloy from the seraphim tactical Satellite . it should ensure fuselage integrity to 50 thousand foot , while maintain power - to- weight ratio . jarvis ( 0.s. ) shall I render , utilize propose specification ? tony wow I . on the center screen , the Mark III prototype be be '' build '' by jarvis . the final product appear : a all - gold version of the Mark III . tony regards it . tony hm . bit ostentatious , do not you think ? he look over at -- his hot -rod and motorcycle . tony add a little red , would you ? tony 's distract by the tv . local entertainment reporter stand outside Disney Hall . he grab a remote , turn it up . reporter ( on tv ) tonight 's red- hot Red carpet be here at the Walt Disney concert Hall , where tony Stark 's third annual benefit for the firefighter family Fund have become the go - to charity gala on L.A. ' 's high - society calendar . but this great cause be only part of the story -- the lab begin spring alive as jarvis prep the various machinery . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . + HH HH +e % salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 60b . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 reporter ( on tv ) -- the man whose name grace the gold - lettere invitation have not be see in public since he highly controversial press conference , and rumor abound . some say Stark be suffer from post traumatic stress and have not leave he bed in week . tony return he attention to the -- computer monitor : the red and gold Mark III reveal . jarvis ( 0.s. ) the work could take till morning to complete , sir. tony good . I should come up for air anyway . as tony exit , the Mark III factory get to work . 101 omitted 101 a102 omitted a102 102 a sign : '' firefighter family fund ... '' 102 reveal : ext . disney concert hall - night a fire - truck be park outside . obadiah pose for photo on the red carpet . the crowd be a mix of kingmaker , pol and Generals -- along with celeb and star . suddenly , all the camera swing over to -- tony , deck out , exite he audi r8 . he see a white - haire man in a red smoking jacket , drown between three hot woman . tony slap he on the back . tony eyyy , there he be . my man ! the man turn , it 's not Hugh hefner , but Stan Lee . tony sorry , think you be someone else . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 60c. 102 continued : 102 tony stride up to obadiah , put he arm around he and pose for photo . obadiah what be you do here ? I think you be go to lay low . tony it 's time to start show my face again . obadiah let 's just take it slow , okay . I get the board right where we want they . tony great . tony do not want to talk to they . tony see ya inside . ( smile ) lot to talk about . he head inside . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 102 103 104 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : ( 2 ) omitted int . disney concert hall - night 61 . 102 103 104 a classy band and polite dance . we track in on tony at the bar , pass patron whisper and flick glance . man ( 0.s. ) Mr. Stark . he turn to find phil coulson -- all business . coulson agent coulson . tony oh ... be I suppose to meet you here ? coulson no , but you have not be return my call . this be serious , we need to get something on the book or I all have to go official on you . tony see pepper come down the stair . she look stun in a classic gown . tony yes , you be right . I be go to handle this right now . let I check with my assistant . tony beeline for pepper . she 's surprised to see he . tony miss pott -- can I have five minute ? you look ... you look like should always wear that dress . pepper thanks . it be a birthday present -- from you . tony I have great taste . Care to dance ? tony take she hand and whisk she onto the dance floor . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 104 continued : salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 tony and pepper dance , look good together . tony I be sorry . be I make you uncomfortable ? you seem very uncomfortable . pepper no , I always forget to wear deodorant and dance with my boss in front of everyone I have ever work with in a chiffon dress . tony would it help if I fire you ? pepper you would not last a week without I . tony I be not so sure . pepper what 's you Social Security number ? tony ( smile ) uh ... pepper 119-64-5484 off a share smile we ... '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . 61a . 104 Natural . CUT to : ( continued ) no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 62-63 . 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 105 ext . disney concert hall veranda - night 105 tony and pepper under the star , close together . pepper I be sorry I be so uncomfortable . I hate be the center of attention like that and that 's why this one time in high school when I be suppose to be in a play ... no , never mind ... but you know that 's why I never like , want to have a big wedding ... you know , because I think everyone would be look at I wear a dress . oh , no , no ... I be not say , like , '' wedding . '' no , not like that . I be just say , you know ... he plant one on she . she get quiet . they both do . then ... tony can I get you another glass of wine ? pepper a vodka martini , extra dry , with extra olive as soon as possible . tony okay . he go , then be stop . he go . pepper and , tony ... tony ( wait ) pepper I be not a cheeseburger . tony ( smile ) no . you be not a cheeseburger . she flush . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 62-63a . 105 continued : 105 ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 105 106 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 105 int . disney concert hall - night 106 the party go full tilt . tony take two drink from the bartender . turn to find himself face - to- face with -- the reporter , christine . the one - night stand he can not escape . christine Mr. Stark ! I be hope I could get a reaction from you . tony how 's panic ? christine I be refer to you company 's involvement in this latest atrocity . tony hey , they just put my name on the invitation -- she thrust a dossier of photo out to he . christine be this what you call accountability ? he look at the photo , go stone - face . tony when be this take ? christine yesterday . good p.r. move , you tell the world you be a change man , even I believe you . the photo : victorious insurgent , the ten ring insignia on they vehicle , clutch Stark machine gun , rpgs . behind , a town burn , body strewn . a photo of civilian be march in row , pre-execution , Stark weapon train at they back . tony I do not approve this shipment . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 64a . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 106 continued : 106 christine well you company do . tony come with I . he leave , make a bee line for ... ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 106 a107 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 106 ext . disney concert hall - minute later - night a107 tony stride out to the red-carpet paparazzi . tony I make some promise I be not go to be able to keep . I suggest you pull all you money out of Stark industry immediately -- obadiah be suddenly there , steering tony up the entrance stair . obadiah be this like a tick for you ? whenever you have a feel , you start go to all the people who do not trust you , who do not protect you . they be go to put a spin on everything you say . tony wait a minute . I get to ask you something . I be dead serious about this . I be not kid . be I lose my mind or be pepper really cute ? do you think she 's attractive and interesting , or be it just that she hair be down ? I have be out of the game for a while . obadiah be you out of you mind . you be mess with the '' guy in the room '' , we be talk about billion dollar interest , the world order -- tony I be not worried about that right now -- obadiah -- you should be . you will disappear . I can not protect you against people like that --? the paparazzi have snuck up on they , snap photo . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 65a . a107 continued : a107 obadiah do you mind ? they go further up the stair . obadiah tony do not be so naive -- tony -- naive ? I be naive before , when I be grow up and they tell I do not ever cross this line , this be how we do business . in the meantime we be double - deal under the table . we do not even deserve to represent the United States -- obadiah -- tony , you be a child --! tony -- you do not believe I can turn this company around , do you --? obadiah -- you have get about as much control over thing as a child riding in the backseat of you father 's car with a red plastic steering wheel in you hand . tony maybe I 'il just get out of the car . obadiah you be not even allow in the car . ( then ) I be the one who 's filing the injunction against you . tony be shell - shocked . then , he go after obadiah . they jostle and obadiah back off as tony go ballistic . the paparazzi snap photo . obadiah it 's the only way I could protect you . aki ( from earlier ) and several obadiah 's Men , smile , but steely - eye , step in to prevent tony from follow obadiah to he wait car . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 65b . a107 continued : ( 2 ) a107 tony ( yell after obadiah ) this be go to stop . CUT to : b107 omitted b107 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 107 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 66-67 . int . tony 's workshop - night 107 tony , wear a Mark III gauntlet , wire to he rt chest - piece , turn a screwdriver to adjust the power . on the wall beside he -- a flatscreen tv : live war footage , refugee huddle . the bottom crawl read , '' breaking news - tragedy in gulmira . '' tv reporter' voice -- the ten mile drive to the outskirt of gulmira can only be describe as a descent into Hell , into a modern - day heart of darkness . simple farmer and herder , from peaceful village , drive from they home at the butt of western rifle and the turret of modern tank . displace from they land by warlord and insurgent group emboldene by they newfound power -- a power fuel by high - tech weapon easily purchase with poppy money on the black market -- and further destabilize a fragile region which for decade have be a tinderbox of tribal feud and ethnic hatred -- tony aim the gauntlet at some light fixture . give they a rt blast . they spark and fall from the ceiling . tv reporter' voice ( cont ’d ) the villager have take shelter in whatever crude dwelling they can find -- in the ruin of other raze village , in the cold barren scrubland , or in the remnant of a old Soviet smelting plant . we translator relay to we one human tragedy after another . a seven year old boy , thin as a scarecrow , clutching yellow photograph and hold they out to anyone who would stop , with a child 's simple question : where be my mother and father ? a woman , begging for news of she husband , who have be kidnap by insurgent -- either force to join they militia , or to be shot without reason -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 107 108 a109 109 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 66-67a . continued : 107 tony adjust the gauntlet again , raise the power level . blast a window in the lab , shatter the glass and knock a painting off the wall . tv reporter' voice ( cont ’d ) with no political will or international pressure , there be little hope for this newly - form refugee . refugees who can only wonder one thing : be the world watch ? a final adjustment . another rt blast -- this time tony wipe out the plasma tv screen . new angle - minute later 108 pepper enter , regards the destruction , the massive hole in the ceiling , then tony . he be stoic . pepper be you go to tell I what 's go on ? tony ( never look at she ) get my house in Dubai ready . I want to throw a party . she 's flustered by he abrupt tone . pepper yes . Mr. Stark . ext . dubai skyline - establishing ( stock footage ) - dusk a109 ext . tony 's dubai villa - dusk 109 festively light up , music cranking . expensive car pull up , valet scurrying . beautiful people everywhere . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a110 b110 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 68. int . dubai villa - same time - dusk a110 tony weave through glitzy guest , say hello , shaking hand , slapping shoulder . tycoon tony ! you never say what be the big occasion ? tony ever know I to need one ? the tycoon laugh , as tony keep move . ext . tony 's dubai villa - poolside - hour later - night b110 the party in full tilt now . guest dance everywhere , or splash around in the pool . tony move along , arm -in - arm with two exotic beauty ( dubai beauty # 1 & dubai beauty # 2 ) . pepper approach he . pepper well you seem back in old form . tony life of the party -- be not that what everyone want ? ( then ) cue the firework in five , would you ? dubai beauty # 1 kinky ! he stumble towards the house with the two giggle woman pepper sure. ( with edge ) do not hurt yourself . int . master bedroom - tony 's dubai villa - minute later - 110 night the Dubai beauty tumble onto the huge bed . tony I will be right back . why do not you two ... get start without I . they laugh and he check he watch , then slip out a side door , instantly sober . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 68a . ext . tony 's dubai villa - poolside - minute later - night 111 guest congregate , watch the massive firework show . the hiss and boom of launching and burst rocket . new angle - pepper alone , stare off . she spot a streaking ' rocket 's , but unlike the other , it disappear without explode . closer - firework : heavy concussion , lighting up the sky . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a112 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 69 . ext . sky - dawn all12 tony fly against the backdrop of rise dawn . peaceful . smash CUT to : ext . gulmira - day 112 a mortar explode in we face . smoke drift away revealing -- a terrify mother and she four kide huddle in a cave- like crawlspace . she do not have enough arm to cover they all . there Pov - of ' alley 's outside : a abandon industrial facility . gunfire , scream . in the distance -- ragged tent and shanties be beset upon by black clad irregular force , fire and burn and destroy . Soldiers toss grenade into rat hole . Hunter - killer team fire at offscreen target -- then smile with satisfaction . the oldest of the four kid in the crawlspace dart out into the alley , frantically call -- kid arto ! arto ! on he way back he 's surprised by a four man hunter - killer team . they shout at he to drop the puppy , but he will not . the man cock they gun , briefly distract by a strange rocket - streak in the sky . never mind , they take aim on the boy , and be about to fire when -- iron man land before they , slamm he fist to the ground in the classic granov fist smash . with a single rt blast -- the Soldiers be throw fifty yard . tony scoops up the kid , with the bark mutt in he arm , and they take off . new angle - crawlspace Iron man drop down , deliver kid and dog back to safety . the kid , ignore he mother 's protest , dart back out to watch Iron man . he see -- a soldier fly like a ragdoll from behind a heap of brick . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 70 . continued : 112 the Boy move for a better view and see Iron man in full terrible glory , deflect wither fire while lay waste to a cluster of militant with he fist and burst of rt . refugees slowly emerge from they cover , stunne to watch Soldiers retreate in fear . CUT to : raza , he wound heal like papier - maché , observe he retreate man from a command post . he grab a rifle , step through a building , and spot -- Iron man , in the distance , throw a soldier through a wall . raza scrunches into nook , rivete . new angle - iron man pick a soldier up , who 's about to fire a rpg . hold a rt palm to the man 's face . soldier ( shudder in terror ) geneva Convention ! article Three ! geneva Convention -- tony disarm the soldier , toss he down . the soldier scramble away for he life . suddenly tony be jarre by a sniper 's bullet . intercut - int . tony 's suit - same time a thermal silhouette of a rooftop sniper . tony fire rt , but '' out of range '' flash . CUT to : tony be hit again . he spot a Jeep wheel and grab it . CUT to : calculation cascade across tony 's display , culminate in a hyperbolic arc with a blink target . CUT to : full view of tony as he whip the wheel like a discus . CUT to : ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 114 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 71 . continued : the sniper , as he 's hit and fly off the roof . CUT to : tony , turn , intrepid -- he 's ready to mop up the rest . int . central AIR ops ctr - edward afb - same time - night 113 in the glow of console , and on huge screen , officer watch grainy satellite view of the action on the ground . screen : a vague figure move through the battle haze and smoke . Flying , blast -- insurgent flee . major allen ( 5as ) enter the caoc , take in the image . major allen be we in there ? officer negative , it 's a local skirmish , green - on - green . major allen ( scrutinize the screen ) anyone want to tell I what the hell I be look at ? officer a drine ? a advanced robotic ? we do not know what it be , sir. major allen get someone down here from weapon development -- now . ext . gulmira - same time - day 114 emboldene refugees emerge from hide in drove , when -- a tank shell blast the building next to tony . he stagger . the tank roll towards he smash makeshift hovel . tony get to he foot , square off with the tank , its turret zeroing on he . CUT to : ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 114 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 71a . continued : 114 tony 's h.u.d. : switch to a schematic overlay of the Stark - design tank . he identify its weak spot , then -- CUT to : a forearm panel pop open on tony 's suit , revealing a mini - missile pod . he fire and -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 114 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 114 the missile nail the weak spot . a chain reaction , then -- the tank explode , raining debris . then -- tony be surprised from behind . he whirl , brandish he glow palm . but it 's only -- the little Boy from earlier , hold a apple out to he . he muss the boy 's hair , wave and -- take off . the kid watch in awe . angle on - raza like a rat hide in a crawlspace . he dial on a Sat - phone , watch as Iron man fly below the rafter . raza ( subtitle ) put I through to the boss . angle on - refugees cheer face as tony do a low pass over they , and climb into the sky . the battlefield smolder below as tony rise to the cloud . intercut - int . tony 's suit - same time - day tony jarvis , plot a course for home . intercut - int . central AIR ops ctr - same time - ( night ) rhodey enter , pull off he jacket . he pace past screen take in the sat - image of Iron man 's assault on gulmira . major allen so what do we have here , Rhodes ? rhodey I do not think it 's Russian , or chinese . major allen then where do it come from ? rhodey ( think , then - - ) let I make a call . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72a. continued : rhodey punch a number on a console . all around he , pixellate image of destruction . CUT to : a incoming call flash up on tony 's hud . d.o.d. emergency call . tony ( hesitates , then ) put it through , jarvis . ( listen ) yeah ? CUT to : rhodey pace listen to the headset , away from the chaos . rhodey tony , it 's rhodey . ( then ) what the hell 's that noise ? tony ( 0.s. ) I be in the convertible . not the best time -- CUT to : tony 's suit rhodey ( 0.s . ) I need a quick id . what do you know about un - manned combat robotics , with air-ground capability . tony never hear of anything like that . why ? CUT to : caoc , a topo map show Iron man 's '' dot '' about to cross a line . officer uav have enter the no- fly zone -- rhodey because I think I be stare at one right now , and it 's about get blow to Kingdom come . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72b . continued : alarm add to the frenzy of the control room . major allen Rhodes ! you get something for I ? tony ( 0.s. ) uhh ...’ kingdom come 's ? CUT to : two usaf F - 22 raptors flash out of the cloud like shark . CUT to : tony 's hud : his alarm sound , '' proximity warning '' flash . tony this be my exit -- gotta go . CUT to : 115 sky 115 frontal : we see tony go turbo and roll out of view ina treacherous bank . the F - 22 curve expertly onto he tail . viper 1 ( 0.s. ) ballroom Control -- this be viper 1 & 2 check in . uav be in sight . major allen ( 0.s. ) viper : target at 330 for 10 mile . tony scream past we , try to outrun the pursue jet . CUT to : a116 control room a116 the caoc screen now fill up with image from the belly - cam of the raptors . the pursuit of Iron man . awe-inspire . officer react . rhodey 's face . Holy shit . what be it ? intercut - int . F - 22 ( viper 1 ) - flying - same time - day from behind the Pilot : as he fight to stay with tony . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72c . a116 continued : a116 viper 1 ballroom , contact appear to be a unmanned aerial vehicle -- major allen ( 0.s. ) ballroom copy , you be clear to engage . the cockpit 's bitching - betty now speak in a calm voice . bitching -betty ( 0.s. ) lock on ! lock on ! CUT to : viper 1 's F - 22 fire a sidewinder missile . CUT to : Iron man go full tilt as the missile close in fast . CUT to : tony 's hud : a red dot move across the center of he face . jarvis ( 0.s. ) incoming sidewinder in five ... four ...three ...two ... ' counter-measures 's flash on the screen . CUT to : a hatch open on the Iron suit . chaff be release . CUT to : the sidewinder hit the cloud of chaff and -- the missile detonate . Iron man shoot from the fireball . the raptors veer . Iron man dive , roll into dizzying evasive maneuver . pull heavy gs. the F - 22 stay glue to he tail . CUT to : hud : tony nearly black out as the G -force meter hit red . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a116 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72d . continued : ( 2 ) a116 jarvis ( 0.s. ) Sir , may I remind you that the suit can handle this maneuver . you cannot . CUT to : the F - 22 now spray heavy cannon - fire in Iron man 's path . tracer round streak past tony , explode , hit he , ricochete off the armor . tearing he up . tony ( 0.s. ) jarvis -- AIR brake ! the brake pop out from the suit and tony instantly slam down to a quarter-speed . the jet blow past he . CUT to : viper 1 that be not a drine . viper 1 , check he scope . nothing . viper 2 ( 0.s. ) where the hell be it ? CUT to : rhodey , he wheel beginning to turn , stare at the belly - cam monitor . nothing but sky and cloud . then -- officer Lt. Colonel Rhodes , I have tony Stark call -- rhodey put he through . the call click on rhodey 's headset . a low roar in the b.g. rhodey strain to hear . tony ( 0.s. ) rhodey , I have jarvis run a check . I might have some info on that uav . a piece of gear like that might exist . might definitely exist -- rhodey speak low , away from the Major . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a116 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72e . continued : ( 3 ) a116 rhodey would not happen to be red and gold , would it ? CUT to : viper 1 &2 in close formation , search , search . viper 2 begin to bank slowly , and come into view -- Iron man -- cling to the underside of one of the raptors . viper 1 ( 0.s. ) viper 2 -- he 's on you belly ! shake he ! viper 2 ( 0.s. ) what --? CUT to : control room allen 's eye go wide at the belly - cam image . the Iron suit hang on for dear life as the raptor try to shake it . viper 1 ( 0.s. ) ballroom : that be definitely not a uav . major allen what be it then ? viper 1 ( 0.s. ) I think it ’s... a man , sir . push in : on rhodey , as all the piece click . rhodey Son of a bitch . ( then ) tony --! but the line be dead . CUT to : viper 2 , frantic , look out both side of the cockpit , try to spy Iron man , shaking the jet harder . viper 1 ( 0.s. ) still there viper 2 . roll ! roll ! ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a116 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72f . continued : ( 4 ) a116 viper 2 work the stick , world become a centrifugal blur . CUT to : viper 2 engage in dangerous roll . the horizon spin as Iron man cling desperately for life . CUT to : inside suit : buizer . warning light flash : '' power 28 % '' . jarvis ( 0.s. ) Sir : two minute and there will not be sufficient power to get home . CUT to : finally , tony be jarre loose , tumble and -- Hit viper 1 's tail - fin , shearing it off . the jet careen out of control . viper 1 ( 0.s. ) I ’m hit ! CUT to : Inside viper 1 's raptor , spiraling crazily . viper 1 pull he eject and blast out of the crippled jet . CUT to : the sky , as we fall with viper 1 , he chute fail to open as he pull the damage lever . and he continue plunging , Earth and sky revolve like one . major allen ( 0.s. ) viper 2 , do you see a chute ? viper 2 ( 0.s. ) negative ! no chute , no chute -- CUT to : Iron man zipping through the cloud . jarvis ( 0.s. ) power critical , set course for home immediately . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a116 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 726 . continued : ( 5 ) a116 but tony dive , vortice curling off he foot as he pursue the tumble pilot . viper 2 ( 0.s. ) the uav be go after he ! it 's attack --! CUT to : Iron man reach the pilot , and they be face to face a split second , before he yank the chute mechanism free and -- the chute snap open , yanking the pilot up and out of view . viper 2 ( 0.s. ) good chute ! good chute ! you be not gonna believe this , ballroom ... but that thing just save he ass . Iron man bank sharply , come dangerously close to the ground . viper 2 barrel - roll onto he tail . CUT to : rhodey and Major allen be glue to the screen . major allen viper 2 : re-engage . rhodey -- wait --! major allen -- take the target out ! rhodey Major , call off that raptor . you do not know what you be shoot at . major allen we will find out when recover the piece . CUT to : viper 2 's bitch Betty activate . bitching - betty ( 0.s. ) locked on ! locked on ! viper 2 , stay with tony in a barrel roll -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 72h . continued : ( 6 ) a116 viper 2 ballroom : understand , you want I to engage the uav ? the Pilot 's finger hover over the kill button . CUT to : major allen copy . rhodey negative , viper 2 , disengage . major allen it 's not you call . that thing just take out a F - 22 inside a legal no - fly zone ( then ) viper 2 : you get a clean shot you take it . rhodey 's eye be lock on the screen . CUT to : viper 2 fire its missile . it race towards Iron man . evasive maneuver , chaff release . then the explosion -- way too close for comfort . Iron man be throw from the frame by the fireball . CUT to : Iron man 's '' dot '' vanish from the screen . major allen viper 2 . can you confirm the kill ? viper 2 ( 0.s. ) I get he good . he go down , he be smokin’ . but I can not confirm . rhodey react . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 73 . al17 a117 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 116 omitted salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 74-78 . 116 a118 b118 c118 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 79 . omitted 117 omitted a118 omitted b118 int . tony 's dubai villa - alcove - same time - day c118 pepper sit on a small bench , head propped in she hand , have doze off . a whoosh and a streak flash outside the window , startling she awake . pepper rise , look around , then exit frame -- int . tony 's dubai villa - sitting room - minute later - day118 pepper enter , cautiously , move towards something in the shadow . we hinge as she pass we , to reveal -- tony , sit in a huge chair , the armor scar and still smoking . helmet off , bleed from the nose and ear . a drink in one shaky hand . tony get I home ... ext . snow - cover wasteland - outskirt of gulmira - night 119 a few yurt . raza 's bivouack man lick they battle wound . a devastate band . they grab they gun and stand - to as -- a train of black suburban arrive . private Security Guards exit and take up position . then -- the scar raza saunter out of a yurt and go to the lead suburban . its door open and out step -- obadiah stane gaze about , unfaze , then -- raza welcome . obadiah assess the scar on raza 's face . raza compliment of tony Stark . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 toa . 119 continued : 119 obadiah if you have kill he when you be suppose to , you have still have a face . raza you pay we trinket to kill a prince . a insult , to I and the man whose ring I wear . close on - raza n's ring : the familiar ten interlocked ring . obadiah I think it 's best we do not get he involved in this . ( then ) I have come a long way to see this weapon . show I . raza come . leave you guard outside . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 80-81. int . raza 's yurt - night 120 obadiah enter and stare down , transfix . stane 's Pov : the reassembled gray armor suspend on wire . raza his escape bore unexpected fruit . obadiah ( as it dawns on he ) -.. so this be how he do it . raza this be only a crude first effort . but he 's perfect he design -- raza hand grainy surveillance photo to stane . close on - various photo : Iron man wreak havoc in gulmira . stane have see the future . then he look down at -- tony 's crusty laptop . the onion-skin schematics . obadiah what 's this ? raza the inside of tony Stark 's mind . raza arrange the schematics on a light board , and the sketches laid together become ... Iron man . raza everything you will need to build this weapon . obadiah be circle the armor now , take it all in . raza sit and pour tea . raza Stark have make a masterpiece of death . a man with a dozen of this could rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine . and you dream of Stark 's throne -- we have a common enemy . now stane poke at the vacant hole in the chest plate . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 120 121 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 80-81a . continued : 120 raza if we be back in business , I give you this design as my gift . in turn , I hope you will repay I with a gift of iron soldier . obadiah smile , place he hand on raza 's shoulder , as if go to hug he in brotherhood . obadiah ( in perfect urdu ) this ... be the only gift you shall receive . raza be strangely confuse . paralyze . blood begin run from he ear . and now , in obadiah 's hand , we realize he 's hold a device . a sonic taser . obadiah remove a pair of filter ear-plug as raza crumple to the dirt . obadiah Technology -- ( hold up the taser ) it 's always be you Achilles heel . do not worry , it will wear off in fifteen minute -- but that 's the least of you problem . obadiah remove raza 's ring , study it . then he turn and exit -- ext . raza 's yurt - continuous - night 121 as he step out of the tent , obadiah see -- by the suburban , raza 's man kneel , gun to they head . obadiah ( to head guard ) crate up that armor and the rest of it . we track with obadiah as he pass raza 's kneel man . obadiah send they to they virgin . the SOUND of machine gun FIRE . obadiah do not flinch . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 82 . 124 int . phil coulson 's office - day 124 phil coulson at he desk . he pick up the phone and dial . coulson Ms. pott . it 's agent coulson from the Strategic homeland inter -- pepper ( 0.s . ) yes , I know . unfortunately tony be not go to be available to sit down with you for a while . coulson really ? and why be that ? pepper ( 0.s. ) he 's uh , there 's a ... tony will not be -- coulson maybe I can meet with you instead ? intercut - tony 's live room - same time pepper why ? I do not know anything . coulson ( 0.s. ) about what ? pepper about anything . there 's a buzz . pepper eye the security monitor and see rhodey . rhodey ( on monitor ) pepper . it 's rhodey . pepper ( press a button ) come in . coulson ( 0.s. ) I would just like to ask you a few question . pepper I be really jamme right now . book solid for the next few week . I have to go . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . aa123 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 82a . continued : rhodey enter , grim . coulson let 's just put something on the book . how about ( check he calendar ) the twenty - eighth ? Seven pm , at Stark industry ? pepper great . perfect . bye . she hang up . rhodey how 's he do ? pepper not so good . rhodey I want to see he . pepper you can not see he right now . rhodey eye the hole in the ceiling , worried now . rhodey what the hell be go on here ? ( off she silence ) let I in there , pepper . she face off with he . then allow he by . pepper you want to see he ? Fine . see what you have do to he . int . tony 's bedroom - stark estate - minute later ba123 tony lie in bed , tethere to all sort of medical equipment . rhodey enter , stunne at tony 's state . pull up a chair and sit . tony drift in and out of consciousness . rhodey look at you ... what be you think ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . aa123 ab123 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 82b . continued : ba123 tony weapon I build be be use to kill innocent people . can not let that happen anymore . rhodey you can not go around and blow up stuff every time you see something you do not like on tv . tony yes I can . rhodey you get lucky , next time they 's 11l blow you to piece . tony next time , maybe I will not play defense . rhodey , floor , get to he foot . pace . rhodey do pepper know about this ? he nod , he eye start to flicker . rhodey you have put I in a tough spot here . what be I suppose to do ? tony that 's up to you . I have make my choice -- I be not go to sit on the sideline anymore -- I be go to fight for what 's right . rhodey do not you get it ? it 's not up to we to decide . tony that 's where you be wrong ... he drift into unconsciousness . int . sub - basement pipe room - stark INTERNATIONAL hq - day ab123 windowless and full of pipe . the Mark I armor , dissect into its piece , hover mid air , suspend by wire . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . ab123 a123 123 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 82cc . continued : ab123 Elite Engineers from the Stark empire be hard at work , milling and machine armored part . obadiah walk among they . obadiah civilization , gentleman , have be preserve by the right people have the right idea at the right time . you be shaping in you hand , this very moment , the future of this company , and this nation . but it be imperative this project remain data-masked , that it 's existence never leave this wall . make no mistake -- this be a ' tool 's , that in wrong hand , could jeopardize civilization as we know it . obadiah face the head engineer . head engineer give we full access to the sampson cluster , and we will have you a prototype in record time . obadiah the sampson 's yours . we go 24 - 7 . ext . cave - afghanistan - day a123 yinsen , frame by the mountain in the b.g. , stare at we . yinsen be you on the right path ? I do not know ... what do you heart tell you , Stark ? hold on yinsen , then -- CUT to : int . tony 's bedroom - day 123 tony waking up in he gild bedroom , alone . he catch he own sad reflection in a mirror . hook up to ivs and machinery that ping and hiss . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 82d . a125 omitted a125 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 83 . b125 omitted b125 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 84 . c125 int . tony 's bedroom - day c125 pepper enter and find tony 's bed empty . d125 int . tony 's workshop - day d125 * pepper enter as tony toil away at a eviscerate suit suspend from a chain winch . % tony this device will hack into Stark industry mainframe . I need you to go to there and retrieve all shipping manifest . +e * hf pepper what be you do ? absolutely not you should be in bed ... +e % tony ... they have be deal weapon under the table and I be go to stop they . + eh pepper absolutely not . I be not help you with anything if you be go to start this again . + eh tony there be nothing else . there 's no art open . there 's no benefit . there 's nothing to sign . there 's no decision to be make . there 's the next mission and nothing else . there 's nothing except this . + HH HH pepper I quit . tony really ? you stand there by my side when all I do be reap the benefit of wholesale irresponsibility and destruction and now that I be try to right that wrong and protect the people I put in harm way you be go to walk out on I . + HH HH hk ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . d125 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : pepper you be go to kill yourself . I can not support that . tony so far so good . ( beat ) pepper . I know what I have to do . I do not know if I can , but I know in my heart that it 's right . and you do too . and I can not do it without you . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 84a . d125 +e % + h HH hf e125 125 126 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 85-86. int . sub - basement pipe room - same time - day e125 * obadiah , next to he head engineer . behind they be the hulk steel leg of the dynamo , extend out of frame . the spark from a welding gun shower down . head engineer there 's no technology that can power this thing . obadiah I tell you , miniaturize the ark reactor . head engineer I be sorry , Mr. stane , I have try . what you be ask for can not be do . obadiah tony Stark be able to do it ina cave -- with a box of scrap . head engineer well ... I be not tony Stark . hold on - obadiah : he mind churn something . int . hallway - stark industries - night 125 after hour , few people around . pepper hurry down the dimme main hallway of Stark industry . caste nervous glance back behind she . int . tony 's office - minute later - day 126 pepper at tony 's computer . she plug in the hack device ( the size of a jump -drive ) tony give she . monitor : the screen as the device start hack through obadiah 's password , firewall , security net . she 's in . she watch item scroll up from obadiah 's hard drive . monitor : jericho missile order . ship manifest . pepper make a copy of everything -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 126 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 85-86a . continued : 126 more . schematics and blueprint . for section of the dynamo suit . for the pipe room under the ark reactor . pepper what be you do , obadiah ? she glance towards the door , think she hear something . wait . nothing . the monitor : a icon now appear , with Arabic text underneath . a icon for a video clip . she double click , watch -- monitor a grainy video clip open : tony , half - dead , tie to a chair . raza and he henchmen behind he . it 's the ' decapitation tape 's make in the cave month ago . she shake she head , disbely . pepper translate -- close on - monitor : as the clip play , the translate text appear like subtitles : '' obadiah stane , you have deceive we ... the price to kill tony Stark have just go up ... '' pepper , shell - shocked , gape at the monitor . pepper' Pov : she look up from the monitor to see stane stand there in the doorway . she nearly leap out of she skin . obadiah what a nice surprise . pepper I ... just want to get some of my personal stuff . ( nod to the monitor ) and my resume . in case . ( grin ) you know how I love job hunt . he circle around the desk and pepper quickly change screen , replace the download indicator with google . obadiah how 's tony ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 126 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 85-86b . continued : ( 2 ) 126 pepper honestly ... I do not know . he 's shut I out . obadiah you and everyone else . he circle she , pick up a photo on the desk of tony . pepper stiffen , flick a glance at -- the hack jump -drive protrude . the whirr and grind of the hard drive as it copy stane 's file . pepper this ... thing between you , it 's hurt he . you be the only real father tony ever have . it would mean so much if you could just talk -- obadiah ( matter - of - fact ) tony 's implode -- it 's unfortunate . ( then ) you should consider whether you want to take that ride with he . pepper '' unfortunate ? '' obadiah you know I love tony -- but this be business . we can not save he , but we can save he legacy . she flash to the download screen , '' 87 % '' complete . obadiah it 's tragic , but ... tony never really come home , do he ? he circle behind she again , look closely at the screen - - again depict Google ad . obadiah this company have a bright future , I would like you to be a part of it . he smile and touch she cheek . she shut off the computer . obadiah tony do not understand you value . he never do . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 85-86c. 126 continued : ( 3 ) 126 pepper be you ... offer I a job ? obadiah think about it . ( then ) come on , I 'il walk you out . he take she box of personal effect , wait for she . as she pass the computer , she snatch the jump drive out , palming it . a tense moment : do he see she ? '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 87-88. 127 omitted 127 128 omitted 128 129 omitted 129 130 omitted 130 131 omitted 131 132 omitted 132 a133 omitted a133 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 89 . 133 omitted 133 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 134 135 136 137 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 90-91 . int . lobby - stark industries - day 134 pepper descend the stair as obadiah hover above on the balcony railing -- watch she . pepper' Pov : by the Security desk , a savior : agent coulson gesture and argue with the Security Guard . pepper rush over , startles coulson by link arm with he and drag he towards the door . coulson miss pott , do you forget we appointment ? pepper no . of course not . I have be very much look forward to it . let 's -- ( look over she shoulder ) -- why do not we do this somewhere else ? they push outside . obadiah still watch from above . omitted 135 omitted 136 omitted 137 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a138 138 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 92 . int . tony 's workshop - night a138 noisy as tony slave away on the cnc machine . behind he be -- a screen : list six message , all the same : '' missed call - pepper . '' suddenly , the cnc machine power down unexpectedly . tony what give , jarvis ? jarvis ( 0.s. ) you have a visitor , sir. obadiah stane be here . int . tony 's live room - night 138 obadiah hold a pizza . obadiah it 's uno . four cheese . I just have it fly in from Chicago . tony remain stoic . obadiah put the pizza down , cross to tony and hand he a letter . obadiah I would like you to proof-read something for I . jarvis ( 0.s. ) would you like I to spell - check it , Sir ? obadiah can you turn he off ? all the way ? tony ( as he scan the letter ) spin down jarvis . tony look up from the letter , surprised . tony you resignation . obadiah you be right . it 's not my company -- not my name on the building . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 138 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 92a . continued : 138 obadiah ( cont would ) we be a great team ... but I guess this be where we path diverge . tony hear a blip from the phone system . close on - answering system lcd '' incoming . pepper pott '' appear . tony look to obadiah . tony pepper . I should take that . obadiah tony . please . I x11 be out of here in a minute . tony finally nod , push a button , send the call to voice mail . obadiah meet tony 's eye , fatherly . put a hand on tony 's shoulder . obadiah we have too much history to part on bad term . I would like you bless . tony 's eye , suddenly register a paralyze pain . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 138 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 138 flash on : stane 's ear , the blue electronic ' filter 's , like the one he wear with raza . tony sink back in he chair . stane place the sonic taser down on the table . obadiah easy , now . try to breathe ... he kneel beside tony . unbutton tony 's shirt . obadiah you can not mess with progress , tony . it 's a insult to the god . you create you great weapon ever -- but you think that mean it belong to you . it belong to the world . close on - tony 's eye : wide with pain , unable to move . all he can do be gasp and gurgle as -- stane begin remove the chest - piece from its socket . obadiah you '' heart '' will be the seed of the next generation of weapon . they 'il help we steer the world back in the right direction -- put the balance of power back in we hand . the right hand . close on - obadiah : he remove tony 's '' heart '' , the rt glow reflect on he face . obadiah by the time you die , my prototype will be operational . ( smile ) it 's not as conservative as yours . he wrap the heart in cloth . then stand , click off the sonic taser and pockete it . tony roll from the chair , onto he back , stare at the ceiling . already slip away . then -- obadiah the sad thing be ... we be both the good guy . obadiah kill the light and leave '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 93a . 139 int . rhodey 's office - night 139 rhodey be on the phone with pepper . rhodey what do you mean , he pay to have tony kill ? slow down . why would obadiah -- ( listen ) where be tony now ? '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a140 b140 c140 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 94 , int . parking garage - night a140 pepper , coulson and five dark - suite Agents walk with urgency towards two Crown victorias . pepper be on she cellphone , worried -- pepper -- I do not know , he 's not answer he phone . will you just go over there and check on he ? thanks rhodey . she click off . the Agents pile into the Crown vic , and coulson hold a door open for she . pepper instead beeline for she park audi . pepper I know a short cut . she hop in . coulson look at the agent behind the wheel , then back at pepper . coulson I will ride with she . coulson hurry over , jump in and the audi race off . the Crown vic try to keep up . int . tony 's live room - night b140 tony , on fume , pull himself up a shelving system . it topple , spilling item -- include the lucite-encased heart pepper give he . he crawl to it , smashes it open . close on - tony 's hand : lift the glow chest piece . int . sub - basement pipe room - night c140 obadiah insert the glow '' heart '' he steal from tony 's chest into the dynamo 's chest . we can only see sliver of the full suit on its scaffold . the heart lock in place and we go -- close on - dynamo 's eye : come alive . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 94a . 140 omitted 140 141 omitted 141 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 95 . 142 omitted 142 143 omitted 143 a144 omitted al44 '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 144 a145 b145 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 96 . ext . ark reactor - stark int 'l hq - night 144 pepper and the Agents stand outside the lock door to the sub-basement pipe-room . a agent finish lay detonator cord around the door hinge . agent clear . they take cover and the agent hit a clacker . the door be blow off its hinge . int . sub - basement pipe room - night a145 obadiah look up at the -- security monitor : bad news . pepper and the Agents infiltrate and move towards the pipe room stairway . obadiah 's face set . he begin climb up the scaffold to the dynamo . int . tony 's live room - night b145 we hear a door splintering . rhodey rush in and find -- traces of blood on the floor . the collapse shelving unit . tony staggering to stay on he foot . rhodey tony -— tony where 's pepper ? rhodey do not worry , she 's with the fed . they're on they way to Stark to arrest obadiah . tony ( grim - - ) they be go to need a lot more than a few Agents . give I hand . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . c145 145 a146 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 96a . int . tony 's workshop - night c145 the door swing open and tony and rhodey enter . rhodey stop shocked , he eye play over -- the Hall of armor . the hang Mark ii suit . the weaponize battle - ready Mark III . component , row of helmet , boot , gauntlet and future design prototype litter everywhere . int . sub - basement pipe room - night 145 pepper and the Agents drift through a metal jungle of vat , machine , armored limb and gut hang from tether . Utility pipe run along the wall . they come upon the Mark I armor and stop , spook . we notice : a empty scaffold . pepper advance , coulson and he team fan out . close on - a agent : look off . suddenly , he 's yank out of frame . int . tony 's workshop - same time - night a146 rhodey help tony rivet a last panel in place , then toss he the Mark III helmet . tony lower the helmet . blast off through the hole in the ceiling , knock it even wider . rhodey stare after he , impressed as hell . then -- he see the Mark ii , beeline for it . consider , then -- shake he head . he move for tony 's car collection . like the r8 . hop in , fire she up and screech after tony . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . b146 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 97 . int . sub - basement pipe room - same time - night b146 wandering the fringe , pepper try to make a call on she cell . no signal . pepper' Pov : through the pipe and girder , she spot what may be a pair of glow eye . the whirr of hydraulics and grinding metal -- Wild gunfire suddenly break out . bullet ricochet , hit pipe , spew steam and coolant . pepper rush away from the pandemonium . she whirl , squinting through the machine gear and steam , see flash of -- Agents run for cover , fire they gun at some giant flitting shadow . another agent be yank out of view and scream . angle on - pepper panicked , try to find a way out . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . b146 146 147 148 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 98 . continued : b146 a piece of metal zip at she head , cut pipe before it embed itself in the cement above she . and now -- a agent stagger out of the murk with he radio . agent Agents down , agent down ! ( see pepper ) get out of here -- he throttles she towards the exit , then run off , fire and -- pepper , half - way up the stair , turn hearing the three - ton thump of the dynamo 's leg charge out of the mist , but -- the armor be too big for the stairwell and crash into it in a shower of debris . all we see be a brightly glow chest - piece and arm , rake cement , grind , try to get up the stair after -- pepper , who fumble she way up and out . omitted 146 omitted 147 ext . ark reactor - continuous - night 148 pepper slam the door behind she . silence . she catch she breath , dial on she cell with shaky finger -- pepper tony ! obadiah 's get a whole assembly line under the ark . he 's inside one of they --! tony ( 0.s. ) where be you --? now she hear -- thump from below she . the asphalt crack . another thump and another and -- pepper be knock over as the asphalt bulge open to reveal the dynamo 's fist . her cellphone skitter away . like a hatching dinosaur , he peel away asphalt , pull himself out of the ground , and finally -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 148 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 98a . continued : 148 rise to he full height . he turn , face - to- face with pepper , who 's a gnat against this dull - grey leviathan . pepper ( backpedal ) obadiah ... dynamo keep come , not a single forgive feature in the steel - face and dead eye . her foot hit she cellphone and she grab it . and now she 's almost back up against the plexiglas of the ark reactor when -- pepper tony -- tony ( 0.s. ) pepper , I have one thing I need to say to you : duck ! pepper dive as -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 148 149 a150 b150 150 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 148 the dynamo stop , jerk he head up to see -- Iron man , diving out of the sky at he , foot first . he land on the dynamo 's shoulder , and -- the iron giant crash back into the hole dynamo crawle from . int . sub - basement pipe room - continuous - night 149 the warrior fall and hit a grate . dynamo break through , plunging through pipe and into the water below , while -- Iron man tumble along the unbroken part of the grate and fall out of sight . ext . ark reactor - same time - night a150 the atrium glass rupture outward from the underground impact . pepper dive to shield herself . she see -- the reactor-housing have be crack . klaxon blare . warning light flash as the damage reactor begin to ' melt down 's . int . sub - basement pipe room —- second later - night b150 dynamo '’s Pov : we emerge out of the water , search for Iron man . intercut - int . tony 's suit - same time - night 150 Pov - moving : sweeping around the steel - maze with he infra - red , but perforate steam pipe cast red plume and confusing shadow everywhere . obadiah ( 0.s. ) it 's miraculous , tony , it 's you ninth symphony . try to rid the world of weapon , you give it its best one ever . tony this be not mean for the world . still move , still swiveling through the murk -- obadiah ( 0.s. ) how can you be so selfish ? do you understand what you have create ? ( more ) ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 99a . 150 continued : 150 obadiah ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) this will put the balance of power back in we hand for decade . you country need this . tony what kind of world will it be when everybody 's get one ? obadiah ( 0.s. ) you father help give we the bomb . what kind of world would it be if he have fail we ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 a159 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 continued : ( 2 ) intercut - int . dynamo suit - same time stane 's Pov : wait , as Iron man emerge from behind machinery and girder . he do not see dynamo , who charge -- omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted pipe room - same time Iron man realize too late that dynamo be come at he like a bullet - train . he 's hit , drive backwards in dynamo 's vice - grip , and they -- 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 a159 smash into the cement wall and punch clean through it onto -- '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 159 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 101 . ext . highway - continuous - night 159 they crash into a truck trailer , pass through it and onto the highway , toss vehicle aside . more car screech , collide . a hydrogen -powered bus jack - knife , narrowly averting disaster . people flee vehicle . in tony 's h.u.d. , '' incoming call '' flash -- pepper ( 0.s. ) tony -- be you there ? tony a little busy , pepper -- pepper ( 0.s. ) the reactor 's be it -- tony get to the control room . shut it down -- pepper ( 0.s. ) how the hell do I shut it down ?? dynamo rise first , grab a volvo station - wagon with a stunne mother and kid inside . Iron man rise as the dynamo lift the car over he head . tony do not . this be we fight . obadiah people be always go to die , tony -- part of the chess game . intercut - int . volvo - same time - night ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 159 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 102 . continued : 159 the world skew fifteen foot below they . the mother white - knuckle the steering wheel in terror . the kid scream . CUT to : tony , try he palm rts . nothing . tony ( 0.s. ) emergency power ! jarvis ( 0.s. ) Sir , you will drain the -- tony ( 0.s. ) now ! dynamo wind up to throw the car when Iron man nail he with a huge repulsor blast from he chest . dynamo be knock back , throw the car at -- Iron man , who catch it . but the weight be too much for he armor to handle and he -- buckle , save the car from impact , but get trap underneath it . CUT to : tony 's head - up display : '' power critical : recharging ... '' CUT to : Inside the volvo , it take everyone a moment to realize they be okay . then , as dynamo clump towards they -- kid in the backseat go , mom ! go -- she stamp the gas . CUT to : Iron man , drag as the volvo speed forward . a shower of spark fly from he suit . a wild weaving ride . dynamo follow , use car as step stone . people flee pell - mell , jump the highway divider . CUT to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a160 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 102a . int . tony 's audi r8 - same time - night a160 rhodey drive like hell , honking . tail light flash past like tracers as he slalom through tight traffic . CUT to : Iron man finally manage to push the car off he . it speed away , three gape kid stare out the back . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . a160 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 103 . continued : a160 tony stagger up , try to regain he foot as dynamo pull up . they clash in a cacophony of steel and grinding hydraulics . stane knock tony into a mini-van and pound he mercilessly . pepper ( 0.s. ) tony ? where be you --? CUT to : tony , he helmet now be squeeze by the dynamo . pepper ( 0.s. ) I be in the control room . now what ? tony Central panel . Red button . Press it . intercut - int . ark reactor control room - same time - night160 deafening klaxon . pepper flip open a panel to find -- a hundre button . all red . all flash . pepper thanks , tony . tony ( 0.s. ) what 's the delta rate ? pepper find the monitor . pepper 1-2-5-0. tony damn -— ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 104 . continued : 160 pepper damn ?! I do not want to hear '' damn . '' get up here -- CUT to : tony 's h.u.d. 161 crack under dynamo 's pressure . tony pepper , I be delegate this to you . find a way ! CUT to : iron man 162 as he finally roll and frees himself from dynamo . tony you know what happen when that reactor blow . a lot of people be go to die . obadiah it do not have to end like this , tony . you be down -- you should have stay down . and they be about to collide again when -- a shit kick biker on a harley weave from around a truck . he realize he mistake and jam the throttle , but -- dynamo grab the front wheel of the motorbike , ( send the biker fly ) , and in one swoop belt Iron man with it . tony tumble away and struggle to get up . Falls , try again , but dynamo be all over he , smack he with the bike . int . tony 's audi r8 - drive - same time - night 163 rhodey , in the breakdown lane , weaving around wave of flee people , topple car and debris till he see -- ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 164 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 105 . continued : 163 dynamo stand over tony , about to deliver he death -blow . he red line the engine and pop the clutch . CUT to : ext . highway - same time - night 164 the r8 rocket forward . Zero to sixty in under three second . the dynamo raise the harley over he head , ready to smash tony 's already break helmet . he look up a second too late -- the car hit dynamo 's leg and crumple , tumble away like a toy , and now -- the dynamo , un - weight , reel around to catch he balance , but pitch head - first into the hydrogen bus perforate it . close on - dynamo : struggle to free himself . his grop finger set off a spark and -- hellfire erupt -- blank the dynamo and everything around it . flame roll over tony . over the crush sport car , ignite its leak tank . tony remove he break helmet and stagger to the car , tear it open like a can . tony you have to take my car . he pull out rhodey , daze and bloody . rhodey save you ass be get to be a full - time job . they regard the burn bus . nothing move . just a heap of red-hot steel . tony get this area evacuate ! there 's go to be a meltdown -- tony 's booster ignite and he 's go . ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 164 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 106 . continued : 164 tony ( 0.s. ) pepper , how we do ? int . ark reactor control room - same time - night 165 pepper , awash in emergency manual , throw one over she shoulder -- flipping switch , turn dial . the whole place thrum with energy . pepper thanks for check in tony . Delta 's at 2300 . it 's not go down . tony ( 0.s. ) it 's too late . pepper too late ? what 's go to happen ? tony ( 0.s. ) it 's go to blow a crater a mile wide . I be come to get you . she back away from the monitor , disbely . int . tony 's suit - flying - second later - night 166 he head towards the reactor , now a shimmer mass of energy . a row of satellite dish on the roof of the reactor . it spark a idea . tony pepper , wait . stay put -- we be go to overload the reactor . ext . roof of ark reactor - second later - night 167 as tony land . pepper ( 0.s. ) it 's already overloading -- tony no , it 's compress energy . we be go to convert the plasma core to electricity and channel it up through the roof . like a tesla coil . '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 170 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 107 . int . ark reactor control room - same time - night 168 pepper watch the core bulge . pepper I do not need a science lesson , just tell I what button to push -- tony ( 0.s. ) see a red submarine hatch ? a wheel -- a red wheel . pepper --- no. yes -- she run to it . ext . ark reactor roof - second later - night 169 tony re-arranges satellite dish , pull wire -- create a makeshift tesla coil . tony open it all the way , then standby to hit the master . we have only get one shot at this . he 's connect a wire when the satellite dish beside he reflect a eerie yellow flicker . he turn , stunne as -- the dynamo land on the roof . flame still lick off he blacken suit . obadiah move closer to tony -- tony pepper , hit the switch . pepper -- int . ark reactor control room - same time - night 170 electromagnetic tentacles arc from the reactor to the control room around pepper . pepper tony ? which master switch -- she eye she phone . it 's dead . and in front of she -- a row of '' master '' switch blink ... ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 170 171 172 173 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 108 . continued : 170 pepper I be so look for another job . ext . ark reactor roof - second later - night 171 the dynamo , smoking like a oil fire , about to reach tony . int . ark reactor control room —- same time - night 172 pepper hit all the switch , then diving under the console for cover as the world go steel - blue . a electromagnetic pulse ( emp ) flash upwards along the reactor . ext . ark reactor roof - a second later - night 173 as the searing flash of the emp be momentarily ' halt 's between the satellite dish , vaporize the roof in between . then -- the emp surge outward , turn dynamo and Iron man into statue as the pulse knock out he power and electronics . from up high : the emp blast travel concentrically outward , rendering everything dark in its wake . back to : the roof , as it sag down in the center . tony , daze , look at he heart -device . it 's dead too . the dynamo , close to the collapse section of the roof , topple over . its dead finger catch on a seam and it lie precariously on the edge of the ' slope 's . the dynamo hatch open , revealing obadiah -- obadiah 's Pov : through the hole in the roof , the seethe plasma bubbling below . tony , use he own wane strength , try to extend a dead Iron man hand to obadiah . tony take my hand ... ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 173 174 a175 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 109 . continued : 173 obadiah so this be the answer , tony ? this be how you be go to save the world ? it 's not in you . you father tell I before he die , my boy do not have a warrior 's heart . I should have listen . tony my father never know I . obadiah but I do . now we see what stane be attempt : to manually winch he forearm rocket bay open so he can blast tony . but he movement unsettle the dynamo suit and suddenly he begin to slide . obadiah Goodbye , my boy ... tony this be just the beginning . and now obadiah shut the hatch and tumble away . he -- plunge down through the ark 's silo -- splashes into the plasma which hiss and swallow he up . tony remain , shutting he eye . int . ark reactor - second later - night 174 pepper rise , stare at the bubbling plasma . not sure who fall in there . she run out . ext . ark reactor roof - ten minute later - night a175 tony freeze in he dead suit . he 's not move . two flashlight cut the darkness and tony bat he eye to see -- rhodey and pepper pick they way towards he . dissolve to : '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 110-113. 175 omitted 175 176 omitted 176 177 omitted 177 178 omitted 178 179 omitted 179 180 omitted 180 181 int . stark industries - hallway - moving - day 181 tony and pepper walk along the hallway . pepper shove a write statement into he hand . pepper here , you alibi . you be on you yacht . I have get port papers that put you in avalon all night , and swear statement from fifty of you guest . tony maybe it be just the two of we . on the yacht , I mean . pepper focus , please . tony grab a L.A. Times from the pile of papers in she arm , glance at the headline : '' who be the iron man ? '' a grainy newspaper photo of the iron battle at Stark industry . tony '' Iron man '' . not technically accurate , since it 's mostly carbon - fiber and ceramic . but I like the ring of it . '' Iron man '' ... they turn a corner . tony suddenly stop . meet she eye . tony you know ... that night at the concert hall . do you ever think about it ? ( continued ) '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 111 . continued : 181 for a moment there be nothing else in the world but the two of they . then , with a tinge of sadness -- pepper I do not know what you be talk about , Mr. Stark . she bring she hand up and fix he unruly tie knot . all business . pepper will that be all , Mr. Stark ? tony that will be all miss pott . int . stark industries lobby - minute later 182 rhodey be in mid-speech , in front of assemble reporter . rhodey -- I can confirm that a series of military test - prototype be involved in the incident at Stark industry last night . I can also confirm that there be , for a brief time , the danger of a ark reactor '' incident '' , which be rectify without injury to the public -- and all power outage have be restore . here now , to answer a few brief question , be tony Stark . tony walk out . take the podium . put a hand up to silence the bubbling question . tony I have see the papers . I have hear the report . that 's why I want to put a end to all this wild speculation . the truth be -- he look to rhodey . to pepper . to the crowd . tony I be Iron man . the Reporters erupt in a cacophony -- we end on tony 's face . cue music '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 183 184 salmon # 2 xx/xx/07 int . tony 's lab - month later - night 112 . 183 tony and rhodey stare at a screen as the War Machine suit be be design . omitted rhodey good . and I want a gatling gun on the right shoulder . tony -- and a rocket launcher on the leave ? where be you go to store all that ammo ? rhodey who 's suit be this anyway ? ( then ) and do it in silver and black , would you ? '' 2007 marvel studio , inc . no duplication without marvel 's written consent . 184