revision : blue 10/11/85 ishtar by Elaine May uu ft tu »tne Son 3 loa frant sav rr n ac a amoii 20 , play a again : tne mu. ps de ' 2 c q @ oo : ‘u pena se eunac : '' a : ~an oy > to rage eo in ay od C > goo e tu og vw ~ oon wu wath ut o0 gu - and a pe De pera De breese early 20' wh. and lead $ for '' a a ay eo n> out ues om or '' 8 20 od > '' E a I to to lood , you . tear , you be 3 , righ school , gonna . year ant suckiat you 2 vou '' 1 husk c tm guicsin ' use a anc sip yo " tt can you glease welcome ivi cay ue maser , continved : tyle tneir lace 30' . Chuck be short and sem : lyle Rogers and Chuck Clarke run onstage be tall and leok like wnite bread . peano . Chuck sing . chuck ( sing ) " I be wond 'rin ' $ worth a ts life a ince 3 sham , de 's know what 2 gine ft whact nam ? tonever fh any of tnyse song . well ... thev 'ra new . tais be a tryout place ior new song , as a agent ? ( he shrug ) tell vou wnat it ue rdl - lzz le2zz continued : lyle but ... we be songwriter , marty so what ? the Beach boy be not songwriter ? Anthony newley ia not a songwriter ? if you want to sell song today you get to have a act with joke , patter , schtik , seques . otherwise , frankly , you be old , you be white , you do not have guitar ... int . another club the stage older . be smaller , the piano be larger , the 4.c. be mac . ( read off a card ) and now -- appear at the audition for the first time -- here be Rogers and Clarke . there be applause , Chuck and lyle come on stage . lyle wear dark glass . Chuck lead he . lyle say chuck good evening , lady and gentleman , I be Chuck Clarke and this be my partner lyle Rogers . '' hello off -mike . Chuck grab he and push he face toward the microphone . lyle ( into mike ) hello . chuck as you see , lyle have a handicap . but it 's a handicap that many great singer and musician -- include George shear , Ray Charles and stevie wonder - - share , the audience burst into applause . chuck thank you . we act tonight be a kind of tribute ... lyle grope he way toward the piano . chuce v wu e ao a '' et ~ ms . x ou with ag : ow a wo as a i aoe et a ean 5 os " a ge - vo. ou 9 3 a doo 6 cou oc at haw of ‘ame ‘ad '' sard mm mes ao s0 of uo tha oo um a vag oo badq cc I not a its '' 4 v2 ad ul we at uo oo eau to woe + go of meat to '' wv at we eav 9 a 59 vu oud sot 0 eo uo De nity be wy ry the a will 0 400 hu I ae ow one a a os90 Mr mo . cy y ao0 a wet we go e : - 34 vo we - oer G dt '' uo om wooq not og wooo '' 1 at - ou a hoe of I eeu no no I at th ant will wh uw on a I wt I h a0 a uo u et '' a 30 a vy a a 1 on wet the aj oe he ee a oh mar Dead of a a at we . n no mge sing . tne bar ¢crink nea be 's 3 shuck oan lou : lt she marty oe 3 continved : mae gown , thera be a finish chord , shen silence , then cf scattered ap the coma on ior intaraission 3 @ acdiance segin insa the be a ind girl think he be bling . 1 = be suppose s9 sa a bat et = doe to y ss Mrs. rosinso ' ( chuck u make a soce and pus in nore joke . ang daa'tt just do the Simon aad garlunke ! songdook . cauck ané lyle with - or 7 oon of aa worn in the audience mm , another uittie club - lyle , chuck do a four-nanded version of " play Chuck turn so the audience . chuck ( so audience ) jewish orincess go into tizfanv 's . rnock over a priceless no vase . the manager scree '' what nave you do ! " the woman say " tel alright . t'r ass nur . " ( sing ) " sock my chevy to cna tayy , but tne levy be ¢ry , chuck ( to lyla ) how can you tail i princess be a aympnom ! rz sne will gs vo sec wisn you aicer gno 's see to she 2 isdrasser . oonen drinkin ! whiskey and rye , year {to chock ) what 's 2 jewisn pr wine ? ( wain I wanna go why éo not you dc some foke @ 50et man ? lyle ( ealling back } a chuck okay . the huscand of a jewisn . ee. : : etincess be ta.c by he wile that ner credit card be steal . he decide mot to report they because the thiez will spenc less . cuuck , lyn . ( si " singin ' ag as ! be tne mar pha woman who have shout at they R & sha chack start out . hes ascort wha gtare aiter they , nned . Chuck nucge ain . ( nervously ) how many jewish gsrincesses ... a faw '' boo '' fram the audience . iyte stop . I now many gax 23 the stage . there be more '' boo '' . chuck t'hl tall ' two . ( shouting ) how many asshole do it cake ts éo a act ? chuck 420 lyle ) whaz 's she ditference dewween make Love to a jawssh princess ... a the '' boo '' up . tne i onstage . lyle do eve ws a rise to a crescanda . aa woman scang ignt suddenly come on , horrse chuck ( relentiessily ) + esand jello ? not answer . Chuck nudge rim aqain . m.c. {ta che audience ) please stay in you seat . i be not here when shis act be sereen , and I be sorry far iss castelassness ... ly ( suddenly jello move . = & u galvani 32d woman ) chuck , lyle iz be not a good audience , ( not wava irancically taxil : . ( she saxi speed ut } hlogk at this bastarc - aow they will not stop . cH I gon‘ : understand what we ¢:¢ wrong . marty notning . abshough it 's 4 good idea t9 chance the routine iz tney boo you . gtherwise i'n vary encourage . lyle we do not have any routine co enange can . 7 continued : revised id /11/85 marty you will . you be grow with every performance . chuck see ... the thing be , we have be live off we saving while we workad on tha act , but we be down to nothing now . marty really ? I get good news for you then . I ¢an get you a book . lyle ( excitedly ) for money ? marty absolutely . chuck . where ? marty honduras . to a hotel where american journalist stay . the last act leave because they be nervous about death squad , but there 's absolutely no danger if you do not ¢drive through the countryside . chuck how much ? marty 150 lampira a week . that 's s75 dollar in american money , but it include room and board . chuck thac 's ...omly 37.50 a week for each of we . marty that 's right . you get a geod head for figure . taxi ! a taxi screech to a halt . marty start in , stop : marty T also get ten week in Morocco at 950 dirham a week . that 's $ 95.00 in american money , but unfortunately I can only get you airfare from the canary Islands . continued 7 comtince i'il ... call you abour it in the morning . lyle ma too . marty can I grap y no , thanks . I have ...3 oe '' lyle 2 , tic . marty Don 's tnink 290 long . there 's lot of act that would kill a book in Morocco . tne door . 5 ihack walk alone to sh a chuck change bar . so lyle ( ealliag ) maka it two . chuck ( can lyle ) fan 's drink bourzon . you will Zall flac on you face . ( eg bartance ) give he a beer , lyle {to the barvender ) tne baer . mse bartender size they up , then start maksng one drink , lyle ( sing soitly with the jukebox ) *re 's quarter cast three , there 's mo ome a sha glace , excegt you and I ... " no . wa be only together monczh . before just guy . wish jjcos. who want 26 De songwritar ..-. dhe screen waver in one of toe Zlashcack . fi-45 le5z the drive oy gap . he be vas . ac continue : lyle ogsing ) " uge Zuége love , chazy rissle kiss ... " ( he make a note ; then look up thougnsiully ) wmiss .. s2iss is . ) shis 5 + 4 - hiss ... gun up to tne srick . chilo iowanna pogsicl yas whas flavor ? csino red. lyle shac 's a good flavor . myla clhima 945 and gag to the 3ac kx of the truck . lyte {as not go ) v..fisnes. , enisn ... digsn ... wisn . ++ so delisisus , itm biekan ' my i ( he stog ) a ign 's crat 2 97 $ t wik. what 's nica . ff get tie for sne real deep pink cne to fick the throw pillow . il continued : revised 10/12/85 il willa t want to have the couch recover but the upholsterer say we could not afford it . {auddenly ) tt hate have to tell people that my husband be a good humor man . lyle only in the summer . - willa . selling pretzel be not no better . it 's all seasonal work . lyle you want to have a baby ? willa no . ( she look up ) I want to be a interior decorator . {lyle blink ) I want a career . I get talent , lyle . I know it . I want to do something with my life ... lyle okay . willa t want to enroll in the Pratt Institute of Design . lyle okay . ; willa it cost seven hundred dollar . * lyle Seven hundred dollar ? * ( slowly ) well ... we get money save . willa that mean no pianc . lyle well , hell , willa , you get just ag much right to a career as I do . t'll just learn to play this better . * ( willa burst into tear ) what 's wrong , honey ? continued continue : as tula ( sobbing ) you be so nice to I - he screen waver and the scene return to she present . lyle scill sit at the bar . the jukescx still play . 22 EB = chuck & a gf he sist sispin be doursen , he aye cbmera sagias bush in coward nia tne and , a old love aiiaiz ... '' he screen waver , tnea dissolves into anctner thermegol ous anniversary . ( sing ) '' it want 29 give you a presen : , to thanx you for the sass , iowank to give you a future , an@ at the very last , I want you ager closin Cause love 's she only chia the audiance begin talki ag 6 gach of thermonolous sit listen , horvicty " my lize be neacly over , and time go sy so fast , iowant to give you 4 present , a thank you for the past '' we finish on a minsr chord , then rise and go 70 4 pectn whare a blonde of ascut 20 ( carsl ) ts sit . rg @ 2 thas 's a neauti do you write + chuce Wednesday . 1 shoulen 's have play it for this asshole . tie 's so demean . carol ( sing ) '' wy life be neatly over , and time go sy so fast . ( tear fill ner eye ) oh , God , chucx , I do not want to get old . chuck in they face . car . ft lave you , Chuck . hol thanks , maby . carol you know , w@ , eehive cogether z could help auc with money . 's have to oncantraca om you mmus-c . chuck I do not work Zulli time now . carol could taxa could ... you @ 2 = so cook for you . and easier ... lo gusc have a t know . i'm tec who the Zuck know . 13 a continued : a3 chuck bent : go this to I now , carsl . carol do what ? I be ask you bf you love I . chuck Carol , you be a wonder Zul sersan , I veally mean tnat , 4 wondatiat woman ..- put it have t3 the sur you be mlss a waiter come over ang hand Chuck 2 neta , snen point to a tzale neac tae kitchen where uyhe and willa be sitteng - Chuck read tne nose then look up . chuck guy say ha 's 4 ane not levad my song . ( he wave ac lyle ; to casal ) . rin pe right sack , baby . drssolve to : be to be close . susboy be gtacm tne tac.es . the zlgor be seing mosp . willa and Carol sit at 4 tasle togetne watsasng as Chuck and lyla sit at she 32 and - lyle ( play anc sing : '' rt meet rez and I fall , =z love she much too well , she walk ouc , helio , nell - @ heartsreas " . vnat acout '' I me t love she ... ghe wax outess hella od heartbrean " . a 4 continued : 1 lyle then I would need a harcer lyrsc . '' tome she " and ..-- ( not drive he fist into he hand ) +.. $ 0 meet word that hit you . ceeck how about whan ? a wh mn ? weet tomas ner - wi a 2 ( play ) " T love she + Sam , '' she walxad gute ... " lyse " slam ... " lyle , chuck '' gearioreak . montage : 13 lyla and chusk in chucn 's y hierise aparument . t2 a ) lyle , chuck '' soitwara , Tim leskin ' for software , I gotta have goizware ... " for my ... they boak at each ctner . chuce Computer be wrong . . bye Machine ? 16 greex not a a e e b take ow oo Chuck ara as the giano . lyle osinge } " hello ... " ceuck ( sing ) " saby ... " lyle ( sing ) " baby ... " caych ising ) " hove you ... '' " Love you ... " chuck ( sing ) " qasy ... " lyle ( sing ) " basy ... " chuck ol , eriso day . the jogger scamper cast . carol i suppese you be busy huck honey , we be work . rol = walking S weerenc . knockad cause six sonss waex . I do not even talk to '' guy when we be not workin want something ts Chuck walk over to a sand . ao ; 2 continuso : 2. he owner turn . [ ce be tye lyle hi. chuck hi. carol hi. 22 tut . '' huck , carcl cod re be undress she . chuck be honey , 2 do n'e even know he nas j a& pretzel stand . for tnasught not be a gcod humor man . carol lhardiv ever see vou . this be che first sima we have walk in the , zk sinc ysa > 3. on , saty , don 's punish I . i and $ 0 crazy about you . carol ara you ? nm , Chuck ... he gross she hané , 8e wnig cit she knock . they freeze . thera be another ru chuck ( salling ) be ? lyle 0.5 . t2 's lyle . can I talk co you ? be mm in t ... I wish you ' I 'a Chuck . '' et '' a oo of the 3 a et u to 9 go a wo i '' 1 '' '' a 6 . De UW '' a '' . ny " ~ 8 a e au aon a 3 on et ui 9 - 3 to of m to a as coo e u 2 oo zo4 of a é + a . at Bos to '' '' so 4 of 3 uo wt et a a ° 3 3 det yom sf ie &om oo wd wet oe 8 7 ub of '' a oa oa with ur q neo teoomonin pe po & thot 3 bt 9 ige 9 0 so we ge uy om U a '' os ew i «t rno 5 ov of 8 wv 2 G a 2 pe th a : or eo - + 0 yt aw & ov ow v '' D . wat rod '' a '' 6 be ut a n 0 he tt a S er. 4 De - t 9 ow = av '' aos 3 a st wee x > u ute u of 9 '' a be 9 rh 3 og to eo De 0 v v 1 as 0 mo tp g u sod bt & et a v u '' `s om 6 a ag : ue '' om ) ' net og og 9 9 & - & 6 4 we no mow z = be to ag C a t have a he on n 4 aoe a '' of a a ) e to at - ie 9 to 0 a to aot ooet qn at 3 oy é tt u a he G sntinged : snting 33 lyle I be sorry . I just come over I in wave every few ainuce . chuck sure . <f understand . great thing for a songwriter . pain . for wouldat give mine un . lyle iim net sura I could take Zesling this sad far long . cauck rey - lack she , you know ? Yau 's she to ar school , you give she a hame , and now she 's off somewhere make ic cn a upnolstererz , = would not wet my eye . lyse chuck write it down . #s 2 nota ) i go ' : know what to do now = Son 's know wnat willa . we 'va bean masriad since w@ ware seventeen , i onever even anyone but willa . {he break dawn ) oh , willa ... on , willa , willa ... dissolve to : . eok' ast . be ye siss cn Chuck 's couch . a tupola oan he face . Chuck lyle + eew@ ware hapoy whila I be work in tha gas station . wa have a Little house , and a little gardan . I would come home in the evening and write song ang will would quilt . and then the tire facsory gpen ang overnight tne populacion snot up to 35,000 chuck could you stand up second , lyla ? you be sit om my tie , lhe ( rise ) so about three year aco I say " lat 's go to New York or Nashville , willa . that be the only two olace to be iz vou want to sell song " . so shé say New York . so we come to New York . what a smuck I be . ( he sreax down ) schmuck . ( iy iet ne schmuck . oyle sa-nuck . shmuck . sesmuck . ow say muck . muck , now say $ hh a veal fase . smuck . to a the uw restaurant = lyle , chuck a tabla eat as Chuck exzound . chuck the way I look at it , people would rather suifer with what they have than try the unkacwn . ( admire bov , dc you hava a way anything else ? cauck fer sosom ) a cougle of thing . m 3 ) gute , nun ? ( anéicacing ivie ! Sharon , you have meeze lyle Rogers , naven 's you ? chuck wy eo we '' ay at '' oh oo will not ru ty my at rad a th De wee vu go a9 a e a ay eo : '' '' deal wt om ie os with 3 wt om mar ze u 33 on qam on 3 a mar the be vw tt oy - 9 to % ut uo stort oat ee ae wt we wt 1g a 32 a can = uo ff do aos Dee xe oe ut im ass a ut . a0 of F uu au eu. uw 9 a a ) '' a '' of rl dp be -oou a uw +o oo ow = & al un at not wl the with a of ogy be dy '' : pair : 3 1g to £ - or oo of q a neg a '' a a '' be 0 G of a a > Tel o oe a i 1 a tm 2 a ae ts a 5 as 0 5 wo . ct 25 26 revised 10/11/85 continued : lyle well , tf can not ask a girl out if she like you . chuck the sigh ) - I do not know whera to start . int . singles bar Chuck and lyle enter , Chuck walk aver to the bar and sit down next to a girl . lyle remain stand . chuck ( to the girl ) hey , that beer 's almost go . bartender ! another beer for the lady . girl well , I ... thanks , chuck Nice see you here . * girl have you see I here before ? chuck no . that 's why it 's nice . ( he laugh ) cute , huh ? ( he point to lyle ) this be my friend , lyle Rogers . lyle , this be ... girl dorothy . ( indicate a girl next to hex ) -— this be my friend safaii darma . safati hi. chuck lyle , why do not you sit down next to safaiie for lyle oh , sure . lyle cross over and sit on the stool next to the 2nd girl . there be a pause , continued 25 26 , 23 . revised lu / slis ss 26 continued : 26 lyle _- that 's a interesting name , safaii darma . be it prench ? sapait indian . lyle oh. be you indian ? sapait no . it 's not my real name . my teacher give it to I . it mean radl - 92 % '' pure of spirit and flesh * . 1l - 102x % lyle oh. {he move back ) safait what da you do ? lyle I sell pretzel . angle - chuck , dorothy re be stroking the inside of she elbow . chuck you be 90 fuck beautiful . dorothy oh , I be not . chuck " oh , I be not® she say . you probably have guy tell you you be beautiful since you could walk . dorothy you be so crazy , Hawk . he lean over and breathes in she ear , on the other side of she hair he see lyle watch he , lyle ri. chuck hi. lyle I be ready to go when you be . 26 . chuck = walking check so give yoursell a orsak . tomean , you have never saen cut on buh anyone but you wife , ryle but you gotta have the loon , Chuck . I mean , wnan you walk into 2a slace girl just ... want you . you 'va gos that kind of faca kind of mga look . but with character . she way vou walk ... vou can only 3a thas with a small sedy . ysu ever haard of a big sport car ? I mean I leoksd like you ... chuck you 'za a goad look guy , toa . arm towentt scand iojuse can not with en mim , Carol . qne guy cry @n minute . he 's l I éon 's give a Carol ... you be a act lika miss righe . ( she rise and fut she coat on ) aré you coin ? to 1 a 28 29 revised 10/12/88 continued : 28 carol tome leave you . chuck : okay . idd ¢all you tomorrow . - carol no . I be leave you for good . I do not want to see you again . ever . chuck ( rise ) what be you talk about ? carol what do you care ? if you never gee I again it will only be one time less a week than you see I now . chuck Carol ... carol De not touch I . she walk out , slamm the door . Chuck stare at the door , then run out after she . chuck carel ! caroll int . lyle's apt . + 5 a.m. 23 there be hot pink curtain tile at the window and dust on the table . lyle sit on the couch pick on the guitar and drink from a bottle . lyse ( sing ) * hot fudge love , cherry ripple kiss ... '' he break down , the phone ring . he look up , wild - eye with hope and lurch for it . lyle ( into phone ) willal willa , I ... oh. hi , Chuck . ... how 'sh .. , how 's everything . ( he listen ; the bottle fall from he finger ) what ? continued 23. ut a chuck I 'mon the ledge outsice my apersmant . <& on a be the sail , gle wicen to reveal Chuck stra a anc , ona foot dangle of as agove the grounc . chuck zvare climsing ouz witn che pnone ! t do not have any talent . never make any money . i! never find miss rignt amd c2 leis I . Carol ehe girl £ deen try to make uD my ming about far five year . i'ma we iz lyle '' g8 thi phone chuck dent call tne police I get in the newspaper the $ < will cuin I in show sussne mte 32 contincs chuce's ast , suiloing ~ say at to kill himself . sut you have sg go over there undersavar . he will jump $ 2 not seas a policeman . ae eraght . 5o use unmark car and plain-clochasmen . mayse park arcund the sieck . walk up casually ... a with he int . adour hast 2 esuple wn chuck apt n dozan solicen . ( Chuck 's mother and arsund che corner , doané the rape - of2 s-dewalk . to tne aulide . chuck mcther ( seream cut the window to Chuck ) the 's not encugh shat voutra still play sreek restaurant and with a geod humer man ? anougn you be not marry ? New you be go to «ill yourself se everyone can say 2 be a bad mesher . S may not be > to he now . 34 33 38 fac contin mrs . clarke ( so you see ? he door 5 be seam at Chuck ) we have ) ie 's start alread irgt cpen a quickly towaré nim . @ lyle run in . og sop move ist cop lyle ( ganeiag ) i be he sest izzenc . ilve get to talk to he . i2 's okay . undar santrol . chuck mct ( lean oc window ; to vvou 'ra kill I cuuce ( bean ous} Chuck , tnis + 3 your father . wama be very spset - lyre = i garing mave lunge past ine policeman , . . , snove chucn 's parenc ssice , ang onta on ledge . low 34 come ous on the ledge , tne eraw angle - chuck ee nég presseé against the as lyle slowly max he I be com de 's cs I ant call mar Hawk . elhosert . and é¢r nelow ae lyle ( as he move steadily closer ) iknow you €ic . 3ut ft be afraid i would not gat here in time . oo not se mad az I , Chuck . a vol call = ( frem she window ) Chuck : this be rasbi peirce ... chuck gh , my ged ! raphi peirce ss here ! nyle reach Chuck , the two man stand spraade2 agle agasnast tha buslgince . lyle gimme you hand , chusx . { Chuck do nat move ) come on . T know how bac you feel , but there be people in the world worse off tnan you . foor sacple , sick pecple ... {aiser a momen ) beosle who do not have anyone 73 ga out on a ladge for shem . a long pause , then Chuck reach slowly aver ang 3 a 's hand . together , hand in nanc , they ster . 2 window , two sali figure , 13 floor aseve chuck lyle ? ( a stone fall we of the Zace : be you disappointed in I ? to mean , now that you know I be not the kind of suy you tnougn = be . you be the ki shougnt you we ( not kick ata gig wo , im noc. parent unc : sole my inet 0 ) i e rdl - l2 zz lel3zz 37 38 39 40 revise lus lissa 33 continued : 37 lyle hey , it take a let of nerve not to have anything at you age . most guy would be ashamed . sut - you have get the gut to say fuck - ie ... because you would rather have nothing than settle for less . chuck ( after a moment ) I never look at it that way . ( he step over the pigeon ) maybe ... maybe I be the kind of guy you think I be . the scene waver and return to the present . int . the bar 38 the song on the jukebox come to a end . lyle look over at Chuck . Chuck lock over at lyle . they rise and walk toward each other . Chuck sock lyle on the arm . chuck what do you say we get this show on the road ? { lyle nod ) honduras ? lyle moroecce . it 's safer . a archaeological dig ~ somewhere in the desert - day 39 * under a blaze sun a crew of five archaeclogist and a dozen helper work in the excavation . one of the archaeologist , a young man with the exotic eye of a eurasian ( taric ) , unearth a ancient fabric . panel decorate with a color map and several line of calligraphy . #e study it for several moment , then suddenly calis : taric * Professor barne ! ° a elderly englishman ( professor nigel s3arne ) turn as . taric start toward he . ° ext . campsite = night 40 a dozen tent about 20 yard from the dig . a few fire still bue where the crew sit talk and eat . - al inside one of the ment prozessor Karl and Omar stanc ab igake down a= tne ancient ss0r1ie panel . professor kar ! you have certain ? omar positive . = be proficient in ancient arapics . tas map indicate tne exact glace where the twelith iman will reappear after a cheusand year of nidsag he proghacy state saa > whea née appear . ..né wikl restore slam ts in full glory , judgment will begin . apocalypse will zollow .. + there be silence . prozessor gagign of she map with nis = profess T ig glace nis Te somewnere sm rshta when ace tnis wall omar the ig incredible . 12 8 two messenger wno ww ll gind cne magam aleghayoa , the glace where the imam have nidden all chis time ... and only then will he rise ... ( read ) " , , .ang tney small 2e honore by the devout . but if they spaax false , they and all theis descendant shail be destroy .. + '' ( not look the 's uncanny , i beg messenger , Wave find the prophecy , qust 2s up forecole ..- 4l continued : ad propessor barne ( quietly ) do not be a fool , taric , any prophecy ean be interprete to fit any fact . we be not two messenger . a we be two archaeologist wha - have find a piece of write which , if it ia authentic , may start a holy war that will wipe out one third of the world ... there be a sudden sound outside the tent and both man freeze . Professor barne put he finger to he lip and point to a small cascade of sand particle slide under the skirt of the tent toward a indentation just outside . propessor sarne ( in a whisper ) somecne be stand out there . taric nod , then pick up a knife and tiptce toward the back of the tent . Professor barne continue stalking loudly as taric kneel and slashes a piece of canvas loose , then crawl out underneath the tent . professor barne {to a imaginary taric ) well , there 's no sense talk about it anymore tonight , we will take it into tawn on Monday . pifty per cent of the fragment we have find be forge anyway .... he break off as the sound of a pistol crack through the desert night . there be a seream and then , suddenly , the night outside be alive with the sound of voice and rdl-ijz2 movement . iwi4zz 0 4200 ext , '' campsite - night 42 voice '' what 's happen ? " '' what be it ?* the word be echoed in Arabic , then in English and prench , there be another shot , then answer fire . in the night , lit only by star , the campsite be a sudden mass of confusion and break cry , a plump midole aged englishwoman scream as she stumble across the body of a die arab . continued 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 cont enued 42 a young man in eyeglasses , still tie he robe , lock blindly down at the blood gush from he throat where it have be slashed . onder the scream and gunpire there be the sound of a car start as taric , still clutching the ancient map , pump erazily on the gas pedal of a batter jeep . bullet splatter the fender . suddenly the motor catch and the car lurch ahead , the sand spraying wildly around it . dissolve to : taric' jeep as it race across the desert ... 43 w.. then drive into a tiny casis town and screech to 44 a halt outside the lone hotel . taric leap out without turn off the ignition . inside the lobby taric race past the startle desk 45 ¢lerk and up the narrow stair two at a time , he sprint down the hallway to a peel green door and fumble the key into the lock . once inside the room he lock the door , then hold 46 the map in two tremble finger , as theugh it be a deadly icen , he look around wildly for a place to hide it . on the stairway lead from the labby , a pair of 47 dust - cover boot move slowly , deliberately , one step at a time , follow in taric ' 's footstep . inside the room taric , he face knotted with 43 concentration , work feverishly on something just belew frame , pause every few second to listen . in the hallway outside , the dust - cover boot move 49 soundlessly along the wear carpet toward taric 's door . inside the room taric , he . bedy soak with sweat , be 50 speak on the phone , the map be no longer in sight . taric ( into phone ) «set have hide it , shirra ... ( there be a click sound ) ica n'tt tell you where over the phone , but for will meet you ... the last word gurgle in he throat as the flimsy door be smashed open and a knife rip through he . he fall back slip in he own blood , then look up at he murderer , he eye fill with triumph . continued 50 32 etletst rllelsc continued : wa G exultantiy ) Li now ac one will bn 32 saree zron ( ia narm " lat 's maat on so merece , outside of the Love ... " Tse giane suddenly shi then a stewardess 's vo arasis , English and franch . be $ 20 sult minal . to zy the tiny airper be a maghouse . line of sere passenger stand at the ticker window , demand the :r reservation be hanore . isnuar : handler luggage in heaps on the grounc . pass 3 lung sham t'll Zind che you w3rcn ine okay . here 's 32 you can pis {as lyle 's ask acw much st will a continue : 53 lyle disappear into the erowé . Chuck wipe he foranead and take ous che '' Road to Morocco '' sheet music . chuck ( sing seftly ) " the funny street be nice and dark , the music be unicue , you can be the kidnappec girl , and = can be the sneix 's I shift over as a beautiful efieminate young 20 hilt loud srint jacket sit cown xt to be , the ayas meat . the boy give sim a long ou wonderful smciderin eye irame sy 1s : move closer . Chuck lcok around nervously . Chuck vise , she soy please ... nelp uh ... straight . seeand I be not 4@ mean , I respect you way of but it just be n's mine . th he dreak off as the bey = shat he ace the wall and be be ace bandage . he sush cown the at be two misaly shape sraasis . hue leck what you have . ohe boy ( sedtiy ) to be a woman . $ 3 continued : $ 3 chuck ( whisper ) yes . the boy and I beg you to do I a favor . ( she close she shirt ) you look like a man who 's not afraid of adventure , perhaps even welcome it . Chuck look around the small airport crowded with Arabs , Turks , beggar . chuck {as if in a dream ) you life be in danger , right ? the boy ( gasp ) yes , how do you know ? ( Chuck shrug ) I be a dead woman if I be recognize . and I must get to marrakech today . chuck you want my passport , right ? the boy . yes . and you jacket . chuck uh-huh , the boy and the content of you suitcase in exchange for mine . [ I will return they to you in marrakech . chock uh-huh , the boy but the important thing , the thing that will mean my life ... , or my death , ts that you do not report you passport lose for at least six hour . 8y then I will have reach my destination . chuck see ...here 's the thing ... ( swallow ) t... I have get to be in marrakech by Saturday . continued 3d re2-222 2~322 $ 3 $ 4 bako sy way ew a , continued : $ 3 the boy today be Friday . the american embassy will issue you another passport in a few hour . * chuck = let I ... just check this out with someone ...» the soy no ! above all , you must tell no one of this . no one . not even you wife , chuck ( quickly ) I be not marry . the boy ( softly ) what be you name ? chuck Hawk . it 's short for the Hawk . Little incident with a gang . lucky shot . ' the name just stick . the boy the Hawk ... it be a very bold name , a brave mame . 8ut perhaps ... this ig tee much to ask , even of a man with so brave a name ? ( she look down , then up into he eye ) be it ? ( seftly ) do the hawk fly ? he stand stare into she eye . angle ~ lyle 54 he walk out of the restaurant carry two coffee and maneuver he way to the bench where he leave Chuck . Chuck be go and so be the two suitcase , his eye widen with panic . lyle ( call ) Chuck ! Chuck ! continued 34 cont he stop carry as he see Chuck stagger out of she both suitcase * and wear @ ayint lyle Chuck ! ( not hurry toward he ) to get we ticket ... {he stop and stare at che jacket ) what do you do ? go shoss while I be go ? '' see ? thas chuck en tne ( # 9 gesture around the hot , crowde airport ) . at 's cake in tne signt , have a ( look aroun ) why ? che because we be in this be why Americans have a bad name in Europe , this ate.cuce about nygiene . there have 3 se 4 paper strip across the roilec , there have to se a lliectle wire bag over the glass ... uw we ue a a chuck look , you ga on 20 marrakech iim go to check my suitcase and do a little signtsesing . lyle for how long ? huck abous six hour . ext . maharabi , the capital of ishtar - day 33 the be a ugly little place , a mixture af rise and narrow , unpave streecs . the h excruciate . the gly be averywhere . at a open market . uyle a canal up against a but push uyle inhale , racredsisus . chick Street vendor hawk cheap souvenir . ths mc. be deafen . wok and tvle carry they jacset . chucx look at this stree . bic you aver sé@ anything lika this ? lyle we have be on this street twice . ( not look around} & geod humor man could clean up here . hk slack lamberta suddenly turn the corner and stoz anc two Men in slask snivt get out . the crawd ts instant silenc . a to a 3 " i ua uw a con chus must de cosa . I wonder 12 they speak English . let 's ask they . maybe the can recommend a good rest ' " '' urant . Chuck and lyle start toward the two Men , who push bast shem witnous evan loox and stop in front cf a cower vandor . the vender break into a shriil stream ef speech as the two man grab he anc tnrow he into she back seas of the car , than get in after nim and drive off . the lamberta be go as quickly 4s 25 come . graéually , movement and sound start again . a veile woman run to tna emety stand anc throw herself across it , so5sing . chuck emotional people . lyle veah . whac time ss it ? lyle what ! chuch thac 's <u '' ft know I nad it whan I leit the a.rporte . -- oh , not Ban 's get panicky regort it to one ger another one i a a % 3 u pi % oi z sn mr wo no a plane ara auck meet be cn the to ce coe she a > 8 ye t Friday . ad rk@e -- ele a own» ay ec . you be lucky this country e;vil war . be can not on 3 a2 moment of Mrs here '' wa a4 we aa whas ? a single . - listen , .t 's '' mat aasy tc 2 act im marrake ' better than no . ( {iyle back away ; Chuck grab he ) tyle , you have gos to go this . '' it 's the only chance we nave cf keaping cur seok . De not make I ressonsibie for ruin aur t can not handle ic . be > uyle . ' ( lyle make a 1 narticulate sound ) 1 ease ! it 's S t a bs 35 —e 60 go : out . the Driver gét gat wit izcase . chuck uh...doa 's carry lot , cause I doe not have much let for a tine . ( nme ériver noc and start forward ) un ... dont ... oh .. go 61 62 revised 10/11/85 46 int . the hallway of the ishtar holiday inn 61 Chuck walk along behind the driver who be still carry he suitcase , then stop in front of a room - with the door open . - she Driver walk in and set the suitcase down . a 62 ishtari maid be inside clean . - chuck {to the Driver ) let 's see ... we say four dollar . the Driver nod . Chuck count out four dollar , then sigh and hand he another collar . driver May you camel never weary and you daughter grow fat on the rich cheese of you goat , chuck thanks , have a nice day . the Driver leave . maid I be do in only a moment . chuck that 's okay . take you time , as Chuck watch , horrify , she go to the dresser and wipe out the dirty glass with toilet paper , then put little white bag over they that say * sterilize " . then she gc into the bathroom , flush the toilet , and put a thin strip of paper over the seat that say " sterilize " . maid ( proudly ) now everything i4 sterilize . just like how you do in America . chuck I would not he surprised . ( he hand she some zahkatz ) maid May you love one prosper and may that who would harm you die of the pox with blacken tongue and never enter paradise , chuck that 's -- very nice of you . continued 62 63 continued : 62 ghe go out . Chuck reach inte he print jacket and take out a wad of zahkatz and a twenty dollar bill . * there be a knock on the door and he open it . a pleasant icoke man in a suit ( jim harrison ) stand there . jim harrison hi . my name be Jim Harrison . tf hear there be another american stay here and I wonder det could suy you dinner , I be from New York . chuck I toc. ( they shake hand ) great meeting you . I be starve . int . cafe - chuck , jim harrison 63 sit on the floor , eat off a low table with they hand . they face be cover with grease . Chuck eat ravenously , . ji4 gee , you be the first guy in show business I have meet here . ( he wipe he hand and take out & notebook and pen ) do you mind ? it 's for my kid . just make it ' to Jim * . chuck sure. ( signing with a flourish ) Nice pen . jim keep it . you can buy I a drink when I get to Morocco . chuck well ... thanks . ( he pocket the pen ) what be you do here , Jim ? oi I be with the c.i.a . chuck interesting work ? continued a we al stin ged oo we isn 's oxay . 1 act che memen communiss be a qsup against aver ishzar . '' ( ineredu Chuck . is y , tomorzsw om because that 's new it work . $ 9 every once in a while when a amar.can come over here we ask he to keep nis eye anc ear gpeen for we and wa gay he a litcie something . you would se surprisac how many harmless conversation be actually the firse step toward recrsite agent leiz wing organization . guy st sc you ine poverty and injussice ishtar , he could be say 3 wnat he mean or he coul 5e feahing you out , see iz one ean dupe you into become a agent for a so-called " '' secple 's '' movement . uck {there be a pause ) han you say you fay hin a liccle 7 something ... 3ié $ 1 a weak , it 's mow mucn , sut you can not set a srice on democracy . chuck although $ 150 a week be @ start . with a a rrareie a4 traveling shot - pink and beautizul in the face lighc . the camera holé in Zronz of che chez casablanca hote ! and Lounge . ' through the window we se2 lyle talk ts the manager . he gesture gramacically as not telis tne 's lest passport . som cr ) you ware vary gcod . ( he nané nim a key ) you share room lol with Mr. Clarke . welcome tc marra a tight ous . = sound , tren a a darkness . t 24 uw coi tinued : you fsund as toast in lanza aroune masrak and someone S he be stayin yas . i...7 on tne straes cuiside 2 casaplanca .. 4 ec sol mé tne owner ere , buc I become as somecne scician bt ... sh as I dis ... you 2 amer . tz yout ascus a isnra not on a week . and now I be et tne nolice . rd2-92z 2-10zz 67 68 69 si. continued : 67 lyle ( gruftly ) do not hand I that crap ! for do not believe a word of it . _ the boy suddenly lift up he head and kiss lyle for a tong soft moment on the mouth . lyle blink , stunne , and then suddenly grab he in he arm and kiss he fiercely . ' the boy arch he body up . lyle groan softly= - they kiss for a long moment , then lyle leap up as if shot , '' rub he hand across he mouth and stagger back against the wall . boy ( softly ) thank you . he turn and dart out the door . lyle remain where he be , toe horrify to move . lyle ( in a whisper ) oh , my God ! oh , my ged ! ext . chez casablanca - night 68 . a poster in the window say " Rogers and Clarke openin tonight 's . the word '' Clarke * ras be cross out . int . che2 casablanca 69 there be a few moroccan and a great many inexpensively dress , middle age Americans wear badge that say " Charter " . the m.c. wear a fez . mc . and now , from the team of Rogers and Clarke ... Rogers ! there be a round of applause and lyle come onstage and sit down at the piano . the spot jerk down after he and miss he face . he play a chord . lyle thank you very much . ( another chord ) like to sing you a few song from the Simon and garfunkel songbook now . ( a chord ) hey , glad you like ‘em too . ( a chord ) so call out you favorite Simon and garfunkel song ... {a chord ) Cause I know ‘em all , and I take request . continued a will a of a . ~ : v ° n °o of a ) tes ie ow in at G aoe of no ) a mois . the omy rt '' aoa will ay of o. x in 5 C 3 i ~ va '' bs be '' be " g '' . mat go '' C > oe a to at oo a at vu at '' ote € a we uw u 4 - een we ec oi 3 oo the nog y a > + 1 a of e gd v mé by as 0 a on . ade wd we “y of oo m ie mote of ge oo " 5 i twe bo '' of 8 ry 2 moo '' G o° how chow '' > of '' will wow bog with tr eco uo - at sit of 6 '' fc hg of of a the tt a a v wx '' & with " enn a . ot cy F '' 4 & a . mis & a of be oo " nm : ‘o we i 63 - continue : és there be wild , lyle . how gid you gat here ? it 's nos Tuesday . chuck tomet a guy in ishtar who nad pull wish the embassv . hey , instan to that han . we be a '' 32 - 192 bat , syl 78 , man in turban zr i = sr ass I wno '' on st '' ruck 2 : = wish . & palace ... ' thank vou ! thanks very cuca . {to lyle ) i sez we could have any woman in lyle do not chuck go get some sleep . when you be tired . drive arsund for 2 oma down off this high . ( clasp he on the back ) be place could change we life . 73 akech - uck - 42 drive through the '' a 's aye Zix cn a slip = al cutdoor c. be int./ ext . ot Jim Harrison gic tea . at a tabla ¢crinkin ag chuck enter a jim thanduag he 2 stack cf siil ) tan , fives and one ... as unny .. aas i mean , one money ( shocn ) towould never sole ous on you be ho you tell grive ang Wall , that 's because ... ( he stoc ) hew de you know what io tell ain . er ang taxas she pen he jin chuck dnat pen ? gin ( wearily ) be a microshon . ey a rd2 - llzz 2-132z 73 continued : revised 10/11/85 chuck ( astonished ) you bugge I . jim we have to . we have to be sure you do not know what be involved when you help shirra assel get out of ishtar . chuck shirra ... assel ...? cm Chuck , shirra assel slip into marrakech yesterday use you passport . please do not deny it . just listen to what I have to say . miss assel be a leave wing agent . Three day ago she brother be kill after find a map that could ... destabilize the entire Middle East . it could certainly cost we ishtar . we can not afford that , Chuck . especially now that moroce have sign a pact with quadaffi . chuck be that near here ? jim nstare at he ) oquadaffi be a person . he rule Libya . chuck oh , yeah . ( stubbornly ) but that 's near here , be not it ? jim ( after a moment ) yes. every Intelligence Agency with tie in the Middle East be look for that map . and we have reason to believe that shirra assel have it . we have to find she quickly , Chuck -- before they do . chuck ( nervously finger shirra 's jacket ) see , here 's the thing , Jim . 1 do not know where she be . continued 73 $ $ . 73 con 's m T wcsd : jim 3 know you doe not , Chuck . bust we be sretcy sura lyle do , chuck lyle ?... Rogers ? tre ome Chuck , we have reason to believe wat @ be a leis wing agen . chuck Si this road . Zelieve I . sing soraigas icr wa - wa land . tif tele yeu shat tha aigh itra assel arvive in marrakech sn@ go to you hetel racm and spend nearly nal a hour witn you roommate . and we be almost carcain there be 4 saxual encounter between itnem . when iet yv closhes be tear , a salt be out , and sna be or v there 's @ very gae 3 sy that lyle be recruit 2 rome chuck grant . but that do not mean she sleep around . and now come you do not know what haspen in shat hotel rocm . sidéate vou sug thar tac ? zum we could not . the hazel quarter for a leisiset co pose as suzi Muslims . impossisie ts infilsrace . chuck cl a on a contting : tinles : = < IM yes . who pook you in there sy she way ? uck marty freed . we agen . jim owrite ic dew wnas go you know about he ? dont : ned , a orsom ségin 2 of : suitcasa a nimséli acra : he rise and elutsn Chuck 's suitcase . what 's the mazcter t can 's you jind i @ rise shakily . come nea for a momen ... =a a she continue waik . ' lyle 's eye she step up to he and pucker she sock she . she go down . un a stineed : Lady 73 lyle stay back ! lyle now , I do not : he you hard because I be '' shan you ara . but that again . er 20 she look she '' 3 ? ) you be ce be still ost fife be ( aiter a momen ) poverty ' 'o ) can shat . ihe raach in hss pocket and cut some sill ) here . = dan 'c nave a let of casn gn mar , gut ... hers . ( he gut the money can tne oor ) you take thas . buy yourse ! something that 's kisce . or a fishing sole . dad evar take you fishing ? not ( she eye grow hoselul Zhave no on co erstec I . I be lazeheé at and peaten for what i be ... and I cannc defend ayseli . vo wae tere well , thac 's mot right . that 's terrible . {he lock at she small , abjecs figure tall vou what . the next cime someone alte you , you do tnis . come want '' 4 F ww to c: ease 1 gut sis hang under S haul ner v@ wnissess gulch . ae ee masten to I . you rocm=mata he gav2 I he + you have see ave sean tne cavercy , ane seach squad . ss he hand * 4 's i mn gs 5ne c.r.a. 74 cok tinue : look pe oa ce suirra ( sonc would ) support by keep em:r youse in power . ( he feel she for God 's saxea , forgac my dady . iam beege you to ¢:ve I the chance to overtaraw a ctysanct . eye whas be ic ? sid I hurt you ? I be veally sorry ... shirr that 's noc why I be ervy . I be ery because you be so insensicive . a5 '' wen the % you have gou that pougn : 's a then why be I wear he yes ! lock at it ie ish where gid i get he sasezc id not gee t9 morsece in cnly ts he at she cala eight ngweeeccest meney tne c.i.a. a we a nts 72 lyle yeu have cet a lot of trick , do not you ? first you be a guy ... and you nave Chuck 's fassport , tren you 'ra a girl and you have he jacket ... now you be try to gan mée tq give you he cloctne . shirra to have he clothes . they be in my room . cpan the suitcase yeu gon 's believe I ... a succan saiz will . stle come from outside . shirca you ... say it mean my iz you decide I be tell & go to the camel enimal and fi ou wish to 3 will can ( she look sur unto he ave ) emis 's palace in + the people have eivigeracor . a k tipt ou under tt pose c ine . Z soost tne 7 si S off a small slash & stare a2 i : far 's '' Si m as n L here be . 2e aomoment , oy ) be ded , still will 3 79 will ext . chel casablanca ing . 4 a newszacer , two man in ja2z stand on the corner , chauzfzeur sic in a sark renault read a caddriver dose peaceZully in he tax meeze casaclanca ozen and lyle suddenly , she doar to the the two man in Zezza stop hurry ouc . inst salk , tne chnaut ¥v puil out of a driveway , cvo beggar cn tne corner rige , ang the cascriver oren he eve . a moment rush out of the notal , and Zail in halt 4 clock in back sé lyle . lyle stride ahead , oblivious to the grocessicn he , study the car parkad in the suregt . sudder not s20 huck juma into a doorway , tne twa ' bs in he track . ct man in fezze step , @ two begcar siz gown cn che sidewalx , tne renaul nit the aud : , and the taxi swervas up on the curve to avara they . ( slowly ) I wag come back = 2 gat you . chuck it just run ous we '' i wake up and see vou @ and for ow realize you '' : km where tn@ car be park . lyle 3 be gcing to take a walk . a0 ext . suake walk among move . the tia '' stands , alert to Chuck 's beeper oh ce fansascic place , lyle yean . TI wonder what a oreezel stanc would gross aere , man nave enter the markecslace , case cangling from they rack . tnat in Russia a not go into business ? lyle bid you know that in ishtar the dome af the ce i in scwaré 2 van as they pass it . aca a van = SIM harb i with eo '' to B ht '' fa check be vor ? y¥ Su know snae quaddazi act with merocss = 0.s. 5 ? the agent can 's believe this man srol che face of the ext . place - lyle , chuck ga walk . a young arab in michaal Jackson teshirt ( assullah ) come up tc they . asoullag ssice icr che mind ? 22 continced : a be abdullah . kig ? hashisn ? ceucz hashish ? lyle ro , thanks . abdullar you need a guide ? = be ahasever you tank it 's wartn . crucr no , shank . abdulla ( Zalling in with shan ) i will show you the serser marker . bedouin with slue saint on they face . chuck heck ... buss off . aedullalh i have a sistar in the United States . you know philadeisn : a ? a ind araz sudéeniy appear . 2 nd aras you naed a guide ? only li éirhan . chuck rill : we be turn here . + se a3 tney turn into a series of in street , line by shog on be secgar , tourist , tradesman , gonkey . asdullah Dan 's guide and tc be guidad . several sheskeesear try ts gras they as cney pass , a3 continge shopkeepe . " come in ! oniy sa laok . " genuine kilem rug . vary cheapo . '' '' bracelet ? laacner ? only look ... rs : '' abdullah walk quickly and do nos look as the shopkeeper . young boy hold up seme shcelace with paint boy enin belt dent advise we . we be nos pay you . a we a i uw a a shopkeeper steg ous of nis shop and dlock they way . abculiah ( softly ) my uncle salle kilem rue in the next souk . 2 can get you a orice . chuck - we be go in here , aaculian . thanks for she &is . as they step insicge che 8203 ang peer , tourzatel display , they aye si eral laba shop and each ctner . b4 rigle = 2 men in feice fhe gb be & two agent . ao a os uw a4 continued : 34 2 NB man in fe the one dress as cabdr : ne ten lst man in fiz no , the one dressec as aran . the one cressec 3 candriver be arab agent . i aiso tecogaiza two guy from turkish Intelligence , 2ud man in fei to the saersucker jacket ? sst mai in ppt ne , the sermuga shorc . , the one the searsucker jacker be ct a8 ( suddenly laugh ) so you remenber when yousevsky dgisquise hinsel ? 3s 2 cowsey and cs would say be hees Zoolisn Scots " ? the ata be no ww ue n sword , ciallabas , surnecs , mais . the owner nand Chuck and lyla thesr yeah . yours t afiord some z sr ycur mother , ys y sacking some money away . of ao will oo continue : the owner wo you a thousand dirhan -- but iocan go no lower . fwo tourist st behave nor point at you '' pac chusk with gun . but you hand up , you idioci ... jim v.o. -..d dird be be netted , unknown ... gin move | forward . y Chuck and lyle walk out of @ two '' tourist '' . ( cshascil whare be you other agence sci with oy tense as Jim Harrison 's hunter = the dtellasa st of ~ with ry g : for € be vo the _ a th ha the th sh beg oo a be you okay ? and shot ring out and ona gf the e first tourise turn and fire at 's shot the arad . what 's happenin runt runt @y turn wildly down th to ring cut nm . the cha ahead two man in suit anc turoan b they diraction . sehind they llowar race toward they , gun draw . oyle z do not believe shis ! chuc the corner dcdeing seddler , 29 chuce meve it , ladyv...quta-tie-way ... sorry , kid ... antial section «+- aer shot a get we cut of & you have get doub and swin ring suc . a = of 2 : so n with ue tnere be bedlam in the street ; peddler run with they pushcart , donkey run with theirs load ; man , woman and child shout and scramele for safety . a wildoy man in a suit and tie squeeze aff a shee ac Chuck . the bullet whizze tast Chuck 's ear and hit a man in a tursan who be about to throw a knife at hin . chuce this can not be happen . " oo anat oe absullaa this 1s the shop ci my uncle desler ... chuck Net now . aadullae ch , yes . now . he open she coor to the rug shop and hustle they inside . tursan and the horde of agent increase fhe Men in turban reach thdy rug sno ck thea door apen . sverse inside '' eiser and a fat shopkeeter have jus liing up twe huge cs . the turbane eo gun again : the fez man 's head . can = ' the run footstess of the other Agents can be hear éraw closer . the tursan Men exchanse a gianse , tnan , wordlessly , hoist thea two heavy rug to they snouldger . fat shopkeeper no ! you muse not take that rug . ey boed to 3 will ov 0 . of 1 aw 94 '' a fat man and he six arad helser look uz . 7 cZ they be lyle and Chuck now wear the '' they nought earlier , the taird be aocullah . 95 be leaé they gui y he back of the snop anc 35 up a flight to veel . surround : x ar2 other root same hel oo ga quickly . nen they you ar@ nos in the rug may be urn . ( not embrace acduilan} May Allah sa with you . he hurry cack down tne stair . argullar we will go aver tne rooftop . my car be oark at tne otner end of the madina . lyle 36 gne : the three I $ 6 . root 35 below fill we weapon draw , search the pusnc veil a = woman 's face . a7 v ach 2 roctt 37 2 3 iail t '' : legge . | ana sy he fin 2 apeve two man in Hawaiian snirt who pusncart . 37 98 ro of of '' oo my where ? a bullet strike the ist man a ané lyle grab Chuck 's wrist 2 tnrough here . fle open a doer in th shrough into a caaie where sev sng and : ki the morsc as muck and & on and whare to ? ren .o a a be itd =: 'w co ' 3 jim Three hour aco vour man to kill two Americans in emir yousef what ! I be shocked and sadden . who be they ? jt ? they ware you man . they be garry the khalishnikov rity wa sell you . jt sh , you excellency , must we go shrgugn this . that ... chesa two man be sawn . they only value we as a link to shirra assel che mao . arrive ia 2 air iv , . and within ontac with the most hunt in sae country and give sapor would nardiv cal gm m ancy ... already they es ay be feing callecé a miracle . they will be hail as sencer of God . then shirra assel will give they the map and che leave will use tram ts lead the uprising against I ... jim you excellency ... emer ousef you de not understand what you be gaaling with here . ' this be Zanatically devaus sh : 's for whem he twelich imam be the messian . yi @ney be for . they be for to segin the way you the armegqgedon . sut with anticisation naturally . you excellency ... 0 suo ew a ] yp we will dl twee to eoOnma be a e with p t ... t...sea . R yocse ? es enact God ( soa iwant iz know . just as sh escape be know . '' 1 ae rarr of wo continued : a ) gi you can maxe what you will of i : after they be dead , bur can not be at we hand . will have a Zic af they uncover anocher c.i.a. hie lise . emir yousef be unimportan . so nodias és nat want no mor rumor . SIM = understand , emir yousef be do cy the waek - to meee with guada csil mar every day . amen will rewevar ... 1r meeting you taink aver whac use ? . ) GE c and . must come and tell I wh you heart whenever you free . li enjoy this disse ( he rise ) the weex~end ? . 3 im ( aicer a momen ) the week - end . be turn and walk quickly cut of che room , ext . absullah be car - BAY bag as it sputter to a step outside the small , noisy town of shali senimal . camel crowd the tiny market square . buyer and seller argue cver price there be a tacky hotel , a few run dewn suilding , a zew woman in semi - western clothes wear the unmistakasle air of hooker . get out of the car . 2 3. continged : 102 T will se right . he hurry away . es out a gine . woule you wail ? cloud you be smoking chuck watch , séiler in the scuare . uh.. . Muhammad ? ( the seller lock over ... chen nod ) qding ? you 'ra muhammac ? the n@o up ané to nit a home vu not seller lcok at he tlansiv ) want to duy a blind camel . un ? sse seller frown uncertainiy and soint to nis camel , speak in a stream of rasid aradic . lyle no , no. ( seinsing to himsel ) american . you speak eagli English ? id4 continge : 2g4 somesn in arasic , point at lyle . the , surn to a 3rd arab and say tne same thing point ac ivie . in a memene aii ene aras at once and point at lyle . ine of aras ( to lyle ) be speak fas ( he poincs seller ) eee tell he . 4 sell I ... lyle Ram I want to suy é aling seller a sel . acewdly , fia cu speeca in arabi eae erie i a al be non x 30 go - = os hn ie no a ga e coo gee iu a aan ay 263 @ small rent rcom , che tid watch lyle in the ware relow , or burst con ... andg fra assel room . she wear clive éras and a cage belt be sling over har shoulder . aching gun . you abous y ou , no doub , that be what hapoen . tne gun} a continve : Chuck surn he heac taat 's far towarn you .. Chuck continue tcwar ground ané tire cif a dane , then kesp comin have ho. ie.e want the cs chuck n the cleset at the chez casehianca . ( he toss she a kay } kelp yoursel . rarr ) ia 1060 contense : ie '' oo shirra ( pick up the ¢cun ) do not play with I . 2 be aos such ol , half a how you lefc tnis morning for room and steal the 's map be not in it . oh , be thac whet ( h@ cnucky hey , shoot you voice . ang sto throw '' jin Hare ee} so I . the onky reason jk rasan hire . tes byl you the you stu = you re ommun be be not ig rt ye & a ae £ one . 2s you cor ogo & ham . I do not care anymore . be yoou ... can with @ 0 chuck hey , do not bother . you have get wight cto pick who you wane . ff a ivee country . no thanks to you and lyle . h¢ tell mar he but he couldn 's une pnacme . it well , thac 's ... th I drive to fis madwoman . toh begs nim cto st save " 2 for I . pigsse ( Chuck sus arm around he when I get to he room ha be dead . he. , .could n'ct wait , door Omar . ie ° his body be still warm ... be smile ... ang I know ... he be smile because he have hide the map wnere mo one c find it . ee be smile ac m it be we last secret . { Chuck put he oshear arm around she ) I kmaw from what he say on the phone chat he nad nidden ic in ais chi in he dca 5 in bis and cause tren put oon docx Li T hunt éln from the start . I never ev enance to look through the nad sack . when I meet you airpor ... ycu be my last hope . 7 < - you have saié not so mar ft would the desc . ' tnera 18 & leng sause . gee , I ...2 something yes z oppss the emir . life c= anyone in =? yr. the map T will ce k é@ oon k know asou {she sta he ; then y Hawk , this be a ancient , ceviscus world , and you be fram a youn and ianccen country . promise I chat you will keep my secret 7 without try to uncarstand be . 106 continue well ...sure . Te do . ( she hold ous she hand ) thank you for all vou have do perhaps some day we will meet chuc : you kid ? W + tass t shirra {she smile ) you ar a true american . uck les . ( ha let ner hand go} i knew you be a mise girl . benimel = lyle thing . package ) tuareg '' and this be c5e é dike this ? '' practically ing ... chuce 1 a@t be you deing with a can far again . I . ov with can lyle it 's a long story . he 's ... one of the thing bougn . chuck what da you mean ? a camel ? you tought lyss yes . sut he 's in serfact condit fig be useé for éraw well wat ub a track . bo nave h itis ... @ camel suddenly scream . one of nis teetn chut tyis , get sic of '' let 's get you ous x 2 camel and gi sn@ sun .... lyle the sun can not hurt I . @ burnoose . oh , gad ... t have a feel something go wrong ... and now I own a blind 107 continced : ~ the camel czashe dent sooch rey-ic Chuck fall the camel ' {he look around anxiously ) 's into a small group of x ddenly , safely ) t ang do not turn be rv voice down . yle cnuucn caucn v aay . man and scree so that he be bleck the camel sway inca camel . i ce aay a the man cy ny a too ufis alseee : 1 he ropa fh ight secause .. rt t he tursane man ine 7 he camel scream aga '' uv i ‘oo ue lowa icosan seresm agein . im leth lossen the rope , bente se vigh the rope . Al '' iv z in a ? he cam tm move ous the wou ( h ae g = oy roy chuck ch , thank God . be I glad ts ses you . imm {softiy ) lower you voice and soint ac the camel as we talk . chuck ( point co belaknim 's head ) flow do you Zind vis nseuch Chuck 's seeper ) tais . chucck tais be 2 bug 200 ? 3 cnly az close >. use it seeically to tr tne insze belakacm ' 4 ur . have memaer of 3 se viva out y he be . suc he tnat you recom a know Communist ... hs De not touch 5 tne nis seeth be sed , ( glaneci u t'a like the '' agsel situation with as one agent to _ t hear thac sh . jim realiv ? Weil , we will have co lock into that . @ qus the main thing be no ges vou town before woe Fe recognize , be you know any acest ine desert '' a oo we @ 4 ub tania the 4 aae to oo a ves . you can stop point now . ( he hand he & packag ) be two canteen and @ hera . you and lyle town and keep walk aura han wee move tne cane chuck move he where ? bnywhere . he 's on my foct . ie 3 a treat I hanenc a ean ano aw ini m T ee 2 g ab 109 116 ti revised lo/lit > continued : shirra ( cont would ) Drop this bead as you go . when you can no longer see the town , stop . wait until night and then follow the bead back . they be golamine bead . they glow in the dark . lyle ( loek down at the bead ) can ft have a map instead ? shirra there be no map of the desert . everyone use golamine head . lyle what about bird and wind ? shirra the bird in the desert eat only flesh , and there be no wind . lyle y oh. okay . will you be here when we get back ? shirra yes ... yes , I will be here . now go . | de turn to she . his head and the lower part of he face be cover with blue cloth . he speak in a muffle voice . lyle I think about you all the time . I ... I imagine you dress like a girl , walk with I ... shirra we will talk of it tonight . go quickly now . lyle turn and walk quickly away . shirra watch he for a moment , then hurry to a doorway set in the ancient wall and knock , three slow knock . the door open and she walk into a courtyard . inside , several young man and a few woman , all in khaki , all armed , stand wait . a elderly man lie on a rug in the sun . it be Professor barne . continued a7 . icg 110 lll lil continued : revised 10/8/85 shirra it be do . hakia then we be safe . I listen to Harrison and the Hawk speak in the market place . the map be not mention . shirra I tell you he would say nothing . he give I he word . 2nd young man and twenty minute later Jim Harrison appear here . ( she turn away ) shirra , we have no choice . [ it be a pity that you tell he we do not have the map= - but you do . [ if he talk we will all be dead by tomorrow , and we family . shirra ( to Professor barne ) and you , Professor , you agree with they ? you also think it be necessary to send two man into the desert to die , rather than trust one of they . professor barne I do not think it have a say in this , shirra , I be not part of you politics . I do not really like the use you be make of this map . shtrra but as 2 man . professor barne ( after a moment ) as a man ... who be profoundly grateful for have be nurse back to health by you and you friend ... 1 would not advise you to risk they life , and _ the life of hundred , on the word of a pay informer . shirra {slowly ) God help I . perhaps you be right . perhaps it be better to kill two man than two hundred . 3ut it be much harder . a8 . lid - wy the desert ~ chuck , lyle , belaruim + unger a blind white sky . there 1s 2 vast silence . the soit trudce of they foctstess seem 25 se the only sound in the universe . lyls hor , isnte ic ? chuck chuck Mo , = @ or sheir snese tne 3 chen chuck hay want to kess co chuck of we 1 : lot * when I boy you bougnt cance yean . out two sim , in ... a hour ? we run we cf water . he , but seriously , I hear ... there 's 4 m oasis a hour outside shali benimal . gh , good ° ist dar pack ts smarty to tes 's ses . let 's see where by tne end of tne day , anc tvs S you cut . chuck well , lect nos stop now . the lyle lock up ump camel if you be sire . at chucy Rice be ) ey ili cout be a we wy he 's get to co = 2 iothink I better get down 3 bleed be > L the rai-l3z God be rusn 3-252 chuce here ... a. na put nis cuuc huck until we get ts the hold you nead we . ' okay , you oasis and Chuck ... we cant ' - shere , ( hi 1 rarr _t s2 sourhea are hha close shot - an eqeetronic Zorehead , hizia ty aia will '' the thay watch the blip dance morth ... chen south .. wast ... then souch - aast agasn . ~ ast agent ( stare at the map ) how long before they be inoperative ? Im well , they be aging southeast so the sun be go co keep get stronger by tonignt they will se out of water and mile from a well . sy '' morning they snouid step mov omarraw aivarncon they shou 123 lis chuck tocant gur thas out . nave hit that cast a hour ago ... oh , no you do not ! ( he strugcy 5 wish the rope ) this son-ofwa-biten + mean to go soutn~east . lyle ( whisper ) sip. : Chuck put the canteen to nyle 's i:p . 4. sin ches rope a bead . Chuck stagger . sight soon . follow beac back . stop camel now . chuck ne , no . walii nic it any minute mow ... ha pull on the trope} continue " to chuck okay . chuck grag che ci oo + bs of of > of o a en no . on , 1c. he sar vu 2 a vv et vt uv u B aay 0 a wy of wo et 4 weet rarr ) at eee t cy " qo C in 2 '' no a : u I a wou with ts aot of the wf al De ay 'ot 4 with pe c as > uy g ay x to to u v 9 - @ n ow no y mf 7 i ub uw ae uy 9 rie - of ns wo to a- E wo ou wo eg a a ) ae a G gm 4 3 - au gu 2 ag 0 with '' ov a a '' > u will of win a 9 64 9 v wv ~ U a E be " '' 2 € , e & a of vt fate dd of ort for C bbs - of F - eu gen c abt 3 shin in ae ago Lou a moet oo > '' ud ris 6 om ost ait al of a ao uu ao we '' st —- with the a oo a oo '' De the ° will a wo iy op '' 2 B at woot 20 wt a 0 . 46 uo oh I a a : en a of vu a a . : dod vow a '' 9 c 0 oo uw ' J a to a of C ab 4 5 we 9 sot ao with ud 0 4 De i of for as ba uv '' a sy oa | al v of co a yu of tt S he wo 9 oo ui moo no '' not a of a a a uh a 9 be oo gc the rf vez of a G ny 36 of ou ag qo u : a to ue & a will nm on a rt oe th om aoa oi a 8 of et aa to at rt be . we mow rd4-622 4-722 122 continued : revised 10/7/85 96 . 122 lyle yeah . 2 think it 's very important net to get run down here . we can not just wander around look for a oasis , chuck I just do not understand . the 's a hour southeast of shali benimal . you can not miss it . lyle whe tell you that ? chuck I oca not tell you . * lyle I see . well , we miss it . ( he raise he canteen ) so here 's to the bead . chuck wait ! be you crazy ? that 's we only water . lyle so what ? it 's almost night . in a few hour we will be back in shali benimal . we do not need water at night . chuck nlook yearningly at the canteen ) be you sure it 's safe to count on a lot of bead for a trail ? what if there 's a wind ? lyle there be no wind - in the desert , chuck who tell you that ? lyle I ... can not tell you . . chuck I see . * {they stare at each other , then suddenly ) well , hell ... ( he raise he canteen ) to the bead , continued y can oaner . 2acn een the emp : on no hes can os . al 9 the bea " wt e pe tet or eek opr magem 3. ine the ameerican mas the @ sahara , @ armed ? no on €or oo rd4—422 4-522 4-llzz 123 124 revised 10/1/85 continued : rakim the desert be fill with desler in black market arm . they descend like vulture at the scent of -revolution . they will be armed . professor barne I see . well ... you have think of averything . except , of course , the possibility that the two Americans will survive ... and let cut that you do not have the map . bakim I have think of that toe . that be why I put a price of 20,000 dirham on they head this afterncon . ( shirra whirl ) if they survive the desert they will not survive chat . shirra you ... you be a murderer ! rakim and what be you ? or do you think a bullet be crueler than what they face now . * shirra {after a moment ) no . no , nothing be crueler than what they face now . she turn abruptly and run out of the room . the desert : the sky be lavender now . purple shadow sculpt the gand . Chuck and lyle be - sit astride belakhim who be still sit down . Chuck shiver in he bright print jacket . lyle get nippy . chuck I do not see any bead shine , do you ? lyle well , it 's not dark yet . continued 123 124 98. a es will a a of a 0 be there chuck ink huck EL G oar do you have 2 everyone want after we becaus because shi know where q g 4 a ie ro be a kes ae chuck De not play sucker game with you be nat sell water - down gas to some schmuck in swestpea , Georgia mow . this be the Hawk talk . you think I do not xnow you spend half a hour alone wita shirrva &ssei in we hotel room . chuck yash . oh , now I supsose vou Son 's know she name . ' wad h , knock it af town -nesing the '' et you ay girl . awo wo with of oo dic with a F w- aa c ay wy y a bed et ue det id au oe ao av a of nome well wt '' vu ah at '' '' aw oe we oil whos om at om ou to ape ph mae wo vu will not will oo ae de of '' " Gay soak 0 " De 6 a im '' a3 uo & a tee W tet ud bo a ' a at Ho od @ shor be : HH 4 esp re be the 0 '' aoe + up ga o etwa mor rr G of het et of ao 4 a with 0 ih wi wd ua be a of '' I qa '' al '' be a oh teawe go a wilt ws wrvv g oo to ny st aquw be - om of . a yoru vo oo wv a wort at oo we oo oe with 0 sto ad C he hk '' rid no a bi > =~ U apoc ct rug at ~ ojoc ua ow wor poe eee wv 9 sso ad pau no cow a ad > et cc wy ay my a a uy oo rt . ow a rt rts hee the desert = night it the wind still rage . ' very cence in a while the swicling sand part and Chuck and lyle can the see not B jelakhim . bounce along ary aao0 chuck I . my hiss chece we both see it , how can it se 2 mirage . past they on cameis . gowns and nead dress idence with a machine gun come aro ang check en she other tuck . 130 continued : l206 ~ chuck . ( soitly so lyte . ga to the truck and try and get ~ some water . 28ut be careful secauss they may be lookin for we . 50 act line a arak . and , whatever you do , do not talk for water ? pretand you 'r and not chuck because there be no blus-ey arass . you do it . . ioca n's . a dress . lyle , take my clocnes you have get tne srown aye - chuck yeah , suc you have get and thac 's the wicket gst in on . go on , will the 21g desl ? jusc ge with some water . slue cloth around he isce , lower alk guickly towar the tent . chuck no the camel . lak uck lock orie he arcund . 7 Chuck . Chuck smim 's sadécle . alk toward nim englishman hey ! you ! - az nim . chuck th ... yes . understan : you AG watch isesnen german you '' og oe G 2909 2 of > wa alikum as 's we rt = '' > g not ) ( acwi sali . som - on vv revised 10/11/85 108. 132 continued : 132 the arab e kheom-zali ? ( to the other ) this be not Arabic . the two lock at Chuck . the englishman pick up the not gun . chucck I speak no Arabic , tama berber from the North ... of here . early on I be send by my tribe to trade with other tribe ... the delft of cur hill . there I learn from each tribe he ... dialect . german how do you learn English ? chuck we have much delft . even as you come here to trade , my sahkaro send I there . you know Philadelphia ? the three man stare at he silently . then the arab motion the other two aside . Chuck glance at lyle , whose eye be wide and unblink with panic . the three man return . the arab hakir , we want you to close you eye and put you hand at you aide and tell this man that they camel have be steal . chuck ( after a moment ) pardon . englishman with you eye close and no gesture of any kind , tell this bunch that on the other side of the truck you see they camel be steal . ( he raise the gun ) De it . chuck surely . Chuck put he hand at he side and close he eye ... then open they . continued we ka with conting chuck be 1 suppose to sey again ? ~ 2 engi ? ( aim the gun ) do it . chuck ( close he eye ) aieyai-yai-yai-yal ! chaim put mahekehatz foy - the beroer stare 25 {sucdenly ekenat ) he gs to grab st th nam a im be 1 shout cnat2e 1 qyice ou , oh 1 1 -_ they uncers= some say " cn , other say " 5 he be '' what do he say ? ( lowering sorry , old man . who sneak all englisn , bur no rd4 -1lizz 4-1l422 132 133 revised 10/11/85 107 continued : 132 englishman well , they do not seem to think so . ( he turn to chuck} hakir , tell this wallah that we _weapon come straight from the saharawi desert . tell they the Americans give the ishtari new weapon but this be better because they have already be test in battle . ( Chuck blink ) keep hit the '' use be better than new " idea . they will buy it . Chuck turn to the frown berber . chuck uh...meh - meh tsalukchas ishtari roshinkas mit mandlin ... he break off as the berber begin to call out to hin , shaking they head , shrugging , point to they ear . Chuck turn to the englishman . chuck they say they cannet believe they ear and de you really expect they to swallow such nach - nach ? other shrug and question you sanity . pirst the camel ... neow this . englishman ( he whistle ) tough crew . alright , here 's what we have get that 's in good condition . as he speak the arab and the german demonstrate the weapon behind he , englishman first let ; rifle and ammo ... american m16' , german heckler koch 's , Russian destryrarev h.m.g .'s ... next lot ; weapon and ammo ... light * mortar , shoulder borne anti-aircraft ... int . electronics room - the map 133 two Agents sit in front of it watch the now stationary blip . Jim Harrison enter . ist agent you call it , Jim . it stop move about 20 minute ago . continued coutinued : oth good . we be right on schedule . he #lick a switen on the electron : Zlash and the sound a2 2 helice sim speak into the alasn Light . + card Zhil 3 clel-s- c1 , a voice come out of yolce circuit sreaxer . rae m : over & where ignite . wart merican to pick gunronner ce and we do not want = sou tnaz be ee . voice @s. contra-ingication ? rumor a lef a 20,0 vewar rc foreciasur target , 36 if you see mailman cack off , necau ainly do not want to 3 é go owitn that . be une reo , co as continued : 133 we and ue a > 9 2 roc sch . th swi = ist 4G hu 240 ow wd oe Le with : c cn ov oe os 7 at cu og a with > >is = 8 p> oo xt ue g ~o a aw > wa mo to sha mine 20 eno ao sl a a german to the other ) can . llurry ! ' soad the arab , the englishman and the german secin shove the weapon back in the truck . the trisesman rush ts tneir camel . chuck what ... wnhat be occur ? ts Le 3e ee so #h a a io rey sws} something must ce wrong with one beere . tnis can n ’? 5 ¢€ there lecation . esert . weaton remain , son-ofwa-niccn . uw a ray a i 228 0 continued : you mean you around wit somecn wi oo regu wow rs a im of it wv not a uo lob son 3 oo hes c a 4 of on a of G of ro a 4 my < a new pasrol the van have ceen lamareattas . the arac move fac wary and alert . 23 ae the camera begin move in toward the golde 22 of the galace and stog at a salcony overlo tne city . emir youse= stand lsekiag dawn tacky hodge - sodse ishtar . m hart be ? way iocan ouser t she ueser arad as dule co ay . fave uuh ... welve hear that rumsr , migas you sn Zor aizar all , overthrown . you excellen assure vou taat z.t.a&. be everything in power to sate . there 25,600 a adviser in emir youse ? iam mon reassure : the everything | in its power Anwar sadac ane the shah how sale ware tney ? ( dim be silent ) be the two american messenger of gad deac yeu ? jin when I lef maroeco they e¢lose to be incperstiv we but ara they '' emir youse 's , check . I want to announce s@ir death tonight . jin you excellency , the announce of the death of this two snir '' +.. whs have mace I and strangthen tne God have a hane in my what of sham ? we ... want shei natural caus enir yousef be a bullet in the desert not unnatural when there be so many mercenary and gunrunner a5out. ( soiten ) there ig 2 hadith that go '' the anemy cf my enemy be my iriend .* '' sese@ man be my enemy . just 4s lasya be ( ge twill 's u will unde ae a to of with a ey iv ae e sin {aiter & moment ) yes , vour excellency . 40 the SUN be directly overhead now , mid : k belakhim 's rope ts it wal by bat js er you " . '' _ chick seunt2 - al contence Net now , chuck no child , no wife ... Chuck , this be not raally a good time to get denress . I do not xnow what 's lyle fging ) '' heyewall the folk do not ara they poor , gh , well sure , " : good rhyme . " omey have not - a- gor scle but to have astea - gor you , " al contingis : bal oh , yeant Love son , lad : 3 gentleman . chance of pace . osinge ) " i'@ like to chenk munammac , for prephecy you , " taxe be . ( sing ; " and ... 5 aasy , wh ' ll thank all of '' bw of 3 be a be ea wt not ' c sntin mwed lyle so help I God , the line of you jackec be a map with ali the stage of the gun . ( he tap Chuck 's nead ) pirse it 's blue ... so it 's night , +eethen it 's grey . ( he tap chuc ear ) + e. then there 's 3 's white sun ... iy > a chuck yeaa . eye she use iz tc line she jacker ? chuck scnmuck , it 's noc the real ag . look at this thread . ot d@iftarant eslor ... and it 's ali croox and slossy he be tne way I sew . lyle can i...can I give it co ner witn you ? chuck yeah. {alter a moment ) that sh mean we can not tell che c.rea . s5cuut it . es sah panel cf no. lyle it 's mo they map . chuck it 's she map . yeah . she 's that . and chuck go through tue ( @ cause ) sethat with 4 a . oy = a of we to ' a ' " # with a g . a ue at mn " G a '' : c with a at ww a a 3 n + " will u we uv E 0 ue a a '' 1 . 3 ua of a pew : a no ae 2 '' wi " - G et 2 a rhe go moo 3 on a will ~ : ae woot oe 2 ue v ew det 5 6 ou om = ont 4 have aw fou ow '' ea a goon mat ou oo bh a oe at 2 dt a ada hy Ed be 9 B aw eeu og to x E of oo 1 oe mao od ry a sae ~ da ow : hog Dee et woo e arom vo rt ota ou ez foo yo 5a of ao ug ui es bb bom at oa woof oa edme ed 3 < bn : foot hos to go to we c we uo mag feu 9 of ae ou u will a = oo ae - ao fob > ooo veow oc ato u eo @ om ua oo to a '' 4 ay £o coe a oo '' 907000 abby thay esi oa qo 0 asd a broa of reo a a wok wt aot to of ie Dee '' hoo & rs e tf to et or or . of 4 rt ~ et buck ase ce ses they a oy F " + ' or ) 7 + of F eo ' a to t a : : qo '' % 0 '' 4 2 u ° a u t be a 7 wo c . a at oa ] ry eu uw a '' ff ou a c eo ss I to of . wi uo oo '' a of hy a a oon 0 2 m C - - be es 2 a u have of a4 22 3 ww ae a z a oo 4 a6 Da of ot 6 u De at of pa uo a a I U fe o the go mao ope 2 p 2 viet wn ow 0 poe on I : i 5 ma though ue ihn BU ot vv ade a von ° we '' " z - dod uo -u with ° AG . oo ow a B uy ug Le uo - ay 3 oo : ws with or ; of a wo a oa mze oh a qn uf a 3 oo : ~m ob a wt 0 of . ooc 3 a ~ st 2 a : poet ow n mas oo ty xs au of - ue ree uv aoc ob " ah a a sy dt io '' & & eo we a awe un of uo to deo La = as oo > a a oost ga vt a0 add rat - p a " do i wey ao oat ad ad wy ose 19 1 y ny nay 8 a we oe goat e a you al '' be wo 0 t of F . F + to vt t to oo ae a + a will so you ary to kill lyle runt chuck let 's ger ' they Chuck begin run , sand coward selasnin . helicgfter 143 fil ? they're soth run now . qiele -01 . requese so take we over . angle ovouch from he trem . ° eho in oy + wy a '' I a a to '' dy : " a '' S ho os 2 oo co a uo coal of a a oe a cal vx & om 0 '' oa eg qo c mu ty at 0 z be gf oo vw ty wt wo 7 dee C ue id ay we wv uw qo & do wv oo wor I I we vv ft fa ae woe lpo the oo a at foe will abet be a fa rte ms fhe et not ru £ 3 uo eli not I 1 ) wy of ry oe st om De ad '' 2 eo '' c Le es to mow qa ort oo 4 on we a oo wv qo I a wt ww a we oo 2 £ n a war vo n of wy - oo we a ope c ty m uo 2 of uv ed wo yu a 2 ° os a I Guest - '' '' a wo dt will ob = a 1 uw 0 u gs ort ve et a ov id WD 7 '' ul ~ oss qo ju es 9 om to you io will the = oo tot a I mo = nm v ) co u +t bt fr a ° mo 3 '' a x n a5 wu my a ae lyle ( modestly ) well , zi use to khunc every 2 balore the tire factory oten . let 's load the SAM 7 and the soltan . 253 they ’r2 use 's we 'va lose a wh alright , and stay cantac . I be send in and a second chooser for uver and we . ( he sunchss cause ) th aan ~eun wo you a 2 of '' a a u they stare up az the approach airer lye sing ? we a wes gs , un oe 1s ay oo - a chuch New , there 's a guy whe want be kill we sad enocegh to grive aii the way across the desert . eyle ( shouting ac to ts the car swing yard versus ocll . to s2 @ you be pew wp a pilctt rim ne go down somsone cown there usé @ suomachine cun . gle = chuck , lyle , s#irra , abdullae asdsilah be new bahind a mount 34 oye shirra ( the Chuck ) do you know new co use one srm 77 chgc oo i cay ie with 2 @ a " < a in it iv '' vy of im " a 0 will a will 's with u G a D a wu - of uw a. oo in I '' 3 1 or ° lat tnem come in close . give the signale - fire . ¢f bring about you death die tocetner . t do not know what vou have lomand , but this be no longer covert . we be now overtiy fire on two Americans ... and God know who else . sim' voice Mission over . move it ous . '' while we can still say we mase 2 mistaxe . ras\-722 s<l3z2 169 170 171 172 173 revised 10/9/85 angle + chuck , lyle , abdel , shirra 169 Chuck and lyle stand , shouting at the depart aizrera . - chauuck fuck youl lyls fuck you twicel chuck and two more from we friend . the chez casablanca ~ nigbt 170 a charter bus be park outside , several army car , a official limousine . in the window be a poster of lyle and Chuck . 171 int . chez casablanca 172 the room be pack . marty sit at a table , leok vaguely surprised . the cay of assari sit at a table . with he entourage . there be several other tourist . | the rest of the audience consiat of man in grey suit and short haircut and U.S. soldier and Marines . two army SOUND men wear earphone be busily tucking cable into corner , there be microphone all over the stage and a boom mike in the center . a pour STAR general sit in the back with Jim 173 Harrison watch as a waiter lead shirra assel and Abdel through the room . . general westlake ia not she one of the guerrilla ? jim ( he eye ere very bright ) ne . she be , but there be a split . general westlake well , then ... who represent the guerrilla ? jim no one . the guerrilla do not count without the map . the Shiites do not like they any more than they like we , but they think they have the map that the two messenger of God would follow to the maqam al -ghayba ... continued 127 . 174 comrinved : '' oe 73 general westlake po not , .. explain it to I again . tt 's one of that thing you either get the first time or you do not get at all . . come on stage wear a button in he ear . mce . lady and gentleman , we be recording tonight 's show and , if Allah be willing , it will become a album . so please express you enthusiasm freely . and please take you seat . shirra and Abdel stand at marty 's table . shirra ( to marty ) I be shirra assel , I be they friend . abdel I be Abdel , ft be they guide . marty I be marty pread , I be they agent . I would get up but for have such jet lag . the ™.¢. hold up he hand . the light dim . a expectant hush settles over the room . general westlake ( whisper to Jim ) De we get the map for this ? jim owhisper ) no , they have put the map where no one ean find it and if anything happen to they it will be send to the kgb . but if Yousef agree to shirra assel 's reform and we back they album , they have agree not to sell '' : it to anyone else . m . cc . and now= - by popular demand -~ the messenger ! he bring he hand down smartly and Chuck and lyle 174 run out wear messenger cap . the audience burst inte wild , raucous applause . the soldier and marine cheer . the c.i.a. man whistle , the tourist , catch up in the response , applaud and pound on the table . marty look around , blink . continued ae a itinced : '' hang cuGcxk , lyle ( sing and slay } sima wait , Long time go , Long time stand at the pier {they rise , sceill play ) " Long cime no ses , baby , " ( they play they nead with they knucxlas ) " lang time not hear ... " cheer . assignmer guer EST L rt know tnis be ver so you tow . buc lo will man tc do this as 2 regular I would rather fish it out wit . jin General , it 's nos just ishtar map be a potential req flas '' : miliicn Shiites in the Middle we may se talk about a sar uprising . aa series cof Iran ( pluck like ts sing you now . alt like this . 4 ‘~ < a 1 a ) a2 a i id 3 u pe ' i chu '' I eel so smali , 4 when I look at the sky , row big be heaven ... " lyle " how big be 1 ? " wastlake 's jaw drag . a pinpoin szcet sudédenl , gener . > = ra. al hit sh : chuck vo a very lovely lady general westlaere this be unbelievaule . lyle , chuck ( singzng ) '' hey - - all che folk that dean ' : h be they bocr , gh , wail he have money , ~ . eyre , chuck '' bye shat 's now pover baby , that 's not sas net of the havetn folk have noc - a- get sole on =o but we gave notwa + gor , not-ascot not~a - get .. a irae 0 1 u mhe credit roll . we a