isleofthedead.html " isle of the dead " by ardel wray & josef mischel the MAIN and credit title be superimposed over a matte scene of the Isle of the Dead . when the last credit title dissolves , the painting be leave clear for a moment and then there fade in the follow word : when war and tumult torment the earth , the dead be disquieted : there be frenzy in the grave . herodotus when this inscription have remain on the screen long enough to be read , underneath it appear in block letter the word : greece - 1912 fade out . fade in close shot '' cerberus '' night . the three - head guardian of the dead , the marble figure glare watchfully from one head while the other two seem to drowse in sleep . int . headquarters tent '' night close slot '' the hand of General nikolas pheride the General 's hand spasmodically open and close around the hilt of a sword which have be strike into the earth , point foremost as a support . the camera pull back to reveal he naked forearm and from this forearm gush gout of arterial blood . the blood fall into a enamel basin , over this close shot voice can be hear . first officer's voice Dead on the field , four thousand five hundred seventy—two of the enemy '' three thousand of we own man . burial party be already at work . we be assign man from every company to clear the field , dr . drossos ' voice ( cut in ) tell they to pour lime in the grave . the camera be drawing back to reveal General nikolas pheride , the commander of a Greek army corps , seat behind a small table his leave hand be outstretch to the barber—surgeon who kneel at he side and be engage in bleed he , first officer's voice ( same tone ) enemy casualty estimate as nine thousand —— prisoner ——five hundred . the camera continue drawing back to disclose the entire mise on scene . four Greek officer stand before the General . two be great burly line officer ; they uniform tunic open at the neck , they cap on the back of they head and they great sabre trail along the ground . the third be a medical officer , Dr. Alexander drossos . he be excessively neat and dandify in he uniform , with pinceunez glass set perfectly straight on the bridge of he nose . the fourth be a adjutant , military enough in dress and bear but with a great brigand 's mustache and merry black eye . at the General 's right hand sit a young american , Oliver Davis , a reporter for the New York Morning Globe . he be dress in the semi—uniform outfit which Richard harding Davis popularize : breech , leather legging and a khaki tunic of military cut . while the rest talk , he be busily scribbling on a pad , without pay the least attention to any of then . the second officer break in on the first officer 's report , unable to restrain he enthusiasm longer second officer a greet battle —— a great victory ! mo . close shot '' General pheride and Dr drossos . dr . drossos ( dryly ) to be sure . enough blood spill to satisfy anyone -- ( turn to the General ) except General nikolas pheride . you be let that fool drain you life away . general ( look up ) you father always prescribe it , and I be alive to tell you so . full shot '' the entire party inside the tent . in the meantime , the barber - surgeon have finish he work and be bind up the General 's arm . he cinch the bandage tight . the doctor shrug . dr . drossos at least get a decent night 's sleep . ( smile ) consider it a prescription from my father .. the General nod . the three officer and the adjutant leave , pause at the tent flap to call back they " good night " . hardly have they go when the General rise from he chair and begin to pace the narrow floor of the tent ; he shadow walk with he on the side wall and ceiling . the young correspondent look up and watch he . finally , he speak . mo . two shot - Oliver and the General . oliver why not take the doctor 's advice ? you be the hero of the battle of corphon . general hero ? oliver ( insistently ) in the New York Morning Globe , the man who win victory be always a hero . - the General put he hand on Oliver 's arm . general listen —— both man be silent in a attitude of listen - from outside can be hear distantly the scream and groan of the wounded . general you know that sound , Oliver ? oliver I hear the same sound at ladysmith , at nukden , Port Arthur . what do you expect after a battle ? general you be at that battle as a spectator '' '' I wonder if you can think what that sound might mean to I —— that man out there —— dead or die —— by my order -- because I will it so . close two shot '' Oliver and the General . Oliver hold up the lantern and try to peer into the darkness . the General start off and Oliver fall into step behind he . they pass a sentry who salute . only the light lantern can be see as they go into the darkness . ext . battlefield - night the camera in set up to shoot past the heape - up dead . the only illumination be the lantern which Oliver carry , he and the General pick they way between the dead . another aspect of the battlefield - a ox cart load with the dead , some of they tie to the rear axle by they naked leg . two man , in the hood coat wear by the infantry of the balkan ally , be busy load the cart . they look up , astonished , as the General and Oliver pass . still another aspect of the battlefield '' the General pause as if to search out he way and then start off determinedly toward the leave . Oliver take two long stride to catch up with he . the camera dolly with they . Oliver lift the lantern and gesture outward with it . oliver over there , be not it ? the General nod and start off again rapidly , Oliver follow . ext . the mainland beach - night the two man come over a rise of ground and stop at the edge of the beach . stock shot - the moon emerge from behind cloud effect shot . in the foreground stand the two man . before they lie the sea and the Isle of the Dead . as they watch , behind they the moon emerge from the thick cloud and a great silver light flood over the sea . a little way from the beach , the Isle of the Dead stand out from the glassy—calm , moonlit water . in the f.g. be a break ionic column . there be a few flat stone at the water 's edge , the remnant of a quay which once reach out into the sea . tied to tall stake be two small row boat and a third lie half - bury in the sand . the camera hold until the General and Oliver come into the scene and stand look across the dark water . reverse close shot - Oliver watch the General , troubled by he intention of crossing to the island . oliver do you mind if I go with you ? general there 's no one there -' nothing but the cave and the dead . oliver I will only go as far as the shore and wait for you . the General - make a slight gesture of indifference and move forward . ext . the beach - night - ( process ) mo . shot '' the General step into one of the boat . Oliver cast off the minter and put the lantern down on the sand . oliver I will leave this here to guide we back . he jump into the boat , pick up a oar , push off and start to scull . wipe ext the isle of the dead - night the boat nose its bow onto the shelving beach . the man climb out . Oliver pull the boat a little farther onto the sand and look back toward the mainland . ext . the mainland beach '' night long shot - the lantern be glow at the water 's edge . suddenly it flicker and die out . ext the isle of the dead '' night close shot '' Oliver , have see the lantern fail , shiver . mo . two shot - Oliver and the General . on the edge of ' the wall nearest thorn be a marble figure of cerberus , the three head dog which guard the dead . two of the head have be carve to represent sleep head ; the third head glare toward the mainland with a sightless , unsee , but ever watchful stare , Oliver take the General 's arm and draw he attention to the statue . general cerberus —— the watchdog . he guard the sleep of that who be bury here . the two man walk forward into the tower shadow of the cypress tree , turn toward the leave . they be lose to view in the shadow . the camera hold on cerberus . ext . the ledge before the crypt - ' night mo . full shot '' the General and Oliver come walk onto the ledge before the crypt . they pause a moment while the General look about as if to get he bearing , then he move resolutely toward the crypt nearest . Oliver go with he as far as the doorway . mo . full shot - the doorway of the crypt . at the doorway Oliver stop . oliver ( almost whisper ) I will wait here for you . the General nod , remove he hat and go into the crypt . he be lose in the darkness . Oliver try to peer in after he . the opaque blackness prevent he see anything . he relax , pull a square cardboard box of cigarettes from he coat pocket , select one , put it in he mouth and be fumble for a match when suddenly the General reqappear . Oliver look at he in astonishment . general she be not there . the coffin be go . oliver maybe you have get the wrong crypt —— after all it 's twenty year when you wear last here . the General shake he head .. general this be the place . they stand there for a moment in perplexity . suddenly , the sound of a woman 's voice sing come very faintly to they ; very faintly and from a considerable distance . both man turn they head in the direction of the sing which seem to come from the other side of the island . they look at each other , then with a curt gesture , the General beckon Oliver to follow he and stride off . ext . the cypress grove - night mo . close shot -- Oliver and the General . the camera truck with they as they pass under the cypress tree , they face alternately in moonlight and shadow . the sound of the woman 's voice sing cone over the scene very faintly . ext . the stairway and tunnel mouth - night mo . shot - to the right , a stairway cut into the rock wind upward from the sandy floor of the beach . the camera pan slowly up the rock to the head of the stairway , a narrow shelf or landing above the sea . a square open be cut into the cliff - face , black and impenetrable from this angle . as the camera rest on the tunnel open , the minor melody of - the sing rise to a impassion lament , wild and melancholy . reverse angle . from the shelf , camera shoot down onto the stairway . the two man be start up the step , the General in the lead . they move upward slowly , hesitantly . the sing continue , clear and allure . mo . shot . Oliver and the General come up onto the shelf of rock . before then be the tunnel open , a ominous door of darkness in the moonlit stone . ( see page 113 " hellas " . ) as the two man face it , the sing come to a climax on a high , almost triumphant note . there be a moment 's after-silence and then the earlier motif of the song begin again , subdued , softer , as if the singer be move away . close shot . the General stare off , rapt , he entire be focus on the unseen singer . camera draw back to include Oliver , who stand a little to one side , watch the General . the General move forward and Oliver accompany he . camera truck with they , until they be frame in the open of the tunnel . they stand there for a second , than move forward again . they figure grow dimmer as the camera truck with then into the blackness of the tunnel . the sing continue , faint and slightly distort . over it sound the slow , hesitant footstep of the two man . reverse shot - Beyond then , the darkness of the tunnel be break by a light that move wraithlike across one of the atone wall . moonlight be pour down from a long slit in the rock , where the wall curve up into the tunnel ceiling . mo . close shot . Oliver and the General step into the little pool of moonlight and look up at the aperture above they . the two man turn away and continue into the darkness of the tunnel . the sing continue over all this , grow a little stronger again . ext . the other end of the tunnel - night the two man emerge from the tunnel . to the right be high limestone cliff , before they darkness . to the leave be part of a house wall , with a door -- a dark and forbid door of oak and iron . now the woman 's sing be loud and near . the General stare at the house , look at the surround darkness and then back to the house again . general ( bewilderedly ) there be no house here . Oliver and the General cross to the house . at the door , the General listen a moment , then lift he hand and thunder on the panel with he knuckle . the sound of the sing break off instantly and they stand wait in the moonlit silence . suddenly the door open before they and lamplight make a frame about they . a man 's voice , cheery and welcoming , come from the doorway . albrecht' voice come in , come in ! they step through the doorway and the door close behind they . int . albrecht' live room - night it be a lovely room of simple austere proportion , warm with lamplight , comfortable with chair and sofa and heat by a brazier full of coal . various antiquity , head , bit of sculpture , torso , limb , bowl , vase amphoras and cylix decorate the room . at one end be a long table on which various shard , artifact , have be arrange for labor and sorting . on this table be also book and measure instrument . the various people in the room turn curiously upon the entrance of the soldier and the correspondent . it be albrecht who be welcoming , they . he be a swiss of middle age , a scholarly , gentle man with a humorous smile . before the brazier , warming he behind under he coattail just as he would have do in devonshire , be a ruddy - face englishman , also of middle age . he be formally dress and have a stiff , official air . this be Mr. Thomas St. aubyn , british consul at adrianople . seat some little distance from he in a stiff - back chair be a woman in she early thirty , still possess of a haggard beauty . there be a curious , restrain stillness about the woman and when she move it be with a certain careful deliberation . she be work on a hand embroidery frame . after one glance at the newcomer , she pay no further attention to they . this be Mary wollsten , secretary to the consul . she be dress primly in dark clothing . - - at a small table by himself with a tankard of wine before he and a empty wine bottle on the table , be a commercial traveller , Henry jack , a cockney , dress in a loud , fuzzy plaid suit , and seem at this moment to be somewhat the worse for wear and liquor . the General and Oliver look around the room in astonishment . albrecht himself show some surprise now that he see the General in the fully light room . albrecht ( surprised ) I take it for grant you gentleman be refugee as be my other guest . oliver this be General nikolas pheride , Commander of the third Army . I be Oliver Davis . ( he hesitates ) to be perfectly frank with you , we do not expect to find anyone live here . albrecht it be my home . ( extend he hand ) my name be Hugo albrecht . Oliver shake hand with albrecht . the General bow . general I have not be on the island in twenty year . it be change - change completely . where be the grave -- the coffin ? albrecht ( turn to he guest in polite explanation ) this be once a cemetery . the people in the room exhibit vary degree of interest . albrecht ( smile ) it may seem a odd choice for a home . yet I like it . ( to Oliver and the General ) but you must meet my guest . he half turn to indicate the consul . albrecht this be Mr. St. aubyn , british consul from adrianople . St. aubyn bow formally . the General return he bow with a nod , and Oliver go forward and shake the consul 's hand . albrecht -- and miss St. aubyn . Cathy smile wanly in greeting . Oliver , in american fashion , go from she father to miss St. aubyn , take she hand . oliver you be sing , be not you ? a beautiful voice , miss St. aubyn . cathy ( mask irritation ) that be my companion . she sing little peasant song quite nicely -- a completely untrained voice , of course . St. aubyn continue the introduction , indicate the somber face woman , who sit apart from the other . ST . aubyn my secretary , miss wollsten . at this point , jack rise unsteadily and lurch towards the other . he flash a card from he pocket . jack jack -- Henry jack . tinware , best grade and the lowest price -- ( as if quote a well know slogan ) jack sell no junk . the General look at he , astonished at this strange commercial personality . Oliver , have shake hand with miss wollsten , nod across to jack amiably . oliver be not you a little out of you territory ? jack if the world will not come to jack , jack go to the world . he walk unsteadily back to he own seat . albrecht Mr. jack be a philosopher . ( to the General ) ( and Oliver ) but , come , sit down with we . we be all anxious to hear of ' today 's battle . ST . aubyn ( to General ) a fine fight , sir , but a bit inconvenient for travel . we be under constant shelling all the way down the coast . general the enemy be in retreat . there will be no more fight here . ( to albrecht ) I come here to visit the crypt . my wife be bury here . what happen to the body ? albrecht they be gore before I come here . general but why ? ida , the woman servant , a middleuage Greek woman in peasant costume , with a dark sombre face , come in . she have a amphora of wine and two glass in she hand . she pour wine for Oliver and hand he the glass , then turn to the General and begin to pour for he as he and albrecht talk . albrecht there be some trouble here ——the villager on the mainland —-this island be the focal point of they anger . they come here ——broke open the tomb and despoil the grave . general all the grave ? albrecht I be afraid so . there be rumor ——people be arouse . some fear restlessness among the dead you know , the old superstition . general I do nut understand . ida I can explain , master soldier . she have put down the amphora so that she hand be free . she lift a fore—finger to each side of she mouth and grimace between the upright finger . general ( understanding she immediately ) vorvolakas ! hastily ida cross herself , at the same time nodd agreement general ( not too unpleasantly ) you be a old fool . ida ( grin ; pleased at this insult from she heroic countryman ) you think so ? you think such thing do not happen ? right now —— upstairs there be one who be rosy and bright —— full of blood -- and here —— ( she make a sidewise inclination of she head toward Mrs. St. auby n ) —— here be one who be pale and cold as a lily . general you be still a fool . ida laugh and albrecht pick up the amphora and start to pour another glass of wine for the General . general ( to albrecht ) you know the Greek legend , you drink the Greek wine , but you be not a Greek . albrecht be carry the wine jug and glass to a small table near the brazier . albrecht I be , Greek , sir , by affection . albrecht put down the jug and the glass and turn to the General . albrecht but the god play a little trick on I . I be bear in Switzerland . oliver ( point to a antique statue ) you collect this to sell , abroad ? albrecht , start to pour from the wine jug , shake he head . albrecht ( shaking he head ) no more . one day I stand in the Royal Museum at munich and watch the fat burgher and they brood—mare wife stare and poke at my beautiful trophy . now I be content just to live —— here in the heart of a vanish world . jack ( but in without move from he place ) I wish it would vanish , I do . I would give every bloomin ' statue in the place for one whiff of fish ' n ' chip —- for one peek at Piccadilly . albrecht each to he taste . jack get up , lurching and steadying himself on the table . jack I be go back , first boat to England . I be go back and hear the sound of bow bell . ( get up and start to the stair ; complain as he walk ) I be not well . I be not well . something 's wrong with I uqsomething hurt . ST . aubyn ( disdainfully ) odd way to describe plain drunkenness . jack pay no attention to he , but go on up the stair , the rest watch . the stair be light in such a way that the upper portion be in complete darkness , shadow by the landing above . as jack disappear into this darkness , there be a sound of a heavy fall , a muttere curse . they all turn to face the staircase and Oliver and the General get to they foot . albrecht pick up a lychnos and cross quickly to the stair , follow by St. aubyn . as he hold the lamp aloft , the General come to stand beside he . mo . shot '' past albrecht , St. aubyn and the General at the foot of the stair , to the upper portion of the stair , now light by albrecht 's lamp . jack lie sprawle across the top step . bend over he be a girl in Greek native costume , the gold coin of she headdress tremble at she ear , as if she have be arrest in startle movement . the girl , thea , slowly lift she head to face the people below she . as she do so , the General make a sudden move forward : a move of recognition and astonishment —— then restrain himself and stand rigidly still . mo . shot '' thea . thea ( simply ) he fall . as if word have release they , albrecht and . St. aubyn start up the stair to jack . albrecht ( a little breathless ) that 's a strong wine —— poor fellow , I should have warn he . as they reach jack , who be mumble and try to get to he foot , thea start down the stair . it be then that she see the General , who still stand rigid , stare up at she as if she be a apparition . she hesitates a moment , a step or two above the bottom of the stair , hold there by the General 's fix gaze . behind she , albrecht and ida have get jack to he foot . the man be mutter incoherently . albrecht there -- you be all right , now —— we have you —— ida ( disgustedly ) never mind . it will get he to he room . ida and jack go on upstairs and albrecht hold the lantern to give they light . the General stare at thea . close shot '' Oliver . he be stare off in the direction of the staircase , he face revealing pleasure in see this beautiful Greek girl . another angle '' thea and the General . thea be look back toward jack . the General be study she . suddenly , she turn toward he to go down the stair . for a moment she face he full face . he look at she in amazement greatly agitate . close shot - the General look at thea . his face be strain and he seem to have suffer from a shock . mo . full shot - the General watch thea . albrecht come down the stair look at he . albrecht my dear sir , you look completely exhaust . the General attempt to pull himself together . oliver ( come into the scene ) he be exhaust . albrecht why do not you stay here tonight ? get a good sleep . you can return to you command in the morning . the General be about to shake he head in a negative answer when he suddenly think better of it and still look at thea , speak . general perhaps I have better stay . I be tired . albrecht I will get ida to make up you bed . he start upstairs . Oliver and the General turn back into the room . two shot '' Cathy and thea . they arc seat on the settee . the camera be set up to shoot past they profile so that Oliver and the General can be see come down the room from the stairway in the background . cathy ( to thea ) the young man , Mr. Davis , seem to be some kind of a unofficial observer —— a correspondent of some sort —— thea and the soldier -- he look at I so strangely -- who be he ? before Cathy can answer Oliver have come close to stand beside they . in the background General pheride have cross to the brazier where Mr. St. aubyn stand . ST . aubyn I do not really know where thea come from . the vice '' consul at adrianople bring she to I .. general her name be thea ? ST . aubyn theodosia . general her family name ? ST . aubyn damn I , if I know . she 's become so much a member of we household I never think of she by any name but thea -- she have a last name -- he wrinkle he forehead . ST . aubyn I seem to have forget . the General look at he suspiciously . general you do not know she last name -- you do not know from where she come ? ST . aubyn ( look off at he secretary ) miss wollsten -' my secretary , she would know . mo . full shot - miss wollsten . she get up , place one of the long needle she use in she embroidery work through the collar of she dress and start toward the stairway . full shot - the General and St. aubyn as they watch miss wollsten pass . she nod " good night . " the General turn back to St. aubyn . general ( with a gesture toward Cathy ) you daughter be ill . ST . aubyn ( brush off the question ) she 's not too well . general ( persistently ) what be she illness ? ST . aubyn nothing , really . she 's be under a great strain -- the journey -- the battle -- general be she ill before that girl come into you household ? ST . aubyn ( embarrassed at this interrogation ) why -- no not before thea come —— the General look at he and then at thea . general you daughter be weak -- she feel as if the blood have be drain from she -- and all this since that girl come to work in you house . St. aubyn look at he in annoyance . this volunteer diagnosis offend he . he turn toward the stair . the General turn with he , take hold of he arm to stop he . general this girl -- ST . aubyn ( interrupt ) this girl -- thea —- be not a servant in my household , sir . she be my daughter 's companion . now , sir , if you will excuse I , I will go have a look at Mr. jack . general I will go with you . Mr. St. aubyn start for the stair and the General stalk after he . the two man reach the foot of the stair mo . close shot - Oliver with thea and Cathy . he smile in a friendly fashion at thea , as he say : oliver I hope Mr. jack get to bed in one piece . cathy m~ father will take care of it . ( gush to impress Oliver ) pappa be wonderful ! no matter what happen , he make I feel perfectly safe . ( with flirtatious emphasis ) I could never leave he . I should be utterly helpless by myself . thea ( gravely ) you be fortunate in you father . cathy thea be a orphan . oliver ( to thea ) that be a lovely song you sing before we come . sing it again , will you ? thea smile , pleased at he request . before she can reply , Cathy break in . cathy ( apologetically ) I adore hearing thea sing -- but my poor head 's beginning to ache . ( exaggeratedly ) I be so sorry . oliver ( courteously ) of course . tomorrow , perhaps , before I go ? thea nod and Oliver look at she , see how very beautiful , how very desirable she be . he smile and a radiant answer smile come to she lip . Cathy , watch they , draw they attention with a sigh . she lean back against the pillow exhaustedly and a little shudder move she shoulder . thea , instantly all concern , bend over she . thea you have a chill ! you must have a glass of wine . she cross quickly to the little table and pick up the amphora . she bring it back with she , Oliver and Cathy be talk . she have to wait , hold the cold pitcher until Cathy turn and hold out she glass . Cathy wait for Oliver to finish speak before she pass the glass to thea . oliver you can imagine the General 's disappointment when he find he wife 's body go . he turn to thea . oliver then we hear you sing -- it be so strange and eerie in a place where we have think there be only the dead . as Oliver finish speak , Cathy hold out she glass to thea , who begin to pour wine into it . thea I be think of death when I sing . cathy - ( protest ) thea ! thea finish pour the wine and put down the amphora . the chill jug have make she hand cold . she rub they together , then blow on they . Cathy and Oliver watch she , both smile . Cathy shiver . cathy you be make I feel cold . thea be instantly concerned . cathy ( cont 'd ) perhaps my scarf -- thea nod , smile and willingly go to get it . full shot - thea . the camera pan with she to the foot of the stair . here she pause and from a small marble bench take up a lychnos , set it alight from another that be burn there and with this lamp in she hand begin to ascend the stair . mo . shot of the stair . tall and lovely , with almost measure grace , thea ascend the stair to the second floor landing , then come up onto the landing and pause , look down the corridor . she hold up she lamp . long shot - camera set up behind thea , so that it see what she see before she . in the corridor there be three point of illumination . one from the skylight ; two from window . this three source of light cut the blackness of the corridor into almost equal section ; oblong of blackness alternate with rectangle of grey moonlight . around thea there be a nimbus of weak and ~ waver light , the illumination from she little lamp . the whole corridor be very still , very oppressive . thea draw in she breath almost as if take courage , and move toward the first patch of blackness . at its edge she hesitates and step forward , with a little rush of movement . for a moment she be lose to view , then emerge in the first patch of moonlight . she move slowly across this . then again , at the very edge of the second section of darkness , she pause . there be a little sound in the darkness ; some scuffling of papers or blow curtain . she stop stock still , begin to lift she lamp . the lamp flame flicker , and then a sudden soft draft make the flame lean far from the wick , pulsate , puff out . the loss of the light leave thea cleft between darkness and moonlight . again she take a sharp intake of breath , again move on and be lose to view , only to emerge again in the second section of light . she move normally across this patch toward the darkness of a door set into a deep embrasure . mo . close shot as thea emerge from the darkness and turn right , she hand already outstretch for the doorknob . a dark figure obtrude itself from the deeper blackness of the door embrasure . a hand reach out to seize she wrist . she give a half stifle scream of fear and look up into the face of the General as it emerge into the light . general you blow out the light -- to see better in the darkness . thea shake she head , perplex , still frighten . she look at the lamp in she hand . the General reach out he hand to point out the lamp . they hand touch . he draw he hand back quickly . general and you hand be cold —- cold as dead hand . thea be too terrify to speak . general ( with menace softness ) you . you know I ? thea shake she head , too torrify to speak . general swear it . by you wind shroud , do you swear it ? thea shrink away , still unable to utter a sound . the General realize that he question be futile . he release she wrist , but still hold she fast with he fix , accuse gaze . general ( slowly ) maybe you have no memory for the past —— ( in a whisper ) vrykolaka ! with the word , terror take she . she make a quick movement to flee . just as quickly he seize she , drag she to he . he have to hold both she hand ; then pull she up against he chest . he repeat the word without any special meaning . his face , across which a narrow beam of light fall obliquely , be grotesque and horrible . the girl struggle and she struggle free one hand . she push herself away from he and quickly make the sign of the cross between herself and the General at the same time whisper hurriedly . thea Christ be with I —— for a bare second , there be silence between they and then , quite suddenly , he release she other hand and begin to roar with laughter . she stand amaze , too wonder - strike even to flee , almost gape at he . general ( through he laughter ) you think I a vrykolaka - —a vampire - - he pinch he arm . general look -- I be alive . he begin to laugh again . general and I think the same of you ! ( sober ) I be ashamed . a grow man -- the General smile in ridicule of he own foolishness , general we of the mountain village be strange people . there be too many old dream in we blood , eh ? thea smile in agreement . general then you can understand -- you can forgive I . again she smile . he start to move away from she . he have go through the black patch of darkness nearest they and have emerge into the moonlight on the other side . she lift she head and call to he . thea General —— he turn . thea what do they call you ? what be you name ? general nikolas pheride . he turn and continue down the corridor . closeup of thea . a strange look come over she face . from she stare , it be evident that the name strike some sharp chord in she mind . fade out fade in ext . a ruin overlooking the sea - morning - effect shot it be a bright morning and between the two portal of a ruin temple can be see the sunlit sea . ( see page 98 " hellas " ) in the space between the two portal , three people be group , Cathy , thea and albrecht . Cathy be seat on one of the white stone , lean back against the wall , a rug wrap about she knee . albrecht stand behind and a little in back of she , while thea stand lean gracefully against the opposite portal , half silhouett against the brightness of the sea . for a moment they remain quiet , then suddenly thea throw up she arm in a gesture of ecstasy and speak almost as if to herself . thea the sea ! the sea ! albrecht stare at she , arrest by the word . albrecht what make you say that , thea ? the moment be break . thea look at he self - consciously , and then shake she head . thea I do not know . albrecht " the sea —- the sea . " that be the very word of xenophon and the ten thousand - - do you know about they , thea ? smiling , thea shake she head . albrecht you do not have to . it 's inside of you -- all the glory that be Greece -' the dance , the sing and the white marble -- cathy how clover you be , Mr. albrecht , to see all that in we simple thea ... she be quite pretty , be not she ? albrecht ( disregard she ; point to a column ) this be the temple of hade -- the God of the Dead . it contain no image -- just empty space and wall of perfect symmetry . cathy ( look about she ) how disappoint ! I expect it be something more romantic . a temple to the goddess of Love , perhaps . albrecht ( look off ) the Greeks think death be beautiful -- a adventure -- a journey to another world . ( after a little pause ) but I have my other guest to think of -- the General will be want to go back to he army . if you ' will excuse I -- he start off . the two girl watch he go into the grove . thea seat herself beside , Cathy . close two shot - thea and Cathy . thea Cathy —- how do it feel to have a father ? cathy what a odd question ! thea I mean , do one love a father because he be good and kind - —or just because he be one 's father ? cathy ( out of she depth ) why , I love my father because - because I do . of course , he 's nice to I . Cathy lean over toward she . cathy thea -- you be hide something . why do you suddenly speak of you father ? you tell I once you have never see he -- do not know he -- thea I do not know he , but I have see he . cathy what be it -- what be you talk about ? thea you have forget my last name ? Cathy think a moment , then smile . cathy I have forget it , dear . thea my last name be pheride . Cathy look at she in astonishment . int . the general be room - day the General be seat on the edge of he cot still in he shirt sleeve . he be pull on he boot . Oliver have be wash at the little wash stand and be drying he face with a small towel . Oliver begin to whistle merrily as he throw the towel down . the General look at he . general you be a happy man Oliver . you have but one world to live in —- the world of today . I have two world . I have that old dark world of peasant ignorance and superstition in which I be bring up and a new world which the army give I —— a world of mathematics , gun range , logistic , tactic , strategy . oliver ( grin ) it do not seem to bother you much , General . general I will be glad to leave this island . it have too much of that old dark world about it . I will be glad to leave it and that girl —— oliver thea ? the General nod . general there be something evil about she . oliver oh , now —— now look here —— general ( interrupt ) I know all you be go to say —- I have be say it to myself , but the think will not leave my mind . she resemble my wife -—there be something about she ——the way she move —— the way she turn she head . oliver but that should make you like she . the General shake he head / general it make I fear she . oliver ( shrugging ) I can not understand that . general it be not necessary to understand . we be leave and I be thankful . ext . the ruins - day close shot - thea and . Cathy . they be talk earnestly . cathy thea , you choice be a very simple one . either you want to claim he as you father , or you do not . thea but one must love a father . cathy the General '' you do not even know he . there be a little silence while thea look toward the ground at she foot . cathy come , thea , if you be go to claim he as you father you have get to make up you mind . they will be leave any minute . thea I do not know . as a child . I long for a father and now —- I do not know —— thea be still hesitant ; still try to puzzle it out . cathy do you like what you have see , of he ' ? thea shake she head . thea I feel he do not like I . cathy that should decide it or you -- thea I will let he go . he be dead to I as he be to all my mother 's people . I turn my hand against he . int the general be room - day Oliver and the General be ready to depart . Oliver take a last look around the room to see that they have leave nothing . the General stand by the door buckle on he belt . oliver well , at any rate , I would like to say goodbye to the girl . general we have no time for that . Oliver shrug . oliver ready ? the General nod and straighten he coat under he belt . Oliver throw open the door and they start out . int . MAIN room - day the camera be set up in the doorway of the bedroom to shoot past Oliver and the General as they go out a albrecht be come down the stair . he be hurry and be very excited . albrecht wait , gentleman ! wait ! they turn to he . albrecht I need you advice —— something have happen —— Mr. jack —— oliver drunk again ? albrecht he 's dead . I want the General to see he . general if you wish . albrecht nod gratefully , turn , and they follow he as he start up the stair . int . upstair corridor - day the three man , albrecht , Oliver and the General come to the second floor and start down to the last door . the camera truck before they . albrecht he be go back to hear the sound of bow bell . he will never hear they again . they stop in front of the door to jack ' room . albrecht open it . through the doorway can be see a sheeted body on the bed ; the face cover . the three man stop in the doorway . oliver he complain of not feel well . I think he be drunk —— he staggered . albrecht that staggering . his die so quickly . ( to General ) in you campaign , have you never see man who staggered before they die , who talk incoherently —— walk blindly . general I have see man die drunk —- and I have see man die of the plague . oliver ( aghast ) Plague ? there 's no possibility of that , be there ? general the rider on the pale horse be pestilence . he follow the war . albrecht I be not sure that it be the plague . general we will know when the next one sicken . ( to Oliver ) until then you and I remain here . I will not bring the plague to my troops . albrecht in the meantime it would be useless to alarm the other . ( nodd ) let they think it be a normal ( glance into jack ' room ) and , perhaps it be —- perhaps it be . dissolve int . math room '' night the oil lamp be light . albrecht have assemble he refugee guest at two table . they be just finish dinner . Oliver and thea sit at the same table . cathy ( to Oliver ) I be glad you and the General do not have to leave we . we would feel quite desert .. oliver ( with a look which divide he compliment between Cathy and thea ) how could we go back to the war with such pleasant company here .. cathy ( smile ) thank you . thea smile , pleased . Mr. St. aubyn look at he daughter , smile and gay . ST . aubyn you be feel better , Cathy ? ( to albrecht ) I must admit you island be peaceful enough . even I have relaxed .. ( smile ) in fact , I feel quite exhaust . he lift he hand to he forehead . miss wollsten ( concerned ) perhaps you should rest for a little while , Mr. St. aubyn . St. aubyn dismiss the suggestion with a gesture . cathy ( to Oliver ) pappa be so strong . not a bit like I . even as a child , I be delicate . then mamma die , everyone think I should die , too . Oliver smile politely but avoid the invitation to flirtation . instead , he turn to thea . oliver thea , you have hardly say a word all through dinner . ( troubledly ) I feel something strange in the house —— cold . the General turn to look at thea , he eye sombre and question . general you be afraid because Mr. jack be upstairs . thea ( shaking she head ) the dead be dead .. they can do no harm . albrecht move to get up from the table . albrecht miss thea complain of the cold . let 's go to the fire . the guest rise and the man stand back as Cathy , thea and miss wollsten go out of scene , towards the other end of the large room . albrecht who have draw glass and a wine bottle towards he , lift one of the glass toward St. aubyn questioningly . albrecht St. aubyn ? ST . aubyn ( shaking he head ) a excellent wine , no doubt , but it have rather a curious brassy taste in my mouth . no I really quite tired . a alert , speculative look come into albrecht 's face as he watch St. aubyn move out of scene . mo . shot , Cathy , thea and miss wollsten have seat themselves around the brazier , miss wollsten already at work on she interminable embroidery . St. aubyn pass they , go to the staircase in b.g. miss wollsten look up and watch he anxiously . Cathy also look up . cathy good night , pappa . St. aubyn smile at she , with a effort , and start slowly up the stair . int . upstair corridor - night angle shot of St. aubyn come up the stair . a few step from the top , he stop ; falter and almost lose he balance . he clutches at the balustrade to save himself from fall . for a second , he stand there almost double over , he face draw from a sudden onslaught of pain . then he straighten himself with a effort and pull himself slowly up the remain step . at the head of the stair , he go past camera . camera pan to show he start down the murky corridor , staggering as if he be drunk . he hesitates , then turn and lurch to the third door at the leave , open it and go in . mo . close shot . albrecht , Oliver and the General , at the table , be watch St. aubyn 's o.s. exit . they speak in whisper . general do you hear what thea say -- as if she know what threaten we . albrecht that 's impossible . I tell they jack die of a sudden heart attack , probably bring on by over drink . general do you servant get word to Dr. drossos ? albrecht pick up the wine bottle and the glass . albrecht ( nodd ) Dr. drossos should be here any hour now . wider angle . Cathy and thea be pay no attention to the man across the room , but miss wollsten be watch they covertly . as the man start across to the brazier , albrecht carry the bottle and glass , she gather together she embroidery and stand up . miss wollsten if you will forgive I ... I have letter to write . the other call out " good night " to she as she cross to the stair and begin to ascend . albrecht and the General go to a small table , where albrecht put down the bottle and glass . Oliver join Cathy and thea . cathy ( to Oliver ) I have just be admire thea 's headdress . I think I shall have a hat make like it a little round cap with a veil —— Oliver , scarcely hearing she prattle , look off toward the now empty staircase . int . upstair corridor - night miss wollsten come up the stair . she hesitates a moment at the first door on she leave and then walk past it and go down to the third door . she knock . there be no answer . she open the door . the room be dark . she go in . dissolve int . MAIN room - night the General and albrecht sit drink . albrecht be show the old soldier a grecian helmet . the General hold it in he hand , study it carefully and with something close to affection . Cathy and thea be stand with Oliver at the foot of the stair . cathy good night , Oliver . oliver sleep well . the two girl , start up the stair , Oliver look after they pityingly . cathy ( over she shoulder ) you be not leave tomorrow ..? oliver I think not . thea half turn to look back at Oliver ; a long sweeping look . thea and Cathy continue upstairs and Oliver turn back to where the other two man arc seat . dissolve int . MAIN room - night the General and albrecht be still sit together . Oliver stand near they . general until we know , what choice be there ? we have to stay . oliver but the war , the army —— they need you . general better no general than one carry the plague . oliver we still do not know that it 's the plague —— general ( adamantly ) Dr. drossos will tell we . we will know what to do then . Oliver give a little shrug of resignation and walk a few step into the room , head down , hand in he pocket . then he turn , grin ruefully . - oliver I wonder if my editor 's psychic ? report from the Greek front be go to be a little vague . albrecht ( chuckle ) or even spirit message from the next world . Oliver 's eye widen and then he smile quizzically at albrecht . oliver ( nod thoughtfully ) I suppose a war correspondent could get the plague . ( cheerfully ) well , I would better try for some sleep —- while I be alive to enjoy it . good night , gentleman . he start for the stair . the camera dolly with he , then pan with he as he climb . int . the corridor - night Oliver come up onto the landing and start down the corridor . suddenly , a shadowy form materialize from the darkness and a voice whisper to he . miss wollsten Mr. Davis -' Oliver , startle , stop and stare . miss wollsten will you help I ? Mr. St. aubyn be ill —- very ill oliver ( start forward ) his room be down here , be not it ? int . girl ' bedroom - night mo . full shot . both girl be in they bed and both seem to be asleep . close shot '' Cathy . she sleep soundly . close shot '' thea . she be wide awake listen to the sound of excited footstep in the hall . thea look toward the door . insert the bottom of the door frame and the floor . Light pass the door . there be darkness then more light go past . mo . close shot '' thea . she rise to one elbow and wait for a moment , watch the close door . then she swing she foot to the floor and begin to reach for a wrapper which hang at the foot of the bed . she put it on , stand up and start tiptoeing across the room , camera panning with she . camera halt as thea pause at the foot of Cathy 's bed . she look at the motionless figure of the sleep Cathy . then , camera panning with she again , she go to the door and stand there , listen . int . the corridor - night dolly shot . albrecht and the dapper , uniform figure of Dr. drossos come down the corridor . the camera dolly before they . albrecht if he 's not dead , he 's certainly a sick man . albrecht and Dr. drossos turn at St. aubyn 's door and go in ~ int . ST . aubyn be room - night Oliver and the General be stand at the foot of St. aubyn 's bed . miss wollsten stand near the head of the bed , look down at the motionless figure of the consul . albrecht and Dr. drossos enter Dr. drossos nod to the General and cross to the bed . while the other wait tensely , he feel the man 's pulse . he shake he head and take hold of the blanket 's edge , to pull it up over the dead man 's face . miss wollsten ( fight hysteria ) no . no . I will not believe it . he 's not dead . general this be Dr. drossos , chief medical officer of my division . miss wollsten I do not care who he be . he do not know . he can not tell —— dr . drossos ( pityingly ) I will make any test you want . look . Dr. drossos pluck a feather from the pillow , a little curl of fluff , and hold it before St. aubyn 's mask - like face . insert the feather at St. aubyn 's face . it do not move . back to scene : miss wollsten ( stubbornly ) he 's not dead . I tell you he 's not dead . Dr. drossos sigh . he turn and pick up a hand mirror from the chest of drawer behind he . dr . drossos if there be the finest breath of life it will cloud a mirror . he take a handkerchief from he pocket and carefully polish the mirror to clarity , then hold it before the dead mouth . he turn the uncloud mirror , so that the other may observe it . dr . drossos you see ? miss wollsten ( cling desperately to she delusion ) the breath can stop , the heart can stop —— it still do not mean death . Men have live -- Dr. drossos nod with approval . be entirely devoid of sentiment , he manner be that of a teacher answer the argument of a particularly bright student . dr . drossos quite right . in cataleptic trance , a man may live for day with no visible sign of life . the breath suspend , the heartbeat still -- ( look down at St. auby n ) but this man be dead . Dr. drossos turn away to replace the mirror on the chest of drawer . as he do so , Oliver step forward and start to pull the blanket over the dead man 's face . again , miss wollsten stop it . general what difference do it make ? cover or uncover , the eye see no more . as he speak , the General start toward the door . int . corridor - night close shot on close door of St. aubyn 's room . the door open and the General start to step into the corridor . he be suddenly motionless , obviously arrest by something he see . camera draw aside to disclose thea . the girl evidently be freeze in the act of try to slip away . she start to put she hand to she throat , but , as she be not wear the necklace , fumble nervously with the collar of she robe . then , still under the General 's relentless stare , she go back to she room . at this moment , Oliver come out of St. aubyn 's room . he look down the corridor , then worriedly back to the General . albrecht and Dr. drossos also come out and the four man start toward the stair . int . ST . aubyn be room - night miss wollsten stand look down at St. aubyn , then suddenly she take from she bodice a long embroidery needle still gaze intently into he face , she jab the needle deep into the dead man 's arm . there be no reaction in the marble set of the corpse 's face . miss wollsten pull the blanket over the dead man 's face and suddenly burst out weep , bury she face in she hand . dissolve int . MAIN room - day Morning sunlight pour in through the window . Cathy sit near the door , cry delicately into a lace handkerchief . thea stand beside she . thea 's expression betray grief , but it be the control and dignify grief of the peasant who know death as intimately as life and be equally at peace with both . near they be miss wollsten , stony - face and compose . Oliver be seat on the table , swinging he foot . the General stand in the open doorway look toward the sea . Dr. drossos and albrecht stand together in the center of the group . dr . drossos we be face with a very serious form of plague . its first symptom be dizziness , nausea , weakness , inability to focus the eye or control the limb . this be follow by acute spasm , sometimes blindness , and finally , in moat case , death . cathy ( frantically ) I do not want to hear any more . you can not keep I here . this horrible island —— it have cost I my father —— it will kill all of we . the General turn he head and look at Cathy without emotion . general ( implacably ) I will not have the plague carry to my troops . no one leave here —not you , not I , not anyone . Oliver go over to the distraught and weep Cathy , put he hand on she shoulder sympathetically . oliver the doctor only want we to know the worst , for we own good . besides , he hold out some hope -- Oliver turn to Dr. drossos , who nod slowly . dr . drossos if the wind shift , if the sirocco blow -- the hot wind from the South -- all danger will be over in twenty - four hour . albrecht ( to drossos gentle mockery ) good wind and bad wind ! albrecht go to the table . dr . drossos ( patiently ) the disease be transmit by fleas and they body be eighty percent moisture . the hot wind literally burn they away . albrecht take the bronze trident from the figure of Poseidon and finger it thoughtfully as he speak ? albrecht the ancient Greeks have just as good a explanation -- that the god send the plague to punish mortal for harbor vrykolaka -- dr . drossos ( impatiently ) they use to believe that sort of thing in the mountain village . some still do -- he glance at the General and then at thea . general ( with serious determination ) I do not . albrecht , still hold the trident , walk over to the open doorway where the General stand . miss wollsten get to she foot suddenly and face the man with a look of scorn , almost of hatred . miss wollsten ( to drossos ) if you have nothing more to tell we , will you excuse I —- Dr. drossos bow and miss wollsten cross the room to the staircase . close shot . at the foot of the staircase miss wollsten turn with one of she curious , inimicable glance , then begin to climb the stair . mo . shot - on remain group . dr . drossos she 's right . this be hardly the time to bandy old tale . albrecht I have live long enough to doubt everything -- which be to say , I believe everything , a little . albrecht go to the table and replace the trident . dr . drossos you be just talk nonsense . albrecht let we put it to the test . protect yourself with every scientific precaution you can think of . I will go out on the cliff and build a votive fire to Hermes -- not that I believe in he any more than I do in Science . Dr. drossos give a little snort of disdain . albrecht ( smile ) we will see who be the first to die . dr . drossos ( smile wryly ) very well . I will wager a dinner . dissolve out dissolve in ext . ruins - night it be a moonlit night and the cypress tree cast deep shadow across the marble flooring of the terrace . from somewhere on the island , possibly play by one of the servant , come the sound of a Greek bagpipe blatting its shrill and mournful music into the still air . the camera be set up to take in the balcony from one end . thea , Oliver and Cathy be together . Cathy be stretch out on a settee with a robe over she knee . Oliver and thea stand together near one of the pillar . oliver ( commiseratingly ) I know it must be hard . but you have relative in London -- you have get a whole world of live , ahead of you -- cathy ( on the verge of the tear which be so easy for she ) no one can take my father 's place . she grope around as if look for something . cathy my handkerchief -' I think I must have lose it —- perhaps when we be in the grove . ( with a preemptory note ) thea ! thea bestir herself out of whatever reverie have hold she . thea I will find it . she start off toward the right . Oliver look at she . oliver you can not go down there alone - - he take a few quick , long stride and catch up with she . Cathy be leave completely alone . she look off at the other two and she customary expression of weak helplessness quickly change to one of anger . she be so intent that she do not notice miss wollsten rise from a chair in the b g. , walk through the deep shadow cast by the cypress tree and come noiselessly to stand beside she . miss wollsten have to speak to gain she attention . miss wollsten Cathy -- Cathy look around at she inquiringly , somewhat startle . miss wollsten I wish I do not have such bitter knowledge of you , Cathy . cathy whet do you mean ? miss wollsten they be talk about the vrykolakas this morning . Cathy , that 's what you be —— a weak , pale , half - dead thing that drain all the life and joy from that who want to live . cathy ( haughtily ; in a attempt to put miss wollsten in she place ) miss wollsten ! miss wollsten you and you mysterious illness . a new attack everytime you be cross '' everytime you can not get you own way . Cathy try to interrupt , but miss wollsten go on ruthlessly . miss wollsten you father know it too . but he be never sure how much be pretense . cathy ( flaring up ) how do you know what my father think - - miss wollsten ( disregard she ) you father love I . he want to marry I . but he be afraid of hurt the gentle , delicate Cathy . you spoiled he life ——you have ruin mine —— cathy you be father 's secretary -' I never think - - miss wollsten do not you ? but now -- what be you think now ? she point over the balustrade toward the cypress grove below . cathy what would I be think ? miss wollsten Mr. Davis seem a good prospect umyoung handsome , sympathetic -- ready to listen to you and feel sorry for you - - cathy what if he be ? miss wollsten ( disregard she ) ) but thea -- she stand in you way . I know you . I know you little hint —— the way you can turn the truth into a lie -- cathy why , I be fond of thea . miss wollsten you be plane something , Cathy .. but I will not let you —- I will warn they against you . cathy you will not say one single word . I know you secret . miss wollsten that you father and I —— cathy no . I mean you other secret -' the one you keep bidd even from my father . that old doctor in London -- he tell I . she face she triumphantly . miss wollsten shrink and turn away . Cathy stand look after she smile , then turn and walk to the edge of the ruin and look down into the grove . ext . the cypress grove - night only trickle of moonlight come through the pendulous branch and thick bole of this dark tree . the camera track to a space between two of the large tree , a space which seem fill only with shadow and moonlight , but as it move in closer , Oliver and thea be disclose , embrace . they break apart . she start to turn from he but he take she hand and turn she so that she face he . oliver thea . she allow he to draw she back . close shot '' over Oliver 's shoulder at thea 's face . he cup he hand around she chin so that she look up at he . her eye be wet with tear . oliver you be cry . why ? thea ( simply ) I do not know . everything 's so mix up -- oliver ( smile ) everything 's so simple . I like you . thea smile at he affectionately , but then she face cloud again and she look away from he . oliver what 's bother you , thea ? be it the General ? thea sometimes when he look at I in that strange way , I be afraid of he . oliver do not let it trouble you . he 's a old man and this last few day have be a terrible strain on he . he will not harm you . she make a pathetic attempt at a smile . he put he arm around she protectively and they kiss . slowly they break from they embrace and together they start up the path . another aspect of the grove - night this be at a point where a narrow flight of marble stair come clown from above the camera be on the stair , focused on the path . Oliver and thea walk in silence , they hand clasped . they come slowly up the path . another angle - mo . close shot - thea and Oliver suddenly look up . ext . stair - night General pheride stand there , erect and silent , look up with a expression which be hard to fathom . three shot . nervous and embarrassed , thea disengage she hand from Oliver 's . oliver you give we quite a start -- stand there . the General be silent . thea move rapidly toward the stair , carefully avoid physical contact with the General as she go past he . he do not turn to look at she , but as Oliver move to follow she , the General put a restrain hand on he arm . then , without a word , he step down onto the path and start along it toward the shore . Oliver look at he in puzzlement , shrug and then follow he . ext . grove - night the two man walk silently through the grove . at the edge of the grove on the shoreward side of the island the General and Oliver come out from beneath the tree and emerge onto the beach below the figure of cerberus . the General seat himself on a block of stone , look out toward the sea . Oliver stand near he . the General point out across the water . long shot - matte . the General in the f.g. point to the camp fire burn on the hill of the opposite shore . , general tomorrow they move on to engage the enemy —— to beat he back across the bosphorus . close shot - the General have he sabre between he knee and be rest he two hand upon it ; a melancholy and mournful figure . his eye be fix on the distant camp fire . ( note : see famous World - Wide photograph of King ferdinand of Bulgaria , take after the defeat of the bulgarian army in 1917 . ) oliver it 's hard go , General . you want to lead they . here you be quarantine just because you want to pray at you wife 's side —— and even she body be go . the General look over . general ( muse ) thea be so like she —— in every feature —— oliver ( rather pleased ) if she look like thea , she must have be beautiful . the General take a deep breath and sigh , remember other day . general she be beautiful . there be blood between she family and my kin . but that do not stop I from take she when I see she beauty , nor do it stop she from loving I . oliver how do she die ? general I do n ' t know . when I be go the people from she village come to my home seek vengeance . they bore she away with they . month later she come back ——pale -- sick -- she die -- there be a long silence . Oliver stir restlessly . oliver be this what you want to speak to I about ? general in a way -- this girl , thea . you must stay away from she . oliver I have a notion you have become self—appointed chaperone lately '' why ? general you be my friend . oliver and I be you friend —— but that do not explain why you be always try to come between thea and I ? general if I tell you —— you would not believe I -- but this much I can tell you —— the girl be dangerous to you . take a friend 's advice -- a old man ' 's advice -- leave she alone -' oliver ( turn away ; indignant ) that 's ridiculous -- thea 's lovely , gentle —- general ( earnestly ) listen to what I say -- oliver when you make sense I will listen . he start off , up the path through the grove , the General follow he . ext the grove - night Oliver , follow by the General , pass through the grove . ext . the ruins - night Cathy still sit in the moonlight . Oliver and the General come into the ruin . oliver where 's thea ? cathy I think she go to bed —— I see she go toward the house Oliver make a vague gesture of disappointment and sit down beside Cathy . while Cathy be speak , the General have turn to look down into the grove . he still stand look down among the tree . ext the grove - night long shot '' of thea pass between the tree , look for Oliver . ext the ruins - night mo . close shot - the General . Oliver and Cathy can be see behind he . general ( in a low voice ) let the doctor guard we against the plague —- I shall stand guard against the other thing -- the thing we cannot understand . mo . full shot , favor Oliver and . Cathy . they both look up in surprise at the General . he look at they and then stalk off into the darkness toward the house . Cathy watch he . fade out fade in montage of tide - tide run in and out -- day and night , over the sound of grecian reed pipe , and a voice sing " the lament of konos , ' the lament that describe how life come in and go out with the tide of the sea . ext . ruins - day a Greek brazier on a tripod stand before the portal face the sea . a fire burn in the brazier and albrecht stand beside it with a handful of twig which he be about to put on the fire . Dr. drosssos stand watch he . albrecht ( turn to he ) I suppose you want to hear my prayer to Hermes . dr . drossos I just come to see if you prayer would entertain I as much as my medicine seem to amuse you . albrecht turn he hand and let the remain twig fall onto the fire . it burn up with a bright flame , then a thin column of black smoke ascend . he lift he hand upward in the grecian attitude of prayer . albrecht ( teasingly ) you be too late , my friend . I have already make my prayer . and how about you scientific effort ? Dr. drossos step forward , bend to pick up some twig which be beside the brazier and put they on the fire . dr . drossos ( dryly ) also too late . I owe you a dinner . as the meaning of this sink in , albrecht 's banter manner disappear . albrecht ( concerned ) ) you feel the symptom ? albrecht my friend -- what can one say -- dr . drossos you can have you servant prepare a dinner . that be the way I will meet my old - familiar enemy -- death -- I have fight he before . I have win often . now he win . let he come for I at my own banquet . dissolve int . the MAIN room - night full shot . the little ray of oil lamp which illuminate the room during the dinner have be replace by a great central lamp , also oil -burn . the long table be in a pool of brilliance ; tongue of light from the manifold wick of the lamp flicker into the outer dimness of the room . as the dinner be almost over , there remain on the table only bowl of fruit and date , wine glass and the many wine jug and bottle , some of they empty . at one end of the table sit Dr. drossos , as host , miss wollsten , albrecht and the General . at the opposite end , as if draw apart by they mutual youth , be Cathy , thea and Oliver . on the stair sit the man servant of albrecht and he bagpipe under he arm . out of this hairy apparatus he be coax folk melody of he native hill . the woman servant , dress in gay national costume , wait on the table . mo . shot of Dr. drossos and group at one end of the table . Dr. drossos refill miss wollsten 's glass and carry the bottle to he own glass with a unsteady hand . dr . drossos ( thickly ) when I be a young man , I prescribe moderation in all thing . especially wine . Dr. drossos fill he glass to the brim and then continue pour , so that the bright liquid spill over onto the table . miss wollsten laugh softly and a little drunkenly and albrecht take the bottle out of the doctor 's hand , set it upright again . the General smile and pick up he wine glass . general when I be young a man be measure by the skin of wine he could empty . albrecht look toward the other end of the table and lift he glass . ned . close shot of Cathy , thea and Oliver . they be sit with they head close together , in intimate conversation . Cathy and Oliver be smile gaily . thea smile , too , but rather puzzledly as if the conversation elude she . Oliver be speak in a very low tone , almost whisper . plainly , the wine have have a effect oliver ( mockly melodramatic ) and then - - the vrykolaka will get you , if you do not watch out ... Cathy , more animated than we have ever see she between the wine and she grow interest in Oliver , start to laugh . cathy oh , no -' it 's too delicious ! you be make it up ! oliver on my word ! that 's what they believe . thea ( smile but distress ) please .. you should not laugh -- oliver ( teasing she ) you see ? thea believe it , too ! Cathy turn to thea . where Oliver 's teasing be good - tempere , she mock laughter have a edge of malice to it . cathy tell I about they , thea . they have great wing end long tooth -- oliver ( embellish ) sharp , shiny tooth -- and they creep up to you bed -- cathy closer and closer —- until they bite into you throat ! as she say it , Cathy 's finger dart out and touch thea 's throat . thea give a little muffle cry and throw herself back from Cathy . Cathy and Oliver both burst out laugh , lean close together , share they childish joke . cathy oh , my poor simple thea ! ( to Oliver ) do you ever see anything so ludicrous ? thea , frighten by the conversation and unhappy because Oliver and Cathy have be make fun of she , start to get up from the table . mo . shot of table , include both group , with Oliver , Cathy and thea in the background . as thea stand up , Dr. drossos lean forward , peer down the table towards she . dr . drossos thea ! come here ! the other turn to look at the girl as she obey the summon . dr . drossos look at she . warm , beautiful - alive . drink with I , thea -' drink to my old enemy , who win at last -- as thea come to stand beside he , Dr. drossos pick up albrecht 's wine glass and hand it to she . thea obediently drink . in silence they watch she drain the glass , she head go back slowly . it be a beautiful , a pagan gesture . general ( almost to himself ) there be only one place where the woman bewitch one with they beauty . close shot of thea as she start sing . it 's a primitive , sensuous song and thea 's whole body seem to respond .. mo . close shot of Oliver and Cathy , watch thea . it be obvious that Oliver be bewitch ; he eye follow every move the girl make . Cathy steal a glance at he . another angle as thea sing ; she move toward Oliver in a series of slow step . as she come closer to he , she start to smile , a slow dreamlike smile that seem to well up from some deep inner joy . Oliver lean forward , draw by the girl , until as she come within reach he put out he hand to take she arm . her smile quiver into a little laugh , at once childish and entice . she elude he . at this moment , she song end . while the other applaud , she cross to the door . there , she stop abruptly . closeup of thea , look across the room at Oliver . her face , flushed and alive , be a frank invitation , almost innocent in its candid admission of desire . then she slowly turn she head away . close shot of Oliver as thea slip out the door in the b.g. he get to he foot . Cathy put out she hand to hold he back but he do not even see it . as Oliver walk past the table unsteadily , the General get to he foot and block he way . Oliver push he aside impatiently . oliver everything 's dead in here , dead and empty . ( gesture toward the door ) out there ; the night be alive . he continue across and go out through the door . cathy ( start for the door ; harshly ) someone should go with he . he 's have have too much to drink . suddenly miss wollsten laugh . Cathy whirl around to stare at she angrily . miss wollsten return the stare . miss wollsten I think thea be steady enough for both . she have not have too much to drink . the General look at she with hatred and cross back to he chair and sit down . miss wollsten , with a smile , turn and go upstairs . dr . drossos ( almost incoherently ) do not go . you be leave I , you be all leave I -- albrecht , instantly concerned , get up and bond over the die man . albrecht I be here . the General be here . you be not alone . dr . drossos ( with a last spurt of strength ) I must meet he with laughter - with song and laughter -- to show he I be not afraid -- with the last word , Dr. drossos catch up he wine glass , but , before he can lift it to he lip he begin to slump in he chair . the echo of he final challenge die . the General step quickly to he side . albrecht he be die . Dr. drossos double up in he chair and fall limply forward across the table . his hand relax and the wine glass fall , the wine spilling out with the doctor 's life . general ( slowly ) when she stand beside he , I know . I could feel death in the room . fade out fade in ext . ruins - day mo . shot '' Cathy , alone , pace the little terrace outside the house . it be evident that she be disturb and agitate by something . after a moment , the sound of thea 's voice , sing , come into the still morning air . Cathy stop , listen . closer shot of Cathy , she face harden with angry jealousy as she listen to thea 's clear , sweet song . Oliver come into the ruin . Cathy turn as Oliver come toward she , smile as he look off in the direction of the sing . cathy ( emotionally ) Oliver -- Oliver 's smile fade into concern as he come up to take Cathy 's hand in quick sympathy . oliver what be it , Cathy ? what 's the matter ? mo . close shot of Cathy and Oliver . the sing continue over this entire scene , sometimes louder , sometimes fainter , as if thea be strolling about the island . Cathy 's expression be distraught and she cling to Oliver 's hand . cathy my father -- I be alone , Oliver , completely alone ! oliver ( tenderly ) poor Cathy -- cathy ( with rise hysteria ) last night Dr. drossos -- today you or I -- oh , no , Oliver , it can not be you , I could not stand it . Cathy , clutching Oliver 's hand tightly , lean toward he yearningly . Oliver , beginning to find she emotionalism awkward and a little distasteful , be deliberately matter - of fact now . oliver there 's no reason to decide any of we be go to die . cathy if only we could get away - - you and I . the other be stranger , they mean nothing to I struck by this callousness , Oliver 's face lose the last trace of sympathy for Cathy . cathy ( cont 'd ) ( feverishly ) we have to get away , we have to live . I have no one in the world -- you must stay with I , care for mak make a effort to control he instinctive aversion to she closeness , Oliver take hold of she arm and pull they away , at the same time step back from she . he smile at she , try to return they relationship to a normal foot . oliver we will talk later , when you be yourself again . Cathy still stand motionless and Oliver walk away in the direction of thea 's sing , which now come over the scene clearly . camera remains on Cathy , as she watch he go . her face contort and she start weep with rage and frustration . abruptly , she turn and start off . ext the landing outside the tunnel - day the General stand here , lean on he sabre , look toward the mainland from which come the sound of cannonade . behind he be a camp chair . ext . the mainland - day - ( matte shot ) in the distance small puff of smoke can be see and the sound of canon fire come from afar . ext . the landing outside the tunnel - day the General look up at a little flag on a pole which have be erect nearby . it blow south , rippling and undulate in the brisk north wind . he turn to look back at the other shore . Cathy come out of the tunnel . the General turn to she . cathy ( look at the flag ) the wind have not change . he shake he head . Cathy sink down in the camp chair . her face still draw from she emotional upset look frighteningly exhaust . general ( compassionately ) poor child . this must be horrible day for you . cathy I be so ill , I be so exhaust -- I almost do not care . the General look at she with heighten attention . general you look so pale this morning , as if all you blood be drain away . Cathy look at he , she ego gratefully absorb this attention and sympathy . the General take a few step back and forth , then stop before she . general have that girl -- have thea ever tell you where she come from ? cathy ( not like the change of subject ) some village in the mountain -- alethera , I think . the General stand very still . general have she speak to you of she father and she mother ? cathy ( indifferently ) she have never mention she family . general how old be she ? the General wait tensely for the answer , which mean so much to he . Cathy , now definitely bored by the trend of the conversation , reply cattily : cathy ( indifferently ) I do not know --- fairly young . the General stand silent . Cathy get up languidly and start for the tunnel . cathy the sun be so strong here . the General watch she depart , then walk to the edge of the landing and start down towards the beach . dissolve ext . cypress grove - day - long shot - high camera setup . the sunlight drift in long beam between the tree . at the end of one of this ray of light , thea be seat on a block of marble . in she lap be some myrtle leave and she be happily occupy in weaving they into a crown . mo . close shot - thea . suddenly a tall shadow fall over she . she look up . another angle . the General stand before thea . she look up without a smile of greeting . general you have deceive I long enough . now I have find out . you be from alethera -- from where I take you and from where you come to die - - to die without die - - thea rise and face he . thea why be you make up this thing - - why be you wishing evil on I ? ( as if answer she own question ) you know who I be , do not you ? general ( slowly ) I wish I do not know . I wish I have never find you again . thea I know you hate I and my people -- but I do not know you hatred be so bitter -- the General 's expression soften . he shake he head sadly . general it be not hatred . I could not hate you . thea look at he wonderingly , strike by the change in he tone . general ( somberly ) I fail you twenty year ago . now , I have come to do what must be do . thea 's face light up . she say , almost hopefully : thea to take I with you ? the General draw back from she in horror , believe as he do that she be a vrykolaka . with he leave hand he begin to reach inside he tunic . general ( in a hoarse whisper ) no - - no -- to do what I should have do . at this moment , a call come from above . oliver' voice thea -- the General look off towards the voice . oliver' voice ( cont 'd ) thea -- thea ( call ) I be here .. the General let go she arm . general ( in a low voice ) I watch you -- you have bewitch he . but he be my friend . you will not do to he what you have do to the young English girl . thea turn and run . the General stand look after she . ext . the lower end of the path leading from the house - day Oliver come leisurely down the path to the three or four step which bring it to the floor of the grove . he stop suddenly as thea run in very agitate . she run up to he and he take she in he arm . oliver thea , what 's wrong ? thea the General threaten I . oliver ( grin ) oh , that vrykolaka business . you must not be too angry with he , thea . he 's a old man and now with all this trouble —— the disappointment in not be able to lead he own army to victory -- coope up here wait for death - naturally he mind go back to the thing he believe when he be a ignorant lad in some mountain village . thea he keep ask for the name of my father and mother . oliver well , tell , he . thea I can not . oliver why in the world can not you ? thea he hate all my race . oliver I know that feud still go on , but I do not think people like you and the General would be involved . thea it be more than a feud between two family . he steal my mother away from she people . Oliver look at she , hold she out at arm 's length . oliver thea , what be this ? what be you try to tell I ? " he steal you mother " —- thea ( nodd ) it be for that he hate I . Oliver shake he head . oliver ( earnestly ) I do not think so , thea . he have speak of you mother . I do not believe he know you be he daughter . thea then why do he persecute I ? my family tell I what kind of man he be , how he steal my mother and then abandon she -- Oliver take she hand . oliver ( gently ) they do not tell you the whole truth . why do you think you mother go back to he after you be bear ? thea look at he , uncertain , unconvince . oliver ( cont 'd ) because she love he . ( pause ) I know he , thea . believe I , he be not a cruel man . thea ( slowly ) for a moment , when he look at I so sadly , I feel that I have wronge he . but then -- she shudder , remember she last sight of the General . ' oliver let I tell he . when he know you be he child , he will forget this insane notion -' thea ( alarmed ) no -- you mus not . he think I have bewitch you . he will not believe it —- he will hate I even more ! my only chance be to stay away from he . Oliver put he arm around she in a protective gesture . oliver perhaps you be right . he 's not himself now . we will wait —— and in the meantime , do not be afraid I will take care of you .. thea give he a faint , grateful smile and rest she head against he shoulder trustingly . the narrow ledge in front of the crypt - day the General turn onto the ledge and begin walk . from the crypt come the sound of someone move about . he stop . int . the crypt - day a crude wooden coffin stand on two trestle in the center of the crypt . beside it stand miss wollsten . suddenly the body of the General block the doorway shut off the light fall into the crypt . miss wollsten look up startle . two shot - the General and miss wollsten . general woman , what be you do here ? miss wollsten ( rise to she foot and attempt to look more normal and a little strange and guilty ) I want to be sure of something , General -- something that have always prey on my mind . I have a horror of be bury alive and awaken to find myself shut in —- entombed —— imprison .. general ( point to the coffin ) he sleep quietly . he die with a wine glass in he hand -- he die laugh -- a brave man , drossos , like he father before he . miss wollsten because he be a brave man - because I like he -- I come here to be sure . general he 's dead enough . God rest he soul . he start to turn away . miss wollsten General -' he turn back to she . miss wollsten I be a woman -- a lonely woman . I have few friend . general ( impatiently ) yes ? miss wollsten I have not have a happy life -- but that one thing - - that terror which bring I awake out of deep sleep —- I want to avoid it . general I do not understand you . miss wollsten I do not want to be bury alive . if I die I want to be sure —- quite sure . general if you should fall sick we will be careful . you need not worry . miss wollsten no , I want more than that . I beg you General , make sure -- drive a knife through my heart -- anything . general ( look at she in sudden horror ) you ask that of I ? you be afraid to live in you coffin . you know what that mean ? miss wollsten ( nod ) that 's superstition . that 's something out of old tale -- about the dead who live —- I be talk of something else -- cataleptic attack -- apparent death that be not real . general never fear -- when you be dead you will remain dead . I will see to it that you do not walk about again . I promise you that . there be another one here who can not die . I will watch you both . never fear . he turn and walk away from she . miss wollsten look after he with a puzzle expression . she make a half move as if to stop he for explanation then think better of it and let he go . fade out fade in int . MAIN room - night albrecht sit at the long table where he sort he artifact . Oliver sit on the table face he . the camera pan from the scientist and Oliver to the woman servant who be set the table and the man servant who be pour charcoal into the brazier . as the charcoal cover the live coal that corner of the room grow dim and the camera pan to the foot of the stair . dissolve int . the girl ' bedroom - night thea stand in front of the mirror brush she long hair . suddenly , there be a small movement in the glass alongside she reflection . she stop brush , poise in midair , peer into the glass , then whirl to look at the window . the window - night a face hardly discernible and unrecognizable be disappear from the glass . close shot - thea . she look in puzzlement at the window , then with a little shrug , she lay down she brush and begin to pile up she hair and put on she head -dress . she finish , bend swiftly to put out the oil light and go out the door . the room be plunge into darkness , except for the light doorway of miss wollsten 's room . int . the corridor night dolly shot the camera move before thea as she come down the dark hallway . the top button of she dress need fasten and she be concentrate on it as she walk . behind she a vague form seem to be emerge from the darkness . at the stair landing she pause . the top of the stair - night full close shot - thea - as she pause to finish adjust the button . behind she , the half - see dimness of the figure that have follow she down the hall emerge fully in the person of the General . just as he come into clear perception , thea finish fasten the button of she dross and start down the stair , quite oblivious of he threaten proximity . he stop at the top of the stair . int . the girl ' bedroom - night ~ the camera be set up in a corner with a wide angle lens take in both the door to the hall and the door to miss wollsten 's room . the room be in darkness , but miss wollsten 's room glow with a dim light . miss wollsten come into the doorway of she room . in she hand be one of the little lychnose . she hear a knock at the hall doorway . she hesitates a second , then put out the lamp , plunging the room in darkness . at this instant , the door from the hail open admit light as well as the General . the General strike a match and set flame to the oil lamp which thea leave in the room . when the room be illuminate , miss wollsten have disappear and only the black emptiness of she doorway can be see . the General hold up the lamp and look around . he walk into the room and camera pan with he as he cross to the window . cathy' voice General -' the General turn back towards the hall door , startle . another angle - include both the General and Cathy , who stand in the open doorway to the hall . cathy what be you do ? general I be look for you . the General walk over to she . general I have be troubled about you . I want you to know that my room be just downstairs -- ( nodd toward hail ) you have only to cry out if you be ill —— or frighten . cathy ( pleased ) how kind you be . it be so comforting to know that someone care . as she speak , Cathy go into the room and sit on the edge of she bed . general ( kindly ) you no longer have you father —- ( smile almost affectionately ) and I have no child . the General turn to leave the room , then look back toward the other bed . general miss wollsten share the room with you ? cathy no , that 's thea 's bed . miss wollsten 's bed be in there . Cathy gesture toward the darken doorway of miss wollsten 's room . the General look for a second longer at thea 's bed and then nod as he start out . cathy ( smile ) I will see you at dinner . as the General close the door behind he , Cathy get up and cross to the dressing—table . from behind she , out of the darkness of she own room , come miss wollsten . miss wollsten I have always know what a evil mind lay behind that pretty weak face of yours —— but this , Cathy -- even I would never have believe it be of you . cathy ( genuinely bewilder ) would you care to explain what you be talk about ? miss wollsten you have be play on the superstition of that poor old man '' '' work at he '' '' turn he against thea . cathy ( angrily ) really , this be idiotic ! miss wollsten you would do anything to get Oliver away from thea . but I be go to stop you . I be go to tell Mr. Davis exactly what you be . Cathy 's bewilderment have this time give way to rage , as the ancient antagonism between the two woman flare up again . cathy and what make you think he will believe you , when I tell he what you be - - what part you play in my father 's life -- miss wollsten shrink back from she , appal at the interpretation Cathy 's tone give to she love for St. aubyn . cathy when I tell he that you be unfit to live a normal life with normal people —- a cataleptic ! miss wollsten ( stricken ) you would not tell that —— cathy would not I ? now , miss wollsten 's calm leave she . she almost shriek at the girl . miss wollsten then tell they ! you be despicable , a monster of vanity with heart for no one but yourself . tell they everything -- but I will tell they too —- and you will lose , Cathy -- you understand -- you will lose ! she turn from Cathy , pick up the lamp and go back to she own room . Cathy look after she , she expression of rage fade to a irritate frown . then , with a shrug , she pick up the lychnos and walk out of the room to the hall . int . miss wollsten be room - night the bed be turn down and a white cotton nightgown hang over the footboard . miss wollsten pick up a shawl and adjust it with a frenzied movement about she shoulder . she start to pick up the lamp , then suddenly stop ; she face contort , she lip writhe in strangulate agony and very slowly she knee buckle . she go to she knee , to all four , and then slide from this position to the floor . int . MAIN room - night Oliver , thea , the General and albrecht a already seat at the table albrecht have a soup tureen before he and be ladling out bowl of soup which the woman servant take to the various place . Cathy , come across the room from the staircase , go to she place . albrecht it have be brisk and warm today . take comfort we always have this perfect day before the sirocco blow . albrecht start to ladle out another portion , look toward the one empty seat and ask : albrecht where be miss wollsten ? cathy she 's in she room . thea I will get she -- thea get up and move quickly across to the stairway . oliver if Mr. albrecht be right , we will all be free in a few day . ( to Cathy ) I suppose you will be go on to athen ? cathy ( the usual ) I do not know now without my father . general you be right . you should not be travel alone . ( to Oliver ) why do not you make the trip with she ? Cathy turn to Oliver , wait hopefully for he answer . oliver ( politely disinterested ) I would like to , very much -- but it depend on what dispatch be wait for I on the mainland . albrecht ( to Oliver ) in case you do so , would you -- albrecht 's word be cut by terrible shriek from the upper floor . for a split second , they be sit motionless and then they jump up and rush , to the staircase . int . the corridor - night mo . shot on head of stairway as the group come up the stair . the man , in the lead , cross towards the girl ' room and Cathy hurry after they . int . miss wollsten be room - night mo . close shot of thea bend over the body of miss wollsten . over the scene come the sound of a door open , quick footstep and ad lib voice . as thea raise she head , the camera draw back to show the General in the doorway of the room , with Oliver , albrecht and Cathy behind he . as the General stare into the room , thea 's hand go up to she necklace . she rise quickly as the General come forward and step aside . the General drop to one knee beside miss wollsten 's body . Oliver go over to thea and albrecht come to stand beside the General . general she be dead . Cathy , still stand in the doorway , give a little gasp and draw back into she own room . close shot . the General open the high neck of miss wollsten 's dress and examine the throat and upper bosom . general there be no mark . he look off toward thea . mo . shot . as thea shrink away from the General 's look , Oliver put a protective arm around she and lead she into the other room . albrecht help I put she on the bed . the two man lift miss wollsten 's body from the floor and carry it to the bed . general I want to make that test that Dr. drossos make . ( look down at the corpse ) I promise she . he look around the room , then go to the dresser and pick up a hand -mirror . int . the girl room - night full shot - shoot through the open doorway into miss wollsten 's room . in immediate foreground Cathy and thea sit on the bed , they back to the camera . thea have she arm around Cathy . lean on one side of the doorway , so as not to obstruct the view , be Oliver . the General and albrecht can be see bend over miss wollsten 's bed , but we can not see what they be do . albrecht' voice her heart be stop -- there be no breath . general' voice nothing . ( after a pause ) there be a way to make sure -' Oliver move into miss wollsten 's room , at the same time say sharply : oliver no . we can do without that . int . miss wollsten be room - night mo . shot - the three man . albrecht another sad task . we will bury she tomorrow . ( gesture to door ) I think we would better lock the door for tonight . it will make they less uncomfortable . general ( positively ) no . ( look toward the door ) she shall not be leave here . albrecht maybe you be right . help I get something to carry she downstairs . the figure of the three man go past the camera . they footstep can be hear as they leave the room ; the sound of the door close as they shut it behind they . the camera which have remain focus on miss wollsten 's face begin to slowly move in to a extreme closeup . here it hold a moment and as it hold there be a sudden twitch of muscle in the woman 's cheek . as the sound of the men' foot scuffling as they bring in a heavy burden be hear , the camera begin to pull back in order to reveal the General , albrecht and Oliver carry in a heavy pack box of the sort that the archaeologist use to ship statue and piece of heavy stone carve . they put the box on the floor , line it with a blanket and then lift miss wollsten and place she in the box . while the General and Oliver get the lid from the hall , albrecht notice the white cotton nightgown on the foot of the bed and pick it up . they put the lid on the box and start to lift it . dissolve the cypress grove - day long shot . thea be seat and she watch Oliver , albrecht , the General and the man servant as they carry the heavy box down the path from the house . behind the man and they burden walk Cathy , thea and the woman servant . the ledge in front of the crypt - day the little procession come up onto the ledge and start walk along it to the nearest crypt , the one next to that occupy by the remain of Dr. drossos . the crypt - day the man come in with the box and set it up on two stone support . they group themselves around it and stand a moment with bow head . albrecht Rest in peace . they all file quietly out . the camera do not move from the position in which it have be set . it remain focus on the coffin for a long moment , then , slowly , it begin to dolly in . when it have come very close to the coffin the sound of groan can be hear from within the box , then a muffle cry , movement and the sound of fingernails scraping against the board . the landing - day the General sit in he camp chair look across at the mainland . above he head the flag be stream to the north and a south wind , blow , ruffle the General 's hair and clothing . the General pay no attention to the flag . Oliver , half run , come out of the tunnel . oliver ( excitedly ) General ! the wind --- look the wind have change to the South . the General glance up at the flag indifferently and then turn again to watch the mainland . oliver it 's the sirocco -- we will be able to get away from here -- you can take command of you army the General shake he head . general I have have command for the last time —- oliver come —- you will feel yourself again as soon as we get off this dismal island . general ( start to rise ) I shall not leave the island —— as he get to he foot , he stagger . Oliver catch he and look at he in horrify alarm . slowly the General nod , answer the unspoken question . he have the plague . Oliver take he arm , pass it over he own shoulder and begin to help he toward the tunnel . tnt . crypt - day the coffin be still seal . but from within come a muffle cry , the sound of fist beat on the board , the slithering scrape of nail . int . coffin - day close shot - miss wollsten 's face and shoulder . she have manage to free she arm from the heavy blanket . with she arm lift above she head she be frantically push against the coffin lid . as she struggle she scream and she scream echo and reverberate in the narrow confines of the coffin . exhausted by she futile effort , miss wollsten stop struggle , lie still , breathe deeply , she heavy breathe echoing . then she try to turn in the coffin . it be too narrow . again she beat on the lid . then she try to dig she way out with she nail . the scrape of she nail on the dull and echoing wood be the only sound . finally , even this be too much for she fade strength . she lie quiet , softly moan . int . corridor - day Oliver and the General come up the stair . with Oliver support the sick man , they start down the corridor just as Cathy come out from she room . she watch the two man go down the corridor . she follow they . when they turn into the General 's room , she stand wait in the corridor . a moment later , Oliver come out . oliver ( as he pass Cathy ) I be go to get albrecht . watch the General for I . Cathy nod and go on into the General 's room . int . the general be room - day fully clothed , the General lie on he bed . Cathy come in and stand beside he . the General look up at she . general the wind have change . there 's no more danger for the army . you can go . Cathy look toward the window . cathy ( look toward the window ) it 's get dark . I can not leave now . general ( weakly ) in the morning -- go . I will not die until then —- I will not die —— I will watch -' they shall not hurt you . cathy ( comfortingly ) shh——— it 's all right -' I will be all right . general they shall not hurt you dissolve the ledge outside the crypt - night mo . long shot ~— the mouth of the crypt be solid black in the night . from it come a low mutter of sound . int . the crypt - night the coffin be silhouett against the lighter darkness of the night outside the crypt . here the mutter , moan and whining of the entombed woman sound louder . int . the coffin miss wollsten be almost exhaust by she struggle . her single garment be tear from she exertion ; she face be scratch and bleed . she lift she hand again to tear at the wooden ceiling of she prison . insert miss wollsten's hand . the nail be rag and break ; blood stream from under they . close shot '' miss wollsten . she cease to struggle ; lie quietly , she eye open . there be a expression of awareness in she face , almost as if she be listen to something . very faintly , but grow in volume , reverberate by the narrow confines can be hear a rhythmic tapping . the sound get louder and louder . close shot of the crypt wall . Water be drip down onto the coffin . it drop with a certain , finite measure like the word " vrykolaka " , quickly and rhythmically . several time miss wollsten 's lip move as if repeat the word . then another word begin to come in from underneath the phrase of the General . at first it be so low in volume then it be barely perceptible , then it grow in volume . general' voice vrykolaka -- vrykolaka -- shot of the crypt wall . the water continue to drip onto the coffin in the same rhythm as the word ~ int . the coffin '' EIGHT close shot '' miss wollsten 's face . she be listen to the drum of the water on the coffin . the word " vrykolaka " repeat over and over again to the same rhythm grow louder and more insistent . she breathes rapidly . she turn she head from side to side , then finally she whole body tense , she mouth open and she scream . miss wollsten ( scream ) vrykolaka ! with the word a convulsive movement , a frenzy of strength take possession of she . she arch she back - and force she whole body against the lid of the coffin . it begin to splinter . int . the MAIN room - night albrecht be seat at he work bench . he have a small square of emery paper in he hand and be meticulously attempt to remove the dirt and corrosion of the age from Poseidon 's bronze trident . Oliver be watch he . oliver it do not look much like the fish spear I know back in marblehead .. albrecht ( hold it up between he and the light ) we friend , Poseidon , do not use it for fishing . he rake the sea with it and stir up the big wave . oliver ( get up ) I will go up and take a look at the General —- perhaps sit with he . albrecht he will not even know you be there . he be delirious . oliver all the more reason to watch he . he 's have some wild notion lately . albrecht do not bother . go to bed and get some sleep . I will be work late . ( point upstairs ) I can hear any movement down here . oliver ( hesitate ) well —— albrecht go ahead . I will wake you up when I go to bed . then you can watch he . oliver thank you , I will do that . good night . Oliver walk to the stair . int . the crypt - night miss wollsten be emerge from the shattered coffin . there be a wild and maniacal gleam in she eye . the remnant of the white blanket still cling about she shoulder . her white nightgown be in voluminous tatter about she bony body . she start out from the crypt . int . the girl ' room - night a oil lamp be burn on the dresser and a light lychnos stand on a little table beside Cathy 's bed . Cathy be in bed , propped up against the pillow . her face be draw , she eye unhappy and almost haunt . thea sit on the foot of Cathy 's bed , watch she anxiously . thea you should sleep , Cathy . lie down and close you eye . try to forget everything . cathy ( shaking she head ) when I close my eye , I see miss wollsten . I can not think of anything else . thea ( gently ) she be dead '' at peace . with a movement so sudden that it startles thea , Cathy sit upright . cathy ( feverishly ) suppose , she be not dead . suppose it be a cataleptic attack ? thea it be , the plague cathy ( interrupt ) we quarrele . she never dare get angry or frighten -- but I say thing to she -- it be a attack , I know it be . half convinced by Cathy 's certainty , thea get up from the bed . thea then let we go to she , Cathy . we will make sure '' and you mind will be at rest . Cathy shrink back against the pillow , she eye widen in terror . cathy ( whisper ) oh , no —- I could not thea . I could not go into the crypt . I be afraid , you know I be afraid . for a moment , thea stand look at Cathy in silence . then , with a air of decision she cross to the dresser . she pick up a shawl , then put out the oil lamp . the room fill with shadow and only the dim glow of the lychnos illuminate the scene . cathy ( half fearfully half hopefully ) what be you go to do ? thea go to the door and there turn back to face Cathy . thea I will be back soon . do not worry anymore , Cathy . thea go out , quietly close the door behind she . Cathy stare after she . int . the general' bedroom - night a candle burn beside the bed . in the bed the genera ~ lie restlessly toss , mutter in delirium . int . the girl ' room night the lychnos be burn dimly on a little table beside Cathy 's bed . she lie awake , she eye wide open , watch the shadow across the ceiling . she hear Oliver 's footstep , listen , identify they , then resume look at the shadow . ext . the convergence of the path leading to the grove and the crypt - night thea descend the step to the two path and start to take the right -hand turn . she stop as she see something ahead of she and peer out into the darkness . there be a low moan sound . it stop . she take two step forward . the moan sound again . thea be frighten . she stop a moment and then decide to take the left-hand path to the cypress grove and the beach . she have hardly disappear from view into the darkness of the left-hand path , when miss wollsten come along the path from the crypt . she wander in a daze condition and there be madness in she eye . she seem puzzle as to which way she should go . ext . the cypress grove - night thea walk through the cypress grove under the dark tree . she be nervous and stop several time . even the sudden trill of a nightingale cause she to catch she breath in surprise and stand stock still until she have identify the sound , smile at she own nervousness and pass on . all the little night sound of the wood be exaggerated and nerve shatter to she oversensitive ear . finally , she reach the little beach at the end of the cliff and stand here safe ; the space around she a guarantee against surprise . int . the MAIN room - night albrecht be nodd over he work bench . he almost fall asleep , but catch himself and take a draught of beer from the glass beside he . he then go on polish the trident . ext . the step leading to the landing - night thea , listen and alert , start to climb the step . a sudden break of surf on the shingle of the beach make she tense . she go on up the step to the landing . ext .. the landing - night thea come up . the dark tunnel face she . in the center through the break roofing a shaft of moonlight cut in . she stand hesitantly before the open , then almost as if take she courage into she hand , she begin to walk slowly , shuffle one foot after the other . int . the tunnel - night thea come through the darkness . mo . full shot - the patch of moonlight in the tunnel . thea come into the patch of moonlight and breathes a little more easily . she start to take a firmer step . ahead of she in the darkness be a tiny unidentified noise . she freeze . close shot - thea . she listen . again there be the tiny unidentifiable noise ; someone move . thea ( softly ) who be there ? she wait for a answer . the echo of she voice be flung back at she , " who be there —— who be there " and die away on the word ' who —— who . " mo . full shot - thea in the tunnel . ahead of she in the darkness be the movement of something white . thea be that you , Oliver ? the echoe ring around she with she own word . they die away . close shot '' thea . she peer into the darkness . int the tunnel ahead of thea - night a dimly see figure have advanced a few step . thea can see it be a woman . mo . close shot - thea . thea Cathy ? full shot - thea and the dim figure ahead of she . from the darkness come a , ringing peal of maniacal laughter and a shout name . miss wollsten Cathy ! thea turn and run back toward the landing . miss wollsten 's dimly see figure disappear in the other direction . the mouth of the tunnel - night miss wollsten come run madly out of the mouth of the tunnel . she stop , peer around suspiciously , then go to the door of the house and open it softly . int . the MAIN room - night the fire be low in the brazier . at he work bench albrecht have tip he chair back against the wall and be sleep . before he on the bench lie the bronze trident , its sharp burnish point catch the fire light . miss wollsten creep in , close the door softly behind she and on tiptoe , with the cun of madness , cross the room to albrecht . she look at he . he continue to sleep . stealthily she reach between he limp hand and take up the trident . with the trident in she hand she begin to cross the main room toward the stair . int . the general' bedroom - night he be fitfully toss . ext . the beach - night thea still very frighten , crouch against the stone which support cerberus . she listen and there be no sound and finally take courage , she begin to walk through the grove of cypress tree to the house . int . the girl be room - night Cathy lie still , wide awake , she eye on the shadow on the ceiling . suddenly the door open -- quietly and close again . Cathy half turn she head . cathy thea ? there be a rush in the darkness a stifle exclamation of fear , a quick blow with the trident and Cathy fall back on she pillow dead , blood stream from two puncture mark on she throat . miss wollsten straighten , gaze about she for a moment , then disappear into the shadow of the room . int . the MAIN room - night thea come in , close the door softly behind she , smile as she see albrecht asleep , cross to he and shake he awake . albrecht oh -' sleep -- Oliver would not like that . ( he listen ) well , everything seem to be all right . thea goodnight . she start across the room and up the stair . albrecht , realize he hand be empty , begin look for the trident . int . the girl be room - night it be so still that miss wollsten 's movement around the wall in the darkness can be hear . thea open the door and come in . she look over at Cathy 's bed . Cathy seem to be asleep . without bother to turn up the oil light , thea turn back the cover of she bed and begin to undress . several time she pause to listen as if she have hoard a slight sound , then continue to take off another piece of clothing until she be down to she shift . as she begin to pull down the shoulder strap of she shift a little louder noise in the darkness cause she to stop . there be no repetition of the sound . again she start to slip down she shoulder strap . int . MAIN room - night albrecht be still look for he trident . he finally give up and take a drink of beer . int . the general be room - night the General be toss wildly . he be awake and he eye be glaze with fever . he get up . he be dress in he uniform trousers and a shirt . he wear neither boot nor tunic . he begin to stagger toward the door . int . MAIN room - night the General come out of he room , support himself with one hand against the wall . he move blindly into the corridor . several time he pass he hand before he eye as if try to clear he vision , but the blindness of the plague be upon he . int . corridor - night closer shot - he come up the stair . he find the door to the girl ' room by touch and open it . he have to support himself on the door jamb to prevent collapse . he shuffles in . int . the girl ' room - night the General blindly grope he way in . close shot '' thea . she look over in horror from the bed where she be now lie . mo . full shot - the General as he grope he way across to Cathy 's bed . he kneel down beside it . close shot '' the General and Cathy . he grope over she face with he hand . one hand touch the wound at she throat . he touch the blood stain hand against the finger of the other hand to test the wetness , then grope again for the wound . close shot '' the General and Cathy . he touch the two puncture mark . general ( mutter ) vrykolaka . his hand go down to feel Cathy 's heart beat . there be none . the General straighten up and from he belt take the small , sharp stick of hazel - wood . he turn and begin blindly staggering toward the other bed with outstretch hand . his unsee footstep take he out of the periphery of the light into the darkness . close shot - thea . she lie still , hold she breath , try desperately not to move , not to make a sound , not to attract the General 's attention and , give direction to he murderous footstep . she look up at the shadow on the ceiling . the lychnos cast weird move shadow . close shot -- the General , as he grope he way . close shot - thea , strain to see into the shadow beyond she bed . suddenly , she face become completely terrorize . out of the darkness beyond the bed materialise the general 's hand hold the hazel - wood stick , as it come into the periphery of the light from to lychnos . closeup - thea 's face . she can no longer control herself . she scream . mo . full shot - the General come out of the darkness , throw himself blindly , toward thea . another angle - silently , swiftly , miss wollsten come out of the darkness , the trident gleam in she hand . she strike down . the General 's hand fall limp and harmless . the hazel stick fall to the floor as the General collapse over the bed . int . the corridor - night Oliver , rub the sleep from he eye , startle by thea 's scream , come out into the corridor . suddenly he become completely alert as from the girl ' room , miss wollsten emerge . Oliver look at she with shocked horror and then rush towards the girl ' room . int . the MAIN room - night miss wollsten come rush down the stair . albrecht look at she in amazement . his glass of beer fall to the floor . she dash through the door into the darkness . ext . the house - night albrecht come out and peer off into the moonlight . evidently he see the direction of miss wollsten 's flight . pick up a lantern , he run after she . int . the girl be room - night mo . close shot - the General lie on thea 's bed . thea , now in she robe , and Oliver bent over he . the General open he eye . he seem darn , but he lace be calm in contrast to he former appearance he turn he head slightly in thea 's direction . general ( in a whisper ) theodosia -- oliver ( with great sympathy ) not theodosia . theodosia 's daughter -- you daughter . the General look from one to the other uncomprehendingly . general daughter -- my daughter -- oliver she be bear before you wife return here to die . you never know . a expression of full realization come into the General 's face . he attempt to smile at thea and make a effort to move he hand toward she . thea understand the gesture and put she hand over he warmly . ' the touch of she hand induce a state of euphoria in the General . he look at thea gratefully , peacefully . ext . the temple of hade - night fog be rise from the sea so that although the temple be still clear , the cliff end abruptly in a curtain of grey and watery vapor . miss wollsten , the trident hold before she , come run into the temple . she pause , look forward into the grey wall before she . behind she she can hear albrecht 's footstep . she throw down the trident , it ring on the marble pavement of the temple . then , almost with composure , she walk slowly forward and suddenly disappear into the grey fog . from the fog come a long , descend scream . a moment later , albrecht appear with the lantern and stand look off . glancing down , albrecht see the trident gleam in the light . he pick it up , examine it -- albrecht ( softly to himself ) with Poseidon 's trident she pay she way to hade . he let she pass through the portal into he dark realm . dissolve ext . the flag at the landing - day the wind blow free from the South . ext . the beach - day it be early morning and the cliff cast long shadow over the rippling catspaw on the water . a small boat be draw up on the beach . albrecht 's man servant stand in the stern , lean on a sculling oar that he press against the bottom to hold the boat steady . thea , with she bundle of possession beside she , sit on the thwart . Oliver stand on the beach , hold the bow , and talk to albrecht . oliver ( press albrecht 's hand ) Goodbye . albrecht May life be good to you both . as for the other —— they will be quiet here —— and I will be with they . albrecht smile at thea and Oliver . Oliver step into the bow .. the servant shove the boat off from the beach . fade out the end < !-- / / file archive on 20011207215705 and retrieved from the // internet archive on 20031001101527 . // javascript appended by wayback machine , copyright internet archive . // all other content may also be protected by copyright ( 17 u.s.c. // section 108 ( a ) ( 3 ) ) . var swaybackcgi = " http://web.archive.org/web/20011207215705/ " ; function x lateurl ( acollection , sprop ) { var i = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < acollection.length ; i+ + ) if ( acollection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " mailto : " ) == - 1 && a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " javascript : " ) == - 1 ) a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] = swaybackcgi + a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] ; } if ( document.link ) xlateurl ( document.link , " href " ) ; if ( document.image ) xlateurl ( document.image , " src " ) ; if ( document.embeds ) xlateurl ( document.embeds , " src " ) ; if ( document.body && document.body.background ) document.body.background = swaybackcgi + document.body.background ; //-->