it follow by David Robert Mitchell version 15 9.29.13 registration # 1497688 ext . suburban STREET - night 1 annie ( 20 ) stumble out the front door of she parent 's lakeside home . she 's in she pajamas , - wear red pump . she move with urgency and a primal fear . she look back as she run , turn onto the street . we hear the screen door open and close again . Annie slow down , a few house down . she stop and turn towards she home , stand in the center of the street . Street lamp and oak tree line the block . it 's quiet . Annie stare ahead - see something - she start to back up . one step . then another . click of heel on concrete . slowly , tracking backwards , Annie remain focus on something - fearful . we see nothing . nearby , a young couple , pull grocery from they car notice Annie walk in the street . the woman step towards the sidewalk - concerned . woman hey , be you ok ? Annie nod to the woman , but remain focus on something else . woman you need some help ? annie no . the woman shrug to she husband and turn away . Annie turn - aware of something close in . she continue step backwards . a door open . anniee father step onto he front porch , frazzle . he look around and see Annie in the street . anniee father Annie ! what be you do ? Annie look to she dad , then back to the street - continue to move away . annie I be fine , dad . ( continued ) continued : 1 anniee father where be you go ? annie nowhere . Annie look back to she dad and the open door . she sprint forward , round she imagine chaser . Annie race across the lawn towards she father . anniee father what the hell , Annie ? she hop onto the porch , flash a smile to she dad and run into the house . confused , she father follow she . it 's quiet again outside . the couple carry they grocery inside . moment later , Annie run out the front door , key in hand - a purse over she shoulder . she sidestep across the porch and climb into she car . start the engine , Annie speed away as she father run outside once more . int . annie be car - night 2 Annie drive down a dark street - with wild abandon . the radio be on . her cell phone ring from inside she purse on the passenger seat . ext . lake ST . claire - night 3 Annie 's car be park at the edge of a beach . the driver 's side door be open . the headlight be on . near the water , Annie sit alone in the wet sand , face the car . a ring tone chime - muffle through the cloth of she purse . she stare . focus . terrify . Annie look ahead at the shadow - fill horizon of sand . late night mist flow across the beam of she car headlight . reaching into she bag , Annie grab she cell phone and press a button . she 's nearly cry as she hold the phone to she ear . ( continued ) 3a continued : 3 annie dad ? hi. I love you ... she listen - watch she surroundings . the water continue to splash lightly behind she . annie I know . I know . I just want you and mom to know how much I love you . Annie stare ahead . we see she point-of-view - headlight beam down across the sand , illuminate she footprint . the dark tree shift and sway . we hold on this frame , even as Annie continue to speak ... annie I be sorry I can be such a shit to you sometimes . I do not know why I do that . just know that I love you , ok ? I just really ... love you both ... ext . lake ST claire - morning 3a a hard - cut reveal ... harsh morning sunlight on the sand and lake . peaceful sound . Annie be lay along the shore . her body be pale and still . she 's dead . her jaw hang open - head slump to the side . Blue lip and face - cover with bug bite . her leg be twisted back - violently rotate in its socket - a piece of bone visible near the knee 's twisted skin . her red pump dangle from she foot , over she chest . leg open . something awful and provocative . Water or something viscous have soak she pajama bottom , create a small wet circle in the sand near she waist . a seagull pull at a piece of skin near she toe . cut back to the now familiar Pov shot face the car and the tree , we see two young kid look at the body . a sister and she young brother . they stand , look down - almost freeze by the sight . the little boy hold a kite in he hand . in the sunlight , it might be possible to distinguish Annie 's footstep lead down from she open car door , the child 's footstep lead up to they current position , and a third set of footprint at the far leave of frame . this third set lead up to Annie and then recede back into the treeline . the wave continue to roll . ext . jay' backyard - day 4 jaime " jay " height , a pretty 19 year old girl , relax in she hot tub - sip a cola . droplet of sweat dot she cheek and forehead . a breeze push a swarm of white dandelion seed through the air , swirl past the young woman 's face . jay stare up at a couple of bird hopping along the telephone wire overhead . she smile as they hop and peck - share some food . a squirrel race along the wire cause the bird to fly away . jay look down - stretch she arm out in the hot water . she look at she hand and leg immerse in bubbles . the bright sun reflect against the surface . something irritate she shoulder . jay turn she head and look at she upper arm just above the water . she see a tiny red ant move toward she elbow . she watch it closely for a moment , then lower she arm into the water , dispell the tiny insect in a swirl . the glass door slide open - kelly , jay 's 17 - year - old sister , lean out from the doorway in she summer clothes - it 's a indian summer . kelly hey jay . jay what 's up ? kelly nothing . Paul and yara be here . we be gonna watch a movie if you feel like it ? jay thanks , I be go out actually . kelly that guy ? jay yeah . Kelly swing a bit - hang onto the door handle . she flip she hair up with a goofy smile and look to she sister . kelly I like he . ( continued ) continued : 4 jay yeah I too . Kelly step inside and slide the door half - shut . across the backyard fence , jay notice movement in the neighbor yard . look closely , she see two pair of eye peek out froma pile of lumber . the neighbor boy spy on she through the chain - link fence . a couple dumb little kid - age 8 and 11 . jay give they a dirty look and point . jay I see you . the boy duck down out of view . jay do not you have a video game to play or a animal to torture ? jay slide deeper into the tub . she hold she mouth just above the surface of the water . int . jay' house - day 5 jay walk inside , wrap in a towel , she hair wet . in the adjoin live room , Kelly sit with she friend watch a bad comedy . they be sprawle across the furniture . on tv : a man talk with he English -speak dog about the woman he love . the dog offer bad romantic advice . paul , 17 , eat cheese curl on the lounge chair . yara , 17 , be slump into the couch cushion with she leg across the coffee table ; a pair or glass on she nose . she read a ebook on she pink - shell - compact smartphone , still manage to laugh at the television . jay stop alongside Kelly and watch a moment of the movie . jay smile and wave to yara , who glance up just long enough to see who 's around . jay what be you read ? yara the idiot . ( continued ) continued : 5 jay be it good ? yara I do not know yet . it 's about Paul . Paul make a face toward yara - irritate . jay lean over the couch , let water drip onto she sister 's face . Kelly swat she away . paul hey jay . jay ( smile at the bunch ) hey Paul . mrs . height , jay 's mom , drink wine and smoke in the dining room - chat on the telephone . laugh . mrs height ( into phone ) oh no I would love to . that sound fun . I could come over and cook for you if you would like . I make a really delicious quiche . do you like quiche ? the woman continue to flirt and smile through the telephone receiver . for a mother , she be awkward and shy . without look up , yara mumble a statement over the hokey music of the movie . yara hey , I have a idea ... paul what ? yara casually fart , stare down at she telephone screen . yara oh ... it get away . Kelly and Paul laugh and grimace as yara grin like a child . she scroll and swipe , read the novel on she phone . jay raise she brow and head for the hallway . Paul turn and glance at jay as she walk away - eyeing the older girl . yara and Kelly notice he stare at jay . they smile to each other - aware that he 's love-struck and hopeless . int . jay' bedroom - day 6 jay adjust she blouse in the mirror . she look at herself - admire and critique . lean close to she reflection , she put on she make -up . a polaroid on the mirror show she drink a beer with Paul at a dark indoor swim pool - much young . dirty clothes hang from chair or sit in pile along the floor . Old doll box in a corner . a scuff and dirty yearbook . thing cover in dust - all bath in the green & orange haze of summer light through curtain and a nearly imperceptible post- adolescent mist . jay move a lock of hair across she forehead - finess its placement - be picky . she laugh at herself and blow a gust of air up - cause she bang to flip . from across the room we watch the rest of the scene : jay walk to she dresser and grab a pill bottle from atop it . she open the plastic container , pop out a pill and swallow it . no water necessary . jay set the bottle down and re-examine she outfit and shoe in the mirror . a pose - how do my ass look ? ok . a coy glance at herself . a funny bug -ey face . a raspberry from buzze lip and exhale air . we hear a deep rumbling as the camera push in towards the mirror , move tightly on jay 's lip as she cover they in dark pink lipstick . ext . movie theater - day 7 jay stand alongside she date , hugh ( 21 ) , wait in a long line to buy ticket . they stand under the marquee , look out at the street and the pass crowd . Hugh have a look of contentment on he face . the couple kiss . a woman behind they glare and make a face - jealous and irritate by they public affection . they do not notice - only we . jay you ever play the " trade game " ? ( continued ) continued : 7 hugh no . what be it ? jay it 's a people watch game . my sister and I use to play it when we be bored . hugh ( teasing ) you be bored right now ? jay smile and shake she head in playful frustration . jay ( stern but loving ) no . shut up . let I finish . hugh alright , how do we play ? jay ok . you start by watch the crowd - casually scope out the people around we . Hugh turn and look at the people at the rear of the line - then toward a group near the lobby . hugh ok . jay now without tell I , pick one person that you would like to trade place with . it could be anybody . for whatever reason . Hugh nod and scan the crowd . jay do the same . hugh ok . I get one . jay so now I get 2 guess to figure out who you pick and why you want to trade place with ‘em . hugh alright . good luck . jay look around the crowd of people on the street . she zeroe in on a very large man with a long beard . ( continued ) 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 jay him . jay giggle and point casually at the big man . Hugh look and laugh , shaking he head . hugh no . jay you could pick up car and throw they if you be that guy . hugh yeah , but he 's not my pick . of int . movie theater lobby - day 7a wait in line for popcorn with Hugh , jay look around the elegant lobby . she notice a well dress , good look guy talk to a hot blonde in a short dress . jay that guy . Hugh shake he head - no . jay I figure you would wanna sleep with the hot blonde . hugh nope . she 's not even cute . jay roll she eye . Hugh be clearly lie about the woman 's attractiveness . jay ok . who be you trade ? Hugh look over at a couple stand by the stair with they little boy - feed he movie theater junk food . hugh him . jay the dad ? hugh no . the son . how cool would it be to have you whole life ahead of you ? jay shrug - think about it . ( continued ) 7a 7b 10 . continued : of jay come on . it 's not like you be a old man . you be 21 . hugh I know . but look how happy that kid be . plus , at that age you can go to the bathroom anytime you want . total freedom . jay yes , he 's probably take a shit right now . hugh exactly . I could never get away with that . jay shake she head and smile . int . movie theater - day 7b with popcorn and drink in hand , jay and Hugh take they seat . jay start to scope out the theater and nearby patron . the organist play a overture . jay ok . my turn . jay look around , turn back to see the rear of the theater . jay I get mine . Hugh smile as he eye the surround crowd - enjoy the game . jay watch with anticipation . hugh how about the girl in the yellow dress ? jay where ? hugh there . jay uh ... I do not see she . hugh right there . ( continued ) 7b 11 . continued : 7b jay stare - confuse - she see no one - same as the audience . Hugh point at a empty space near the curtain entrance . there be no girl in a yellow dress - anywhere . jay be you teasing I ? Hugh look at he date and begin to realize she 's not kid . his face change . he stare back at the walkway - focus on something or someone unseen by we . jay Hugh , I be sorry I just do not know who you be talk about , but that 's not who I pick ... jay 's smile start to fade . hugh I be sorry . jay no . what 's wrong ? Hugh glance back quickly , start to stand up . hugh I do not think I feel like watch a movie . jay why ? what 's go on ? Hugh set he drink down . jay stare at he , look for a explanation . hugh I do not feel good all of a sudden . Hugh be fidget - sweaty . jay oh. well we do not have to watch the movie . you need to go home ? Hugh turn he head and look to the back of the theater . he stare . jay notice but do not say anything . hugh um , let 's just go to the car . jay ok . ( continued ) 7b 10 12 . continued : ( 2 ) 7b Hugh take jay 's hand and lead she to the side exit , shuffle past movie- goer as they step into the sunlight . ext . CITY STREET - dusk 8 jay walk with Hugh towards the parking lot . she notice he glance back - look for something . his demeanor have change . something be wrong . jay do you see somebody that make you wanna leave ? Hugh shake he head . jay like a ex-girlfriend or something ? you say there be a girl in a yellow dress . be it someone you know ? hugh no . I just feel sick . I feel better be outside . int . ' 67 ford galaxy - dusk 9 jay sit next to Hugh . he drive the car down the highway - silent . jay turn from Hugh and stare ahead . she buckle she seat belt and watch the road - unsettle . int . restaurant - evening 10 jay sit across from Hugh in a cozy booth , look out at the street through a large window . they're eat italian food . jay smile and lean forward , cat-like , steal a sip from Hugh 's wide glass of beer . Hugh glance outside . jay touch he hand . a moment of flirt . through a slow zoom , we move past the couple , focus on the distant intersection of pedestrian outside the window . tiny , but visible , a poor work class family walk together along the sidewalk . the kid have ice cream . the parent smoke heavily . a tall and very thin man cross the road , move toward the restaurant - he cough and hack into he forearm . 11 12 13 13 . int . ' 67 ford galaxy - night 11 Hugh 's car be park on the street near jay 's house . the pair be make out passionately . mid-kiss , Hugh peek out the window , look into the dark night . jay pull away from the kiss and reach for Hugh 's pants zipper . he gently guide she away . hugh I want to , but ... jay look at Hugh - worried that she do something wrong . hugh my stomach ... still ... jay get it . she smile and nod . jay ok . hugh I will see you soon ? jay yeah . hugh bye . jay bye . jay climb out and jog up to she front porch , pull out she key . Hugh drive off with a wave . int . jay' car - morning 12 jay drive she car along the crowded I - 75 expressway - into the city . Detroit be grey and flat . a radio dj comment on the indian summer . ext . wayne state university campus - morning 13 with backpack over shoulder , jay walk along the half empty path . campus building loom . Old architecture rest on break sidewalk . 14 15 14 . int . student CENTER - day 14 jay eat fast food alone at a table . she watch other student pass through the large modern corridor . jay chew and look down at she drink . a paper cup . a plastic lid . a straw . the chatter mix together into a blur of voice . ext . neighborhood STREET - day 15 a little girl on a distant porch cover she eye and count to 10 . her friend run and scatter behind bush and garbage can . little girl 7...8...9... 10 ... here I come ! a bunch of little kide be play freeze tag on a distant front lawn . they scream and laugh as they run from each other . once tag , they stand freeze , until someone else crawl under they leg and frees they . jay walk with Kelly down the sidewalk , drink slurpee - they pass by the child 's game in progress . Kelly pull out a pack of cigarettes and light one . she take a drag . kelly thanks for walk with I . the two girl step leisurely down the block . jay Mom know you smoke . kelly yeah , but she will cry if she actually see it happen . jay or she will steal you cigarettes . Kelly shake she head . jay take a sip from she drink . she look out at the green lawn and clean suburban stretch ahead of she . kelly how 's it go with Hugh ? ( continued ) 15 continued : 15 . 15 jay good. mostly . he be act kind of weird last night . kelly why ? jay I do not know . he say he be not feel good , but it seem like something be on he mind . Kelly exhales - step down the street . jay look at Kelly start a old woman animal as it kelly have you ... um ...? she sister . jay no . I know he want to ... but last night ... he seem different . to laugh at she sister . kelly ( teasing dryly ) maybe he 's a virgin ? jay he 's not . I mean , I do not know for a fact , but ... no . kelly so what 's the problem ? jay I do not know . approach , walk she dog . the girl pet the pass . old woman ( look at she dog ) she love the attention . jay yeah . the woman walk on and the girl resume they journey home . jay you be still ... ? ( continued ) 15 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 kelly me? jay nod . jay you have not ... ? Kelly look at jay - then finally understand what she 's get at . kelly I have not sleep with anybody . not for any real big reason or anything . I will ... eventually . maybe soon . any minute now . jay whenever . kelly yeah . jay what about Paul ? kelly ehhh . we kiss once and it do not feel right . he 's more like a brother ... although he 's kind of in love with you . so I do not know what that mean . jay smile and think about it for a moment . jay it would be like fuck my step -brother . Kelly start to laugh . kelly Gross . the two sister smile and share a laugh . they pass before a modest house with a pristine lawn . a fight couple - possibly a girl mid-tantrum - can be hear inside . we see jay 's Pov as she stare at the brick ranch home , pass it slowly . she shake it off and continue down the suburban block . the yell fade . Kelly take a final drag , then toss she cigarette into the street . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) 15 kelly do I smell bad ? jay lean over and smell she young sister . jay you smell like cherry coke , banana nicotine . kelly that 's my favorite flavor . jay Mom 's gonna love it . Kelly slurp she drink - make a funny sound through the straw . jay smile - walk through she sunny neighborhood - look around at the street she grow up on . jay it 's weird still be here . it 's like ... everybody else go away to school , but I . kelly dad say he would pay for you to go away . jay I be not sure I even want to . it 's all kind of useless be not it ? I mean , degree do not get people job . at least not good one . look at mom . kelly then why be you even take class , dumb -ass ? near they own house , jay notice a very handsome young man wash he car in a driveway across the street . greg hannigan , 21 , see they . he wave casually - without a smile . jay she will not let I stay here if I do not . Kelly wave back . jay simply nod to he - walk along - avoid too much eye contact . kelly when I graduate , I be get the hell outta here . I wanna go to college somewhere that do not have shitty weather . jay ok . I will visit . ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 . continued : ( 4 ) 15 greg resume he car wash , watch jay as she near she front porch . he seem very focus on the young woman . ext . wood - night 16 Hugh hold jay 's hand , lead she down a dark path into the wood . a six pack dangle from he thumb . still visible , the car headlight shine through the tree . moonlight cast a soft glow over the area . Hugh carry a small bag over he shoulder . jay where be you lead I ? Hugh turn and shush she nicely - a finger to he lip . jay smile and keep walk , stick close to she date . they move deeper and deeper into the dark and forebode forest . a bird call from a craggy and deaden tree . jay peer into the dark as something scamper by . Hugh look around as he walk - always turn and watch . ext . wood and lake - night 17 towel hang from a old log near a small lake - black and calm in the night - surround by tree . Hugh kick off he boxer and wade into the water , gulp he beer . he smile look back at jay . she step to the edge of the lake , happy and excited , though shyly cover she chest as she take off she clothes . jay grab she beer from the mud and walk into the water , join Hugh . she laugh as she step deeper . jay the bottom feel gross . hugh it 's better over here . jay reach Hugh and he pull she closer , kissing she . Hugh watch the wood , while make out with the girl . his eye be focus . hugh maybe we should not . ( continued ) 17 18 19 . continued : 17 jay I want to . hugh I too , I just ... jay you like I ? hugh I do . jay kiss he harder , press closer - it 's get heavy . Hugh pull back and look around , watch the tree and the clear . jay what ? nobody 's here . Hugh nod . she 's right , but he keep scan the wood . peek around . jay watch he - puzzle and ready - she raise she brow . jay let 's go to the car . more kissing . hugh yeah ? jay yeah . Hugh nod as he rub he hand over jay 's back . she move with he - they energy and tension increase . int . ' 67 ford galaxy - night 18 jay have a bead of sweat along she forehead . she hold she arm tightly around Hugh in the back seat of the car . jay breathes heavily , she body pulsing from very recent semi - aerobic activity . they clothes sit in a pile along the floor of the car . a tiny smile cross she face as she sit rest on Hugh 's lap . they breath in unison . rising and fall together . jay grin as she kiss Hugh 's ear . Hugh look ahead with cold and frighten eye . something be on he mind . something be not right . he hide he face amongst jay 's post-coital affection . 19 20 20 . ext . dark lot - night 19 the old Ford sit at the back of a dark , dirt lot . Woods and a old factory surround the car . we watch from a distance as faint silhouettes move within the vehicle . one of the back door open and Hugh climb out , pull up he boxer . he walk around the car and open the trunk . partially obscure , we wait as he attend to something at the back of the car . the clinking of bottle and junk . the sound of a beer can open . jay it 's funny , I use to daydream about be old enough to go on date and drive around with friend in they car . some viewer might notice the absence of a license plate . int . ' 67 ford galaxy - night 20 jay lay across the length of the back seat , rest on she stomach . she kick she heel up playfully as she poke she head out the open door . we hear the trunk close . the sound of footstep . jay I have this image of myself hold hand with a really cute guy , listen to music on the radio and drive along a pretty road ... maybe somewhere up north ... after the tree start to change color . open the opposite rear door , Hugh crawl inside the car , lay across jay . he kiss the back of she neck . caress the side of she bare waist . jay grin as Hugh kiss she . she rest she cheek on the leather seat . deep and slow breath . jay it be never about go anywhere ... just have some kind of freedom I guess . now we be old enough , but where the hell do we go right ? then with force and quickness - ( continued ) 20 21 21 . continued : 20 Hugh push a small cloth over jay 's mouth . she try to move away , but he hold she head down until she eye close . she stop struggle . jay rest quietly again - a cheek on the leather seat . a half open mouth . a drop of drool . a long and deep breath . darkness . the sound of wood be drag across a concrete floor . a metal door close . footstep . breathe . jay slowly open she eye . int . abandoned factory - night 21 jay look around the old factory floor . a giant open space light dimly by moonlight and distant street - lamp . several storey up , treetop line the window . Hugh walk along the far edge of the space , wave a flashlight out window and down long run hallway . jay half - focus she eye . she take a few deep breath . the girl be drowsy - still under the chemical spell of a inhale narcotic . look down , jay see she arm and leg tie tightly to a wheelchair . she squirm and pull but she can not move . her body be not fully responsive . Hugh look back from across the warehouse floor . hugh jay ? be you awake ? jay stare across the darkness at Hugh as he slowly walk over . she tug lightly against the rope and cloth bond . her eye sag within they socket . Hugh stop in front of she . he lean down and look at she face . he look frighten . his eye be watery . his face be red - like he 's be cry . hugh I be sorry . jay try to talk . drool edge out the crease of she mouth . jay whuuuttt aarrhhh youuhhh doingggggg ? ( continued ) 21 22 . continued : 21 hugh I be not gonna hurt you . do not worry . jay stare at he with deep fear . Hugh turn and shine he flashlight into the darkness . he scan the room . jay watch . she open she mouth as if to yell , but it 's nothing but a hollow gasp - a mimic of a dry heave . Hugh shush she with a gesture and continue wave the beam of light around the warehouse . hugh you will not believe I , but I need you to remember what I be say . jay stare in fright . hugh ok ? jay nod she head - ok . hugh this thing ... Hugh look around the room slowly . hugh ..- it 's gonna follow you . jay eye Hugh with grow concern . this be get worse . Hugh point he light towards a distant doorway . it 's empty . jay pull against she tie - try to get free . jay ( with a gasp ) hellllppppppp . Hugh turn and look at jay 's pretty face . hugh somebody give it to I . I pass it to you ... back in the car . jay 's eye widen - terrify . hugh it can look like people you know ... or it can be a stranger in a crowd ... whatever help it get close to you . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 hugh ( cont would ) sometimes I think it look like people you love just to hurt you ... scare you ... make fun of you . Hugh stand up and rush to a nearby window . he aim he light outside towards the ground . hugh I see it . jay crane she neck up try to look out the far-off window . she see nothing . Hugh run over and wheel jay 's chair towards the window . jay look out and down towards the adjacent field . it 's dark , but she catch a glimpse of a middle - age , naked woman slowly walk around the corner of the building . jay 's eye show fear and shock . jay whhhoooo iss ?? Hugh wheel jay back to the center of the room . hugh you can get rid of it . sleep with someone else as soon as you can . just pass it on . if it get you , it will come after I ... you understand ? jay no. jay start to cry . Hugh shush she . the room be quiet . Hugh look around - listen . they wait - longer still . we see jay 's eye in close - up as she watch . we see she point-of-view : empty hall and dark doorway . nothing still . then ... there 's a shuffle sound from a distant hallway . Hugh point he light into the darkness . ( continued ) 21 24 . continued : ( 3 ) 21 jay cry in silence , look towards the beam of light at the far end of the warehouse . finally ... a naked middle - age woman emerge from the very distant shadow - slowly walk . jay watch - puzzle and scared . jay whooo isszzz atttehh ? the naked woman , still far away , creep along stare at jay . jay whudddda fucckk d' youu wannnttt ??? the woman contort the muscle in she mouth - oddly - revealing tooth and tongue . she continue walk forward . jay cringe and look to Hugh . hugh jay , I be do this to help you ... so you know it 's real . Hugh point he flashlight at the woman as he circle closer to she . Hugh stand along the edge of the woman 's path , wave slightly in she direction . she do not look at he - only at jay . jay shake in she chair , pull at she restraint . she stare up at the naked woman - still over 50 foot away . jay ehhhhh . noooo ... the middle - age woman open she mouth again , strain the muscle in she throat . jay huuughhhhh ! another step closer . and another . Hugh run across the room and spin the wheelchair around . he push jay down the darken hall as the nude woman follow behind . jay stare ahead in shock - pass rotting wall and rusted industrial equipment . ( continued ) 21 22 23 25 . continued : ( 4 ) 21 hugh never go anywhere that do not have more than one way out . it 's very slow , but it 's not dumb . jay look down at she bare leg and the pass floor . her eye be heavy . ext . dark lot - night 22 tire kick up dirt . from a distance , we watch as the old Ford swerve around the corner and drive off down the road - racing away from the abandon building . ext . jay' house - night 23 Kelly sit on the stoop of she front porch with she neighborhood friend . they be play ' Old maid ' . Paul pour liquor from he flask into a Coke can . yara read from she pink - shell - compact cell phone while sorting she hand of card . kelly can I have some ? paul yeah . Paul hand Kelly the can of pop . she take a sip and cringe from the taste . Gross . Kelly shake off the sting of cheap booze and examine she card . she hold the old may card - unfortunately . she try to maintain she poker face while look back at Paul . yara ( vead from she cell phone ) listen to this ... '' I think that if one be face by inevitable destruction -- if a house be fall upon you , for instance -- one must feel a great long to sit down , close one 's eye and wait , come what may ... '' kelly that 's why we be drink on the porch . Paul grin and look over at Kelly . yara mutter a fake laugh . ( continued ) 23 26 . continued : 23 paul you mom asleep already ? kelly almost for sure . yeah . she wake up at 5:15 . I think that would kill I . we push in slowly towards Kelly 's hand of card - center on the Old maid - a ugly caricature of a spinster . paul yeah that 's rough . yara I never wanna have a job . yara 's eye dart excitedly over she cell phone screen . she smile and nod to herself - enjoy some undisclose prose . kelly I wish I do not . paul you love serve hot dog and ice cream to weird old people and cry child . kelly ok . that 's true . it bring I joy . yara roll she eye at Kelly 's goofiness . yara where 's jay at ? kelly oh . on a date this bit of information seem to sting Paul . he cover it as much as possible . Kelly look to he , hold up she hand of card . kelly you turn . yara who be he ? kelly somebody new . paul of course . ( continued ) 23 24 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 Kelly give Paul a dirty look as he grab a card - the old may remain in she hand . yara you sister be so pretty . it 's annoying . kelly it be annoying . paul at least she 's nice . yara give Paul a dirty look . he smirk back and she kick he in the leg . the old Ford galaxy race up the street and stop in front of the house . Kelly and she friend turn and watch as Hugh run out and open the back door on the far side of the car . the engine be still run . Kelly and she friend watch as Hugh pull something from the backseat . Kelly begin to stand . kelly be everything ok ?! Hugh close the rear door , step over something as he run back toward the driver 's seat . hugh ( point back at the ground ) do not let it touch you ! slam he door shut , Hugh drive off , revealing jay in the middle of the road . still tie and bound in she underwear , she crawl toward the curb - try to walk . kelly jay ! Kelly drop she card and jump from the porch - confuse . jay try to stand up and move closer to the outer sidewalk - she fail - fall in the grass . Kelly rush across the front lawn toward she sister . Paul and yara follow behind . int . hannigan' kitchen - night 24 greg , jay 's handsome neighbor , pull a beer from the fridge and round the hallway . ( continued ) 24 25 28 . continued : 24 wearing sweat pants and a rag t-shirt , he take a sip as he approach the front door . his hair be a mess - style by pillow . his mother , mrs . hannigan , peek through the screen door - flash police light shine through the front curtain of she home . greg join she , look out at the street scene : a series of police car , a ambulance and a assortment of people . jay sit on she porch , cover in a blanket , surround by emergency worker . her mother , in a robe , talk with a police officer near the garage . the other kid mill about the property as neighbor peek and pass by . there 's a mist in the night air , cover the suburban lawn . greg and he mother watch . the young man sip he beer . through the screen , greg see jay talk with the cop . greg what happen ? mrs . hannigan I do not know . greg watch the scene - the glare of ambulance light . his face show concern . mrs . hannigan that people be such a mess . greg stare ahead - ignore he mother . ext . jay' house - continuous 25 jay be mid-conversation with a police officer . she sit , cover in she blanket , look across at the man . police officer it be consentual ? jay nod she head . jay yeah . jay look back at the policeman - she eye be tired and sad . police officer and you would never see the woman before ? ( continued ) 25 26 27 29 . continued : 25 jay no. jay shake she head and touch she leg - focus on she finger stretch across she bare knee - lose herself in think . police officer ok . have you ever be to he home ? jay not inside , but I know where it be . I wait in the car for he once . he do not want I to come in . he say he be embarrassed about where he live . the cop nod as he write in he notebook . int . hospital - night 26 jay be in a emergency room partition . a doctor examine she - perform a test for std . jay lay there - sad and still . her breathe be loud and deep - each inhalation show in labor slow-motion . pronounce anxiety through jay 's eye . the camera begin to shake as it push towards the bed . a hollow rumble fill the soundscape ... int . jay' dine room - morning 27 Mrs. hannigan drink coffee at the table across from jay 's mom . Mrs. height take she time pour some sugar into she own coffee . she mix in some irish liquor and take a sip . there 's a long sigh after the drink . mrs . hannigan she do not catch anything do she ? mrs height they do not think so . mrs . hannigan poor Jaime . mrs . height apparently he use a fake name to rent a house in the city . the police searched the place , but they can not find he . mrs . hannigan my god . ( continued ) 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 30 . continued : 27 mrs height it break my heart . the thing he say to she . so weird and sick . Mrs. hannigan shake she head in sadness as she drink more coffee - look around the room at the wall of family photo : jay and Kelly smile brightly in front of wood backdrop in childhood portrait . in one fade picture , young jay smile awkwardly , lean on she grandfather 's shoulder - peak at camera . the old red - haire man grin alongside jay 's mother and father . ext . jay' house - morning 28 the storm door be open . the wind rustle the tree . ext . jay' suburban STREET - morning 29 the neighborhood be quiet and mostly empty . bird chirp . a car pass near the main road . ext . suburban STREET - morning 30 Beyond the tree of the middle - class suburban neighborhood , the concrete tower of a nuclear power plant be visible in the distance . ext . suburban park - morning 31 a few kid laugh and play near a jungle - gym . a small boy sit on the swing . ext . ice cream stand - morning 32 the ice cream stand appear empty . ext . abandoned factory - morning 33 a police car be park in the dirt lot . the abandon building sit within the quiet field . two police officer walk calmly along the grounds . one examine the discard wheel chair lie sideways in the grass . ext . jay' house - dusk 34 the sky be a dark purple . the house be close up and quiet . the tree sway . int . jay' bedroom - dusk 35 jay rest in she bed . the wind blow steadily against the window . ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 31 . continued : 35 a glass of juice and a plate of untouched food sit on she side table - a pickle , dorito and a white bread , crust - cut sandwich . there 's a pill in the center of the napkin . int . jay' bathroom - morning 36 jay stare at she body in the mirror - look down as she lift the top edge of she underwear . she inspect herself . do I catch something ? shallow breathe - from fear . examine under the bright light . a terrible rumbling begin . the bass and reverberation fill the room ... jay look down . dirty clothes hang from chair and shower bar . the sun shine through the bathroom window . a large patch of negative space sit between jay and the glass . be something outside ? the open bathroom door look into the bedroom . mirror suggest empty space and shadow - thing out of view . we wait for something to emerge . smash !!! jay jump from fear as a ball thump against the bathroom window . take a moment , she walk slowly towards the window . jay peek outside and see a ball sit in the grass below . no one be visible outside . ext . jay' house - continuous 37 we see a reverse shot of the neighbor boy hide beneath the window sill . he peek back inside - covertly stare at jay as she walk to the sink and drink straight from the faucet . she 's stoop and shake , lap at the water . the rumbling resume - grow and double - feed back on itself . ext . wayne state university campus - morning 38 jay walk along the main path with she backpack - stare at the edge for something unknown . ( continued ) 38 39 32 . continued : 38 her Pov tracking forward - a half - barren campus . jay step ahead . nervous and cautious . the old building cast shadow overhead . a homeless man lay quietly on the ground - peek at the pretty girl . jay see a woman walk towards she on the path . slow - possibly handicapped or a survivor of a stroke . jay watch she out of the corner of she eye - the female student pass . int . college classroom - morning 39 a man lecture at the front of the class . chalk mark fill the board , along with the print notation of " fall semester sociology " . 20 or so young adult sit throughout the room at desk and chair - short and t-shirt fail to fend off the humidity . jay write note by pencil at the far edge of the classroom . the large window to she right show the adjacent square . jay bite on the edge of she pencil as she stare out at the campus . the heat be visible . sweat form on she skin . she fan herself with a book . greg sit on the opposite side of the classroom - near the back . he glance over at jay - watch she with concern and curiosity . student walk lazily along the pathway near the square . jay watch they walk . the teacher 's voice fade from she ear . a few people relax on blanket in the grass - share food and talk . jay see a old woman in pajamas walk very slowly - emerge from behind a row of tree . she focus on the woman as she hobble along . the old lady step directly across the blanket of study student , pass between couple without notice . she stare with she mouth open , look directly at jay . jay take a breath and watch with frighten eye . the old woman walk closer and closer to the building , move past some shrub - approach the window . jay tense up . she stand awkwardly , grab she bag and walk out of the classroom . ( continued ) 39 40 33 . continued : 39 teacher uh , jay , be you ...? jay close the door without a word . greg look out to the hallway with concern . teacher ok . well ... int . MAIN college hallway - continuous 40 the heavy door open a crack . jay peek out - just a eye . she see a few college student chat together near the end of the hall . a administrator push a AV cart out of a nearby classroom . jay open the door the rest of the way and step into the hall . she look around as she make she way down the long passage . she eye class in session . jay run she hand along the wall . a few more step onward . Far off - at the opposite end of the hall - jay see the old woman walk very slowly into view . jay swallow hard as she breathe quicken . she watch with curiosity and fear as the old woman stare ahead and move closer . jay stop and wait . the chatting student , a few girl laugh and gossipe in the middle of the hall , fail to notice as the old woman walk straight through they semi-circle . jay stare , puzzle over the lack of attention to the old woman in pajamas . though still far off , the old woman keep come closer . jay hello ? the old woman do not respond . one of the chat girl turn back and look at jay - give she a funny look . do I know you ? chatting girl hello ? jay say nothing in reply . she fixate on the old woman . ( continued ) 40 4l 42 42a 34 . continued : 40 the chat girl shrug and laugh , turn back to she friend . the old woman move closer with crippled step - mouth agape . scare , jay turn and run out the nearby exit door . int . jay' car - morning 4l jay drive she tiny economy car through level of the parking structure . descend , the camera reveal row after row of car - student with backpack - empty space - shadow . jay appear tense and on-guard as she steer . ext . detroit zoo - day 42 jay walk past the rackham " bear " Fountain - kid throw penny into the copper water . we follow behind she . she appear nervous - keep she distance from other - scan the crowd . to she right , lion sprawl across the floor of they de . giraffes step through the egyptian exhibit as jay cross the nearby walkway . ext . concession stand - day 42a jay walk up to a large concession stand where Kelly and Paul be work . in uniform , Kelly serve cup of cola and hotdog to zoo - goer . near the counter with supplies in hand , Paul notice jay , and stop . paul hey , what be you do here ? jay I need to talk to my sister . Paul rest the food package against the counter . he see the look of anxiety on jay 's face . paul you ok ? jay uh huh . jay nod but she do not convince he . ( continued ) 42 a 43 35 . continued : 42r paul we be both take a break in a few minute . if you want to sit down and wait ... Kelly work feverishly in the background . jay ok . jay look around at the passer - by . her neck and eye betray she nervous energy and bird - like jitter . Paul pull he damp uniform away from he chest in a attempt to feel some sort of breeze . paul so hot out , be not it ? jay yeah . jay have sweat on she forehead and arm , but she seem unaffected . paul want some ice cream ? jay look back at the young man and nod . she really would . jay thank you . int . polar bear aquarium - day 43 sitting in the underwater tunnel , jay lean against the glass , rub she temple and hold she face as she try to relax . Paul and Kelly watch alongside she . kelly jay , what 's go on ? jay there be a old woman at school today . she be stare at I ... it seem like she be follow I . jay stare down the tunnel at a group of stranger . eyeing they carefully . Kelly try to hide she worried face . paul do you know she ? ( continued ) 43 36 . continued : 43 jay no , but she freak I out . I do not even go back to class . a few child in silhouette stare through the glass at the swim polar bear . they shuffle along in awe . kelly do she say something to you ? jay shake she head . she look down at the ice cream in she lap . she nibble on the dessert as she sister and friend watch with quiet concern . they exchange a look between one another . jay Hugh tell I that he pass it onto I . that something be gonna follow I . the light from the water add a pulsing shimmer to she face . kelly that 's all bullshit , Jaime . jay look up at she sister and stare back with wide eye . jay yeah , I know . a enormous polar bear swim overhead - a pass shadow . paul what exactly be suppose to be follow you ? Kelly glare at Paul - do not encourage this . jay I do not know . kelly you should tell mom what you see . jay no. kelly well , jay , I be worried about you . jay focus on she ice cream . small delicate bite . Kelly watch she older sister pick at the dessert with a spoon , like a young child - shoulder point inward . we see the trio together from outside the tunnel , through the blue icy water . ( continued ) 43 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 43 the surface be visible just above , with pristine white glacial wall behind they . jay 's figure appear stretch and distort through the calm water . for this moment we hear only the pulsing of water within a reverberate tank . kelly we gotta get back . Paul nod and jay begin to rise from she stoop and shelter position . paul I could stay over tonight if it would make you feel better . jay and Kelly simultaneously glance in Paul 's direction . jay & kelly ( together ) no. Paul shrug . paul like on the couch or something . kelly no. jay consider for a moment . jay maybe on the couch . Kelly roll she eye as Paul grin from a minor victory . kelly you should be more worried about waking up and find Paul humping you leg . jay that 's true . paul um ... the girl laugh . paul I be choose to ignore this insult to my character ... ( continued ) 43 44 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 43 kelly ( to jay ) just keep you door lock . jay nod , finish she ice cream with a small grin . paul I will stay up all night and keep a eye out for anything weird . nothing 's gonna happen . ok ? jay look up at Paul and she sister - exhaling a light breath . int . jay' bathroom - night 44 yara sit on the toilet in she pajamas clipping she toenail while chew on a red vine . she appear focus . jay and Kelly brush they tooth in front of the sink , laugh to each other in the mirror . Kelly wear she old and tatter amanda B 's dance team shirt . with toothpaste fill mouth ... kelly Mom just go to bed . jay do she say anything ? kelly no . she see Paul on the couch . I do not think she care . she have she bottle of merlot . jay nod - understanding the subtext . more tooth -brush ... jay I keep think that something must be wrong with I . even right now , it feel like I be ten foot away from myself . the wall seem far away . I do not even like look across the room . I feel ... overwhelm . yara continue clipping , tapping she nail - tool against the rim of a tiny waste basket . yara ( matter of fact ) it 's probably anxiety . jay will it go away ? ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 48 39 . continued : 44 yara nod - chew more licorice . kelly but it can really fuck with you if you let it . so ... do not . jay spit into the sink . ext . jay' house - night 45 the night be quiet . a few light remain on inside the house . ext . suburban STREET - night 46 a empty and dark street . no car pass . most household be asleep . static shot of dark alley , sickly oak tree , backyard illuminate by security light . rust chain link fence . a dirty above-ground pool . Water sloshes gently through a intermittent filter . int . live room - night 47 on the television , a monster roar and a woman scream . Paul sit on the couch watch a black and white horror film . blanket and pillow cover the couch . he eat popcorn and candy in the dim room . there 's tinny gunfire from the television . alien sound reverberate . Paul toss some more popcorn in he mouth as the on-screen hero embrace the damsel in distress . the woman on the tv cry and kiss the hero . Paul slump into he pillow with a sigh . int . kelly room - night 48 Kelly sleep soundly in she bed . yara be awake in she sleep bag , read dostoyevsky via cell phone . the monster movie can be hear faintly . through Kelly 's window , we see the outer yard . it 's mostly dark and very still . we hold on the window - move closer to it - watch - wait ... 49 50 51 40 . int . mrs . height' bedroom - night 49 jay 's mom be asleep on she bed . she 's sprawle across the crumpled comforter in she night robe . a bottle of wine and empty glass sit on the dresser . int . jay' room - night 50 change into bedtime clothes , jay glance out she window . across the alley , she see the 11 year old neighbor boy spying on she from he bedroom window . jay jump out of surprise . she cover herself and pull the blind down as the neighbor boy hide behind he own curtain . bother and momentarily frighten , jay sit on the floor next to the window , listen to the television echo from the hallway . int . live room - night 51 we follow behind jay as she carry she blanket and pillow down the hallway into the live room . still awake and watch a midnight movie , Paul sit up and fix he hair as the pretty girl plop down on the smaller love - seat across from he . jay I can not sleep - not in there . paul that 's ok . sleep here . jay smile and pull the cover over herself . they sit together - quiet - watch the television . paul you really ok ? jay pause - then look at Paul . she shrug she shoulder . paul everything 's gonna be cool . jay nod she head . on the television , several soldier lure a giant monster into a electrical trap . paul it 's funny , I have not spend the night over here since we be kid . ( continued ) 51 41 . continued : 51 jay there 's a reason for that . the pair crack smile . paul shut up . I be serious . it 's cool to spend time with you . jay yeah . paul we use to hang out all the time . remember ? jay nod . * paul at some point , it must have be weird for you have a guy friend that be young than you . jay I do not know . I think we just grow apart , right ? or you and Kelly get close . it 's not a big deal , be it ? paul no . not a big deal . * on the tv , a soldier flip a switch and send a giant arc of * electricity into the tower monster . * jay you be my first kiss , you know . paul I know . jay be I not yours ? paul no. you be . * jay and you kiss Kelly . she tell I . you kiss two sister ... that 's kind of gross . Paul grin . * the monster in the movie shrink and disappear under the * electrical charge . * ( continued ) 42 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 paul do you remember that time we find all the porno magazine in the alley by Barry 's pizza ? jay yes . jay shake she head with a smile - silly memory . * paul we be such stupid kid . jay ridiculous . * paul we be all sit on greg 's front lawn with a dozen dirty magazine sprawle everywhere and we be laugh ... jay chuckle at the memory . jay we have no idea how terrible it be . Paul start to laugh . * paul and greg 's mom ?! remember she face when she come outside and see we all sit around read that shit ? jay laugh along with Paul . * jay she scoop they up so fast . call my mom too . I and Kelly get a sex ed lecture the next day . paul I get one too . * jay and Paul smile to each other from across the room . * they hear the sound of glass break . paul what the fuck ? Paul stare at jay - worried . jay go look . ( continued ) 51 43 . continued : ( 3 ) 51 Paul hesitates . he jump up and step to the edge of the room - try to determine where it come from . jay watch , scared , behind the cover on the love-seat . Paul turn the corner , exite the live room . jay wait . heroic and celebratory music pour from the tv as the credit roll . jay scan the room - the window . a moment later , Paul return . he stand at the corner of the large room . paul there 's a break window in the kitchen , but nobody 's there . jay be you sure ? you look around ? paul yes . jay do not appear comfort . paul whoever break it run away . jay we should call the police . paul I be gonna wake up you sister . she should probably call . jay ok . Paul step out of view - head for Kelly 's room . paul ( 0.s. ) I be surprised they sleep through that . jay ( speak to no one ) yeah . jay sit alone on the couch . she pull the blanket from she leg - adjust on the small couch . ( continued ) 51 52 53 44 , continued : ( 4 ) 51 silence . jay stand up and walk slowly towards the edge of the room . she round the corner - step closer and closer to the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuous 52 jay hesitantly peek inside the kitchen doorway . a half - naked young woman , with a slight resemblance to jay , walk very slowly towards she . small step . she 's miss she two front tooth , while urinate through she brown suede skirt . Dark circle around she eye . a tube sock on one foot . the other bare . immodest and vulgar . jay choke on a scream and back away . she knock over some household nick - knack as she cross the dining room . rushing towards the stairwell - jay run up to the home 's second floor . a mad dash . int . jay' upstair - continuous 53 jay reach the top landing and race towards the large rec room . Inside , she slam the door shut , lock it and back up towards the far wall . she breathes and listen . footstep . a knock on the door . kelly ( behind door ) jay ? jay do not say a word . she sit still . wait . paul ( behind door ) jay , can you open the door ? jay shake she head . kelly ( behind door ) what 's go on ? ( continued ) 45 . 53 continued : 53 jay it 's in the house . paul ( behind door ) there 's nothing in the house , jay . jay I see it . kelly ( behind door ) just open the door , ok ? jay watch as the door- knob rattles - then stop . jay it 's in the kitchen . paul ( behind door ) I be not gonna let anything happen to you . open the door and we will figure it out . jay do not move . paul ( behind door ) there 's nothing here . jay get up and slowly walk to the door . she reach for the handle and turn it . peek out , she see Paul and Kelly stand alone . jay get in here . jay wave they into the room . once inside , she close and be - lock the door . Kelly stand with arm cross , while Paul sit on the edge of a chair . kelly jay , why do not you sit down ? jay pace and look from the door to the second -story window . she crumble down onto the floor . Kelly and Paul be silent . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 53 jay I need water . oh my god I need some water . kelly I will get you some . jay no. stay here . jay shiver and hold herself . jay be something wrong with I ? paul somebody break the window . that really happen . jay yeah , but I see a girl in the kitchen . jay push herself against the wall - almost in shock . Kelly come over and rub she shoulder . kelly I love you . you be ok . it 's gonna be alright . jay you do not believe I . kelly not all of it ... no . but some of it . there 's a tapping sound at the door . all three kid turn and stare . the doorknob shake a bit . almost turn - but stop . kelly Mom ? knock . knock . knock . Three soft tap on the door . jay crawl across the floor towards the window , shushing she sister with a panicked gesture . worried , Paul pick up a broom from the corner of the room and stand near the door - wooden stick raise . kelly Mom , be that you ? jay shake she head . ( continued ) 53 54 47 . continued : ( 3 ) 53 yara ( behind door ) no . it 's I . kelly yara ? yara yup . Kelly stand and approach the door . she unlock it , grab the doorknob and turn ... jay do not open the door . Kelly open the door revealing ... yara , sleepy - eye and bored , stand in the doorway , hold she glass . she rub the sleep from she eye , while chew on a red vine dangle from she mouth . kelly see ? everything 's ok . suddenly - a very large man peek out from behind yara 's shoulder - bend he head down into the door frame like some kind of giant . he stare at jay . jay scream as the large man follow yara into the room - remain just inch behind the petite young woman . Paul look at jay - confuse . no one but jay see the long - limb giant move closer . jay rush to the back window , open it , push out the screen and crawl through . Kelly , Paul and yara run towards she , try to hold she arm . kelly jay , be careful ! paul hey , wait ! ext . jay' roof - continuous 54 jay pull she arm away and step onto the edge of the roof . she stand , look down . ( continued ) 54 55 56 48 . continued : 54 the large man walk very slowly towards she , visible through the frame of the window - over Paul , yara and Kelly 's shoulder . jay turn and step along the edge of the roof towards the side of the house . Kelly look out the window as jay move from view . kelly jay ! what be you do ?! paul ( to Kelly ) I will get she . Paul run into the hallway - disappear down the stairwell . jay lower herself to the fence and hop into the alleyway . a boy 's bicycle lean against the neighbor 's house . jay grab it , jump on and ride off into the street . int . greg' garage - continuous 55 greg sit with a pretty girl in he open garage , smoking a joint . they be flirt - he hand on she leg . greg notice jay pedale the kid 's bike into the street . he watch , puzzle , as she ride off . Paul emerge from the front door . ext . park - night 56 jay ride the bike into the middle of the park . she stop in a open area near the swing and a old spider - web jungle gym . rust cartoon face hover over the play area on the top of the gym 's post . the chain of the swing rattle in the wind . jay step off the bike and lay it down on the sandy ground . she look around at the open park . large elm tree and dirt path spread out around the grassy patch of the block . jay watch for movement . it 's quiet and still . she walk across the lot towards the swing and sit down - nearly in shock - try to calm herself - look for something ground and real . she start to swing - very lightly . a young woman in pajamas - alone in the night . ( continued ) 56 49 . continued : 56 her foot slide across the sand and she hold they higher . jay watch the park . swing . forward . back . a dog bark in the distance . cricket chirp . the dog stop bark . it 's quiet again . the swing creak quietly - the sound echoe across the tree . jay see a figure approach through the tree - partially hide by the darkness . she stop the swing and watch - afraid - ready to run . paul jay ! Kelly , Paul and yara emerge from the darkness of the park . meeting in the open lot , Kelly run up to jay . kelly you could have hurt yourself ! what be you do ? the sister hug . amid they embrace , they whisper ... jay ( whisper ) I be really scared , kel . kelly ( whisper ) I too , but we will figure it out . jay ( whisper ) you can not tell mom . she will freak out and she will not believe I . kelly ( whisper ) I know . it 's ok . yara what be you run away from ? jay see something . a silhouette move through the street . all eye turn towards the approach shape . jay do you see that ? ( continued ) 50 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 kelly I do . yara it 's ... a person . stepping into the light from nearby street lamp - greg emerge from the darkness . jay greg ? greg what the hell 's go on ? jay struggle to find a response . greg be you ok ? jay nod . Paul glare at greg - unnotice . paul somebody break into they house . greg shit . do you call the police ? jay shake she head no . jay I do not want to go home . greg where do you wanna go ? jay exhales - look up at Kelly . jay I need to find he . greg the person who break into you house ? jay no. kelly Hugh ? jay nod . it 's a small and meek response from a normally strong young woman . greg what do he really do to you ? ( continued ) 56 57 58 51 . continued : ( 3 ) 56 jay shake she head and shrug , look down at the ground - rub she eye with she hand . Kelly offer greg a look - let jay be . greg ( quiet ) ok . the gang stand around in silence - amidst the quiet park . greg turn and start to walk away . jay notice he walk off . jay be you leave ? greg no , I be get my car . somebody 's gotta drive , right ? greg jog off . Kelly and jay sit down on the edge of the merry - go- round look out at the shadowy park . the sky have nearly achieve its pre-dawn blue . int . greg be car - dawn 57 jay sit in the passenger seat while greg drive . Paul , yara and Kelly sit in the back . yara snack on a large donut , while read from she phone . chocolate on she finger . the car drive into the inner city . the neighborhood become poorer - more decaye and urban . jay see a pair of middle - age woman walk cart down the street . a third and older woman trail behind they . jay notice she watch they car as they pass . the sound of greg 's engine grow louder - feed back on itself unnaturally . further on , jay see a homeless man stand behind a telephone pole on the side of the road . the man be perfectly divide by , and almost hide behind the pole . they pass he and continue on . ext . hugh' detroit home - dawn 58 greg 's car pull up and stop in front of a old inner-city house . it sit alongside a overgrown field with a distant view of the tower Renaissance Center . early morning fog drift across the face of the brick building . ( continued ) 58 59 60 61 52 . continued : 58 a patch of police tape be strung across the front door . a sign on the lawn read : for rent . ext . backyard of hugh' detroit home - dawn 59 Paul stand on the gas meter pull a window open . jay , greg , Kelly and yara stand along the back wall of the house , look around at the weed - fill lawn and adjoin backyard . as Paul crawl inside , we hear the jingle of clinking can and a bell rattle . a dog begin to bark loudly from a distant yard . jay notice a old woman peek out from behind a neighbor house . the woman stare suspiciously , then disappear . Paul open the back door , gesture for the gang to enter . int . live / dine room of hugh' detroit home - dawn 60 the camera push forward through a dark hall . tiny beam of morning light shine through the cover window . large swathes of shadow obscure the detail of the dim space . a dusty mist fill the air . pile of debris rest on the coffee table . couch cushion be flip . the television be face down on the floor . jay and greg walk cautiously into the dark live room . move to the curtain - cover bay window , jay stare at a odd collection of can , bottle and bell that hang from string across the entire length . she run she hand over the primitive alarm . clink clink jingle jingle . greg discover a similar string of can and bell across the smaller side window . int . bathroom of hugh' detroit home - dawn 61 Kelly rifle through drawer and check the medicine cabinet . she find several bottle of pill . the label have be tear off . bit of daylight shine through a tiny window above the shower . Kelly see a bloody razor blade on the floor near a stack of towel . 62 63 64 65 53 . int . kitchen of hugh' detroit home - dawn 62 yara open the fridge and make a funny face at the sight of open leftover and rotten fruit . yara I do not think he spend a lot of time here . int . bathroom of hugh' detroit home - dawn 63 Kelly notice a crack in the wall of the bathroom . she run she hand along the split in the dry -wall . Kelly apply some pressure and a large piece of wall fall away - revealing a hole lead to the adjoin room . jay peek through the hole to she sister . jay he tell I never to go into a room that do not have more than one way out . Kelly shake she head - surprised by the oddness of the situation . int . bedroom of hugh' detroit home - dawn 64 Paul enter the upstairs bedroom . Water -stain line the wall . a old mattress sit on the floor . debris and clothes box fill the space . Paul dig carefully through the cardboard box - sorting through a few remain article of clothes . a couple pair of sock . some underwear . int . kitchen of hugh' detroit home - dawn 65 stand on the counter , yara dig through the upper cabinet , use she cell phone to illuminate the junk inside . greg stop nearby , look up at she leg . admire . yara peek into the cabinet . push aside a dusty row of mug ... a cockroach run out and scamper across she hand . yara ebhh !! fuck ! yara shake she hand in disgust . greg chuckle . 66 67 54 . int . basement of hugh' detroit home - dawn 66 Kelly walk alone through the garbage fill cellar . the camera push slowly through the dusty shadow toward a ground level window . there 's tension as we near the sun-mist glass . nothing pass . int . bedroom of hugh' detroit home - dawn 67 under some crumpled and stain tissue paper , Paul discover a small stack of porn magazine . he lift they and sit on the edge of the bed , sifting through the various cover . he select one and casually flip through the magazine - peruse a nude woman 's pictorial . jay enter the bedroom and see he . she shake she head and move to the bedroom 's far window . it 's tape over with newspaper and comic book page . a few tear allow some morning light into Hugh 's grim-look sleep quarter . jay peek through a hole in the comic book page , look down at the nearby field . she see a homeless man walk through the tall grass . he disappear behind a tree . jay back away quickly , bump the string of can with she arm . Paul turn another page and find a loose photo wedge inside . he pull the picture out and examine it . paul hey , look at this . jay what ? paul be this he ? jay move to the bed and look down at the photo in Paul 's hand . she see a young , teenage -version of Hugh with some old girlfriend . they both have bad haircut . the girl , a cheerleader , be wear a boy 's oversize high school letterman jacket . it read : lawson Viking . paul do you recognize the letterman jacket ? jay lawson High School . Paul nod in agreement . ( continued ) 67 68 69 70 71 55 . continued : 67 paul somebody 's gonna know he real name . jay look closely at Hugh 's smile face . int . lawson high school hall - day 68 down a long , locker - fill hallway , greg and jay walk together towards the main office . a few kid pass they , walk to class - dodging work . int . lawson high school hall - day 69 through a medium -size window in the hall , we see a couple high school kid make out behind a tree - only piece of the action from a distance . a teen boy in ugly clothes walk by eat a apple . the camera pan , crossing the hall and focus on the nearby main office . int . lawson high school office - day 70 through the glass we watch as jay and greg speak with a couple of school employee . the photo sit on the counter between they . one woman grab a large book from a shelf , open it and flip through page as a man type slowly on he old computer . greg watch . jay stop and turn , look out past we and the camera , scan the area - she be constantly on guard . jay turn back and listen as the woman talk . the camera pan again , back towards the window . outside , the couple be still kissing behind the tree . a young woman with red hair be walk towards the building , carry a backpack . a few teen girlfriend cross the window , laugh and chat . int . greg be car - day 71 Paul and Kelly sit in the back seat of the car like kid wait for they parent . yara sleep on Kelly 's shoulder . greg and jay open they door and hop into the front . the high school building be visible through the front window . ( continued ) 56 . 71 continued : 71 paul do they know ? greg yup . jay his real name 's Jeff . in the distance , the young redhead with a backpack be visible walk towards the car . she 's quite far away . no one see she . paul not Hugh ? greg ( shaking he head ) Jeff redmond . kelly do we tell the police ? greg start the car . the radio come on - quiet . a seat - belt alarm ding repeatedly . greg buckle up - jay do not . jay no. the redhead walk closer as greg back the car up and pull out of the school lot . no one see she , except we ( and probably only some of we ) . Paul see jay and greg share a moment of eye contact . greg rub jay 's shoulder for comfort . Paul make a face - slightly irritate . 72 ext . hilly suburban road - day 72 greg 's car pull up in front of a large upper-middle - class house on the more rural edge of the county . well manicure lawn enhance the neighborhood 's stature . jay climb out of the car and walk up to the front door . her friend pile out of the car and stand around it , like a rag gang from a b-picture version of " West side Story " . jay ring the bell and wait . she look down the street - watch the empty road . the door open and a friendly middle - age woman in a rumple t- shirt and " mom jeans " greet jay . mrs . redmond smile and look to she . ( continued ) 72 73 57 . continued : 72 mrs . redmond hello . jay stare at the woman - take aback . Mrs. redmond be a dead - ringer for the naked woman see earlier at the abandon warehouse . jay hi. um. be Jeff here ? mrs . redmond yeah . he be . um ... do you wanna come in ? jay yeah . Mrs. redmond glance back at jay 's friend by the car . mrs . redmond you friend ? jay that would be great . jay wave she sister and friend over . int . upstair hallway - day 73 Mrs. redmond lead jay and she friend down a long hallway to the back of the house . they reach a doorway . Mrs. redmond knock . mrs . redmond hey Jeff , you get friend here . silence . mrs . redmond Jeff . jeff yeah mom . I be come . the door unlock and open . Jeff look out past he mom to jay and she gang . his face reveal the awkwardness and stress of the moment . he try to hide it from he mother . jeff hey . jay look back at he - wait for something . ( continued ) 73 58 . continued : 73 jay hey . mrs . redmond well I will leave you kid alone . Mrs. redmond walk back down the hall . Jeff look at jay . she stare he down . no one notice , but on Jeff 's leave wrist , the edge of a bandage peek out from under he long sleeve shirt . jeff you wanna come in ? jay shrug and step into Jeff 's bedroom . Paul , Kelly , yara and greg follow . Jeff appear uneasy . jay look around the room . it 's a very typical boy 's bedroom - probably too immature for Jeff . tire , yara lay across the bed and watch the scene unfold . greg close the door , block Jeff in . he hover near the young man as though he 's about to punch he . see that he 's trap , Jeff look over at jay . jeff I be sorry . jay ignore he - look at a small , candid photograph on Jeff 's dresser . in the photo-booth strip : Jeff smile alongside a laugh and happy young woman : Annie . jeff you do not know how horrible I feel . greg smack Jeff in the face . greg fuck you . Jeff do nothing in return . he have tear in he eye . jeff be you gonna call the police ? jay I be not sure yet . ( continued ) 73 74 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 73 jeff ( he voice be weepy and weak ) please do not tell my family . ok ? jay I just want to know what 's go on . jeff ok , but can we talk outside ? it 's not safe in here . it 's really not safe . ext . jeff' backyard - day 74 Jeff sit before a open expanse of lawn and landscape backyard . there be no fence here . on the grass at the edge of the patio , jay and she friend sit around the host - like a teenage mob . they be drink soda pop from straw . Mrs. redmond step outside - smile . she set out a tray of baked snack for the group . mrs . redmond ok . I hope you like puffed crispy treat . paul thank you . yara grab a crispy treat and begin to eat . mrs . redmond of course . you be welcome . the kid nod awkwardly as they sip they cola beverage . the mother smile and walk inside , carefully slide the glass door close . once go , all expression change . Jeff maintain a low whisper , try to conceal the situation from he mother . his eye be red from cry . jeff ( look at jay ) even though it 's follow you , I can still see it ... it 's not do with I either . it just want you first . like I tell you , all you can do pass it to someone else . jay pick at the ground , pull up a blade of grass and tear it into smaller strip , place they on she leg . ( continued ) 74 60 . continued : 74 kelly what the fuck be you talk about ? further down the block , a teenage girl in a soccer jersey appear , cut across the neighbor 's back lawn on she way home . for now , she appear as a dot on the horizon - too distant to be see by anyone . jeff she can do the same thing I do . it should be easier for she . she 's a girl . Jeff turn and look straight at jay . jeff any guy would be with you . just sleep with somebody and tell they to do the same . maybe it will never come back . Paul stare longingly at jay from behind he can of soda . we see the figure of the soccer girl begin to take shape in the distance . a casual stroll - a backpack sling over shoulder . paul be that really possible ? greg bullshit . total fuck bullshit . jay pull apart the blade of grass within she palm - fixate on the tiny detail of the plant . kelly ( look at Jeff ) you should take it back . Jeff look at Kelly - make a face . kelly ( to Jeff ) you know what I mean . jeff it do not work that way . jay ( almost to herself ) I would never sleep with he again . greg exhales - grow frustrated with the nature of the conversation . ( continued ) 74 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 74 greg this be not real . I promise you the whole thing be some fuck up game . Jeff look at jay - she melancholy profile - down -turn . over she shoulder , he finally notice the teenage soccer girl walk in he direction - still far away . the camera zoom in on the girl . Jeff be clearly distract and frighten . jeff I be not safe either . ok ? we should not be in the same place . you need to get the fuck out of here . greg watch it . Jeff glance back to the soccer girl . she stroll lazily across the lawn . a bit closer . jeff ( get nervous ) if it kill you , it come back to I and then all the way down the line to whoever the hell start it . jay stare down at she hand - lose herself in the slight movement of she flesh and finger - something ground and real . Paul watch she with sadness and long . jeff ( nervous and quick ) jay , I be sorry . I be not try to hurt you . somebody do this to I too , ya know . greg be sweat now . he steal another look at the soccer girl . she look back at he - then look down . kelly who do it to you ? jeff ( nervous ) I meet a girl at a bar ... it be a one night stand ... I do not even know she name . I think that 's where it come from . greg roll he eye in frustration . greg Jeff ? I do not believe you ... ( continued ) 74 75 76 77 tia 78 62 . continued : ( 3 ) 74 Jeff focus completely on the approach girl . he 's fidget - ready to stand and run . greg she might , but I think you be a liar . this be some fuck up shit you be - ( do to she ) . Jeff interrupt - jeff do you guy see that girl right there ?!? Jeff point and stare in the direction of the pass soccer girl . everyone turn around and look at the shy teenager , bob she head to the music . she notice and make a worried face , shifting she path away from Jeff and the group . kelly , paul , jay greg yara ( simultaneous ) ( nodd ) yes .... yeah ... uh huh ... Jeff regains he composure . he try to adjust . jeff ok. good. um ... listen ... jay ... Jeff face jay directly . jeff wherever you be , it 's somewhere walk straight for you ... but it be walk . if you drive far enough , you can buy yourself some time to think ... decide if you wanna give it to someone else . jay glance down at the ground , as greg and Paul sit silently . Paul steal a look toward jay . omitted 75 omitted 76 omitted 77 omitted tia int . greg be car - night 78 greg drive - stare at the dark road ahead . yara snore in the passenger seat - a open bag of potato snack on she lap . ( continued ) 78 63 . continued : 78 Paul , Kelly and jay be cramme in the back , along with they luggage . kelly ( to greg ) um ... greg? greg yeah ? kelly you mom 's not gonna freak out ? greg she will not even know . kelly it 's really nice of you . greg I love come up here . my dad use to take I hunt a couple time a year . it 's not like super nice , but it 's cool . Kelly nod and smile , lean closer to jay . kelly ( whisper ) have you think about what he say ? jay take a pill from she purse . jay ( whisper ) what ? kelly ( whisper ) maybe pass it on ? jay shake she head as she swallow the pill with some water . jay ( whisper ) I do not know . Kelly shrug a bit . Paul peek at jay out of the corner of he eye - under the cover of sleep . highway sign pass by . mile of road . 79 80 81 82 83 84 64 . ext . highway - morning 79 greg 's car drive up the scenic , northern stretch of I - 75 . giant stretch of forest and clear lake line the road . the sun rise higher over the tree . omitted 80 omitted 81 omitted 82 ext . greg' lake house - morning 83 greg 's car arrive in front of a lake house surround by open field . Beyond the house be a medium -size lake . the gang start to climb out , stretch in the morning sun . greg unlock the door and step inside . int . lake house live room - morning 84 jay and Paul string bell and bottle over the window and door . sitting on the floor - thread old soup can with string , jay speak into a old 7u' - style phone receiver . jay ( into phone ) hello , yes , um , this be Mrs. height . I be call to let you know that my daughter Kelly be sick with the flu and she 's gonna be out for a few day - uh maybe longer . ( beat ) uh huh . yeah . I know . it 's the season change I guess . ( beat ) ok well , thank you . bye . Kelly fries bacon at the stove , while make pancake for the group . she watch she sister from across the room . a radio on the counter play a old am rock tune . yara dance by herself to the music , snack on bacon as she read she ebook . sway and step - she move be intentionally silly . greg drink a beer on the couch , stare at yara 's ass whenever possible . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 65 . continued : 84 family photo of greg and he parent line the wall . Old remnant of joyful time litter the room . hanging up the phone , jay stand at the edge of the kitchen , look out the window . she watch the empty field , driveway and lake . bird chirp happily in the distance . ext . old shed - morning 85 greg unlock the door to a shed behind the house . he pull a metal case from the dusty shelf . Inside , he find a small handgun and some bullet . greg close the case , and tuck it under he arm . ext . field - day 86 greg stand next to jay as she fire the handgun at a far-off row of can goods and mini cereal box . he help to adjust she aim . Kelly and Paul watch from the distant grass - as shot ring out and echo . yara read from she phone . Paul seem irritate . greg it suck stick around after everyone 's go , huh ? jay it 's a bit lonely . greg I be right across the street you know . jay I remember . bang ! a full size box of fruity fun cereal be hit , cause a trickle of colorful rice to pour from the bullet hole . ext . boat & lake - day 87 the boat be anchore in the center of the lake . the water be calm . the breeze pass like a whisper across jay 's bang . she turn onto she back and lay out across the front of the boat - feel the warm sun . ( continued ) 87 88 89 90 91 92 66 . continued : 87 greg dive into the water , while Paul cannonballs in . Kelly sit near she sister , while yara dip a toe in the lake from the safety of the rear ladder - sip a beer and eat snack chip . jay I feel safe out here . kelly we will stay as long as we can . Mom do not care . jay I wonder how long it will take before it get here . kelly jay , there 's nothing come , ok ? jay look back towards the shore and watch the tree-line and the open field . she stare deeply at the land . nothing move . ext . boat & lake - day 88 yara dive underwater , kick she foot above the surface . loud splashes . Kelly hold on to the anchor-rope , float calmly on she back . we notice greg glance over at Kelly , tread water with beer in hand . jay swim alone . drying he face with a towel , Paul watch she from the boat . ext . highway - day 89 we slowly push forward - move up along the expressway . Cars race towards we - pass on either side . we creep along , unfaze by they proximity . closer and closer . omitted 90 omitted 91 ext . wood - night 92 the tree pass as we move very slowly but steadily through the forest . ( continued ) 92 93 67 . continued : 92 the wind howl . a bird flutter past we . distant lightning illuminate the wood . Thunder rumble . we move closer ... int . lake house - night 93 a bell ring . jay turn and see Paul step through she doorway . he close the door with a final rattle and ring . jay stare up at he from she bed . rain pour against the window . jay hey . paul hi. how be you ? jay um ... I do not know . paul yeah . Paul sit down on the side of she bed . he look over and eye she . she glance back . there 's a silence in the room . jay shift under she cover . Paul reach over and hold jay 's hand . they sit in silence . jay stare down at they hand - intertwined . she appear a bit uneasy . Paul lean down and try to kiss jay . she pull she head away . jay no , Paul . paul what ? jay do not know what to say . paul I know you feel kind of alone and I just want to tell you that ... I be here for you . jay I know . ( continued ) 93 94 95 68 . continued : 93 Paul take a breath . it 's get awkward . paul no , I mean ... I be here for you . Paul place he hand on jay 's leg . finally understanding what he 's say , she politely move he hand away . jay oh ... um ... Paul , I ... Paul swallow hard as Kelly knock on the door . the bell ring as she walk into the room . she 's in a towel . see Paul , she roll she eye and give he a shake of she head . kelly out . jay smirk as Paul leave the bedroom . ext . lake house - night 94 rain pour from the gutter on the ground . drop ping off the side of the awning . the lake dance with volatile drop of water . rain fall across the window of the lake house . ext . field - morning 95 a grey mist have settle over the area . jay relax on one of the lawn chair in the center of the field - near the lake . a breeze tussle she hair . she appear calm , but sad . Kelly , greg and Paul lounge around she - some on the wet grass - other in chair . Paul stare lovingly at jay . she watch the horizon . behind jay - over she shoulder - we watch as yara step from the forest into view - far off - by the dirt road . yara walk closer . Paul look off - into she direction . greg notice Kelly 's leg - stretch across the grass . she see he check she out . his warm eye cause she to look away - more from shyness than anything else . ( continued ) 95 69 . continued : 95 greg gulp and finish he beer as he stand - drop the can into the grass . he walk off - trudging towards the distant tree . Paul look up at the sky - raise he hand up to feel the sun . behind he , we see yara in she bathing suit float across the shallow edge of the lake on a circular inner-tube . she float lazily by - a small but visible shape in the background . there be clearly two yaras . one be in the water . one be approach behind jay . Paul look back to jay . she turn to she side and look back towards the lake house . behind she , yara be now much closer - continue to approach . yara you should get in the water ! from she inner-tube , yara look back to she friend . Kelly glance over to she sister . jay yawn and stretch . kelly you want to ? jay no . you go ahead . we see greg - very far away - step into the tree , drop he short and start to pee . kelly come on . jay eh. kelly get up . it will be nice . Kelly start to get up . we see the group , loung together in the field . jay maybe in a little bit . kelly do not be so lazy . as jay sit in she chair , she long hair rise into the air - without cause or explanation - like a michaél borreman 's painting . ( continued ) 95 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 95 Kelly and Paul see this occur . jay immediately realize something be behind she . she jump from she chair , scream and step backwards . the chair topple . a invisible force pull she head down and prevent she from move more than a few foot . she pull backwards - a tug of war - she hair be the rope . jay help I ! Kelly take a step closer - tentative with confusion . kelly jay ?! what be it ?! Paul jump up and grab the fall chair . he swing it down into the air . we watch as the chair smashes into a invisible object - crack - hurt Paul 's hand . jay 's hair be release - drop back to she shoulder . she tumble away , trip over a cooler and fall to the ground . Kelly rush to help she . Paul step closer - suddenly he 's push violently across the grass - landing on he shoulder . jay crawl and stumble away from the advance thing . the fake yara follow she - bloody but unfaze . in the distance , greg quickly pull up he short and start to walk back - a cautious , hyper -aware gait . greg will you guy tell I what 's goin ' on ?! the real yara rush through the shallow water and help jay up . she pull she towards the lake house as Paul manage to stand , back away from the center of the field - terrify and unsure how to help . Kelly run after she sister . jay keep move - glance back and point . yara , or something that look like she , follow . the gap widen , but the thing keep come . slowly of course . jay 's friend and sister pass right by the thing as they rush to she aid . they see nothing . 95 a 96 71 . ext . edge of field - continuous 95a greg be still far off - approach along the edge of the clear . we track behind he as he watch the odd sight : jay be back away - scream , point and stare at nothingness . int . lake house - continuous 96 jay pick up the hand gun and run to the door . kelly what be you do ?! jay raise the gun up . she aim at the thing . yara stare back at she . mouth open . Paul be almost hyper- ventilate at the edge of the room . he see nothing but a frighten and hurt young woman aim a gun into the air . he hide behind the couch . jay wait until it get near . she aim at its face - jay pull the trigger . bang !!! greg dive down - take cover in the grass . paul fuck ! the bullet slice through yara 's forehead and ricochet out she temple . blood pour from she skull as she slump to the ground . greg ( in distance ) stop shoot ! ! greg jump up , arm in the air . he start to come closer . kelly jay , please !! the bloody yara rise and continue walk towards jay as though nothing happen . 96 a 96b 72 . ext . field - continuous 96a as greg move toward jay with he arm in the air , she raise she pistol once again . she fire several time - the bullet come right at we . greg dive for cover . jay step back and pull the front door close . int . lake house live room - continuous 96b jay lock the front door and slump onto the ground . she start to cry . Kelly try to hold she but she can not be consol . Paul lift he shirt and see a swollen red well across he abdomen . jay peek up toward the front window . she see a large man look in through the glass . he shuffles slowly to the side - out of sight . smash !!! there 's a loud pound from the front door . the wood shake . it hit again . the bang get louder . a foot break through the bottom of the door . the woman scream . Paul jump in fear . yara watch as wood splinter from the center - seemingly without cause . jay watch as the foot kick out a medium chunk of panele from the bottom of the door . the foot retract and disappear . silence - except for the soft cry within the room . the friend and sibling look to the door - wait . slowly ... we push in ... closer on the hole ... greg appear , look in through the break door - he head tilt at a angle . greg what the hell be you guy do ?! jay yara greg , it 's outside ! do not open the door ! ( continued ) 96 B 73 . continued : 96b greg what do you do to the door ?! jay paul it 's try to get in ! we do not do it ! greg there 's nothing out here ! jay yes there be ! greg pound he fist into the door . he pull away and disappear from view . greg kelly ( o.s. ) greg , do you kick the door ? what the fuck ... son -of - a ... be it you ? silence . we hear only jay , Kelly , yara and Paul , breathe deeply . frightened and labor breath . outside ... it 's quiet . jay greg ? he do not respond . jay greg , be you ok ? jay lean closer to the door , peek into the hole . suddenly ... a very little boy with a strange face poke he head into the open . jay scream and jump as the little kid crawl through the hole in the door . kelly jay , what do you see ?! the innocent look boy stare at jay and scream loudly - like a elderly woman . jay flinch and cover she ear . she pull herself up and scramble away , grab the car key from the table . there 's a pound from the other side of the house . jay run toward the rear door . ( continued ) 96 B 97 98 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 96b now inside , the little boy step across the room . Paul follow jay as she unlock the back door , revealing greg - pound on it . greg what be go on ?!! jay push past he , move outside . paul I do not know ! greg stare into the lake house with anger and confusion - we do not see anything other than hysterical teenager . greg ( mutter to himself ) what the fuck ... yara be cry on the floor , while Kelly stand shaking - in shock . greg march past they . ext . lake house - continuous 97 jay run to the car , fumble with the key fob , unlock the door . as jay climb into the driver 's seat , greg emerge from the front door of the lake house . he inspect the crack in the door . int . greg be car - continuous 98 start the car , jay see a young woman , Annie , walk past greg and the other - stare at she from a distance . greg be shouting - try to calm everyone down . jay continue to cry - not loudly - just stream of involuntary tear . she throw the car into gear . Kelly run from the side of the house , spot she sister in the car . kelly ( distant ) jay ! wait ! we back up at a mad speed , turn and racing up the dirt road towards the highway . the engine roar - and whine . Kelly , yara , Paul and greg watch as jay drive off . ( continued ) 98 99 75 . continued : 98 greg where be you go ?! that 's my fuck car !! the house , the friend and Annie recede into the background . jay stare ahead in shock . her hand be shaking on the steering wheel . the teenage girl press down on the gas . she steer wide - turn a corner in the road . jay look back over she shoulder . panicked . up ahead , a pickup truck begin to pull out from the intersection . protected by a stop sign - nothing more . jay be go too fast . unable to stop . the truck try to swerve . she pull at the wheel , hit the brake and cut leave . lose control . she crash hard into a bank of tree . int . hospital - day 99 jay open she eye . her head be slightly bandage around she forehead . a small circle of dry blood rest on the cotton wrap - a iv in she leave arm . her right arm be cover in a cast - extend from she finger to she bicep . jay see the foot of she hospital bed . a monitor and the open doorway lead to a hallway . she stare into the hall . a empty wait room be visible beyond another door . a nosy woman pass by - peek over at jay . a unseen man scream in pain from a distant room . old man ( 0.s. ) somebody come and help I ! I need some helppp ! somebody please ! I just need some helppp !! jay watch the door - she begin to frighten herself . her breathe grow shallow . she look down and press the call button . it ring , but no one respond . ( continued ) 99 76 . continued : 99 the hallway appear empty . the man 's cry be silence . the call button beep intermittently . jay hello ? jay stare into the doorway . jay helloooo ? the camera move closer and closer to the open space . Kelly step into frame , walk from the wait room around the corner . she cross the hall - a expression of sadness on she face . jay see she come . she stare - fearful and suspicious . her breathe be heavy . jay Kelly ? Kelly simply nod and smile reassuringly , shrugging she shoulder . of course it 's she . jay do not believe it . jay ( still afraid ) be it really you ?! kelly ( nodd once again ) yeah . it 's I . jay ( relieved ) ok . jay try to stop herself from cry . she sob as she sister come closer and hold she - lean down over the bed . jay do mom know ? kelly yeah . she come earlier . jay how long be I gonna be here ? kelly I do not know . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 99 jay it 's gonna come here . what be I gonna do ? kelly we be gonna figure it out . just relax . ok . jay how far be we from the lake house ? kelly far. Kelly sit up and yawn , pull away from the hug . she lean back revealing - a old nurse stare down at jay , a tray of food in she hand . jay see the pale woman and be startle . she immediately freak out , pull away and kick she food tray to the floor . jay no ! get she away from I ! can you see she ?! she 's right there ! jay point at the nurse . Kelly try to calm she sister , grab she arm . kelly I see she ! it 's just a nurse . she 's bring you food . ( look to the nurse ) I be so sorry ... she 's really scared . jay turn she face toward the pillow . she take deep breath . nurse we will get she something to help she relax . jay ( mumble ) I do not want anything . jay gasp for air . everything go dark ... the noise of the hospital warp and distort ... we hear the sound of jay breathe . 100 78 . int . hospital room - dusk 100 jay open she eye again ... she see she mother sit in a nearby chair . the door be close . Paul , greg , Kelly and yara lay around the room - scattered in odd place : chair , the end of the bed , the window sill . the television be on , but no one be watch it . it 's nothing but a half - mute light source in a otherwise dim room . we hear voice - whisper around we . nothing sound right . mrs height ( mute ) be she take she medicine ? kelly ( mute ) I do not know . I think so . jay begin to cry . Mrs. height move close , hold she hand against she daughter 's forehead . mrs height jay , you ok ? jay 's face show exhaustion and fear . her cry intensify . the young woman sob and wail like a hurt child . her mother hold she , while Kelly wipe tear away from she cheek . jay ( whisper ) I do not wanna die . mrs height you be not gonna die . you be ok . it be a bad accident . that 's all . you will be home in a few day . jay continue to cry . greg stare from he seat . jay ( whisper ) it 's gonna catch I . jay see greg . she look to he for help . ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 79 . continued : 100 jay ( whisper ) it will be here soon ... jay lay against she pillow , sobbing lightly , stare at greg. ext . hospital - night 101 we watch from outside . the camera track along the exterior of the hospital window - past the sleep and the sick . a man on he deathb . a woman hobbling to the bathroom . a family laugh silently behind glass . a child eat over a tray . we settle on jay 's hospital room - look in - through the window from a distance . greg lean over the bed , as jay whisper something into he ear . a private moment . he nod and say something in reply . we slowly move closer . a tiny , creep dolly forward . they be alone . the room 's door be close . greg take she leave hand and hold it . he kiss she and move closer . greg undoe he pants and pull they down . jay lift the blanket up and pull she underwear off . greg climb into the bed with she , touch she body . she pull he boxer off and hold he with one arm - keep she cast off to the side .. greg move on top of jay . she look up at he as he position himself inside she . greg stare down at jay 's beautiful face . int . hospital room - continuous 102 jay look over greg 's shoulder to the close door . she watch - wait - as greg make love to she . her head and face shake - rise and fall as the young man move faster - fuck she harder . jay stay focus on the close door - hold greg in she arm . int . hospital room - night 103 jay sit alone in she hospital bed . the room be very quiet . she stare out - lose in think . be it go ? ( continued ) 103 104 105 106 80 . continued : 103 we sit with jay for a few moment as she take a sip of water and then look down at she hospital gown . her leg . the cast on she arm . jay wait for something to happen . she watch the empty doorway . int . college food court - day 104 greg eat a sandwich , fries and coke while chat with some girl at a table . many people cross by . greg laugh with he mouth half - full . int . hospital waiting room - day 105 Kelly rest on a small couch - magazine on she lap . Paul sit in a chair - watch across the hallway - look into jay 's room . he watch greg smile and chat with she - casually eat applesauce from jay 's food tray . jay 's face be partially hide by the edge of the doorway . Paul stare with obvious envy . int . jay' hospital room - continuous 106 Flowers line the window sill - the sun shine brightly inside . jay you have not see it ? greg nothing . greg take another bite of applesauce . jay really ? greg ( eat ) yeah . I be wait . look . it 's be 3 day ... jay nod she head - unsure . greg I do not think it 's come . jay rest in she hospital bed . ( continued ) 106 107 108 81 . continued : 106 jay you believe I right ? you be not just play along ? greg no . I believe you . jay nod . greg I just do not think it 's ... follow I . jay stare at greg. worried . greg be not that good ? jay yeah . jay 's face do not seem relaxed . she take no comfort in greg 's word . jay I be sorry about you car . greg it 's just a car . he smile and take one more bite of applesauce - lick the spoon . ext . jay' backyard - day 107 jay sit in the hot tub , with she cast hang over the side - look out at the neighbor yard . a dullness in she eye . the back door be half -open . a small television rest on the deck - play the local news . on the tv : body be carry from a collapse building . the news announcer chatter away about the incident . jay stare out at she backyard lawn - and the lawn of she neighbor 's - yard stretch into infinity . int . jay' house - day 108 jay step inside she house - drying off with a towel . it 's quiet . she walk slowly down the hallway to she room . 109 82. int . jay' room - day 109 open the bedroom door , jay notice that she dresser drawer be open . the underwear drawer . look across the room , she see she bra , underwear and a pair of sock laid out across she bed - as though mimick a body . fear cross she face . jay Kelly !? Mom !? no one answer . jay look around for a intruder . walk towards the bed , jay pass a dresser , a mirror and various poster on the wall . she reach the bed and pick up she bra . she lean down and peer out the window . nothing . stand up , jay see a boy reflect in the mirror . startle , she scream - spin around - fall back against the bed . it 's the 11 year old neighbor boy - hide against the wall - panty in he hand . he take a step forward - arm extend - worry on he face . neighbor boy I just want to see you . I be sorry . jay get out of here !! the boy drop she underwear on the floor and run out of the room - into the hallway . jay sit there . catch she breath . ext . jay' house - dusk 110 Kelly and Paul sit on the porch talk , drink and listen to music . near the garage - yara be chat with someone on she pink cell phone . greg walk out from he front door . he cross the street and approach the gang on the porch . greg how be you guy ? ( continued ) 83 . continued : 110 kelly ok . Paul nod - choose not to speak . yara close she phone and join she friend - sit down near Paul . greg how 's jay ? greg look in the direction of the house - where jay be . Kelly shrug she shoulder . kelly not great . paul have you see anything ? Paul stare greg down - let he know that he know . yara cover she tiny grin - they be all in on it . greg silently shake he head . nope . the group be quiet for a moment as they consider this . greg be it cool if I go in ? kelly I do not think so . she do not want to open she door . she 's just hide in there . greg I think she would be do better . greg look towards the close doorway . Kelly stare at he - wait for something back . kelly I can have she call you later . greg yeah ok . Paul watch silently - a brood stare from the corner of the porch . yara you really have not see anything ? ( continued ) 84 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 greg nope . paul she do not make it up . greg we will know sooner or later , right ? greg look around - think about the possibility . he scan the empty street and the row of manicure lawn extend into infinity . paul that chair crack in mid-air , something knock I over , and the door ... it do not break on its own . greg something happen , but ... it 's not what she think . kelly what do you think it be then ? greg shrug he shoulder and step off the porch . greg I will see you guy . kelly bye , greg . yara bye . greg walk across the street . Paul watch he go - happy to see he leave . 111 ext . suburban park - night 111 the dark tree of the park sway in the night breeze . 112 ext . suburban STREET - night 112 a dog bark from behind a fence . the house sleep . the street be quiet . 113 ext . neighborhood - night 113 we see the full neighborhood from above . scatter house light and street - lamp form pool of illumination across the flat Michigan suburb . 114 85 . int . jay' room - night 114 jay sit by she window in pajamas , watch the dark neighborhood . empty yard . a car pass . jay yawn - a hand over she mouth . near silence . some cricket . jay see greg walk slowly down the sidewalk . he turn and head up the path to he house . jay knock on she window , try to get he attention . greg reach the front door , but it will not open for he . jay watch - a bit confuse . greg pick up a large stone and walk towards the front window of he house . jay realize something be wrong . she grab she 80 's handset phone and dial greg 's number . it go straight to voice - mail . greg break the glass and begin to crawl into he home through the open . jay leap up and stumble out she bedroom door . ext . greg be house - night 115 sprint to greg 's front yard , jay pound on the door - pull at the handle . jay greg ! open the door ! greg ! there 's no sound from within . jay look to the break front window - she run to it and begin to crawl through . int . greg' house live room - continuous 116 falling to the carpet , jay clutches she cast - cover arm and look around the dark room . she stand up and move through the house . jay ( cun ) greg ! it 's in the house ! ( continued ) 116a 86 . continued : 116 we hear a soft and distant tapping from above . a clock chime . greg ( o.s. - distant ) Jesus , mom ! I be sleep ! jay run through a dark hallway reach the base of the stair . she go up . int . greg 's house upstair - continuous 116a running up the stair , jay hear the sound of knock - louder . a " tap tap tap " on wood . jay greg ! watch out ! reaching the top of the stairwell , jay stop . ahead of she , at greg 's door be he mother , Mrs. hannigan . Mrs. hannigan be knock on the door . she look over at jay as she continue to knock . jay stare - suddenly understanding what 's happen . greg ( from inside - groggy ) what the fuck be go on ? Fucking son - of - a... jay greg , it 's outside you ...! greg open he bedroom door - wear only boxer . he see he mother stand before he in she open bathrobe - breast half - expose . greg ( groggy ) what the fuck , mom ? Mrs. hannigan put she arm around greg . her leg climb up - foot claw - wrapping herself around he . he fall backwards disappear into the bedroom . jay circle the doorway , look in . she see the woman straddle greg , hold tightly as he convulse - he eye roll back - revealing white and vein . a fall lamp flicker and strobe . the room appear to shake . the mother push herself against greg - bare leg - a loose robe - indecent . his hand struggle against hers - they finger intertwined . ( continued ) 87 . 116a continued : 116a 120 121 122 a heavy rush of fluid pour down onto greg 's boxer - soaking the carpet . the young man stop move . he 's dead and pale - he tongue edging out the side of he mouth . the thing look back at jay and stand . it begin to follow she as she back up along the hall landing - down the stair . jay run to the front door - flee the house . int . jay' car - night 117 jay pull out of she driveway wildly . she drive down the street as greg walk out of he front door - stare at she . int . jay' car - night 118 jay cruise along the expressway . she try to slow she breathe . she wipe some tear from she face . int . jay' car - night 119 the radio be on . a beautiful pop song play from the speaker . jay be tired as she steer along the near empty expressway . int . jay' car - night 120 quiet now . head down a rural highway . jay pull she car into a long dirt drive . she follow the tree-line path deeper . ext . wood - night 121 jay park and get out of she car along the edge of some light wood . she move around the car and climb over the front fender , sit on the hood . jay lay back and stare up at the night sky . she turn she head and watch the empty road - illuminate by a lone street lamp . she wait . ext . wood - dawn 122 jay sit on the roof of she car , face the road . she stare out at the empty path . she hear something . a sputtering engine . voice in the distance . jay climb down and follow the sound through the tree - toward the rise sun . 123 124 125 88. ext . clearing at lake - dawn 123 stepping out of the wood , jay find herself along the edge of Lake St. Claire . she look out at the deep water as a motorboat slow in the distance . a few shirtless young men drink beer in the boat as it rock and sway . listen to music , they do not notice the young woman on shore . jay focus on the man . a think cross she eye . jay take off she pants and shirt as she step into the lake . she move out , brace herself against the cold - let she cast drop carelessly into the water . she swim further . the boat be ahead . the young man grow closer and closer . jay slow and stop . she 's near the boat now . the music and laughter be louder . she look up at the figure of man - consider . she start to call out , but stop . her eye show melancholy as she paddle in place . I can not do this . jay exhales and drop down into the water . she 's go . we sit on the surface of the lake watch the young man on the boat drink and laugh . eventually , they start the engine and cruise off along the horizon . a flock of bird fly overhead . the water be still . jay pop up several yard away - nearly out of frame - gasp for air . she fight to swim back . ext . jay' house - morning 124 jay drive the car down she street - she hair still damp - the cast soaking wet . as she pull into she driveway , she see Kelly and yara sit on the porch - haggard and sad . int . jay' bedroom - day 125 jay be rest on the floor of the darken room . a towel be wrap around she cast . some light peek in through the half - draw shade . Kelly and yara be sleep on the bed - pass out - a space of mourn . yara snore a little . ( continued ) 125 89 . continued : 125 the old sandwich sit untouched on its plate . the bread have grow moldy . the pickle be dry . the dorito remain orange and unchange . the television be on . Old commercial sell product . there 's a knock at the door . jay open she eye . jay who be it ? paul Paul . jay hang on . jay get up and pull the chair away from the door , she cautiously open it , peek out into the hallway . she see Paul - alone . he step into the room . jay quickly close the door and barricade it . Paul sit down on the floor next to jay 's nest of blanket and clothes . she sit alongside he , pull she t-shirt down as she stretch she leg across the blanket with little regard for modesty . her focus be singular - a melancholy have settle in she eye . they sit in silence together for a moment . yara 's snore quietly rattles from the mattress . jay it 's gonna be here sooner or later . Paul take a breath - he 's think about it . he speak in whisper . paul you could pass it on . jay shake she head . she will not . not again . paul you do once . jay I should not have . jay look ahead at the black dress sling over she chair . paul I could ... ( continued ) 125 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 125 jay look at Paul - direct eye contact . jay no. a moment pass . Paul stare at jay 's profile . she watch the window . paul I like you too , ya know . jay take a breath , fidget with she t-shirt . she know . paul why do you pick greg ? jay look down at she leg . she pull they closer to she chest - she tap she knee lightly . jay I think he would be ok . ( beat ) he be not scared . Paul listen . jay we sleep together in high school . it be not a big deal . Paul nod - not agree but feel the need to respond somehow . he lean in and start to kiss jay . she pull away immediately . Paul reach over and touch jay 's finger - extend just beyond the edge of the damp cast . she maintain she gaze on the window - with a soft sigh - exhaling tension . paul I wanna help you . Paul caress jay 's hand . she stare off - disconnect from he touch . jay do you ? paul yeah . I do . jay pull she hand away slowly . ( continued ) 125 126 91 . continued : ( 3 ) 125 Paul take a deep breath . he look around the dim room . it 's messy now . clothes be scattered . a dirty and tangle shirt hang from the hamper . a bra sit on the floor - half cover by a dirty tennis shoe . Kelly 's hand hang from the edge of the bed . jay crawl over to the window and peek out . she watch the street through the low hang branch of the tree as they sway . a kid ride past the house on he bike . greg 's front window be cover with plywood . there 's a police car park in he driveway . jay begin to cry - she 's give up . Paul watch she - crouch and scared at the window 's edge . he notice she underwear at the bottom of she taut shirt . the young man look away in frustration . a deep exhale . he hold he gaze against the far wall - notice a old photo tape to the mirror . it 's a picture of he and jay - young - stand together with wet hair and bathing suit by a old indoor pool . smiling - beer in hand . paul jay ? jay ( still stare out the window ) yeah ? paul do you trust I ? jay nod and turn to Paul - ready to hear . paul well ... do you remember where we be the first time we kiss ? jay nod yes . int . jay' car - late day 126 jay climb into the passenger seat - behind she we see yara and Kelly get into the back and put on they seat belt . Paul close the trunk and climb into the driver 's seat . outside , the neighbor boy be play ball in the front yard . they steal glance towards the car and jay . ( continued ) a * * % + eh 126 92 . continued : 126 kelly * you know where to go ? * paul * I know how to get there . mostly . kelly * alright . yara I have not be to the pool since I be 14 . paul * who bring you ? yara kick Paul 's seat - not smile . * paul * ok. Paul start the car and begin to back up . he throw he arm * over the passenger seat and guide the car backwards . Music play from the radio . as the car reverse , we see more and more of jay 's house - the roof be reveal . jay be look the opposite way . a old naked man be stand on the roof - look down at jay . no one see he . kelly that 's where I have my first beer . I throw up that whole night . yara into the pool ? kelly no. outside the car . paul and in the car . yara ewwww . Paul back up to the edge of the driveway - wait for car * to pass . kelly Paul use to pee in it . yara disgusting . ( continued ) 126 127 128 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 126 paul not really . whatever . there 's chlorine . jay glance back towards she house ... on the roof , she see the naked , wrinkle man with red hair stand on the edge - stare at she . he 's fully upright , shoulder out , stand on the roof . he do not move . he just watch she . jay hold she breath in fear . Paul pull into the street and put the car in drive . jay 's view shift as the car lurch around - ride the bump of the soft curb . Paul accelerate and guide the car down the street . jay turn away and stare ahead - tear in she eye . ext . jay' car - day 127 we speed along interstate 75 - go south . we see only the road racing towards we - scenery change . the hum of the car engine . deeper and deeper into the city we drive . pass exit sign for mile road . ducking under rotting overpass . Broken building wave from the edge of the expressway . gut plant momentarily block out the harsh sun . dangerous street and alleyway loom along they path . the camera slowly rotate around , point back through the front windshield - revealing Paul behind the wheel . jay sit in the passenger seat . Kelly and yara be in the back . the kid be solemn and quiet . the hum of the road be hypnotize - tiring . they sit in silence as they drive on . ext . detroit STREET - dusk 128 storefront , board house , rotting factory and empty lot fill the frame . jay 's car be park along a fence near a board store - front . we move through the poor neighborhood - slowly . ( continued ) 128 129 130 94 , continued : 128 jay and the girl follow Paul - look out at the half empty neighborhood . Paul carry a large duffle bag over he shoulder - a small television in hand . the girl have backpack . yara lug a old boom -box . yara when I be a little girl my parent tell I I be not allow to go south of 8 mile . I do not even understand what that mean . it be not until I get a little older that I realize that be where the city start and the suburb end . I start think how weird and shitty that be . I have to ask permission to go to the state fair with my best friend and she parent just because it be a few block past the border . jay my parent say the same thing to I . everything be bare - reveal in the fade sunlight . a few young man hang - out on the street . they watch the kid as they pass . a homeless man shuffles closer . ext . old pool build - night 129 small figure in the darkness , jay and she friend walk up to a large stone structure at the edge of a inner-city neighborhood . Paul pull open a loose window and begin to crawl inside . int . old pool build - night 130 the gang step into a large indoor pool room . a enormous and ornate ceiling frame the giant swim pool span the length of the building . it 's dark except for a few dim pool light and the glow from the upper story window . Water reflection cross jay 's face as she step to the poolside - kneel down along the tile in she short and t- shirt - bedclothes for a warm night . paul how long do you think it will be ? jay shake she head . ( continued ) * 130 131 132 132a 95 . continued : 130 jay I do not know . hour I bet . jay dip she hand into the water and look deeply through the wall of the room - beyond the water and the brick . paul it 's be a long time since we be here together . jay nod she head , splash the water gently . paul you kiss I right over there ... I think . jay be that how you remember it ? paul uh huh . jay raise she brow - a sad smile on she face . across the way , Kelly and yara stretch out in the shifting shadow of the pool . ext . CITY - night 131 rain cloud fill the skyline , change the nature of the moonlit city . int . old pool build - night 132 Paul pull household iron , curler and a radio from he duffle bag - roll of extension cord . jay empty she backpack onto the ground . yara place a small television near the edge of the pool . the girl string electrical cord across doorway , and under chair toward the water . plugging in tatter cord to dusty outlet . along the edge of the room , Paul dig through a utility closet - unearthing a old space heater . int . old pool build - night 132a extension cord stretch and snake across the tile floor - all lead to various small appliance place precariously along the edge of the pool . iron , curler , radio and a tv - all turn on . quiet static and heat . ( continued ) 132a 132b 133 133a 134 96 . continued : 132a jay sit , scan the area , wait for it . eye steady on the entrance . yara stand further back - arm cross - scuffing she shoe nervously along the ground . she look over at jay with sympathetic eye . Paul sit quietly . Kelly pace near the window . jay stare down at the ground , move she finger across the grout and the tile . they wait . omitted 132b ext . old pool build - night 133 we see the old building . static . quiet . Thunder rumble in the distance . lightn strike beyond the tree-line - small wiry line of light in the ink-washed sky . a few drop of rain begin to fall . Gentle on the concrete . calm like the sound of wave . int . old pool build - night 133a now wear she bathing suit - jay climb slowly down the ladder into the pool . adjusting to the feel of water in darkness . alone in this large body of water . her friend watch from the edge . the sound of rainfall on window - mix with the gentle slosh and tapping of pool water . lightn strike in the distance . a faint flash inside . jay stand alone in the center of the pool , look around at the flicker shadow along the wall . vulnerable . ext . old pool build - night 134 we see rain drop fall in a off-rhythm pattern against the metal fence . the door to the building be visible in the background . the rain begin to pour . pick up pace . rattling softly into the wild grass along the edge of the building . we see various angle of increase rainfall . 97 . 134a omitted 134a 135 omitted 135 136 int . old pool build - night 136 jay wait , alone in the pool - focus on the main entrance . everyone be silent . she listen to the sound of rain ... and the soft clatter of unseen machinery . Air duct and pool pump reverberate . jay scan the doorway - turn lightly within the water . watch . tense . shadows flicker along the wall . the reflection of water against stone . the camera pan across the giant space . the teenager pose like figure within a grander painting . position have shift minimally . Kelly sit near the pool 's edge - lean back on she hand - palm flat against the cold and wet tile . rain fall against one of the high window - through which outside light enter - create descend drop of shadow across the room . Paul lean against the side wall - watch - rub he injure side casually over he t-shirt . across the way , yara rest in one of the metal fold chair , chew on licorice - a foot tuck under a leg . Kelly look to she sister , alone in the pool as she turn and pivot . see she older sister - afraid in this dark room - Kelly try to hold in she sadness . position behind Kelly , we watch jay from a distance as she stare into the emptiness - wait for something to enter . jay ( quietly ) oh my God . jay look like she 's about to cry . she see something terrible , although the area appear empty . jay it just walk into the room . it 's right there . jay point over to the entrance . we see nothing . ( continued ) 136 98 . continued : 136 paul it 's here ? jay right there ! jay point again . her voice pitch awkwardly . she start to cry . holding still , we watch the scene from behind Kelly 's shoulder . kelly jay ... what ... do you see ? jay just stare ahead , see something we do not . jay I do not wanna tell you . paul jay , I need you to point at it . keep you finger aim at it so we can see where it be . in a single wide shot - jay lift she leave hand and aim it across the room - tracking the thing . paul be it get into the water ? jay no . it 's just stand there - look at I . Kelly look to Paul - concerned . paul ok ... um ... jay it 's move . jay turn slowly , she arm stretch out , point at the invisible thing . - tracking with it around the far corner of the pool . yara ( frighten ) what 's it do ? jay walk . walk closer . ( continued ) 136 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 136 jay continue to pivot in the water , step back from the edge nearest she invisible pursuer . creating distance . as jay point along the pool 's side , yara step back cautiously , bump into some chair - move away from it 's path . jay Paul , I wanna get out . paul just wait . give it a minute . jay no , I do not wanna do this . I just wanna get out of the water . suddenly a metal fold - chair rise six foot in the air . it move back and then fly into the pool with force - straight at jay . splash ! kelly jay ! jay jump to the side , avoid the chair as it sink to the bottom . * Water swirl around we as we surface . jay splashes and lift she head for air . she see a nearly - naked middle - aged man with salt and pepper hair walk along the perimeter of the pool . he 's stare at she , wear nothing but underwear . the man grab another chair and throw it at jay . she dive to the side and dodge it . falling deeper into the water . cough and gasp . jay help ! Paul , Kelly and yara circle the pool , reach out for jay - wave for she to swim in they direction . scream - shouting . jay rush toward the edge . it throw another chair at she - * strike she in the shoulder - cause she to fall below the * water . * kelly no ! jay surface , hold herself in pain . * ( continued ) 136 100 . continued : ( 3 ) 136 she see the man pick up a small television - still connect to the outlet by a extension cord . he prepare to throw it - offer she a odd smile . jay brace herself for a shock , cover she face from the projectile . the tv fly through the air - hurl recklessly . kelly jay !!!! the tv miss jay , but splashes down nearby - pull with it the slack from the orange extension cord . the outside light flicker , but there be no spark . no smoke . jay be ok . she look back , realize she 's still alive and breathe . kelly you ok ? jay yeah . yara ( smile with relief ) it do not work . kelly thank godddd . paul ( to jay ) ) just keep point at it ! jay paddle , point at the man while cry - try to catch she breath . yara and Kelly hover in the background , scream and shouting for information . kelly where be it ?! Paul clumsily pull the pistol from he bag , and run in the direction that jay 's point . he aim the gun along the edge of the pool walkway . we see no monster . no strange man . a old set of pink electric curler fly into the water - kick by something unseen . splash ! ! Paul fire in the general direction of the curler - take a guess . bang ! ! ( continued ) 136 101 . continued : ( 4 ) 136 jay you miss it ! paul where be it ? for a instant we see it from jay 's Pov . the man stare at she , but swing he hand out at Paul , reach for he with a violent shake and tremor . jay watch out ! do not get too close . the man throw another old appliance into the water , straight at jay . it miss she as the cord drop below the surface . yara circle , keep she distance from the approach it . Paul move back and try to aim . once more , we see thing from he Pov : jay madly point she finger from within the water . jay it 's there ! Paul fire again . across the pool , the bullet slice into yara 's leg . yara abhbh . yara fall onto the ground - unnotice by everyone . jay no! it ... miss ! paul where ?! here ?! here ? jay no ! right there ! jay swing she hand , try to direct the weapon by proxy . Paul try to slowly adjust the direction of he gun . the man grab a household iron from the edge of the pool . Paul fire . yara scream in fright . bang ! jay see the shot connect with the man 's leave thumb and index finger - sever they . the flesh fly off and drop into the pool . blood spout . ( continued ) 136 102 . continued : ( 5 ) 136 Kelly pull a old bed - sheet from she backpack . gaudy color , swirl rose and a few large stain . she unfold the sheet , whipping it across the air . as it drift down , a stain be visible across the center . with he right hand , the man hurl the iron into the water - hit jay 's side below the surface . she crumple . * Paul try to find a target . * paul where be it ?! move along the pool 's edge , Kelly flag the sheet outward , let it drift . it catch on something . she let go and drop it down . the sheet collect over the move figure of a man - revealing the thing walk amongst they . a person under a old wear sheet . yara gasp at the sight of it - shuffle past she . Paul try to steady he aim . he fire at it . bang ! jay watch as a shot slice through the man 's head - cover by the old sheet . the bullet emerge from the other side . blood spray like vapor - constant and strong . the impact cause the man to stumble forward . the geyser of blood from he head tip with he . he fall into the pool - no emotion - no pain . splash !!! * the sheet spread along the surface , drop down at the edge - waterlogged . jay quickly wade through the water toward Paul , Kelly and yara - hand outstretch at the side of the pool . almost there ... something pull jay below the surface . underwater - a hand be grasp tightly around jay 's ankle . she kick and fight . gasp for air ... there 's only water ... jay thrashes and struggle . snake extension cord - orange , white and brown - lead down into the depth of the water - anchore by small domestic appliance - a toaster , a television , iron , curler and metal chair - dotting the bottom - littering the pool . + eh ( continued ) 136 103 . continued : ( 6 ) 136 Kelly and Paul 's Pov - they watch as jay be pull deeper underwater - kick and fight against nothing . yara wail loudly nearby . Paul raise the gun toward the water . jay 's Pov - jay continue to struggle underwater . the man hold she tightly by the ankle . we watch from a distance , the debris of appliance and wire frame they fight . a bullet trail form through the water , zipping past jay and the man . then another . a third trail strike the man in the back , release a large swirl of blood . he let 's go of jay and she swim upward . Paul and Kelly pull jay from the water , drag she onto the ground . cough and choke , she crawl further along the tile - in terrible pain . her ankle be cover in a red rash . jay sit , soaking wet , on the floor , clutching she ankle - she cast hang limp to she side . a moment of silence . cough and cry . Kelly hold tightly to yara 's bleed leg . we hear the rain on the window and some thunder clap above . Paul look down into the clear pool water - see only the extension cord and household object . we do not see the it nor its blood . paul jay , do you see it ? be it still down there ? jay peer over the edge . we watch from above as jay stare down into the pool . instead of water , we see only deep red blood . everything below the surface be obscure by the dense liquid . a pool of blood . as jay stare in horror , we hear a cacophony of sound - screech and siren - laughter and grunt - a birthing scream - child yell - she mother 's laughter ... 136a omitted 136a 140 140 a 104 . int . paul' basement rec room - night 140 a chair be propped against the door . jay and Paul be lay on the couch - a old blanket cover they body . jay look into he eye and wait for a sign . he nod he head with love and anticipation . jay move on top of he - sit up , pull the blanket over herself . they fumble underneath and begin to make love . Paul nervously touch she face . stare up lovingly . she kiss he - hold she cast to she side . they stare into each other eye . for the first time they be think only of each other . a moment of connection through the physical . rain against the basement window . they move slowly with pleasure . jay I feel like I be hurt you . Paul look up at she . paul you be not . jay nod and continue . she push harder against he - exhaling - smile down at he . Paul stare at jay 's face . we watch from across the room now . the quiet basement . a thunderstorm outside . the young lover on a old couch . int . paul' basement rec room - night 140 a wrapped in the blanket , hold each other , jay and Paul rest . face close together . whisper . paul do you feel any different ? jay shake she head . no . jay do you ? ( continued ) 105 . 140a continued : 140a 137 142 138 paul no . jay kiss Paul . int . jay' bedroom - night 137 jay lay under she sheet - a cartoon bandaid across she temple - a new cast on she arm . Mrs. height sit on the edge of the bed , rub she back . softly . on the dresser , we see a glass of wine and a old family portrait . jay be a young girl . Kelly be a baby . they mother , young and pretty smile alongside jay 's father , a middle - age man with salt and pepper hair . he grin happily into the camera . his smile be identical to the one he offer jay at the pool . int . paul be car - dusk 142 Paul drive through a run-down neighborhood within the inner city . he stare at a row of prostitute . tight skirt . revealing top . they eye he . Paul watch they as he pass . the woman appear to move in slow motion . int . hospital - day 138 jay sit across from Paul in yara 's hospital room . he lay back in a chair - eye close and napping . yara be eat in bed , as she read something from she phone . yara ( vead with food in she mouth ) '' when there be torture there be pain and wound , physical agony , and all this distract the mind from mental suffer , so that one be torment only by the wound until the moment of death . " yara pause to take a sip of milk through a straw - noisily she slurp . ( continued ) 138 139 141 141a 143 144 145 106 . continued : 138 yara ( take a bite of food ) '' the most terrible agony may not be in the wound themselves but in know for certain that within a hour , then within ten minute , then within half a minute , now at this very instant - you soul will leave you body and you will no longer be a person , and that this be certain ; the worst thing be that it be certain . " jay look at Paul 's handsome face . she tilt she head a bit - watch the young man at rest . yara take another large bite of food . omitted 139 omitted 141 int . old pool build - day 141a several group of inner-city child laugh and play in the clean water of the old pool . the rumble of the sound - track suggest something ominous . ext . suburban STREET - dawn 143 Beyond the barren tree of the middle - class suburban neighborhood , the concrete tower of a nuclear power plant be visible in the distance . smoke rise . ext . park - night 144 Blue light from distant lamp shine a cold glow over the empty park . the tree be now barren . ext . suburban STREET - day 145 Dead but colorful leave cover the ground . we move forward along the sidewalk . up ahead , a man rake he front yard . a few child build a fort out of the fall leave . line of red and orange across the grass . jay and Paul hold hand as they walk together through the neighborhood . the cast be go . Far behind they , a teenager in a coat march slowly along the edge of the road . jay smile to Paul and he smile back . they stare out at the autumnal suburbia - pretty and clean .