it happened one night written by Robert previous hit riskin base on a story by Samuel hopkins Adams the harbor at Miami Beach fade in , provide quick view of yacht , aquaplane , and luxurious ship - craft lie at anchor in the calm , tranquil water of tropical Florida . this dissolves to the name plate on the side of a yacht , read " elspeth ii , " and this in turn to a yacht corridor where a steward be stand in front of a cabin door , near a small collapsible table upon which there be a tray of steaming food . he lift lid and examine the content . a heavy - set sailor stand guard near the cabin door . [ 1 ] steward Fine ! Fine ! she ought to like this . ( to the guard ) open the door . guard ( without move ) who 's gonna take it in to she ? you ? steward oh , no . ( turn ) mullison ! come on ! the view widen to include mullison , a waiter . his eye be decorate with a " shiner . " mullison not I , sir . she throw a ketchup bottle at I this morning . steward well , order be order ! somebody 's gotta take it in . ( he turn to someone else ) frederick ! the view move to another waiter , who have a patch of bandage on he face . fredericks before I bring she another meal , I will be put off the ship first . steward voice henri ! the view move over to a frenchman . henri ( vehemently ) no , monsieur . when I leave the ritz you do not say I have to wait on crazy woman . the view move back to include the steward and the other group around he . another waiter ( a cockney ) my wife be a angel compare to this one , sir . and I walk out on she . ? 208 ? guard ( impatiently ) come on ! make up you mind ! a petty officer approach . he be bluster and officious , but the type that be feeble and ineffective . his name be lacey . lacey ( talk quickly—staccato ) what 's up ? what 's up ? there be a fairly close picture of the group feature lacey and the steward . steward this pig ! they be afraid to take she food in . lacey that 's ridiculous ! afraid of a mere girl ! ( he wheel on the steward ) why do not you do it yourself ? steward ( more afraid than the othersustammering ) why '' i—well , I never think about— lacey ( shove he aside ) I never hear of such a thing ! afraid of a mere girl . ( move to the tray ) I will take it in myself . they all stand around and watch he , much relieved . he pick up the tray and start toward the door of the cabin . lacey ( as he walksutter ) can not get a thing do unless you do it yourself . ( as he approach the door ) open the door . we see he at the cabin door as the guard quickly and gingerly unlock it . lacey afraid of a mere girl ! ridiculous . lacey stalk in bravely , the tray hold majestically in front of he , while the steward and waiter form a circle around the door , wait expectantly . there be a short pause , follow which lacey come hurl out backwards and land on he back , the tray of food scatter all over he . the steward quickly bang the door shut and turn the key as the waiter stare silently . the scene dissolves to the MAIN deck of the yacht , first afford a close view of a pair of well - shod masculine foot , as they pace agitatedly back and forth . then as the scene draw back , the possessor of the pace foot be discover to be Alexander andrew , immaculately groom in yachting clothes . in front of he stand a uniform Captain , but andrew , brow wrinkle , deep in think , continue he pace . ? 209 ? andrews ( murmure to himself ) on a hunger strike , huh ? ( a grunt ) when would she eat last ? captain she have not have a thing yesterday—or today . andrews be send she meal in regularly ? captain yessir . she refuse they all . andrews ( snappily ) why do not you jam it down she throat ? captain it 's not quite that simple . ( he shake he head ) I have deal with prisoner in my time , but this one— andrews absurd ! ( mutter ) all this fuss over a snip of a girl . ( suddenly ) I be go down to see she myself . he leave with determination , follow by the Captain , and both be then see walk in the direction of the cabin , andrew grim . captain this be dangerous business , Mr. andrew . after all , kidnap be no child 's play . but andrew ignore he and merely stare grimly forward . they arrive in front of the cabin door , where lacey be brush himself off , and where a couple of waiter be pick up the last piece of the break dish . andrews what 's this ! what 's happen here ? lacey ( pathetically ) she refuse another meal , sir . andrews get another tray ready . bring it here at once . ( to the guard ) open the door . the Guard unlock the door and andrew enter . then we get a view of the cabin at the door , as andrew enter and close the door behind he . he look around and he eye light on he prisoner , follow which the view swing over to ellie , a beautiful girl in she early twenty . at the moment , she hold a small vase over she head ready to heave it , and she eye flash angrily . at sight of she new visitor , however , she lower the vase and set it on a small table . ? 210 ? ellie what do you want ? andrew do not stir from the door . andrews what 's this about not eat ? ellie ( sit ) I do not want to eat ! ( raise she voice ) and there 's one more thing I do not want ! definitely ! that 's to see you . she light a cigarette . andrew watch she a moment . andrews know what my next move be ? no more cigarettes . ellie why do not you put I in chain ? andrews I might . ellie ( now see at close range ) all right ! put I in chain ! do anything you want ! but I be not go to eat a thing until you let I off this boat ! she stare petulantly out at the blue sky , but andrew come over and sit beside she . andrews ( tenderly ) come on , ellie . stop be silly . you know I be go to have my way . ellie ( move away ) I will not stand for it ! I will not stand for you run my life ! why do you insist on it ! andrews ( still tender ) you ought to know why . because— ellie ( interrupt ) yes . I know . ( she 's hear it a million time ) because I be you daughter and you love I . because you do not want I to make any mistake . because '' andrews ( join in ) because marrying that fool King westley be '' ? 211 ? ellie ( snappily ) you be waste you time . I be already marry to he . andrews ( sharply ) not so far as I be concerned , you be not . ( they be interrupt by a knock at the door ) andrews yes ? the door open and several waiter parade in with trays of steaming food . ellie ( start for they ; threateningly ) how many time have I tell you not to bring any food in here . the waiter back up , frighten , but andrew save they . andrews wait a minute ! do not get excited ! this be not for you . ( to the waiter ) put it right here . ellie glare at she father , and wander over to the window seat , while the waiter occupy themselves set the table . andrew putter around the food , lift the lid from which tempting aromas emanate . he shut he eye , murmure " ooh " and " ah . " a close - up of ellie show she , too , drink in the invite aromas ; and for a moment she weaken . a close view of andrews show he glance toward ellie to see she reaction ; whereupon ellie 's face ( again appear in a close - up ) freeze . then andrew and the waiter come into view . first waiter anything else , monsieur ? andrews no. everything seem quite satisfactory . I may want some more of that delicious gravy . I will ring . waiter very good , monsieur . the waiter bow they way out as andrew peck at the food . andrews ( make cluck noise ) heavenly ! now ellie appear in the foreground , with andrew at the table in the background . ellie ( disdainfully ) smart , be not you ! so subtle . ? 212 ? andrews ( chew on a mouthful of food ) if Gandhi have a chef like Paul , it would change the whole political situation in India . ellie you can not tempt I . ( shouting unnecessarily ) do you hear ? I will not eat ! andrews ( quietly ) please . I can not fight on a empty stomach . remember what napoleon say . ellie I hope you be not compare yourself to napoleon . he be a strategist . you idea of strategy be to use a lead pipe . andrew eat silently while ellie rant at he , walk around and puffing vigorously on she cigarette . ellie ( mutter ) most humiliate thing ever happen to I . ( shudder ) a bunch of gorilla shove I in a car ! that crowd outside the justice of the peace—must have think I be a criminal—or something . a close view of andrews intercut with part of ellie 's speech . at the end of she speech he smack he lip , enjoy the food with too great a relish . then the two be see together . ellie ( after a pause—strongly ) where be you take I ? andrews ( carelessly ) South America . ellie ( aghast ) South America ! andrews we leave Miami in a hour . soon 's we get some supplies aboard . ellie ( threateningly ) you will have a corpse on you hand ! that what you will have . I will not eat a thing while I be on this boat . andrews ( butter bread ) in that event , we will not need so many supplies . ? 213 ? ellie ( exasperate ) what do you expect to accomplish by all this ? I be already marry ! andrews I will get it annull . ellie you will never do it ! you can not do it ! andrews ( now see close as he speak between snatch of food ) I will do it if it take every penny I have get . I will do it if I have to bribe that musical comedy justice of the peace ! I will do it—if I have to prove that you be drag in , staggering drunk . you probably be . ( he smack he lip ) mmm—mmm . this filet mignon be divine ! ellie ( see with she father ) what have you get against King westley ? andrews nothing much . I just think he 's a fake , that 's all . ellie you only meet he once . andrews that be enough . do you mind hand I the ketchup ? ellie you talk as if he be a gigolo—or something . andrews ( rising—reaching for ketchup ) never mind '' I will get it myself . ( he fall back in he chair ) gigolo ? why , you take the word right out of my mouth . thanks . ellie ( see closer now , with andrew ) he 's one of the best flier in the country . right now he 's plan a trip to Japan . andrews you be go to finance he , I suppose . ellie why not ? look what he 's do for aviation . it take courage to do what he do . and character ! at least he 's accomplish something worthwhile . I suppose you would like to have I marry a business man . well , I hate business men—particularly if you be a shine example . ? 214 ? he grin , not at all offended , know she do not mean it . ellie you whole life be devote to just one thing . to accumulate more money . at least there 's romance in what he 's do . andrews ( unequivocally ) he 's no good , ellie , and you know it . you marry he only because I tell you not to . ellie ( strongly ) you have be tell I what not to do since I be old enough to remember . ( scream ) I be sick of it ! and as andrew ignore she , she start move around the table toward he . '' next she appear sit on the edge of andrew ' chair , and she throw she arm around he shoulder . ellie ( plead sweetly ) aw , listen , dad . let 's not fight like this any more . I know you be worried about me—and want I to be happy . and I love you for it . but please try to understand . you be not be fair , darling . this be not just a crazy impulse of mine . King and I talk about it a lot before we decide to get marry . look—why can not we give it a trial—let 's say—for a year or so . if it 's wrong , King and I will be the first to know it . we can get a divorce , can not we ? now , be a dear , and let I off the boat . keeping I prisoner like this be so silly . andrew have be listen silently throughout the speech , give no indication of he feeling in the matter . andrews ( unimpress ) you will be set free when the marriage be annull . a close - up of ellie , she eye blaze angrily , show she slowly edging away from she father , while he continue . andrews ' voice ( carelessly ) so there 's no use be a stubborn idiot . ellie ( hiss ) I come from a long line of stubborn idiot ! andrews ( again see with she ; calmly ) a time will come when you will thank I for this . ellie ( wildly ) I will not thank you ! I will never thank you ! ? 215 ? andrews please do not shout . ellie I will shout to my heart 's content ! I will scream if I want to . andrews ( reach for it ) ah ! coconut layer cake . Nice and gooey , too . just the way I like it . he be about to insert the first bite in he mouth when ellie , she temper vanish completely , overturn the small serve table , dump its content into she father 's lap . the movement be so unexpected that andrew , the fork still suspend near he mouth , stare at she stupefy . then realize what she have do , he eye flash in anger . drop he fork , he rise and go over to she , while she stand face he defiantly . without a word or warning , he slap she a sting blow across the cheek . for a moment she do not stir , she eye widen in surprise , and stare at he unbelievingly . then turn abruptly she bolt out of the door . andrew remain motionless , he eye shutting painfully ; it be the first time he have strike she , and it hurt . andrews ( call ) ellie ! ( and he start for the door ) next on the deck , at the open cabin door , andrew be see , stare off at something and a amaze , frighten look come into he eye . then , as view from he position at the cabin door , ellie appear stand on the rail ; and with a professional dive , she leap into the water . a full view of the deck reveal the crew and the officer scurrying around , several of they shouting : " somebody overboard ! " andrews it 's my daughter ! go after she . captain ( shouting ) lower the boat ! General excitement reign ; several of the crew dive into the water ; other release the boat line . follow this ellie be see swim furiously against the giant wave . next she appear as a small speck in the distance , while half a dozen of the crew be swim in pursuit . at the side of the yacht one of the boat have already be lower , and two man jump in and grab the oar . the man seem to be gain on ellie . in the distance several small motor boat be anchore , and over the side of the boat they owner be fishing . ellie seem to be head in they direction . one of the motor boat appear closer . a middle - age man sit on the stern , hold lazily to he line , he foot dangle in the water as the boat be toss around by the turbulent wave . ellie be then again see swim . she look back , and the next scene show the man row toward she , and gain on she . thereupon we see ellie ducking under the water . ? 216 ? the middle - age fisherman be suddenly startle by ellie 's face which appear from under water , right between he leg . ellie put she finger up to she lip , warning he to shush , and he be too dumb-founded to say anything . as the pursue boat come near , ellie duck under the water again and the boat scoot right by the fisherman . then ellie 's head bob up ; she peer ahead of she , and see that she pursuer have pass she , she smile victoriously . ellie ( to the fisherman ) thanks . ( and she start swim toward shore ) the scene dissolves to the deck of the yacht as ellie 's pursuer clamber aboard , andrew wait for they . a man sorry , sir . she get away . andrews ( disappointed but proud ) of course she get away—too smart for you . captain what a hell cat . no control this modern girl . ( murmure ) they be terrible ! andrews ( resentfully ) terrible ! nothing terrible about she . she 's great ! marvelous youngster ! get a mind of she own . know just what she want . ( smile ) she 's not go to get it though . she will not get very far . have no money . captain what about that diamond wrist watch she have on—she can raise some money on that ? andrews ( he face fall ) Holy smoke ! I forget all about that . ( to the officer by he side ) send a wireless at once , " lovington detective Agency . daughter escape again . watch all roads—all transport and railroad station in Miami . have you New York office keep tabs on King westley . intercept all message . want she back at all cost ! " officer yessir . the view draw in to afford a close - up of andrews stare out at the sea , he face wreathe in a broad smile ; then this fade out . part two the railroad station of a active terminal in Miami fade in . the view move down to the entrance gate to the train , passenger hur - ? 217 ? rying through it ; then pick out two man , obviously detective , who have they eye peel on everyone pass through . then the view afford a glimpse of ellie , who stand watch the detective . this scene wiping off , we see a AIR transport , with several plane tuning up in the background . as passenger file through , several detective stand around in a watchful pose . this scene wiping off , the front of a western union office come into view . several people walk in and out . at the side of the door , two detective be on the lookout . this scene also wipe off , revealing the waiting room of a bus station . over the ticket window there be a sign read " buy bus ticket here , " and a line form in front of it . here too there be two detective . first detective we be wastin ' we time . can you picture ellie andrew ridin ' on a bus ? second detective I tell the old man it be the bunk . the view move from they to ellie , who stand behind a post and be watch the two detective apprehensively . as the two ( view from she position ) stand by the ticket window , one of they turn toward she . thereupon , we see she slip behind a post , conceal herself . just then a little old lady approach she . old lady here 's you ticket , mar 'am . ellie oh , thank you . thank you very much . ( she take the ticket and change from the old lady , and hand she a bill ) here . old lady oh , thank you . thank you . ellie when do the bus leave ? old lady in about fifteen minute . ellie thank you . she pick up a small overnight bag from the floor and hurry away . she cross to the entrance of the wait room and disappear through the door . the view then wing over to a telephone booth near the entrance . cluster around the booth be half a dozen man of varied appearance . the inside of the booth be light , and a young man , Peter warne , wave he hand wildly as he shout into the phone , although it be impossible to hear what he be say . a close inspection of the man surround the booth ( the scene contracting to a close view ) reveal they as be slightly and happily intoxicate . a short man approach the door of the booth . ? 218 ? shorty hey , what 's go on here ? I would like to use that phone . first man ( a reporter ) shh ! quiet . this be history in the make . shorty what ? first man there 's a man bite a dog in there . second man ( drunker than the rest ) atta-boy , petey , old boy ! atta-boy !— peter' voice I be not go to stand for this any longer . in a pig 's eye , you will !— group be that so ? that 's tell he , petey old boy . a close view of peter warne in the telephone booth give evidence of he have also imbibe freely . peter ( shouting into the phone ) listen , monkey - face—when you fire I , you fire the best newshound you filthy scandal sheet ever have . and the scene cut to a New York newspaper office where the night editor , Gordon , he sleeve roll up , sit at he desk shriek into the phone . gordon say , listen , you would not know a story if it reach up and kick you in the pants . ( listen ) yeah ? sure , sure , I get you copy . why do not you tell I you be go to write it in Greek ? I would start a new department . peter ( again see close at the phone ) that be free verse , you gashouse palooka ! gordon ( at the phone in the newspaper office ) free verse , huh ? ( shouting ) what the dicken be free about it ? it cost this paper a gob of dough . well , I be here to tell you , it 's not gonna cost we any more . ? 219 ? peter ( in he phone booth ) that 's okay by I ! ' Cause as far as I be concerned , I be through with newspaper ! see ? I be through with stupidity ! I will never write another newspaper story , for you or anybody else , if I have to starve . ( after a pause ) yeah ? what about my novel ! when I get through with that '' gordon ( in he office ) when you get through with that , I will have a beard down to my ankle . ( at this point , Gordon 's secretary enter ) secretary Mr. gordon— gordon ( look up ) huh ? secretary do you know he reverse the charge on that call ? gordon what ! ( into the phone ) say , listen you ! when you get back to New York , take my advice and stay f-a -r away from this office—unless you do not care what happen to that funny map of yours . ( he bang down the receiver viciously and glower at the phone ) in the phone booth Peter react to the phone be hang up on he . but he go right on for the benefit of the boy . peter ( into the dead phone ) oh , so you be change you tune , eh ? well , it 's about time . but it 's go to do you no good , my tough friend . it 's a little too late for apology . I would not go back to work for you if you begge I on you hand and knee ! I hope this be a lesson to you ! he snap up the receiver with a great pretense of outrage pride , follow which the view expands to include he public . men atta-boy , Peter . that 's tell he , Peter . the gang be full of admiration for the courageous way he talk to the boss as Peter stagger out of the booth . peter give I any of he lip , will he ? huh ! I guess he know now what I think of he job ! ( expansively ) be my chariot ready ? ? 220 ? first man you chariot awaiteth withouteth , oh mighty King . men make way for the King . Long live the King . make way . with head hold high , he strut majestically out of sight , follow by he admirer , follow which the scene dissolves to the bus station . his inebriated admirer stand around the entrance to a bus , while Peter stand on the step , he suitcase in he hand . peter ( make a grand speech ) that 's right , my friend . cling to you job ! remain slave the rest of you life ! scum of the earth ! newspaper man ! not I ! when I be bask in the glorious arm of the muse—what will you be do ? Chasing news . you miserable worm . for what ? a mere pittance ! my heart go out to you . ( with arm extend and in tremolo voice ) good-bye . ( and with this he turn he back and enter the bus ) men ( in the same spirit ) Goodbye , oh mighty King ! peace be with you , courageous one ! announcer's voice all aboard . Philadelphia , New York . all aboard . group look out . get back . farewell . farewell . peter scram . the scene cut to the interior of the bus as view from the front , the view move forward , pass the conglomerate of unprepossessing human being who occupy the seat . every space be take and the occupant seem hot and uncomfortable , which add to they uninvite appearance . mother cling to cry baby . a swedish farm hand and he young wife be already busy open they basket of food prepare for the long journey . a surly -look hoodlum travel alone be slump in he seat , he cap draw carelessly over he eye . the move view pass this and other character until it reach one unoccupy seat in the car , unoccupy except for several bundle of newspaper . stand before the seat be Peter , he suitcase in he hand , speculate as to what disposition to make of the newspaper . peter ( call ) hey , driver ! how about clear this stuff away ! several passenger ( see from he position in the back ) crane they neck to scrutinize the intruder . through a glass partition the driver can be see receive he last minute instruction from a superintendent , who stand on the run board , they voice in - ? 221 ? distinguishable . in answer to Peter 's request , the driver glance back indifferently , and continue talk to the superintendent . a close view of peter show he arching he eyebrow , a amused acknowledgment of the disdainful attitude of the driver . he drop he suitcase and start forward . then we see he arrive at the glass partition , and Peter tap playfully on the pane with he finger - nail , whereupon the driver turn and pull the window down a few inch . driver ( annoyed ) whadda you want ! peter ( pleasantly ) if you will be good enough to remove that newspaper I will have a seat . driver ( irritably ) okay ! okay ! keep you shirt on , young feller . ( with which remark the driver turn away from he ) peter ( look at the back of the driver 's neck for a moment , then confidentially ) just between you and I , I never intend take it off . he wheel around uncertainly and swagger jauntily down the aisle toward the empty seat . en route he bestow genial smile upon several of he disgruntled fellow passenger , and he stop in front of a robust lady who at the moment be breastfeed she baby while a light cigarette dangle from she lip . peter personally , I be raise on a bottle . ( as the woman look up at he , perplex ) when I be a baby , I insisted on it . you know why ? ( as the woman stare up stupidly ) I never like the idea of get cigarette ash in my eye . he move forward , leave the woman unable to make head or tail of it ; and assume that he 's crazy , she shrug she shoulder and turn she attention to the baby . now peter arrive at he seat , and whistling softly , raise the window . unhurriedly , he pick the newspaper bundle up one by one and fling they out of the window . they hit the sidewalk below with a dull thud . thereupon a close view of the driver show he reacting violently to Peter 's unprecedented cheek , and start down from he seat . peter have now clear the seat of all the newspaper bundle and still whistling he favorite melody , he pick up he suitcase preparatory to place it in the rack overhead . at this point , the driver enter the side door of the bus . driver ( pugnaciously ) hey , wait a minute ! ? 222 ? Peter , he arm hold the suitcase over he head , turn and glance at the driver , a quizzical look in he eye . driver ( come forward ) what do you think you be do ! peter ( turn ) huh ? driver ( bellow ) the papers ! the papers ! whadda you mean throwin ' them out ! peter oh— the papers— he slowly lower he arm and deposit the suitcase on the floor . peter ( now see close , with the Driver ) that 's a long story , my friend . you see , I do not like sit on newspaper . I do once and all the headline come off on my white pants . driver hey , whadda you tryin ' to do—kid I ? peter oh , I would not kid you . on the level , it actually happen . nobody buy a paper that day . they follow I all over town and read the news from the seat of my pants . driver what be you gonna do about the papers ? somebody 's gotta pick them up . peter ( turn to he suitcase ) it 's okay with I . I be not argue . driver ( pugnaciously ) Fresh guy , huh ! what you need be a good sock on the nose . peter ( turn back to he ) look here , partner . you may not like my nose . but I do . it 's a good nose . the only one I have get . I always keep it out in the open where anybody can take a sock at it . if you decide to do it , make sure you do not miss . during he speech , ellie enter from the rear and plunk herself into Peter 's seat . unseen by Peter , she place she small bag beside she . ? 223 ? driver ( answer Peter ; weakly ) oh , yeah ? peter now , that 's a brilliant answer . why do not I think of it ? we conversation could have be over long ago . driver oh , yeah ? peter ( exhaust ) you win ! smiling , he turn to sit down . but the smile die on he face when he find he place occupy by ellie , who stare out the window . peter ( now at close range , with ellie ) Excuse I , lady '' ( slowly ) '' but that upon which you sit—is mine . ellie glance up at him—then down at she buttock . ellie ( eye flash ) I beg you pardon ! peter now , listen . I be in a very ugly mood . I put up a stiff battle for that seat . so if it 's just the same to you '' ( gesture with thumb ) scram . ellie ( ignore himucall ) Driver ! the driver , who have stop to witness this new altercation , return . ellie be that seat reserve ? driver ( pleased to discomfort Peter ) no . first come , first serve . ellie ( dismiss the whole thing ) thank you . ( Peter , thwart for a moment , just glare at she ) peter ( also call ) Driver ! driver yeah ? ? 224 ? peter this seat accommodate two passenger , do not they ? driver ( hat to give in ) maybe they do—and maybe they do not . Peter lift ellie 's overnight bag off the seat and drop it on the floor . part of she coat cover the small space by she side . this he sweep across she lap . peter move over , lady . this be a " maybe they do . " he plop into the seat , the other passenger around they heaving a sigh of relief . ellie flash he a devastating look and deliberately turn she back on he . but Peter suddenly look down toward the floor , follow which a close - up at there feet reveal that ellie 's bag on the floor annoys Peter . with he foot he slowly move it over to she , and ellie 's foot be see push it back , whereupon Peter viciously kick it over to she side again . next we see ellie glaring at he , pick up she bag , and stand on the seat deposit it on the rack overhead . but just then the bus start forward with a lurch which unbalance she , and she fall backward right in Peter 's lap . they nose almost touch . they eye meet , and they glare at each other hostilely . ellie quickly scramble off and get back in she seat , turn she back on he . peter ( amused ) next time you drop in , bring you folk . this dissolves to a country road , and the bus sway perilously as it speed through the night , follow which the view dissolves to the interior of the bus , revealing Peter slump in he seat , he hat draw over he eye . ellie have she head throw back , try to sleep . but the sway bus cause she head to roll from side to side uncomfortably , and finally she give up . ellie ( a order ) tell that man not to drive so fast . ( at which Peter just cock he head slightly ) peter be you talk to I ? ellie yes . tell that man to drive slowly . Peter stare at she a moment , resent she officious manner . peter ( pleasantly ) okay . and much to she surprise , he sigh deeply and relax to he former position , shutting he eye . she glare at he crushingly . the scene dissolves to another view of the bus , disclose the driver , and suddenly the bus come to a stop . ? 225 ? driver ( stick he head in to face the passenger ) Rest station ! ten minute ! the view draw back as some of the passenger rise . the man stretch they leg , and the woman straighten out they skirt . a close view of Peter and ellie then show she rise . Peter accommodatingly shove he foot aside for she to pass , and ellie start up the aisle . but she suddenly stop ; look back , first at she bag and then at Peter ; decide to take she bag with she , and return to take it . she reach for it on the rack , Peter watch she , amused . the scene dissolves to the outside of the rest station with several passenger walk briskly back and forth . the place be dimly light by one or two lamp -post , and Peter can be see lean against one of this post , smoking a cigarette . the scene move in , a close view of Peter show he steal a glance in the direction of ellie . and a view , from he angle , reveal ellie in the shadow of the bus , she bag at she foot . she slowly turn she head toward Peter and then quickly avert it . peter ( see close ) speculate about she . he glance around the place , and the scene move about , follow he gaze . it take in the other passenger , all obviously poor and unculture . the move view reach ellie . the contrast be perceptible . thereupon , we see Peter reacting with comprehension : no doubt about it ! she do not belong with this passenger . then suddenly he see something which startles he , and we see what it be : directly in back of she , the young hoodlum passenger slyly lift she overnight bag from the ground and start run with it . ellie be oblivious of he action . peter spring forward . ellie see Peter come toward she and be perceptibly startle . but Peter whizze by she , and this amaze she even more . she shrug she shoulder , perplex , and resume she smoking . in a few second Peter return , puffing breathlessly . peter he get away . I suddenly find myself in the middle of the brush and not a sign of the skunk . ellie ( see close with peter ) do not know what he 's talk about . she look at he , puzzle . ellie I do not know what you be rave about , young man . and , furthermore , I be not interested . peter ( take aback ) well—of all the—well '' ( hard ) maybe you will be interested to know you bag 's go . at this , ellie wheel around and stare at the spot where she bag have be . ellie oh , my heaven ! it 's go ! ? 226 ? peter ( sarcastically ) yeah . I know you would catch on eventually . ellie what happen ? peter that cadaverous - look yeg g [ 2 ] who sit in front of we , just up and take it . Boy , how that baby can run ! ellie what be I go to do now ? peter do not tell I you ticket be in it ? ellie ( open she purse ) no , I have get that , all right . but my money . all I have here be four dollar . I have get to get to New York with it . peter you can wire home for some money when we get to jacksonville . ellie why , no '' i— ( catch herself ) yes . . . I guess I will . peter ( start out ) I will report it to the driver . about you bag , I mean . ellie ( quickly ) no. I would rather you do not . peter do not be a fool . you lose you bag . the company will make good . what 's you name ? ellie I do not want it report ! peter why , that 's ridiculous ! they be responsible for everything that '' ellie ( hotly ) see here , can you understand English ! I do not want it report ! ( she start away ) please stay out of my affair ! I want to be leave alone . ( with which she disappear from the scene ) a close - up of peter show he glaring after she . ? 227 ? peter ( mumble ) why , you ungrateful brat ! the scene dissolves to the bus , where all the passenger be scatter back to they seat ; Peter be already seat , when ellie arrive . a close view then show she stand uncertainly for a moment , speculate whether to cross over he leg to get she place by the window . Peter feel she presence by he side and glance up . she toss she head and plant herself in the seat in front of he , vacate by the young man who steal she bag . Peter take the affront with a shrug and slide over gratefully to the covete spot near the window . the scene dissolves to a close view of ellie and a recently arrive fat man next to she . she have she head throw back in a effort to sleep , but the fat man , he hand clasped over he protrude stomach , snore disgustingly , and the rumble of the fly bus accompany he . suddenly the bus careen , the fat man fall against ellie , and she awaken with a start and push he back . the fat man 's snore go on uninterrupted , and ellie relax again ; but in a few second the procedure be repeat , and ellie be beside herself . she look around for somewhere to flee . peter , seat in back of she , in he customary slump position , open he eye slightly . it be apparent he have be watch she for some time , for he grin at she discomfiture . ellie 's head turn in he direction and the grin leave Peter 's face . he shut he eye and pretend to be asleep . ellie glance at Peter to make certain he be asleep . the fat man fall against she again and it be all she can stand . she start to rise . Peter see she come and deliberately put he hand on the seat next to he , still pretend to be asleep . just as ellie start to sit , she notice he hand and be embarrassed . gingerly she pick up he limp hand and place it on he knee . she then slide into the seat , sighing with relief , whereupon Peter open he eye and be amused . slowly he head turns—and he scrutinize she , soberly and appraisingly . ellie slowly turn she head for a glimpse of peter—and be startle to find he gaze at she . she turn forward , she jaw set forbiddingly . the scene dissolves to the view of a road . it be dawn , and in the distance , against the horizon , the bus , a mere speck , make its lone way over the desert country . this dissolves to a large sign , read " jacksonville , " and then into the bus afford a close view of ellie and peter . they be both asleep , she head rest comfortably on he shoulder , Peter 's topcoat throw over she . then the view draw back . the bus be empty except for ellie and Peter , the last few passenger be just leave . peter 's eye slowly open . he look down at the head on he shoulder and grin . with a sigh , he shut he eye again and resume he slumber . next , at the front of the bus , the driver stand stare at Peter and ellie in this intimate position and he mouth twist knowingly . driver ( murmure ) oh , yeah ? ellie stir , squirm a little uncomfortably and with a sleepy grunt shift she position . just as she settles down , she eye open . she stare out of the window with unsee eye , and then close they ? 228 ? dreamily , give the impression that , still half conscious , she be try to recall where she be . apparently she do , for she eye suddenly snap open and she lift she head . finally ( in a scene include Peter ) , ellie realize that she have be sleep on he shoulder , whereupon she straighten up , embarrassed . ellie oh , I be sorry '' ( feebly smile ) silly , be not it ? she look around , and she find herself alone with Peter add to she embarrassment . ellie everybody 's go . she lift she arm to adjust she hat and become conscious of he coat over she which slip . she stare at it thoughtfully for a moment—then at Peter . ellie ( realize that he put it there ) oh , thank you . ( she hand he he coat ; ill at ease ) we be in jacksonville , be not we ? peter yes . ellie ( nervously ) that be foolish of I . why do not you shove I away ? peter I hate to wake you up . ( she glance at he speculatively ) how about some breakfast ? ellie no , thank you . ( she rise , anxious to get away ) thank you so much . most uncomfortably , she edge away from he toward the front of the bus , Peter watch she leave , he interest definitely provoke . the scene cut to the stand as ellie emerge from the bus . at the foot of the step be the driver . ellie how much time have I ? driver about a half hour . ellie I be go over to the Windsor Hotel . Peter appear in the door of the bus in the background , and a close view then show he stop to listen as he see ellie talk to the driver . ? 229 ? driver' voice the Windsor ! you will never make it in time . ellie' voice you will have to wait for I . driver' voice ( aghast ) wait for you ! a smile flit across Peter 's face ; then a wider view show ellie leave the driver . ellie ( as she go ) yes . I may be a few minute late . she disappear from sight , leave the driver stare at she , dumbly ; and Peter , stand in back of the driver , shake he head in amazement . the scene dissolves to the bus stand later that morning—at the same spot where the bus have previously be . it be no longer there , however . a huge crowd fill the space , and the view move down through the crowd , singles ellie out . she have just arrive and look around helplessly . finally she spot a uniform terminal guard and approach he . ellie ( now next to the Guard ) where 's the bus to New York ? guard Left twenty minute ago . ellie why , that 's ridiculous ! I be on that bus '' I tell they to wait ! guard sorry , miss . it 's go . ( and he turn he back on she ) ellie 's face cloud . the crowd surge about she . she look around thoughtfully . suddenly she eye open in surprise at something she see , and the view then move over to Peter , who sit on he suitcase , look toward ellie . peter good morning . Peter be in the foreground , the guard be see in the background . ellie stare at Peter , perplex . peter remember I ? I be the fellow you sleep on last night . ellie seem to I I have already thank you for that . ( turn to guard ) what time be the next bus to New York ? ? 230 ? guard ( turn ) eight o'clock tonight . ellie eight o'clock ! why , that 's twelve hour ! guard sorry , miss . the Guard leave the scene , and ellie 's disappointment be apparent . peter ( sarcastically ) what 's the matter ? would not the old meany wait for you ? ( ellie glare at he , disdain to reply—this anger he , and he continue hotly ) say , how old be you anyway ? do not you know this buss work on a schedule ? you need a guardian . ellie ( start away ) what be you excited about ? you miss the bus , too . Peter look at she a moment before replying . peter ( quietly ) yeah . I miss it , too . there be a close view of the two . she turn to he . her interest be provoke by he tone of voice . she glance up into he face . ellie do not tell I you do it on my account ! ( pause ) I hope you be not get any idea that what happen last night be '' ( she interrupt herself ) you need not concern yourself about I , young man . I can take care of myself . peter you be do a pretty sloppy job of it . ( he reach in he pocket ) here 's you ticket . ellie ( surprised ) my ticket ? peter I find it on the seat . ellie ( take it ) oh , thank you . must have fall out of my pocket . ? 231 ? while she be put the ticket away in she purse , Peter speak : peter you will never get away with it , miss andrew . ( this be a shock to ellie ) ellie ( weakly ) what be you talk about ? peter just a spoiled brat of a rich man . you and westley will make a ideal team . ellie ( bluff it through ) will you please tell I what you be rave about ! peter you will never get away with it , miss andrew . you father will stop you before you get half way to New York . ellie you must have I confuse with— peter ( interrupt ) quit kid ! it 's all over the front page , you know , I have always be curious about the kind of a girl that would marry King westley . he pull a newspaper out of he pocket and hand it to she . ellie glance at the headline hurriedly . peter ( while she read ) take my advice—grab the first bus back to Miami . that guy 's a phony . ellie ( look up at he ) I do not ask for you advice . ( she hand the paper back ) peter that 's right . you do not . ellie you be not go to notify my father , be you ? peter ( look at she squarely ) what for ? ellie if you play you card right , you might get some money out of it . ( a disdainful expression cross he face ) peter I never think of that . ? 232 ? ellie ( frantically ) listen , if you will promise not to do it , I will pay you . I will pay you as much as he will . you will not gain anything by give I away as long as I be willing to make it worth you while . I have get to get to New York without be stop . it 's terribly important to I . I would pay now , only the only thing I have when I jump off the yacht be my wrist watch and I have to pawn that to get this clothes . I will give you my address and you can get in touch with I the minute you get to New York . peter ( furious ) never mind . you know I have you peg right from the start , you be the spoiled brat of a rich father . the only way you can get anything be to buy it . now you be in a jam and all you can think of be you money . it never fail , do it ? ever hear of the word " humility " ? no , you would not . I guess it never occur to you to just say , " please mister , I be in trouble . will you help I ? " no ; that would bring you down off you high horse for a minute . let I tell you something ; maybe it would take a load off you mind . you do not have to worry about I . I be not interested in you money or you problem . you , King westley , you father , you be all a lot of hooey to I . he turn he back on she and leave . a close - up of ellie show she stare after he , she eye blaze angrily . in a telegraph office , Peter address a girl operator as he drop a telegram on the counter , which she read . peter ( brusquely ) you send telegram here ? operator ( recognize he apparently , sarcastically ) I be just fine thanks , and how be you ? ( read ) to " Joe Gordon , care of New York mail , New York . be I laugh . the biggest scoop of the year just drop in my lap . I know where ellen andrew be '' " ( look up excitedly ) no , do you really ? peter ( impatiently ) go on . go on send the telegram . operator " how would you like to have the story , you big tub of—of '' " peter mush . mush . ? 233 ? operator " Tub of mush . well try and get it . what I say about never write another line for you still go . be you burn ? Peter warne . " well , that will be $ 2.60 . peter send it collect . operator collect ? Peter ( firmly ) collect . as the clerk take the wire from he , scene fade out . part Three the bus terminal fade in . it be night now , and the rain come down in torrent . people scurry around to get into the bus as the voice of a announcer be hear : announcer's voice Bus for blah- blah - blah-blah '' charleston—blah -blah-blah—and all point North to New York ! this dissolves to the interior of a bus , which be practically fill . Peter be in he seat , read a magazine , while ellie enter hurriedly from the rear door and start forward . as she approach Peter , she hesitates a second , and deliberately pass he , plunk herself into a seat in the opposite aisle . Peter turn just as she get seat . he glance at she indifferently . a close view show ellie seat next to a man who sit read a newspaper which cover he face . her eye be fix forward , she lip set adamantly . a close - up of the man next to ellie make it plain that he be a typical drummer . [ 3 ] at the moment he be absorb in a serial story , but suddenly he become aware of something at he foot , and without lowering the newspaper , he gaze slowly shift downward . at this , the view move down until it reach ellie 's trim ankle . her foot beat a regular tattoo on the floor ; she extreme agitation be evident . the view move back slowly , take in ellie 's shapely leg as far as the knee . then we see ellie and the drummer as he gaze be still fix on she leg . slowly he face break into a lascivious grin , he lower he paper , and turn for a scrutiny of she face . what he see apparently delight he , for he drop he paper completely—and smile broadly . drummer hi , sister '' all alone ? my name 's shapeley . ( ellie favor he with a devastating look which be waste on the drummer ) might as well get acquainted . it 's gonna be a long tripuget tiresome later on . specially for somebody like you . you look like you get class . ( he survey she from head to foot ) yessir ! with a capital K. ( he chuckle at he own sally ) and I be a guy that know class when he see it , believe you I . ? 234 ? a close - up of ellie , as shapeley 's voice continue , show she glance back at Peter , expect he to come to she rescue . shapeley' voice ask any of the boy . they will tell you . shapeley sure know how to pick them . yessir . shapeley 's the name , and that 's the way I like them . ellie again look toward Peter . but peter seem to have find something of unusual interest in he magazine . . . and we again see the harass ellie and the irrepressible shapeley , who continue . shapeley you make no mistake sit next to I . ( confidentially ) just between we , the kinda mugg you meet on a hop like this be not nothing to write home to the wife about . you gotta be awful careful who you hit up with , be what I always say , and you can not be too particular , neither . once when I be comin ' through North Carolina , I get to gabbin ' with a good -lookin ' mama . one of that young one , you know , and plenty classy , too . kinda strike my fancy . you know how it be . well , sir , you could 'a knock I over with a mack truck . I be just warming up when she 's yank offa the bus . who do you think she be ? huh ? might as well give up . the girl bandit ! the one the papers be writin ' about . ( he pull out a cigar , and continues—awed by the recollection ) yessir , you coulda knock I over with a mack truck . ( he light he cigar , take a vigorous puff , and turn to she again ) what 's the matter , sister ? you be not sayin ' much . ellie ( intend to freeze he ) seem to I you be do excellently without any assistance . ( this however only bring a guffaw from the drummer ) shapeley that 's pretty good . . . well , shut my big nasty mouth ! a close - up show ellie endure more of this as shapeley 's voice continue : shapeley' voice . . . look like you be one up on I . nothin ' I like better than to meet a high - class mama that can snap them back at you . ' Cause the colder they be , the hotter they get , be what I always say . now ellie and shapeley be see together , with Peter see in the background . ? 235 ? shapeley take this last town I be in . I run into a dame—not a bad looker , either—but boy , be she a iceberg ! every time I open my kisser she pull a ten strike on I . it sure look like cold turkey for old man shapeley . I sell office supplies , see ? and this hotsy - totsy lay the damper on I quick . she do not need a thing—and if she do she would not buy it from a fresh mugg like I . well , say I to myself '' shapeley , you better go to work . you be up against a lulu . well , I be here to tell you , sister , I open up a line of fast chatter that have that dame spinnin ' like a Russian dancer . before I get through she buy enough stuff to last the firm a year . and do she put on a act when I blow town ! ellie have scarcely listen to he , and have divide she attention between glance back at Peter and stare at shapeley as if he be insane—none of which bother shapeley . he go on with he merry chatter , blow ring of smoke in the direction of the ceiling . shapeley yessir . when a cold mama get hot—boy , how she sizzle ! she kinda cramped my style , though . I do not look at a dame for three town . ( quickly ) not that I could not . for I it 's always a cinch . I get a much better chance than the local talent . ( confidentially ) you see , they be kinda leery about the local talent . too close to home . know what I mean ? ellie have now reach the point where she could , without any compunction , strangle he . shapeley' voice ( continue over this glimpse of she desperation ) but take a bird like me—it 's here today—and go tomorrow . and what happen be nobody 's business . at this time she turn helplessly toward Peter , but we see peter be deliberately oblivious of she presence , follow which the three be see , with Peter in the background . shapeley but I do not go in for that kinda stuff—much . I like to pick my filly . take you , for instance . you be my type . no kiddin ' sister . I could go for you in a big way . " fun-on- the-side shapeley " they call I , and the accent be on the fun , believe you I . ( this be all ellie can stand ) ellie ( snappily ) believe you I , you bore I to distraction . ? 236 ? ( but shapeley merely throw he head back and emit he characteristic guffaw ) shapeley ( laugh ) well , you be two up on I now . ( he hold up two finger ) peter ( approach they ) hey , you ! shapeley 's laugh die down . he look dumbly up at Peter , he two finger still hold in mid-air . shapeley huh ? peter ( indicate he own seat ) there 's a seat over there for you . shapeley what 's the idea ? peter I would like to sit with my—uh—wife—if you do not mind . ( at which shapeley 's face fall ) shapeley ( puzzle ) wife ? peter yeah . come on—come on ! shapeley ( rise ) oh , excuse I . ( edging away ) I be just tryin'—you know—to make thing pleasant . and smile sheepishly , he sidle over to Peter 's seat , he two finger still poise in air . Peter plant himself next to ellie and totally ignore she , open he magazine , and resume he read . then ellie and Peter be see close together . she look up at he . ellie if you promise not to snap my head off , I would like to thank you . peter ( without turn ) forget it . I do not do it for you . his voice get on my nerve . she feel herself crush , and venture no further comment as Peter resume he interest in he magazine . a full view of the bus follow , and there be silence for a while as the bus slow down and come to a stop . almost simultaneously a boy make he appearance , sell magazine and candy . ? 237 ? boy here you be , folk . candy—popcorn—cigarettes—magazines— as ellie and Peter be see again , she turn and call to the boy : ellie here , boy ! peter ( turn to she ) what would you do ? Wire one of you friend for money ? ellie ( rummage in she purse ) no . it would be useless . Father would get the wire before they would . boy ( as he enter ) yes , mar 'am ? ellie a box of chocolate , please . peter ( to the boy ) never mind , son . she do not want it . ( he gesture with he thumb for the boy to leave ) boy ( puzzle ) but the lady say '' ellie of course I do . what do you mean peter ( to the boy ) beat it ! ( and the boy , frighten by he voice , leave ) ellie ( resentfully ) you have you nerve ! ( she start to rise ) here , boy— ! Peter snatch the purse out of she hand and take the money out . ellie stare at he dumbfounded . peter a dollar sixty ! . . . you have four dollar last night ! how do you expect to get to New York at the rate you be go ? ellie ( vehemently ) that 's none of you business . peter ( with finality ) you be on a budget from now on . ? 238 ? ( he fling she purse back at she and pocket the money ) ellie now , just a minute—you can n't— peter shut up ! he return to he magazine , leave she stare at he petulantly as the scene fade out . part four somewhere on the road at night . this be apparently on the outskirt of a town . two local policeman and we bus driver stand in the foreground near a police booth . the rain sweep across they face as they talk . the passenger in the bus , which stand in the background , stick they head out , try to hear what be go on . first policeman you will not be able to pass till morning . second policeman not even then , if this keep up . Peter approach the group and be then see with the officer and the driver . peter what 's up ? first policeman Bridge wash out—around Dawson . driver look like we can not go through till morning . second policeman ( he only contribution ) not even then , if this keep up . first policeman any of you passenger want a place to sleep—there 's a auto camp up yonder a piece . peter ( interested ) yeah ? where ? first policeman ( point ) up yonder . see the light ? peter yeah . first policeman that 's it . dyke 's Auto Camp . peter thanks . ? 239 ? he dash toward the bus . then he appear at the side door of the bus . peter ( call ) hey , brat— ! ( he be about to enter when he see ellie ) the view move to the rear door of the bus . ellie stand on the bottom step . ellie ( haughtily ) be you talk to I ! peter yeah . come on—we be stop here for the night . he disappear inside the bus through the side door . with a independent toss of she head , ellie turn and also enter the bus , but through the rear door . the scene dissolves to dyke' auto camp . ellie stand alone on the porch of a small bungalow , shelter from the rain . over she head be a sign read : office - dyke Auto Co.—P. D. dyke , prop . she look about she restlessly , give the impression that she have be wait for someone . suddenly she be attract by something and gaze in its direction . then , as see by ellie in a long view , there appear , about twenty yard away , a small cabin , light on the inside ; and from it Peter emerge accompany by a man—presumably Mr. dyke . we can not hear what be be say ; from they movement , however , it be apparent that a exchange of money be take place . dyke wave he hand in departure and start toward ellie . at the same time , Peter call to she : peter ( shouting ) hey ! come on ! we be all set . ( say which he enter the cabin ) ellie hesitates a moment , then start toward the cabin . now she be hurry across the open space . en route she pass dyke . dyke ( as they pass ) good evening . hope you and you husband rest comfortably . ellie keep on run , but suddenly she stop dead and look back at dyke , follow which a close - up of ellie show she eye open wide with astonishment . her impulse be to call dyke back , to make he repeat what he said—to make certain she hear he correctly . but dyke be go , and she turn and glance thoughtfully in the direction of the cabin . then slowly the corner of she mouth screw up in a attitude of cynicism . so that 's it , be it ! he have give she no previous evidence of be " on the make " ; yet now , with the first opportunity '' . her thought , however , be interrupt by Peter 's voice : peter' voice well , brat—what do you say ! ? 240 ? as she do not stir , there appear a close - up view of peter stand in the doorway of the cabin , look toward ellie . peter ( impatiently ) come on ! come on ! what be you go to do ? stand there all night ? ( he disappear inside ) for a long moment , ellie be lose in speculation as to how to proceed . then , toss she head defiantly , with she lip set grimly , she start toward the cabin until she reach it , stop in the doorway and peer in . as she do this , there be a view of the inside of the cabin , as see by she at the door . except for two cot on either side of the room , a few stick of cane furniture , a small table upon which stand a oil burner for cooking , the place be barren . at the moment Peter be attach a clothes line across the center of the room . his suitcase be already open . and now ellie step inside , surveying the place contemptuously . but Peter , with he back to she , be oblivious of she presence ; and as he work , he hum he favorite melody . ellie finally break the silence . ellie ( sarcastically ) darn clever , this armenian . peter ( see close as he turn ) yeah . yeah , it 's a gift . ( but he finish he hammer and turn to he suitcase ) ellie ( see with Peter ) I just have the unpleasant sensation of hearing you refer to as my husband . peter ( carelessly ) oh , I forget to tell you . I register as Mr. and Mrs. ( the matter - of - fact way in which he say this cause she eyebrow to lift ) ellie oh , you do ? what be I expect to do—leap for joy ? peter I kind of half expect you to thank I . ellie you ego be colossal . peter ( blithely ) yeah . yeah , not bad . how 's you 's ? there be silence for a moment , and Peter proceed with the unpack of he suitcase . as she watch he , ellie 's mood change from one of anger to that of sarcasm . ? 241 ? ellie ( appear in a close - up , she face disdainful ) compare to you , my friend , shapeley 's a amateur . ( sharply ) whatever give you a idea you can get away with this ! you be positively the most conceit '' peter' voice ( interrupt ) hey , wait a minute ! ( appear beside she ) let 's get something straighten out right now . if you have any peculiar idea that I be interested in you , forget it . you be just a headline to I . ellie ( frighten ) a headline ? you be not a newspaper man , be you ? peter chalk up one for you side . now listen , you want to get to King westley , do not you ? all right , I be here to help you . what I want be you story , exclusive . a day - to- day account . all about you mad flight to happiness . I need that story . just between you and I I have get to have it . ellie now be not that just too cute ? there 's a brain behind that face of yours , be not there ? you have get everything nicely figure out , for yourself , include this . peter this ? oh , that 's a matter of simple mathematics . this cabin cost two buck a night and I be very sorry to inform you , wifey dear , but the family purse will not stand for we have separate establishment . ( he go back to the business of lay out he thing ) ellie ( start to leave ) well , thank you . thank you very much , buty you have be very kind . ( but the rain outside cause she to hesitate ) peter oh , yeah ? it 's all right with I . go on out in the storm , but I be go to follow you , see ? yeah . and if you get tough I will just have to turn you over to you old man right now . savvy ? now that 's my whole plot in a nutshell . a simple story for simple people . now if you behave yourself , I will see that you get to King westley ; if not , I will just have to spill the bean to papa . now which of this bed do you prefer ? this one ? all right . while he speak he have take the extra blanket from the cot and hang it over the clothes line . this manage to divide the room in half . ? 242 ? a close view at the door show ellie watch he with interest . ellie ( sarcastically ) that , I suppose , make everything—uh—quite all right . peter ( the previous scene return ) oh , this ?— I like privacy when I retire . I be very delicate in that respect . prying eye annoy I . ( he have the blanket spread out now ) behold the wall of jericho ! [ 4 ] maybe not as thick as the one that joshua blow down with he trumpet , but a lot safer . you see , I have no trumpet . ( take out pajamas ) now just to show you my heart 's in the right place , I will give you my best pair of pajamas . he fling they over to she , and she catch they and throw they on she cot . throughout the scene she have not budge from the door , but Peter now prepare to undress . peter do you mind join the israelite ? ellie you be not really serious about this , be you ? peter ( see at close range , go about the job of undress very diffidently ) all right , do not join the israelite . perhaps you be interested in how a man undress . ( and he hang he coat over the chair ) funny thing about that . quite a study in psychology . no two man do it alike . ( now he shirt be come off ) a close view of ellie show she stand stubbornly . peter' voice I once know a chap who keep he hat on until he be completely undress . ( chuckle ) make a comical picture . . . as the scene include both of they , Peter spread he shirt over he coat . peter year later he secret come out . he wear a toupee . he light a cigarette diffidently while she remain brazenly watch he , she eye flash defiantly . peter I have a idiosyncrasy all my own . you will notice my coat come first—then the tie—then the shirt—now , accord to hoyle , [ 5 ] the pants should come next . but that 's where I be different . ? 243 ? ( he bend over ) I go for the shoe first . after that i— ellie ( unable to stand it any longer ) smart aleck ! and thoroughly exasperate , she go behind the blanket , and plop on the cot . she sit on the edge , debate what to do , feel herself trap . her impulse be to leave , if only to show this smart aleck he 's not deal with a child , and she rise impetuously and move to the window . a close view at the window show she look out . the downpour have not abate one bit , and the heavy raindrop clatter against the window pane in a sort of challenge to ellie , whose jaw drop . she turn slowly back to the room , and as she do so she eye light on the cot . it look most invite ; after all , she have not have any rest for two night . she fall on the cot again , she shoulder sagging wearily . follow this , the view reveal both side of the blanket . Peter be already in he pajamas . peter still with I , brat ? ( there be no answer from ellie ) do not be a sucker . a night 's rest will do you a lot of good . besides , you have get nothing to worry about . the wall of jericho will protect you from the big bad wolf . a close view show ellie glance over at the blanket . despite herself , the suggestion of a smile flit across she face . ellie you have not get a trumpet by any chance , have you ? peter get the idea and smile broadly . peter not even a mouth organ . pull the cover back , he prepare to get into bed , hum as he do so . peter ( hum to himself ) who 's afraid of the big bad wolf '' the big bad wolf , the big bad wolf . ( louder ) she 's afraid of the big bad wolf , tra-la-la-la-la— ( he spring into bed ) ellie smile , and wearily she pull she hat off she head . she sit this way a moment , thoughtfully ; then , determine , she look up . ellie do you mind put out the light ? peter not at all . ? 244 ? ( he lean over and snap it off ) the room be throw into darkness except for a stream of light come in the window from the night - light outside the camp . visible be Peter 's face and arm as he stare ceilingward , while on ellie 's side all we can see of she be she silhouette , except for such time as she get in direct line with the window . there be glimpsis of she as she move around in the process of undress , and we see , or rather sense , she dress drop to the floor . she now stand in she chemise ; this be white silk , it stand out more prominently against the darkness . she pick up the pajamas and back into a corner , follow which a close - up of she head and shoulder show she glance apprehensively toward Peter 's side of the room ; and hold the pajamas in front of she with one hand , with the other she slip the strap off she shoulder . she fling she " slip " over the blanket . peter , on he side of the room , look toward the blanket , and react to the " slip " come into sight . then other undergarment join the " slip " on the blanket . peter ( hoarsely ) do you mind take that thing off the wall of jericho ? ( a pause ) it 's tough enough as it be . ellie' voice oh , excuse I . ( and we see the underthings flip off the blanket . ) ellie 's side of the room appear , show she crawl quickly into bed , pull the cover over she and glance apprehensively in Peter 's direction follow which a close view show peter be very conscious of she proximity . the situation be delicate and dangerous ; the room be atingle with sex . he turn he gaze toward the blanket . the view move to the blanket , remain on it a moment . it be a frail barrier . the view then move back to Peter , whose eye be still on the blanket , he face expressionless . a close view of ellie , next show that she , too , have she eye glue on the blanket , a little fearfully . she turn she head and gaze at the ceiling for a moment . then suddenly she eye widen—and she sit up abruptly . ellie ( seriously ) oh , by the way—what 's you name ? peter ( see close ; turn he head toward she ) what 's that ? ellie ( both side of the blanket come into view ) who be you ? peter who , I ? why , I be the whippoorwill that cry in the night . I be the soft morning breeze that caress you lovely face . ? 245 ? ellie ( interrupt ) you have get a name , have not you ? peter yeah . I get a name . Peter warne . ellie Peter warne ? I do not like it . peter do not let it bother you . you be give it back to I in the morning . ellie ( flopping back on she pillow as she mumble ) please to meet you , Mr. warne . . . peter the pleasure be all mine . there be silence between they for a few second . peter I have be think about you . ellie' voice yes ? peter you have have a pretty tough break at that . twice a missus and still unkiss . ellie do not like the implication , and glare in he direction as Peter 's voice continue : peter' voice ( meaningly ) I will bet you be in a awful hurry to get back to New York , be not you ? ellie ( hard ) goodnight , Mr. warne . ( she turn over ) peter goodnight . he also turn he head toward the wall , and the scene fade out . part five a long view of the sky , in the early morning , fade in . in the dim distance there be a speck , which , as it come nearer , turn out to be a airplane . the drine of its motor become louder and louder . then the view cut to the control cockpit of the plane revealing two pilot . first pilot ( shouting to other ) the old man 's screwy ! ? 246 ? second pilot ( who can not hear he ) what 's 'at ? first pilot ( louder ) I say , the old man 's screwy ! second pilot ( nodd he head in agreement ) yeah ! first pilot ( cupping he mouth ) the dame 's too smart for he . second pilot ( nodd again , then lean over ) how would you like to be marry to a wild cat like that ? the first Pilot grimace in disgust , grab he nose between he finger , and go through the motion of ducking under water . and as they both laugh , the scene cut to the cabin of the plane , a privately build plane which have all the equipment of a passenger ship . andrew and one of he secretary , a conservative - appear man of middle age , lean over a table . this be a close cabin , the roar of the motor scarcely interfere with the dialogue . secretary here 's another wire , sir . this one 's from Charleston . ( as there be a close view of the two ) " check every northbound train . also assign twenty operative to watch main highway . no success yet . will continue to do everything possible . " sign : lovington detective Agency , Charleston . andrews any other ? secretary yessir . ( hold up stack of wire ) there 's a report here from every State along the East coast . want to hear they ? andrews ( impatiently ) what do they say ? secretary they be practically all the same , sir . ( he shrug he shoulder to indicate there be no news ) andrews ( mutter ) amateur ! secretary they be the finest detective agency in the country , sir . ? 247 ? andrew do not answer he . he puff furiously on he cigar , glance out of the window , and turn irritably to a phone by he side . he snap up the receiver and press a button , follow which the scene cut to the control cockpit , where a light flash on the instrument board , and the pilot pick up the receiver . pilot yes , sir ? andrews ( see in the cabin ) I think I make it clear I be in a hurry to get to New York ? ( bellow ) what be we crawl for ! in the control cockpit , the pilot react to the complaint and glance at he speed indicator . we then see the speed indicator register 180 mile a hour . the pilot look aghast . pilot ( yell into phone ) we have get she wide open , sir . andrews ( irascibly ) well , step on it ! step on it ! he bang up the receiver and stare moodily out of the window . it be plain that he be worried . the view then include he secretary , Henderson . henderson I hope she 's all right , sir . andrews ( sharply ) of course she 's all right . what do you think can happen ! henderson ( intimidate ) nothing , sir ! andrews then shut up about it ! thereupon the view cut to a close - up of a airplane motor in rapid motion , and this dissolves to the auto camp cabin next morning , a close view show ellie peacefully sleep . but the drine of the plane overhead disturb she , and she move restlessly . ellie ( murmure in she sleep ) darn planes— she squirm around uncomfortably , and find it impossible to resume she slumber , open she eye . the sun pour in through the window cause she to squint . she sit up and stare outside , puzzle . then remember where she be she look toward the other side of the cabin , listen for some sign of life . but there be none ? 248 ? and she relax . she fall back on the pillow , pull the cover over she . now peter enter from the outside with a armful of foodstuff , which he dump on the table . he look toward ellie . peter hey—you not up yet ? come on—come on ! ellie' voice what time be it ? peter eight o'clock . he go to the blanket which hang between the two cot and throw something over it to ellie . peter here— ellie ( catch the package ) what be it ? ( open the package ) why , it 's a toothbrush ! thanks . ( notice she dress hang freshly press ) you—you have it press . peter ( get thing ready for breakfast ) come on ! hurry up ! Breakfast will be ready in no time . ellie why , you sweet thing , you . where would you get it press ? ( at this the view move with he and he go to the blanket ) peter listen , brat—i be go to count to ten . if you be not out of bed by then I be go to yank you out myself . a close view of ellie show she be stubborn , but alarmed . peter' voice ( count quickly ) one—two—three—four—five ellie ( panic-stricken ) why , you bully . I believe you would . peter' voice —six—seven—eight—nine— ellie ( scream ) I be out ! I be out ! ? 249 ? and she jump out of bed , throw the cover around herself , follow which Peter be see go back to the table . peter you will find the showers—and things—right back of the second cottage . ( at this ellie stick she head over the blanket ) ellie ( aghast ) outside ! peter certainly , outside . all the best home have them outside . ellie I can not go out like this . peter like what ? ellie like this . I have no robe . peter here—take mine . he fling he robe over to she , and she disappear behind the blanket . peter but make it snappy . now ellie have get into he robe , and appear on he side . the robe be too large for she and she make a comical figure . as she enter , she try to maintain she customary dignity . ellie ( dignifiedly ) where would you say the showers—and things—were ? ( Peter turn ; when he see she he laugh ) peter ( appraisingly ) hey—you be little , be not you ? ellie where be the shower ? peter you hair 's cute like that . you should never comb it . ellie ( leave haughtily ) I will find it myself . she slam the door viciously , but Peter rush over to the window to watch she ; and as view by he , ellie appear next walk to the shower outside the cabin . she hold she head high and struggle valiantly to maintain as much dignity as she can muster under the circumstance . then in the cabin , at the window , Peter watch ellie , chuckle at she , shaking he head in amusement . he start toward the table , and the scene cut to a move view outside ? 250 ? the cabin , with ellie walk past several cottage on she way to the shower . several people stop to stare at she until she reach she destination . there be two wooden shack adjoin , each have a sign on they ; one read , " shower '' Men " '' the other , " shower uwomen . " in front of the woman 's shower there be several unappetize - look fat woman wait , and with they be a small girl . ellie cross over to the woman 's shower and disappear inside , the wait woman stare at she , puzzle . a moment elapse and ellie back out , be push by a woman , part of whose naked body be visible , and whose voice be hear in protest : woman can not a body have some privacy around here ? the woman who be wait chuckle at ellie 's embarrassment as she stand aside . they certainly be make a monkey out of she decorum . the little girl keep eyeing ellie , fascinate . little girl ( point ) do not she look funny , mama ? ellie , wheeling on the little girl , crush she with a devastating look , so that the little girl cringe against she mother 's skirt . ellie go to the end of the line to await she turn , follow which close - up show the little girl slowly turn she head to look at ellie , and ellie notice the little girl stare at she , whereupon ellie stick she tongue out at she . and , in a scene which include both , the little girl retaliate by stick she tongue out also . this dissolves to a view of ellie come out of the shower . at the same time shapeley come out of the man 's shower , and upon see ellie , he face light up . shapeley hello , sister . ellie ignore he , and walk toward she cabin . but shapeley fall into step with she . shapeley sorry about last night . do not know you be marry to that guy . shoulda tell I about it right off . ( he chuckle ) there I be , gettin ' myself all prime for a killin' , and you turn out to be a old marry woman . the scene cut to the door of peter' cabin as Peter come out , stand in the doorway , and be surprised to see ellie and shapeley , who be then see ( from he angle ) talk . thereupon peter be see again as he lip curl up a little jealously ; he return to the cabin , follow which we again see ellie and shapeley walk . he notice the robe she be wear , and he look down toward she foot , the view move down to show ellie 's leg and foot . the pajama leg be see protrude below the robe , the cuff of which she have turn up . then the view move back up to ellie and shapeley , he lift she robe playfully . ? 251 ? shapeley hey , what 's this ? wearing papa 's thing ? now that 's cute . that 's what I call real lovey - dovey . yessir . ellie ( stopping—her eye blaze ) if you do not get out of here , I will slap that fresh mouth of yours . shapeley ( startle ) sorry '' I do not mean to— ellie ( sharply ) get out ! shapeley okay . I be just try to make conversation . ellie leave he abruptly , and the scene cut to the cabin , where Peter be now busy set the small table . ellie enter after a moment , while Peter have he back to the door . peter ( without turn ) High time you get back . ellie I meet some very interesting woman at the shower . we get to chat about this and that . you know how time file . she disappear behind the blanket , follow which we see Peter 's side of the cabin , while ellie 's voice continue from behind the blanket . ellie' voice we must come back to this place often . you meet the nicest people ! her head bob up over the blanket now and again as she dress . ellie I see the little pussinfoos girl . she 's turn out quite a charming creature . Peter ignore she chatter , except for a annoyed glance once in a while . ellie very outspoken , too . Said I look funny . be not that cute ? peter hurry up and get dress . ellie ( stick she head over blanket ) why , Peter ! do not you want to hear about we lovely friend ? ? 252 ? peter if you do not waste so much time on that wise - crack drummer—we would have be through with breakfast by this time . a close view show ellie in the process of buttone she dress . she look up , have recognize a tinge of jealousy in he voice , which intrigue she . she start to the other side of the blanket . then we see she join Peter in he part of the cabin . ellie well , I hope you be not go to dictate whom I can talk to . peter I know a couple of truck driver I would like to have you meet sometime . ( set a plate for she ) come on , sit down . ellie thank you . ( sit down to the table ; refer to the food ) my , my ! scramble egg . peter Egg . one egg—doughnuts—black coffee . that 's you ration till lunch . any complaint ? ellie ( cheerily ) nope . no complaint . peter I would have get you some cream but it mean buy a whole pint . ellie ( " sweetly " ) why , you do not have to apologize , Mr. warne . you will never know how much I appreciate all this . peter ( gruffly ) what make you so disgustingly cheerful this morning ? ellie must be the spring . peter I think maybe—uh— " believe you I " tell you a couple of snappy storey . ellie he apologize for last night . ( carelessly ) Said he do not know we be marry . ? 253 ? peter ( pass she a doughnut ) just show you how wrong a guy can be . doughnut ? ellie thanks . ( embarrassed ) you think this whole business be silly , do not you ? I mean run away and everything . peter ( easily ) no. no . it 's too good a story . ellie yes , you do . you think I be a fool and a spoiled brat . perhaps I be , although I do not see how I can be . people who be spoiled be accustom to have they own way . I never have . on the contrary , I have always be tell what to do and how to do it and where and with whom . would you believe it ? this be the first time I have ever be alone with a man ! peter yeah ? ellie it 's a wonder I be not panic stricken . peter um . you be do all right . ellie thanks . nurse , governess , chaperone , even body - guard . oh , it 's be a lot of fun . peter one consolation ; you can never be lonesome . ellie it have its moment . it get to be a sort of game to try to outwit father 's detective . i— I do it once ; actually go shopping without a body - guard . it be swell . I feel absolutely immoral . but it do not last long . they catch up with I in a department store . I be so mad I run out the back way and jump into the first car I see . guess who be in it ? peter Santa Claus ? ellie king— King westley be in it . peter oh . be that how you meet he ? ? 254 ? ellie um-hm . we ride around all afternoon . Father be frantic . by 6 o'clock he be have all the river drag . ( she have be " dunking " she doughnut throughout this , Peter watch she ) peter say , where do you learn to dunk , in finish school ? ellie ( indignantly ) aw , now , do not you start tell I I should not dunk . peter of course you should not . you do not know how to do it . dunking 's a art . do not let it soak so long . a dip and plop , into you mouth . if you let it soak so long , it will get soft and fall off . it 's all a matter of timing . I ought to write a book about it . ellie thanks , professor . peter just go to show you . twenty million and you do not know how to dunk . ellie I would change place with a plumber 's daughter any day . but before he can answer , they be interrupt by voice directly outside they window , and the view move with Peter as he go to the door , which he open slightly . thereupon dyke be see in conversation with two man outside the cabin . dyke ( protest loudly ) you can not go around bother my tenant . I tell you , there 's no girl by that name here . besides , how do I know you be detective ? first detective show he you credential , Mac . I will look around . at this , Peter close the door and turn to ellie . peter detective ! ellie ( petrify ) that 's Father at work , what will I do ? ( appealingly , to he ) Peter , what will I do ? peter do not look at I . I do not marry King westley . ? 255 ? ellie run around the room pick up she stuff and murmure , " oh , my goodness ! " she reach the window . ellie ( now see close , at the window ) maybe I could jump out of the window . ( tremulously ) do you think they would see I ? peter' voice ( suddenly ) come here , you little fool ! she start toward he . we then see he plunk she in a chair : peter sit down ! he rumple she hair and stick a few hairpin in she mouth . he now stand aside and deliberately talk loud enough to be hear outside . peter ( practically shouting ) yeah . I get a letter from aunt Betty . she say if we do not stop over at wilk - barre she will never forgive we . ellie ( a close - up show she stare at he in bewilderment ) what be you talk about ? at this , Peter rush over to she and clamp he hand over she mouth . peter ( with he hand over she mouth ) the baby be due next month—and they want we to come . ellie look up at he , and realize what he 's do , she nod to he that it 's all right , whereupon he remove he hand from she mouth . and now one of the detective approach the front door of the cabin . when he hear Peter 's voice , he stop to listen . peter' voice she say she see you sister ethel the other day , and she 's look swell . the detective knock on the door . at this we again see inside of the cabin as Peter whisper to ellie to say " come in . " ellie ( call ) come in ! the moment she do , Peter rush behind the hang blanket . he have he head stick over it , wait for the detective to enter , and the moment the door open Peter duck . the detective take a step inside the room . ? 256 ? peter' voice ( from behind blanket ) I hope aunt Betty have a boy , do not you ? she 's always want a boy . I think we will stop over in wilk - barre this trip , darling . give the family a treat . a close view show ellie and the detective . they have be stare at each other . ellie ( very sweet , call to Peter ) there 's a man here to see you , sweetheart . peter' voice who—me ? ( appear from behind the blanket ; pleasantly ) want to see I ? detective ( who have not take he eye off ellie ) what 's you name ? ellie ( innocently ) be you address I ? detective yeah . what 's you name ? peter ( step in front of he ) hey , wait a minute ! you be talk to my wife ! you can not walk in here and—what do you want , anyway ? detective we be look for somebody . peter well , look you head off—but do not come bustin ' in here . this be not a public park . while Peter have be speak , the second detective and dyke have enter . they walk over to Peter , the first detective , and ellie . peter I get a good mind to sock you right in the nose . first detective take it easy , son . take it easy . second detective ( crowd forward ) what 's up ? the second detective 's eye fall on ellie and he stop to stare at she suspiciously . he take a photograph out of he pocket which he inspect . dyke ( explain ) this man be detective , Mr. warne . ? 257 ? peter ( shouting ) I would not care if they be the whole police department . they can not come in here and start shoot question at my wife ! ellie ( appear very domestic ) do not get excited , Peter . they just ask a civil question . peter ( turn on she ; very sarcastic ) there you go again ! how many time do I tell you to stop but in when I have a argument ? ellie ( sharply ; enter into the spirit of the pretense ) well , you do not have to lose you temper ! peter ( mimick she ) you do not have to lose you temper ! ( in he own voice ) that 's what you tell I the last time too . every time I step in to protect you . at the elk 's dance [ 7 ] when that big swede make a pass at you '' ellie he do not make a pass at I ! I tell you a million time ! the two detective and dyke be see watch the other two , who be now out of sight . peter' voice ( scream ) oh , no ! I see he ! he keep paw you all over the dance floor ! ellie' voice he do not ! you be drunk ! peter ( now see with ellie ) oh , so now I be drunk ! ellie well , you be ! peter I be sorry I do not take another sock at he . ellie yeah , and get yourself arrest ! peter aw , nut ! you be just like you old man ! once a plumber always a plumber ! there be not a ounce of brain in you whole family ! ? 258 ? ellie ( start to cry ) Peter warne , you have go far enough . I will not stand be insulted like this another minute . ellie go over to she cot , and start pick up she hat and thing , whereupon dyke , very much affect , turn to the detective . dyke now look what you have do ! first detective ( apologetically ) sorry , Mr. warne . but you see , we be suppose to check up on everybody . second detective we be look for a girl by the name of ellen andrew . you know—the daughter of the big Wall Street mug . a close - up of ellie appear as they voice be hear . first detective's voice you wife sure look like she . do not she , Mac ? second detective's voice she sure do . peter ( the entire group come into view ) well , I hope you find she . ( to ellie ) quit bawling ! quit bawling ! the detective start out , accompany by dyke , who be still concerned about the disturbing of he tenant . as they disappear out the door , we hear dyke 's voice : dyke' voice I tell you they be a perfectly nice marry couple . they voice die . Peter stand in the middle of the room watch they go . from she side , where she have be stalling , ellie peer out of the window until the detective vanish . she start toward Peter . then they appear together , both stare out until the detective be well out of sight . finally , Peter close the door and turn to she . peter ( seriously ) it will be a dirty trick on aunt Betty if it turn out to be a girl after all . this bring laughter from they both . but Peter suddenly sober , and he look at she thoughtfully . ? 259 ? peter say , you be pretty good . jumping in like that . get a brain , have not you ? ellie you be not so bad yourself . peter we could start a two - person stock company . if thing get tough—we can play some small town auditorium . we will call this one " the great deception . " [ 8 ] ellie next week " East lynne . " peter after that " the Three musketeer . " ( he strike a pose ) I would make a great d'artagnan . ellie how about cinderella—or a real hot love story ? peter no mushy stuff . I be run this troupe . ellie ( fight ) oh , you be ! who make you the manager ? peter I do ! it be my idea , be not it ? ellie you always want to run everything . peter if you do not like it , you can resign from the company . ellie I refuse to resign ! peter then I will fire you . I will do all the part myself . they be interrupt by the door be flung open . dyke stick he head in the door . dyke you bus leave in five minute . peter Holy jump '' ! we have not start to pack yet ! and they both scurry around , throw thing carelessly into Peter 's suitcase , as the scene fade out . part six gordon' office fade in , and Gordon be at he desk as he secretary enter . ? 260 ? secretary here 's another wire from Peter warne . gordon throw it in the basket . ( as the secretary start to do so ) what 's it say ? ( read ) " have I get a story ! it 's get hotter and hotter . hope you be the same . " Gordon snatch the wire out of she hand and tear it viciously into bit . gordon collect ? secretary yes . gordon do not accept any more . the scene dissolves to andrews ' new york office—a richly appoint place , awe -inspire in its dignify furnishings , which shriek of wealth . andrew pace back and forth in back of he desk . sitting before he be a man of fifty , with very rugge feature . he be lovington , head of the detective agency bear he name . when the scene open , andrew be hold forth : andrews Three day ! Three whole day ! and what have you accomplish ! '' ( in a close view at the desk ) all you have show I be a stack of feeble report from that comical detective of yours . I want action , lovington ! lovington we can not do the impossible , Mr. andrew . andrews what I be ask be not impossible . my daughter be somewhere between here and Miami . I want she find ! lovington I have put extra man on , all along the way . andrews it 's not enough ! ( suddenly ) be you certain she 's not with King westley ? lovington no . he 's be trail twenty - four hour a day since this thing start . he can not even get a phone call we do not know about . ? 261 ? andrews ( who have be press several button on he desk ) I be worried , lovington . after all , something might have happen to she . ( he be interrupt by the entrance of several employee ) one of they yessir ? andrews ( see they ) oh , clark—want you to arrange for a radio broadcast—right away—coast to coast hook - up ! offer a reward of ten thousand dollar for any information lead to she whereabouts . clark ( leave ) yessir . andrews brown— brown yessir ? andrews send the story out to the newspaper . ( he rip a picture of ellie on the desk out of its frame ) some of the out of town papers may not have a picture of she . here—wire this to they '' I want it to break right away . as he hand the picture to Brown , the view move in to a close - up of the picture which dissolves to a close - up of the same picture in a newspaper , and as the view draw slowly back we see the headline over it , which read " daughter of banker disappear ten thousand dollar reward " the view then draw back to reveal shapeley read the newspaper . he stare long and absorbedly at the picture . then slowly he turn he head toward the rear of the bus , and the view follow he gaze pass a group of man sing " the man on the Flying trapeze . " they be huddle together , and accompany by a man who play a guitar . then the view continue move until it reach Peter and ellie who join in the song , and a close - up of ellie show she eye sparkling as she sing gaily . shapeley look back at ellie , and apparently come to the conclusion that he suspicion be correct , for he quickly fold the newspaper , casting a surreptitious glance around to make certain he be not be watch . a diabolical smirk spread over he face . a full view of the interior of the bus show most of the occupant join in the fun , sing . they seem unmindful of the discomfiture cause by the rock of the bus , which throw they against each other . then the view draw in to a front seat in which sit a woman and a small boy of ten . the woman 's face be haggard and she sway ? 262 ? uncertainly , she eye half close . her small son 's frighten face peer up at she . boy ( in a tremble voice ) what 'sa matter , ma ? do not you feel all right ? the woman struggle valiantly to recover she composure . she press she son 's small hand in a feeble effort at assurance . a close view of ellie and Peter show ellie sing more boisterously than the rest , do the comical song with exaggerated gesture . but suddenly she face cloud , at something she see . ellie ( touch Peter 's arm ) Peter ! ( as he turn ) there 's something the matter with that woman . she look ill . Peter follow she gaze , whereupon we see the woman . her head roll weakly , a pain expression on she face . ellie ( again see with Peter ; sympathetically ) I better go over and see she . peter do not be silly . nothing you can do . must be tough on a old woman—a trip like this . ellie ( worried ) yes . we see the other passenger around ellie and Peter enjoy themselves . one of they poke she . man hey , Galli-Curci , [ 9 ] come on—get onto it ! ( poke Peter ) you , too , mccormack . ellie and Peter snap into it ; they be just in time for the long wail which precede the chorus : ellie and peter ( sing ) " o-o - of - oh '' he fly through the air with the great of ease this dare young man on the fly trapeze— " at this the scene cut to the road . the bus be catch in a muddy road , full of rut , and at the moment waver dangerously at a angle . the leave front wheel be stick in a deep hole , and the engine roar and clatter as the driver feed the gas . finally the bus move forward , extricate the wheel ; but just as it do , the right front wheel fall into another mud hole on the other side , and this time the bus seem hopelessly stick , a close - up of the right wheel show it revolve desperately , but in vain . the mud splashes in all direction , and the wheel seem to sink deeper and deeper . thereupon this view cut to the inside of the bus . the bus ? 263 ? be tilt over at a extreme angle , which have throw ellie into a corner on the floor , where she now crouch in a undignify position . she look like a turtle , she head be invisible . ellie ( stick she head out ) thank the man for I , Peter . this be the first comfortable position I have have all night . Peter , amused , be assist she to she foot . the guitarist have continue he play uninterrupted , and as Peter lift ellie , he sing : peter ( sing ) " she fly through the air with the great of ease . this darin ' young may on the fly trapeze— ( grunt ) her movement be graceful—all man do she please '' " a close view of the woman and the little boy now show the latter terrifiedly watch he mother , whose head sag wearily . finally she topple forward in a swoon . boy ( with a moan ) ma! ma ! what 'sa matter with you ? ( tear stream down he cheek ) somebody help I ! somethin 's happen to she ! the music stop abruptly . everyone look up , startle . ellie start forward , follow by Peter . passenger closely group around the woman and chatter . " she 's faint . look how pale she be . " Peter and ellie step up . peter . get some water , somebody . ( to the boy ) let I get in here , son . ellie go out of sight to get water . the boy cry audibly , terror-stricken , but get out of Peter 's way , and Peter lift the woman up and stretch she across the seat . ellie come back with water which she silently hand to Peter , who administer to the woman and when she slowly open she eye , make she drink the water . the woman look around , bewilder . peter ( consolingly ) that 's better . you be all right now . just take a little nose - dive , that 's all . he assist she in sit up . the boy 's wail be hear , and he now rush over and throw he arm around he mother . boy ( cry ) ma—oh , gee , ma— ! ? 264 ? his mother cling to he , but still feel faint , she head sway . Peter look up at ellie and give she a sign to sit down beside the woman . ellie sit down beside she . Peter take the boy by the shoulder . peter come on , son . better give you mother a chance to snap out of it . ( as the boy emit a heart - break sob ) it 's all right , son . she will be okay in a couple of minute . he lead the boy away , while ellie place she arm around the woman . ellie you would better rest . it 's be a hard trip , have not it ? the scene cut to a close view of shapeley who have he eye peel on Peter , watch he , and we next see Peter and the boy , who be still sobbing quietly . they be now stand away from the other passenger . boy we be not eat nothin ' since yestidday . peter what happen to you money ? boy ma spend it all for the ticket . she do not know it be gonna be so much . ( with a new outburst ) we should n'a come , I guess , but ma say there 's a job waitin ' for she in New york—and if we do not go , she might lose it . peter go without food be bad business , son . why do not you ask somebody ? boy I be gonna do it , but ma would not let I . she be ashamed , I guess . Peter reach into he pocket for a bill , just as ellie approach they . ellie she will be all right , soon 's she get something to eat . Peter have extract a single bill and dip in he pocket for a smaller one . before he can find anything , however , ellie take the one he have in he hand and give it to the boy . ellie here , boy—first town we come to , buy some food . ? 265 ? ( Peter glance at the empty hand and then at ellie ) boy I should not oughta take this . ma will be angry . ellie ( confidentially ) just do not tell she anything about it . you do not want she to get sick again , do you ? boy ( a sob in he voice ) no - o. but I should not oughta take the money . ( to Peter ) you might need it . peter me? forget it , son . ( rumple he hairksmile ) I get million . boy ( also smile ) thanks . ellie ( she arm around the boy ) come on . let 's go back to you mother . she leave with the boy , Peter watch she a moment , impressed by she display of humanness , before turn and leave the scene , follow which a close - up shot of shapeley watch Peter , then also rise and start out . on the road , the driver be now stand in front of the mud-hole , stare at the sink wheel dolefully , as several people stray into the scene . driver that storm sure make a mess outa this road . peter ( appear , and see the trouble ) Holy smoke ! you will never get out yourself ! better phone for some help . driver phone for help ? ( unhappily ) we be right in the middle of nowhere . there be not a town within ten mile of here . shapeley be just enter the outskirt of the group . he stop , look in the direction of Peter speculatively . he have the newspaper stick in he pocket , which he caress tenderly . the scene expand , Peter be then see leave the group . shapeley ( as Peter approach ) what 's up ? ? 266 ? peter look like we be go to be stick for a long time . ( he start away ) shapeley ( call to he ) say , buddy– Peter turn , and look at he quizzically , and the two be then see close together . shapeley like to have a look at my paper ? he have take it out and have it open as he hand it to Peter . the headline concern ellie and she picture shriek out at Peter . this startles he for a moment , but he manage to recover he poise . shapeley travelin ' like this , you kinda lose track of what 's goin ' on in the world . peter ( guardedly ) thanks . ( he glance from the newspaper to shapeley , wonder how much he suspect ) shapeley if you wanna get anywhere nowadays , you gotta keep in touch with all the news , be what I always say . peter ( eyeing he expectantly ) that 's right . shapeley ( point to paper ) take that story there , for instance . be kinda sweet if we could collect that ten thousand smacker . peter ( non-committally ) yeah—would not it ? shapeley it 's a lotta dough . if I be to run across that dame , you know what I would do ? peter what ? shapeley I would go fifty - fifty with you . peter why ? ? 267 ? shapeley Cause I be a guy that do not believe in hoggin ' it , see ? a bird that figure that way wind up behind the eight ball , [ 10 ] be what I always say . peter what 's on you mind ? shapeley ( hard ) five g's—or I crab the work . peter you be a pretty shrewd baby . ( look around ) we better get away from this gang . talk this thing over privately . and the view move with they as Peter lead the way toward a clump of bush off the side of the road , shapeley follow . they be conceal from the rest of the passenger . peter lucky thing , my run into you . just the man I need . shapeley ( smile broadly ) you be not make any mistake , believe you I . peter I can use a smart guy like you . shapeley ( expansively ) say listen , when you be talkin ' to old man shapeley , you be talk to— peter ( suddenly ) do you pack a gat ? [ 11 ] a close view of the two show the smile die on shapeley 's face . he look up quickly . shapeley huh ? peter a gat ! a gat ! ( feel he ) get any firework on you ? shapeley ( weakly ) why—no— peter ( carelessly ) that 's all right . I get a couple of machine gun in my suitcase . I will let you have one of they . ? 268 ? ( shapeley be beginning to realize he be in for something he have not bargain for , and stare speechlessly at Peter , who continue blandly ) expect a little trouble up North . May have to shoot it out with cop . the perspiration start appear on shapeley 's brow ( as we see he in a close - up ) . Peter 's voice continue : peter' voice ( with emphasis ) if you come through all right , you five G 's be in the bag . maybe more . I will talk to the " killer " —see that he take care of you . shapeley ( finally find he voice ) the killer ? peter ( see with shapeley ; watch the latter to gauge the effect of he word ) yeah— the " big boy " '' the boss of the outfit . shapeley ( shakily ) you be not kidnap she , be you ? peter ( tough ) what else , stupid ! you do not think we be after that penny - ante reward , do you ? ( contemptuously ) ten thousand buck ? Chicken feed ! we be hold she for a million smacker . shapeley ( stammer ) say , look ! I do not know it be anything like this , see—and '' peter what 's the matter with you ! gettin ' yellow ? shapeley ( raise he voice , pleadingly ) but I be a marry man . I get a couple of kid . I can not get mix up with— peter ( grip he arm ) sh-sh - sh— ! Soft pedal , you mug !— before i— what be you try to do ? tell the whole world about it ! ( low and menacingly ) now listen , you be in this thing—and you be stay in ! get I ? you know too much . shapeley ( frighten out of he wit ) I will not say anything . honest , I will not . ? 269 ? peter yeah ?— how do I know ? ( he reach into he coat threateningly ) I gotta good mind to plug you . ( argue with himself ) I should not take any chance on you . shapeley ( break down ) you can trust I , mister . I will keep my mouth shut . peter . yeah ? ( he glare at shapeley a moment silently , as if make up he mind ) what 's you name ? shapeley oscar shapeley . peter where do you live ? shapeley Orange , New Jersey . peter get a couple of kid , huh ? shapeley yeah . just baby . peter you love they , do not you ? shapeley ( sense the threat ; horrify ) oh , gee , mister—you would and t— you be not thinkin ' about— peter ( threateningly ) you will keep you trap shut , all right . shapeley ( quickly ) sure—sure '' I will keep my trap shut . you can depend on I , mister . peter if you do not '' ever hear of bug dooley ? shapeley no . peter Nice guy . just like you . but he make a big mistake , one day . get kind of talkative . know what happen ? his kid be find in the bottom of the ? 270 ? river . a rock tie around its neck . poor bug ! he could not take it . blew he brain out . ( shapeley can not stand much more of this . he be ready to keel over ) shapeley gee ! that musta be terrible . ( righteously ) I guess he have it come to he though . but do not you worry about I . I do not talk . I never talk . take my word for it . gee , I would not want anything to happen to my kid . peter okay . just remember that . now beat it . shapeley ( grab Peter 's hand and shaking it gratefully ) oh , thanks , thanks , mister . I always know you guy be kind -heart . peter ( put he hand away ) come on , scram ! and stay away from that bus . shapeley sure . anything you say . as he say this , he back away from Peter , follow which a close - up of peter show a twinkle in he eye and then , as see by Peter , shapeley appear walk hurriedly away . when he think the distance be safe he start run . he slip and fall in the mud , pick himself up , and continue he race for life . the scene dissolves to the road , at night , with ellie and Peter walk along . it be apparent they have be trudging like this for a long time . ellie poor old shapeley . you should not have frighten he like that . peter at the rate he start , he 's probably pass two state line by this time . the exercise be good for he . ellie yes , I notice he be get a little fat lately . ( she grab she side ) ouch ! peter what 's the matter ? ellie ( grimace ) I be never build for this moonlight stroll . ( protest ) why do we have to leave the bus ? ? 271 ? peter I do not trust that chatterbox . the scene dissolves to the bank of a narrow stream at night . Peter be bend over , remove he shoe , and we see the two closer as they talk . peter first town we hit in the morning , you better wire you father . ellie not as long as I be alive . peter okay with I , if you can stand the starvation diet . ellie what do you mean—starvation ? peter it take money to buy food . ellie why , have not you— ? peter ( interrupt ) not a sou . I have some before the fainting scene . ellie you do not give that boy all you money ? peter I do not give he anything . you be the big-heart gal . how about wiring you father now ? ellie never ! I will get to New York if I have to starve all the way . peter ( risingutter a deep sigh ) must be some strange power westley have over you woman . ( he now have he shoe off and tie they to each other ) how do you expect to get there ? ellie to New York ? peter yeah . ellie I be follow you . peter be not you afraid of I ? ? 272 ? ellie ( confidently ) no . peter ( look at she ) okay . hang on to this . as he bend down in front of ellie , he get a firm grip around she leg and throw she over he shoulder like a sack . she squeal , terrify , but Peter ignore this ; and with he right hand , which be free , he lift the suitcase and start walk across the stream . ellie 's first fright be go and she now rather enjoy the sensation of be carry by Peter . she let herself go completely limp , still cling to he shoe , which she carry by the string . as they walk , the dangle shoe keep hit Peter 's backside . peter I wish you would stop be playful . ellie ( thereupon hold the shoe out at a safe distance ) sorry . ( Peter take several more laborious step before either of they speak ) ellie it 's the first time I have ride " piggy - back " in year . peter this be not " piggy -back . " ellie of course it be . peter you be crazy . ellie ( after a silence for several second ) I remember distinctly Father take I for a " piggy - back " ride '' peter and he carry you like this , I suppose . ellie yes . peter ( with finality ) you father do not know bean about " piggy - back " riding . ellie ( another silence before she speak again ) my uncle— mother 's brother—had four child . . . and I have see they ride " piggy -back . " ? 273 ? peter I do not think there 's a " piggy - back " rider in you whole family . I never know a rich man yet who be a good " piggy - back " rider . ellie that 's silly . peter to be a " piggy - backer " it take complete relaxation—a warm heart—and a loving nature . ellie and rich people have none of that qualification , I suppose . peter not a one . ellie you be prejudice . peter show I a good " piggy - back " rider and I will show you somebody that 's human . take abraham lincoln , for instance—a natural " piggy -backer . " ( contemptuously ) where do you get off with you stuff - shirt family ? ( turn ) why , you father know so much about " piggy - back " riding that he— in he excitement he wheel around to speak to she , forget that as he turn she go with he . not find she at he right , he swing around to he leave . naturally he take ellie with him—and realize he mistake he mutter : peter aw , nut ! he proceed on he way , walk faster than before . they continue this way silently for some time . finally ellie break the silence . ellie ( persistently ) my father be a great " piggy -backer . " Peter raise he eye heavenward in thorough disgust , then calmly hand he suitcase to she . peter hold this a minute . ellie take the suitcase from he , and he hand now free , he deliver a resounding smack on she backside , so that ellie let out a yelp . peter ( take the suitcase ) thank you . ? 274 ? the scene dissolves to the edge of a cow pasture , at night , and ellie and Peter be reveal climb under a barb wire fence , follow which the scene dissolves to a haystack , in front . Peter set he bag down and survey the layout , ellie watch he . peter ( to himself ) this look like the best spot . ellie we be not go to sleep out here , be we ? peter I do not know about you , but I be go to give a fairly good imitation of it . and he busy himself lay out a bed for she , pull hay from the stack and spread it out on the ground . ellie wander aim -lessly and then move to a rock , where she sit and watch Peter . ellie ( after a pause ; coyly ) peter— peter ( as a close view show he still arrange she bed ; grumble ) what ? ellie' voice I be hungry . peter ( without look up ) just you imagination . ellie ( see at the rock , while Peter be out of sight ) no , it be not . I be hungry and—and scared . peter' voice you can not be hungry and scared at the same time . ellie ( insist ) well , I be . peter ( as both he and ellie be see in they respective place ) if you be scared it scare the hunger out of you . ellie ( argumentatively ) not if you be more hungry than scared . peter ( impatiently ) all right . you win . let 's forget it . ? 275 ? ellie ( after a pause ) I can not forget it . I be still hungry . peter ( tear he hair ; scream ) Holy smoke ! why do I ever get mix up with you ! this bring silence , and he go on building a bed for she . then a close - up of ellie show she watch he . her eye soften . a very definite interest in he be slowly but surely blossoming , and the fact that he be make she bed add to the intimacy of the scene . a close view of peter show he concentrate on he task , but he pause a moment and turn to glance at she . it be a devour look , which he quickly dispel by work more feverishly on she bed . peter ( mutter while he work ) if I have any sense , I would have be in New York by this time . ( he emphasize he feeling by yanking viciously at the hay as both of they be now see ) take a marry woman back to she husband . hunh ! what a prize sucker I turn out to be . ( he have she bed ready ; without glance at she ) come on—your bed 's all ready . she , watch he a moment , then rise slowly , start toward Peter . then she stand over she bed , surveying it speculatively . ellie I will get my clothes all wrinkle . peter ( sharply ) well , take they off . ellie ( shocked ) what ! peter ( shouting ) all right ! do not take they off . do whatever you please . but shut up about it . she flash he a petulant , offended glance but it be lose on Peter , who have he back to she , and meticulously , she slip to she knee and proceed to stretch out on the hay . the hay bed be bumpy and hard and she have quite a difficult time get comfortable ; she effort to do so be accompany by painful sigh . a close view show peter stop to watch she , and he look be sympathetic and solicitous . then while ellie groan and sigh and pound the hay with she palm , Peter step out of sight . ellie be unaware of he departure , so busily occupy be she with she makeshift bedding . she squirm around unhappily and finally stretch out , decide to make the best of it . she lie on she back , she hand clasped under she head , look up at the star . ellie ( see close , as she be lie back on hay bed ) you be become terribly disagreeable lately . snap my head off every time I open my mouth . ? 276 ? ( she wait for a reply , but receive none ) if be with I be so distasteful to you , you can leave . ( independently ) you can leave any time you see fit . nobody 's keep you she . ( martyr-like ) I can get along . she wait a second and then turn to see what effect this have on he . the fact that Peter be go do not quite register at first . she look around calmly , then be puzzle , and finally she become panicky . she sit up with a start . ellie ( murmure , frighten ) peter— ( there be a pause while she listen , but nothing stir , and there be more apprehension in she voice ) Peter ! Real terror come into she face , and she be ready to cry . she get to she foot . ellie ( with a terrify outcry ) Peter !! at this he come run into the scene ; under he arm he have a watermelon . peter what 's the matter ? ellie ( relieved ) oh , peter— ( she throw she arm around he neck and sob freely ) peter ( hoarsely ) what 's get into you ? ellie ( cling to he ) oh , Peter ! I be so scared . with he free hand he remove she arm from around he neck and start away . peter ( set the watermelon down ) I be not go more than a minute . just go out to find you something to eat . ellie ( a sob still in she voice ) I know—but— ? 277 ? peter ( kick the melon over to she ) here . eat you head off . ellie I do not want it now . peter ( vehemently ) think you be hungry ! ellie I was—but— peter but what ! ellie I be so scared—that it scared— peter ( exasperatedly ) Holy jumping catfish ! you can drive a guy crazy . he kick the melon viciously out of sight , and without any particular preparation or fuss , he flop down on he bed , follow which ellie go to she bed and lie down , too . then a close view of ellie appear , and at the moment she look far remove from the spoiled , pampere , self - reliant brat of Alexander andrew . instead , she be a helpless baby , cling to Peter 's protective wing . she would be ever so grateful right now for a little civility on he part , for a little tenderness and understanding , and she glance over at he , hopefully . peter , however , stare up at the star , dreamily ; and we then see ellie turn away from he , disappointed . still , the minute ellie turn she head , Peter look at she out of the corner of he eye , and it 's a long and steady gaze . then suddenly he get a idea and rise . he find he topcoat and go to she . peter might get chilly later on . ( he spread it over she ) better use this . as he bend down to tuck she in , they face be see in close proximity . ellie , tremulous and fearful , have she eye peel on he . the situation be imminent with danger ; anything be likely to happen at this moment ; and she be frighten and expectant—she know how weak she would be , if he suddenly crush she in he arm . Peter avoid she gaze . he , too , be a bit shaky . the temptation be there and he resistance be wane . he tuck she in and quickly turn away . ellie 's eye , however , never leave he . immediate danger have vanish , and it leave she a little regretful . a close view of peter , as he walk over to a rock and sit down , show he nervously take out a cigarette and lighting it . peter you have have a lot of man crazy about you , have not you ? ellie do not respond . she have the scrutinize , speculative look of a girl who feel herself fall in love with someone who be practically a stranger to she , as a result of which she be ? 278 ? frighten . then a wider view include both of they and we see that Peter , too , fight valiantly against a mount interest in this girl , who epitomize everything he dislike . he create the impression in the follow scene that in he analysis of she he be try to dissuade himself from something he be bound to regret . his attack on she , consequently , be overly vicious . peter I guess you have pretty much have you own way with they . that 's you trouble mostly . you have always have you own way . that 's why you be such a mess now . he pause a second , wait for a protest , but ellie offer none ; she be too much absorb in she own confusing emotion . a close view then show peter take a long puff on he cigarette and exhaling the smoke , watch it vanish before he speak . peter ( suddenly ) you know what generally happen to people like you ? you get you value all mix up . you attach all the importance to the wrong thing . right now , for instance , there 's only one think in you mind—to get back to king westley . he wait for a reaction , but a close view show ellie absorb , and she remain silent . Peter 's voice continue . peter' voice comical part of it be , it be not what you want at all . in a couple of week you will be look for the nearest exit . . . ( now see with she ) people like you spend all you life on a merry - go-round . I guess that 's what make you so dizzy . ( he rise and pace a few moment ) you be always chase after something . at least you think you be . Truth be , you be just run away . ( emphatically ) from yourself , mostly . ' Cause you be miserable . you hate yourself . the world 's full of people like you . do not know what they want . ellie do you know ? peter sure . ellie what ? peter ( flatly ) nothing . ( after a pause ) nothing you would give two cent for . ? 279 ? ellie ( see close ) try I . peter' voice I just want to be let alone , that 's all . life 's swell if you do not try too hard . most people want to get a strangle - hold on it . they be not live . they be just feverish . ( now appear with she ) if they do not get themselves all ball up with a lot of manufacture value , they would find what they want . peace and calm . when you get right down to it , what 's all the shootin ' for , will you tell I ? after all , you can only eat three meal a day , only sleep in one bed '' ( look up ) right now , that hay feel pretty good to you , do not it ? sure it do . ' Cause you be tired—and it 's the only thing around . ellie you sound like a hobo . peter I be . I only work when I have to . two year ago I get a notion and go to China . there be a war go on . swell ! after a while it get stale . I go down to tahiti . just lay on the beach for six month . what could be sweeter ? ellie do not sound very exciting . peter , see close , look at she for a long time before speak : peter I guess not . I would have give odd it would not mean anything to you . ( he go over and flop down on he own side of hay ) there be moment when I have hope . when i—aw , I be waste time '' you be destine to be a dope the rest of you life . ( contemptuously ) I pity you . goodnight . he turn over with a finality that preclude any further discussion , follow which a close - up of ellie reveal that she eye be wide open , stare thoughtfully up at the sky . the scene fade out slowly . part Seven a road fade in . it be day now , and Peter and ellie be trundle along . ellie limp , and wear a unhappy expression on she face . ellie what be you think about ? peter by a strange coincidence , I be think of you . ? 280 ? ellie ( pleased ) really ? peter yeah . I be just wonder what make dame like you so dizzy . ellie what would you say we be suppose to be do ? peter hitch-hike . ellie well , you have give I a very good example of the hike '' ( strongly ) where do the hitching come in ? peter ( amused at she ) a little early yet . no car out yet . she spy a rock and head for it . then we see she seat on the rock . ellie if it 's just the same to you , we will sit right here till they come . ( Peter come over , set he bag down , and prepare to wait ) get a toothpick ? peter no . but I have get a penknife . ( he extract one from he pocket which he snap open ) ellie hay—in my tooth . she point to she front tooth , and Peter flick the hay out of she tooth . peter there it be . better swallow it . we be not go to have any breakfast . ellie need not rub it in . ( Peter take a carrot out of he coat pocket and start nibble on it ; ellie look up at this ) what be you eat ? peter carrot . ellie Raw ? peter uh-huh . want one ? ? 281 ? ellie ( emphatically ) no !! ( as Peter smack he lip with satisfaction ) it 's a wonder you could not get I something I can eat . peter you do not think I be go around panhandle for you . ( he take a bite ) best thing in the world for you'carrot . have a tough time get they . if that farmer ever catch me—goodnight ! ellie I hate the horrid stuff . while she speak a car roar by at terrific speed . Peter and ellie both jump up . peter I wish you would not talk too much . we let a car get away . ( ellie go back to she rock , despondently ) ellie what if nobody stop for we ? peter oh , they will stop , all right . it 's a matter of know how to hail they . ellie you be a expert , I suppose . peter expert ! go to write a book on it . call the " hitch -hiker hail . " ellie there 's no end to you accomplishment . peter you think it 's simple , huh ? ellie ( exaggeratedly ) oh , no ! peter well , it be simple . it 's all in the thumb , see ? a lot of people do it— ( wave ) like this . ( he shake he head sadly ) but they be all wrong . never get anywhere . ellie tch ! tch ! I be sorry for the poor thing . ? 282 ? peter but the thumb always work . different way to do it , though . depend on how you feel . for instance , number one be a short , jerky movement '' ( he demonstrate ) that show independence . you do not care if they stop or not . ' Cause you get some money in you pocket , see ? ellie clever . peter number two be a wider movement—a smile go with that one—like this . ( he demonstrate ) that mean you get a couple of brand new storey about the farmer 's daughter . [ 12 ] ellie you figure that all out yourself , huh ? peter oh , that 's nothing . now take number three , for instance . that 's a pip . it 's the pathetic one . when you be broke—and hungry—and everything look black . it 's a long movement like this '' ( demonstrate ) —with a follow through . ellie amazing . peter hm ? yeah , but it 's no good if you have not get a long face with it . in the distance a car be hear approach , and ellie look up quickly . ellie ( excitedly ) here come a car ! peter ( alert ) now watch I . I be go to use number one . keep you eye on that thumb , baby , and see what happen . Peter step forward into the road and do he thumb movement . the car approach , but speed right by , spread a cloud of dust in Peter 's face , leave he stare at the depart car , nonpluss . thereupon ellie ( see close ) glance up at he , a satirical expression on she face . ellie ( sarcastically ) I be still watch you thumb . Peter be still look after the car . ? 283 ? peter something must have go wrong . I guess I will try number two . ellie when you get up to a hundred , wake I up . another car be hear come , and Peter step forward , prepare to hail it . then this dissolves to a long view of the road as a stream of car of every description speed forward ( " toward the camera " ) and vanish . the view move in to the side of the road , Peter be see still in the same spot . he wave he arm , jerk he thumb , indulge in all sort of gyration , while ellie remain slump on she rock , completely wear out . now ellie watch Peter out of the corner of she eye , she face expressionless . Peter continue he arm waving—but slow down like a mechanical toy which have run out . he finally get down to just thumbing he nose at the pass vehicle ; and then thoroughly weary , he flop down on a rock near ellie . peter I guess maybe I will not write that book after all . ellie yes . but look at all the fun you have . ( as he glare at she ) mind if I try ? peter ( contemptuously ) you ! do not make I laugh . ellie you be such a smart aleck ! nobody can do anything but you . I will show you how to stop a car—and I will not use my thumb . the scene widen as she rise and step forward . peter what be you go to do ? ellie mind you own business . she lift she skirt to above she knee and pretend to be fix she garter . her very attractive leg be in full display . almost instantly , we hear the scream and grind of quickly apply brake , and Peter look up astonished . the scene wiping off , we then get a closer view of ellie and Peter sit in the back of a open Ford . it be a break -down , rickety affair of the 1920 vintage . ellie grin victoriously up at Peter , who stare ahead of he , glumly . ellie you might give I a little credit . peter what for ? ? 284 ? ellie I prove once and for all that the limb be mightier than the thumb . peter why do not you take all you clothes off ? you could have stop forty car . ellie we do not need forty car . Peter glare at she , and ellie 's eye twinkle mischievously , follow which we get a wider view which include the driver of the car , danker . he be a man of about thirty , a heavy set , loose chin person ; at the moment he be sing a aria from some opera . he suddenly stop , turn to ellie and Peter in the back seat . danker so you have just be marry , huh ? well , that 's pretty good . if I be young , that 's just the way I would spend my honeymoon_hitch-hiking . y-e 's s-i-r ! and for no reason except that he cue himself into it , he burst forth into song gustily . danker ( sing ) " hiking down the highway of love on a honeymoon . hitch-hike down— down-down -down the highway down— . " ellie and Peter in the back of the car react to the noise danker make . peter hey , hey , be not you afraid you will burn out a tonsil ? danker tonsil ? me? no ! I burn a tonsil ? ( sing ) " my tonsils will not burn— as life 's corner I . . . peter ( give up ) all right , let it go . danker ( complete he last line ) . . . turn . " the scene dissolves to the front of a lunch wagon on a desert road , and danker 's car drive into the scene and stop . then we see danker turn to ellie and Peter . danker how about a bite to eat ? ? 285 ? ellie ( quickly ) why , I think that would be— peter ( stop she ) no , thanks . we be not hungry . danker ( sentimentally ) oh , I see , young people in love be never hungry . peter no . danker ( sing as he leave they ) " Young people in love be very seldom hungry . people in love be very seldom hungry . . . " when he be out of sight , Peter glare at ellie . peter what be you go to do ? gold dig he for a meal ? [ 13 ] ellie ( defiantly ) why not ? I be hungry . peter eat a carrot . ellie never ! ( she start out of car ) I be go in and ask him— peter ( grab she arm ) if you do , I will break you neck . she look up at he glower face , realize he mean it , and wilt under he dominant gaze . peter let 's get out and stretch we leg . Peter get out , follow by ellie , and they walk away from the car . both be silent . at the door of the lunch wagon , then , danker come out and look around furtively . ellie and Peter , as see by he , appear , walk away , follow which the view move over to the Ford and drop down to a close - up of Peter 's suitcase . now danker look about quickly and start toward he car . he spring into the car , step on the starter , and be off . ellie and peter hear the motor . they wheel around , and they eye widen in surprise . ? 286 ? peter hey ! he fling he coat at ellie and dash after the Ford . he be then see run after it when the car turn around a bend in the road . Peter continue the pursuit . this scene wiping off , the ford now make its appearance around the bend , and as it approach , Peter be see at the wheel . he look like he 's just be through a fight . and as Peter ride in , ellie come run toward he . ellie ( a note of great relief in she voice ) oh , Peter ! what happen ? be you all right ? peter come on—get in . ellie ( notice a gash in he cheek ) oh , you have be hurt ! there 's a cut on— peter ( impatiently ) come on ! come on ! ( at this she run around to get in the other side ) ellie ( as she run ) what happen ? peter ( as we see they closer ) just a road thief . pick people up and run off with they stuff . what a racket ! ( by this time she be in the car ) ellie what would you give he for the car ? peter a black eye . ( thereupon the car move out of sight ) a close view show Peter and ellie drive along in the Ford . Peter look ahead , uncommunicatively . ellie glance up at he , and it be plain that something 's on she mind . ellie ( a little self - consciously ) look—uh—how be the'uhuhuots hold out ? any leave ? Peter glance at she . he know what a concession this be on she part , and he smile sympathetically . peter ( tenderly ) you do not have to eat the carrot . ( as she look she surprise ) just pass a pond with some duck in it . ellie ( with a cry of joy ) darling ! ? 287 ? she reach up and kiss he cheek , and Peter beam happily . peter ( look worried ) have not much gas leave in this thing . get to start promote some . ( throw she he coat ) better take the thing out of the pocket of that coat . ought to be good for ten gallon . the scene fade out . part eight andrews ' study fade in , afford a close view of King westley . he answer every description we have have of he . he be a stiff , handsome , stuff - shirt gigolo . he sit in a chair , lean on a cane , he glove loosely in he hand . the view then move back to reveal andrew , who , from the open of the scene , be speak as he pace around the room . andrews I have not change my mind , westley , I want you to understand that ! I do not like you ! I never have ! I never will ! that 's clear enough , be not it ? king you have make that quite evident—with all you threat of annulment . ( confident ) well , it have not bother I for a minute . ellie and I get marry because we love each other . and she 's prove it ; as far as I be concerned there 's go to be no annulment . andrews ( hard ) you have get a good thing and you be hang on to it , huh ? ( andrew smile in a very superior manner ) all right , you win . I will just have to get use to you . I admit I be lick . but only because I be worried . I have have detective all over the country search for she . I have see thousand of photograph . fortune teller , nut , every crank in the country have write I . ( quietly ) have not sleep one night this week . if I do not find she , I will go crazy . westley I might have be able to help if it be not for you . I have be watch so closely , i— andrews ( impatiently ) yes . I know . well , you can help now . I issue a statement yesterday that I have withdraw my objection . begging she to come home . I have not hear from she . apparently she do not trust I . ? 288 ? westley why should she ? after all— andrews ( interrupt ) all right . that 's why I send for you . ( point to next room ) there 's a room full of reporter out there . I want you to make a statement—that you have have a talk with me—that we have reach a understanding—that if ellen come home , I will not interfere with you marriage . will you do that ? westley if you really mean it , I will . andrews ( strongly ) of course I mean it ! I do not care whom she 's marry to— ( softly ) 'as long as I can get she back . ( he start out ) as andrew open the door , a number of reporter enter . andrews come in , boy . this be my—uh—this be King westley . ( westley rise ) he have a statement to make . reporter hello , westley . . . how do you do . ( they group around he ) the scene dissolves to the side of a lonely road at night . first there be a close - up of a newspaper headline , which read . andrews withdraws objection magnate and aviator reconcile " everything all right . come home , darling , " say westley . then the view draw back revealing that the newspaper be in the hand of ellie , who sit in the car alone , gaze at the headline . then Peter 's voice be hear . peter' voice all right , brat . at the sound of he voice , she be startle , and she quickly fold the paper and throw it out of sight . she start to get out of the car . ellie ( as she scramble out of the car just as Peter come up to she ) any luck ? peter yeah . he finally agree to let we have a room . ? 289 ? ellie what about money ? peter talk he out of it . he think we be go to stay a week . I will have to think of something before morning . ellie that 's swell ! peter I be glad you think so . if you ask I , it 's foolish . I tell you there 's no sense in we stay here tonight . we could make New York in less than three hour . ellie I could not arrive in New York at three in the morning . everybody 's in bed . peter ( after a pause ) okay . ( with a wave of he hand ) Cottage number Three . as they start toward it , the scene cut to the owner' cabin . the owner of the auto camp and he wife be stand at window , look out . she be a hatchet - face shrew . he be meek and docile . wife there you go—trustin ' people again . how many time do I tell you '' owner he look like a upright young feller to I , ma. wife yeah . they be all upright till they walk out on you . owner Said he be gonna stay a week . wife mebbe . owner worst come to the worst , we get he car for security . wife ( unconvince ) I do not trust he . the scene cut to the inside of a cabin not unlike the previous auto camp cabin in which Peter and ellie spend a night . Peter 's open suitcase be on a chair , over which he lean . ellie walk around , puffing at a cigarette . ? 290 ? peter ( without look up ) well , here we be on the last lap . ellie cross to the window and stare out moodily . Peter remove several thing from he suitcase and lay they on the bed . there be a strain silence between they , as both be lose in they own thought . a close view of peter as he putter abstractedly with the content of he bag create the impression that he empty it tonight rather ruefully . it somehow spell finis to they adventure . peter ( strangely ) tomorrow morning , you will be in the arm of you husband . ellie ( see close ) turn away from the window and look at Peter . she stare this way for a long moment before speak . ellie ( in a still , small voice ) yes . you will have a great story , will not you ? peter ( dryly ) yeah , swell . Peter take the rope out of he bag . it be the one use for the " wall of jericho " previously . he lay it aside and then , remember , retrieve it . for a moment he hold it in he hand , speculatively ; then turn , proceed to tack it up . the noise of the tack attract ellie 's attention , and ellie ( again see close ) turn and look toward Peter . ellie be that the wall of jericho go up ? peter' voice yep ! the wall of jericho . ( at which she turn back to the window ) peter ( also see close ) stretch the rope across the room and tack the other side . peter ( then reach for blanket ) we certainly outsmart you father . ( he throw the blanket over the rope ) I guess you ought to be happy . there be no response from she , a close view revealing that she quite obviously be not happy . they be now separate by the blanket , and Peter get she pajamas from he suitcase and throw they over the blanket . ellie thank you . ( there be silence while Peter start undress ) ellie ( suddenly ) be I go to see you in New York ? ? 291 ? peter ( laconically ) nope . ellie why not ? peter glance up at the " wall of jericho " and after a speculative pause , speak quietly . peter I do not make it a policy to run around with marry woman . a close - up of ellie , disclose only she neck and shoulder , show she slip out of she clothes . she pauses—then look up . ellie no harm in you come to see we . peter' voice not interested . ( at this ellie 's face fall , this be a definite rebuff ) ellie ( weakly ) wo not I ever see you again ? peter ( see close ) be now get into he pajamas . peter what do you want to see I for ? I have serve my purpose . I bring you back to King westley , do not I ? ( he mouth screw up bitterly ) that 's what you want , be not it ? ellie be already in bed , stare up at the ceiling . ellie Peter , have you ever be in love ? peter crawl into bed . peter I probably do the world a great favor at that . get two pinhead out of circulation . ( he reach over and light a cigarette ) cupid think he 's do something when he bring two lover together . what good 's that ? I be bring two pain - in - the-neck together . I think I will start a institution—hang out a shingle . the view now widen to include both side of the blanket . ellie do not hear a word of Peter 's attack . she be too intent on she own thought . ellie have not you ever want to fall in love ? peter I ? ? 292 ? ellie yes . have not you think about it at all ? seem to I you could make some girl wonderfully happy . peter ( disdainfully ) maybe . ( after a pause ) sure—sure , I have think about it . who have not ? if I ever meet the right sort of a girl , I would '' ( interrupt himself ) yeah , but where you go to find her—somebody that 's real—somebody that 's alive ? they do not come that way any more . ellie be disappointment be apparent . peter ( see close ) I have even be sucker enough to make plan . ( a long puff on he cigarette ) I see a island in the Pacific once . never be able to forget it . that 's where I would like to take she . but she would have to be the sort of a girl that would jump in the surf with I on moonlight nights—and love it as much as I do . ( he lose himself in he romantic contemplation ) you know , that night when you and the moon and the water all become one—when something come over you—and you feel that you be part of something big and marvelous . ( sighing ) that be the only place to live . where the star be so close over you head that you feel you could reach right up and stir they around . a close - up of ellie at this point show that she be affect by he stir description of a heaven—from which she be exclude , as she listen to he continue . peter' voice certainly I have be think about it . Boy , if I could ever find a girl who 's hungry for that thing '' peter ( again see close ) have dispose of he cigarette and now stare dreamily heavenward . peter I be go to swim in the surf with she '' I be go to reach up and grab star for she '' I be go to laugh with her—and cry with she . I be go to kiss she wet lips—and— suddenly stop , he turn he head slowly , sense ellie 's nearness ; and the view , draw back to include ellie , show she stand at he bedside , look down at he yearningly . then we see they close together : Peter 's face be immobile . ellie drop to she knee . ? 293 ? ellie ( fervently ) take I with you , Peter . take I to you island . I want to do all that thing you talk about . Peter stare at she lovely face . his heart cry out with a impulse to crush she in he arm . peter ( after a long pause ; hoarsely ) better go back to you bed . ellie ( simply ) I love you . peter ( argue with himself ) you be forget you be marry . ellie ( tensely ) I do not care . I love you . nothing else matter . we can run away . everything will take care of itself . ( begging ) please , Peter . you can not go out of my life now . I could not live without you . ( in a choke voice ) oh , peter— sob , she lay she head on he breast and throw she arm around he . all be quiet for a moment as ellie 's head rest on he breast , while Peter struggle with a overwhelming urge to pour out he heart to she . peter ( scarcely audible ) better go back to you bed . there be a lengthy pause , neither of they stir . then ellie slowly raise she tear- stain face and get to she foot . ellie ( whisper ) I be sorry . she turn and disappear behind the blanket . Peter remain motionless . then a close view show ellie , as she get into bed , sobbing quietly . she hide she face in the pillow to suppress she sob . it be the first time in she life that she have be so deeply hurt . a close view next show Peter reach over for a cigarette , which he light . all he movement be thoughtful , meditative . he lean back and stare at the ceiling , until we see only the cigarette in he mouth as it emit slowly rise puff of smoke . this dissolve , the cigarette be see to be burnt three quarter down , a long , frail ash hang perilously on . Peter be then see as he remove the cigarette from he mouth and crush it in a tray . he lean back on the pillow and for a moment he be quiet . then glance over in ellie 's direction , he call to she : ? 294 ? peter ( softly call ) hey , brat— ! ( a pause ) do you mean that ? would you really go ? ( he wait for a response , but none come . he try again ) hey , brat— he listens—all be quiet . he slip he cover off and cross to the blanket , and peer over it . she be asleep . her tear - stain face rest on the pillow , she arm extend over she head . it be a childlike posture . peter be watch she tenderly . he speculate whether to awaken she and decide against it . he start away . Peter tiptoe around the room for a few moment , deep in think . then as a idea which he have be turn over in he mind begin to take form , he hastily begin dress . the scene dissolve , Peter be see completely clothed and start for the door when he think of something . he turn back , grab he suitcase , stop to throw a kiss to ellie , and go out into the night . thereupon the scene wipe off , disclose a Gas Station along the road at night . here Peter be talk to a station attendant . peter all I be ask be enough gas to get I to New York . the bag 's worth twenty - five dollar . man ( hesitatingly ) yeah , but I get a bag . my wife give I one for Christmas . peter ( " high - pressure " he ) listen , man '' I will tell you what I will do . when I come back in the morning , I will buy it back from you and give you ten dollar profit ? what do you say ? man ( look at Peter 's hat ) I be not get a hat— peter what ? man I be not get a hat . peter ( promptly put it on he head ) well , you get one now . '' come on , fill 'er up . while he be still talk the scene dissolves to a view of Peter drive furiously , a broad , happy grin on he face , follow which several scene wipe off in succession ( denote the passage of time ) uscene of Peter drive at high speed , cause several cow to amble out of the way ; of the car drive into the Holland tunnel , and of the back room of a speakeasy where Peter stand in ? 295 ? front of a small desk upon which there be a typewriter . near he be a swarthy italian . peter Fine ! that 's fine , tony . now get I a drink and make sure nobody disturb I for half a hour . italian ( go out ) sure . sure , Pete . as Peter plant himself in front of the machine , the scene dissolves to a close - up of the typewriter carriage upon which be type the word : " —and that 's the full and exclusive story of ellen andrew ' adventure on the road . as soon as she marriage to King westley be annull , she and Peter warne , famous newspaperman—and undoubtedly the most promise young novelist of the present era—will be marry . " the view draw back , Peter re-read the last sentence , smile contentedly , and as he yank out the sheet , the scene wipe off disclose the outside of gordon' office , the sign on the door read : " Office '' Mr. Gordon . " Gordon 's secretary be at she desk as Peter breeze in . peter ( rumpling she hair ) hello , agnes . agnes better not go in . he will shoot you on sight . peter ( enter ) I have not be shot at for day . in gordon' office , Gordon be at he desk . he look up when Peter enter . gordon ( rise to he full height menacingly ) get out of here ! peter ( advance ) wait a minute , Gordon '' i— gordon ( quietly ) get out ! Peter reach he side , and grab he by the arm . peter Joe , listen— gordon do not " Joe " I . ? 296 ? peter okay , Joe . listen—you know I have always like you . anytime I could do you a great turn—anytime I run into a story that look good '' I always come run to you , do not I ? well , I get one now . that wire I send you be on the level . it 's the biggest scoop of the year . I be give it to you , Joe . gordon you mean about the andrew ' kid ? peter that 's it . ( tapping he pocket ) I get it all write up . ready to go . all I want be a thousand dollar . upon hearing this gordon be ready to jump out of he skin . gordon a thousand dollar ! ( furiously ) get out of this office before I throw you out bodily . peter do not get sore , Joe . this be something you get to do for I . I need a thousand dollars—and I need it quick . I be in a jam . gordon ( soften ) what 's the thousand buck for ? peter to tear down the wall of jericho . gordon what ! peter never mind . . . listen—suppose I should tell you that ellen andrew be go to have she marriage annull . gordon huh ? peter that she 's go to marry somebody else . gordon you be drunk . peter would a exclusive story like that be worth a thousand buck to you ? gordon if it 's on the level . peter well , I get it , Joe . ? 297 ? gordon who 's she gonna marry ? peter ( take out the story from he pocket ) it 's all right here . give I the thousand and it 's yours . gordon ( skeptically ) I would not trust you as far as I could throw that desk . peter wait a minute , Joe . use you bean . I could not afford to hand you a phoney yarn , like that . I would be crazy . there be not a newspaper in the country would give I a job after that ! I could go to jail ! gordon I would put you there myself . peter sure . I would not blame you , either . gordon who 's the guy she 's gonna marry ? peter I be , Joe . gordon ( he eye widen ) you ! peter yeah . gordon now I know you be drunk . ( he grab he hat ) I be go home . do not annoy I any more . peter ( run after Gordon as the latter start out ) for heaven 's sake , joe—stop be a editor for just a minute . ( he grab he arm ) we have be friend for a long time , have not we ? you ought to know when I be serious . this be on the level . Gordon be affect by the sincere note in Peter 's voice . peter I meet she on a bus come from Miami . be with she every minute . ( hoarsely ) I be in love with she , Joe . gordon well , I will be— ? 298 ? peter listen , pal—you have get to get this money for I . now. Minutes count . she 's wait for I in a auto camp outside of Philadelphia . I have get to get right back . you see , she do not know I be go . ( self - consciously ) a guy can not propose to a girl without a cent in the world , can he ? while Peter have be speak Gordon stare into space thoughtfully . gordon what a story ! ( picture it ) on she way to join she husband , ellen andrew fall in love with— ( alertunting paper out of Peter 's hand ) lemme see that a minute . he move to he desk excitedly , and Peter , a gleam of hope in he eye , join he , follow which the scene cut to the shack of the camp owner and wife in the early morning . the owner be suddenly startle out of he sleep by the voice of he wife call , " zeke ! zeke ! " he look up , just as she rush into the room . wife I tell you ! I tell you , you could not trust he ! he 's go ! owner who ? wife that feller last night , that 's who ! he be gonna stay a week , huh ? well , he 's skip . take the car with he , too . we would not have know a thing about it until morning if I have not take that magnesia . ( pull at he ) come on , get up , do not lay there . let 's do something about it . thereupon the scene cut to the auto camp cabin afford a close view of ellie toss restlessly in she sleep . suddenly there be a loud bang on the door , and ellie , startle , awaken . the pound continue , ellie look around , frighten . the door suddenly burst open , and the owner and wife enter . they both glance over at Peter 's side . wife see that . they be go ! owner ( timidly ) look like it , do not it ? ( suddenly he see ellie ) here 's the woman , mar . wife ( full of fight—glaring at ellie ) oh !! ? 299 ? ellie ( in a close view at ellie 's bed as the owner and he wife come up to she ; timidly—sitting up ) what 's the matter ? wife where 's you husband , young lady '' ellie husband ? wife yes—if he be you husband . ellie be not he here ? wife no , he be not ! and the car 's go , too . ellie ( bewilder ) why , he will be back . wife yeah ? what make you think so ! he take he suitcase and everything . ( ellie be perceptibly startle by this piece of news ) kinda surprised , huh ? it 's just like I tell you , Zeke . they be not marry a'tall . . . there be a close view of ellie as the wife 's voice continue uninterruptedly : wife's voice . . . could tell she be a hussy just from the look of she . ellie be lose in think , try to adjust herself to the idea of Peter 's leave she like this . she scarcely hear what be be say . owner' voice hey ! you ! get any money ? ellie ( snap out of she trance ) why—no . wife ( the three now see together ) then—you will have to git ! owner yeah , you will have to git . ellie why , you can not put I out in the middle of the— ? 300 ? wife serve you right . oughta be careful who you take up with on the road . you can not go plyin ' you trade in my camp . ellie but can not you wait until morning '' wife ai not gonna wait a minute . owner not a minute ! wife better start gettin ' into you clothes . owner yeah . wife ( glaring at he ) Zeke . ( he look up startle ) git ! owner ( disappointed ) yes , ma. as Zeke leave , the wife plunk herself in a chair , grimly determine to wait until ellie get dress and out . ellie can I use you telephone ? I want to talk to New York . wife you be not gonna stick I for no phone call . you can go down to the sheriff 's office . the scene thereupon cut to the exterior of the auto cabin as ellie emerge , the wife stand in the doorway . in the foreground several people be scattered around the courtyard . one woman wash stocking under a pump . a man be change the tire on he car . ellie come down the step and cross the courtyard . wife ( shouting to she ) and listen , next time better keep away from here . I run a respectable place . ellie do not turn , but walk straight forward , try to maintain she poise . the people in the courtyard turn to stare at she , and one of they snicker . the scene dissolves to gordon' office as Peter be pockete the money . Gordon be fondle the story . peter thanks , pal . you save my life . ? 301 ? gordon ( wave the story ) okay , pete . ( he drop the story on the desk and escort peter out , he arm around he shoulder ) for my dough , ( smile ) you be still the best newspaperman in the business . they reach the door , which peter open . then they appear at the doorway . through the open door the secretary stare dumbfounded at they friendliness . gordon s'long , kid . and good luck . outside gordon' office , peter kiss the secretary as he pass through . peter ' bye , agnes . you be beautiful . all woman be beautiful ! ( he go out ) Gordon be immediately electrify into action . gordon oh , boy ! what a yarn ! what a yarn ! ( suddenly ) get I hank on the phone . gotta hold up the morning edition . while he speak he dash back to he desk . we then see he in he office . secretary's voice there 's hank . gordon ( grab phone ) hank ! listen . hold the morning edition . break down the front page . gonna have a completely new layout '' send a couple of re-write man in here . do not do a thing '' I get a story that will make you hair curl . during he speech , he other phone have be ringing persistently . he have ignore it until now . he pick up receiver : gordon ( into the second phone ) yeah . yeah . do not annoy I . I be busy . ( he bang up receiver , and turn back to the first phone ) listen , hank ! dig out all the andrew picture . get healy out of bed . I want a cartoon right away . ( the second phone ring impatiently , but Gordon ignore it ) with King westley in it . he 's wait at the church . Big tear stream down he face . his bride have not show up . Old man andrew be there , ? 302 ? too . laugh he head off . everything exaggerated . you know '' now snap into it ! ( he bang up the receiver , and grab the second phone , speak into it impatiently ) yeah . yeah . what be it ? a close view of gordon , as he listen , show he eye widen with amazement . gordon what ! '' ellen andrew ! you be crazy ! this cut to a telephone booth where a reporter be see speak excitedly . reporter yeah . she just phone she father from a auto camp to come and get she . he 's get a police escort . westley 's go along , too . she 's be travel by bus . the moment she read that she father and westley make up , she phone in . back in gordon' office Gordon be see still at the phone . gordon you sure that 's right ! say , you have not be drink , have you ! okay—grab a car—and stay with they . ( he hang up the receiver and grab the first phone ) put hank on . ( shouting ) agnes ! ( as the secretary hurry in ) get I a doctor . I be about to have a nervous breakdown . ( she stare at he dumbly as he speak into the phone ) hank—forget everything I just tell you . I be just have a nightmare ! ( he hang up—and turn to agnes ) call up the police department ! tell them to find Peter warne . send out a general alarm . I want the dirty crook pinch . he pick up Peter 's story and fling it viciously into the wastebasket . agnes ( start out ) yessir . ( two re-write man come in , pass agnes ) men you want we ? gordon ( wheeling around ) yeah . shove everything off the front page . ellen andrew just phone she father—she 's come home . the moment she hear the old man withdraw he objection , she give herself up . spread it all over the place . here 's you lead : " Love triumphant ! " step on it ! ? 303 ? men ( leave ) yessir . Gordon go to he desk , mumble to himself . his eye light on the waste basket contain Peter 's story , and he be about to kick it when he stop . he stare at it thoughtfully , reach down , lift it outurun through it hastily—and then stare into space , deep in think . the scene dissolves to a open road , in the morning , as Peter fly over it in he Ford . he beam happily . he pass a gasoline truck and wave cheerily to the driver . this dissolves to a close - up of a auto siren accompany by a prolong wail , then to a road , that morning , as four motorcycle , two abreast , speed forward , follow by a luxurious limousine , which in turn be trail by a car fill with reporter . next , in the limousine , andrew be see in the back seat . he be accompany by King westley '' Henderson '' lovington , and a police inspector . henderson I know she be safe . lovington ( sighing ) certainly give we a run for we money . ( but andrew be too overwhelm with joy to listen to any of this ) andrews ( anxiously ) can not you get they to go any faster ? ( at this the Inspector lean over to talk to chauffeur ) this dissolves to a desert road , Peter at the wheel of he car . his high spirit find expression in he effort to sing . peter ( sing ) " I find a million dollar baby '' " he be interrupt by the song of a meadowlark , whistling its strange melody . Peter listen to it a second time , then answer its call by imitate it . the meadowlark whistle again , and peter be highly amused . peter ( wave he hand—to the meadowlark ) okay , pal . be seein ' you . just then the sound of siren be hear in the distance . Peter glance back , and as the siren come nearer , he pull over to the side of the road . there follow a full view of the road , with peter in the foreground at the side as the police cavalcade whizze by accompany by the shriek siren . thereupon peter ( see close ) get a idea . peter ( to he Ford ) come on , dobbin , old boy . we get a police escort . ? 304 ? he apply the gas and shoot out of sight , follow which a full view of the road show Peter 's car try to catch up with the parade . it outdistance he , however , and we see peter in the Ford press he body forward to help the car make time . his foot push the accelerator down to the floor . but the police car be now out of sight , and Peter give up . peter ( see close ; to the car—with exaggerated dramatics ) dobbin , I lad . you fail muh . I be afraid you be gittin ' old . thereupon the scene dissolves to a small town road , where at the door of a sheriff 's office a policeman be stand on guard . the reporter hang around in front of he . several yokel look on . the limousine and motor cycle be at the curb . and now , in a closer view , at the door the policeman on guard step aside as the door open and ellie , she father , and King westley emerge . King have he arm around she . the moment they appear in the doorway , camera click and several reporter surround they . reporter will you make a statement miss andrew ? be it a exciting experience ? how do you travel ? andrews ( brush they aside ) later , boy , later . see she at home . they cross the sidewalk—to the wait limousine , as camera click . the scene dissolves to a road , with Peter still drive . he be , however , as before , in excellent form , and be sing lustily . suddenly , however , he eye widen and he pull on he brake ; the car screech and moans—and come to a stop . peter take it easy , dobbin . remember you blood pressure . we find Peter directly in front of a slow move freight train . several hobo stick they head out of a car , and Peter wave to they . the hobo look puzzle for a minute and then wave back . the view then swing over to a open between the car afford a flash of the police parade on the other side , apparently on its way back . peter amuse himself by talk to a old flagman . peter better get that toy train out of here . I be in a hurry . the flagman grin at he in reply . by this time the last car be in sight , and Peter get all set to move . he stop , however , to wave to a couple of brakeme on the rear platform . in the meantime , the motorcycle have start forward , and the siren begin they low , moan wail . Peter , attract , turn , and over Peter 's shoulder we see the parade start . as the limousine ? 305 ? pass , we get a glimpse of the inside . ellie lie back on King westley 's shoulder . he have he arm around she as they pass out of sight . thereupon a close view of peter show he reacting to what he see . he turn he head quickly to stare at the disappear car , a look of astonishment and bewilderment in he eye . slowly he turn he head forward , stare ahead of he blankly ; he can not quite make it out . then gradually the significance of it all strike him—and he mouth curl up bitterly . the scene wiping off , a series of newspaper headline come into view : " ellen andrews return home . " " MARRIAGE halted by father to be resumed " " ellen andrews and aviator to have church wedding " " love triumph again " " parental objection removed in favor of lover " " cannot thwart love say father of ellen andrews " " glad to be home say ellen " this dissolves to the anteroom of a newspaper office . the place be alive with activity , and copy of newspaper be lie around , bear headline relate to the andrew story . Peter , a bewilder , stunne expression on he face , enter and cross funereally toward Gordon 's office . several people stand around look up . people hi , pete— didya see this ? ellen andrew be back . gonna marry that westley guy after all '' what a dame ! what a dame ! Peter pay no attention to any of this . he reach Gordon 's door , which be open . he walk directly past agnes and enter the office . she look up at he , puzzle . then in gordon' office , Peter walk to Gordon 's desk and lay the roll of bill on it . agnes enter , watch he anxiously . agnes Gordon 's out back some place . ( see the money , she look up , surprised ) peter see that he get that , will you , agnes ? tell he I be just kid . ( he go out ) as agnes stare after he , puzzle , Gordon dash in from a back door . gordon you can not get a thing do around she unless '' agnes Peter warne be just in . gordon huh ? what ? agnes Left this money . Said to tell you he be just kid . ? 306 ? gordon ( look at the money ) where be he ? the scene cut to the outer office and corridor , as see over Gordon 's shoulder through the open door . Peter be see walk out . Gordon hurry after he . gordon' voice hey , Pete ! at the sound of Gordon 's voice , Peter turn , and Gordon come over to he . peter hello , joe. sorry . just a little gag of mine . think I would have some fun with you . gordon ( understanding ) yeah . sure . have I go for a while . peter would not have make a bad story , would it ? gordon great ! but that 's the way thing go . you think you get a swell yarn—then something come alongumess up the finish—and there you be . peter ( smile wryly ) yeah , where be I ? gordon ( slip a bill in he coat pocket ) when you sober up—come in and see I . peter ( a whisper ) thanks , Joe . he leave , Gordon watch he sympathetically , and the scene fade out . part nine the lawn of the andrews estate fade in . it be morning and at the moment the place be a beehive of activity . dozen of butler and maid hustle around set table . floral decoration be be hang by man on ladder . in the background on a platform , a twenty - piece orchestra be get ready , accompany by the scraping of chair , adjust of music stand , unpack of instrument . the scene cut to andrews ' study : King westley be seat , and andrew walk around he . they be both dress in stripe trousers , frock coat , etc . andrews well , here we be ; it 's all set . you be finally go to be marry properly . ( he wave toward the window ) with all the fanfare and everything . ? 307 ? ( shaking he head ) I still do not know how it happened—but you be go to be my son- in - law whether I like it or not . I guess you be pleased . king why ; naturally , i— andrews ( drily ) naturally . ( with vehemence ) you be go to become a partner in a big institution . it 's one of the large in the world . king you talk as if '' andrews someday perhaps , you might even take charge . a close view of andrews show he look around he study despairingly . andrews ( murmure ) the think of it make I shudder . king voice ( confidently ) you might be surprised . andrews I hope so . however , that will take care of itself . ( take a new tack ) there 's another responsibility you be take on . one that I be really concerned about . king voice what 's that ? andrews my daughter . king ( the two now see again ; lightly ) ellie ? oh , she 's no responsibility . andrews no ? say , listen '' I have devote a whole lifetime try to tame that wildcat . toughest job I ever tackle . ever hear of j.p. Clarkson ? biggest man in the country , be not he ? well , I tame he . get he eat out of the palm of my hand . I have browbeaten financier , statesman , foreign minister —some of the most powerful people in the world—but I have never be able to do a thing with she . she 's be too much for I . I be glad you think it 's easy . ? 308 ? ( he bend over he ) now listen—if you will do what I tell you , perhaps I might develop a little respect for you . you never can tell . king what would you like to have I do ? andrews sock she ! a close view of king show he look up , surprised , as andrew ' voice continue . andrews ' voice sock she at least once a day . do it on general principle . make she know you be the boss and never let she forget it . think you can do that ? king it 's quite a assignment— andrews try . do I a favor . try . it 's you only chance . and hers , too . do that for me—and maybe we will be friend '' ( mutter ) maybe . ( he hold out he hand ) do we understand each other ? king ( take he handurise ) yes , sir . andrews ( dismiss he ) Fine . I will see you at the reception . he withdraw he hand , which he look at disgustedly '' the result of a jellyfish handshake . king oh , by the way , Mr andrew , I think of a great stunt for the reception . ( as andrew look at he quizzically ) I be go to land on the lawn in a autogyro . [ 14 ] what do you think of that ! a close view of andrews show he stare off at King in complete disgust . andrews you think that up all by yourself , huh ? king ( unabash ) why , it will make all the front page . a spectacular thing like that '' ? 309 ? andrews ( hard ) personally , I think it 's stupid ! ( humoring a child ) but go ahead . have a good time . as long as ellie do not object . king oh , no . she will be crazy about it . well , see you later . I be go out on the lawn and arrange for landing space . ( hold out he hand ) Goodbye . ( but andrew turn he back on he ) andrews we have do that already . king ( smile ) yes , of course . he turn and leave ; andrew watch he go , shaking he head sadly . andrews autogyro ! I hope he break he leg . andrew start out , and the scene cut to the hallway as andrew enter from the study . a may come down the stair , he call to she : andrews oh— mary— mary yes , sir ? andrews how be she ? mary ( hesitantly ) why—uh—she 's all right , sir . andrews what 's the matter ? anything wrong ? mary oh , no , sir . no different than— andrews yes . I know . still in the dump , huh ? mary yessir . if you will excuse I , sir—she send I for a drink . ( she leave ) andrew stand a moment thoughtfully and then start up the stair , follow which the scene dissolves to the upstair corridor in front of ellie 's door . andrew enter and knock several time . receiving no response , he gingerly open the door . ? 310 ? next andrew enter ellie' bedroom and look around . the view swing around the room , follow he gaze . it focus on ellie , who recline on a sofa , in she bridal outfit , she head rest on the back . she stare moodily , unhappily up at the ceiling . the view then expand to include both father and daughter , andrew be see stare at she a moment sympathetically . he sense something be wrong . andrews ( after a pause ) ellie— ellie ( jump up with a start ) oh , hello , dad . andrews ( a close view as he go over to she ) I knock several time . ellie sorry . must have be day-dream . ( to hide she confusion , she reach for a cigarette ) andrews ( with force lightness ) well , everything 's set . creating quite a furor , too . great stunt King 's go to pull . ellie ( in a faraway voice ) stunt ? andrews landing on the lawn in a autogyro . ellie oh , yes . I hear . andrews ( note she listlessness ) yes . personally , I think it 's silly , too . as he continue talk , the view move with ellie , who wander over to a window overlook the lawn and stare out , lose in think . andrews ' voice ( he go over the ellie ) you look lovely . be you pleased with the gown ? ( as ellie do not seem to hear he , he become worried ) ellie ! ellie ( turn and look at he blankly ) huh ? ( it just penetrate ) oh— the gownut ( distantly ) yes , it 's beautiful . ? 311 ? andrews ( tenderly ) what 's the matter , ellie ? what 's wrong ? ellie nothing . ( she walk over to table and crush she cigarette ) andrews you have be act so strangely since you return . I be '' I be worried . I have not bother to ask you any question '' I '' ( wave he hand toward the lawn ) be not all this what you want ? ( receive no answer from ellie ) you have not change you mind about King , have you ? ellie ( too quickly ) oh , no . andrews if you have , it be not too late . you know how I feel about he . but I want to make you happy . you give I such a scare '' i—when I could not find you . ( smile feebly_meaning he heart ) you know , the old pump be not what it use to be . ellie ( she hand on he arm ) sorry , dad . I would not hurt you for the world . you know that . she move away from he and sit on the sofa , and andrew watch she a moment and cross over to she . he sit beside she , place a arm affectionately around she shoulder . andrews ( tenderly ) ellie—what be it ? be not you happy , child ? at this point she finally break , and impulsively bury she face on he breast . andrews ( after a pause , hoarsely ) I think so . I know there be something on you mind . ( there be audible sob from ellie ) there—there ! they remain thus quietly for some time . finally andrew break the silence . andrews what be it , darling ? ( receive no answer ) you have not fall in love with somebody else , have you ? as this bring a audible sob from ellie , andrew lift up she chin . ? 312 ? andrews ( look into she eye ) have you ? ( ellie turn she head away , a little ashamed of she tear ) ellie now rise and walk miserably away from he , dabbing she eye . andrew , watch she , realize he have hit upon the truth . he walk over to she . andrews I have not see you cry since you be a baby . this must be serious . ( ellie be silent ) where would you meet he ? ellie on the road . andrews ( try to cheer she ) now , do not tell I you fall in love with a bus driver ! ellie ( smile ) no . andrews who be he ? ellie I do not know very much about he . ( in a whisper ) except that I love he . andrews ( the great executive ) well , if it 's as serious as all that—we will move heaven and earth to— ellie ( quickly ) it will do no good . ( wryly ) he despise I . andrews oh , come now— ellie he despise everything I stand for . he think I be spoiled and pampere , and selfish , and thoroughly insincere . andrews ridiculous ! ellie he do not think so much of you either . ? 313 ? andrews ( he eye widen ) well ! ellie he blame you for everything that 's wrong about I . thinks you raise I stupidly . andrews ( smile ) Fine man to fall in love with . ellie ( whisper ) he 's marvelous ! andrews well , what be we go to do about it ? where be he ? ellie ( sadly ) I do not know . andrews I would like to have a talk with he . ellie it 's no use , dad . I practically throw myself at he . ( she shrug futilely ) andrews well , under the circumstance , do not you think we ought to call this thing off ? ellie no , I will go through with it . andrews but that 's silly , child . see how you feel , why '' ellie it do not matter . ( tired ) I do not want to stir up any more trouble . I have be do it all my life . I have be such a burden to you—made you life so miserable—and mine , too . I be tired , dad . tire of run around in circle . he 's right , that 's what I have be do ever since I can remember . a close - up of andrews show he watch ellie , as she voice continue . ellie' voice I have get to settle down . it really do not matter how—or where —or with whom . andrews ( seriously—impressed ) you have change , ellie . ? 314 ? ellie ( see with andrew ; sighing ) yes , I guess I have . ( sincerely ) I do not want to hurt anybody any more . I want to get away from all this front page publicity . it suddenly strike I as be cheap and loathsome . I can not walk out on King now . it will make we all look so ridiculous . ( she shrug resignedly ) besides , what difference do it make ? ( inaudibly ) I will never see Peter again . andrews be that he name ? ellie yes. Peter warne . she start to walk away when she be attract by she father 's surprise at the mention of the name . andrews Peter warne ! ( he hand have instinctively go to he inside pocket ) ellie ( notice this ) why ? do you know he ? ( but andrew withdraw he hand . apparently he have change he mind ) andrews ( evasively ) oh , no—no . ellie ( suddenly anxious ) you have not hear from he , have you , dad ? andrews ( obviously guilty ) why , no . . . do not be silly . ellie oh , please , dad— she have reach into he pocket and have extract a letter , which she hurriedly open and read , follow which we see a letter in Peter 's handwrite . it be address to : " Alexander andrew , 11 Wall Street . " it read : " dear Sir : I should like to have a talk with you about a financial matter in connection with you daughter . Peter warne . " ellie be then see read and re-read the note . her face cloud and then slowly change to a expression of complete disillusionment . ? 315 ? ellie ( she voice strident ) look like that be he only interest in I . the reward . andrews ( take the note from she ) I be sorry you read it . ellie be you go to see he ? andrews I suppose so . ellie ( hard ) certainly ! pay he off . he 's entitle to it . he do a excellent job . kept I thoroughly entertained . it 's worth every penny he get . she pace agitatedly , andrew watch she silently . he know what a awful blow to she pride this must be . Mary now enter with a cocktail tray which she set on the table . ellie thanks , Mary . that 's just what I need . ( she pour herself a cocktail ) mary Mr. King westley be on he way up . ellie fine— Fine ! have he come in . andrews ( mumble ) I will be go . ( he go out behind Mary ) ellie swallow she drink and start pour herself another , as King enter . ellie ( upon see he ) well , if it be not the groom himself ! you be just in time , King . a close view of the two show King take she in he arm . king how be you , ellie ? ( he give she a kiss , which she accept perfunctorily '' but he insist upon be ardent ) be you happy ? ellie ( release herself ) happy ? why should not I be happy ? I be get the handsomest man in captivity . ( hand he a drink ) here you be , King . let 's drink . ( she hold she glass out ) let 's drink to we . ? 316 ? ( she drain the glass ; pour another , as she continue ) we finally make it , do not we ? king you bet we do . ellie it 's up to you now . I want we life to be full of excitement , King . we will never let up , will we ? never a dull moment . we will get on a merry - go-round and never get off . promise you will never let I get off ? it 's the only way to live , be not it ? no time to think . we do not want to stop to think , do we ? just want to keep go . king whatever you say , darling . ellie I hear about you stunt . that 's swell , King . just think of it—the groom land on the lawn with a plane . it 's a perfect beginning for the life we be go to lead . it set just the right tempo . ( hand he a drink ) come on , King . you be lag . ( they both drink ) in andrews ' study , andrew walk around the room , perceptibly affect by he visit with ellie . he keep turn Peter 's letter over in he hand , apparently debate in he mind what to do with it . he finally get a idea—and determinedly cross to the phone . then the scene cut to a HOTEL room . first there be a close - up of a newspaper—a tabloid bear a head which read : " love triumphant . " " interrupted romance of ellen andrew and King westley resumed , as Father yield . wedding reception to be held on andrew ' lawn . " below this be a page of picture , and the view turn to each photograph . the first picture be of ellie and King on a beach . the title over the picture read : " where they meet . " the second picture show they in the cockpit of a plane , the head read : " where they romance . " the next picture be of a small frame house with a shingle on it read : " justice of the peace . " over the photograph be a caption : " where they be marry . " the next picture be of the andrew yacht , and the title read : " where she be take . " finally , the view move down to the bottom of the page to a picture of ellie and King , with she father between they , in front of sheriff 's office . caption read : " where love triumph . " over this picture the phone bell have be ringing . and now peter be see stare , expressionless , at the newspaper . suddenly he become conscious of the phone ringing ; he look up—then go to it . peter ( into the phone ) hello . . . yes ? . . . who ? . . . oh . . . why can not I see you at you office ? the scene cut to andrews ' study , afford a close view of andrews at the phone . ? 317 ? andrews I leave for Washington tonight . May be go several week . think perhaps you would like to get this thing settle . this cut to the HOTEL room where peter be at the phone . peter yeah , but I do not like the idea of walk in on you jamboree . . . just between you and me—those thing give I a stiff pain . andrews ( see in he office ) you need not see anybody . you can come directly to my study . I would appreciate it very much if '' peter ( at he phone ) no—no . what the deuce do I want to— his eye fall on something , and there follow a close view of a tabloid newspaper , feature the head : " Love triumphant " and contain the picture of ellie and King . the view then move down to feature headline read " Groom to land on bride 's lawn . " " King westley plan to drop in a autogyro on the lawn of andrew estate . . . " Peter 's mouth screw up disdainfully . peter ( into the phone ) yeah , wait a minute . maybe I will come over . I would like to get a load of that three - ring circus you be pull . I want to see what love look like when it 's triumphant . I have not have a good laugh in a week . ( he be still at the phone as the scene dissolves ) then the lawn of the andrews estate dissolves in . it be now fill with guest , who wander around , chatter gaily . the orchestra play . a captain of waiter in the foreground instruct he man . captain I want everything to be just so . when the ceremony start , you stand on the side—still . no move around—no talk , comprenez ? the view cut to a roadway lead to the estate , and Peter be see drive up in he Ford and squeezing in between two roll -royces . the uniform chauffeur glare at he . but Peter spring nonchalantly out of he car . peter ( blithely , as he pass they ) keep you eye on my car when you be back up , you guy . and as he go , the chauffeur look at each other , surprised . the scene dissolves to andrews ' study , where a butler stand in front of andrew who be seat at he desk . ? 318 ? andrews show he in . the butler leave , a close view show andrews reach over and snap on a dictograph conceal somewhere on he desk . the office come into view again , we see andrew rise and await Peter 's entrance . after a moment Peter come in , remove he soft feel hat , and tuck it under he arm . andrews Mr. warne ? peter yeah . andrews come in . sit down . Peter advance into the room , look around curiously . his air be frigid , contemptuous as andrew study he , and he make no move to sit . andrew wave to a chair and sit down himself . Peter flop into the nearest chair . andrews ( see close with Peter ; after a pause ) I be surprised to get you note . my daughter have not tell I anything about you . about you help she . peter that 's typical of you daughter . take that thing for grant . ( too restless to sit , he jump up ) why do she think I lug she all the way from miami— ( vehemently ) for the love of it ? andrews please understand I . when I say she do not tell I anything about it , I mean not until a little while ago . she think you be entitle to anything you can get . peter ( bitterly ) oh , she do , huh ? be not that sweet of she ! you do not , I suppose . andrews ( shrugging ) I do not know . I would have to see on what you base you claim . I presume you feel you be justified in '' peter ( see close now ) if I do not I would not be here ! ( he reach into he pocket ) I have get it all itemize . ? 319 ? ( and he throw the paper on andrew ' desk ) andrews pick up the paper and glance at it . after a moment , he look at Peter , study he interestedly ; then he return to the paper , and read its content : " Cash outlay 8.60 topcoat 15.00 suitcase 7.50 hat 4.00 3 shirt 4.50 total 39.60 " andrew look up from the paper . this be a twist he have not anticipate , and he do not quite know how to handle it . peter ( now see closer with andrew ) I sell some drawer and sock , too ; I be throw that in . andrews and this be what you want—thirty - nine dollar and sixty cent ? peter why not ? I be not charge you for the time I waste . andrews yes , I know—but— peter what 's the matter ? be not it cheap enough ? a trip like that would cost you a thousand dollar ! andrews let I get this straight . you want this thirty - nine sixty in addition to the ten thousand dollar ? peter what ten thousand ? andrews the reward . peter ( sharply ) who say anything about a reward ! andrews ( smile ) I be afraid I be a little confuse . you see , I assume you be come here for— peter ( impatiently ) all I want be thirty - nine sixty . if you will give I a check I will get out of this place . it give I the jitter . andrews you be a peculiar chap . ? 320 ? peter ( irritably ) we will go into that some other time . andrews the average man would go after the reward . all you seem to— peter listen , do anybody ever make a sucker out of you ? this be a matter of principle . something you probably would not understand . ( he burn at the think ) when somebody take I for a buggy ride I do not like the idea of have to pay for the privilege . andrews you be take for a buggy ride ? peter yeah—with all the trimming . now , how about the check . do I get it ? a close - up indicate that andrews have be study Peter throughout the scene . he be now completely win over . andrews ( smile ) certainly . ( he open a checkbook and write it out ) while andrew write , Peter wander around the room in a attitude of bitter contempt . andrew rise and go to he . andrews here you be . ( as Peter take the check ) do you mind if I ask you something frankly ? ( Peter just look at he without respond ) do you love my daughter ? peter ( evasively , while fold the check ) a guy that would fall in love with you daughter should have he head examine . andrews that 's a evasion . peter ( put the check into a wallet ) she grab herself a perfect run mate . King westley ! the pill of the century ! ( pockete wallet ) what she need be a guy that would take a sock at she every day—whether it 's come to she or not . a close view of the two show andrew smile : here be a man ! peter if you have half the brain you be suppose to have , you would have do it yourself—long ago . ? 321 ? andrews do you love she ? peter ( go for he hat as he reply ) a normal human be could not live under the same roof with she , without go nut . ( go to the door ) she 's my idea of nothing ! andrews I ask you a question . do you love she ? peter ( snap it out ) yes ! ( as andrew smile ) but do not hold that against I . I be a little screwy myself . he snap the door open and go out , follow which andrews be see watch the door , he eye twinkle , and the scene cut to the downstair hallway as Peter come through , move on to the front door . but just as he reach it , ellie enter , accompany by half a dozen man and hold a cocktail in she hand . they see each other almost simultaneously , and both stop , glaring . peter ( look she over contemptuously ) perfect ! now you look natural . at this ellie leave she group and come toward Peter , and a close view show they together , glaring at each other . ellie ( icily ) I hope you get you money . peter you bet I do . ellie congratulation . peter same to you . ellie why do not you stay and watch the fun ? you will enjoy it immensely . peter I would . but I have get a weak stomach . he wheel around and go through the door , ellie look after he , she eye blaze . the drine of a plane motor outside be hear , and several people rush down the stair , all excited . guest here come King ! he 's just come down ! hurry up , everybody ! come on , ellie ! ? 322 ? immediately there be a general excitement , as guest hurry through the hallway on the way to the lawn . but ellen do not move—she remain stare blankly at the door through which Peter go until andrew enter from he study . andrews I just have a long talk with he . ellen ( she voice break ) I be not interested . andrews now , wait a minute , ellie— ellie ( sharply ) I do not want to hear anything about he ! she walk away from he , and andrew , frustrated , look at she helplessly . thereupon the scene dissolves to a full view of the lawn . the orchestra be play mendelssohn 's wedding March . the lawn be crowded with guest . in the background we see the autogyro idling . a closer view show a small platform , serve as a altar . over it there be a arbor of rose . back of the altar stand a minister , ready . a reverse view reveal a long , narrow , carpete pathway lead to the house . both side be line with guest , who be murmure excitedly . at the moment , King westley and he best man be march solemnly toward the altar . back of the altar we see a high platform upon which be several newsreel man who be grind they camera . the guest , of whom close glimpsis be catch , be now peer over each other 's shoulder . King and he best man have reach the altar , and the music of the wedding march come to a stop . the orchestra leader be look around , apparently wait for a signal . at the door of the house a very " prissy " middle - age man wave he handkerchief and nod he head to the orchestra leader . the orchestra leader acknowledge the signal by nodd he headsturn to he menuwave he baton , and the orchestra start play , " here come the bride . " '' the guest whisper to each other excitedly . a great deal of stir take place . the door of the house slowly opens—and a parade of small flower girl emerge . they march , take each step carefully , while they strew flower along the path . they be well out of the way when ellie , on the arm of she father , appear in the doorway . a view of the guest show that they cannot contain themselves . murmur of " here she come , " and " do not she look beautiful ? " be hear . the newsreel man on they platform behind the altar bestir themselves . this be what they have be wait for ! ellie and she father ( see close ) now make they way to the altar . ellie 's face be solemn , and she jaw set . andrews ( whisper out of the side of he mouth ) you be a sucker to go through with this . ellie glance at he out of the corner of she eye—and quickly turn forward again . ? 323 ? andrews that guy warne be o.k . he do not want the reward . ellie keep she eye glue in front of she , remain expressionless . andrews all he ask for be thirty - nine dollar and sixty cent . . . that 's what he spend on you . it be a matter of principle with himqsay you take he for a ride . this register on ellie and she raise she eyes—but she reaction be only slightly perceptible . a close view of a group of guest show two girl look enviously in the direction of the bride . a young girl ( whisper ) I wish I be in she shoe . second girl yes . she certainly be lucky . ellie and she father be see again , and andrews be still whisper to she . andrews he love you , ellie . told I so . this bring a definite reaction , which she quickly cover up . andrews you do not want to be marry to a mug like westley . at this there be a close view of westley—there be a satisfied smirk on he face . andrews I can buy he off for a pot of gold , and you can make a old man happy , and you would not do so bad for yourself . if you change you mind , you car 's wait at the back gate . ellie give no indication of she intention . her face remain immobile . and now ellie and she father have reach the altar . the " prissy " man be place they in position . the big moment have arrive . the guest be all atwitter . but a close view of ellie show that she realize that she fate be close in on she . she look around for a mean of escape . minister ( start the ceremony ) dearly beloved , we be gather together here in the sight of God and in the face of this company to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony . if any man can show just cause why they may not lawfully be join together , let he speak now or else hereafter forever hold he ? 324 ? peace . King , will thou have this woman to be thy wedd wife ? so long as ye both shall live ? king I will . minister ellen , will thou have this man to be thy wedd husband so long as ye both shall live ? then , see at the altar , ellie make she decision . she reach down , take a firm hold on she train and , push several people aside , run out of the scene . that at the altar look up , surprised , and the most startle of all be king himself . king ( call after she ) ellie ! he start to go after her—but find andrew in he way while the outcry of the guest rise in chorus . guest what 's happen ? where 's she go ? on the platform , the newsreel man , a look of astonishment on they face , decide to follow ellie . a man get she , Mac ! she 's ducking ! and , as view by the newsreel man , ellie be see in the distance dash through the gate . the guest stare dumbfounded . follow this , andrew and King be see together in the crowd . king ( helplessly ) what happen ? andrews ( blandly ) I have not the slight idea . but he mouth twitches as he try to keep from smile . as King run out of sight andrew get out a cigar and light it—a happy smile on he face which he now do not try to conceal . outside the front gate ellie be see in a fast roadster , as she start away with a plunge . her eye sparkle . a crowd of people dash up , head by King . they stop dead when they see the car disappear . on the lawn the commotion run high , and the guest chatter they amazement . a close view of andrews show he smile with satisfaction . the scene dissolves to andrews ' office , where andrew be regaling himself with a whiskey and soda . he be in a pleasantly inebriated mood when he secretary enter . ? 325 ? andrews ( as he pick up the phone that have start ringing ) do not want to talk to—do not want to talk to anybody . do not want to see anybody . secretary but it 's King westley on the phone . andrews ooooooh . ( into the phone ) hello my would - be ex-son- in - law . I have send you a check for a hundred thousand . yes . that 's the smartest thing you ever do , westley , not to contest that annulment . that 's satisfactory , be not it ? yeah . well , it ought to be . oh I be not complain . it be dirt cheap . ( as he hang up ) do not fall out of any window . secretary ( place a telegram on the desk ) there 's another wire from Peter , sir . they're in Glen Falls , Michigan . andrews ( read it ) " what 's hold up the annulment , you slow poke ? the wall of jericho be toppling . " ( to the Secretary ) send he a telegram right away . just say : " let them topple . " this dissolves to the exterior of a auto camp very much like the other camp at which Peter and ellie stay . the owner 's wife be talk to she husband . wife funny couple , be not they ? man yeah . wife if you ask I , I do not believe they be marry . man they be marry all right . I just see the license . wife they make I get them a rope and a blanket , on a night like this . man yeah ? ? 326 ? wife what do you reckon that 's for ? man blame if I know . I just brung them a trumpet . wife ( puzzle ) a trumpet ? man yeah . you know , one of that toy thing . they send I to the store to get it . wife but what in the world do they want a trumpet for ? man I dunno . the scene move to the cabin occupy presumably by Peter and ellie . the window be light . there be a blast from a trumpet , and as the light go out a blanket be see drop to the floor , and the scene fade out . the end