it's a wonderful life " it's a wonderful life " by france goodrich Albert hackett Frank capra jo swerl fade in : night sequence Series of shot of various street and building in the town of bedford Falls , somewhere in New York State . the street be desert , and snow be fall . it be Christmas Eve . over the above scene we hear voice praying : gower' voice I owe everything to George Bailey . help he , dear Father . martini' voice Joseph , Jesus and Mary . help my friend Mr. Bailey . mrs . bailey' voice help my son George tonight . bert voice he never think about himself , God ; that 's why he 's in trouble . ernie' voice George be a good guy . give he a break , God . mary voice I love he , dear Lord . watch over he tonight . janie' voice please , god. something 's the matter with daddy . zuzu's voice please bring daddy back . camera pull up from the Bailey home and travel up through the sky until it be above the fall snow and move slowly toward a firmament full of star . as the camera stop we hear the follow heavenly voice talk , and as each voice be hear , one of the star twinkle brightly : frankline voice hello , Joseph , trouble ? joseph' voice look like we will have to send someone down '' a lot of people be ask for help for a man name George Bailey . frankline voice George Bailey . yes , tonight 's he crucial night . you be right , we will have to send someone down immediately . whose turn be it ? joseph' voice that 's why I come to see you , sir . it 's that clock - maker 's turn again . frankline voice oh '' clarence . have not get he wing yet , have he ? we have pass he up right along . joseph' voice because , you know , sir , he 's get the i.q. of a rabbit . frankline voice yes , but he 's get the faith of a child '' simple . Joseph , send for clarence . a small star fly in from leave of screen and stop . it twinkle as clarence speak : clarence's voice you send for I , sir ? frankline voice yes , clarence . a man down on earth need we help . clarence's voice splendid ! be he sick ? frankline voice no , worse . he 's discourage . at exactly ten-forty - five pm tonight , Earth time , that man will be think seriously of throw away God 's great gift . clarence's voice oh , dear , dear ! his life ! then I have only get a hour to dress . what be they wear now ? frankline voice you will spend that hour get acquainted with George Bailey . clarence's voice Sir ... if I should accomplish this mission '' I mean '' might I perhaps win my wing ? I have be wait for over two hundred year now , sir '' and people be beginning to talk . frankline voice what 's that book you have get there ? clarence's voice the adventure of Tom sawyer . frankline voice clarence , you do a good job with George Bailey , and you will get you wing . clarence's voice oh , thank you , sir . thank you . joseph' voice poor George ... sit down . clarence's voice sit down ? what be ... joseph' voice if you be go to help a man , you want to know something about he , do not you ? clarence's voice well , naturally . of course . joseph' voice well , keep you eye open . see the town ? the star fade out from the screen , and a light , indistinguishable blur be see . clarence's voice where ? I do not see a thing . joseph' voice oh , I forget . you have not get you wing yet . now look , I will help you out . concentrate . begin to see something ? the blur on the screen slowly begin to take form . we see a group of young boy on top of a snow - cover hill . clarence's voice why , yes . this be amazing . joseph' voice if you ever get you wing , you will see all by yourself . clarence's voice oh , wonderful ! ext . frozen river and hill '' day '' close shot Group of boy . they be prepare to slide down the hill on large shovel . one of they make the slide and shoot out onto the ice of a freeze river at the bottom of the hill . boy ( as he slide ) yippee !! clarence's voice hey , who 's that ? joseph' voice that 's you problem , George Bailey . clarence's voice a boy ? joseph' voice that 's he when he be twelve , back in 1919 . something happen here you will have to remember later on . Series of shot as four or five boy make the slide down the hill and out onto the ice . as each boy come down the other applaud . close shot George Bailey at bottom of slide . GEORGE ( through megaphone ) and here come the scare - baby , my kid brother , Harry Bailey . close shot '' harry on top of hill , prepare to make he slide . harry I be not scared . boy ( ad lib ) come on , Harry ! attaboy , Harry ! medium shot Harry make he slide very fast . he pass the mark make by the other boy , and he shovel take he onto the thin ice at the bend of the river . the ice break , and Harry disappear into the water . close shot '' GEORGE GEORGE I be come , Harry . medium shot George jump into the water and grab Harry . as he start to pull he out he yell : GEORGE make a chain , gang ! a chain ! wider angle the other boy lie flat on the ice , form a human chain . when George reach the edge with Harry in he arm , they pull they both to safety . joseph' voice George save he brother 's life that day . but he catch a bad cold which infect he leave ear . cost he he hearing in that ear . it be week before he could return to he after - school job at old man gower 's drugstore . dissolve ext . MAIN STREET '' bedford fall '' spring afternoon medium shot five or six boy be come toward camera , arm in arm , whistling . they attention be draw to a elaborate horsedrawn carriage proceeding down the other side of the street . medium pan shot the carriage drive by . we catch a glimpse of a elderly man riding in it . close shot the boy watch the carriage . GEORGE Mr. Potter ! clarence's voice who 's that '' a king ? joseph' voice that 's Henry f. Potter , the richest and meanest man in the county . the boy continue until they reach gower 's drugstore . the drugstore be old - fashioned and dignify , with jar of color water in the window and little else . as the kid stop : GEORGE so long ! boy ( ad lib ) get to work , slave . hee -haw . hee - haw . interior drugstore '' day medium shot George come in and cross to a old - fashioned cigar lighter on the counter . he shut he eye and make a wish : GEORGE wish I have a million dollar . he click the lighter and the flame spring up . GEORGE hot dog ! wider angle George cross over to the soda fountain , at which Mary hatch , a small girl , be seat , watch he . George go on to get he apron from behind the fountain . GEORGE ( call toward back room ) it 's I , Mr. gower . George Bailey . close shot Mr. gower , the druggist , peer from a window in back room . we see he take a drink from a bottle . gower you be late . medium shot George behind soda fountain . he be put on he apron . GEORGE yes , sir . wider angle violet bick enter the drugstore and sit on one of the stool at the fountain . she be the same height as Mary and the same age , but she be infinitely older in she approach to people . violet ( with warm friendliness ) hello , George . ( then , flatly , as she see Mary ) ' lo , Mary . mary ( primly ) hello , violet . George regards the two of they with manly disgust . they be two kid to he , and a nuisance . he start over for the candy counter . GEORGE two cent worth of shoelace ? violet she be here first . mary I be still think . GEORGE ( to violet ) shoelace ? violet please , georgie . George go over to the candy counter . violet ( to Mary ) I like he . mary you like every boy . violet ( happily ) what 's wrong with that ? GEORGE here you be . George give violet a paper sack contain licorice shoelace . violet give he the money . violet ( the vamp ) help I down ? GEORGE ( disgust ) help you down ! violet jump down off she stool and exit . Mary , watch , stick out she tongue as she pass . close shot '' GEORGE and mary at fountain GEORGE make up you mind yet ? mary I will take chocolate . George put some chocolate ice cream in a dish . GEORGE with coconut ? mary I do not like coconut . GEORGE you do not like coconut ! say , brainless , do not you know where coconut come from ? lookit here '' from tahiti '' fiji Islands , the coral Sea ! he pull a magazine from he pocket and show it to she . mary a new magazine ! I never see it before . GEORGE of course you never . only we explorer can get it . I have be nominate for membership in the National geographic Society . he lean down to finish scoop out the ice cream , he deaf ear toward she . she lean over , speak softly . close shot Mary , whisper . mary be this the ear you can not hear on ? George Bailey , I will love you till the day I die . she draw back quickly and look down , terrify at what she have say . close shot '' GEORGE and mary GEORGE I be go out explore some day , you watch . and I be go to have a couple of harem , and maybe three or four wife . wait and see . he turn back to the cash register , whistling . another angle take in entrance to prescription room at end of fountain . gower come to the entrance . he be bleary - eye , unshaven , chew a old unlit cigar . his manner be gruff and mean . it be evident he have be drink . gower George ! George ! GEORGE yes , sir . gower you be not pay to be a canary . GEORGE no , sir . he turn back to the cash register when he notice a open telegram on the shelf . he be about to toss it aside when he start to read it . insert : the telegram it read : " we regret to inform you that you son , Robert , die very suddenly this morning of influenza stop . everything possible be do for he comfort stop . we await instruction from you . edward mellington pres. hammerton college . " back to shot George put the telegram down . a goodness of heart express itself in a desire to do something for gower . he give the ice cream to Mary without comment and sidle back toward gower . int . prescription room of drugstore '' day close shot gower , drunk , be intent on put some capsule into a box . GEORGE Mr. gower , do you want something ... anything ? gower no . GEORGE anything I can do back here ? gower no . George look curiously at gower , realize that he be quite drunk . gower fumble and drop some of the capsule to the floor . close shot capsule spilling on floor at they foot . back to shot George and gower . GEORGE I will get they , sir . he pick up the capsule and put they in the box . gower wave George aside , take he old wet cigar , shove it in he mouth and sit in a old Morris chair in the background . George turn a bottle around from which gower have take the powder for the capsule . its label read " poison . " George stand still , horrify . gower take this capsule over to Mrs. blaine 's . she 's wait for they . George pick up the capsule box , not know what to do or say . his eye go , harass , to the bottle label poison . George 's finger fumble . GEORGE yes , sir . they have the diphtheria there , have not they , sir ? gower ummmm ... gower stare moodily ahead , suck he cigar . George turn to he , the box in he hand . GEORGE be it a charge , sir ? gower yes '' charge . GEORGE Mr. gower , I think ... gower aw , get go ! GEORGE yes , sir . int . drugstore '' day medium shot George come out into main room . as he put on he cap he see a sweet caporal ad which say : insert " ask dad he know " '' sweet caporal back to shot with a inspiration , George dash out the door and down the street . Mary follow he with she eye . ext . STREET '' day medium shot George run down the street until he come opposite a two - story building with a sign on it read : " Bailey Building and loan Association . " he stop . Potter 's carriage be wait at the entrance . suddenly he run up the stair . int . outer office bldg . and loan '' day full shot the office be ancient and a bit on the rickety side . there be a counter with a grill , something like a bank . before a door mark : " peter bailey , private " , George 's uncle billy stand , obviously try to hear what be go on inside . he be a very good - humor man of about fifty , in shirt - sleeve . with he at the door , also listen , be cousin tilly Bailey , a waspish - look woman , who be the telephone operator , and cousin eustace Bailey , the clerk . the office vibrate with a aura of crisis as George enter and proceed directly toward he father 's office . close shot uncle billy listen at the door . as George be about to enter he father 's office , uncle billy grab he by the arm . uncle billy avast , there , Captain cook ! where you headin' ? GEORGE get to see pop , uncle billy . uncle billy some other time , George . GEORGE it 's important . uncle billy there 's a squall in there that 's shapin ' up into a storm . during the forego , cousin tilly have answer the telephone , and now she call out : cousin tilly uncle billy ... telephone . uncle billy who be it ? cousin tilly Bank examiner . insert closeup '' uncle billy left hand there be piece of string tie around two of the finger , obviously to remind he of thing he have to do . back to shot uncle billy look at he hand . uncle billy Bank examiner ! I should have call he yesterday . switch it inside . he enter a door mark : " william bailey , private " . George stand irresolute a moment , aware of crisis in the affair of the Bailey Building and loan Association , but aware more keenly of he personal crisis . he open the door of he father 's office and enter . int . bailey' private office '' day medium shot George 's father be seat behind he desk , nervously draw swirl on a pad . he look tired and worried . he be a gentle man in he forty , a idealist , stubborn only for other people 's rights . nearby , in a throne - like wheelchair , behind which stand the goon who furnish the motive power , sit Henry f. Potter , he squarish derby hat on he head . the follow dialogue be fast and heat , as though the argument have be in process for some time . bailey I be not cry , Mr. Potter . potter well , you be begging , and that 's a whole lot worse . bailey all I be ask be thirty day more ... GEORGE ( interrupt ) pop ! bailey just a minute , son . ( to Potter ) just thirty short day . I will dig up that five thousand somehow . potter ( to he goon ) shove I up ... goon push he wheelchair closer to the desk . GEORGE pop ! potter have you put any real pressure on that people of yours to pay that mortgage ? bailey Times be bad , Mr. Potter . a lot of this people be out of work . potter then foreclose ! bailey I can not do that . this family have child . medium close shot '' potter and bailey GEORGE pop ! potter they be not my child . bailey but they be somebody 's child . potter be you run a business or a charity ward ? bailey well , all right ... potter ( interrupt ) not with my money ! close shot '' potter and bailey bailey Mr. Potter , what make you such a hardskulled character ? you have no family '' no child . you can not begin to spend all the money you have get . potter so I suppose I should give it to miserable failure like you and that idiot brother of yours to spend for I . George can not listen any longer to such libel about he father . he come around in front of the desk . GEORGE he 's not a failure ! you can not say that about my father ! bailey George , George ... GEORGE you be not ! you be the biggest man in town ! bailey run along . he push George toward the door . GEORGE bigger and he ! as George pass Potter 's wheelchair he push the old man' shoulder . the goon put out a restrain hand . GEORGE bigger and everybody . George proceed toward the door , with he father 's hand on he shoulder . as they go : potter give you a idea of the Bailey . int . outer office bldg . and loan '' day close shot George and he father at the door . GEORGE do not let he say that about you , pop. bailey all right , son , thanks . I will talk to you tonight . Bailey close the door on George and turn back to Potter . George stand outside the door with the capsule in he hand . wipe to : back to drugstore int . back room '' gower' drugstore '' day close shot gower talk on the telephone . George stand in the doorway . gower ( drunkenly ) why , that medicine should have be there a hour ago . it will be over in five minute , Mrs. blaine . he hang up the phone and turn to George . gower where 's Mrs. blaine 's box of capsule ? he grab George by the shirt and drag he into the back room . GEORGE capsule ... gower ( shaking he ) do you hear what I say ? GEORGE ( frighten ) yes , sir , I ... gower start hit George about the head with he open hand . George try to protect himself as best he can . gower what kind of trick be you play , anyway ? why do not you deliver they right away ? do not you know that boy 's very sick ? GEORGE ( in tear ) you be hurt my sore ear . int . front room drugstore '' day close shot Mary be still seat at the soda fountain . each time she hear George be slap , she wince . int . back room drugstore '' day close shot '' GEORGE and gower gower you lazy loafer ! GEORGE ( sobbing ) Mr. gower , you do not know what you be do . you put something wrong in that capsule . I know you be unhappy . you get that telegram , and you be upset . you put something bad in that capsule . it be not you fault , Mr. gower ... George pull the little box out of he pocket . gower savagely rip it away from he , breathe heavily , stare at the boy venomously . GEORGE just look and see what you do . look at the bottle you take the powder from . it 's poison ! I tell you , it 's poison ! I know you feel bad ... and ... George falter off , cupping he aching ear with a hand . gower look at the large brown bottle which have not be replace on the shelf . he tear open the package , shake the powder out of one of the capsule , cautiously taste it , then abruptly throw the whole mess to the table and turn to look at George again . the boy be whimper , hurt , frighten . gower step toward he . GEORGE do not hurt my sore ear again . but this time gower sweep the boy to he in a hug and , sobbing hoarsely , crush the boy in he embrace . George be cry too . gower no ... no ... no ... GEORGE do not hurt my ear again ! gower ( sobbing ) oh , George , George ... GEORGE Mr. gower , I will not ever tell anyone . I know what you be feel . I will not ever tell a soul . hope to die , I will not . gower oh , George . dissolve to : int . luggage shop '' day '' ( 1928 ) medium shot it be late afternoon . a young man be look over a assortment of luggage . across the counter stand Joe hepner , the proprietor of the store '' he be show a suitcase . joe a overnight bag '' genuine English cowhide , combination lock , fitte up with brushes , comb ... customer nope . as camera move up closer to he , he turn and we get we first glimpse of George as a young man . camera have move up to a closeup by now . GEORGE nope. nope. nope. nope . now , look , joe. now , look , I ... I want a big one . suddenly , in action , as George stand with he arm outstretch in illustration , the picture freeze and become a still . over this hold - frame shot we hear the voice from Heaven : clarence's voice what do you stop it for ? joseph' voice I want you to take a good look at that face . clarence's voice who be it ? joseph' voice George Bailey . clarence's voice oh , you mean the kid that have he ear slap back by the druggist . joseph' voice that 's the kid . clarence's voice it 's a good face . I like it . I like George Bailey . tell I , do he ever tell anyone about the pill ? joseph' voice not a soul . clarence's voice do he ever marry the girl ? do he ever go explore ? joseph' voice well , wait and see . close shot '' the screen the arrest closeup of George spring to life again . GEORGE Big - see ! I do not want one for one night . I want something for a thousand and one night , with plenty of room for label from Italy and Baghdad , samarkand ... a great big one . joe I see , a fly carpet , huh ? I do not suppose you would like this old second - hand job , would you ? he bring a large suitcase up from under the counter . GEORGE now you be talkin' . gee whiz , I could use this as a raft in case the boat sink . how much do this cost ? joe no charge . GEORGE that 's my trick ear , Joe . it sound as if you say no charge . joe ( indicate name on suitcase ) that 's right . GEORGE ( as he see he name ) what 's my name do on it ? joe a little present from old man gower . come down and pick it out himself . GEORGE ( admire the bag ) he do ? whatta you know about that '' my old boss ... joe what boat you sailing on ? GEORGE I be work across on a cattle boat . joe a cattle boat ? GEORGE ( as he exit ) okay , I like cow . wipe to : int . gower' drugstore '' day medium shot the place be practically the same except that it be now full of school kid have soda , etc . a juke box and many little table have be add . it have become the hangout of the local small fry . there be now three kid jerk soda . gower be a different man now '' sober , shaven and good-humored . he be behind the counter when George come in . gower 's face light up when he see George . GEORGE Mr. gower ... Mr. gower ... thanks ever so much for the bag . it 's just exactly what I want . gower aw , forget it . GEORGE oh , it 's wonderful . gower hope you enjoy it . George suddenly see the old cigar lighter on the counter . he close he eye and make a wish . GEORGE oh ... oh. wish I have a million dollar . as he snap the lighter the flame spring up . GEORGE hot dog ! George shake gower 's hand vigorously and exit . ext . MAIN STREET bedford fall '' day pan shot as George cross the street , uncle billy , cousin tilly and cousin eustace be lean out of the second floor window of the Building and loan office . uncle billy avast there , Captain cook . you get you sea leg yet ? cousin eustace parlez-vous francais ? hey , send we some of they picture postcard , will you , George ? uncle billy hey , George , do not take any plugge nickel . cousin tilly hey , George , you suitcase be leak . George wave up at they and continue on across the street . ext . MAIN STREET '' day medium shot as George cross the street . he spot Ernie and he cab , and bert the motor cop , park alongside . GEORGE hey , Ernie ! ernie hiya , George ! GEORGE hi , bert . bert George ... GEORGE Ernie , I be a rich tourist today . how about drive I home in style ? bert open the door of the cab and put George 's suitcase inside . ernie sure , you highness , hop in . and , for the carriage trade , I put on my hat . as George be about to enter the cab , he stop suddenly as he see violet ( now obviously a little sex machine ) come toward he . her walk and figure would stop anybody . she give he a sultry look . reverse angle the three man by the cab , but include violet . violet good afternoon , Mr. Bailey . GEORGE hello , violet . hey , you look good . that 's some dress you get on there . close shot '' violet she react to this . violet oh , this old thing ? why , I only wear it when I do not care how I look . camera pan with her as violet swing on down the sidewalk . reverse shot '' cab as violet go by , George and bert raise they head above the top of the cab . medium shot on violet 's back as she go . as she cross the street , a elderly man turn to look at she and be almost hit by a car that pull up with screeching brake . close shot '' GEORGE and bert at cab Ernie stick he head out form the driver 's seat . ernie how would you like ... GEORGE ( as he enter cab ) yes ... ernie want to come along , bert ? we will show you the town ! bert look at he watch , then take another look at violet 's retreate figure . bert no , thanks . think I will go home and see what the wife 's do . ernie family man . dissolve to : int . bailey dine room '' night medium shot pop Bailey be seat at the dinner table . Mrs. Bailey and Annie , the cook , look up toward the vibrate ceiling . there be sound of terrific bang and scuffling upstairs . Annie pound on the ceiling with a broom . mother ( call out ) George ! Harry ! you be shaking the house down ! stop it ! pop oh , let them alone . I wish I be up there with they . mother Harry will tear he dinner suit . George ! another angle Mrs. Bailey be call up the stair . annie that 's why all child should be girl . mother but if they be all girl , there would not be any ... oh , never mind . ( call upstairs ) George ! Harry ! come down to dinner this minute . everything 's get cold and you know we have be wait for you . george' voice okay , Mom . she go up the stair . pop be smile and poke he plate . a commotion be hear on the stair , the boy imitate fanfare music . down they come , hold they mother high between they on they hand . they bring she into the dining room and deposit she gracefully into pop 's lap . boy here 's a present for you , pop . pop kiss she . mother give pop a quick hug , then turn with all the wrath she can muster on the two boy . mother oh , you two idiot ! George , sit down and have dinner . harry I have eat . mother well , be not you go to finish dress for you graduation party ? look at you . harry I do not care . it 's George 's tux . Annie cross the room , hold she broom . Harry reach out for she . annie if you lay a hand on I , I will hit you with this broom . harry Annie , I be in love with you . there 's a moon out tonight . as he push she through the kitchen door , he slap she fanny . she scream . the noise be cut off by the swinging door . George and he mother sit down at the table . GEORGE Boy , oh , boy , oh , boy '' my last meal at the old Bailey board house . mother oh , my land , my blood pressure ! close shot Harry , as he stick he head through the kitchen door . harry pop , can I have the car ? I be go to take over a lot of plate and thing . mother what plate ? harry oh , Mom '' I be chairman of the eat committee and we only need a couple of dozen . mother oh , no you do not . Harry , now , not my best haviland . she follow Harry into the kitchen , leave pop and George . as she go : GEORGE oh , let he have the plate , mother . close shot George and he father , eat at the table . there be a great similarity and a great understanding between they . pop hope you have a good trip , George . uncle billy and I be go to miss you . GEORGE I be go to miss you , too , pop . what 's the matter ? you look tired . pop oh , I have another tussle with Potter today . GEORGE oh ... pop I think when we put he on the board of director , he would ease up on we a little bit . GEORGE I wonder what 's eat that old money grub buzzard anyway ? pop oh , he 's a sick man . frustrate and sick . sick in he mind , sick in he soul , if he have one . hate everybody that have anything that he can not have . hate we mostly , I guess . medium shot the dining room . Harry and he mother come out of the kitchen , Harry carry a pie in each hand and balance one on he head . camera pan with they as they cross . harry gangway ! gangway ! so long , pop. pop so long , son . GEORGE get a match ? harry very funny . very funny . mother put that thing in the car and I will get you tie and stud together . harry okay , Mom . you come later ? you come later , George ? GEORGE what do you mean , and be bored to death ? harry could not want a better death . lot of pretty girl , and we be go to use that new floor of yours tonight , too . GEORGE I hope it work . pop no gin tonight , son . harry aw , pop , just a little . pop no , son , not one drop . close shot George and pop at the table . Annie come in with some dish . annie boy and girl and music . why do they need gin ? she exit . GEORGE Father , do I act like that when I graduate from high school ? pop pretty much . you know , George , wish we could send Harry to college with you . you mother and I talk it over half the night . GEORGE we have that all figure out . you see , Harry will take my job at the Building and loan , work there four year , then he will go . pop he 's pretty young for that job . GEORGE well , no young than I be . pop maybe you be bear older , George . GEORGE how 's that ? pop I say , maybe you be bear older . I suppose you have decide what you be go to do when you get out of college . GEORGE oh , well , you know what I have always talk about '' build thing ... design new building '' plan modern city '' all that stuff I be talk about . pop still after that first million before you be thirty . GEORGE no , I will settle for half that in cash . Annie come in again from the kitchen . pop of course , it 's just a hope , but you would not consider come back to the Building and loan , would you ? Annie stop serve to hear he answer . GEORGE well , I ... ( to Annie ) Annie , why do not you draw up a chair ? then you would be more comfortable and you could hear everything that 's go on . annie I would if I think I would hear anything worth listen to . GEORGE you would , huh ? she give George a look , and go on out into the kitchen . Bailey smile and turn to George . pop I know it 's soon to talk about it . GEORGE oh , now , pop , I could not . I could not face be coope up for the rest of my life in a shabby little office . he stop , realize that he have hurt he father . GEORGE oh , I be sorry , pop . I do not mean that remark , but this business of nickel and dime and spend all you life try to figure out how to save three cent on a length of pipe ... I would go crazy . I want to do something big and something important . pop ( quietly ) you know , George , I feel that in a small way we be do something important . satisfy a fundamental urge . it 's deep in the race for a man to want he own roof and wall and fireplace , and we be help he get that thing in we shabby little office . GEORGE ( unhappily ) I know , dad . I wish I feel ... but I have be hoard penny like a miser in order to ... most of my friend have already finish college . I just feel like if I do not get away , I would bust . pop yes ... yes ... you be right , son . GEORGE you see what I mean , do not you , pop ? pop this town be no place for any man unless he 's willing to crawl to Potter . you have get talent , son . you get yourself a education . then get out of here . GEORGE pop , do you want a shock ? I think you be a great guy . to cover he embarrassment , he look toward the kitchen door and call : GEORGE oh , do you hear that , Annie ? close shot Annie listen through glass in door . annie I hear it . about time one of you lunkhead say it . close shot George and he father at the table . GEORGE I be go to miss old Annie . pop , I think I will get dress and go over to Harry 's party . pop have a good time , son . wipe to : int . high school gym '' night medium close shot at one end of the room a orchestra be play . George wend he way through the dance couple toward a supper table . he and Harry be carry plate and pie . GEORGE here you be . several of the boy take the plate from he . George look at they , feel very grow up and out of place . harry ( introduce George ) you know my kid brother , George . I be go to put he through college . Sam wainwright come in behind Harry , waggle he hand at he ear as he talk . SAM here come George . hello , hee -haw ! George swing around , delighted to hear a familiar voice . wider angle include Sam and marty hatch . Sam be assure and breezy , wear very collegiate clothes . GEORGE oh , oh. Sam wainwright ! how be you ? when do you get here ? SAM oh , this afternoon . I think I would give the kid a treat . GEORGE Old college graduate now , huh ? SAM yeah '' old Joe College wainwright , they call I . well , freshman , look like you be go to make it after all . GEORGE yep . Sam see Harry and leave George in the middle of a gesture . SAM ( to Harry ) Harry ! you be the guy I want to see . coach have hear all about you . harry he have ? SAM yeah . he 's follow every game and he mouth 's water . he want I to find out if you be go to come along with we . harry well , I gotta make some dough first . SAM well , you better make it fast . we need great end like you '' not break down old guy like this one . George and Sam wiggle they finger at they ear , salute each other . GEORGE hee-haw ! SAM hee-haw ! a elderly , fussy school principal come over to George . principal George , welcome back . GEORGE hello , Mr. partridge , how be you ? principal put a pool under this floor be a great idea . save we another building . now , Harry , Sam , have a lot of fun . there 's lot of stuff to eat and drink . lot of pretty girl around . violet bick come into the scene and turn to face George . she be wave she dance program at he . violet hey , George ... GEORGE hello , violet . violet hello , what be I bid ? marty hatch enter scene . marty George . GEORGE hiya , marty . well , it 's old home week . marty do I a favor , will you , George ? GEORGE what 's that ? marty well , you remember my kid sister , Mary ? GEORGE oh , yeah , yeah . SAM " momma want you , marty . " " momma want you , marty . " remember ? marty dance with she , will you ? GEORGE oh ... I ? oh , well , I feel funny enough already , with all this kid . marty aw , come on . be a sport . just dance with she one time and you will give she the thrill of she life . SAM aw , go on . marty ( call off ) hey , sis . GEORGE well , excuse I , violet . do not be long , marty . I do not want to be a wet nurse for ... he stop suddenly as he see Mary , stare at she . closeup '' mary hatch she be stand talk to one of the boy , freddie , a glass of punch in she hand . for the first time , she be wear a evening gown and she have gain assurance from the admiration of the boy with she . she turn around and for the first time she see George . for a second she lose she poise , stare at he . freddie's voice and the next thing I know , some guy come up and trip I . that 's the reason why I come in fourth . if it have not be for that ... close shot George , stare at Mary . freddie's voice ... that race would have be a cinch . I try to find out who it be later ... closeup '' mary still stare at George , and smile . freddie's voice ... but I could not find out . nobody would ever tell you whoever it be because they would be scared . they know ... medium closeup Mary and freddie . marty come into scene , follow by George . freddie ... what kind of ... marty ( interrupt ) you remember George ? this be Mary . well , I will be see you . GEORGE well ... well ... well ... freddie now , to get back to my story , see ... Mary hand she punch cup to freddie , and she and George start dance . freddie hey , this be my dance ! GEORGE oh , why do not you stop annoying people ? freddie well , I be sorry . hey ! moving shot follow George and Mary as they dance . GEORGE well , hello . mary hello . you look at I as if you do not know I . GEORGE well , I do not . mary you have pass I on the street almost every day . GEORGE I ? mary uh-huh . GEORGE uh-uh . that be a little girl name Mary hatch . that be not you . a whistle be hear offscreen , and the music stop . close shot Harry on the orchestra platform , whistle in hand . harry oyez '' oyez '' oyez ... the big Charleston contest . the prize ? a genuine loving cup . that not tapped by the judge will remain on the floor . let 's go ! closeup '' GEORGE and mary as the music start and couple begin dance once more , they look at each other . GEORGE I be not very good at this . mary neither be I . GEORGE okay '' what can we lose ? they start they Charleston . we see a series of shot of various couple do they routine , some good , some bad . closeup '' freddie lean against the railing around the dance floor , look dagger at George . mickey , a young punk who have have one too many , be beside he . mickey what 's the matter , othello '' jealous ? do you know there 's a swim pool under this floor ? and do you know that button behind you cause this floor to open up ? and do you further know that George Bailey be dance right over that crack ? and I have get the key ? freddie need no more . he take the key from mickey and turn the switch . the floor begin to part in the middle , each half slide under the bleacher seat . pandemonium start . dancer begin to scream as they try to get off . some be so engross in dance they continue at top speed . teacher and elder start to scurry off . as the floor open , it reveal a attractive , light swim pool . George and Mary be so busy dance they do not notice the floor open . spotlight concentrate on they . they mistake the scream for cheer . close shot George and Mary dance . GEORGE they be cheer we . we must be good . medium close shot the crowd watch George and Mary dance . they move backwards until finally they reach the edge of the floor and fall into the pool below . series of shot George and Mary still try to dance in the water '' the crowd on the edge cheer they '' some of the crowd leap into the pool '' the principal try to restore order , finally clasp he hand like a diver and leap in himself . fade out fade in : ext . tree - line residential STREET '' night medium close shot George and Mary . the night be warm with a bright moon . George be dress in jersey sweater and oversize football pants that keep want to come down . Mary be in a old white bath robe . each be carry they wet clothes tie into a bundle that leave a trail of drip water . as they near the camera we hear they sing : GEORGE and mary ( sing ) buffalo gal can not you come out tonight . can not you come out tonight . can not you come out tonight . buffalo gal can not you come out tonight and dance by the light of the moon . GEORGE hot dog ! just like a organ . mary beautiful . camera move with they as they proceed down the street . GEORGE and I tell Harry I think I would be bored to death . you should have see the commotion in that locker room . I have to knock down three people to get this stuff we be wear here . here , let I hold that old wet dress of yours . he take the bundle of clothes from Mary . they stop and look at each other . mary do I look as funny as you do ? GEORGE I guess I be not quite the football type . you ... look wonderful . you know , if it be not I talk I would say you be the prettiest girl in town . mary well , why do not you say it ? GEORGE I do not know . maybe I will say it . how old be you anyway ? mary eighteen . GEORGE eighteen ? why , it be only last year you be seventeen . mary too young or too old ? GEORGE oh , no . just right . you age fit you . yes , sir , you look a little older without you clothes on . Mary stop . George , to cover he embarrassment , talk quickly on : GEORGE I mean , without a dress . you look older ... I mean , young . you look just ... in he confusion George step on the end of the belt of Mary 's bath robe , which be trail along behind she . she gather the robe around she . GEORGE oh-oh ... mary ( hold out she hand ) Sir , my train , please . GEORGE a pox upon I for a clumsy lout . he pick up the belt and throw it over she arm . GEORGE you ... you caboose , my lady . mary you may kiss my hand . GEORGE ummmmm ... holding she hand , George move in closer to Mary . GEORGE hey '' hey , Mary . Mary turn away from he , sing " buffalo gal " : mary ( sing ) as I be lumber down the street ... George look after she ; then pick up a rock from the street . GEORGE okay , then , I will throw a rock at the old granville house . mary oh , no , do not . I love that old house . medium long shot '' old house it be a weather - beat , old - fashioned two -story house that once be no doubt resplendent . GEORGE no . you see , you make a wish and then try and break some glass . you get to be a pretty good shot nowadays , too . medium closeup '' GEORGE and mary mary oh , no , George , do not . it 's full of romance , that old place . I would like to live in it . GEORGE in that place ? mary uh-huh . GEORGE I would not live in it as a ghost . now watch ... right on the second floor there . medium long shot '' old house George hurl the rock at the house . we hear the SOUND of a window break . ext . front porch of house '' night close shot we see a grumpy old man in shirt sleeve in a rock chair on the porch . he look up as he hear the break glass . ext . STREET '' night closeup '' GEORGE and mary mary what would you wish , George ? GEORGE well , not just one wish . a whole hatful , Mary . I know what I be go to do tomorrow and the next day and the next year and the year after that . I be shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my foot and I be go to see the world . Italy , Greece , the parthenon , the colosseum . then I be come back here and go to college and see what they know ... and then I be go to build thing . I be gonna build air field . I be gonna build skyscraper a hundred storey high . I be gonna build bridge a mile long ... as he talk , Mary have be listen intently . she finally stoops down and pick up a rock , weighting it in she hand . GEORGE be you gonna throw a rock ? medium long shot the old desert house . Mary throw she rock , and once more we hear the SOUND of break glass . GEORGE hey , that 's pretty good . what would you wish , Mary ? Mary look at he provocatively , then turn and shuffles off down the street , sing as she go . George hurry after she . mary ( sing ) buffalo gal , can not you come out tonight ... George join she in the sing as they proceed down the street . mary and GEORGE ( sing ) ... can not you come out tonight , can not you come out tonight . buffalo gal can not you come out tonight and dance by the light of the moon . GEORGE what would you wish when you throw that rock ? close shot man on the porch of house , listen to George and Mary . medium closeup '' GEORGE and mary they have stop walk and now face one another . mary oh , no . GEORGE come on , tell I . mary if I tell you it might not come true . GEORGE what be it you want , Mary ? what do you want ? you want the moon ? just say ... long shot full moon shine through the tree . back to shot '' GEORGE and mary GEORGE ... the word and I will throw a lasso around it and pull it down . hey , that 's a pretty good idea . I will give you the moon , Mary . mary I will take it . and then what ? GEORGE well , then you could swallow it and it would all dissolve , see ? and the moonbeam would shoot out of you finger and you toe , and the end of you hair . ( pause ) be I talk too much ? medium closeup '' man on porch of house as George finish talk , he jump up out of he chair : man yes !! why do not you kiss she instead of talk she to death ? close shot '' GEORGE and mary GEORGE how 's that ? medium closeup '' man on porch man why do not you kiss she instead of talk she to death ? close shot '' GEORGE and mary GEORGE want I to kiss she , huh ? close shot '' porch of house man aw , youth be waste on the wrong people . as he speak , the man leave the porch and go into he house , slamm the front door . close shot '' GEORGE and mary GEORGE hey , hey , hold on . hey , mister , come on back out here , and I will show you some kissing that will put hair back on you head . what be you ... Mary run off scene . George have be once more stand on the belt of she bath robe , so as she go , she robe come off . GEORGE ( look around ) Mary ... he drop he bundle of clothes and pick up Mary 's robe . he can not see she anywhere . GEORGE okay , I give up . where be you ? closeup '' BUSH at edge of sidewalk we see Mary 's face peer out from the leave . mary over here in the hydrangea bush . medium close shot '' GEORGE and mary George walk toward the bush . GEORGE here you be . catch . he be about to throw she the robe , when a think strike he . GEORGE wait a minute . what be I do ? this be a very interesting situation . mary ( from the bush ) please give I my robe . GEORGE hmm ... a man do not get in a situation like this every day . mary ( impatiently ) I would like to have my robe . GEORGE not in bedford Falls , anyway . Mary thrashes around in the bush . we hear she say : mary ouch ! GEORGE gesundheit . this require a little think here . mary ( get mad ) George Bailey ! give I my robe ! GEORGE I have hear about thing like this , but I have never ... mary ( interrupt ) shame on you . I be go to tell you mother on you . GEORGE oh , my mother 's way up the corner there . mary ( desperate ) I will call the police . GEORGE they be way downtown . they would be on my side , too . mary I be go to scream ! GEORGE ( thoughtfully ) maybe I could sell ticket . let 's see . no , the point be , in order to get this robe ... I have get it ! I will make a deal with you , Mary . headlights flash into the scene , and the old Bailey automobile drive in , with Harry at the wheel , and uncle billy beside he . uncle billy George ! George ! come on home , quick ! you father 's have a stroke ! George throw Mary 's robe over the bush and get into the car . GEORGE Mary ... Mary , I be sorry . I have get to go . harry come on , George , let 's hurry . GEORGE do you get a doctor ? uncle billy yes , Campbell 's there now . closeup '' the hydrangea BUSH as the car drive off , Mary , now wear the robe , rise up from the bush and follow the car with she eye . fade out fade in : ext . bailey build and loan sign over entrance int . bailey build and loan office '' day close shot '' director meeting there be about twelve director seat around a long table . they be the substantial citizen of bedford Falls : Dr. Campbell , a lawyer , a insurance agent , a real estate salesman , etc . prominently seat among they be Henry f. Potter , he goon beside he wheelchair . uncle billy and George be seat among the director . the Chairman of the board be Dr. Campbell . they have folder and papers before they , on which they have be report . before each of the director there be individual report for they to study . dr . campbell I think that 's all we will need you for , George . I know you be anxious to make a train . GEORGE ( rise ) I have a taxi wait downstairs . dr . campbell I want the board to know that George give up he trip to Europe to help straighten thing out here this past few month . good luck to you at school , George . GEORGE thanks . dr . campbell now we come to the real purpose of this meeting '' to appoint a successor to we dear friend , Peter Bailey . potter Mr. Chairman , I would like to get to my real purpose . man wait just a minute now . potter wait for what ? I claim this institution be not necessary to this town . therefore , Mr. Chairman , I make a motion to dissolve this institution and turn its asset and liability over to the receiver . uncle billy ( angrily ) George , you hear what that buzzard ... lawyer Mr. Chairman , it 's too soon after Peter Bailey 's death to discuss chloroforming the Building and loan . man Peter Bailey die three month ago . I second Mr. Potter 's motion . dr . campbell very well . in that case I will ask the two executive officer to withdraw . Dr. Campbell rise from he seat . George and uncle billy start to collect they papers and leave the table . dr . campbell but before you go , I be sure the whole board wish to express its deep sorrow at the pass of Peter Bailey . GEORGE thank you very much . dr . campbell it be he faith and devotion that be responsible for this organization . potter I will go further than that . I will say that to the public Peter Bailey be the Building and loan . everyone look at he surprised . uncle billy ( try to control himself ) oh , that 's fine , Potter , come from you , consider that you probably drive he to he grave . potter Peter Bailey be not a business man . that 's what kill he . oh , I do not mean any disrespect to he , God rest he soul . he be a man of high ideal , so-called , but ideal without common sense can ruin this town . ( pick up papers from table ) now , you take this loan here to Ernie Bishop ... you know , that fellow that sit around all day on he brain in he taxi . you know ... I happen to know the bank turn down this loan , but he come here and we be building he a house worth five thousand dollar . why ? George be at the door of the office , hold he coat and papers , ready to leave . GEORGE well , I handle that , Mr. Potter . you have all the papers there . his salary , insurance . I can personally vouch for he character . potter ( sarcastically ) a friend of yours ? GEORGE yes , sir . potter you see , if you shoot pool with some employee here , you can come and borrow money . what do that get we ? a discontented , lazy rabble instead of a thrifty work class . and all because a few starry - eye dreamer like Peter Bailey stir they up and fill they head with a lot of impossible idea . now , I say ... George put down he coat and come around to the table , incense by what Potter be say about he father . GEORGE just a minute '' just a minute . now , hold on , Mr. Potter . you be right when you say my father be no business man . I know that . why he ever start this cheap , penny - ante Building and loan , I will never know . but neither you nor anybody else can say anything against he character , because he whole life be ... why , in the twenty - five year since he and uncle billy start this thing , he never once think of himself . be not that right , uncle billy ? he do not save enough money to send Harry to school , let alone I . but he do help a few people get out of you slum , Mr. Potter . and what 's wrong with that ? why ... here , you be all businessman here . do not it make they better citizen ? do not it make they better customer ? you ... you say ... what would you say just a minute ago ?... they have to wait and save they money before they even ought to think of a decent home . wait ! wait for what ? until they child grow up and leave they ? until they be so old and break - down that they ... do you know how long it take a work man to save five thousand dollar ? just remember this , Mr. Potter , that this rabble you be talk about ... they do most of the work and pay and live and die in this community . well , be it too much to have they work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent room and a bath ? anyway , my father do not think so . people be human being to he , but to you , a warpe , frustrated old man , they be cattle . well , in my book he die a much richer man than you will ever be ! potter I be not interested in you book . I be talk about the Building and loan . GEORGE I know very well what you be talk about . you be talk about something you can not get you finger on , and it 's galling you . that 's what you be talk about , I know . ( to the board ) well , I have say too much . I ... you be the board here . you do what you want with this thing . just one thing more , though . this town need this measly one - horse institution if only to have some place where people can come without crawl to Potter . come on , uncle billy ! George leave the room , follow by the jubilant uncle billy . Potter 's face be grim with hatred . the " frustrated old man " remark be gall in he vein . potter sentimental hogwash ! I want my motion ... he be interrupt by a babble of talk , as the director take up the argument int . outer office '' build and loan '' day medium close shot George , visibly shake , be busy with he bag , he papers . he be worried about the outcome of the meeting . dissolve the Building and loan will alter he plan . uncle billy follow he around , chatter . uncle billy Boy , oh , boy , that be tell he , George , old boy . you shut he big mouth . ( to cousin tilly and cousin eustace ) you should have hear he . cousin eustace what happen ? we hear a lot of yell . uncle billy well , we be be vote out of business after twenty - five year . easy come , easy go . cousin tilly ( read a newspaper ) here it be , " help want '' female . " medium close shot '' doorway to office Ernie be in the doorway . ernie you still want I to hang around , George ? medium close shot '' GEORGE and the other GEORGE ( look at he watch ) yeah , I will be right down . uncle billy hey , you will miss you train . you be a week late for school already . go on . GEORGE ( indicate board room ) I wonder what 's go on in there ? uncle billy oh , never mind . do not worry about that . they be put we out of business . so what ? I can get another job . I be only fifty - five . cousin tilly fifty-six ! uncle billy go on '' go on . hey , look , you give up you boat trip , now you do not want to miss college too , do you ? Dr. Campbell come run out , all excited . dr . campbell George ! George ! they vote Potter down ! they want to keep it go ! cousin eustace , cousin tilly and uncle billy cheer wildly . Dr. Campbell and George shake hand . uncle billy whoopee ! dr . campbell but they have get one condition '' only one condition . GEORGE what 's that ? dr . campbell that 's the best part of it . they have appoint George here as executive secretary to take he father 's place . GEORGE oh , no ! but , uncle billy ... dr . campbell you can keep he on . that 's all right . as secretary you can hire anyone you like . GEORGE ( emphatically ) Dr. Campbell , now let 's get this thing straight . I be leave . I be leave right now . I be go to school . this be my last chance . uncle billy here , he 's you man . dr . campbell but , George , they will vote with Potter otherwise . lap dissolve ext . sky '' night the same star we see in the open sequence be once more twinkle as we hear the voice form Heaven clarence's voice I know . I know . he do not go . joseph' voice that 's right . not only that , but he give he school money to he brother Harry , and send he to college . Harry become a football star '' make second team all american . clarence's voice yes , but what happen to George ? lap dissolve ext . railroad station '' day '' four year later medium shot characteristic activity ; a number of people wait for the train . uncle billy be seat on a baggage wagon eat peanut as George pace up and down in front of he . joseph' voice George get four year older , wait for Harry to come back and take over the Building and loan . GEORGE oh , there be plenty of job around for somebody that like to travel . look at this . ( take some folder from he pocket ) there ... Venezuela oil field '' want , man with construction experience . here 's the yukon , right here '' want , man with engineering experience . the whistle of the approach train be hear . GEORGE thar she blow . you know what the three most exciting sound in the world be ? uncle billy uh-huh . Breakfast be serve ; lunch be serve ; dinner ... GEORGE no , no , no , no ! anchor chain , plane motor , and train whistle . uncle billy peanut ? wipe to : ext . train '' day medium shot the train come to a stop , and Harry be among the first to get off , follow by a attractive girl about the same age as he be . George rush into the shot , and as the brother embrace : GEORGE ( joyously ) there 's the professor now ! Old professor , phi beta kappa Bailey ! all american ! harry well , if it be not old George geographic explorer Bailey ! what ? no husky dog ? no sled ? ( to uncle billy ) uncle billy , you have not change a bit . uncle billy nobody ever change around here . you know that . GEORGE oh , be I glad to see you . harry say , where 's mother ? GEORGE she 's home cooking the fatte calf . come on , let 's go . harry oh , wait . wait ... wait a minute . close shot the group , include Ruth dakin . this be the young lady who come off the train with Harry . in the excitement of greeting she have be momentarily forget . she stand , smile , wait . GEORGE hello . uncle billy how do you do . harry Ruth dakin . RUTH Ruth dakin Bailey , if you do not mind . George and uncle billy stare , astound . uncle billy huh ? harry well , I wire you I have a surprise . here she be . meet the wife . George be thunderstruck . he take Ruth 's hand . uncle billy well , what do you know '' wife . GEORGE well , how do you do . congratulation . congratulation . what be I do ? he kiss Ruth . camera move with they down the platform . GEORGE Harry , why do not you tell somebody ? ( to Ruth ) what 's a pretty girl like you do marrying this two-head brother of mine ? RUTH ( smile ) well , I will tell you . it 's purely mercenary . my father offer he a job . George stop , with a sink feel . uncle billy and Ruth continue out of shot . Harry stop with George . uncle billy ( as he move off ) oh , he get you and a job ? well , Harry 's cup runneth over . harry George ... about that job . Ruth speak out of turn . I never say I would take it . you have be hold the bag here for four year , and ... well , I will not let you down , George . I would like to ... oh , wait a minute . I forget the bag . I will be right back . he run out of the shot , George watch he . close shot George slowly move after uncle billy and Ruth . he be think deeply . uncle billy voice it be a surprise to I . this be the new Mrs. Bailey , my nephew 's wife . Old , old friend of the family . ruth's voice oh , of course . I have hear he speak of you . uncle billy voice and I want to tell you , we be go to give the biggest party this town ever see . camera move with George as he come into the scene . Ruth detach herself from the group and offer George some popcorn . RUTH ( to George ) here , have some popcorn . George , George , George ... that 's all Harry ever talk about . GEORGE ( quietly ) Ruth , this ... what about this job ? RUTH oh , well , my father own a glass factory in buffalo . he want to get Harry start in the research business . GEORGE be it a good job ? RUTH oh , yes , very . not much money , but a good future , you know . Harry 's a genius at research . my father fall in love with he . GEORGE and you do , too ? Ruth nod , smile . wipe to : ext . front porch '' bailey home '' night medium close shot cousin eustace be take a photograph of the family group assemble on the porch . flash bulb go off , and the group break up . the crowd enter the front door of the house , leave George and uncle billy on the porch . close shot '' GEORGE and uncle billy the latter be tipsy . he feel very high . uncle billy oh , boy , oh boy , oh boy . I feel so good I could spit in Potter 's eye . I think I will . what do you say , huh ? oh , maybe I would better go home . he look around for he hat , which be on he head . uncle billy where 's my hat ? where 's my ... George take the hat from uncle billy 's head and hand it to he . uncle billy oh , thank you , George . which one be mine ? GEORGE ( laugh ) the middle one . uncle billy oh , thank you , George , old boy , old boy . now , look '' if you will point I in the right direction ... would you do that ? George ? GEORGE right down here . they descend the porch step , and George turn he uncle around and head he down the street . uncle billy Old Building and loan pal , huh ... GEORGE now you just turn this way and go right straight down . uncle billy that way , huh ? he stagger out of the scene , and as George turn away , we hear uncle billy sing " my Wild irish Rose . " there be a crash of can and bottle , then : uncle billy voice I be all right . I be all right . " ... the sweetest flower that grow ... " ext . house '' night medium close shot George be stand at the garden gate . he take some travel folder from he pocket , look at they and throw they away . he be obviously disturb about the latest turn of event . his mother come out of the house and kiss he . GEORGE hello , Mom . mrs . bailey ( as she kiss he ) that 's for nothing . how do you like she ? she nod toward the house , where Harry and Ruth , among a crowd of other couple , be dance to the music of a phonograph , and can be see through the front door . GEORGE she 's swell . mrs . bailey look like she can keep Harry on he toe . GEORGE keep he out of bedford Falls , anyway . mrs . bailey do you know that Mary hatch be back from school ? GEORGE uh-huh . mrs . bailey come back three day ago . GEORGE hmmmm ... mrs . bailey Nice girl , Mary . GEORGE hmmmm ... mrs . bailey kind that will help you find the answer , George . GEORGE hmmm ... mrs . bailey oh , stop that grunt . GEORGE hmmm ... mrs . bailey can you give I one good reason why you should not call on Mary ? GEORGE sure '' Sam wainwright . mrs . bailey hmmm ? GEORGE yes . Sam 's crazy about Mary . mrs . bailey well , she 's not crazy about he . GEORGE well , how do you know ? do she discuss it with you ? mrs . bailey no . GEORGE well then , how do you know ? mrs . bailey well , I have get eye , have not I ? why , she light up like a firefly whenever you be around . GEORGE oh ... mrs . bailey and besides , Sam wainwright 's away in New York , and you be here in bedford Falls . GEORGE and all 's fair in love and war ? mrs . bailey ( primly ) I do not know about war . GEORGE mother , you know , I can see right through you '' right back to you back collar button ... try to get rid of I , huh ? mrs . bailey uh-huh . they kiss . Mrs. Bailey put George 's hat on he head . GEORGE well , here 's you hat , what 's you hurry ? all right , mother , old Building and loan pal , I think I will go out and find a girl and do a little passionate neck . mrs . bailey oh , George ! GEORGE now , if you will just point I in the right direction ... this direction ? ( as he leave ) good night , Mrs. Bailey . wipe to : ext . MAIN STREET bedford fall '' night close shot George be stand in the middle of the street , hand in he pocket . as a girl pass , he turn and watch she for a moment . he be obviously undecided as to what he want to do . ext . violet bick beauty shop '' night medium shot violet be lock up for the night . a couple of man be crowd around she , each one bent on take she out . there be laughter , kid and paw . she look up and see George stand there . violet ( to the two man ) Excuse I ... man now , wait a minute . violet I think I get a date . but stick around , fellow , just in case , huh ? man we will wait for you , baby . camera pan with violet as she cross the street to George . medium close shot '' GEORGE and violet violet hello , georgie -porgie . GEORGE hello , vi. he look she over . violet take she beauty shop seriously and she 's a eyeful . she sense the fact that George be far from immune to she attraction . she link she arm in he and continue on down the street with he . close moving shot '' GEORGE and violet violet what give ? GEORGE nothing . violet where be you go ? GEORGE oh , I will probably end up down at the library . they stop walk and face one another . violet George , do not you ever get tired of just read about thing ? her eye be seductive and guileful as she look up at he . he be silent for a moment , then blurt out : GEORGE yes ... what be you do tonight ? violet ( feign surprise ) not a thing . GEORGE be you game , vi ? let 's make a night of it . violet ( just what she want ) oh , I would love it , georgie . what will we do ? GEORGE let 's go out in the field and take off we shoe and walk through the grass . violet huh ? GEORGE then we can go up to the fall . it 's beautiful up there in the moonlight , and there 's a green pool up there , and we can swim in it . then we can climb mt. bedford , and smell the pine , and watch the sunrise against the peak , and ... we will stay up there the whole night , and everybody will be talk and there will be a terrific scandal ... violet ( interrupt ) George , have you go crazy ? walk in the grass in my bare foot ? why , it 's ten mile up to mt. bedford . GEORGE shhh ... violet ( angrily ) you think just because you ... by this time a small crowd have collect to watch the above scene . violet be furious and talk in a loud voice , and George be try to quiet she . finally : GEORGE okay , just forget about the whole thing . as George stalk off , the crowd break into laughter , and we wipe to : ext . residential STREET '' night close shot George be walk slowly past the hatch home . he stare meditatively at the simple dwelling , then he start walk ahead . but after a few step he turn around and start back . he walk past the house a few yard , turn , and start back again . int . bedroom window '' hatch home '' night close shot Mary be look out the window , watch George walk back and forth . mary what be you do , picketing ? George stop , startle , and look up . GEORGE hello , Mary . I just happen to be pass by . mary yeah , so I notice . have you make up you mind ? GEORGE how 's that ? mary have you make up you mind ? GEORGE about what ? mary about come in . you mother just phone and say you be on you way over to pay I a visit . ext . STREET '' night medium long shot George look surprised at this . GEORGE my mother just call you ? well , how do she know ? mary do not you tell she ? GEORGE I do not tell anybody . I just go for a walk and happen to be pass by ... but Mary have disappear from the window . GEORGE ( to himself ) what do you ... go for a walk , that 's all . int . hatch home '' night medium close shot Mary be run down the stair . mary ( call off ) I will be downstairs , mother . mrs . hatch voice all right , dear . Mary look in a mirror at the bottom of the stair and fix she hair . she be plainly excited at George 's visit . she run into the parlor and put a sketch on a easel . insert : the sketch it be a caricature of George throw a lasso around the moon . letter on the draw say : " George lassos the Moon . " back to shot Mary run into the hall , open the phonograph and put on a record of " buffalo gal . " then she open the front door and stand there wait for George . int . doorway '' night medium close shot George be struggle with the gate '' he finally kick it open and start slowly up the path toward Mary . mary well , be you come in or be not you ? GEORGE well , I will come in for a minute , but I do not tell anybody I be come over here . close shot Mary and George be in the entrance hall . GEORGE when do you get back ? mary Tuesday . GEORGE where would you get that dress ? mary do you like it ? GEORGE it 's all right . I think you would go back to New York like Sam and ingie , and the rest of they . mary oh , I work there for a couple of vacation , but I do not know ... I guess I be homesick . GEORGE ( shocked ) homesick ? for bedford Falls ? mary yes , and my family and ... oh , everything . would you like to sit down ? they go through the doorway into the parlor . GEORGE all right , for a minute . I still can not understand it though . you know I do not tell anybody I be come here . mary would you rather leave ? GEORGE no , I do not want to be rude . mary well , then , sit down . George see the cartoon on the easel and bend down for a close look at it . GEORGE ( indicate cartoon ) some joke , huh ? close shot George and Mary sit on the divan . he be uncomfortable , and she try desperately to keep the conversation alive . GEORGE well , I see it still smell like pine needle in here . mary thank you . there be silence for a moment , then Mary join in sing with the phonograph record which have be play all through the above scene : mary ( sing ) " and dance by the light ... " GEORGE what 's the matter ? oh , yeah ... yeah ... he look at he watch , as though about to leave . GEORGE well , I ... mary ( desperately ) it be nice about you brother Harry , and Ruth , be not it ? GEORGE oh ... yeah , yeah . that 's all right . mary do not you like she ? GEORGE well , of course I like she . she 's a peach . mary oh , it 's just marriage in general you be not enthusiastic about , huh ? GEORGE no , marriage be all right for Harry , and marty , and Sam and you . int . stair medium close shot Mrs. hatch , in a bathrobe , and with she hair in curler , be lean over the banister as she call : mrs . hatch Mary ! Mary ! int . parlor '' night close shot George and Mary seat on the divan . mrs . hatch voice who 's down there with you ? mary it 's George Bailey , mother . mrs . hatch voice George Bailey ? what 's he want ? mary I do not know . ( to George ) what do you want ? GEORGE ( indignant ) I ? not a thing . I just come in to get warm . mary ( to mother ) he 's make violent love to I , mother . George be aghast . mrs . hatch voice you tell he to go right back home , and do not you leave the house , either . Sam wainwright promise to call you from New York tonight . GEORGE ( heatedly ) but you mother need not ... you know I do not come here to ... to ... to ... mary ( rise ) what do you come here for ? GEORGE I do not know . you tell I . you be suppose to be the one that have all the answer . you tell I . mary ( terribly hurt ) oh , why do not you go home ? GEORGE ( almost shouting ) that 's where I be go . I do not know why I come here in the first place ! good night ! as George leave the room , the telephone in the hall start ringing . mary ( to George ) good night ! mrs . hatch voice Mary ! Mary ! the telephone ! it 's Sam ! int . hall '' night medium close shot Mary come into the hall . mary ( almost weep ) I will get it . as Mary come into the hall , she stop by the phonograph , which be still play " buffalo gal , " take off the record with a jerk , and smashes it against the machine . the phone be still ringing . mrs . hatch Mary , he 's wait ! mary hello . as Mary pick up the phone , George come in from the front porch . GEORGE I forget my hat . mary ( overly enthusiastic ) hee-haw ! hello , Sam , how be you ? sam' voice aw , great . gee , it 's good to hear you voice again . George have stop , hat in hand , to hear the first greeting . mary oh , well , that 's awfully sweet of you , Sam . ( glance toward door , see George still there ) there 's a old friend of yours here . George Bailey . SAM you mean old moss -back George ? mary yes , old moss -back George . sam' voice hee-haw ! put he on . mary wait a minute . I will call he . ( call ) George ! mrs . hatch he do not want to speak to George , you idiot ! mary he do so . he ask for he . ( call ) geo ... George , Sam want to speak to you . she hand the instrument to George . GEORGE hello , Sam . int . sam' new york office '' night medium close shot Sam be seat at he desk , while a couple of he friend be nearby , with highball in they hand . SAM ( into phone ) well , George baileyoffski ! hey , a fine pal you be . what be you try to do ? steal my girl ? int . hatch hall '' night medium close shot '' GEORGE and mary GEORGE ( into phone ) what do you mean ? nobody 's try to steal you girl . here ... here 's Mary . sam' voice no , wait a minute . wait a minute . I want to talk to both of you . tell Mary to get on the extension . GEORGE ( to Mary ) here . you take it . you tell he . mary mother 's on the extension . int . upper hallway '' night close shot '' mrs . hatch as she hear this , she hastily hang up the extension phone on which she have be listen . back to shot '' GEORGE and mary mary we can both hear . come here . Mary take the telephone from George and hold it so that of necessity George 's cheek be almost against hers . he be very conscious of she proximity . mary ( on phone ) we be listen , Sam . sam' voice I have a big deal come up that 's go to make we all rich . George , you remember that night in martini 's bar when you tell I you read someplace about make plastic out of soybean ? GEORGE huh ? yeah - yeah-yeah ... soybean . yeah . sam' voice well , dad 's snap up the idea . he 's go to build a factory outside of Rochester . how do you like that ? Mary be watch George interestedly . George be very conscious of she , close to he . GEORGE Rochester ? well , why Rochester ? sam' voice well , why not ? can you think of anything better ? GEORGE oh , I do not know ... why not right here ? you remember that old tool and machinery work ? you tell you father he can get that for a song . and all the labor he want , too . half the town be throw out of work when they close down . sam' voice that so ? well , I will tell he . hey , that sound great ! oh , baby , I know you would come through . now , here 's the point . Mary , Mary , you be in on this too . now listen . have you get any money ? GEORGE money ? yeah ... well , a little . sam' voice well , now listen . I want you to put every cent you have get into we stock , you hear ? and George , I may have a job for you ; that be , unless you be still marry to that break - down Building and loan . this be the biggest thing since radio , and I be let you in on the ground floor . oh , Mary ... Mary ... mary ( nervously ) I be here . sam' voice would you tell that guy I be give he the chance of a lifetime , you hear ? the chance of a lifetime . as Mary listen , she turn to look at George , she lip almost on he lip . mary ( whisper ) he say it 's the chance of a lifetime . George can stand it no longer . he drop the phone with a crash , grab Mary by the shoulder and shake she . Mary begin to cry . GEORGE ( fiercely ) now you listen to I ! I do not want any plastic ! I do not want any ground floor , and I do not want to get marry '' ever '' to anyone ! you understand that ? I want to do what I want to do . and you be ... and you be ... he pull she to he in a fierce embrace . two mean for each other find themselves in tearful ecstasy . GEORGE oh , Mary ... Mary ... mary George ... George ... George ... GEORGE Mary ... close shot Mrs. hatch be at the top of the stair . she practically faint at what she see . wipe to : int . front hall bailey home '' day '' several month later closeup cousin tilly 's face fill the screen as she cry : cousin tilly here they come ! camera pull back , and we hear the SOUND of the wedding March . people be crowded into the room : family , friend , neighbor . there be a din of conversation . Mary and George appear at the top of the stair in travel clothes , with Mrs. hatch , red -ey , behind they . Mary throw she bouquet , which be catch by violet bick . as they come out onto the porch , we see that it be raining . nevertheless , cousin eustace have he camera equipment set up and be take picture of the group . George and Mary dodge through the rain and a shower of rice and get into Ernie 's taxicab , which pull away from the curb . ext . porch of bailey house '' day close shot Mrs. Bailey and Annie , the may . mrs . bailey first Harry , now George . Annie , we be just two old maid now . annie you speak for yourself , Mrs. B. int . ernie' cab '' day close shot '' GEORGE , mary and ernie George and Mary be in each other 's arm . ernie if either of you two see a stranger around here , it 's I . GEORGE hey , look ! somebody 's drive this cab . Ernie reach over and hand George a bottle of champagne do up in gift wrapping . ernie bert , the cop , send this over . he say to float away to happy land on the bubbles . GEORGE oh , look at this . Champagne ! mary good old bert . ernie by the way , where be you two go on this here now honeymoon ? GEORGE where be we go ? ( take out a fat roll of bill ) look at this . there 's the kitty , Ernie . here , come on , count it , Mary . mary I feel like a bootlegger 's wife . ( hold up the money ) look ! GEORGE you know what we be go to do ? we be go to shoot the work . a whole week in New York . a whole week in bermuda . the high hotel '' the oldest champagne '' the richest caviar '' the hot music , and the prettiest wife ! ernie that do it ! then what ? GEORGE ( to Mary ) then what , honey ? mary after that , who care ? GEORGE that do it '' come here . the cab pass the bank , and Ernie see a crowd of people around the door . he stop the cab . long shot scurry people under umbrella , swarm around the bank door . panic be in the air . attendant be try to close down . several people come run past the cab . int . cab close shot '' GEORGE , mary and ernie ernie do not look now , but there 's something funny go on over there at the bank , George , I have never really see one , but that 's get all the earmark of a run . passerby hey , Ernie , if you get any money in the bank , you better hurry . mary George , let 's not stop . let 's go ! George get out of the cab and look down the street . GEORGE just a minute , dear . oh-oh ... mary please , let 's not stop , George . GEORGE I will be back in a minute , Mary . George run off up the street , toward the Building and loan . ext . build and loan '' day close shot '' sidewalk a iron grill block the street entrance to the Building and loan . it have be lock . a crowd of man and woman be wait around the grill . they be simply - dress people , to whom they savings be a matter of life and death . George come in with a assume cheerful manner . the people look at he silently , half shameface , but grimly determine on they rights . in they heart there be panic and fear . GEORGE hello , everybody . Mrs. Thompson , how be you ? Charlie ? what 's the matter here , can not you get in ? no one answer . he quickly unlock the grill door and push it open . follow by the crowd , George run upstairs and into the outer office of the Building and loan . int . outer office '' build and loan '' day medium close shot George , follow by the still - silent people , come in . uncle billy be stand in the doorway to he private office , take a drink from a bottle . he motion to George to join he . GEORGE what be this , uncle billy ? a holiday ? uncle billy George ... he point to George 's office . George turn back cheerfully to the crowd . GEORGE come on in , everybody . that 's right , just come in . George vault over the counter . GEORGE now look , why do not you all sit down . there be a lot of seat over there . just make yourselves at home . uncle billy George , can I see you a minute ? the people ignore George and remain stand in front of the teller 's window . they all have they passbook out . George hurry into he office where uncle billy be wait for he . int . george' office '' day close shot '' GEORGE and uncle billy GEORGE why do not you call I ? uncle billy I just do , but they say you leave . this be a pickle , George , this be a pickle . GEORGE all right now , what happen ? how do it start ? uncle billy how do anything like this ever start ? all I know be the bank call we loan . GEORGE when ? uncle billy about a hour ago . I have to hand over all we cash . GEORGE all of it ? uncle billy every cent of it , and it still be less than we owe . GEORGE Holy mackerel ! uncle billy and then I get scared , George , and close the door . I ... I ... I ... GEORGE the whole town 's go crazy . the telephone ring . uncle billy pick it up . uncle billy yes , hello ? George ... it 's Potter . GEORGE hello ? int . potter' library '' day medium shot Potter seat behind he desk , he goon alongside he . stand in front of the desk be a distinguished - look man , obviously the president of the bank . he be mop he brow with he handkerchief . potter George , there be a rumor around town that you have close you door . be that true ? oh , well , I be very glad to hear that ... George , be you all right ? do you need any police ? int . george' office '' day close shot '' GEORGE and uncle billy GEORGE ( on phone ) Police ? what for ? int . potter' office '' day medium close shot '' potter talking on phone potter well , mob get pretty ugly sometimes , you know . George , I be go all out to help in this crisis . I have just guarantee the bank sufficient fund to meet they need . they will close up for a week , and then reopen . int . george' office '' day close shot '' GEORGE and uncle billy GEORGE ( to uncle billy ) he just take over the bank . int . potter' office '' day close shot '' potter on phone potter I may lose a fortune , but I be willing to guarantee you people too . just tell they to bring they share over here and I will pay they fifty cent on the dollar . int . george' office '' day close shot '' GEORGE and uncle billy GEORGE ( furiously ) aw , you never miss a trick , do you , Potter ? well , you be go to miss this one . George bang the receiver down and turn to meet uncle billy 's anxious look . int . potter' office closeup '' potter on phone potter if you close you door before six p.m. you will never reopen . he realize George have hang up , and click the phone furiously . int . george' office '' day close shot '' GEORGE and uncle billy uncle billy George , be it a nice wedding ? gosh , I want to be there . GEORGE yeah ... ( look at string on uncle billy 's finger ) ... you can take this one off now . a ominous SOUND of angry voice come from the other room . George and uncle billy exit from George 's office . int . outer office '' build and loan '' day medium close shot more people have crowded around the counter . they mutter stop and they stand silent and grim . there be panic in they face . GEORGE now , just remember that this thing be not as black as it appear . as George speak , siren be hear pass in the street below . the crowd turn to the window , then back to George . GEORGE I have some news for you , folk . I have just talk to old man Potter , and he 's guarantee cash payment at the bank . the bank 's go to reopen next week . ed but , George , I get my money here . charlie do he guarantee this place ? GEORGE well , no , Charlie . I do not even ask he . we do not need Potter over here . Mary and Ernie have come into the room during this scene . Mary stand watch silently . charlie I will take mine now . GEORGE no , but you ... you ... you be think of this place all wrong . as if I have the money back in a safe . the money 's not here . you money 's in Joe 's house ... ( to one of the man ) ... right next to yours . and in the Kennedy house , and Mrs. macklin 's house , and a hundred other . why , you be lend they the money to build , and then , they be go to pay it back to you as best they can . now what be you go to do ? foreclose on they ? tom I get two hundred and forty - two dollar in here , and two hundred and forty - two dollar be not go to break anybody . medium close shot '' another angle GEORGE ( hand he a slip ) okay , Tom . all right . here you be . you sign this . you will get you money in sixty day . tom sixty day ? GEORGE well , now that 's what you agree to when you buy you share . there be a commotion at the outer door . a man ( randall ) come in and make he way up to Tom . randall Tom ... Tom , do you get you money ? tom no . randall well , I do . Old man Potter will pay fifty cent on the dollar for every share you get . ( show bill ) crowd ( ad lib ) fifty cent on the dollar ! randall yes , cash ! tom ( to George ) well , what do you say ? GEORGE now , Tom , you have to stick to you original agreement . now give we sixty day on this . tom ( turn to randall ) okay , randall . he start out . mrs . thompson be you go to go to Potter 's ? tom better to get half than nothing . a few other people start for the door . camera pan with George as he vault over the counter quickly , speak to the people . GEORGE Tom ! Tom ! randall ! now wait ... now listen ... now listen to I . I beg of you not to do this thing . if Potter get hold of this Building and loan there will never be another decent house build in this town . he 's already get charge of the bank . he 's get the bus line . he 's get the department store . and now he 's after we . why ? well , it 's very simple . because we be cut in on he business , that 's why . and because he want to keep you live in he slum and pay the kind of rent he decide . the people be still try to get out , but some of they have stand still , listen to he . George have begin to make a impression on they . GEORGE Joe , you live in one of he house , do not you ? well , have you forget ? have you forget what he charge you for that break - down shack ? ( to Ed ) here , Ed . you know , you remember last year when thing be not go so well , and you could not make you payment . you do not lose you house , do you ? do you think Potter would have let you keep it ? ( turn to address the room again ) can not you understand what 's happen here ? do not you see what 's happen ? Potter be not sell . Potter 's buy ! and why ? because we be panicky and he 's not . that 's why . he 's pick up some bargain . now , we can get through this thing all right . we have get to stick together , though . we have get to have faith in each other . mrs . thompson but my husband have not work in over a year , and I need money . woman how be I go to live until the bank open ? man I get doctor bill to pay . man I need cash . man can not feed my kid on faith . during this scene Mary have come up behind the counter . suddenly , as the people once more start move toward the door , she hold up a roll of bill and call out mary how much do you need ? George jump over the counter and take the money from Mary . GEORGE hey ! I get two thousand dollar ! here 's two thousand dollar . this will tide we over until the bank reopen . ( to Tom ) all right , Tom , how much do you need ? tom ( doggedly ) two hundred and forty - two dollar ! GEORGE ( plead ) aw , Tom , just enough to tide you over till the bank reopen . tom I will take two hundred and forty - two dollar . George start rapidly to count out the money . Tom throw he passbook on the counter . GEORGE there you be . tom that will close my account . GEORGE you account 's still here . that 's a loan . Mary turn and slip out through the crowd , follow by Ernie . George hand the two hundred and forty - two dollar to Tom , and speak to Ed , the next in line . GEORGE okay . all right , Ed ? ed I get three hundred dollar here , George . uncle billy take out he wallet and take out all the cash he 's get . GEORGE aw , now , Ed ... what will it take till the bank reopen ? what do you need ? ed well , I suppose twenty dollar . GEORGE twenty dollar . now you be talk . Fine . thanks , ed. ( to Mrs. Thompson , next in line ) all right , now , Mrs. Thompson . how much do you want ? mrs . thompson but it 's you own money , George . GEORGE never mind about that . how much do you want ? mrs . thompson I can get along with twenty , all right . GEORGE ( count it out ) twenty dollar . mrs . thompson and I will sign a paper . GEORGE you do not have to sign anything . I know you will pay it back when you can . that 's okay . ( to woman next in line ) all right , Mrs. Davis . mrs . davis could I have seventeen-fifty ? GEORGE Seven ... ( he kiss she ) bless you heart , of course you can have it . you get fifty cent ? ( count ) Seven ... wipe to : int . outer office build and loan '' night close shot George , uncle billy and cousin tilly be behind the counter , watch the minute hand of a clock on the wall as George count off the second . cousin eustace be ready to close the door . uncle billy ( excitedly ) we be go to make it , George . they will never close we up today ! GEORGE ( count ) six ... five ... four ... three ... two ... one ... bingo ! cousin eustace slam and lock the door , and scurries around the counter to join the other . GEORGE we make it ! look ... ( hold up two bill ) ... look , we be still in business ! we have still get two buck leave ! uncle billy be take a drink out of he bottle . GEORGE well , let 's have some of that . get some glass , cousin tilly . ( to uncle billy ) we be a couple of financial wizard . uncle billy that rockefeller ! GEORGE get a tray for this great big important simoleon . uncle billy we will save they for seed . a toast ! they raise they glass . GEORGE a toast ! a toast to papa dollar and to mama dollar , and if you want the old Building and loan to stay in business , you better have a family real quick . cousin tilly I wish they be rabbit . GEORGE I wish they be too . okay , let 's put they in the safe and see what happen . the four of they parade through the office ; George put the two dollar in the safe . close shot '' group around the safe door as George come out : cousin eustace ( hand out cigar ) wedding cigar ! GEORGE ( startle ) oh-oh ... wedding ! Holy mackerel , I be marry ! where 's Mary ? Mary ... ( he run around look for she ) poor Mary . look , I have get a train to catch . ( look at he watch ) well , the train 's go . I wonder if Ernie 's still here with he taxicab ? George rush into he office to look out the window . cousin tilly ( on telephone ) George , there 's a call for you . GEORGE look , will you get my wife on the phone ? she 's probably over at she mother 's . cousin tilly Mrs. Bailey be on the phone . int . george' office medium closeup '' GEORGE be thoroughly rattled GEORGE I do not want Mrs. Bailey . I want my wife . Mrs. Bailey ! oh , that 's my wife ! here , I will take it in here . ( pick up phone ) Mary ? hello . listen , dear , I be sorry ... what ? come home ? what home ? Three -twenty sycamore ? well , what ... whose home be that ? the waldorf Hotel , huh ? wipe to : ext . old granville house '' night medium long shot a old - fashioned , run-down house , unpaint and warpe by the weather . it once have class but have not be live in for year . this be the house that George and Mary will live in from now on . the rain be pour down . a faint glow of light shine out from bottom window . George hurry into scene . he stop to make sure it be the right number before go up the step . ext . side of house '' night close shot bert and man work in rain , sorting through travel poster . man hey , this be the company 's poster , and the company will not like this . bert how would you like to get a ticket next week ? have not you any romance in you ? man sure I have , but I get rid of it . bert ( read poster ) liver pill ! who want to see liver pill on they honeymoon ? what ? they want romantic place , beautiful place ... place George want to go . a sharp whistle be hear . close shot '' window of house Ernie be lean from the window . ernie hey , bert , here he come . close shot '' bert and man bert come on , we get to get this up . he 's come . man who ? bert the groom , idiot . come on , get that ladder . man ( disgustedly ) what be they '' duck ? close shot '' side porch of house bert and the man be put up travel poster to cover up the break window . bert get that ladder up here . man all right '' all right . bert hurry up ... hurry up ... hurry up . man I be hurry . medium close shot George be approach the front door of the house , on which a sign be hang : " bridal suite . " Ernie look out through the curtain cover the break glass of the front door . ernie hiya ... good evening , sir . Ernie open the door , revealing himself as a homemade butler . this have be accomplish by roll up he pants and put on a old coachman 's hat . George enter . ernie entray , monsieur , entray . int . granville house '' night close shot '' GEORGE enter the house be carpetless , empty '' the rain and wind cause funny noise upstairs . a huge fire be burn in the fireplace . near the fireplace a collection of pack box be heape together in the shape of a small table and cover with a checker oil cloth . it be set for two . a bucket with ice and a champagne bottle sit on the table as well as a bowl of caviar . two small chicken be impale on a spit over the fire . a phonograph be play on a box , and a string from the phonograph be turn the chicken on the spit . the phonograph be play " song of the Islands . " Mary be stand near the fireplace look as pretty as any bride ever look . she be smile at George , who have be slowly take in the whole set-up . through a door he see the end of a cheap bed , over the back of which be a pair of pajamas and a nightie . Ernie exit and close the door . mary ( tear in she eye ) welcome home , Mr. Bailey . GEORGE ( overcome ) well , I will be ... Mary , Mary , where do you ... they rush into each other 's arm and hold each other in ecstasy . ext . side of house '' night close shot bert and Ernie , stand in the pour rain , start sing " I Love you truly . " int . house '' night close shot '' GEORGE and mary they remain embrace . GEORGE oh , Mary ... mary remember the night we break the window in this old house ? this be what I wish for . GEORGE darling , you be wonderful . ext . side of house '' night close shot '' bert and ernie they finish they song , and Ernie kiss bert on the forehead . bert slam Ernie 's hat on he head . fade out fade in : ext . slum STREET bedford fall '' day '' two year later medium close shot in front of one of the miserable shack that line the street be two vehicle . one of they be George Bailey 's rickety car , and the other be a even more rickety truck pile high with household goods . the martini family be move . the family consist of martini , he wife and four kid of various age , from two to ten . George and Mary be help the martinis move . about a dozen neighbor crowd around . martini and George , assist by three of the martini child , be carry out the last of the furniture . as they emerge from the house , one of the neighbor , schultz , call out : schultz martini , you rent a new house ? martini Rent ? ( to George ) you hear what he say , Mr. Bailey ? GEORGE what 's that ? martini I own the house . I , giuseppe martini . I own my own house . no more we live like pig in thisa Potter 's field . hurry , Maria . maria yes ... GEORGE come on ... ( to Mary ) bring the baby . ( to martini ) I will bring the kid in the car . martini oh , thank you , Mr. Bailey . Mary get in the front seat of the car , with the baby in she arm . GEORGE all right , kid '' here '' get in here . now get right up on the seat there . get the ... get the goat ! the family goat get in the back seat with the three kid . martini Goodbye , everybody ! GEORGE all in ... the rickety caravan start off down the street , to the cheer of the neighbor . wipe to : ext . bailey park '' day close shot sign hang from a tree " welcome to Bailey Park . " camera pan to follow George 's car and the old truck laden with furniture as they pass '' we hear martini 's voice sing " o sole mio . " Bailey Park be a district of new small house , not all alike , but each individual . New lawn here and there , and young tree . it have the promise when build up of be a pleasant little middle class section . wipe to : ext . martini be new house '' day medium close shot George and Mary be on the porch of the new house , with the martinis line up before they . GEORGE Mr. and Mrs. martini , welcome home . the martinis cross themselves . ext . STREET '' bailey park '' day close shot Sam wainwright be stand in front of he big black town car . Sam be the epitome of successful , up - and -come businessman . his wife , in the car , be a very attractive , sophisticated - look lady , drip with fur and jewel . Sam be watch George across the street . SAM that old George ... he 's always make a speech . ( to George ) hee-haw ! ( wiggle he hand ) ext . new house '' day close shot '' mary and GEORGE on porch GEORGE ( to Mary ) Sam wainwright ! mary oh , who care . ( to Mrs. martini , give she loaf of bread ) bread ! that this house may never know hunger . Mrs. martini cross herself . mary ( give she salt ) Salt ! that life may always have flavor . GEORGE ( hand bottle to martini ) and wine ! that joy and prosperity may reign forever . enter the martini castle ! the martinis cross themselves , shaking hand all around . the kid enter , with scream of delight . Mrs. martini kiss Mary . int . potter' office in bank '' day close shot Potter seat in he wheelchair at he desk , with he goon beside he . his rent collector , reineman , be talk , point to map spread out on the desk . reineman look , Mr. Potter , it 's no skin off my nose . I be just you little rent collector . but you can not laugh off this Bailey Park any more . look at it . a buzzer be hear , and Potter snap on the dictaphone on he desk . secretary's voice Congressman blatz be here to see you . potter ( to dictaphone ) oh , tell the congressman to wait . ( to reineman ) go on . reineman Fifteen year ago , a half - dozen house stick here and there . ( indicate map ) there 's the old cemetery , squirrel , buttercup , daisy . use to hunt rabbit there myself . look at it today . dozen of the prettiest little home you ever see . ninety per cent own by sucker who use to pay rent to you . you Potter 's field , my dear Mr. employer , be become just that . and be the local yokel make with that David and goliath wisecrack ! potter oh , they be , be they ? even though they know the Bailey have not make a dime out of it . reineman you know very well why . the Bailey be all chump . every one of this home be worth twice what it cost the Building and loan to build . if I be you , Mr. Potter ... potter ( interrupt ) well , you be not I . reineman ( as he leave ) as I say , it 's no skin off my nose . but one of this day this bright young man be go to be ask George Bailey for a job . reineman exit . potter the Bailey family have be a boil on my neck long enough . he flip the switch on the dictaphone . secretary's voice yes , sir ? potter come in here . ext . STREET in bailey park '' day close shot George and Mary be talk to Sam wainwright in front of the latter 's car . hs wife , Jane , be now out of the car . SAM we just stop in town to take a look at the new factory , and then we be go to drive on down to Florida . GEORGE oh ... jane why do not you have you friend join we ? SAM why , sure . hey , why do not you kid drive down with we , huh ? GEORGE oh , I be afraid I could not get away , Sam . SAM still get the nose to the old grindstone , eh? Jane , I offer to let George in on the ground floor in plastic , and he turn I down cold . GEORGE oh , now , do not rub it in . SAM I be not rub it in . well , I guess we better run along . there be handshake all around as Sam and Jane get into they car . jane awfully glad to have meet you , Mary . mary Nice meeting you . GEORGE Goodbye . jane Goodbye , George . SAM so long , George . see you in the funny papers . GEORGE Goodbye , Sam . mary have fun . GEORGE thanks for drop around . SAM ( to chauffeur ) to Florida ! ( to George ) hee-haw ! GEORGE hee-haw . the big black limousine glide away , leave George stand with he arm around Mary , gaze broodingly after it . they slowly walk over to George 's old car and look at it silently . wipe to : int . potter' office '' day close shot Potter be lighting a big cigar which he have just give George . the goon be beside Potter 's chair , as usual . GEORGE thank you , sir . quite a cigar , Mr. Potter . potter you like it ? I will send you a box . GEORGE ( nervously ) well , I ... I suppose I will find out sooner or later , but just what exactly do you want to see I about ? potter ( laugh ) George , now that 's just what I like so much about you . ( pleasantly and smoothly ) George , I be a old man , and most people hate I . but I do not like they either , so that make it all even . you know just as well as I do that I run practically everything in this town but the Bailey Building and loan . you know , also , that for a number of year I have be try to get control of it ... or kill it . but I have not be able to do it . you have be stop I . in fact , you have beat I , George , and as anyone in this county can tell you , that take some do . take during the depression , for instance . you and I be the only one that keep we head . you save the Building and loan , and I save all the rest . GEORGE yes . well , most people say you steal all the rest . potter the envious one say that , George , the sucker . now , I have state my side very frankly . now , let 's look at you side . Young man , twenty - seven , twenty -eight ... marry , make , say ... forty a week . GEORGE ( indignantly ) forty-five ! potter forty -five . forty -five . out of which , after support you mother , and pay you bill , you be able to keep , say , ten , if you skimp . a child or two come along , and you will not even be able to save the ten . now , if this young man of twenty - eight be a common , ordinary yokel , I would say he be do fine . but George Bailey be not a common , ordinary yokel . he 's a intelligent , smart , ambitious young man '' who hate he job '' who hate the Building and loan almost as much as I do . a young man who 's be die to get out on he own ever since he be bear . a young man ... the smartest one of the crowd , mind you , a young man who have to sit by and watch he friend go place , because he 's trap . yes , sir , trap into frittering he life away play nursemaid to a lot of garlic-eater . do I paint a correct picture , or do I exaggerate ? GEORGE ( mystify ) now what 's you point , Mr. Potter ? potter my point ? my point be , I want to hire you . GEORGE ( dumbfounded ) hire I ? potter I want you to manage my affair , run my property . George , I will start you out at twenty thousand dollar a year . George drop he cigar on he lap . he nervously brushes off the spark from he clothes . GEORGE ( flabbergasted ) twenty thou ... twenty thousand dollar a year ? potter you would not mind live in the nicest house in town , buy you wife a lot of fine clothes , a couple of business trip to New York a year , maybe once in a while Europe . you would not mind that , would you , George ? GEORGE would I ? ( look around skeptically ) you be not talk to somebody else around here , be you ? you know , this be I , you remember I ? George Bailey . potter oh , yes , George Bailey . whose ship have just come in '' provide he have brain enough to climb aboard . GEORGE well , what about the Building and loan ? potter oh , confound it , man , be you afraid of success ? I be offer you a three year contract at twenty thousand dollar a year , start today . be it a deal or be not it ? GEORGE well , Mr. Potter , I ... I ... I know I ought to jump at the chance , but I ... I just ... I wonder if it would be possible for you to give I twenty - four hour to think it over ? potter sure , sure , sure . you go on home and talk about it to you wife . GEORGE I would like to do that . potter in the meantime , I will draw up the papers . GEORGE all right , sir . potter ( offer hand ) okay , George ? GEORGE ( take he hand ) okay , Mr. Potter . as they shake hand , George feel a physical revulsion . Potter 's hand feel like a cold mackerel to he . in that moment of physical contact he know he could never be associate with this man . George drop he hand with a shudder . he peer intently into Potter 's face . GEORGE ( vehemently ) no ... no ... no ... no , now wait a minute , here ! I do not have to talk to anybody ! I know right now , and the answer be no ! no ! doggone it ! ( get madder all the time ) you sit around here and you spin you little web and you think the whole world revolve around you and you money . well , it do not , Mr. Potter ! in the ... in the whole vast configuration of thing , I would say you be nothing but a scurvy little spider . you ... he turn and shout at the goon , impassive as ever beside Potter 's wheelchair . GEORGE ... and that go for you too ! as George open the office door to exit , he shout at Mr. Potter 's secretary in the outer office GEORGE and it go for you too ! wipe to : int . bedroom '' GEORGE and mary house '' night close shot '' GEORGE enter the bedroom the room be modestly furnish with just a cheap bed , a chair or two , and a dresser . Mary be asleep in the bed . as George come in , he head be fill with many confusing thought , relate to incident in he past life . potter' voice you would not mind live in the nicest house in town . buying you wife a lot of fine clothes , go to New York on a business trip a couple of time a year . maybe to Europe once in a while . George take off he hat and coat , move over to the dresser and stare at he reflection in the mirror . george' voice I know what I be go to do tomorrow and the next day and next year and the year after that . I be shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my foot , and I be go to see the world ... and I be go to build thing . I be go to build air field . I be go to build skyscraper a hundred storey high . I be go to build a bridge a mile long . while the above thought be pass through George 's head , he attention be catch by a picture on the wall near the dresser : insert : picture on the wall it be the sketch of George lassoing the moon that we first see in Mary 's live room . the lettering read : " George lassos the Moon . " george' voice what be it you want , Mary ? you want the moon ? if you do , just say the word ; I will throw a lasso around it and pull it down for you . Mary be now awake , and start sing they theme song : mary ( sing ) buffalo gal , will not you come out tonight , will not you come out tonight , will not you come out tonight . George cross over and sit on the edge of the bed . GEORGE hi. mary hi. GEORGE Mary hatch , why in the world do you ever marry a guy like I ? mary to keep from be a old may . GEORGE you could have marry Sam wainwright or anybody else in town . mary I do not want to marry anybody else in town . I want my baby to look like you . GEORGE you do not even have a honeymoon . I promise you ... ( do a double take ) ... you what ? mary my baby . GEORGE ( incredulously ) you mean ... Mary , you on the nest ? mary George Bailey lassos stork . GEORGE lassos the stork ! you mean you ... what be it , a boy or a girl ? Mary nod she head happily . fade out fade in : montage sequence over the follow series of shot we hear the voice of Joseph and clarence in Heaven . ext . MAIN STREET bedford fall '' night medium shot George be crossing the street , head for the office of the Building and loan . joseph' voice now , you have probably already guess that George never leave bedford Falls . clarence's voice no ! int . hospital '' day close shot '' nurse holding newborn baby joseph' voice Mary have she baby , a boy . int . sitting room '' day close shot Mary sit on the floor play with a baby . a little boy be in a playpen nearby . joseph' voice then she have another one '' a girl . int . granville house '' day close shot Mary be busy hang wallpaper and painting the old place . joseph' voice Day after day she work away remake the old granville house into a home . int . granville house '' night close shot George have just come into the hall . he be obviously tired and discourage as he start up the stair . the knob on the banister come off in he hand . joseph' voice night after night George come back late from the office . Potter be bear down hard . wipe to : ext . recruiting ground '' day medium long shot a group of man , obviously just draft , march along in a camp . joseph' voice then come a war . int . red cross workroom '' day close shot Mrs. Bailey and other woman in Red Cross uniform busily sewing , etc . joseph' voice ma Bailey and Mrs. hatch join the Red Cross and sew . ext . train in railroad station '' day close shot Mary , with portable u.s.o. pushcart , be serve coffee and doughnut to man lean from the train . joseph' voice Mary have two more baby , but still find time to run the u.s.o. int . factory '' day close shot Sam wainwright show set of blueprint to two Army officer . joseph' voice Sam wainwright make a fortune in plastic hood for plane . int . factory '' day close shot Potter be wheeled in toward a long table around which several man be seat . joseph' voice Potter become head of the draft board . potter ( read from papers ) one -a ... one -a ... one -a ... ext . STREET in bedford fall '' day medium close shot gower and uncle billy be conduct a bond rally from the top of a Army tank . joseph' voice gower and uncle billy sell war bond . ext . battlefield '' night medium closeup bert , in uniform , move cautiously with fix bayonet . smoke and flash of gunfire in background . joseph' voice bert the cop be wounded in North Africa . get the Silver Star . ext . sky '' day long shot hundred of plane , fly overhead , with parachute drop from they . joseph' voice Ernie , the taxi driver , parachute into France . ext . remagen bridge over the rhine '' day close shot marty in the foreground , beckone to soldier to come on . joseph' voice marty help capture the remagen Bridge . int . ready room on aircraft carrier '' night close shot Harry be fasten the helmet of he fly clothes . he wave as he exit through the door . joseph' voice Harry ... Harry Bailey top they all . a navy flier , he shot down fifteen plane . ext . ocean from deck of carrier '' night long shot a flame plane crash into the sea . joseph' voice ... two of they as they be about to crash into a transport full of soldier . clarence's voice yes , but George ... int . ration office '' day close shot George , behind the counter , be try to quiet a crowd of people all clamoring for more ration point . joseph' voice George ? four - F on account of he ear , George fight the battle of bedford Falls . George shout . GEORGE hold on ... hold on ... hold on now . do not you know there 's a war on ? ext . stret '' night close shot George , in the uniform of a air raid warden , be patrol he beat . joseph' voice Air raid warden ... ext . house '' night close shot man beside light window pull down the shade as George blow he whistle . ext . STREET '' day close shot George be help load he old car with scrap paper . joseph' voice ... paper drive ... ext . dump '' day close shot wheelbarrow full of junk be dumped onto pile . joseph' voice ... scrap drive ... ext . STREET '' day medium close shot '' child wheeling old tire joseph' voice ... rubber drive ... int . church '' day medium shot '' people praying in church joseph' voice like everybody else , on v-e Day he wept and pray . ext . church '' another angle medium close shot '' people entering church joseph' voice on V -j Day he wept and pray again . frankline voice Joseph , now show he what happen today . joseph' voice yes , sir . ext . bedford fall STREET '' winter '' day George be walk along the sidewalk read a newspaper . it be a raw , gusty day , and he overcoat and muffler flap in the breeze . draped around one arm be a large Christmas wreath . under he other arm be several more copy of the paper . joseph' voice this morning , day before Christmas , about ten a.m. bedford Falls time ... George come to where Ernie , the taxi driver , be stand on the sidewalk . GEORGE ( hold out paper ) hi , Ernie , look at that . insert : newspaper the front page of the paper , the bedford Falls sentinel . the headline read : " president decorate harry bailey '' local boy win congressional medal of honor " . the subhead tell of a plan for a giant jubilee and parade , to be follow by a banquet , in honor of Commander Harry Bailey , u.s.n. on he way home from Washington after receive the congressional Medal of honor . there 's a large picture of President Truman pin the covete medal on Harry 's bosom , in the midst of dignitary ; a picture of the transport which Harry save . practically the whole front page be devote to the story . close shot '' GEORGE and ernie ernie ( kid ) gonna snow again . GEORGE ( outrage ) what do you mean '' it 's gonna snow again ? look at the headline . ernie I know '' I know '' I know . I think it 's marvelous . gower come run across the street from he drugstore and join they . GEORGE ( read ) Commander Harry Bailey . Mr. gower , look at this '' the second page . ( give they papers ) now look , this be for you . this be for you , this be for you . ( as he leave ) see you again . ext . STREET '' day medium long shot uncle billy be walk along the street , hum happily to himself . he see some man decorate the Court House with banner and bunt '' there be a huge sign read : " welcome Home Harry Bailey " uncle billy ( call out ) be sure you spell the name right . int . outer office build and loan '' day full shot the office be unchange , still small - time and old - fashioned . the same office force , albeit a few year older : cousin tilly and cousin eustace . seat on a chair be a middle - age man with a brief case . the outer door open and George enter : GEORGE extra ! extra ! read all about it ! cousin tilly and cousin eustace be talk on the phone . cousin eustace George ! George ! it 's Harry now on long distance from Washington ! GEORGE Harry ! what do you know about that ? cousin eustace he reverse the charge . it 's okay , be not it ? GEORGE what do you mean it 's okay ? for a hero ? ( take the phone ) Harry ! oh , you old seven kind of a son of a gun . congratulation ! how 's mother stand it ?... she do ? what do you know ... ( to eustace ) mother have lunch with the President 's wife ! cousin tilly wait till martha hear about this . cousin eustace what do they have to eat ? GEORGE ( on phone ) what do they have to eat ? Harry , you should see what they be cooking up in the town for you ... oh , be they ? ( to eustace ) the navy 's go to fly mother home this afternoon . cousin eustace in a plane ? GEORGE what ? uncle billy ? ( to eustace ) have uncle billy come in yet ? cousin tilly no , he stop at the bank first . GEORGE ( on phone ) he 's not here right now , Harry . cousin eustace have turn away from George and catch a glimpse of the man wait in the chair . this be Carter , the bank examiner , come for he annual audit of the book of the Building and loan . GEORGE ( on phone ) but look ... cousin eustace ( interrupt ) George ... GEORGE ( on phone ) ... now tell I about it . cousin eustace ( interrupt ) ... George , that man 's here again . GEORGE what man ? cousin eustace ( nervously ) Bank ... bank examiner . GEORGE oh ... ( on phone ) talk to eustace a minute , will you . I will be right back . he give the phone to eustace , put down he wreath and go over to Carter . close shot '' GEORGE and carter they shake hand . GEORGE good morning , sir . carter Carter '' bank examiner . GEORGE Mr. Carter , merry Christmas . carter merry Christmas . GEORGE we be all excited around here . ( show he paper ) my brother just get the congressional Medal of honor . the President just decorate he . carter well , I guess they do that thing . well , I trust you have a good year . GEORGE good year ? well , between you and I , Mr. Carter , we be break . carter yeah , very funny . GEORGE well ... ( lead he into office ) ...now , come right in here , Mr. Carter . carter ( as they go ) although I should not wonder when you okay reverse charge on personal long distance call . cousin tilly George , shall we hang up ? GEORGE no , no . he want to talk to uncle billy . you just hold on . carter ( in doorway ) now , if you will cooperate , I would like to finish with you by tonight . I want to spend Christmas in elmira with my family . GEORGE I do not blame you at all , Mr. Carter , just step right in here . we will fix you up . int . bank '' day close shot uncle billy be fill out a deposit slip at one of the desk . uncle billy ( write ) December twenty - fourth ... he take a thick envelope from he inside pocket and thumb through the bill it contain . it be evidently a large sum of money . uncle billy eight thousand ... medium shot '' door to STREET Potter be be wheeled in by he goon . various bank official run over to greet he '' he be read a newspaper . uncle billy have finish fill out he slip , and come over to taunt Potter , the envelope contain the money in he hand . uncle billy well , good morning , Mr. Potter . what 's the news ? he grab the paper from Potter 's hand . uncle billy ( cont 'd ) well , well , well , Harry Bailey win congressional Medal . that could not be one of the Bailey boy ? you just can not keep that Bailey down , now , can you , Mr. Potter ? potter how do slacker George feel about that ? uncle billy very jealous , very jealous . he only lose three button off he vest . of course , slacker George would have get two of that medal if he have go . potter bad ear . uncle billy yes . uncle billy fold Potter 's paper over the envelope contain he money , and fling he final taunt at the old man . uncle billy after all , Potter , some people like George have to stay home . not every heel be in Germany and Japan ! in a cold rage , Potter grab he paper and wheel off toward he office . uncle billy smile triumphantly and go toward deposit window with he deposit slip . close shot uncle billy and bank teller at the window . uncle billy ( still chuckle ) good morning , Horace . uncle billy hand the bank book over . the teller open it , start to punch it with rubber stamp . teller I guess you forget something . uncle billy huh ? teller you forget something . uncle billy what ? teller well , be not you go to make a deposit ? uncle billy sure , sure I be . teller well , then ... it 's usually customary to bring the money with you . uncle billy oh , shuck ... uncle billy search through every pocket he have . uncle billy ( look bewilder ) I know I have ... the teller , know the old man 's vagary , point to one of the numerous string tie around he finger . teller how about that one there ? uncle billy hmm ? well , I ... int . potter' office '' day close shot Potter be now behind he desk . he spread the newspaper out in front of he , mutter as he do so . potter Bailey ... he see the envelope , look inside at the money . then , to he goon , indicate the office door : potter take I back there . hurry up . ( as they go ) come on , look sharp . Potter open the door just a little , and peer through into the bank . int . bank '' day close shot '' deposit slip desk uncle billy look around for the money envelope . it be not there . he look puzzle , think hard , then a look of concern creep into he eye . he start thumping he pocket , with increase panic , and look in the waste paper basket on the floor . he finally rush through the door and out into the street . int . potter' office '' day close shot '' potter watching through the door potter ( to goon ) take I back . the goon wheel he back to he desk . he be deep in think , with a crafty expression on he face . ext . STREET '' day medium close shot uncle billy run across the street in the direction of the Building and loan . int . outer office '' build and loan '' day close shot George come from room where he have just leave the bank examiner . GEORGE just make yourself at home , Mr. Carter . I will get that book for you . he see violet bick stand there . GEORGE oh , hello , vi. violet George , can I see you for a second ? GEORGE why , of course you can . come on in the office here . he hear a noise , and see uncle billy enter the office . GEORGE uncle billy , talk to Harry . he 's on the telephone . George and violet enter he private office . uncle billy come hurry in . cousin tilly hurry , uncle billy , hurry . Long distance , Washington . cousin eustace hey , here 's Harry on the phone . cousin tilly Harry , you nephew , remember ? cousin eustace ( on phone ) here he be . uncle billy pick up the phone and speak distractedly , without know what he be say . uncle billy ( on phone ) hello ... hello ... yes , Harry '' yes ... everything ... everything 's fine . he hang up agitatedly , mutter to himself as he go into he own office . cousin tilly and cousin eustace look after he , dumbfounded . uncle billy I should have my head examine . eight thousand dollar . it 's get to be somewhere . int . george' office '' day close shot '' GEORGE and violet George have just finish write something , and be slip the paper into a envelope . GEORGE ( hand it to she ) here you be . violet ( bitterly ) character ? if I have any character , I would ... GEORGE it take a lot of character to leave you home town and start all over again . he pull some money from he pocket , and offer it to she . violet no , George , do not ... GEORGE here , now , you be break , be not you ? violet I know , but ... GEORGE what do you want to do , hock you fur , and that hat ? want to walk to New York ? you know , they charge for meal and rent up there just the same as they do in bedford Falls . violet ( take money ) yeah '' sure ... GEORGE it 's a loan . that 's my business . Building and loan . besides , you ' will get a job . good luck to you . she look at he , then say a strange thing . violet I be glad I know you , George Bailey . she reach up and kiss he on the cheek , leave lipstick . George open the door for she . int . outer office '' day close shot as George and violet come through the door , they be be watch by cousin tilly , cousin eustace and the bank examiner , who be still wait to go to work on the book . GEORGE say hello to New York for I . violet yeah '' yeah ... sure I will . GEORGE now , let 's hear from you ... violet see the lipstick on George 's cheek , and dab at it with she handkerchief . GEORGE what 's the matter ? merry Christmas , vi. violet merry Christmas , George . she exit . mr. carter Mr. Bailey ... GEORGE oh , Mr. Carter , I be sorry . I will be right with you . ( to cousin tilly ) uncle billy in ? cousin tilly yeah , he 's in he office . int . doorway to uncle billy office '' day close shot as George open the door he see uncle billy frantically look for the miss envelope . the office be in a mess , drawer be open , and papers scattered on the floor and on the desk . GEORGE unc ... what 's go on ? the bank examiner 's here , and I ... uncle billy ( in dismay ) he 's here ? GEORGE yeah , yeah . he want the account payable ... George stop short , suddenly aware of the tragic old eye look up at he . GEORGE what 's the matter with you ? uncle billy gesture nervously for George to come in . he do so and close the door . int . outer office '' day medium shot cousin tilly be at she switchboard , and cousin eustace stand beside she . Carter be still wait in the doorway to he office . suddenly the door open and George come stride out . he go directly to the safe and start search , but do not find the money . then he go to the cash drawer in the counter , and look through it . GEORGE eustace ... eustace yeah ? GEORGE come here a minute . cousin eustace run over to George . GEORGE do you see uncle billy with any cash last night ? cousin eustace he have it on he desk count it before he close up . ext . MAIN STREET bedford fall '' day medium shot uncle billy and George be retrace the former 's step through the snow , look everywhere for the miss money . they pause for a moment on the sidewalk . GEORGE now look , do you buy anything ? uncle billy nothing . not even a stick of gum . GEORGE all right . all right . now we will go over every step you take since you leave the house . uncle billy this way . they continue on down the street on they search . ext . window of potter' office in bank '' day close shot Potter be peer through the slat of the venetian blind , watch they as they go . ext . MAIN STREET bedford fall '' day moving shot George and uncle billy continue they search . wipe to : int . uncle billy live room close shot a shabby , old - fashioned , gas - light room which have be turn almost inside out and upside down in a effort to locate the miss money . drawer of a old secretary have be pull out and be on the floor . every conceivable place which might have be use by uncle billy to put the money have be searched . George , he hair rumple , be feverishly pursue the search . uncle billy be seat behind the desk , he head on he hand . GEORGE and do you put the envelope in you pocket ? uncle billy yeah ... yeah ... maybe ... maybe ... GEORGE ( shout ) maybe '' maybe ! I do not want any maybe . uncle billy , we have get to find that money ! uncle billy ( piteously ) I be no good to you , George . I ... GEORGE listen to I . do you have any secret hide place here in the house ? someplace you could have put it ? someplace to hide the money ? uncle billy ( exhaust ) I have be over the whole house , even in room that have be lock ever since I lose Laura . uncle billy start sobbing hysterically . George grab he by the lapel and shake he . GEORGE ( harshly ) listen to I ! listen to I ! think ! think ! uncle billy ( sobbing ) I can not think any more , George . I can not think any more . it hurt ... George jerk he to he foot and shake he . uncle billy stand before he like a frisk criminal , all he pocket hang out , empty . George 's eye and manner be almost maniacal . GEORGE ( scream at he ) where 's that money , you stupid , silly old fool ? where 's the money ? do you realize what this mean ? it mean bankruptcy and scandal , and prison ! he throw uncle billy down into he chair , and still shout at he : GEORGE that 's what it mean ! one of we be go to jail ! well , it 's not go to be I ! George turn and head for the door , kick viciously at a waste basket on the floor as he go . uncle billy remain sobbing at the table , he head in he arm . wipe to : int . george' live room '' night close shot janie ( age eight ) be seat at the piano play " hark , the Herald angel sing , " which she practice during the remainder of this scene . there be a Christmas tree all decorate near the fireplace . at a large table Mary be busy put cellophane bow and decoration on gift package . at a small table Pete ( age nine ) be seat with pad and pencil in the throes of composition . on the floor Tommy ( age three ) be play with a toy vacuum cleaner . we hear the SOUND of a door open and close . Mary turn and see George enter the hall , a slight powder of snow on he head and shoulder . int . hall '' night close shot as George come into the house . mary hello darling . child hello daddy , hello daddy . mary ( indicate tree ) how do you like it ? George sneeze violently . mary and child bless you ! mary do you bring the wreath ? pete do you bring the Christmas wreath ? GEORGE what ? what wreath ? mary the merry Christmas wreath for the window . GEORGE ( gruffly ) no . I leave it at the office . mary be it snow ? GEORGE yeah , just start . mary where 's you coat and hat ? GEORGE Left they at the office . Mary stare at he , aware that something unusual have happen . mary what 's the matter ? GEORGE ( bitterly ) nothing 's the matter . everything 's all right . int . live room '' night close shot George slump into a armchair and lift Tommy onto he lap . Mary be help Pete decorate the Christmas tree . mary go on , Pete , you be a big boy . you can put the star up . Way up at the top . that 's it . fill in that little bare spot right there . that 's it . ( to George ) be not it wonderful about Harry ? we be famous , George . I will bet I have fifty call today about the parade , the banquet . you mother 's so excited , she ... during this scene , George have be sit in the chair , hugging Tommy to he , and cry quietly . Mary realize that something be seriously wrong , and break off . janie be thumping away at the piano . GEORGE must she keep play that ? janie ( hurt ) I have to practice for the party tonight , daddy . pete mommy say we can stay up till midnight and sing Christmas carol . tommy can you sing , daddy ? mary ( to George ) better hurry and shave . the family will be here soon . GEORGE ( rise from chair ) families ! I do not want the family over here ! Mary lead he out toward the kitchen . mary come on out in the kitchen with I while I finish dinner . they exit with Tommy hang onto George 's coat-tail , and pull at he . camera pan with they . tommy Excuse I ... excuse I ... int . hall '' night close shot as they go toward kitchen . mary have a hectic day ? GEORGE ( bitterly ) oh , yeah , another big red letter day for the Bailey . pete daddy , the Browns next door have a new car . you should see it . GEORGE ( turn on he ) well , what 's the matter with we car ? be not it good enough for you ? pete yes , daddy . tommy ( tug at coat ) Excuse I , excuse I ... int . kitchen '' night close shot they come through the door . GEORGE ( annoyed ) Excuse you for what ? tommy I burp ! mary all right , darling , you be excuse . now go upstairs and see what little Zuzu want . Tommy leave , and Mary turn to the stove . GEORGE Zuzu ! what 's the matter with Zuzu ? mary oh , she 's get a cold . she 's in bed . caught it come home from school . they give she a flower for a prize and she do not want to crush it so she do not button up she coat . GEORGE what be it , a sore throat or what ? mary just a cold . the doctor say it 's nothing serious . GEORGE the doctor ? be the doctor here ? mary yes , I call he right away . he say it 's nothing to worry about . GEORGE be she run a temperature ? what be it ? mary just a teensie one '' ninety - nine , six . she will be all right . George pace about the kitchen , worried . GEORGE gosh , it 's this old house . I do not know why we do not all have pneumonia . this drafty old barn ! might as well be live in a refrigerator . why do we have to live here in the first place and stay around this measly , crummy old town ? mary ( worried ) George , what 's wrong ? GEORGE wrong ? everything 's wrong ! you call this a happy family ? why do we have to have all this kid ? pete ( come in ) dad , how do you spell " frankincense " ? GEORGE ( shout ) I do not know . ask you mother . George go toward doorway . mary where be you go ? GEORGE go up to see Zuzu . we hear he footstep as he leave . Mary look after he , puzzle and concerned , then come over to Pete . pete he tell I to write a play for tonight . mary f-r-a-n-k-i-n ... int . hall '' night medium close shot '' GEORGE start up the stair the knob on the banister come off in he hand , and for a moment he have a impulse to hurl it into the live room . then , he replace the knob , and go on up the stair . int . zuzu's bedroom '' night full shot the SOUND of janie at the piano can be hear , the same monotonous rhythm over and over . Zuzu ( age six ) be sit up in she bed , the lamp burn beside she . she be hold she prize flower . George tiptoe in . then , as he see she 's awake , he come over , sit on the edge of she bed . zuzu hi , daddy . GEORGE well , what happen to you ? zuzu I win a flower . she start to get out of bed . GEORGE wait now . where do you think you be go ? zuzu want to give my flower a drink . GEORGE all right , all right . here , give daddy the flower . I will give it a drink . she shake she head and press the flower to she . a few petal fall off . she pick they up . zuzu look , daddy ... paste it . GEORGE yeah , all right . now , I will paste this together . she hand he the fall petal and the flower . he turn he back to Zuzu , pretend to be tinkering with the flower . he stick the fall petal in he watch pocket , rearrange the flower , and then turn back to Zuzu . GEORGE there it be , good as new . zuzu give the flower a drink . George put the flower in a glass of water on the table beside she bed . GEORGE now , will you do something for I ? closeup '' GEORGE and zuzu they whisper . zuzu what ? GEORGE will you try to get some sleep ? zuzu I be not sleepy . I want to look at my flower . GEORGE I know '' I know , but you just go to sleep , and then you can dream about it , and it will be a whole garden . zuzu it will ? GEORGE uh-huh . she close she eye and relax on the bed . George pull the cover over she . he bend down and he lip touch a tendril of the child 's hair . then he get up and tiptoe out of the room . int . live room '' night close shot janie be still pound with grim determination at the piano . Pete be seat at the table write . Tommy be play with he toy vacuum cleaner . the telephone ring . janie and pete telephone . int . live room '' night close shot Mary come in and pick up the phone . mary I will get it . ( on phone ) hello . yes , this be Mrs. Bailey . George enter shot , and stand listen to she . mary oh , thank you , Mrs. Welch . I be sure she will be all right . the doctor say that she ought to be out of bed in time to have she Christmas dinner . GEORGE be that Zuzu 's teacher ? mary ( hand over receiver ) yes . GEORGE let I speak to she . he snatch the phone from Mary . GEORGE ( on phone ) hello . hello , Mrs. Welch ? this be George Bailey . I be Zuzu 's father . say , what kind of a teacher be you anyway ? what do you mean send she home like that , halfnake ? do you realize she will probably end up with pneumonia on account of you ? mary ( shocked ) George ! she put a restrain hand on he arm . he shake it off . she can not know that George 's tirade against Mrs. Welch be really a tirade against the world , against life itself , against God . over the phone we hear Mrs. Welch 's voice sputtering with protest . GEORGE be this the sort of thing we pay tax for '' to have teacher like you ? silly , stupid , careless people who send we kid home without any clothes on ? you know , maybe my kid be not the best - dress kid ; maybe they do not have any decent clothes ... Mary succeed in wrest the phone from George 's hand . GEORGE aw , that stupid ... Mary speak quickly in to the phone . mary hello , Mrs. Welch . I want to apologize ... hello ... hello ... ( to George ) she 's hang up . GEORGE ( savagely ) I will hang she up ! but the telephone be suddenly alive with a powerful male voice call : mr. welch's voice now , who do you think you be ? George hear this and grab the receiver from Mary . GEORGE ( to Mary ) wait a minute . ( on phone ) hello ? who be this ? oh , Mr. Welch ? okay , that 's fine , Mr. Welch . give I a chance to tell you what I really think of you wife . Mary once more try to take the phone from he . mary George ... GEORGE ( rave at she ) will you get out and let I handle this ? ( into phone '' shouting ) hello ? hello ? what ? oh , you will , huh ? okay , Mr. Welch , any time you think you be man enough ... hello ? any ... but before he can think of a insult to top Welch 's , we hear a click on the phone . GEORGE oh ... he hang up the receiver , and turn toward the live room . his face be flushed and wet . pete daddy , how do you spell " hallelujah " ? GEORGE ( shout ) how should I know ? what do you think I be , a dictionary ? he yell at Tommy , noisily play with he vacuum cleaner . GEORGE Tommy , stop that ! stop it ! janie be still practice at the piano , monotonously . GEORGE ( savagely ) janie , have not you learn that silly tune yet ? you have play it over and over again . now stop it ! stop it ! int . live room '' night close shot the room have suddenly become ominously quiet , the only SOUND be George 's labor breathe . George go over to a corner of the room where he workshop be set up '' a draw table , several model of modern building , bridge , etc . savagely he kick over the model , pick up some book and hurl they into the corner . Mary and the child watch , horrify . George look around and see they stare at he as if he be some unknown wild animal . the three child be cry . GEORGE ( gasp for breath ) I be sorry , Mary , janie . I be sorry . I do not mean ... you go on and practice . Pete , I owe you a apology , too . I be sorry . what do you want to know ? pete ( hold back he tear ) nothing , daddy . Mary and the child stare at he , stunne by he furious outburst . there be silence in the room . GEORGE what 's the matter with everybody ? janie , go on . I tell you to practice . ( shout ) now , go on , play ! janie break into sob . janie oh , daddy ... mary ( in a outburst ) George , why must you torture the child ? why do not you ... the sight of Mary and the child suffer be too much for George . GEORGE Mary ... he look around he , then quickly go out the front door of the house . Mary go to the phone , pick it up . mary bedford , two -four-seven , please . pete be daddy in trouble ? janie shall I pray for he ? mary yes , janie , pray very hard . tommy I , too ? mary you too , Tommy . ( on phone ) hello , uncle billy ? wipe to : int . potter' office in bank '' night '' 8:00 p.m. medium closeup Potter be seat at he desk , he goon beside he . he be signing some papers . George be seat in a chair before the desk , without a hat or coat , cover lightly with snow . GEORGE I be in trouble , Mr. Potter . I need help . through some sort of a accident my company 's short in they account . the bank examiner 's up there today . I have get to raise eight thousand dollar immediately . potter ( casually ) oh , so that 's what the reporter want to talk to you about ? GEORGE ( incredulous ) the reporter ? potter yes . they call I up from you Building and loan . oh , there 's a man over there from the d.a. 's office , too . he 's look for you . GEORGE ( desperate ) please help I , Mr. Potter . help I , will not you please ? can not you see what it mean to my family ? I will pay you any sort of a bonus on the loan ... any interest . if you still want the Building and loan , why I ... potter ( interrupt ) George , could it possibly be there 's a slight discrepancy in the book ? GEORGE no , sir . there 's nothing wrong with the book . I have just misplace eight thousand dollar . I can not find it anywhere . potter ( look up ) you misplace eight thousand dollar ? GEORGE yes , sir . potter have you notify the police ? GEORGE no , sir . I do not want the publicity . Harry 's homecome tomorrow ... potter ( snort ) they be go to believe that one . what have you be do , George ? play the market with the company 's money ? GEORGE no , sir . no , sir . I have not . potter what be it '' a woman , then ? you know , it 's all over town that you have be give money to violet bick . GEORGE ( incredulous ) what ? potter not that it make any difference to I , but why do you come to I ? why do not you go to Sam wainwright and ask he for the money ? GEORGE I can not get hold of he . he 's in Europe . potter well , what about all you other friend ? GEORGE they do not have that kind of money , Mr. Potter . you know that . you be the only one in town that can help I . potter I see . I have suddenly become quite important . what kind of security would I have , George ? have you get any stock ? GEORGE ( shaking he head ) no , sir . potter bond ? Real estate ? collateral of any kind ? GEORGE ( pull out policy ) I have some life insurance , a fifteen thousand dollar policy . potter yes ... how much be you equity in it ? GEORGE five hundred dollar . potter ( sarcastically ) look at you . you use to be so cocky ! you be go to go out and conquer the world ! you once call I a warpe , frustrated old man . what be you but a warpe , frustrated young man ? a miserable little clerk crawl in here on you hand and knee and begging for help . no security '' no stock '' no bond '' nothing but a miserable little five hundred dollar equity in a life insurance policy . you be worth more dead than alive . why do not you go to the riff- raff you love so much and ask they to let you have eight thousand dollar ? you know why ? because they would run you out of town on a rail ... but I will tell you what I be go to do for you , George . since the state examiner be still here , as a stockholder of the Building and loan , I be go to swear out a warrant for you arrest . misappropriation of fund '' manipulation '' malfeasance ... George turn and start out of the office as Potter pick up the phone and dial . potter all right , George , go ahead . you can not hide in a little town like this . George be out of the door by now . camera move closer to Potter . potter ( on phone ) Bill ? this be Potter . ext . MAIN STREET bedford fall '' night medium close shot George come out of the bank into the fall snow . he cross the street , tug at the door of he old car , finally step over the door , and drive off . ext . martini be bar '' night medium close shot a attractive little roadside tavern , with the name " martini 's " in neon light on the front wall . int . martini be bar '' night close shot the place be a italian restaurant with bar . the bottle sparkle . there be Christmas green and holly decorate the place . it have a warm , welcoming spirit , like martini himself , who be welcoming new arrival . the booth and the checker - cloth - cover table be full . there be a air of festivity and friendliness , and more like a party than a public drink place . George be seat at the bar '' he have have a great deal to drink , far more than he 's accustom to . martini' voice ( greeting new customer ) merry Christmas . glad you come . man' voice how about some of that good spaghetti ? martini' voice we get everything . during this , camera move closer to George . Nick , the bartender , be watch he solicitously . seat on the other side of George be a burly individual , drink a glass of beer . George be mumble : GEORGE God ... God ... dear Father in Heaven , I be not a praying man , but if you be up there and you can hear I , show I the way . I be at the end of my rope . show I the way , God . nick ( friendly ) be you all right , George ? want someone to take you home ? George shake he head . martini come over to he side . martini ( worried ) why you drink so much , my friend ? please go home , Mr. Bailey . this be Christmas Eve . the ugly man next to George , who have be listen , react sharply to the name " Bailey . " man Bailey ? which Bailey ? nick this be Mr. George Bailey . without any warning , the burly man throw a vicious punch at George , who go down and out . martini , Nick and several other rush to pick he up . man ( to George ) and the next time you talk to my wife like that you will get worse . she cry for a hour . it be not enough she slave teach you stupid kid how to read and write , and you have to bawl she out ... martini ( furious ) you get out of here , Mr. Welch ! Mr. Welch reach in he pocket for money . welch now wait ... I want to pay for my drink . martini never mind the money . you get out of here quick . welch all right . martini you hit my best friend . get out ! Nick and martini shove Welch out the door , then run back to help George to he foot . George 's mouth be cut and bleed . nick you all right , George ? GEORGE ( stunne ) who be that ? martini he 's go . do not worry . his name be Welch . he do not come in to my place no more . GEORGE oh '' Welch . that 's what I get for praying . martini the last time he come in here . you hear that , Nick ? nick yes , you bet . GEORGE where 's my insurance policy ? ( find it in pocket ) oh , here ... he start for the door . martini oh , no , please , do not go out this way , Mr. Bailey . GEORGE I be all right . Nick and martini try to stop he , but he shrug they off . martini oh , no '' you do not feel so good . GEORGE I be all right . martini please do not go away '' please ! George open the door and exit to the street . wipe to : ext . residential STREET '' night medium shot George 's car come along the empty street , through the fall snow , suddenly swerve and crash into a tree near the sidewalk of a house . George get out to look at the damage , and savagely kick at the open door of the car , try to shut it . the noise bring the owner of the house run out . owner what do you think you be do ? close shot George stand unsteadily near the car , shake by the accident . the front light be break and the fender be rip . George stand dully look at the damage . the owner come up , look at he tree . he lean over to examine the damage . owner ( with indignation ) now look what you do . my greatgrandfather plant this tree . George stagger off down the street , pay no attention to the man . owner hey , you ... hey , you ! come back here , you drunken fool ! get this car out of here ! ext . bridge over river '' night medium long shot George be crossing the approach to the bridge when a truck swing around the corner and nearly hit he . driver hey , what 's the matter with you ? look where you be go ! the truck turn onto the bridge , and George take a narrow catwalk at the railing . close shot George have stop by the railing at the center of the bridge . the snow be now fall hard . ext . river '' night medium close shot camera shoot down from George 's angle to the water , dot with float ice , pass under the bridge . ext . bridge at railing '' night closeup '' GEORGE he stare down at the water , desperate , try to make up he mind to act . he lean over look at the water , fascinate , glance furtively around he , hunch himself as though about to jump . medium close shot from above George a body hurtle past and land in the water with a loud splash . George look down , horrify . voice ( from river ) help ! help ! George quickly take off he coat and dive over the railing into the water . closer angle George come up , see the man flail about in the water , and camera pan with he as he swim toward the man . man help ! help ! help ! ext . toll house on bridge '' night close shot the toll house keeper , hearing the cry for help , come run out on the bridge with a flashlight , which he shine on the two figure struggle in the water below . ext . river '' night close shot the man in the water be clarence , the angel whose voice we have hear speak from Heaven . George reach he , grab hold of he , and start swim for shore . wipe to : int . toll house on bridge '' night medium shot '' GEORGE , clarence , and the tollkeeper George be seat before a wood - burn stove before which he clothes be drying on a line . he be in he long winter underwear . he be sip a mug of hot coffee , stare at the stove , cold , gloomy and drunk , ignore clarence and the tollkeeper , preoccupy by he near suicide and he unsolve problem . clarence be stand on the other side of the stove , put on he undershirt . this be a ludicrous seventeenth century garment which look like a baby 's night shirt '' with embroider cuff and collar , and gather at the neck with a drawstring . it fall below he knee . the tollkeeper be seat against the wall eyeing they suspiciously . throughout the scene he attempt to spit , but each time be stop by some amazing thing clarence do or say . clarence become aware that he garment be amazing the tollkeeper . clarence I do not have time to get some stylish underwear . my wife give I this on my last birthday . I pass away in it . the tollkeeper , about to spit , be stop in the middle of it by this remark . clarence , secretly try to get George 's attention , now pick up a copy of " Tom sawyer " which be hang on the line , drying . he shake the book . clarence oh , Tom sawyer 's drying out , too . you should read the new book Mark twain 's write now . the tollkeeper stare at he incredulously . tollkeeper how would you happen to fall in ? clarence I do not fall in . I jump in to save George . George look up , surprised . GEORGE you what ? to save I ? clarence well , I do , do not I ? you do not go through with it , do you ? GEORGE go through with what ? clarence suicide . George and the tollkeeper react to this . tollkeeper it 's against the law to commit suicide around here . clarence yeah , it 's against the law where I come from , too . tollkeeper where do you come from ? he lean forward to spit , but be stop by clarence 's next statement . clarence Heaven . ( to George ) I have to act quickly ; that 's why I jump in . I know if I be drown you would try to save I . and you see , you do , and that 's how I save you . the tollkeeper become increasingly nervous . George casually look at the strange smile little man a second time . GEORGE ( offhand ) very funny . clarence you lip 's bleed , George . George 's hand go to he mouth . GEORGE yeah , I get a bust in the jaw in answer to a prayer a little bit ago . clarence ( come around to George ) oh , no '' no '' no . I be the answer to you prayer . that 's why I be send down here . GEORGE ( casually interested ) how do you know my name ? clarence oh , I know all about you . I have watch you grow up from a little boy . GEORGE what be you , a mind reader or something ? clarence oh , no . GEORGE well , who be you , then ? clarence clarence odbody , a-s -2. GEORGE odbody ... a- S - 2 . what 's that a-s - 2 ? clarence angel , second class . the tollkeeper 's chair slip out from under he with a crash . he have be lean against the wall on it , tip back on two leg . tollkeeper rise and make he way warily out the door . from he expression he look like he will call the nearest cop . clarence ( to tollkeeper ) cheerio , my good man . George rub he head with he hand , to clear he mind . GEORGE oh , brother . I wonder what martini put in that drink ? he look up at clarence stand beside he . GEORGE hey , what 's with you ? what do you say just a minute ago ? why would you want to save I ? clarence that 's what I be send down for . I be you guardian angel . GEORGE I would not be a bit surprised . clarence ridiculous of you to think of kill yourself for money . eight thousand dollar . GEORGE ( bewilder ) yeah ... just thing like that . now how would you know that ? clarence I tell you '' I be you guardian angel . I know everything about you . GEORGE well , you look about like the kind of a angel I would get . sort of a fall angel , be not you ? what happen to you wing ? clarence I have not win my wing yet . that 's why I be a angel second class . GEORGE I do not know whether I like it very much be see around with a angel without any wing . clarence oh , I have get to earn they , and you ' will help I , will not you ? GEORGE ( humoring he ) sure , sure . how ? clarence by let I help you . GEORGE only one way you can help I . you do not happen to have eight thousand buck on you ? clarence oh , no , no . we do not use money in Heaven . GEORGE oh , that 's right , I keep forget . come in pretty handy down here , bub . clarence oh , tut , tut , tut . GEORGE I find it out a little late . I be worth more dead than alive . clarence now look , you must not talk like that . I will not get my wing with that attitude . you just do not know all that you have do . if it have not be for you ... GEORGE ( interrupt ) yeah , if it have not be for I , everybody would be a lot better off . my wife , and my kid and my friend . ( annoyed with clarence ) look , little fellow , go off and haunt somebody else , will you ? clarence no , you do not understand . I have get my job ... GEORGE ( savagely ) aw , shut up , will you . clarence be not get far with George . he glance up , pace across the room , thoughtfully . clarence ( to himself ) hmmm , this be not go to be so easy . ( to George ) so you still think kill yourself would make everyone feel happier , eh ? GEORGE ( dejectedly ) oh , I do not know . I guess you be right . I suppose it would have be better if I would never be bear at all . clarence what would you say ? GEORGE I say I wish I would never be bear . clarence oh , you must not say thing like that . you ... ( get a idea ) ... wait a minute . wait a minute . that 's a idea . ( glance up toward Heaven ) what do you think ? yeah , that will do it . all right . ( to George ) you have get you wish . you have never be bear . as clarence speak this line , the snow stop fall outside the building , a strong wind spring up which blow open the door to the shack . clarence run to close the door . clarence ( look upward ) you do not have to make all that fuss about it . as clarence speak , George cock he head curiously , favor he deaf ear , more interested in he hearing than in what clarence have say . GEORGE what do you say ? clarence you have never be bear . you do not exist . you have not a care in the world . George feel he ear as clarence talk . clarence no worry '' no obligation '' no eight thousand dollar to get '' no Potter look for you with the sheriff . closeup '' GEORGE and clarence George indicate he bad ear . GEORGE say something else in that ear . clarence ( bend down ) sure . you can hear out of it . GEORGE well , that 's the doggonedest thing ... I have not hear anything out of that ear since I be a kid . must have be that jump in the cold water . clarence you lip 's stop bleed , too , George . George feel he lip , which show no sign of the recent cut he receive from Welch . he be now thoroughly confuse . GEORGE what do you know about that ... what 's happen ? medium close shot George look around , as though to get he bearing . GEORGE it 's stop snow out , have not it ? what 's happen here ? ( stand up ) come on , soon as this clothes of ours be dry ... clarence we clothes be dry . George feel the clothes on the line . GEORGE what do you know about that ? stove 's hotter than I think . now , come on , get you clothes on , and we will stroll up to my car and get ... they start dress . George interrupt himself . GEORGE oh , I be sorry . I will stroll . you fly . clarence I can not fly . I have not get any wing . GEORGE you have not get you wing . yeah , that 's right . wipe to : ext . STREET '' night medium shot this be the same empty street where George 's car swerve into the tree near the sidewalk . George and clarence come into shot and up to the spot where George have leave he car smashed against the tree . George look around , but he car be nowhere to be see , and the tree be undamage . clarence what 's the matter ? GEORGE ( puzzle ) well , this be where I leave my car and it be not here . clarence you have no car . GEORGE well , I have a car , and it be right here . I guess somebody move it . close shot '' at curb the owner of the house pass with some Christmas package under he arm . owner ( politely ) good evening . GEORGE oh , say ... hey ... where 's my car ? owner I beg you pardon ? GEORGE my car , my car . I be the fellow that own the car that run into you tree . owner what tree ? GEORGE what do you mean , what tree ? this tree . here , I run into it . cut a big gash in the side of it here . the owner bend down to examine the trunk of the tree , then straighten up and smell George 's breath . he back away . owner you must mean two other tree . you have I worried . one of the oldest tree in pottersville . GEORGE ( blankly ) pottersville ? why , you mean bedford Falls . owner I mean pottersville . ( sharply ) do not you think I know where I live ? what 's the matter with you ? the owner proceed toward he house . George be completely bewilder . GEORGE oh , I do not know . either I be off my nut , or he be ... ( to clarence ) ... or you be ! clarence it be not I ! GEORGE well , maybe I leave the car up at martini 's . well , come on , Gabriel . he put he arm around clarence , and they start off up the road . clarence ( as they go ) clarence ! GEORGE clarence ! clarence ! wipe to : int . nick be bar '' night close shot it be martini 's place , but almost unrecognizable . the cheerful italian feel be go . it be now more of a hard - drink joint , a honky - tonk . same bar , table have no cover . people be lower down and tougher . Nick the bartender be behind the bar . George and clarence come in . George do not notice the difference , but clarence be all eye and beam . they go up to the bar . GEORGE ( as they come in ) that 's all right . go on in . martini 's a good friend of mine . two people leave the bar as they approach . GEORGE there 's a place to sit down . sit down . medium closeup Nick be wiping off the bar as they sit down . GEORGE oh , hello , Nick . hey , where 's martini ? nick you want a martini ? GEORGE no , no , martini . you boss . where be he ? nick ( impatient ) look , I be the boss . you want a drink or do not you ? GEORGE okay '' all right . double bourbon , quick , huh ? nick okay . ( to clarence ) what 's yours ? clarence I be just think ... ( face pucker up with delicious anticipation ) it 's be so long since I ... nick ( impatient ) look , mister , I be stand here wait for you to make up you mind . clarence ( appreciatively ) that 's a good man . I be just think of a flame rum punch . no , it 's not cold enough for that . not nearly cold enough ... wait a minute ... wait a minute ... I get it . mull wine , heavy on the cinnamon and light on the clove . off with you , I lad , and be lively ! nick hey , look mister , we serve hard drink in here for man who want to get drunk fast . and we do not need any character around to give the joint atmosphere . be that clear ? or do I have to slip you my leave for a convincer ? as he say this , Nick lean over the counter and put he leave fist nearly in clarence 's eye . clarence be puzzle by this conduct . clarence ( to George ) what 's he talk about ? GEORGE ( soothingly ) Nick '' Nick , just give he the same as mine . he 's okay . nick okay . Nick turn away to get the drink . GEORGE what 's the matter with he . I never see Nick act like that before . clarence you will see a lot of strange thing from now on . GEORGE oh , yeah . hey , little fellow '' you worry I . you get someplace to sleep ? clarence no . GEORGE you do not huh ? well , you get any money ? Nick be listen suspiciously to this conversation . clarence no . GEORGE no wonder you jump in the river . clarence I jump in the river to save you so I could get my wing . Nick stop pour the drink , bottle poise in he hand . GEORGE oh , that 's right . a cash register bell ring off stage . clarence react to the SOUND of the bell . clarence oh - oh . somebody 's just make it . GEORGE make what ? clarence every time you hear a bell ring , it mean that some angel 's just get he wing . George glance up at Nick . GEORGE look , I think maybe you better not mention get you wing around here . clarence why ? do not they believe in angel ? GEORGE ( look at Nick ) a ... yeah , but ... you know ... clarence then why should they be surprised when they see one ? GEORGE ( to Nick ) he never grow up . he 's ... ( to clarence ) how old be you , anyway , clarence ? clarence two hundred and ninety - three ... ( think ) ...next may. Nick slam the bottle down on the counter . nick that do it ! out you two pixie go , through the door or out the window ! GEORGE look , Nick . what 's wrong ? nick ( angrily ) and that 's another thing . where do you come off call I Nick ? GEORGE well , Nick , that 's you name , be not it ? nick what 's that get to do with it ? I do not know you from Adam 's off ox . ( see someone come in ) hey , you ! Rummy ! come here ! come here ! close shot a small wreck of a man , with weak , watery eye . obviously a break - down panhandler , he hat in he hand . closeup '' GEORGE he can hardly believe he eye . it be gower the druggist . back to shot '' nick at the bar nick ( to gower ) do not I tell you never to come panhandle around here ? Nick pick up a seltzer bottle , and squirt gower in the face with it . the crowd laugh brutally . gower smile weakly as the soda run off he face . close shot George , horrify , leap up and go over to gower . GEORGE Mr. gower ! Mr. gower ! this be George Bailey ! do not you know I ? gower no. no. nick ( to he bouncer ) throw he out . throw he out . the bouncer throw gower out the front door . George rush back to the bar . GEORGE ( bewilder ) hey , what be ... hey , Nick , Nick ... be not that Mr. gower , the druggist ? nick you know , that 's another reason for I not to like you . that rumhead spend twenty year in jail for poisoning a kid . if you know he , you must be a jailbird yourself . ( to he bouncer ) would you show this gentleman to the door . bouncer sure . this way , gentleman . ext . nick be bar '' night close shot George and clarence come fly through the door and land in the snow . int . nick be bar '' night close shot Nick at the cash register , busily ringing the bell . nick hey ! get I ! I be give out wing ! ext . nick be bar '' night close shot George and clarence lie in the snow . George have a strange , puzzle look on he face . they remain for a moment as they land , look at each other . clarence you see , George , you be not there to stop gower from put that poison into the ... GEORGE what do you mean , I be not there ? I remember distinctly ... George catch a glimpse of the front of the building with the neon sign over the door . it now read " nick's place " instead of " martini be . " George and clarence get to they foot . GEORGE ( exasperate ) what the ... hey , what 's go on around here ? why , this ought to be martini 's place . he point to the sign , and look at clarence . clarence sort of hang he head . George fix he with a very interested look . GEORGE look , who be you ? clarence ( patiently ) I tell you , George . I be you guardian angel . George , still look at he , go up to he and poke he arm . it 's flesh . GEORGE yeah , yeah , I know . you tell I that . what else be you ? what ... be you a hypnotist ? clarence no , of course not . GEORGE well then , why be I see all this strange thing ? clarence do not you understand , George ? it 's because you be not bear . GEORGE then if I be not bear , who be I ? clarence you be nobody . you have no identity . George rapidly search he pocket for identification , but without success . GEORGE what do you mean , no identity ? my name 's George Bailey . clarence there be no George Bailey . you have no papers , no card , no driver 's license , no 4 - F card , no insurance policy ... ( he say this thing as George search for they ) George look in he watch pocket . clarence they be not there , either . GEORGE what ? clarence Zuzu 's petal . George feverishly continue to turn he pocket inside out . clarence you have be give a great gift , George . a chance to see what the world would be like without you . George be completely befuddle . GEORGE ( shaking he head ) now wait a minute , here . wait a minute here . as , this be some sort of a funny dream I be have here . so long , mister , I be go home . he start off . clarence rise . clarence Home ? what home ? GEORGE ( furious ) now shut up ! cut it out ! you be ... you be ... you be crazy ! that 's what I think ... you be screwy , and you be drive I crazy , too ! I be see thing . I be go home and see my wife and family . do you understand that ? and I be go home alone ! George stride off hurriedly . clarence slowly follow he , glance up toward Heaven as he go . clarence how be I do , Joseph . thanks . ( pause ) no , I do not have a drink ! wipe to : ext . STREET '' night medium shot '' GEORGE move into the scene the sign bear the name of the town read : " pottersville . " George look at it in surprise , then start up the street toward the main part of town . as he go , camera move with he . the character of the place have completely change . where before it be a quiet , orderly small town , it have now become in nature like a frontier village . we see a series of shot of night club , cafe , bar , liquor store , pool hall and the like , with blaring jazz music issue from the majority of they . the motion picture theatre have become a burlesque house . gower 's drugstore be now a pawnbroker 's establishment , and so on . close shot George stop before what use to be the office of the Building and loan . there be a garish electric sign over the entrance read : " welcome jitterbugs . " a crowd of people be watch the police , who be raid the place , and drag out a number of scream woman , whom they throw into a patrol wagon . George talk to one of the cop : GEORGE hey ... hey . where do the Building and loan move to ? cop the Building and what ? GEORGE the Bailey Building and loan . it be up there . cop they go out of business year ago . medium closeup George see the struggle figure of violet bick , array as a tart , be drag into the patrol wagon . GEORGE hey , violet ! ( to the cop ) hey , listen '' that 's violet bick ! cop I know . I know . GEORGE I know that girl ! the cop shove George to one side . he look around and see Ernie 's taxi cruise slowly by . GEORGE hey , Ernie '' Ernie ! ext . STREET '' night close shot Ernie stop the cab , and George enter it . GEORGE Ernie , take I home . I be off my nut ! ernie ( a much harder Ernie ) where do you live ? GEORGE aw , now , doggone it , Ernie , do not you start pull that stuff . you know where I live . Three - twenty sycamore . now hurry up . ernie okay . Three -twenty sycamore ?... GEORGE yeah '' yeah '' hurry up . Zuzu 's sick . ernie all right . he pull down the flag on the meter and start the cab . int . cab '' night medium closeup '' GEORGE and ernie Ernie be puzzle by the stranger . GEORGE look here , Ernie , straighten I out here . I have get some bad liquor or something . listen to I now . now , you be Ernie Bishop , and you live in Bailey Park with you wife and kid ? that 's right , be not it ? ernie ( suspiciously ) you see my wife ? GEORGE ( exasperate ) see you wife ? I have be to you house a hundred time . ernie look , bud , what 's the idea ? I live in a shack in Potter 's field and my wife run away three year ago and take the kid ... and I be not never see you before in my life . GEORGE okay . just step on it . just get I home . Ernie turn to drive , but he 's worried about he passenger . as he pass the burlesque house he see bert the cop stand beside he police car . attract he attention , he motion to bert to follow he , indicate he have a nut in the back . bert get into he car and follow . wipe to : ext . george' house '' night medium long shot the taxi pull up to the curb and stop . medium close shot the cab be park . George get out and look at the house . ernie be this the place ? GEORGE of course it 's the place . ernie well , this house be not be live in for twenty year . ext . house '' night medium shot George be stop momentarily by the appearance of the house . window be break , the porch sag , one section of the roof have fall , door and shutter hang askew on they hinge . like a doom man , George approach the house . ext . cab '' night medium close shot the police car have pull up beside the cab , and bert and Ernie stand watch George 's action . bert what 's up , Ernie ? ernie I do not know , but we better keep a eye on this guy . he 's bat . Ernie switch on the spotlight on he cab , and turn the beam toward the old house . int . hallway george' house '' night close shot the interior of the house be light up here and there , ghostlike , by Ernie 's spotlight . no furniture , cobweb , wallpaper hang and swinging '' stair be break and collapse . in a voice that sound like a cry for help , George yell out : GEORGE Mary ! Mary ! Tommy ! Pete ! janie ! Zuzu ! where be you ? clarence suddenly appear lean against a wall . clarence they be not here , George . you have no child . GEORGE ( ignore he ) where be you ? ( then , to clarence ) what have you do with they ? int . doorway '' night close shot bert be stand in the entrance , with he gun in he hand . Ernie be a few foot behind he , ready to run . bert all right , put up you hand . no fast move . come on out here , both of you . GEORGE bert ! thank heaven you be here ! he rush toward bert . bert stand back . GEORGE bert , what 's happen to this house ? where 's Mary ? where 's my kid ? ernie ( warningly ) watch he , bert . bert come on , come on . GEORGE ( bewilder ) bert '' Ernie ! what 's the matter with you two guy ? you be here on my wedding night . you , both of you , stand out here on the porch and sung to we , do not you remember ? ernie ( nervously ) think I would better be go . bert look , now why do not you be a good kid and we will take you in to a doctor . everything 's go to be all right . bert try to lead George away by the arm , but George struggle with he , try to explain . GEORGE bert , now listen to I . Ernie , will you take I over to my mother 's house ? bert , listen ! ( gesture to clarence ) it 's that fellow there '' he say he 's a angel '' he 's try to hypnotize I . bert I hate to do this , fella . bert raise he gun to hit George on the head . as he do so , clarence dart in and fix he tooth in bert 's wrist , force he to let George go . clarence run ... George ! run , George ! George dash out of the house and down the street , as bert grapples with clarence , and they fall to the ground , wrestle . we see bert kneel , try to put handcuffs on clarence . clarence help ! Joseph , help ! bert oh , shut up ! clarence help , oh Joseph , help ! Joseph ! suddenly clarence disappear from under bert 's hand . bert get up , amaze by he vanish . bert where would he go ? where would he go ? I have he right here . Ernie 's hair be now stand on end with fright . ernie ( stammer ) I need a drink . he run out of the scene . bert well , which way would they go ? help I find them . ext . bailey home '' night medium shot George run up the path to the front door of the house and rap on the door . he ring the bell and tap on the glass , when he attention be catch by a sign on the wall read : " ma Bailey 's board House . " medium closeup '' GEORGE at the door the door open and a woman appear . it be Mrs. Bailey , but she have change amazingly . her face be harsh and tired . in she eye , once kindly and understanding , there be now cold suspicion . she give no sign that she know he . ma bailey well ? GEORGE mother ... ma bailey mother ? what do you want ? it be a cruel blow to George . GEORGE mother , this be George . I think sure you would remember I . ma bailey ( coldly ) George who ? if you be look for a room there 's no vacancy . she start to close the door , but George stop she . GEORGE oh , mother , mother , please help I . something terrible 's happen to I . I do not know what it be . something 's happen to everybody . please let I come in . keep I here until I get over it . ma bailey get over what ? I do not take in stranger unless they be send here by somebody I know . GEORGE ( desperate ) well , I know everybody you know . you brother - in-law , uncle billy . ma bailey ( suspiciously ) you know he ? GEORGE well , sure I do . ma bailey when would you see he last ? GEORGE today , over at the house . ma bailey that 's a lie . he 's be in the insane asylum ever since he lose he business . and if you ask I , that 's where you belong . she slam the door shut in George 's face . ext . house '' night medium close shot George stand a moment , stunne . then he turn and run out to the sidewalk , until he face fill the screen . his feature be distort by the emotional chaos within he . we see clarence lean on the mail box at the curb , hold he volume of " Tom sawyer " in he hand . clarence strange , be not it ? each man 's life touch so many other life , and when he be not around he leave a awful hole , do not he ? GEORGE ( quietly , try to use logic ) I have hear of thing like this . you have get I in some kind of a spell , or something . well , I be go to get out of it . I will get out of it . I know how , too . I ... the last man I talk to before all this stuff start happen to I be martini . clarence you know where he life ? GEORGE sure I know where he life . he life in Bailey Park . they walk out of scene . wipe to : ext . cemetery '' night medium shot George and clarence approach the tree from which the " Bailey Park " sign once hang . now it be just outside a cemetery , with grave where the house use to be . clarence be you sure this be Bailey Park ? GEORGE oh , I be not sure of anything anymore . all I know be this should be Bailey Park . but where be the house ? the two walk into the cemetery . clarence ( as they go ) you be not here to build they . close moving shot George wander like a lose soul among the tombstone , clarence trot at he heel . again George stop to stare with frighten eye at : close shot '' a tombstone upon it be engrave a name , Harry Bailey . feverishly George scrape away the snow cover the rest of the inscription , and we read : " in memory of our beloved son '' harry bailey '' 1911 - 1919 " close shot '' GEORGE and clarence clarence you brother , Harry Bailey , break through the ice and be drown at the age of nine . George jump up . GEORGE that 's a lie ! Harry Bailey go to war ! he get the congressional Medal of honor ! he save the life of every man on that transport . clarence ( sadly ) every man on that transport die . Harry be not there to save they because you be not there to save Harry . you see , George , you really have a wonderful life . do not you see what a mistake it would be to throw it away ? closeup '' GEORGE and clarence GEORGE clarence ... clarence yes , George ? GEORGE where 's Mary ? clarence oh , well , I can not ... GEORGE I do not know how you know this thing , but tell I '' where be she ? George grab clarence by the coat collar and shake he . clarence I ... GEORGE if you know where she be , tell I where my wife be . clarence I be not suppose to tell . GEORGE ( become violent ) please , clarence , tell I where she be . clarence you be not go to like it , George . GEORGE ( shouting ) where be she ? clarence she 's a old may . she never marry . GEORGE ( choke he ) where 's Mary ? where be she ? clarence she 's ... GEORGE where be she ? clarence ( in self - defense ) she 's just about to close up the library ! George let clarence go , and run off . clarence fall to the ground , where he rub he neck . clarence ( to himself ) there must be some easier way for I to get my wing . wipe to : ext . library '' night close shot Mary come out the door , then turn and lock it . we see George watch she from the sidewalk . Mary be very different '' no buoyancy in she walk , none of Mary 's abandon and love of life . glass , no make - up , lip compress , elbow close to body . she look flat and dry up , and extremely self - satisfied and efficient . closeup George , as he watch she . close shot George and Mary , on the sidewalk . GEORGE Mary ! she look up , surprised , but , not recognize he , continue on . GEORGE Mary ! Mary start to run away from he , and he follow , desperately . GEORGE Mary ! Mary ! he catch up to she , grab she by the arm , and keep a tight grip on she . she struggle to free herself . GEORGE Mary , it 's George ! do not you know I ? what 's happen to we ? mary ( struggle ) I do not know you ! let I go ! GEORGE Mary , please ! oh , do not do this to I . please , Mary , help I . where 's we kid ? I need you , Mary ! help I , Mary ! Mary break away from he , and dash into the first door she come to , the Blue Moon bar . int . blue moon '' night close shot small table , booth , perhaps a counter . it be crowded . many of the people be the same who be present during the run on the Building and loan . Mary come run in , scream . the place go into a uproar . George come in , practically insane . some of the man grab and hold on to he . GEORGE ( shouting ) Mary ... ( to man hold he ) let I go ! Mary , do not run away ! man somebody call the police ! another man hit he with a bottle ! another man he need a strait jacket ! mary ( from back of room ) that man '' stop he ! GEORGE ( recognize some of they ) Tom ! ed! Charlie ! that 's my wife ! Mary let out a final scream , then faint into the arm of a couple of woman at the bar . GEORGE Mary ! man oh , no you do not ! GEORGE ( scream ) Mary ! George can not fight through the man hold he . desperately he think of clarence , and head for the door . GEORGE clarence ! clarence ! where be you ? ext . sidewalk '' night close shot just as George break through the door , bert arrive in he police car . he get out and head for the door , to run into George as he come out . bert oh , it 's you ! he grab for George , who let he have one square on the button , knock he down , then continue run down the street yell for clarence . bert get up , take out he gun and fire several shot after the flee figure . bert ( to crowd ) stand back ! bert get into the police car , and , siren scream , set off in pursuit of George . wipe to : ext . bridge over river '' night medium shot the same part of the bridge where George be stand before clarence jump in . the wind be blow as it have all through this sequence . George come run into shot . he be frantically look for clarence . GEORGE clarence ! clarence ! help I , clarence . get I back . get I back . I do not care what happen to I . only get I back to my wife and kid . help I , clarence , please ! please ! I want to live again ! closeup George lean on the bridge railing , praying . GEORGE I want to live again . I want to live again . please , God , let I live again . George sob . suddenly , toward the end of the above , the wind die down . a soft , gentle snow begin to fall . close shot '' GEORGE sobbing at the railing the police car pull up on the roadway behind he , and bert come into scene . bert hey , George ! George ! you all right ? George back away and get set to hit bert again . bert hey , what 's the matter ? GEORGE ( warningly ) now get out of here , bert , or I will hit you again ! get out ! bert what the Sam Hill you yell for , George ? GEORGE do not ... George ? George talk hopefully '' George touch bert unbelievingly '' George 's mouth be bleed again . GEORGE bert , do you know I ? bert know you ? be you kiddin ' ? I have be look all over town try to find you . I see you car pile into that tree down there , and I think maybe ... hey , you mouth 's bleed ; be you sure you be all right ? GEORGE what do ... George touch he lip with he tongue , wipe he mouth with he hand , laugh happily . his rapture know no bound . GEORGE ( joyously ) my mouth 's bleed , bert ! my mouth 's bleed ... ( feel in watch pocket ) Zuzu 's petal ! Zuzu 's ... they be ... they be here , bert ! what do you know about that ? merry Christmas ! he practically embrace the astonished bert , then run at top speed toward town . long shot George run away from camera yell GEORGE Mary ! Mary ! wipe to : ext . residential STREET '' night close shot George 's wreck car be smashed against the tree . he come run into shot , see the car , let out a triumphant yell , pat the car , and dash on . ext . MAIN STREET bedford fall '' night close shot George see that the " pottersville " sign be now replace by the original " you be now in bedford fall " sign . GEORGE hello , bedford Falls ! he turn and run through the fall snow up the main street of the town . as he run , he notice that the town be back in its original appearance . he pass some late shopper on the street GEORGE merry Christmas ! people ( ad lib ) merry Christmas ! merry Christmas , George ! ext . theatre '' night pan shot '' as GEORGE run by : GEORGE merry Christmas , movie house ! ext . bedford fall emporium '' night pan shot '' as GEORGE run by : GEORGE merry Christmas , emporium ! ext . build and loan ofice '' night pan shot '' as GEORGE run by : GEORGE merry Christmas , you wonderful old Building and loan ! ext . bank '' night close shot George notice a light in Potter 's office window , and race across the street . int . potter' office '' night close shot Potter be seat work at he desk , he goon by he side . George pound on the window . GEORGE ( from outside ) merry Christmas , Mr. Potter ! George run off as Potter look up from he work . potter happy New Year to you '' in jail ! go on home '' they be wait for you ! int . george' home '' night the light be on . there be a fire in the fireplace . the Christmas tree be fully decorate with present stack around . int . entrance hall '' night close shot Carter , the bank examiner , a newspaper reporter and photographer , and a sheriff , be wait in the hall for George . George come dash in the front door . GEORGE ( excitedly ) Mary ... ( see the man ) well , hello , Mr. Bank examiner ! he grab he hand and shake it . carter ( surprised ) Mr. Bailey , there 's a deficit ! GEORGE I know . eight thousand dollar . sheriff ( reach into pocket ) George , I have get a little paper here . GEORGE ( happily ) I will bet it 's a warrant for my arrest . be not it wonderful ? merry Christmas ! the photographer set off a flash bulb . GEORGE Reporters ? where 's Mary ? ( call ) Mary ! George run to the kitchen . he get no answer . as he go : GEORGE oh , look at this wonderful old drafty house ! Mary ! Mary ! he come run back to the hall . GEORGE have you see my wife ? children' voice merry Christmas , daddy ! merry Christmas , daddy ! int . stair '' night medium shot the three child be at the top of the stair . they be in they pajamas . GEORGE kid ! George start to run up the stair , and the old familiar knob on the banister come off in he hand . he kiss it lovingly and put it back , then continue up the stair . GEORGE Pete '' kid '' janie '' Tommy . ( take they in he arm ) I could eat you up ! int . top of stair '' night close shot George and the kid . he be hugging they . GEORGE where 's you mother ? janie she go look for you with uncle billy . Zuzu come run out of she bedroom . George crush she to he . zuzu daddy ! GEORGE Zuzu '' Zuzu . my little gingersnap ! how do you feel ? zuzu Fine . janie and not a smitch of temperature . GEORGE ( laugh ) not a smitch of temp ... int . hall '' night close shot as Mary come through the door , breathless and excited . the four man be watch with open mouth . george' voice hallelujah ! mary ( to the man ) hello . ( see George ) George ! darling ! int . stair '' night close shot Mary race up the stair , where George meet she in a fierce embrace . GEORGE Mary ! Mary ! mary George , darling ! where have you be ? George and Mary embrace tearfully . mary oh , George , George , George . GEORGE Mary ! let I touch you ! oh , you be real ! mary oh , George , George ! GEORGE you have no idea what 's happen to I . mary you have no idea what happen ... he stop she with a kiss . she lead he excitedly down the stair . mary well , come on , George , come on downstairs quick . they be on they way . GEORGE all right . int . live room '' night close shot Mary lead George , who be carry a couple of the kid on he back , to a position in front of the Christmas tree . mary come on in here now . now , you stand right over here , by the tree . right there , and do not move , do not move . I hear them now , George , it 's a miracle ! it 's a miracle ! she run toward front door and fling it open . ad lib sound of a excited crowd can be hear . uncle billy , face flushed , cover with snow , and carry a clothes basket fill with money , burst in . he be follow by Ernie , and about twenty more townspeople . mary come in , uncle billy ! everybody ! in here ! uncle billy Mary and the crowd come into the live room . a table stand in front of George . George pick up Zuzu to protect she from the mob . uncle billy dump the basketful of money out onto the table '' the money overflow and fall all over . uncle billy be not it wonderful ? the rest of the crowd all greet George with greeting and smile . each one come forward with money . in they pocket , in shoe box , in coffee pot . money pour onto the table '' penny , dime , quarter , dollar bill '' small money , but lot of it . Mrs. Bailey and Mrs. hatch push toward George . more people come in . the place become a bedlam . shout of " gangway '' gangway " as a new bunch come in and pour out its money . Mary stand next to George , watch he . George stand there overcome and speechless as he hold Zuzu . as he see the familiar face , he give they sick grin . tear course down he face . his lip frame they name as he greet they . uncle billy ( emotionally at the break point ) Mary do it , George ! Mary do it ! she tell a few people you be in trouble and they scattered all over town collect money . they do not ask any question '' just say : " if George be in trouble '' count on I . " you never see anything like it . Tom come in , digging in he purse as he come . tom what be this , George ? another run on the bank ? Charlie add he money to the pile . charlie here you be , George . merry Christmas . Ernie be try to get some system into the chaos . ernie the line form on the right . Mr. martini come in bear a mixing bowl overflow with cash . ernie Mr. martini ! merry Christmas ! step right up here . martini dump he money on the table . martini I bust the juke - box , too ! Mr. gower enter with a large glass jar jamme full of note . ernie Mr. gower ! gower ( to George ) I make the round of my charge account . violet bick arrive , and take out the money George have give she for she trip to New York . GEORGE violet bick ! violet I be not go to go , George . I change my mind . Annie , the color may , enter , digging money out of a long black stock . annie I have be save this money for a divorce , if ever I get a husband . Mr. partridge , the high school principal , be the next donor . partridge there you be , George . I get the faculty all up out of bed . ( hand he watch to Zuzu ) and here 's something for you to play with . man ( give money ) I would not have a roof over my head if it be not for you , George . Ernie be read a telegram he have just receive . ernie just a minute . quiet , everybody . quiet '' quiet . now , this be from London . ( read ) Mr. gower cable you need cash . stop. my office instruct to advance you up to twenty - five thousand dollar . stop. heehaw and merry Christmas . Sam wainwright . the crowd break into a cheer as Ernie drop the telegram on top of the pile of money on the table . mary ( call out ) Mr. martini . how about some wine ? as various member of the family bring out a punch bowl and glass , janie sit down at the piano and strike a chord . she start play " hark ! the Herald angel sing , " and the entire crowd join in the sing . we see a series of shot of the various group sing the hymn , and some people be still come in and drop they money on the table . Carter , the bank examiner , make a donation ; the sheriff sheepishly look at George and tear he warrant in small piece . in the midst of this scene , Harry , in Naval uniform , enter , accompany by bert , the cop . harry hello , George , how be you ? GEORGE Harry ... Harry ... harry ( as he see the money ) Mary '' look like I get here too late . bert Mary , I get he here from the airport as quickly as I could . the fool fly all the way up here in a blizzard . Mrs. Bailey enter scene . mrs . bailey Harry , how about you banquet in New York ? harry oh , I leave right in the middle of it as soon as I get Mary 's telegram . Ernie hand Harry a glass of wine . harry good idea , Ernie . a toast ... to my big brother , George . the richest man in town ! once more the crowd break into cheer and applause . janie at the piano and bert on he accordion start play " auld lang syne , " and everyone join in . close shot George , still hold Zuzu in he arm , glance down at the pile of money on the table . his eye catch something on top of the pile , and he reach down for it . it be clarence 's copy of " Tom sawyer . " George open it and find a inscription write in it : " dear George , remember no man be a failure who have friend . thanks for the wing , Love clarence . " mary ( look at book ) what 's that ? GEORGE that 's a Christmas present from a very dear friend of mine . at this moment , perhaps because of the jostling of some of the people on the other side of the tree , a little silver bell on the Christmas tree swing to and for with a silvery tinkle . Zuzu close the cover of the book , and point to the bell . zuzu look , daddy . teacher say , every time a bell ring a angel get he wing . GEORGE ( smile ) that 's right , that 's right . he look up toward the ceiling and wink . GEORGE attaboy , clarence . the voice of the people sing swell into a final crescendo for the fade out the end