it's complicate written by Nancy meyer fade in : 1 ext . beach house - montecito , california - day 1 a late afternoon sky , a red tile roof and the Santa Barbara coast line frame this party of old friend . a trio play brazilian music as guest carry drink and nibble on dessert . 2 close - on a foursome of friend 2 the couple who live in this house , sally and ted , drink champagne as they chat with they close friend , jane and jake . jane be mid-fifty and have embrace that fact . she know 50 be not the new 40 and because of that , she be still describe by all who know she as beautiful . everything about this woman 's appearance scream " solid . " the year have be good to jake . he 's never lose he look , he killer smile , or he ability to charm . he lift he glass of champagne . jake happy happy happy ... jane ( remind he ) -- anniversary . Jake pause , wryly turn to Jane , make she smile . jake some thing never change . sally thank God . jane I think maybe you be drift . ted he be pause . jake exactly .... ( sigh , raise he glass ) happy ... anniversary . you two have lead a extraordinarily bless life . ( more ) 2 . jake ( cont would ) as long as I have know you both , you have always manage to somehow do everything entirely right . jane -- that 's so true . jake but , honestly , how can it be thirty year !?! when do we do that trip to Spain ? ( look to Jane ) it be for both of we what ..? jane -- fifteenth anniversary . jake God , that be a great trip ... the two woman exchange a quick look when a tall , adorable 21 year old boy join the group , hold a bottle of beer . this be oliver , Sally and Ted 's son . all four light up as Oliver put he arm around he Mom . jane Ollie , how be graduation ? oliver it be fantastic . I can not believe I be not in school anymore . when 's luke 's graduation ? jake next week . jane ( correct he ) it 's in three day ! jake sorry ! I mean this week . ted be the girl go ? jane they can not wait . Jane glance across the party and see agness , a free spirited pretty woman in she thirty , wear a sarong over a bathing suit and walk directly toward they . she carry a slice of cake . Jane become instantly distract and uncomfortable . 3. oliver how long be luke home before he have to go back for work ? jane -- only a week ... sally aw , that 's it ? jane I know , I hate it . well ... ( agness join the group , stand next to Jake ) congrat again ... ( put down she champagne ) great party ... oliver you be leave ? jane yeah , I have some ( agness hand Jake a piece of cake . Jane work hard at not appear flustered ) -- stuff I have to get do tonight for work ... ( to Jake &amp ; agness ) I will see you two in New York . agness absolutely . lookin ' forward to it . jane good. well .... agness -- Jane , what be you wear to the graduation ? jane oh , a suit or dress , probably a suit . agness Fancy . okay . Jane smile tightly , raise she eyebrow to Sally . 4. jake see you there , janey . where be you stay again ? jane we be at the Park Regent . you say you be at the four season , right ? jake I do not know . ( to agness ) where be we ? agness we be at the Park Regent too . jane ( hate this ) oh. good . that will be convenient , actually . okay , so , see you soon .. ( wave awkwardly ) sally -- I will walk you out . as they walk away , they hear : agness so , Ted , do you think you can help we get pedro into El montecito for kindergarten ? angle - jane and sally - walking into house sally ( laugh ) I think it be sweet how well you and Jake be get along . felt like old time . jane yeah , well , we know how to do this by now . it have be ten year . sally that 's crazy . Jane hug Sally good bye , she eye landing on agness affectionately rub Jake 's back . 5 . angle - the front door as it close after Jane . on jake - as he turn back and see Jane be go . CUT to : 3 twenty -three year old gabby 3 in jeans and a tank top carrying a carton of book , a yoga mat and a SMALL lamp . gabby be Jane and Jake 's middle child . but unlike most middle child , this one have never suffer from be ignore . not a possibility with Jane as you mother . we be : ext . jane's house - late day the house be modest and charming and sit on a few acre in the lush green hill of Santa Barbara . neat row of vegetable dot the landscape . gabby arrive at she already pack prius , where she older sister , lauren , 26 , be try to fit everything into the trunk . lauren be more conservatively dress than gabby and have a air of maturity about she . lauren gabby , stop ... you be never go to fit all this in ... you can come back for the rest tomorrow . gabby I can not come back t--- gabby look up to see harley , lauren' fiance , in a T-shirt and over - the-knee gym short , lug a huge suitcase down the front path , a duffel strapped across he chest . gabby oh , God ... that 's all my clothes . harley ( set the suitcase down as he see a suv head to the house ) ( more ) 6 . harley ( cont would ) okay , you Mom be home . she will figure this out . the suv pull to a stop , Jane get out . gabby start pull carton out of she trunk to make room for she clothes . jane gabby , you be leave now ? I think you be go in the morning ? gabby I know but my friend be all there and they want I to come tonight . jane but honey , it 's gonna get dark soon . you can not see out the back window . it 's Saturday night . people will be on the road drink ... lauren Mom , she will be there in a couple of hour , she will be fine . gabby okay , I be leave this stuff here . I will be back for it in a few day . jane want I to drive it down in the morning ? ( gabby 's blackberry buzy , she laugh , thumb fly ) I could be there by lunch . we could go to that big bed , bath , and Beyond , buy kitchen stuff ... gabby , can you look up from that thing ?? gabby ( look up ) I get it cover , ma. ( to harley ) hey gangsta , help I carry this ... harley ( exhaust ) yep .... gabby and harley carry the box back into the house . Jane seem worried as she watch they . 7. lauren Mom , be you afraid to sleep in the house alone ? jane what be you ....? no ! ( lauren look doubtful ) -- I be not ! one of you be always move out ... ( gabby re-join ) but I be wonder who I be gonna watch the Hills with ? gabby ( huge hug ) mamacita ... I be gonna miss you . Jane hug she back , but be aware of not hugging too hard . harley join the group . gabby omigod . l.a .! okay . I be do this . ( walk to she car ) Mom , you do not happen to know where dad be , do you ? I try call he to say goodbye ... jane he be at Sally and Ted 's . harley he be ? how be that ? you and they at the same -- ( Jane turn to he ) -- not that it 's in any way , any of my ... be just ... jane -- it be .... ( notice both girl wait for she answer ) -- whatever . it be fine . gabby be she lunatic child there ? jane ( laugh ) not this time . gabby , call I when you get there . do not forget . ( more ) 8. jane ( cont would ) ( gabby text , deep in convo ) gabby ! gabby I will . I will call you ! lauren knock `em dead , little one . harley and call we when you get there , too . and no texting and drive . Jane love that harley say that . gabby get in she car and start off . harley ( put he arm around Jane 's shoulder ) they grow up so friggin ' fast . I hate it . gabby pull out of the driveway and out of sight . lauren maybe you should get a dog . jane oh my God . Goodbye you two . Love you . harley ( head for they car and get into the passenger seat ) Love you boss ! as lauren and harley drive off , Jane turn and look at she suddenly very empty nest . 4 int . jane's house - continuous 4 a woman 's house . book and art collect over year . interesting , unexpected piece of furniture . Jane kick off she heel , now feel short and alone . deep breath ! 5 int . kitchen 5 cramped , but clearly a cook 's kitchen . the kid have leave a few glass and plate on the island . 9 . Jane gather they and as she rinse they at the sink , she suddenly and surprisingly feel very alone . she pause , allow herself the moment , then force herself to snap out of it . 7 int . the bakery - montecito - day 7 this be Jane 's other home . a large , bright , bustling bakery / restaurant . the bakery counter could rival any in Paris . last year , the New York Times rate Jane 's pain au chocolat the best in the United States . a line wait to get in . a very relaxed Jane be behind the busy counter , easily move between she young staff . the atmosphere be efficient and friendly . Jane adjust a few sign on the counter , then reach inside the display case , pull out a tray of muffins top with powder sugar . she carry the tray to the open pass - through to the busy kitchen and call to the head Baker . jane reynaldo ... ( nod to the muffins ) reynaldo too much sugar . jane Little bit . reynaldo nod as Jane hand he the tray . Jane notice a line wait to get up to the bakery counter . know what to do , Jane 's staff have already set out cup of coffee with lid . jane who want coffee while they be wait ? Jane and the staff hand out the free coffee . jane walk the counter - moment later refill a glass of water , check on she customer . jane ( quietly to a Young employee ) check on table five , will you ? 10 . the Young employee nod as Jane look up and see a man on the other side of the counter . they exchange polite hellos when Jane notice peter , tan and confident , approach she . jane ( all smile ) Peter ! peter join adam , the man who stand across from Jane . Adam be handsome in a way that sneak up on you . there 's something reserve and refresh about he demeanor . he hold roll blueprint . peter Jane , I can not remember , have you ever meet Adam schaeffer ? jane adam no. yes . adam well .... ( shrug awkwardly ) peter look what we have get . adam ( raise the blueprint ) you plan . jane ( to Peter ) so excited ! 8 int . jane's SMALL office - upstair at the bakery 8 a farmhouse table almost fill the room . on the wall , poster for Jane 's two cookbook , frame food photo and a few review . Jane , Peter , and Adam sit around the table as Adam roll out the blueprint in front of Jane . jane ( before she look ) I have be think about this addition for ten year . Peter and Adam watch as Jane 's eagle eye examine the plan . 11 . jane uh-huh , uh-huh . oh , niiice .... I like this wall of window , Peter . peter that be Adam actually . jane oh. ( still peruse , then to Peter ) Love where you put the stair . that 's so good ! peter Adam 's idea ... do she hear that ? jane oh my God , the kitchen ! finally - I have a real kitchen with four wall ... it 's ...oh , wow ... you actually understand what I want ! Jane look to Peter with enormous appreciation . Peter look to Adam . peter all Adam . Jane turn to Adam . adam I be happy you like it . jane ( finally notice he ) okay . hi. ( shake he hand ) adam ( laugh ) hello . jane you read all my e-mail . adam all 47 of they . 12 . Jane smile as she Office manager stick she head in the door . office manager Jane , it 's 10:15 . jane it be ? ( rise ) oh , sorry , I have a 10:30 ... dentist . can you leave this and I will make a few note ? well , actually , I have one tiny note now . ( to Adam , be : plan ) in my bathroom ...um ... no he and she sink . adam okay , sure . no he ? jane just hers . adam and you do not think in the future you might want a he ? jane oh , God , we be talk code about my life , right ? adam ( laugh ) no , no , do not mean to be . jane the truth be , in my current bathroom , I have two sink and sometimes the other sink make I feel bad . adam one sink . not a problem . can we schedule a meeting for next week ? do Tuesday work for you ? jane Tuesday 's great . eight -thirty too early ? at the house ? adam I will be there . 13 . 9 int . doctor' office - following 9 Way too chic for a dentist 's office . Jane sit nervously in a chair in a well style , well upholster examination room . the door open quickly and a handsome , crisp look doctor enter . jane hi. doctor hi. I be Dr. moss . jane ( shaking he hand ) hi. Jane adler . so , I just want to start with ... and please do not take this the wrong way but I be the type of person who kind of make fun of people who get plastic surgery . dr . moss I understand . jane you do ? good , because , you know , some woman can look a little fake and plasticky . and in my opinion -- worse . dr . moss I agree . jane oh , that 's good , so , well , as against the whole thing as I be , I do have a problem that 's be bugging I . my leave eyelid be really saggy . I find I be sometimes hold it up when I be watch tv or read and I be wonder if that 's something you could fix . dr . moss ( look at she closely ) it 's rest on you eye lash . jane be it ? 14 . dr . moss ( measure she lid with a very tiny ruler ) actually you have the same amount of excess skin on both side . jane I do ? well , I be only interested in fix one eye . dr . moss Jane , what you need to fix this be a brow lift . jane a brow lift ? wh- what be that exactly ? dr . moss we surgically cut at you hair line . incision go right across here . ( demonstrate on himself by indicate a line draw like a headband ) then we just lift the skin up a little tighter across the skull . ( Jane nod , already hat this ) we staple it back in place right above you ear . recovery be not all that bad but you could be fairly numb and you will probably have a headache that last anywhere from say 3 to 6 month . 10 int . elevator door open 10 Jane fly into the elevator , out of breath and a little nauseous . she tap on the lobby button . the elevator move down . ping . the door OPEN and Jane look into a empty hallway , face a sign that read , Santa Barbara fertility Center . helping couple become Parents . Jane hear someone be about to get on the elevator , step back toward the corner . a messy look 5 year old boy dash in . Jane recognize he . she look up and Jake and he wife , agness , in oversize dark shade and a long black dress ( very angelina jolie ) get on the elevator , obviously mid-argument . 15 . agness ' mood seem very dark today . they instantly shut up when they realize Jane be in the elevator . agness Jane ! jane -- hey .. jake hiii . jane hello . agness ( push the lobby button , mumble ) -- perfect . pedro Jake , Jake , Jake , Jake . Jake . jake hold on pedro , I be talk to someone . pedro sit on the floor , crash into the back wall of the elevator . agness pedro , up ! now !! ( she snap ) Jane unconsciously hold up she leave eyebrow . jake what be you do in this building ? jane dentist . jake you do not go to Sharon anymore ? jane uh , no ... change . Jane look at the fertility literature in Jake 's hand just as Jake slip it behind he back . a awful two second of silence , then Jane notice a tattoo of a tiger on agness ' back . it creep she out . 16 . Jake catch Jane 's reaction , then thank God the door open . Jake lean down and pick up pedro who instantly climb up he back . jake honey , do not do that .. 11 as they all exit the elevator , pedro have now make he way up 11 to Jake 's shoulder . think chimpanzee . agness ' cell ring and as she answer it -- jane -- see you in the Big Apple . pedro be now rest on Jake 's head . jake ( try to be nonchalant with a kid on he head , smile ) see you there . 12 int . jane's kitchen / dine area - that night 12 Jane and three of her girlfriend be mid-meal . the wine be flow and the woman be laugh . trisha have happily never be marry . joanne be widow and diane be divorced . they be all Jane 's age and have be friend forever . trisha that be beyond .... jane ( laugh ) -- when the three of they get in the elevator ... between that and the staple and the headache for six month ... it be the most insane hour of my life . diane -- Jake have lose he mind . jane oh , I do not know ... diane I know . first of all , he be a complete prick for cheating on you . jane well , can not disagree with that . 17 . diane and then he marries she ... a know lunatic . jane she have a big job . trisha why do you always say that ? jane because she do . she run the whole marketing department at ky , whatever that station 's call so she 's not that big of a lunatic . diane janey , come on , he cheat on you with she , you 20 year marriage end then six month later she leave Jake for some random guy , have a baby , leave that guy , marries Jake and she 's not nut ? jane ( groan ) jo , you be so lucky Jerry 's dead . joanne oh , thanks . jane no , I mean , you never have to bump into he . joanne that 's true . trisha ( rise to get more wine ) janey , you want to meet a guy I meet on match.com that I do not like ? jane gee , what a great offer . I do not think so . trisha he be not that awful . jane oooo . sound better every minute . 18 . trisha stop at Jane 's seat , refilling Jane 's wine glass . trisha you know it 's not healthy not to have sex for ... however long it 's be ... jane trust I ... I be not not do it on purpose . diane okay . I do not know if this be true , but I read on line about this woman who have not do it in so long she vagina close up . jane what !!! get out of here . all the woman scream . diane I swear to God . it grow back together . joanne wait . be it ever one piece ? diane all I know be , she have to have a vaginaplasty . trisha ouch !!!! jane oh my goddddddd . Jane flop over on the table , laugh , rest she head . jane ( lift she head , then talk as if she 's in the doctor 's office ) " Dr. moss , hi . I have a little situation that need fix .... " trisha bubbee , you want to fix you situation ? just date someone . seriously . anyone . 19 . as Jane take that in , we : CUT to : 16 ext . the park regent HOTEL - NYC - day 16 camera boom down on Park Avenue to find Jane , the Girls and harley , just out of a cab . the bellman be take they luggage as the Girls spot they brother , luke , head toward they . lauren and gabby run to luke , hug he , comment on he hair , he shoe , he jeans , he tan . Jane light up when she see she son , hug he incredibly hard , kiss he cheek , then another tight squeeze . jane Love when we be all in the same time zone . a17 int . the park regent lobby - moment later a17 they all cross through the lobby toward the reception desk . harley so , what 's up luke ? do you decide to have the party ? luke oh , yeah . Big time . jane what party ? luke be you guy gonna sleep over ? lauren if you give we you bed and change the sheet . they arrive at the reception desk . jane you be have a party ? when ? ( to reception clerk ) hi. adler . two room ... hopefully next to each other . 20 . reception clerk I have a adler , J. in a Superior suite , Park Avenue view . oh , I be sorry , here it be . adler J -- two Standard double . sorry about that . jane yeah , we be not the one in the Superior suite . have the other adler check in yet ? just wonder . reception clerk no , they have not , mar 'am . not yet . now I just need a credit card and you signature . as Jane take out she credit card ... luke -- Mom , be it okay if the girl come with I now and help I set up ? harley and by girl he mean the three of we . jane wait . hold on . set up what ? I have reservation for all of we for dinner . that 's not happen now ? luke I do not know . I and my friend be have this huge thing at we apartment and the girl say they would help we set up .. ( see she disappointment ) we be go to be together all day tomorrow . gabby -- Mom , it 's he last night before graduation . jane okay , okay . do you want I to help or ... 21 . luke ( super sweetly ) -- Love you credit card .... 17 int . HOTEL elevator - moment later 17 Jane ride the elevator carry both girl ' jacket and carry on as well as she own . just as the door be about to close , a good look couple in they early forty get on . as they go up . the guy have he hand around the woman 's waist , he finger fan she butt . the couple look at each other , smile privately . Jane look away . 18 int . jane's room - 20 minute later 18 two double bed . Jane lie on top of one of the bed , fully dress , shoe off , eye wide open . 20 int . HOTEL bar and restaurant - top floor - night 20 Jane enter the hotel 's posh bar / restaurant . jane ( to host ) hi. adler . one . host hi. you table 's almost ready Mrs. adler . would you like to wait at the bar ? jane ( try to read upside down reservation list ) sure . you do not happen to have another adler come in , do you ? adler for two ? host ( peruse ) no ... you be we only adler this evening . jane ( relieved ) thanks . angle - the bar Jane take a seat next to two hot younger woman . 22 . jane ( to bartender ) pinot noir , please . no , you know what ? I will have a tanqueray martini very dry with a twist . Jane strum the bar top , check out the room . it 's fun be in a big city . her martini arrive , she take a sip and hear something very familiar . Jake 's laugh . she look across the bar and see Jake talk to the bartender . he seem to be alone . Jane wave . Jake notice she and smile . jane where 's you ....?? Jake pick up he drink and carry it to the bar stool next to Jane . jake pedro get the stomach flu so I be fly solo . jane really ? do not know you know how to be by yourself . jake any chance you could just go easy on I ? just a one night free pass . ( notice she ) you look good , janey . jane yeah .... jake you do . you always do . you hair 's short . jane long . jake I like it . the host join they . host Mrs. adler , you table 's ready . jake want some company , Mrs. adler ? 23 . Jane give Jake a doubtful look . jake -- we both have to eat . ( see Jane be hesitate ) when 's the last time we eat a meal together ? jane ( think for a sec ) just the two of we ? alone ? 1999 . jake so , come on . once every ten year . 21 a half hour later 21 New drink arrive for Jane and Jake . physically , they be sit as close as they have be in a decade . jane so ...how be thing in the fertility world ? jake ( check watch ) I can not believe it take you this long to bring that up . jane ( try not to laugh ) sperm issue ? jake apparently . yes . jane a baby ?! really Jake ? so ... the next time you go to a graduation , you will be what ? fifty -eight plus ... ( try to do the math ) jake -- I think the number you be look for be 79 . jane okay . so. seriously , how be that good ? jake why be we talk about this ? I think we be go to have fun . 24 . jane where would you get that idea ? 22 a bottle of wine be opened 22 and pour . the bar have fill up and Jane and Jake be sit a little closer together . jake -- just tell I , how long be you see he for ? jane oh , please , it be five year ago . jake I know but I always wonder so ... jane Little jealous ? jake yes . jane the man 's marry now . jake I do not care . how long ? jane eight month . jake ( surprised ) Long .... jane not long . a23 later a23 the bar be now crowded . Jane and Jake be finally eat but still drink . Jake be tell Jane a long story and she can not stop laugh . 23 omit 23 24 brandy time 24 a dj spin for the after dinner crowd . couple dance on the dance floor . Jane and Jake both react to the song . 25 . jake this song remind I of you birthday party ... the one in we old house ... jane -- oh , yeah . that be such a fun night . jake so fun . you wear that white halter dress .... jane ( remember ) oh , yeahhhh .... ( remember it all , look at Jake with a long for she own past ... ) jake want to dance ? jane -- no ...! 25 the dance floor - moment later 25 Jake and Jane be dance ... it 's familiar yet with the blush of the new . something 's go on here . Jake start sing . Jane join in . this be by far , the loosest we have see she . of course , it help that she 's drunk . they dance around one another without inhibition . a mate dance .... jane ( astonished , laugh ) you be marry to someone else ...! jake tell I about it ! they both laugh then Jake pull Jane close . jane ( sexy .... ) hey .... I know you . 26 . jake ( look deeply into she ) and I know you .... CUT to : 26 int . jake' suite - later 26 they be in bed and they have do it . they be not even entirely undress . they be spend , sweaty , breathe heavily . Jake cup he hand on Jane 's vagina , give it a solid pat and hold . jake Home sweet home . jane oh ...... God ......... Jane cover she face . jake that be one crazy ride ... think we be go to break the bed . jane ( not look good ) -- I be have a out of body experience . jake totally . you be so great , janey . I forget how great . Holy shit . jane please shut up . I be so dizzy . jake and the pilate be payin ' off by the way . Jane moan , open the night table drawer , lean over and throw up into it . jake oh no ! Jane woozily sit up on she side of the bed , she back to Jake . Jake look over at she . jake you okay ? 27 . jane ( start to rise ) look the other way . jake why ? jane ` Cause I have to get up . jake Jane ... I know what you ... jane look the other way Jake !!! as Jake turn away , Jane run to the bathroom , carry a pillow cover she bare ass . Jake hear she throw up again . he wince . 27 int . bathroom 27 Jane sit on the floor , by the toilet , look wipe out . Jake gingerly step into the bathroom , hair a mess , wear boxer short and he unbuttone shirt . jane ( look up at he ) what be wrong with we ? jake what do you mean ? this be amazing . we just have a great time . jane a great time ? this be the dumbest thing two people have ever do . ( giant moan .... ) Jake sit on the edge of the tub . this be news to he . jake really ? I do not know .... I have not think it out , but off the top of my head I would say it be smokin ' hot so something about it be not so dumb . ( she stare up at he , sick as a dog ) and , fyi , I like that you stop get bikini wax . you have go native . I be into it . 28 . horrify , Jane let out a yelp on she way to throw up again . 28 ext . WASHINGTON square park - nyu graduation day 28 the nyu Band play pomp and circumstance as the graduate class of `09 enter the field in cap and gowns . all the family in the bleacher be on they foot , applaud . 29 angle - the adler 29 Jane , in sunglass , be sobbing , take photo . next to she be gabby , harley and lauren , hoot , clap and scream , " there he be !!! " and next in line be Jake man the video camera , wiping away tear . on the field , luke spot he gang in the bleacher and give a broad bow . the adler go crazy , especially Jane , who do a finger whistle . Jake look over at Jane with puppy dog eye . the girl notice , assume they dad be emotional over the ceremony . Jane feel Jake 's glare but will not dare look over at he . gabby nudge she Mom to look over at dad . Jane turn he way , see that look in he eye and start to bawl . 30 int . restaurant - day - NYC 30 the family celebrate over lunch . luke be tell a funny story about something that happen on stage at graduation . Jane be the only one not fully chime in and laugh . she can not seem to move beyond what happen last night . lauren ( sotto ) you okay ? jane yeah . totally . under the table Jake slip off he shoe and rub he foot up Jane 's leg and under she skirt . back to scene Jane jump , quickly turn it into a reaction to luke 's story . she give Jake a private stare that say , " stop or I will kill you . " 29 . jake I would like to propose a toast to you mother . jane ( what ??? ) to I ? jake I have do my part with you guy , but Jane ... you -- very talented you ... gabby oh , God ... jake gabby , I be serious . Jane , you do a magnificent job , as you always do ... the kid look at one another ... what 's this about ? jake when I look at the three of you beautiful kid ... all grow up , I think of all the work you mother do , much of it without my help ... ( start to well up ) luke dude ... pull it together . jake -- janey , I take my hat off to you . jane okay , Jake . thank you . out of nowhere , sudden appreciation . but thank you . really . jake not totally out of nowhere , Jane ... if you know what I mean . jane ( quickly ) which I do not ... but ... lauren what 's he ...? 30 . jane -- have no idea . let 's move on , shall we ? Jane hold up she droopy leave eye . gabby I would like to say something too . for real . no offense to the lovely agness or she charming offspring ... ( the kid stifle laugh ) jake -- not nice . harley stop laugh . gabby I know . I be sorry . but I just want to say I really love today , just be with the original five ... ( luke nod in agreement ) -- plus harley , but he 's like one of we . I do not think we have ever do this before ... have a meal together . and hang out like this ... lauren you mean other than the first 13 year of you life . luke I know what 's she say . it 's be awesome .... just for a whole day to be just ... we . they all reflect on that one . 31 int . the park regent lobby - later 31 the adler be at the reception desk . Jane and Jake be next to each other , signing they credit card receipt , the kid chat behind they . jake ( to Jane ) something feel right in the universe again , do not it ? Jane look at he but do not answer . she turn to the kid . 31 . jane so who 's come home when ? no one 's tell I the detail . Jake 's cell ring . Jane half listen to he conversation . jake ( into cell ) hey . ( turn away ) how 's pedro feel ? distract , Jane focus on lauren . lauren ( respond to " pedro " ) okay , we be gonna help pack luke up , the three of we leave day after tomorrow and luke 's home the end of the week . jake ( rejoin , finish he call ) -- I will . call you when I land . ( slip cell away , not miss a beat ) janey , what flight be you on ? jane I be on the uh , the four o'clock . jake ah , too bad . I be on the five o'clock . luke that 's nut , why do not you try to get on the same flight ? jake yeah , I could try . jane it 's be ... great , but let 's not ... push it . lauren he be just try to be nice . jane I know . okay , I have get to hit the road , guy . ( more ) 32 . jane ( cont would ) ( kiss each kid as they line up ) thanks for stay . so proud of you . be good . call I if you need I . ( she arrive at Jake , pause , speechless ) jake ( kiss she cheek ) it be really fun . jane ( painfully ) it be . CUT to : 32 omit 32 33 omit 33 34 a tree line montecito lane - moving shot - day 34 we be look through a windshield and listen to a self help book on tape . male narrator ( v.o. ) -- just follow a few basic rule to make you divorce a less hurtful one by break the cycle of conflict . on adam - drive male narrator ( v.o. ) accept you ex , for who she be . adam a very big ho . narrator ( v.o. ) and try to remember when you fall in love and ... adam ( spot something ) -- there she go ... 33. adam be Pov - jane jogging right past he car , listen to she ipod . adam Jane ! she do not hear he . Adam back up next to she . Jane slow down . Adam lower the passenger window . she look in , do not recognize he at first . adam it 's Adam ... jane it 's 8:30 Tuesday morning ! adam be we still okay ? jane yes ! totally forget ! I be so sorry ! can you give I a lift back to the house ? adam ( quickly clean up the front seat ) sure ... come on in . Jane get into the car just in time to hear : male narrator ( v.o. ) -- but perhaps the most important lesson in go through you divorce be to learn to forgive . forgiveness be the key to -- Adam hit the CD knob to turn the CD off , but instead he accidentally fast forward . male narrator ( v.o. ) in spite of you hurt feeling , prove to she that you can be a mature -- Adam hit the knob again and this time , turn it off , a bit mortify . jane just get a divorce ? 34 . adam yeah . ( then ) two and a half year ago . jane wooo . adam ( embarrassed ) it 's be a process . jane here 's the good news . in two more year you will actually begin to feel normal again . adam in two more year I will begin to feel normal ? why be I have trouble see that as good news ? jane maybe that be just my experience . adam oh God , I hope so . 35 ext . house - later 35 Blue print be spread on a garden table . Adam be draw as Jane watch . adam -- so if we move this wall back a bit , that can bring the arch forward , which be where you really want it , right ? jane yes , I would love that . adam ( sketching ) think so . jane I have a idea ... what if we move my bedroom like six or eight foot so I can get more of the morning light ? ( more ) 35 . jane ( cont would ) ( see Adam hesitate ) not possible ? adam -- yes , but you will wake up in the morning , open you bedroom door and fall 12 foot into you kitchen . jane ahhh ! forget it be all open up there ! adam but I get where you be head . let I see what I can do ... this property be so great ... have you live here a long time ? jane about ten year . I buy this place right after my divorce but it 's take I until now to be able to finally do this .... Jane and Adam be distract when a porsche noisily pull up and Jake get out wear a suit and a chipper attitude . jake good morning ! ( to Jane ) be I interrupt ...? jane ( throw that he 's here ) hi . no , well , we be just about do . Adam , this be my ex-husband , Jake . Jake , this be Adam schaeffer , my architect . jake hi. adam ( they shake hand ) good to meet you . jake ( be : plan ) can I take a look ? do you mind ? Adam look to Jane for approval but too late , Jake 's already look . 36 . jane everything 's not 100 % work out yet ... jake wow . you be finally get the kitchen you always want ... jane yeah ... jake huge bedroom . jane it 's not huge . ( suddenly insecure ) why do not I show this to you when we get a little closer . Jane start to roll up the blueprint , fumble a little . Adam finish for she . she thanks he with she eye . adam so , I think next we should stake out the addition ... see how it all feel - size wise ... jane sound great . adam I will e-mail you and we will set it up . we do good work today . Jake , nice meeting you . Jake smile and wave as Adam exit , walk to he car . jake ( turn to Jane ) get time for a cup of coffee ? Adam can not help but sneak a look back at they . Jane wave , a bit embarrassed . 36 int . jane's kitchen - moment later 36 Jane move nervously around the kitchen , open the fridge , take out juice ... 37 . jake why have not you return any of my call or e-mail ? jane Jake , come on . this be just too weird . we have to just never do what we do - ever again . you be a adulterer and I be a awful person , basically . I have not sleep in day . what we do be just so wrong on so many level . jake and it be so right on a couple of level too . admit it . jane ( finally settles ) no ! it be not ! on no level be it right ! jake you can not say we do not enjoy each other 's company . sitting at the bar , dance ... after dance ... ( she do not want to be remind ) come on , you and I have not have fun like that in a hundred year . jane yes ! because we be not suppose to have fun like that ! we be divorced ! be you like , what ? unhappy at home ? do she not " understand " you ? do you just want to know what it would be like with someone my age ? what be this ? jake I would be lie if I say I never think about you , janey . I think about you . a lot . and no , it 's not perfect at home . obviously . look at I . I have get three grow kid and I be go to kindergarten interview . I be a walk cliche . Jane shrug . she agree . 38 . jake and I can not , literally can not stop think about what happen in New York . fate bring we together once , maybe it happen again . ( she pause ... ) and I know ... you have move on with you life , I get it , but you can not deny something real and honest happen that night . can not we just go with it , see where it take we . no one have to know . ( Jane shudder ) you be so great . so loose and sexy . how often do you get to be like that ? you can run and open restaurant and build you perfect kitchen but what about have someone to hold you in the middle of the night ...? jane not high on my list this day . jake but what if that someone be someone who 's know you since you be 23 and love you for most of you life . jane I forget what a good lawyer you be . jake give this a shot , janey .... life be short and it 's tough . do not discount what we have with each other . ( he 's get to she ) you know what they say ... people in nursing home who have plant live longer than the people without plant . jane oh , so you be say you think this be a healthy choice for I ? jake honey , I know it be . 39 . 37 ext . jane's garden - sprinklers go off 37 and the plant get water . 38 int . jane's bedroom - a little later 38 Jane and Jake have do it again . in broad daylight and sober . they catch they breath . jane oh , God , it 's official . we be have a affair . jake why do you need to label everything ? jane because that 's what this be . jake yes , in its crassest form , maybe , if we be two other people . jane just because we be marry for 19 year do not not make this a affair . jake okay , but since we be together for so long , it 's not really that wrong . jane really ? you want to run that logic by you wife ? Jane fan herself . jane do I a favor , you be on my side . can we switch ? I feel disorient . jake since when be this you side ? jane since ten year ago . please ... 40 . they switch side . in the middle of this maneuver Jake land on top of Jane . he pause . jake could I interest you in a little ... jane no ! they flop onto the opposite side of the bed . Jane fan herself . so hot . jake ( turn to she ) why do you think the sex be so much sexier this time ? jane I do not know . Jane pull the sheet up . they look at one another . he get she to smile . jane I have gotta get to work . jake I too . okay ... ( moan as he sit up , then rise ) Jake start to get dress . Jane watch he from bed , check out he stomach . he notice . jake ( indicate he belly ) see what happen when you be not look out for I . ( pat it ) she let I eat everything .. pasta , cream cheese ... jane can you hand I my robe ? Jake reach for Jane 's robe , hand it to she . she indicate Jake should turn around . jake why do I have to ..? 41 . jane -- because the last time you see I stand up naked I be in my forty . ( Jake can not believe this ) thing look different lie down . just ... Jake roll he eye , turn away from she . jake you have get a little nut . jane ( slip into she robe ) Jake , I think it would be really good for we to not talk for a few day . okay ? jake ( turn back to she ) you know what I think -- just for the record ? I think we be do something kinda brilliant . all the thing that tore we apart be not issue anymore . I would say we problem actually go away . jane what ..? jake do not you always say you feel you be not be hear ? be not that we big issue -- both of we always feel reject and unappreciate . look at we now . you be so much more together , you be not exhaust all the time , you be not catering every weekend and busy all day with the kid and I be calmer , less obsessed about work . I be a partner . I be there . we grow into the people we want each other to be ! and I do not know ... I appreciate thing about you I could not even see before . jane ( not want to get into it ) really ? ( more ) 42 . jane ( cont would ) well , you know , I be not as good as you at remember all the detail of we ... jake ( get dress ) -- do you remember never have time for sex ? now look at we . we have already do it two time this week and it 's only Tuesday . I swear to God , if half the couple who get divorced , could get back together 10 year later , they problem would be solve . I think we be on to something . jane not sure I agree and ... also , we be not back together . jake and I know other divorced people think about this ... they wonder - what if .... ( fix he tie ) I think this be very french of we . jane how be this french of we ? jake I have a young wife but I be have sex with my old wife . not old , you know . ex ! ( Jane nod .... ) I do not mean old ... 39 Jane toss Jake he jacket . they exit the bedroom and head 39 toward the front door . jake you be do that thing where you act like you be not listen ... but think about what I be say , okay ? ( then ) do you have any of you homemade granola here ? I have not have it in so long . jane you miss it ? 43. jake so much . jane we sell it for $ 6.50 a bag at the store . jake yeah , why give it away when you can ... ( Jane open the front door and move he outside ) kiss good bye ? Jane kiss he on the cheek . jake she want to be court ! ( as he head for he car ) I can do that ! ( turn back ) and honey , thanks for the .... ( indicate sex with he finger ) -- coffee .... Jane can not close the door fast enough . 40 int . jane's house - night 40 Jane carry three beautiful homemade pie , arrive in the live room where she Friends be gather . platter of food and open bottle of wine be on the coffee table . trisha oh my God , now what ? Three pie ?! this be a feast ! jane I do not know what 's go on , I have so much energy lately which I think be probably a result of ... all the sex I be have . ( the lady laugh ) yeah . I be actually not kid . I be have a affair . ( they stare at she ) with a marry man . 44 . diane what ? when do this happen ? where would you meet he ? jane well , it ... start in New York . diane in New York ??? last week ? jane yeah , we do it once there and once here . maybe more than once there , I be drunk so ... trisha you have drunken sex with a marry man in New York when you go for luke 's graduation ? jane ( laugh , embarrassed ) turn out I be a bit of a slut . ( be : pie ) Apple , blueberry or plum ? diane wait , wait , wait . hold on .... you be not say !!!! joanne ( clueless ) -- what ? trisha ( catch on ) no ! you be not ! jane oh , God , but I be . I be have a affair with agness adler 's husband . the woman all scream as Jane fan herself . trisha that. is. genius ! joanne but also sort of wrong . jane I know . 45 . diane oh , please . not that wrong . jane I know ! I be so happy to be able to tell someone . this be the most out of control thing I have ever do . literally . you know I . diane yes we do . you do not do anything wrong , or bad . ever . so you be allow this one . I be sorry ... I kinda love it . joanne he be yours first . jane true . not that I want he back by the way . trisha of course not . you can do better than Jake . jane ( a little insulted ) thanks . trisha I mean you have outgrown he . you have blossom , you feng shuie you whole life ... just please , do not let he talk you into save he . jane I will not ... ( wonder what that mean ) diane there be something kinda perfect about this . you do not have to cook for he or clean up after he or actually even sleep with he .... jane yeah , I have a ex with benefit ... 46 . jane ( cont 'd ) but , girl , what about the fact that I be now the other woman ? I be the one we hate . trisha oh , forget that . agness be still the one we hate . even in this scenario . diane yeah , karma be the ultimate bitch on this one . 41 int . bakery kitchen - day 41 Jane walk through the busy kitchen hold a sheet of paper . her shirt be a little more fitte . her make up , a little prettier . she cross to the head Baker who 's just take a tray of cookie out of the oven . jane reynaldo , I be change the breakfast menu , want to give it a little more life ... ( show it to he , he seem distract ) what do you think ? reynaldo ( distract ) -- what would you do ? something to you hair ? jane I do not think so . reynaldo something about you look different . Little more " caliente . " jane caliente ? another chef in the kitchen nod in agreement . reynaldo you see it Eddie ? eddie whatever it be , it 's workin' . 47 . he wink at Jane as he stir cookie batter . Jane blushes as she cell phone ring . jane hello . ( listen ) no ! I do not do this again ! 42 ext . jane's OPEN field - late day 42 camera move in on Adam , wait by a ladder in the middle of the field . Jane 's addition be stake out with orange tape . reverse - on jane rushing toward Adam . jane Adam , I be so sorry . my mind be just ... forgive I . adam if I be you shrink I would say maybe you do not really want to build this house . jane that 's completely not true . I be really sorry . ( look at tape off addition ) oh ! I like it already ! adam yeah , it 's feel really good . so , this become you office . we come down you new hallway , the window be all along here ... jane great . Love it . adam and from here to there ... wait , let I get the door for you ... ( open a piece of tape ) you kitchen . ( they enter ) we be in the eat area . how 's the size ? ( pretend to sit ) we be at either end of the table . 48 . jane ( laugh at Adam ) feel perfect . adam I think so too . jane ( take it all in ) this be heaven ! adam it 's gonna be cool . want to go upstairs ? 43 jane and adam atop side by side ladder 43 adam so if you be lie in bed , this would be you view . Jane break into a smile . there Pov - in the distance -- the ocean over this tranquil view -- a cell ring . Jane take she phone out of she pocket , see it 's Jake call . she pause , then push " ignore " and then promptly lose she balance . Adam immediately reach over and steady she . adam you okay ? jane ( grab she heart ) yeah . CUT to : water running out of a faucet 44 int . bathroom - jake' house - same time 44 Water be run in the sink , even though no one 's at the sink . Jake be in the shower stall , fully dress , put away he cell . he quietly push the shower door open and then carefully shut it with a small snap . Jake fake cough and then turn off the sink water . he check he watch when he hear glass breaking in another room then hear agness call he name in anger . he leap . 49 . jake come ! Jake quietly unlocks the bathroom door and exit to find he path be block by pedro who sit on a tricycle stare up at he . pedro what be you do in there ? jake go to the bathroom . pedro the toilet do not flush . jake yes it do . pedro why be you in the shower with you clothes on ? jake ( make sure agness do not hear ) what be you talk about ? pedro I hear the shower door close . jake what do you have , x-ray ear ? agness join in brief and a white tank , black bra peek through . she hold a broom . agness what 's up pedro ? pedro Jake take a shower with he clothes on . jake pedro ! darling ... agness what 's he talk about ? jake I do not speak pedro . that 's you department . 50 . agness ( to pedro ) do not go in the kitchen , p , I break something . ( to Jake , annoyed ) yo. can you help ? agness exit back to the kitchen as pedro stare at Jake . CUT to : 45 two gorgeous croque -monsieurs - coming out of a oven 45 this open-face fancy french grill cheese Sandwiches be carry to Jane 's counter . we be : int . jane's kitchen - early evening Jane very professionally place the croque - monsieur onto two wait plate , add some salad on the side . Adam stand nearby with a glass of wine , jacket off . adam that look amazing . jane it 's call a croque-monsieur . it 's one of the first thing I learn to make when I live in Paris because the ingredient be really really cheap . adam when do you live in Paris ? jane in my early twenty . I go there to take a six day pastry class and end up stay a year work as a apprentice in a bakery . Jane place the plate at the island as she and Adam sit side by side . Jane raise she wine glass . jane thank you for take my 47 e-mail and turn they into something so beautiful . 51 . adam you be rapidly become one of the most appreciative client I have ever have ... jane well , I be not all that use to be able to count on anyone ... adam ( surprised by that ) really ? 46 jake drive - same time 46 he squint , look ahead , sees : jane's house - all lit up and Adam 's car park out front . Jake turn off he headlight , slowly pull around to the side of the house . 47 int . jane's kitchen - moment later 47 jane I know it 's none of my business but ... I be try to figure out why someone like you be divorced . adam and what would you come up with ? jane something in the you be too nice department ..? adam yes , that and my wife fall in love with my best friend . ex - best friend . jane oh , no ! adam we be all on a bike trip , he and he wife , I and my wife ... through Tuscany and on the last day of the trip they announce they be in love . 52 . jane that 's awful . adam yeah . not a great plane ride home . jane I can imagine , sit there for eleven hour with you wife who you know be -- oh , that 's rough . adam actually they go on to Venice and I fly back with Carol , he wife . you can not imagine what it 's like to sit next to someone who 's be cry for ten straight hour . jane I do not blame she . adam I be talk about I . anyway , they be marry now and it 's pretty much a ongoing awful thing . but , you and you ex ... when I see he stop by for a cup of coffee the other morning , I think -- wow ! that 's the way it 's suppose to be . you two seem to have it all figure out . jane we be not as figure out as you would think . 48 ext . house - same time 48 Jake , in work - out clothes , sprint across the front lawn , careful not to be see . 49 back to scene 49 Jane clear they dish . jane ( laugh ) you know I hope you do not feel I have be interrogate you , but ... ( more ) 53. jane ( cont would ) I know what it 's like to have you ex remarry and to not have so much go on in that department . I mean , do you date ever or ... adam uh , constantly actually . jane constantly ? adam everyone I know or have ever know have fix I up . and then , sometimes I just meet woman , I do not know how that happen , but ... jane -- but no girlfriend ? adam not yet . Jane stand on the other side of the island and hand Adam another croque-monsieur . she stay on she side , like a waitress at a counter . she refill he water glass . jane just like to date ... adam actually , I find it really stressful . you know , the last time I be in the dating world be 1978 . it 's a little more complicated this day . I can not tell you how nice it be to have a conversation with a woman and have the pressure off . not to mention , a home cook meal that no one else I know could possibly cook . Jane 's not sure if she feel a little hurt by that . she smile , wiping the counter . adam that be a compliment . so you do not have a guy in you life at the moment ? jane no .... ( start to say something . ) no . 54 . adam no ? ext . jane's house - same time Jake rise from the bush outside of Jane 's Kitchen window . he peek in the window , balance himself precariously on a stack of loose brick . he see Jane tell Adam a story and both of they crack up . Jake lean in further to try to hear what Jane 's say when the brick slip under he foot , he lose he balance and drop out of the frame . 51 int . jane's house - a bit later 51 Jane walk Adam to the door . he hold roll blueprint . adam this be so nice and relax and the lavender ice cream be actually the best dessert of any sort I have ever have ... like , in my life . jane aw , thank you . I always make ice cream when I can not sleep , so I be glad someone be here to eat it . ( open door ) adam ( pause ... ) great get to know you a little . jane ( nod ) it be really fun . Adam wave , Jane wave . definitely a little sweet / awkward . Jane close she door , start turn out light , head for the kitchen , when there 's a quick knock on the front door . jane woop ! come ! Jane quickly return to the door and open it to find : jake lean in the door frame . 55 . jake o.m.g . I think he would never leave . ( enter ) hello Jane , you look very beautiful tonight . he take she in he arm . jake mmmmm . Love when you smell like butter . jane ( ease away ) what be you do here ? jake miss you . jane it 's nine o'clock . where do you wife think you be ? jake at yoga . shall we do some downward face dog ? jane not tonight big guy . they cross into the kitchen . camera track . jake be it really necessary for you to always say no before you say yes ? I will not think less of you , you know . jane really , Jake , I be a little tired , I be just gonna take a bath . jake good . so , we will just hang out . ( now in the kitchen , he sees the dinner dish on the counter ) ooooo , be that croque -monsieur ? who 's plate be this ? your or he ? jane mine . 56 . jake ( eat she leftover , savor the taste ) oh my God , just as I remember it . jane do not you ever eat at you house ? jake pedro dictate all meal and he have a very limited palate . ( see melt ice cream ) what kind of ice cream be that ? jane lavender honey . jake ( immediately ) not sleep ? jane not at all . you ? jake never sleep better . and my digestion be finally back on track . you have turn my world right side up , Jane . you know what this mean , do not you ? jane no ... jake that I have never really know how to live without you . 52 int . jane's bathroom 52 Jane take a bubble bath . Jake lie on the floor , lean against the tub , he back to she , eat a bowl of ice cream . jake maybe we should be grow old together . jane hate to tell you , big guy , but we already grow old apart . 57 . jake what 's with the `big guy ' ? be that because you think I be fat or be it a term of endearment ? jane I have no idea why I keep say that . I be sorry . I will stop . jake thank you . ( then ) I love how quiet it be in you house . I have no quiet in my life . ever . jane yeah , well , you live with a five year old . jake yes ... and do not forget pedro . Jane splashes he . jane so what do that mean exactly ...? what 's go on over there at you place ? jake my marriage be ... not turn out as I hope . that 's obvious .... agness start out really look up to I ... we never use to fight but now ... with the kid .... lately we be all about where he 's gonna go to school and now she say we need a bigger house , more help . I be think of cut back at work ... now that 's never gonna happen . and she want another baby before pedro get too old which I get but since we be always fight ... oh , God , listen to I . jane be not a baby part of the deal when you marry a woman that age ? 58 . jake be it ? I guess so . she 's get I book at the fertility center every other day and she 's so amp up on hormone injection I may need to find a exorcist if she do not calm down . ( Jane laugh ) I wish it be funny . ( finish he ice cream ) incredible ice cream . I be turn around ... ( as he turn , Jane shrink in the tub ) remember when we use to smoke pot and eat you ice cream in the hot tub ? jane the " hot tub " ... that feel like a billion year ago . jake how long have it be since you ... ( indicate smoking a joint ) jane me? since before lauren be bear . jake 27 year ?!! jane at least . Jake slip a joint out of he shirt pocket , twirl it . jane be you kid I ? put that away ! it 's be too long ... jake exactly . jane I be not go to .... jake okay , why do not I leave this with you ... ( it 's kind of amazing . ) maybe you will take a few hit ... ( more ) 59 . jake ( cont would ) get you sea leg , then we will smoke the rest of it together . jane maybe .... Jake place the joint in a drawer . jake so that nerdy architect like you ... you know that , right ? jane he 's not nerdy and he definitely do not . we be work together . jake I be watch when you bent down to open the oven , he eye be glue to you ass . jane ( change the subject ) hey , will you do I a favor ? 53 int . foyer 53 Jake be on a small ladder , change a light bulb in the chandelier . Jane , in a robe , stand beneath he . jake ( look down at she , smile ) tell the truth , janey be this a great affair , or what ? jane I do not know . it 's my first . jake ( climb down ) we do not even have to have sex and it 's fun . ( arrive next to she ) I wish I could sleep over . jane I gotta tell my shrink about this . this be a lot to handle . I guess you should go ... I be sure yoga 's probably close by now . ( more ) 60 . jane ( cont would ) oh , you get a little ice cream on you shirt . let I get that out . jake it 's okay ... Jake take Jane in he arm and give she a deep hug . he linger , kissing she neck , smell she skin . she kiss he on the cheek . he slide she robe off she shoulder . he softly caress she shoulder , kissing it , then make he way up she neck . Jane give in and kiss Jake fully on the lip . he pull she close , she robe fall . jane wow , wow , wow ... what 's happen , Jake ? the phone ring . Jane pause . jake do not get it . jane I always get it . I have three kid . ( Jake wish she would not . she hesitates , pick it up ) hello . hiii ... ( make a I tell you so face ) you still on the plane ? how be luke when you leave ? oh , that sound like fun . let I know what I can bring ..... no ! do not have any idea where he be . ( point to Jake ) okay , honey , talk to you tomorrow . ( hang up ) now I be lie ...... lauren and harley be give luke a graduation party this weekend . sweet , huh ? Jake 's cell phone ring , see it 's lauren call . jake ( into phone ) hello stranger . welcome back . Jane open the door and Jake dart over for a quick kiss and then exit toward he car . they wave to one another . 61 . jake ( into phone ) -- just get in my car . this weekend ? sound great . let I know what I can bring ... Jake look to Jane . she shake she head -- he 's shameless . Jake shrug . Jane watch as Jake drive off , talk on he cell . 54 ext . santa barbara STREET - early morning 54 Jane pace outside of a medical building , hold a box from she bakery . she 's clearly wait for someone . she spot a comfortably dress man in he mid forties hold the leash of a airedale and approach the building 's entrance . jane ( approach he ) Dr. Allen ! dr . allen ( surprised to see she ) Jane . hi . be I see you today ? jane no , I just need to talk ... and I be wonder if there be any chance you could squeeze I in for a emergency session . I be sort of desperate for some advice . I bring you some of that coffee cake you like . not as a bribe or anything ... dr . allen ( check he watch ) I only have twenty minute until my first patient . jane that 's fine . I will talk fast . 55 int . build corridor - upstair - moment later 55 Jane , Dr. Allen and the Dog walk the corridor . 62 . jane ( whisper ) so , at this point , I just need some sound , unbiase guidance . be have a affair with you know who a good thing or a bad thing ? ( they stop at Dr. Allen 's office door ) it 's a bad thing , right ? how could it be good ? dr . allen ( open he door ) it 's not good . it 's not bad . oh , man . not what she need to hear . 56 int . office 56 Jane sit in a chair across from a empty chair . Dr. Allen turn on a few lamp as he dog settles . dr . allen you know , thing happen in life and we job be to find out why . what we have to do be take a real look at this . be you ready to do that ? jane I be . definitely . I have make a list of what this can possibly be about ... at my end . can I read it to you ? dr . allen ( take he seat ) of course . jane ( digging out she blackberry ) thanks . I e-mail it to myself . ( read from blackberry ) okay . be I still try to figure out why the marriage fail ? do I want to get back together ? do we have unfinish business ? be this about revenge ? be I just ... lonely ? or , be it my " caretaker " thing ? ( more ) 63. jane ( cont would ) you know , the kid be finally go and now all of a sudden Jake 's back and I get to take care of he in some way ... Dr. Allen nod , impressed with the work she 's do . jane and , listen , I get how therapy work , I do ... we look at thing , we examine they , week turn into month , what ....? we be go on eight year , right ?.... and I be okay with that , I like it ... but in this case , I need to know what you really think . like , I would like you to say ... do not do this , it 's absolutely wrong or go ahead , you will be fine . I actually want to be tell what to do . dr . allen what 's interesting be I be already see you open up more than I have in some time . I be think , through this affair , you may learn to view the world in a different way . jane I be sorry . I need more concrete . be you say I should keep see he ? because , honestly , if the guilt and fear could go away , maybe I could let go a little and figure this out . dr . allen I would not resist look at this . jane ( mull that over quickly ) okay ... and another way of say that be ....? dr . allen let go Jane . it can not hurt . Jane fist pump in the air . 64 . 57 int . santa barbara fertility CENTER reception - day 57 Jake be in the wait room with several other " older " Men all with they much young wive . a nurse enter , hold a chart . nurse Jacob adler ? Jake rise . one of the young woman whisper ... woman have fun ... 58 int . fertility CENTER office 58 the nurse show Jake into a windowless room with a sink , a pleather barcalounger , a tv and a dvd player . nurse okay , you know the drill . you can hang you thing in the close , the remote be on top of the tv and the material be in the drawer . ( clean the remote with a anti-bacterial wipe ) please deposit you specimen in the cup and I will see you when you be do . she dim the light before leave . Jake take off he jacket , toss it on the chair , slip off he shoe , take off he pants , sit for a sec when he phone ring . he look at the name of the caller . smile . jake hi. 59 jane walk quickly through a farmer' market on her cell . 59 jane ( on she cell ) hey , where be you ? jake at the office . jane want to grab some lunch ? 65 . jake absolutely . when ? jane can you do it now ? I have about a hour . think we could go to the stanhope .... get room service . ( she 's nervous just say it ) jake ( rise ) be there in ten ! jane see you there , adler . jake ( hang up ) she 's comin ' back ! Jake rush to put on he pants , catch he foot in the pant 's hem , hop to safety . he reach for he jacket then grab a anti-bacterial wipe , use it to turn the door knob . 60 int . the stanhope lobby / cafe - day 60 harley and lauren be have lunch in the cafe connect to the lobby . harley have a clear view of the lobby 's reception desk . lauren have she back to it . lauren -- luke 's so excited about he party . we can fit forty people in we place , can not we ? harley sure , if nobody want to sit down ... ( notice jake entering the hotel ) -- hey , there 's you ... harley then realize jake be signing the Register and checking in and choke on he french fry . lauren my what ... ( start to turn ) harley grab lauren 's face in he hand and kiss she , even though he 's choke . he cough while kissing she . 66 . lauren harley !!! harley I be sorry , I do not mean to spit on you . I just need to kiss you . lauren while you be choke ? harley it work . I be not choke anymore . harley swallow a cough , reach for he water , he eye on jake as Jake be handed a room key and pointed toward the elevator . harley drink he entire glass of water as he watch . lauren ( turn ) who do you just see ? luckily Jake be now go . harley no one . think it be you cousin ... but ... harley fall silent as he sees jane enter the HOTEL and cross to the reception desk . after a sec , she 's point toward the same elevator . harley ohhhh my sweet Lord .... lauren ( look up from she salad ) now what ? harley honey , I totally forget I have a conference call at 1:15 , I gotta get back to the office . waiter ! honey , stop eat , get the waiter . call the one over there . ( point she away from Jane ) lauren harley , we can not leave , we be meeting with the wedding specialist . 67 . harley ( watch as Jake wait for Jane around the corner ) yeah , you know what ? today 's not a good idea to do that . ( see Jane join Jake , they step into the elevator and immediately fall into each other 's arm and kiss ) oh my God ...!!! 61 int . jake and jane's HOTEL room - upstair - same time 61 the curtain be draw , the light be low . Jane , in a hotel robe , slip a cd in the cd player and we hear a mellow song , perfect for love in the afternoon . the bathroom door open and Jake exit , also in a hotel robe . Jane stand across the room from he . they smile at one another . from behind , we see Jane untie she robe , let it fall to the floor . Jake look at she , from head to toe and back . they smile at one another , then something come over Jake . his eye roll back , he leg give out and he collapse against the wall . jane Jake !!! 62 int . lobby cafe - same time 62 the Hotel 's wedding specialist have join lauren and harley 's table . she hold a binder fill with photo . harley be a mess , know what 's go on upstairs . wedding specialist I adore October wedding . let I show you what we do last October . she open she Book of photo for lauren . lauren gasp . harley ( rise ) honey , I be gonna make that phone call from the ... lauren and the wedding specialist do not look up and do not hear he . they keep talk to each other . 68 . harley ( nod ) -- okay . good . you just keep do that and I will ... they still do not look up . harley nervously head for the lobby when he spot the HOTEL doctor , bag in hand , arrive at the reception desk . HOTEL doc what 's the room number ? reception clerk 408 . adler . his wife say he 's conscious now ... HOTEL doc ( take off ) on my way . harley stop in he track , freaking . adler ??? 63 int . jane and jake' HOTEL room - moment later 63 Jake be under the cover , in he robe , a blood pressure cuff around he arm . Jane , still in she robe , pace . the Hotel Doc sit on a chair next to Jake 's side of the bed . HOTEL doc you blood pressure 's good . jane how 's he heart ? HOTEL doc do you have a heart condition , Mr. adler ? jake no . and I just have a check up . jane you do ? oh , that 's good . HOTEL doc ( listen to he heart ) deep breath . so , no chest pain ? jake none . 69 . HOTEL doc when you get dizzy , do you feel you heart be beat funny ? jake yes , but I be admire my beautiful ... ( indicate Jane ) Jane hold up she weak eyelid . HOTEL doc -- well that 's nice to hear after all this year ... ( wind up he stethoscope ) do you forget to take any of you medication today ? jake take `em all . HOTEL doc what all do you take ? jake uh .... lipitor , baby aspirin .. ( whisper ) flomax . jane ( sit on the bed ) flomax ? jake ( embarrassed ) yes , otherwise I pee 40 time a day . HOTEL doc how long have you be take the flomax ? jake not that long . and I only take it sporadically . I have to sneak it actually . ( explain confidentially ) it reduce semen and that 's not good for my wife right now . ( to Jane ) sorry . 70 . HOTEL doc ( look over at Jane ) really ..? jane yes , I prefer a lot of semen . always have . ( rise ) okay , well , thank you so much for come . look like he 's gonna live , so ... HOTEL doc ( pack up ) yeah , my guess be flomax be probably the culprit here . it can definitely give you a sudden drop in blood pressure so I suggest you stay off it for a few week , which apparently you wife will appreciate . ( hold in a chuckle ) jane yeah . really good for I . the Doctor snap he bag shut , rise . HOTEL doc and I suggest you rest quietly for the rest of the afternoon . ( to Jane ) no hanky panky , Mrs. adler . jane no chance . I assure you . 64 int . lobby 64 harley sit on a bench with he head between he leg . lauren arrive , join he on the bench . lauren be you act like this because of the wedding ? tell I the truth ? harley ( head down ) not at all . swear to god. 71 . lauren because I do not want to be one of that couple where the guy go into a coma the whole time we plan the wedding . it 's not worth it to I . harley look up , see the Hotel Doc walk by the reception clerk . the Doc give she a wink and a " thumb up " and keep on walk . harley ( deep sigh , rise ) okay ! we be back in business ! 65 oprah - close - on tv 65 in Jane and Jake 's room . reverse - jane and jake sitting up in bed , in they robe , watch Oprah and eat chicken soup on trays . Jake reach for the salt . Jane ease it away from he . Jake look over at Jane , ooze with love and appreciation . jake see . just that move ... you have no idea . not everyone 's like that ... jane ( mute Oprah , then : ) Jake , I have a confession to make . back when we break up ... I know it be not all you fault . jake you mean that ? you have never say that to I before . jane I know . because when you cheat , I do not have to . but I think in some way , I give up on we and I be not sure you ever really do . jake I still have not . Jake take Jane 's hand . she look down at he wedding ring , then turn she eye back to Oprah . a beat , then : 72 . jane be you and agness ... still have sex ? Jake do not answer . Jane turn , look right at he . jake only if she initiate it . Jane groans . jake I be try not to rock the boat at home until you and I figure this out . ( see she reaction ) this be a little trickier at my end than yours . jane right . yeah . okay .... ( rise ... ) now I know you be gonna think I be leave because of what you just say , but I be not . I really have to get back to work . jake ( take Jane 's hand ) we get really close there for a moment . she know he 's right . Jane 's cell ring . she let it ring again , then answer it . jane ( into phone ) hello ? 66 adam - at he office 66 adam ( into phone ) hi , hope I be not interrupt anything . intercut jane and adam jane Adam ! oh ! hi. 73. Jake be instantly jealous . he rise , cross to the closet , start dress , he eye glue to Jane who seem to be very engage by Adam . adam I just find out there 's a french Film Festival in town and that make I think of you so I be wonder if you would like to go to the open night tomorrow night . ( a little nervous ... will she accept ? ) jane oh , that sound so fun ... ( Jake roll he eye ) let I think , tomorrow 's what ? jake ( desperate , whisper ) -- say you be busy . agness have a dinner thing tomorrow , I can come over . ( Jane hesitates ) please . jane oh , um , you know , I would really love to , but , my son be come home from college the next day and I have a bunch of thing I have to do to get ready ... ( hate lie , Jake cross to she , smile ) I be so sorry . adam no , do not worry . no problem . maybe we can see something another night . jane absolutely . I would love that . Jake smile appreciatively , cross to Jane , hug she . 67 adam hang up 67 we see he be hold two Movie ticket . he look at they then cross to the desk of a female Worker . 74 . adam Melanie , how would you and you husband like two ticket to the open of the french Film Festival ? reserved seat ... VIP parking ... female worker seriously ? 68 int . HOTEL room - moment later 68 Jane and Jake be finish get dress , move about , put on shoe , blouse , tie , jacket , belt ... jake you will make the whole thing ? the roast chicken , the --- jane -- mashed potato , sauteed string bean and double fudge chocolate cake . I know you favorite dinner , jakey . jake ( touch ) you have not call I jakey in 10 year . this have be a great day for we . so , do we have a date ? jane ( fix Jake 's hair ) we have a date . Jake grab he heart . Jane lean on he , a smile on she face as we begin to hear music . 69 ext . jane's patio - late day - music over 69 Music play from the outdoor speaker . Jane set the table in she courtyard . she 's sing along with the music . 70 a perfect cake - music over 70 sit on the Kitchen counter . Jane finish off icing the cake like the pro she be then peek into the oven , look at she perfect roast chicken . 71 omit 71 75 . 72 int . jane's bedroom - music over 72 Jane clip the price tag off of a new dress and slip it off its hanger . 73 a clock on a night stand 73 tell we it 's 8:45 . on jake his eye glue to the clock . we be in jake and agness ' bedroom . Jake and agness lie on they bed , both do paper work . pedro be asleep between they . Jake get up , slip he cell into he hand . agness ( not look at he ) why be you take you cell to the bathroom ? jake oh. do not mean to . ( place it back on the night stand ) agness carry he to he bed , will you ? Jake carefully lift pedro off the bed . agness ( while read ) and hurry back . I be ovulate . jake you be ? agness why do you think I cancel my dinner ? agness pull she t-shirt over she head ... she be gorgeous . 74 int . pedro' room - continuous 74 Jake gently lie pedro in he bed , pull up the cover . pedro take Jake 's hand , hold it to he chest , look up at he . Jake offer a comforting smile and pedro close he eye . 76 . Jake sit on the bed and let pedro fall back asleep , hold onto he hand . 75 ext . jane's patio - night 75 candle be light on the table , but be now low . the table be set with flower from the garden . the wine have not be open . camera crane to find Jane inside the kitchen , still dress for dinner and deep in think . she then sigh very deeply and decisively as she turn out the light and room by room , the house become dark . 76 ext . jane's house - the next day - 6 p.m. 76 the kid car be in the driveway . 77 int . jane's kitchen - the same time 77 Jane , gabby , lauren and harley be in the kitchen , cooking , set the table , open wine , chat . lauren -- oh , Mom , I keep forget to tell you about we meeting at the stanhope . we go there for lunch two day ago and meet with they wedding specialist .... I think that could be the place , Mom .... jane two day ago you go to the stanhope ... for lunch ? harley yes and guess what ? we see nothing . Jane and harley connect . he immediately look away . lauren what be that suppose to mean ? harley who want wine ? anyone ? ( start pour ) gabby ( look in the fridge ) Mom , you have a insane amount of food in here , even for you . 77 . jane ( take out last night 's roast chicken ) I know you be all go to be here for the weekend so I make a bunch of stuff last night . lauren look like Jake adler 's favorite meal to I . jane ( laugh ) very funny . harley very . Jane look to harley again when they all hear a car horn honk . Jane look out the window and see jake' porsche pull up with luke in the passenger seat . the Girls rush out the Kitchen door . harley see Jake get out of the car and pour himself a larger glass of wine as Jane approach he . jane harley ? just then , luke enter and Jane light up . jane yay !!!! ( hug luke ) luke ( surveying all the food ) Mom , this look amazing . harley and luke hug , talk the talk . ` sup ? yo ... jake ( sheepishly join the group , eye on Jane ) hi. jane ( briskly ) hey . harley take a huge gulp of he wine . jake ( hold luke 's backpack ) where should I put this ...? 78 . jane ( turn she back on he , make herself busy ) wherever . harley watch they interaction tennis match style . Jake look at the table set for five , wish he be join they . he see last night 's dinner , now be serve as leave over . Jane slice the roast chicken . jake that look incredible . Jane look up at he , knife poise . be he kid ? jane thanks . she go at the chicken with the knife , slice off a leg . Jake flinch . harley Jake ? Glass of wine ? jake uh , sure . thanks . harley Jane ? jane ( not look up ) no thank you . Jake 's cell ring . he turn he back to take it . jake ( into cell ) hi ag ... just get here . Jane have a hot flash . start fan herself . jake ( into cell ) okay , I will . yeah , no , I know . ( turn back to the family ) I be sorry guy , I gotta hit it . jane bye-bye . the Girls look to Jane . 79 . jake I have to stop at the market . agness be make some pasta thing and she run out of olive oil . gabby hey , at least she 's finally cooking . jake so ... see everybody at the party tomorrow ... lauren yeah . it 's gonna be so fun . jane ( to lauren ) I tell you I be bring someone , right ? lauren no . who ? jane Adam . my architect . jake you be bring you architect ? jane yes I be . jake like as a date ? jane ( look right at he ) yeah . gabby I like the idea . jane I too . harley yeah , seem like it should round out everything really nicely . ( pour another drink ) nobody want wine but I ? 80 . luke open a cupboard , take out a bottle of olive oil , hand it to Jake . luke here , now you can stay another five minute . ( catch Jane 's eye ) you have three bottle in there . jake janey , can I talk to you privately ? just for a sec . Jane head out still hold the carve knife . harley slip the knife out of she hand . harley there you go .... ( to kid ) somebody 's talkin ' graduation gift . 78 int . courtyard 78 Jane and Jake stand in the courtyard off of the live room . jane what be it , Jake ? what ? jake I do not get not call I back . jane ` Cause I do not care what you excuse be . ( shut the door to the live ) jake she do not go out , Jane . she cancel she plan and every time I try to call or write , she catch I . I want to be here . jane you know what , Jake ? you be worried about rock the boat at home ? well now you be rock my boat and I do not like it . jake ( stop she ) honey , do not let one night ... 81 . jane you do not understand . I be not even blame you . I fully participate in this . but I do not want to do it anymore . the last thing in the world I should be right now be you mistress , sit around at nine at night wear heel and perfume and blow out candle and wrapping everything in saran wrap because you wife cancel she plan . it be cliche and humiliate . jake ( wistfully ) you light candle ? jane oh , shut up . look , I have have a pretty good life this past 10 year . I figure it out and I move on . I no longer feel alone or divorced . I just feel normal . you know how long that take , just to get my balance back ? jake no. jane the point be , I be go in the wrong direction here . but the worst part be ... it 's feel like it use to feel . all the little untruth that be hard to catch but add up ... jake -- janey , c'mon , it be one mistake ... harley ( join they ) -- everything okay out here ? ( Jane and Jake turn ) the kid be gettin ' hungry ... jane yeah . we be do . ( walk away , pause in front of harley ) we be just ... 82. harley ( as she pass ) -- none of my beeswax , Jane . ( once she 's go ) and please never tell I . lauren join . lauren what 's up ? jake nothin ' , punky . ( rub she arm ) lauren ( take Jake back inside ) yeah ? so , we be go to see you tomorrow night , for sure , right ? harley start to follow they out when Jane grab he shirt sleeve . jane okay ... what do you see and what do you know ? harley nothing . really . Jane give he a look that could get blood from a stone . harley ( confess rapidly ) okay , he check in , you arrive , you meet in the elevator , possible kiss there , Doctor go up , Doctor come down , thumb up . that 's it . have no idea what happen in between . jane ( die ... ) have you tell lauren ? harley no and I will not -- luke ( join they ) mom. dad 's leave ... 83. int . house Jane and harley enter from the courtyard just as Jake be about to leave . Jane immediately cross to the table which now have dinner on it . lauren kiss Jake good - bye on the cheek then join the other who be about to sit down for dinner . luke ( from the dining room ) thanks for pick I up , dad ... Jake pause awkwardly at the door . he can not catch Jane 's eye . he wave to the kid , who do not seem to notice then head out . ext . house Jake exit , turn back , look inside the dine room , see he family sit around the table , talk , laugh . he head toward he car as ... jane glance out the window at Jake as he drive off . one of the kid say something , distracting she , and she laugh ... a80 ext . lauren and harley' cottage - the next night a80 harley and luke , on ladder , be string paper lantern across a small patio . lauren cross under they , carry a tray of food and join gabby who be set out drink . omit 81 in the bathroom 81 Jane sit at she dress table , dress for the party . she put on hoop earring -- like the way she look . she open a drawer to take out a lipstick . insert - the drawer sitting among she cosmetics be the joint Jake leave for she . she look at the joint , then look at herself in the mirror . 84 . 82 adam - walking up the path to the house - 15 minute later 82 he look adorable and carry a gift the size of a book . he knock in a playful rhythm . jane answer the door all smile . jane hey .... reverse - on adam very happy to see she . adam hey . you look fantastic . jane I be feelin ' a little fantastic . she open the door a little wider and we now see she 's eat a gi-normous piece of cake . adam ( try not to react to that , enter , hand she the gift . ) this be for you . jane really ? thank you ! come on in . ( take a huge bite of cake ) can you hold this for a sec ? ( hand he the cake plate ) oh my God ... ( take another bite ) -- this could be the best cake I ever make . you want a piece ? it 's like ... beyond ... adam I think I be good . jane ( focus on the gift ) I can not believe you bring I a gift ?! so nice ! 85 . Jane unwrap the gift , turn it around , look at it . jane a appointment book ? adam I sort of assume you do not have one . jane -- because I never remember we ... awww .... adam I take the liberty of fill in we next two meeting . and mark they with post - its and write they in red and then highlight they in neon yellow . jane thank you ! Jane kiss Adam on the cheek just as he be move and the kiss land on he lip . jane sorry . adam I be not . ( do he really say that ? then , he lick he lip ) wow , that cake be good . Jane laugh a little too hard . 83 int . adam be car - moving - night 83 jane so , let I ask you something and please do not think I be weird or out of line or anything ... but do you by any chance poke smot ? adam do I ...?? jane I mean do you smoke pot ?! I have not ask anyone that question since I be twenty - two . 86 . adam uh. no , I do not . but I have . but I do not think I have have any since my kid be bear ... so not in like 27 year . jane oh my God , we have kid the same age ! and I have not have any since my kid be bear either !!! except for tonight . I have one hit off of this . Jane pull the joint out of she purse , just as they pull up next to a Police car . adam you might not want to hold that quite so ... ( nod ) hello Officer . jane ( turn , sees the cop car , gasp and drop the joint , then turn to cop , wave , then : ) I actually know he ! blueberry scone and a latte . ( the cop nod , pull away ) oh my God ! that be horrifying . I instantly see myself in a mug shot . my heart be leaping out of my ... ( then distract ) wow ... this be the most insane dashboard I have ever see . it 's like we be in a cockpit . it 's spectacular . Adam , what kind of car be this ? adam Jane ? jane ( turn to he ) hi. adam do you get this high from one hit ? 87 . jane yes ! I do not know what they have do to pot over the last 30 year but it rockkkkkk ! 84 ext . lauren and harley' cottage - night 84 from outside , we can see lot of folk in the live room . candle dot the path up to the cottage door . several couple and College kid be walk toward the house . 85 angle - behind nearby bushes 85 Jane and Adam be share the joint . Jane take a tiny , lady - like hit , pass it to Adam . jane ( whisper ) do not take too much , it 's really strong . she blow out the smoke . Adam , on the other hand , take a huge hit . adam ( while hold in the smoke ) I have not have fun in almost three year , Jane . ( take another huge hit ) bring . it. on. some college kide walk past the bush . kid who 's get the reefer ? adam ( o.s. ) ( fake falsetto ) no one . keep walk please . the kid laugh . 86 int . lauren and harley' cottage - moment later 86 Jane and Adam , two very straight lace grow up , enter the party , pause as they peruse the crowd . 88. jane how you feel ? adam totally fine . jane I too . Adam start to move to the music insanely well and then just insanely . lauren and harley greet they . Jane greet they back with a huge hug . jane hi ... love you dress . hey harl . harley ( that 's weird ... ) harl ...? jane Adam , this be my oldest , lauren and she fiance , harley . ( giggle to kid ) we be on a date . Adam and Jane stifle laugh . 87 at the bar - wide - moment later 87 Jane and Adam chat with all the kid . look like it 's go great -- Adam be a big hit . on jake - watching from across the room Jake nurse a drink and be not look happy . he see the kid disperse , finish off he vodka , ready to make he move . on jane and adam now alone . they have not see Jake yet . adam ( start move to the music - Jane laugh ) by the way -- how great be this party ? let 's be the last to leave . ( bop to the music then spot jake across the room , seriously eyeing he . ) ( more ) 89 . adam ( cont would ) hey , there 's you ex-husb -- uh- oh . he 's head right toward we . not the time to be " feel groovy " ( dance again when he see Jake in slow -mo get closer and closer ) oooo . why so intense , big fella ? Adam slide a bit behind Jane as Jake arrive with agness who look inappropriately youthful . jake hello Jane .... Adam . adam ( all smile ) hey , good to see you again . jane Adam , this be agness , Jake 's wife ... ( suddenly realize ) now that be a odd sentence for I to say since that be I for most of my life . seriously . how weird be that ? both of we marry to the same man ! agness ( dismiss the idea ) you know ... it 's ... hey , what be you gonna do ? jake yeah , why go there . at this point , Adam get hit with a severe case of the giggle . as the rest continue , he can not keep a straight face . jane because there , be ... fascinating . I mean , when you think about it , it sort of link we in some cosmic crazy way , do not it , agness ? of all the man on the planet , we both say " I do " to this guy . agness yeah . twenty - five year apart . I know you be have like a " ah - ha ' moment , but I think I be gonna get a refill . Adam , good meeting you . 90 . adam ( whisper to Jane as agness exit ) she 's get a really scary tattoo . jake janey , can I talk to you for a quick sec ? Jake nod he head toward the bathroom and head for it . Jane look to Adam . jane he always need I for a quick sec . ( start to exit ) you okay ? adam oh , I be very okay ! 88 int . tiny bathroom - second later 88 Jane and Jake be cramme into a extremely tight space . jake what 's go on ? you be act insane . jane ( whisper giddily ) I be stone . jake what ?! you smoke the joint I give you ? jane you tell I to ! it 's a-maze !!! jake but you be not suppose to smoke it with he , you be suppose to smoke it with I ! jane somebody 's jealous .... jake yes , of course . why should not I be ... you be my ... 91 . jane -- what ? what be I , Jake ? jake you be my ex-wife , lover , oldest friend and girlfriend . Jane blurt out a laugh . jane okay . you be hilarious . and because of that , even though I kind of hate you / love you , I be go to let you have some ... jake you love I ? I mean , I hear " hate " have top billing , but ... Jane take the joint out of she purse , light it up and hand it to Jake . just as she do that , the door open and harley enter , think the bathroom be free . Jake quickly yank he in , shut the door , lock it . harley be now catch between Jane and Jake and a cloud of smoke . harley oh my God , you be smoking weed in the guest bathroom . jake yes we be and we would appreciate it if you do not tell anyone about this . harley no. never . add it to the list . jane Care for a toke ? harley I do not really smoke marijuana . jane ( blow out smoke ) I either . harley okay , one hit . jane ( look at herself in the mirror ) ( more ) 92 . jane ( cont would ) oh , my God . be that what I look like ? 89 ext . backyard patio - moment later 89 a small group be dance to a hip hop song on the patio . Adam and agness be dance together . they be totally into it . Jane make she way to the dance floor as the song end and the Beach boy " would not it be Nice " begin . Jake follow Jane dance he way toward the crowd , spin gabby on he way . Jake take Jane 's hand ... dance with she . harley arrive next to lauren and gabby who watch they parent . lauren they must be hammer . harley or something like that . Adam glance over and see Jane and Jake . adam ( to agness ) sweetest divorced couple in the world ..! agness be surprised by how happy Jake look with Jane . jane ( spot Adam ) hey ..! ( to Jake ) Jake , I be gonna .... Jane and Adam cross toward one another . Jake die a little as Jane leave he , she eye on Adam . Jake do not notice agness be watch he .. Jane , now dance with Adam , look from Adam to Jake then back to Adam and then do not look back at Jake again . Jake be still as he watch the woman he love slip away . agness have she eye firmly on Jake , not miss any of it . 90 int . adam be car - moving - night 90 Adam drive Jane home . clearly the end of a great night . jane wow . fun be not overrate , be it ? 93. adam you know what 's great ? jane what ? adam how much I like you . jane ( really touch ) thank you ... I really like you a lot too .... even though ...oh.. you do not say , " a lot " . adam but I be think it . jane so ... I be not too old for you ? adam how can you be too old for I when I be older than you . jane I just figure all this woman you get fix up with be thirty - five . adam you age be one of my favorite thing about you . ( she appreciate that ) do you think you have any more of that chocolate cake at you house ? jane hungry ? adam starve ! 91 a black screen - light pop on 91 and we be in the bakery at one a.m . Jane turn on a few more light , but keep it a bit moody . adam officially now the best date of my life . pre or post divorce . 94 . jane get out ... all right .... so basically I can make you anything on the menu or even not on the menu . just name it . adam no? really ? okay . ( scan the blackboard menu ) what about a ... warm chocolate croissant ? jane my speciality ! 92 omit 92 int . bakery kitchen jane flour and roll croissant dough as Adam , now in a apron , watch , chat with she . Jane then place the dough in a machine call a sheeter . the dough slide into the sheeter and then slide back out bigger and flatter . angle - jane and adam - two stoner watch the sheeter , mesmerize . next Jane fold the flatten dough , measure it with a yard stick , then cut it into section . she take one of the section , spread it on a marble slab and very quickly cut it into triangle . she 's a whiz at this . then , Jane show Adam how to stretch the triangle of dough .... nervous at first , he get the hang of it . then , Jane teach Adam how to place a bar of chocolate in each triangle and roll it into a croissant . laugh as they work , they make a dozen croissant ... next ... into the oven . 93 int . restaurant - later 93 Jane and Adam sit at a table in the corner , a stack of croissant pile high between they . Music play as Adam take the top croissant and Jane take the next . 95 . adam ( bite into it ) oh. baby . jane ( smell hers ) mmmmmmmm . adam it 's crazy how good this be . jane ( bite into one , nod ) yeah , and I be not even stone anymore . adam neither be i. jane ( happy about that ) oh , then ... merci , monsieur . adam do you remember when I ask you the other night , if you be dating anyone and you say no ... it sound to I like you be maybe say yes . jane I be sort of see someone . but , it 's over now . ( Adam nod ) honestly . adam ` Cause I be not strong enough to fall for someone who 's with someone else . would not be able to take that again . jane I understand . I would not say it be over if it be not . Adam take Jane 's hand in he ... relieved . adam great . Adam turn Jane 's hand over and look at it a bit quizzically . 96 . jane ( explain ) cook scar .... from a very hot batch of caramel ... adam ooooo . what about that one ? jane that one 's from boil sugar ... I be not very skilled in the beginning . and that one be from a large french ... Adam press Jane 's palm to he lip and kiss she scar . jane -- saute pan . Adam then kiss the burn on she forearm . Jane sigh , close she eye . this feel be unexpected . she open she eye as Adam move closer . adam would it be okay if I ...? Jane nod . he kiss she great . adam I be go to say , kiss you . jane I figure . adam if you feel this be in any way wrong because we be work together ... jane ... I do not ... he smile as she fold into he and they kiss and kiss and kiss again . 94 omit 94 97 . int . jane's kitchen - the next day quiet . Jane enter from the garden , hum , " would not it be Nice . " luke enter , still look half asleep in he T shirt and boxer . jane hey sleepy ! what time do you get in ? luke have no idea . lauren and harley drive I home . lauren ( join ) I be surprised you remember that . jane ( turn to see lauren ) hi . I do not know you sleep here . lauren , in a open robe over drawstrings and a tank top , take out a box of cereal . lauren we be play scattagory with gabby and Ollie then harley fall asleep on the couch . harley meander in wear Victoria secret heart pattern pj bottom and a girl 's V -neck T-shirt . luke sweet . harley I get cold in the middle of the night . lauren and Jane laugh . jane okay , who want what ? ( notice gabby enter ) hi baby ... gabby ( look out the front window ) what 's dad do here ? 98 . everyone look out the window and sees Jake sit in he porsche . 96 ext . front porch 96 Jane exit as Jake step out of he car . he look like he 's have a rough night and have something on he mind . Jane cautiously look back at the house . the kitchen window be all open . jane ( quietly ) everything okay ? jake I leave agness . jane no , do not say that . jake she see it my eye , janey . jane saw what ? jake that I be still in love with you . I admit it , I tell she about we and I have leave she . for you . jane no , no , no .... what do you mean ??? Jake , this be crazy ! ( worried the kid will hear , whisper ) be you tell I the truth ? jake ( nod ) this feel so right Jane . as Jane be about to respond , gabby exit the house in she pj 's , look confuse . gabby ( from the porch ) what 's go on ? jane nothing . honey , set the table , I will be right in . 99 . gabby Mom , you be the only one who care if the table 's set . jane okay , then do it for I .... just go in please . luke and lauren join gabby on the porch . luke what 's up , dad ? jake have some problem on the home front , just want to talk to you Mom for a sec . Jane shake she head . why do he have to say that ? harley join the kid . lauren problem on the home front ? be one of you see someone else ? hear that , harley do a swift about face and go right back inside . Jane 's eye widen toward Jake . jake ( off Jane 's cue ) no , it 's nothing like that . I just need to find a hotel or something for a few day `til I get my head together . gabby it 's that serious ? Jake nod . luke Mom , can dad stay here for a few day ? he can share my room . jane I do not think that 's the best idea , luke . gabby daddy , be you cry ? 100 . 93 on jake - tear welling up 93 he turn away from the kid . the tear could be for dramatic effect , could be real . jake I be sorry . all Three kid immediately well up and look at Jane . luke ( begging ) Mom ........ 97 ext . front porch dine area - a little later 97 Jane nervously nibble on she fingernail as the family sit silently around the table watch a ravenous Jake eat french toast , bacon , coffee , side of fruit . his mood have be lift . his energy be in full bloom . jake mommy 's the best cook in the world ! 98 ext . vegetable garden - later that day 98 Jane be work in the garden . a shadow fall over she . she look up , Jake stand before she , a cute smile break across he face . jake thank you for save I janey . jane Jake , you know the kid be all here . should not we have talk about this ? agreed this be the right thing to do ? this be so typical . only think about work for you . jake I be sorry , I guess I should have call before show up . jane -- and I be not sure you even leave agness . maybe she see something last night and throw you out ... 101 . jake what 's the difference ? I be drown over there . I be not go to get that many more chance in my life to figure myself out . janey , let 's use this couple of day to see if we can make this work . jane we can not , Jake . I tell you this the other night . please listen . jake but you be all pissy because you think I stand you up . thing be different now . I be a free man . ( then ) can we just hug ? I hate that you be be so distant . it 's literally give I a pain in my stomach . jane oh , God ... Jane reluctantly hug he . he try to kiss she . jane see ! too much ! jake okay ! good note . Jane can not help but smile . jake can I help with what you be do ? hold you basket or ... jane I be fine .... jake okay ... I be go to go to the video store and get we all a dvd to watch tonight . we will have movie night . just like old time . how 's that ? I will make the popcorn . just then Jane 's cell ring . 102 . jane Fine . ( into phone ) hello ... jake ( whisper ) I love know I be come back here . jane ( nod , turn slightly ) oh , hi ... I sleep great . how `bout you ? Jake wait , but realize Jane 's not go to turn back . 99 int . family room - jane's house - that night 99 the adler be watch the Graduate . the light be low . Jake , shoe off , hand everyone bowl of popcorn . Jane sit in a club chair . harley 's on the floor and the adler kid be on one long sofa , all cover in a blanket . Jake hand they popcorn then squeeze back in , between the Girls . on the flat screen - buck henry and dustin hoffman buck henery be you here for a affair , sir ? dustin what ? buck henry the singleman party , sir ? Jane cringe as the kid laugh . she look over at Jake snuggling between the kid , all eat popcorn and laugh . he catch Jane 's eye and mouth . jake i'm so happy !!! 100 ext . jane's house - later that night - EST . 100 103 . 101 int . house - same time 101 Jake , bare legge and wear a robe and slipper , cross to the kitchen where he find luke and gabby digging through the fridge . jake any leftover ? gabby be you kid ? ( take out a armful of tupperware ) jake any of that noodle thing leave ? ( gabby hand it to he . ) where 's Mom ? she disappear so fast after the movie . gabby she 's probably sleep . luke I think she 's on she computer . they all nibble out of tupperware , lean against various counter . luke tonight be weird . gabby so weird . still be . jake I love tonight . gabby yeah . that 's why it be so weird . just see you in you robe in we kitchen . remember when you be not even allow in . Mom use to go out to the car to talk to you ... luke ( hand gabby he tupperware ) you know , I do not even really remember you and Mom as a couple . 104 . jake what do you mean ... you be ten when we break up . luke I be eight actually and I do not know ... it 's all foggy to I now . jake you do not remember we in Hawaii or all sleep in that tent in the backyard . luke yeah , of course , but I do not remember like you and Mom hugging or waking up together ... Jake grab he heart , moan . luke -- it 's okay . I be not damage or anything . you have be good parent ... gabby speak for yourself dude . I be definitely damage from the divorce . harley and lauren enter . lauren turn the tea kettle on . lauren hello troops . jake why be you still here ? lauren I do not know , you and Mom sleep in the same house . harley think we should stay . Jake turn he beam on harley . harley she exaggerate . I just think perhaps you might want to talk later , or ... be that the noodle thing ? jake oh. sorry . I think I eat it all . 105 . gabby dad ! jake I do not know anyone want any . 102 int . jane's bedroom - a little later 102 Jane , sit on she bed , talk to Adam via isight . on she laptop screen , we see Adam but he 's a bit of a blur . jane wait , I can not see that one . can you back up a little ? close on jane's lap top screen - adam in he bedroom he back up from the lens and model a rather ridiculous ski sweater . jane ( hmmm ) very festive ... adam o-kay . thank you . ( into lens ) gift from my ex-sister - in-law . have no idea why I keep it . ( pull sweater off ) into the pile . hey , check out the pile , Jane . Adam point he laptop to the floor to show a huge stack of old clothes . jane Nice ! ( then ) hey , the pile 's move .... adam Murphy , get out of there ! a small mutt scurries out of the pile . Jane laugh . adam ( re-enter in a odd shirt ) what about this ? I be in India and I have it make . ( more ) 106 . adam ( cont would ) the guy run out of fabric so he do not make I long sleeve . ( look down ) or short sleeve . it 's weird . jane and kinda girly . adam ( take it off ) not what I be go for . ( hold up a sweater ) Gray sweater . very old . jane but cute . adam ( slip it on ) you sure ? you do not have to say you like it just because you nix the last 20 thing . Jane like this man . jane keep it . it 's cozy . Boy , you have a lot of clothes . adam ( look at the floor ) uh , not anymore . okay , we be almost do . you be help I so much by the way . jane -- Adam , I really have to pee . adam oh good . I too . meet you back in thirty .... ( lift the laptop ) put this on my desk .... on jane's side just a shot of Jane 's pillow on she bed . jane's voice I be not in there ... on adam' side - a isight frame of a empty desk chair . 107 . adam' voice can not hear you . 103 int . jane's bedroom - wide - same time 103 Jake poke he head in , look around , see no one in the room . he hear Jane in the bathroom and enter quietly , quickly squirm out of he boxer and T-shirt , then , drop he robe , and lie on he side , on the bed , completely nude -- elbow up , palm support he head -- a smile on he face . he change he smile to a smoulder . Jake hear water run . suddenly modest , he quickly drag over the open laptop and place the open screen in front of he private . he smile , ready to be discover . jane a104 dry she hand at the bathroom sink . a104 104 int . adam' bedroom - same time 104 Adam cross through the room on he way to he laptop . 105 jane enter her bedroom , sees jake and let out a scream . 105 simultaneously , adam plop down in he desk chair , look at he screen and instantly yank himself away in disgust . adam mother of -- ( look again ) ahhhhhhhhhhh !!!! Jake look down at the screen , sees adam' scream face and scream back . jane what be you do in here ?!!! adam ( cover the screen with he hand ) get it off !!! jake ( cover himself ) I want to see you . 108 . jane why be you naked !?! jake ( sit up straight , the lap top shoot even more directly at he groin ) why do you think ? adam okay , I be gonna be sick . Jake leans in , cover Adam 's eye on the screen , which , of course , do nothing . adam not work ! Big close up ! Jake rise , now he ass get the close up , he bend over to get he robe . adam okay ! good night ! Jake spin the laptop and the isight lens land on jane . Jane and Adam look at one another . no time to say anything . she 's desperate . he 's lose . the door fly OPEN , the kide rush in , just as Jake tie he robe . gabby everybody okay ? no one say anything . lauren what 's happen ? Adam listen , he eye on Jane . Jake cross to Jane , face the kid . he walk in and out of the isight shot . jake okay . let I explain . the reason I leave agness be not just because my marriage be not work . ( the kid wait ... ) I have also fall in love ... back in love ... with you mother . or maybe I never stop loving she . gabby be this a joke ? 109 . jake I know this be shocking , but I think this be the best thing that 's ever happen to I . you Mom and I have be see each other , on the side ... ever since New York . lauren Mom , be this true ? jane ( die ) that part be , but .. jake I find my way back home . I just hope she will take I back . gabby break down in tear . lauren put she arm around she . Jane start to cry , look at she laptop , just as she hear a click and the laptop screen goe black . jake why 's everyone cry ? why be not this good news ? lauren because we be still get over the divorce . luke Mom , be you and dad get back together ? jane no ... we be not . Jane look at the kid with incredible sadness . 106 ext . driveway - later - that night 106 the kid , in they car , drive down the road , away from the house . Jane stand in the driveway , watch , never before feel quite like this . Jake exit the house , hold he bag . he stop , look at Jane . she have nothing leave to say . Jake get in he car and pull away as Jane walk back inside . 107 omit 107 110 . 108 ext . pool area / backyard - middle of the night 108 Jane lie on a pool chaise , wrap in a blanket , tissue in hand . she stare up at the night sky and as she eye flutter shut , we drift off of she ... dissolve to : 122 omit 122 123 ext . jane's pool / backyard - early morning 123 camera drift across the pool to jane , asleep on the pool chaise , still wrap in a blanket . the sprinkler go off and wake Jane . she open she eye , look around , realize she 's spend the night outside . Jane sit up too fast , a tad disorient , then quickly realize what she must do . 124 a front door open to reveal harley 124 bed -headed and still in he pj' . he approvingly look at Jane , who stand across from he , ready to right it all . harley glad you be here , boss . 125 int . cottage - continuous 125 harley lead Jane down the narrow hall to the bedroom . harley now I know you do not need my advice Jane , but ... jane I get this one ... harley I know you do . Jane pause , harley nod for she to go inside . jane's Pov - inside the bedroom her Three kid be under the cover . lauren be between gabby and luke . they look like they just wake up . 111 . Jane stand in the doorway . the kid do not say a word . Jane do not wait . she cross to the bed , sit on it , look at she child . jane know how to be divorced be next to impossible ... and sometimes over the year , I have think that you dad and I be not quite finish . and , as it turn out , we be not . so I go out of my comfort zone , which , I find out , if you be really honest with yourself , be not all that comforting . so , I experiment with a part of myself . I want to find out if , after all this year there be still something there between we . lauren and be there ? jane there kinda be . lauren smile with she eye . gabby but Mom , you have to understand how bonker this sound to we . for two people who for year could not be in the same room together ... to then have a affair ??? you and dad ...! jane I know ... it be hard for I and I be do it . I hope you ' will forgive I for confusing you or betray you trust , but I do this for I and for he and I realize even though you dad and I once have something extraordinary ... we no longer really fit together . but he be a part of I and always will be . luke so it 's over now ? you guy be back to be divorced . jane for better or for worse . 112 . lauren take she Mom 's hand . harley join they , sit on the other side of the bed , hold back tear . harley Group hug ? and as they all move into hug , we : CUT to : 126 a moving Pov - int . architecture office - day 126 reverse on jane walk through Adam 's firm . she arrive at : 127 adam' office 127 Adam be on a phone call . adam ( into phone ) yeah no problem ... we can definitely do that ... ( notice Jane ) -- James , can I call you back , someone just ... thanks . ( rise ) hi. jane hi. May I come in ? adam -- sure . jane I do not call you last night because I be not sure you would take the call and then I think that could go on for month and ... adam -- I would have take the call . jane oh. well , anyway , it 's better to say this thing in person . Adam , the man I be see be ... adam I think I be up to speed on that part . 113. jane I want you to know it do not last long and you be divorced , so maybe you understand , when marriage end , there 's doubt and hurt , and you have get kid and sometimes you wonder if you do the right thing and when the moment present itself ... adam -- I get it . I could imagine it ... I could ... jane I tell he it be not go to work between we but I guess he do not believe I and unbeknownst to I , he show up at my house yesterday . he leave agness and ... adam -- Jane . I actually think I understand what happen but ...uh... you know I be not as macho as I appear and I think it 's probably best for we not to get any more ... involved because you relationship with Jake be not really do and I know you be say it be , but he 's in love with you and for everyone 's sake , that should probably get resolve . jane wow . so that 's how grow up talk . Adam smile . jane please tell I you be not go to quit my job and ask Peter to take over because then I will never get to see you and ... adam I be think of ask Peter to step back in . jane oh ... I hope you do not ... adam thanks . 114 . 128 omit 128 129 ext . road to jane's house - late day 129 Jane drive home , when she notice Jake 's porsche in she driveway . she get out of she car , find Jake sit on the bench swing hang from a large oak in the front yard . Jane cross to Jake . he move over . Jane see the humor in this gesture and sit on the swing with he , let out a sigh . side by side , they swing in the late afternoon breeze . jake I be sorry . Jane do not answer right away . jane how far back do that sorry go ? jake how far back do you need it to go ? jane Way back . jake consider it a all inclusive apology . from not be the husband you need to show up nude on you bed last night . jane yeah , what be you think with that move ? jake that you would find I irresistible . Jane turn to he , she eye warming up to he . jake never consider the alternative . jane gotta love that about you . they swing some more . 115 . jake oh , man , can not believe I get up to bat again and blow it . jane you do not blow it . we blow it . we blow it the first time around . this time ... we just should have know better . too much have happen . too much time have pass . jake and you do not think we could make it right ? jane do that mean you do not feel it be totally right either ? jake be with you Jane be the best I be gonna be . jane but do you agree that it be not really ...? jake it be complicated . jane begging for a answer . jake I think it be good . I want it to be good . jane guess that 's as close as I be gonna get . jake do you always have to be so hard on I ? jane no . I do not . jake I do not regret give it another shot . 116 . jane probably would have be better if you have not be marry . jake it may never have happen if I be not marry . Jane look at Jake , know how true that be . they sit , side by side , as they sway in the breeze . jane I do not regret it either . they continue rock , not much more to say . as camera pull away , we : dissolve to : 130 ext . jane's house - many morning later 130 it 's raining . truck be pull into the driveway as lumber be be take off of a truck and cover in tarp . Jane exit the house in a parka and under a umbrella . a group of construction guy be huddle under a make- shift tarp . Jane cross toward they and as the group open to face she she spot Adam , hold blue print . Jane be stunne he 's there . adam good morning . jane good morning . adam do you know it 's good luck to start building in the rain ? jane really ? adam ( obviously lie ) yes . it 's a well know , very good , really lucky omen . Thunder rattles the sky . 117 . jane ( look up ) good , I could use one . ( then ) would you all like to have you meeting in the house ... it 's dry and I have get hot coffee ... the Group thanks she and head for the house . Adam stay back and walk next to Jane . it 's a long second before someone talk . adam Jane , I need to ask you something ... jane anything ... adam you would not happen to have any of that amazing chocolate croissant , would you ? jane oh .... you like that , huh ? adam I have incredibly fond memory of they . jane I do not have any here , but we could go into town and get some ... right out of the oven . they turn toward the house and on they back we hear : adam you want to do that ? jane yeah ... love to . and as they walk away from camera , we : slowly fade out