it 's kind of a funny Story written for the screen by Ryan fleck & Anna boden base on the novel by ned vizzini ext . brooklyn STREET - night craig gilner ( 16 , handsome , but awkward ) glide on he bike toward the Brooklyn Bridge . he be the only one on the street . a rhythmic beat heart be the only sound we hear . badoom badoom badoom the heartbeat increase in pace as Craig near the bridge . ext . brooklyn bridge pedestrian path we float behind Craig as he approach the bridge 's first tower . Craig be still the only person there . badoom badoom badoom he arrive at the tower , step off he bike , and look out over the East River . badoom badoom badoom he climb up onto a steel girder . walk to the edge , over the speed traffic below , then out over the water . badoombadoombadoombadoom silence ... lynn ( 0.s. ) Craig !? Craig look behind he to find he mother ( lynn , early 40s ) , father ( GEORGE , mid 40s ) , and little sister ( alyssa , 8 ) all stand by he bike . lynn what be you plan to do with you bike , honey ?! craig I do not care about my bike ! I be kill myself ! GEORGE but we spend a lot of money on that bike , Sport ! we only ask that you take care of it ! alyssa think of I , Craig ! I might want that bike when I grow up ! craig I be sorry , I just do not think -- lynn that 's right , honey , you be not think of we when you decide to do this , be you ? GEORGE pretty selfish , I would say . have you think about how this might affect you sister ? alyssa I will be traumatize for life . Craig stare at he family for a beat . craig I be sorry , I - - a car horn blare and Craig flinch , blind by the oncoming headlight . he lose he foot on the thin metal plank . he slip and fall as he family watch in horror . craig be Pov : hurl down toward the water below . at the moment before impact , the frame freeze a few foot above the water -- craig ( v.0 . ) this be the moment where I usually wake up in a sweaty panic . angle on craig 's anguish face freeze in time . craig ( v.0 . ) but for some reason ... this time be different -- the Pov frame resume action and Craig plunge into the water . title : '' it 's kind of a funny story '' ext . argenon hospital - dawn Craig lock he bike to a rack in front of a illuminate emergency room sign . he turn towards the hospital . overhead the sky be illuminate by a pre-dawn glow . super : '' sunday : day 1 '' int . emergency room Craig wander into the bright , fluorescent - light room , approach the nurse at the registration desk . craig hi ... I want to kill myself . unphase , the nurse hand he a clipboard . nurse fill this out , please . int . emergency room waiting area - not much later Craig wait near a ear-infected kid , when he attention shift to the slide door . a man , dress in blue doctor 's scrub , saunter in with a cup of coffee , take a seat ( unusually close ) next to Craig . he be bobby ( late 30 , semi - bald ) . Craig do he best to ignore he , until ... bobby hey . Craig turn to he . upon closer inspection , he appear a bit too dishevel to be a doctor or nurse . he look at Craig with a unhinge intensity . bobby you gotta cigarette ? craig uh ... no . sorry . bobby what 's wrong with you ? craig I just do not smoke . bobby no , I mean why be you in the e.r. at five o'clock on a Sunday morning ? craig ( hesitant ) well , um , there 's be a lot go on in my head lately . bobby go on . craig okay , well , um ... I do not really know how to describe it . like there 's a girl ... bobby yes . craig and , you know , this summer school application I have be nervous about . bobby summer school . craig yeah , it 's like this super prestigious -- bobby -- why would you want to spend you summer in school ? Craig stare at Bobby for a beat . bobby you should be at coney Island bird dogging chick on the beach . craig be you a doctor ? bobby what do you think ? craig you do not really seem like a doctor . bobby ever hear of doogie howser ? Craig stare at Bobby , try to make sense of the question . bobby ( stand up ) I hope they fix whatever 's wrong with you . craig thanks . Bobby stalk off , disappear around a corner . int . e.r. doctor 's office - later dr . isaiah mahmoud , a e.r. resident ( indian , early 30 ) take Craig 's blood pressure . dr . mahmoud how long have you be feel suicidal ? craig I do not know ... I have be depressed for about a year now . think about it a few time , but never like this . never so ... real . dr . mahmoud do anything specific happen today that might have trigger this feeling ? slight push in on Craig ... craig ( v.0 . ) sometimes I wish I have a easy answer for why I be depressed . my father beat I . or I be sexually abuse . but none of that stuff have ever happen to I ... it be just a normal Saturday . int . aaron 's bedroom - earlier that day Craig and he friend lounge around the room , listen to Aaron 's record collection . there be : aaron ( not particularly good - look , but supremely self - confident ) , he girlfriend nia ( a ultra-hip , tightly - clad cutie ) , ronny ( a 1990 hip - hop throwback ) , and scugg ( jew -fro ) . ronny cough , exhaling smoke , and pass a joint to Aaron , who cuddle next to nia on the bed . everyone talk animatedly , except for Craig , who stare at nia , longingly . ronny he practically have to strip search I to find it . it 's like , dude , you be a security guard at a rock concert . why be you take you job so seriously ? nia he probably just want some free weed . aaron how much do they get ? ronny a eighth . but it be worth it . apw be the bomb . aaron it be pretty joke ... but oh-eight be off the hook . craig I need to go . aaron what -- you be leave ? I do not even play saucerful of secret yet . craig yeah , I just ... scugg do not bug Craig . he 's in the Craig zone . ronny yeah , he 's Craig -ing out ! they all laugh . Craig force a chuckle . ext . brooklyn bridge - day Craig ride he bike over the bridge , stop to answer he phone . craig hey ... int . aaron 's bedroom - day nia playfully push Aaron off she . nia hey Craig . I forget to ask you to cover for I tonight , in case my parent call or whatever . craig oh ... you be stay over aaro n's ? nia I tell they there be some school sleep over . they be a little suspicious , so they might call . craig no problem . Craig hang up , look out over the East River . int . craig be dine room - night Craig 's family sit around the table for dinner . GEORGE hey there , craiger . how 's the Franklin Gates application come along ? Craig stare at he dad for a beat , then vomit on the table . alyssa Gross . Craig 's parent look to he , concerned . craig ( to Lynn ) I be sorry . lynn ( with Dr. mahmoud 's voice ) Craig ? anything you can think of that may have set you off ? int . argenon hospital - e.r. doctor 's office - present Dr. mahmoud wait for a answer . craig um ... no . nothing unusual . dr . mahmoud be you take any medication ? craig Zoloft . but I stop . dr . mahmoud do you doctor take you off the medication ? craig no . I just stop on my own . dr . mahmoud oh ... you should not do that . craig yeah , I know . dr . mahmoud do you parent know where you be ? Craig shake he head . dr . mahmoud well , Craig , you do not seem to be in immediate danger to yourself , so I think we should call you parent , tell they what happen , and refer you to one of we out - patient service . craig but I need help now . the hotline say you would help I . dr . mahmoud I understand you be upset , but the people we admit to the hospital be very sick . craig I be too . can not you , like , give I something ... dr . mahmoud not without parental consent . look , this be serious business , Craig . we very rarely take in patient you age . I think it would be best if we try to handle this without -- craig okay , maybe I be not explain right ... how serious . see , my school be really -- and not just my school -- it 's like I throw up sometimes because everything feel like it 's building up . and everyone else seem like they be totally handle everything -- like my friend , right ? Aaron and nia -- they be both so ... but not I . I like sweat all the time . I be sweat now , be not I ? Craig wipe he forehead , catch he breath . craig you know what I mean ? Dr. mahmoud do not move . craig I be scared , okay ? I can not go back out there ... I do not know what ... I might do something ... I just need some help . please . I need you to help I . Dr. mahmoud stare at Craig , concerned . he think it over . insert : Dr. mahmoud sign the admittance form . int . hospital corridor - day we follow nurse smitty , a thin , bearded hippy - look dude in blue jeans , as he lead Craig off the elevator . Craig notice a sign on the wall read adult psychiatric with a arrow point to the right . smitty lead Craig towards a set of heavy double door label three NORTH . smitty flash he id , and the Three North security guard buzze they inside . after they pass through the threshold , the door shut , and the lock echoe through the corridor . on craig , peer over he shoulder at the prison- like metal door . int . three NORTH registration office - minute later a cute , West -indian nurse , monica , sip coffee behind the desk . nurse smitty shuffles papers nearby . monica welcome to Three North , Craig . let 's go over some rule . first rule of Three North : we do not talk about Three North . this grab Craig 's attention . smitty crack up . monica just kid . smitty that get I every time . Craig force a smile . craig what exactly be Three North ? monica we adult psychiatric floor . craig oh , but I be only sixteen . monica we teen floor be undergo renovation , so all teens be here with the adult . craig oh ... monica and you will be expect to act like one while you be with we . Craig nod . monica so , start tomorrow , you will be follow the schedule and participate in the group activity . she hand Craig a sheet of paper . monica we floor have a point system , whereby patient get privilege for participate in activity and meal , and lose privilege for non - participation and / or act out . insert : a schedule outline the hour-by-hour itinerary for the week . include thing like : breakfast , vital , therapy ( gp . # 1 ) , art & craft , bingo , lunch . monica in the meantime , we will contact you family , and they can bring over a change of clothes , toothbrush , that kind of thing . craig um , well , I do not think I 'il be here that long . I have school tomorrow , so ... monica and smitty exchange know glance . monica you 'il have to discuss that with Doctor minerva . now , very important ... do you have any sharp object on you ? pocket knife ? key ? Craig hand she he key . monica good . we will need you cell phone and belt , too . and you shoe lace . craig shoe lace ? monica we can not take any chance . Craig hand over he phone and watch as monica seal it inside a plastic bag with he key and shoelace . int . three NORTH - east corridor smitty lead Craig ( minus shoelace ) down the hall . they pass several other patient , include a tweaked - out man wear a oversize backstreet boy t-shirt . he make a zapping noise in Craig 's direction . smitty spot a woman in a professional skirt suit approach . she be dr . eden minerva ( late 40s ) , the staff psychiatrist . smitty hey , Dr. minerva ... dr . minerva hey smitty . smitty this be we newest patient , Craig gilner . dr . minerva hi Craig . how be you ? craig um ... just , like ... you know ... dr . minerva you just get settle in . we ’1ll talk later , okay ? Nice to meet you , Craig . smitty and Craig continue down the hall , where a patient , jimmy , smile to Craig . he have one tooth . jimmy do not worry , it will come to ya . smitty good morning , Jimmy . Craig nervously step past Jimmy . craig what be that about ? smitty Jimmy 's schizophrenic . craig be there a place here for people more like I ? smitty we have all kind of patient here . ( call 0.s. ) Bobby , my man ! camera track in on bobby -- the same guy who sit next to Craig in the e.r . as he glide down the hall in slow -mo Craig get a better look at he . no longer wear doctor 's scrub , Bobby sport a well - wear grey wool sweater . set eye and rough edge betray a hard - live past . smitty how ' bout a tour for we new friend , Craig , here ? bobby sure thing , babe . smitty Bobby x11 show you around while we fix up you room . see you guy in a jiff . smitty split and Craig follow Bobby . bobby what 's a jiff ? craig a jiff ? bobby this guy , smitty , be always like , '' do this in a jiff , that in a jiff . '' craig I think it just mean , like , a short period of time . Bobby do not seem to care about Craig 's answer . craig so , be this like a mental ward ? bobby not a ward , a hospital ... they turn a corner out of sight . int . dine room / rec room Bobby lead Craig into a large multi-purpose room , where ten or so patient be scattered about . bobby we spend a lot of time in here . right there you get you dining room situation ; rec room area be over there . they get a record player , but everything 's scratch . Craig notice a ping - pong table by the window . bobby folk play table tennis sometimes . do they tell you about the point ? craig for ping -pong ? bobby some people call it ping -pong , but I think that trivialize the sport . Craig nod . bobby but I be talk about the other point . you need be for privilege , like hang in the rec room , trip to the gift shop , shit like that . Craig make eye contact with a white - bearded guy , roger , who appear to stare straight through Craig into another dimension . bobby hey , man , if you be really interested , you can join they . craig join they ? uh , no , I be cool , thanks . bobby cool Craig . copy that . let 's move . int . hallway - outside the shower room Bobby point out a slide latch on the door . bobby okay , this be the shower . it do not have a lock , see ? so when you be inside , you put this to occupy . Bobby slide the latch back and forth , alternately revealing vacant and occupied . craig I get it . bobby sure , babe , but nobody else do , so they 'il walk right in while you be scrubbin’ you nut . Craig crack a smile , follow Bobby down the hall . int . NORTH corridor - continuous Bobby and Craig emerge around the corner . bobby there 's one in the other hall too , but I would not use it . it bother Solomon . craig who 's Solomon ? no answer . they approach a pay phone near a bench . bobby this be where you call people -- if you get people . or they can call you too . Bobby gesture to the tv room behind a glass window . bobby tv room be here . int . tv room Craig notice a teenage girl ( 16 ) , wear a iggy pop t- shirt , seat at a table in the corner . she be noelle . she glance up from she notebook , revealing several scar from cut on she face . Craig stare at she for a beat too long . noelle ( alarmed ) oh , my God ! be you okay ? Craig quickly check himself , but can not find anything wrong . he look back to noelle , who shoot he a subtle grin and get back to she notebook . Bobby crack up , lead Craig away . int . NORTH corridor craig who be that ? bobby noelle . one of the teens . do they tell you about the renovation ? craig yeah . bobby how old be you ? craig sixteen . bobby Jesus , I think you be older . you look too stress for sixteen , man . you should try to relax , maybe get a girlfriend , or sump be . craig I be work on it . Bobby shoot Craig a crooked smile . craig so what do you do here , exactly ? bobby same thing you do . craig you be a patient ? what be you do in the emergency room this morning ? bobby the er have the best coffee . craig they just let you out ? Bobby smile , put he finger to he lip , make a shushing sound . craig what be you in for ? Bobby hesitates , and Craig sense the inappropriateness of the question . craig uh ... sorry . Bobby stare at Craig , size he up . bobby Bet you room 's ready . let 's find smitty . int . three NORTH patient 's room - day the light flick on to reveal a man burrow under bed cover in the corner . smitty muqtada , it 's almost lunch ! wake up , you have a new roommate . muqtada , a gray- bearded egyptian man , do not move . craig hey . no response . smitty ( quietly , to Craig ) do not take it personal . he do not talk much and he 's never leave the room ... okay , guy , lunch in five . smitty exit , and Craig sit at the edge of he bed . craig what do they have for lunch ? muqtada grumble something incomprehensible . craig I be sorry ? muqtada take the blanket and put it over he head . Craig survey the room . this be not quite what he have in mind when he ask for help . after a uncomfortable beat , he go to the door . muqtada please , turn out light . Craig oblige , leave the room . int . three NORTH - east corridor Craig accost Dr. minerva , who be now do round with a staff of intern . craig Dr. minerva . look , I be , uh ... ( fake casual ) I be feel much better now . I be feel bad this morning , but I think I be okay now . so , um , you know , I have like to go home . if that 's cool . Dr. minerva leaf through papers on she clipboard , find Craig 's form . dr . minerva it say here you be suicidal and ask to be admit . craig I think you guy would be able to do something quick . like give I some medication to make I feel better . I do not think I have be ... commit . I really do not think I belong here . dr . minerva a lot of patient feel that way at first . just give it a little time . craig how little ? dr . minerva five day . craig five day ? dr . minerva definitely not more than thirty . we ’l1l have a evaluation to see if you be ready to leave Thursday . craig but I can not be here until Thursday ! i’‘ 1ll miss school . my friend will find out where I be ! dr . minerva it 's nothing to be ashamed of , Craig . Depression be a medical illness . if you be diabetic would you be embarrassed by that ? craig well , can I at least talk to my mom about this before -- dr . minerva of course , Craig . I just speak with she myself , and she 's very anxious to see you . Dr. minerva nod and smile to someone behind Craig , then drift away . lynn ( 0.s. ) Craig ! Craig turn to find he mom run at he follow by George and alyssa . she nearly tackle he with a hug , and we freeze - craig ( v.0 . ) do not blame my parent for how mess up I be . okay , so my dad work too much ... angle on George , freeze in time , message on he blackberry . craig ( v.0 . ) and my mom 's a little out of touch . angle on Lynn , she face oddly contort as she hug Craig . craig ( v.0 . ) and my sister 's some kind of child genius . angle on alyssa stare straight ahead without emotion . craig ( v.0 . ) but it 's not like I be never hugge as a child or anything . in fact , they have be pretty supportive through all this . they be always on the lookout for new way to fix I . the follow sequence present the various way they have try to fix he in the past . Craig maintain the same deadpan expression throughout ... int . craig be bedroom - day a chinese acupuncturist apply needle to Craig 's back , while he mom look on . int . craig be bedroom - another day Craig and he dad attempt to do sit-up on some kind of enormous rubber work - out ball . Craig fall off . int . craig be bedroom - another day Craig practice bikram yoga with he mom in 105 degree heat . he 's drench in sweat , but not quite feel the vibe . int . craig 's bedroom - another day on a ping - pong table that barely fit inside he small bedroom , Craig serve to he dad , who slam the ball back at he . Craig do not move . back to three NORTH craig and he family in present time . the still frame resume action . lynn we know you be go through a hard time , but we have no idea you be ... that it be ... I be so proud of you , honey . craig you be ? lynn this be the bravest thing you have ever do . you make the right decision come here . craig oh , really ? because I be kind of have second thought ... lynn we talk to the doctor and they need to keep you here for a few day . for observation . I think it 's a good idea . craig but I do not think you understand . some of the people here be seriously mess up . like I do not think my roommate 's leave the room in week . GEORGE what do you expect ? it be a mental ward . lynn George . craig it 's not a ward . it 's a hospital . lynn it 's just five day , honey . craig they tell I at least five . lynn well , we think it be best to leave it up to the doctor 's discretion . I mean , we have try , but ... this people be professional . they know how to help you in way , well , that maybe we can not . Craig watch Lynn as she take a deep breath , try hard to hold herself together . lynn it seem like a nice place . right , George ? GEORGE yeah , when can I join ? alyssa I too . can I stay too ? lynn we can visit , honey . craig they take my cell phone , so some people might try to call the house . please do not tell they where I be . Lynn nod , hand Craig a small duffel bag . lynn here be some clothes and toiletry . let we know if you need anything else . GEORGE and I bring this ... in case you have some free time in here . George hand Craig a stack of academic-look form . Craig tentatively take they . Lynn shoot George a hard look . lynn but do not worry about that application stuff right now . just get some rest . try to eat something . int . dine room - lunchtime a serve of curry chicken be place on Craig 's tray . Craig wince . server want broccoli ? craig ( v.0 . ) sometimes I have trouble eat . int . slooters restaurant - flashback - night super : 1 year ago Craig , George , Lynn , and alyssa eat dinner at a corner booth . craig ( v.0 . ) the first time I experience stress vomit be at slooter downtown . GEORGE hey , Craig , how 's you intro to Wall Street class ? Craig vomit on the table . his family stare in shock . craig I think I be depressed . craig ( v.0 . ) ever since , my eat have kinda become a litmus test for how well I be do . back to craig in the dine room tray in hand , Craig survey the room , find a empty section between a group of teenage girl and a table of grow man ( Bobby among they ) . Craig sit in the neutral territory , at the far end of the girl 's table . there be three : jennifer have black hair with a blue streak in it ; she 's a pretty hot teen transvestite . becca be a big girl . noelle be the third . Craig stare at he food for a beat . he can not help but overhear the girl play some kind of game , list off name . jennifer Hunter Thompson . becca Virginia woolf . noelle Ian curtis . becca who ? noelle dude from Joy division . hung himself . jennifer kurt cobain . becca Freud . jennifer cobain to Freud ? becca drug addict . jennifer Nice . okay , um ... Ernest hemmingway -- ( off they blank look ) Old man beard . they laugh . noelle salvador allende . jennifer Jesus , girl , can you pick somebody we have hear of for once ? noelle chilean president . shot himself rather than surrender to a fascist military coup . becca I do not think that count . noelle of course , it count . jennifer if he be go to die anyway , it do not count . noelle ( to Craig ) hey , new guy . craig I ? noelle no , the other new guy . what 's you name ? craig ah , Craig . noelle well , ah Craig , what do you think ? do salvador allende count as a celebrity suicide ? Craig stare at she in disbelief . noelle hello ? craig um , I do not ... bobby hey , kid ... do not get catch up in the girl 's morbid mind game . come eat with the man . Craig look back and forth between the two intimidating group . jennifer do not worry , Craig . who know ? maybe one day you will make the list . Craig stare at the giggle girl , then slide a few foot closer to Bobby 's table . Bobby introduce Craig to the other . bobby Craig , meet my old pal johnny . Craig nod to johnny ( mid 30 with a 1950s rock - a- billy hairdo ) . bobby and this clown be humble . humble , a pudgy former kojak stand - in , nod hello . he speak with a mouth full of food . humble you gotta girlfriend ? bobby he 's workin’ on it . humble they get some cute one you age . johnny I have a lotta woman in my day , kid . craig yeah ? johnny you do not have to act so surprised , but yes , yes I have a lotta woman . and , no , I be not the best look cat on the street . but you wanta know the secret to keep any woman under you spell ? Craig eagerly await the answer . johnny I love you . humble that 's it ? johnny that 's it . but it do not hurt if you can play guitar . bobby do not mess with the kid 's head ; he 's already screw up enough . humble why you so screw up , kid ? craig um ... bobby mind you business , humble . humble that 's cool . but you should know , Craig , if you do not open up , you be not go to heal . humble slide away . the other continue eat , but Craig have not touch he plate . bobby what 's the pot up to ? johnny eleven . bobby eleven ? yesterday we have twelve . johnny humble eat a buck . bobby humble eat a buck ? johnny the professor bet he a dollar he would not eat it ... he win . bobby what be the world come to ? bunch of freak . craig what 's the money for ? bobby pizza party . we be sick of eat this crap . they say we can have one , but we gotta pay for it ourselves ... craig I have eight dollar . bobby well do not go brag about it , Craig . people in here do not have anything . learn to show some humility . craig oh , I do not mean -- bobby -- do not worry about it . you be young still . smitty stroll behind Craig , notice he uneaten food . smitty you get two point for eat , Craig . Craig stare at he plate . tries a bite . throw up . everyone stare at Craig in shock . noelle smile . craig sorry . int . dr . minerva 's office - day close on Dr. minerva 's breast behind a rust red sweater . she 's look at Craig 's file , off -screen . Craig glance up from she breast , note how the shade of she lipstick match she sweater to perfection . dr . minerva so Craig , how be you adjust to Three North ? craig uh ... okay , I guess . dr . minerva Dr. mahmoud write that you be take Zoloft , but go off it three week ago . be that right ? craig yeah . dr . minerva do you see a therapist ? craig Dr. yanof prescribe I the Zoloft . I see she every , you know ... month or so . dr . minerva why do you stop take it ? craig I guess I feel better . like I do not need it anymore . dr . minerva maybe that 's because it be work . Craig shrug , smile awkwardly , as Dr. minerva scribbles something in the file . dr . minerva can you describe for I how you be feel right before come here this morning ? Craig shift uncomfortably in he chair . craig I dunno . depress ... anxious ... stress . dr . minerva have you be experience more stress than usual lately ? Craig nod . dr . minerva any reason in particular ? craig well , there 's this Franklin Gates summer semester thing that my dad -- well , that I really want to get into . the application 's due in a week and I have not even look at it yet . dr . minerva why not ? craig it 's like , every time I think about it , my mind start this cycle thing about not get in . dr . minerva what would happen if you do not get in ? camera push in on Craig , who shoot we a subtle glance . craig ( v.0 . ) what would happen if I do not get in ? int . school library - day close on blank extracurricular section of application . craig ( v.0 . ) then I would not be able to put it on my college application . which mean ... int . ivy league classroom - day track past row of college - age student to 16 year - old Craig , eagerly raise he hand . professor ( 0.s. ) Mr. gilner . craig ( v.0 . ) .-- I would not get into a good college . college craig ( answer he professor ) but not even Adam Smith could have foreseen the inequity of modern capitalism . int . white house PRESS room - day push in on Craig ( still sixteen ) behind the presidential podium . craig ( v.0 . ) if I do not get into a good college , I would not have a good job . president craig well , I be glad you ask that , helen . diffuse the situation in Iran through unilateral diplomacy be my top priority as Commander in Chief . ext . white house - day a MTV crib episode explore Craig 's presidential home . Craig , wear a silk and fox fur bathrobe invite the video crew through he front door . craig ( v.0 . ) which mean I would not be able to afford a good lifestyle . int . martini bar - night a dapper Craig , sport a armani suit and sunglass , toast martini glass with he glamorous girlfriend . craig ( v.0 . ) so I would not be able to find a girlfriend . int . craig be bedroom - day rain pour down , as a sad Craig stare at the cloud through the window . craig ( v.0 . ) which mean I would probably get depressed . int . craig 's three NORTH bedroom - day close on Craig in bed , stare off . craig ( v.0 . ) so I would not be able to get out of bed . we zoom out to reveal Craig curl in fetal position on mugqtada 's bed . craig ( v.0 . ) and I have end up like muqtada in a place like this for the rest of my life . Craig turn to the camera . craig so -- what would happen if I do not get in ...?! int . dr . minerva 's office - day Craig stare at Dr. minerva . a bead of sweat drip down he forehead . he give a shrug and awkward smile . craig I dunno . it 's hard to explain . she hand he a tissue to wipe he sweat . he do . dr . minerva well , do you have anyone you can explain it to ? Friends ? family ? craig um ... I have friend ... and family . but it 's not always easy ... dr . minerva it 's important to have a support system . people you can really talk to . Craig nod , wipe he forehead again . dr . minerva have you be experience any symptom ... other than sweat ? craig eat . I have problem eat . I can not , you know , keep it down . Dr. minerva take more note . dr . minerva so we will get you back on the Zoloft , and you will start group activity tomorrow . we ’1ll check in again on Tuesday . do you have any question ? craig if I be , you know ... feel better , you think I can get out of here , like , tomorrow ? I have school and this application , and -- dr . minerva five day , Craig . minimum . this might feel like a strange place at first , but try to make the most of it . we 'il hold you evaluation on Thursday . Craig nod , look out the office window to the bustling Brooklyn street - life below . title over black : '' monday : day two '' craig ( v.0 . ) it 's Monday ... int . craig' three NORTH bedroom - day Craig 's eye pop open in bed . he look over to muqtada , snoring loudly in the bed next to he . craig ( v.0 . ) I should not be waking up next to some depressive middle - age egyptian dude . int . shower room - day Craig awkwardly extend one arm , keep the door shut , while the other lather up he body . craig ( v.0 . ) I should not be shower on a co-e floor in a stall without a lock . Jennifer attempt to enter the room , wear a shower cap , but Craig 's security arm force the door shut . int . meds station - day we track along a line of adult patient , down they med in dixie cup . we stop on little Craig at the end of the line . craig ( v.0 . ) I should not be lining up for med behind schizophrenics and sociopath . int . dine room - day Craig stare at he breakfast burrito . craig ( v.0 . ) it 's Monday ; I should be in school ... but I guess that 's what get I here in the first place . ext . 1950s B & W stock footage bore white - bread High -schooler go to class . craig ( v.0 . ) when my parent go to school , they just go to the one close to they house . make sense , right ? a lot of place be still like this : Cleveland , probably Denver . but not New York . ext . classroom - day craig ( v.0 . ) you have get school for science geek like -- we track along a complicated physics equation on the dry erase board , stop on a science geek who turn to camera -- science geek bronx High School of Science . int . school auditorium craig ( v.0 . ) school for thespian ... two teen actor rehearse on stage , while a young director address we from the balcony . director La guardia High School for the perform Arts . ext . school parking lot craig ( v.0 . ) do-gooder . Young activist walk the picket line hold sign , while they teen leader address we . do - gooder El puente Academy for peace and justice . ext . executive pre -professional high school craig ( v.0 . ) but the most competitive of all New York City Public school be this one . executive pre-professional . my school . track in on dignified portrait of gerard lutz craig ( v.0 . ) this billionaire philanthropist name gerard lutz set it up in conjunction with the public school system . int . epph hallway - day camera float down the hall with kide pass in and out of frame on the way to class . craig ( v.0 . ) so it 's not some private school for elite upper-east-siders . you can be on welfare and food stamp or you parent can own a island in the South Pacific . it do not matter . Craig emerge from the group , stare into camera . craig you ’1ll be accept as long as you be one of the 800 smartest , most accomplish student in the five borough . int . epph library - day flash on a young indian girl seat at she desk . she glance up from she book , Noam Chomsky 's '' hegemony or survival . '' super : sahara patel - sat : 2380 gre : 1530 ( 5.5 write ) lsat : 174 mcat : 42 ( S write ) flash on a young african - american kid . he glance up from he book , darwin 's '' Origin of species . '' super : jame howard - 3 time winner of the f. Gates Young genius Trophy ( 2003 , 2005 , 2006 ) flash on a white hipster kid - Craig 's friend , Aaron , read from Joe sacco 's graphic novel , '' Palestine . '' super : aaron fitzcarraldo - winner of the inaugural Edison Young inventor Cup ( 2006 ) ; 2 time winner of the f. Gates Young genius Trophy ( 2002 , 2004 ) ; double badminton Olympic gold medalist ( 2008 ) flash on 14 - year-old Craig . he read from the book '' be more chill . '' super : craig gilner - we hold for a beat , then ... craig ( v.0 . ) there must have be a serious clerical error , because somehow ... I get in . int . aaron 's apartment - night - flashback seat on the floor around a enormous scattered record collection , Aaron and nia look off -screen at Craig . aaron / nia ( in unison ) I too . Aaron and nia exchange surprised look . aaron / nia ( again in unison ) you too ? they crack up laugh . nia playfully punch Aaron 's arm and we freeze -- craig ( v.0 . ) that 's my best friend , Aaron , get flirt - punch by nia for the first time . there be many more of that . follow by hand-hold ... a51 b51 csl 51 flash on a still frame of Aaron and nia strolling a51 through the hall , smile and hold hand as if ina mentos commercial . craig ( v.0 . ) kiss ... flash on a still frame of Aaron and nia smooching in the b51 school stairwell . craig ( v.0 . ) ... and eventually ... sex . flash on a blank white screen . c51 craig ( v.0 . ) I do not like to picture that one . back to original flirt - punch still . 51 craig ( v.0 . ) what I would give to be flirt - punch by nia just once . the frame resume action . Aaron and nia stare at each other for a extend moment before Aaron go in for the full flirt- tackle . craig ( v.0 . ) and so it begin ... CUT to black . int . dine room - day Craig stare at he food , unsure . next to he , humble and johnny eat as they flip through a motorcycle magazine . johnny look at that flame ! I always want a harley with big red flame . humble point out the girl on the bike . humble you can have the bike . I just want the beaver . johnny hey , Bobby , check out this bike . bobby I do not get catch up on a bunch of stuff I can not have . johnny relax , it 's just for fun , bro . aaron ( 0.s. ) yeah , what 's you prob , Bob ? we pan over to Craig 's friend , Aaron , seat next to Bobby . of course , he be only there in Craig 's imagination . aaron it 's just for fun . life be fun . and easy . and you can have that thing . woman , harley , perfect test score . you just need the brain and the ball to go get be . ( take a bite of breakfast burrito ) mmm , this be good . we pan back to Bobby . bobby it 's not fun ; it 's propaganda . telling I I need all that - nice clothes , car , hot chick ... craig ( v.0 . ) .-- iphone , jordan , skinny jeans , zit cream , self esteem , abs of steel , chicken soup for the soul ... bobby but I could give a shit about all that . humble notice Craig 's untouched tray . humble you gonna eat you burrito , Craig ? craig naw . I be not hungry . you can have it . humble reach over , grab the burrito . bobby put it back , humble . humble he say I could have it . bobby Craig 's gotta eat too . put it back . humble take a hike , Bob , he 's not hungry . Bobby charge across the table , grab the burrito , and put it back on Craig 's tray . Craig stare at the tear and knuckle burrito . craig um , thanks , Bobby , but I be really not -- professor I will eat it ! waddle in from a nearby table , the Professor quickly grab the burrito , put it on she own tray . humble hey , I call it first . humble lunge for the burrito , but the Professor try to shield it with she body . johnny Nice burrito block ! bobby it do not belong to either of you ! craig really , guy , I do not think ... Bobby intervene , snatch the burrito , but not before the Professor sneak a quick bite . smitty approach . smitty people calm down . everyone quickly settles in they seat . professor ( with mouthful of burrito ) I do not do nothin’ . humble it be my burrito . Bobby hand what 's leave of the mashed burrito to Craig . craig it 's really okay . I do not need it . Bobby stare at Craig for a beat . bobby Fine ... Bobby drop the remain of the burrito on humble 's tray . bobby ..- what do I care ? do not eat . Bobby take he own tray , walk off . Craig exchange awkward look with the other . smitty you guy know we have like fifty burrito in the kitchen ... int . rec room - day the patient sit in a loose circle around Dr. minerva . Craig observe silently , sneaking occasional glance at noelle , seat on the opposite side of the circle . dr . minerva I understand there be a incident this morning . would anyone care to talk about it ? something involve a breakfast burrito . johnny ? johnny it be between Bobby and humble . ask they . dr . minerva I be just interested in hearing it from a impartial observer . johnny well , if you want my opinion , I think Bobby 's be on edge because of he interview and he 's lash out because he 's nervous . dr . minerva interesting observation , johnny . bobby yeah , johnny , you know my hemorrhoid be flarin’ up again . make sure everyone know about that , too . jimmy hemorrhoid ! it will come to ya ! some laughter from the patient . Craig smile , sneak a peek at noelle across the room . she 's not pay attention . dr . minerva Bobby , it 's okay if you want to keep you feeling private , but you should know it 's perfectly normal to be nervous about you interview tomorrow . bobby I be not nervous about the interview . humble then what be it , Bob ? professor maybe he 's hungry . humble he do not look hungry . becca he look tired . johnny do you sleep last night ? professor he do not eat today . humble yes , he do . professor do you see he eat ? humble I be pretty sure he eat . johnny I do not see he eat . becca I get anxious when I be tired . bobby okay , listen ! everybody turn to Bobby . I be not hungry . I be not tired . it 's this damn sweater . my interview be tomorrow and it 's all I have to wear . johnny ( low to minerva ) I tell you it be the interview . humble it 's a nice sweater , Bob . bobby no . it be not . it smell like a old woman 's armpit in July . johnny but it look good on you . bobby yeah , it look about as good on I as you hair on you . dr . minerva Bobby , no insult , please . suddenly self - conscious , johnny run he hand over he head . craig I can loan you a shirt . noelle and the group turn to Craig . dr . minerva what be that , Craig ? craig I nil call my mom , have she bring one of my dad 's shirt . it 's no problem . I live like two block away . bobby no thanks . johnny Bobby ! take the shirt . humble yeah , he 's tryin' to help , Bob . dr . minerva it 's a very nice offer , Craig . Bobby , why be you reluctant to accept it ? bobby look , I do not need any handout . dr . minerva it 's not exactly a handout , Bobby . he have just be loaning it to you . there 's nothing wrong with accept help from each other . bobby okay , fine , will you leave I alone if I take the shirt ? dr . minerva do you want the shirt , Bobby ? bobby yeah , I want the shirt . dr . minerva Craig ? craig do you mind if it have yellow armpit stain ? Bobby stare at Craig . craig sorry , dumb joke . noelle snort out a laugh . int . three NORTH - NORTH corridor - later that day Craig wait for the community phone , which Bobby be use . bobby ( flustered ) okay , but look , look , look . I want to see she . yes , I be she father , do not you think I have ... no ? I have a place ... I will have a place ... Thursday ... you do not have to believe I , but it 's true ... it be true . I be not -- look , just bring she . please . I do not ask you for anything . I just want to see my kid ... after watch Bobby for a beat , Craig feel something brush by he , turn to see noelle disappear around the corner . he look down to find a fold piece of paper at he foot . insert of note : that be nice of you earlier . meet I tonight 7:00 pm . bench outside rec room . a54 b54 c54 d54 Craig glance up from the note . Bobby be now go and the phone be free . Craig enter he number into the voice mail system , a54 wherein we split - screen with nia . she 's on she cell in the bathtub . nia hey , Craig , it 's I , um ... the image freeze -- craig ( v.0 . ) here 's the thing ... she 's probably not in the tub right now , but whenever I talk to nia , this be how I picture she . it 's kinda sick , I know . the image resume action . nia you sound kinda weird earlier , so I just want to make sure you be do all right . okay , that 's it . I be with Aaron . he 's be a total dick . bye . Craig hit another button , wherein Craig 's science b54 teacher , mr . reynold replace nia . wearing protective eye - goggle , he fill a smoking beaker with blue liquid . mr . reynold hello , Mr. gilner , this be you science teacher , Mr. reynold . we really need to talk about you miss lab assignment . five of they . Craig hit the button again , wherein Aaron replace c54 Mr. reynold . he 's in the bathtub with nia . aaron yo Craig , I be stay at nia 's tonight . I need you to cover for I if my dad call . holla back , son ! Craig hang up , notice a old , academic - type lady wait for the phone nearby . she be '' the professor . '' he quickly dial ... craig hey , nia . what 's up ? we intercut between Craig and nia in she bedroom . d54 nia just finish my Gates summer app . I will freak if I do not get in . craig yeah ... nia what 's up with you ? craig uh , I have just be feel kinda , you know ... nia yeah , I have notice ... be that why you be not in school today ? craig yeah ... like I have be feel pretty shitty , so ... I stay home . nia I get like that sometimes , too . depress or whatever . do you take anything for it ? craig what do you mean ? nia you know ... craig um ... nia look , I have never tell anybody this . not even Aaron . so you have to promise not to tell he . but if it make you feel any better ... I be on prozac . craig really ? nia yeah , for like over a year now . craig I have no idea . nia I know . it 's a little embarrassing . craig ( summoning he courage ) I take Zoloft . nia shut up ! craig I do . nia we be so screw up ! craig like partner in mental illness . nia the illest . as they both laugh , a hasidic jewish guy , down the hall toward Craig . his hospital big for he , so he have to hold they up at solomon I be Solomon . Craig cup the receiver , try to quietly solomon solomon , dash pants be way too all time . shush Solomon . I would ask you to please keep it down . I be try to rest . Solomon race away , struggle to hold up nia Craig ? who be that ? craig um ... he pants . the Professor approach , tap Craig 's shoulder with she cane . professor Excuse I , will you be much longer ? craig ( whisper ) one second , please . nia be everything okay ? craig yeah , I be just ... nia be you like in a crack de or something ? Jimmy stroll by , repeat ... jimmy it will come to ya ! do not worry , it always come to ya ! nia where be you ? craig I gotta go , nia . bye . nia Craig ? Craig hang up , turn to the Professor . craig all yours . he exit frame and the Professor eye he suspiciously before pick up the receiver and examine it . int . three NORTH - waiting area - day Craig approach little alyssa and Lynn , who be hold he dad 's shirt . they hug . craig thanks , mom . lynn you dad 's at the office deal with a client crisis , but he will be by tomorrow . craig client crisis ? alyssa have you make any friend yet ? craig um , yeah , I guess . alyssa ( look past Craig ) be you friend with the tranny ? craig not really . lynn tranny ? Lynn cock she head to see Jennifer check out at the registration desk down the hall . she 's wear a coat and carry a small suitcase . Jimmy , linger nearby , call out at full volume . jimmy transvestite ! Jennifer turn in they direction , yell down the hall . jennifer schizo ! alyssa and Lynn stare ahead , uncomfortable . craig do you talk to my school ? I really do not want they to know I be in a place like this . it could really damage my future . lynn we just tell they you be in the hospital . nothing specific . craig good . the last thing I need be for people to find out I have be institutionalized . I be talk cataclysmic disaster the proportion of which have no limit . lynn okay , Craig . get it . int . bobby 's room Craig lean into the room , look around . nobody there . he carefully lay out the shirt on Bobby 's bed , notice a photo of a young girl at he bedside . as he examine it closer ... bobby ( 0.s. ) hey , what 's goin 's on , babe ? Bobby walk in from the hallway . craig oh , sorry . I be just bring you the shirt . bobby ( be : the photo ) she 's cute , right ? craig yeah . be she yours ? bobby ( nod ) Veronica . like the elvis costello song . Craig stare at Bobby , clearly not aware of the song . craig how old be she ? bobby eight and three - quarter . that 's what she say . Craig smile . craig well , good luck on you interview . what 's it for , if you do not mind I ask ? bobby it 's for a group home . I basically need a place to live when they kick I outta here on Thursday . craig kick you out ? bobby insurance only cover a certain number of day here , so come Thursday , I be go . whether I get a place to sleep or not . craig wow . I guess you be under a lot of pressure , then . bobby I mean , it 's not like a summer school application , but yeah , I guess ... Craig smile . craig let I know if you need somebody to practice with , or something . bobby what do you mean ? craig like a practice interview . so you be better prepare . bobby yeah ? craig yeah . wanta try ? bobby yeah , okay . now ? craig yeah , sure . ( as interviewer ) okay , um , have a seat . bobby wait , hold on . Bobby grab the new shirt , turn he back to Craig , and button it up . he spin around , ready to go . bobby okay , let 's do it . they sit on opposite bed , face each other . craig okay , let 's see ... why do you think you be qualified to live in this group home ? bobby well ... I guess because I 'il be homeless if you do not accept I . Craig stare at Bobby , not sure where to go from here . craig okay , good . I think you be ready . bobby really ? I do not sound too desperate ? craig no , it be very sincere ... but maybe you could try to focus on the positive thing you would get from the experience rather than , you know ... bobby the negative . craig exactly . like what do you think you can bring to the home ? something special only you can offer . Bobby think hard . craig it can be anything . maybe you have a great attitude ? bobby ( shake he head ) no. craig you always clean up after yourself ? bobby not really . craig you know what ? I think maybe sometimes in this situation it 's okay to bend the truth a little . bobby I would not want to raise anyone 's expectation and then disappoint they . craig that 's it ! you be pragmatic ! right there . that 's what you tell they . bobby ( smile ) yeah ? craig yeah . I think you 'il do great . bobby thanks , babe . you up for a match of table tennis ? craig um , I be actually pretty terrible at it . bobby relax babe . it 's just for fun . int . rec room - minute later Bobby hold the ball , address Craig on the opposite side . bobby we play a lot around here , but the problem be most people be too zonk out on they med to compete . Bobby serve to Craig 's partner , Roger , but the ball just bounce past he . after a beat , Roger swing for it . Craig can not help but laugh . int . three NORTH - NORTH corridor - evening Craig sit down on the hallway bench across from the rec room . look to the wall clock , which read 6:58 . nearby , johnny talk on the telephone . johnny no , but -- I never say that thing . she 's a liar ... please , baby . baby , baby , please , listen , listen .... johnny notice Craig nearby , pause for dramatic effect . johnny ... I love you . you know , I love you ... that 's right . sure . do not worry about it . of course , I forgive you , baby . johnny give Craig a thumb up and a smile . Craig look on , awed by he mastery of woman , when ... . -- noelle approach . Craig play it cool , as she take a seat next to he . noelle you come . craig yeah . I mean , like , I have other plan , but I cancel they . noelle good . I think I mighta scared you off yesterday . craig oh , yeah , celebrity suicide . kinda weird . Craig notice several old scar on noelle 's forearm , peak out of she bunched up sleeve . see this , noelle subtly pull she sleeve over she palm . beat . noelle okay , check it out ... we be gonna play a different game now . craig okay . noelle I ask you a question and you ask I a question . craig do we answer they ? noelle it 's up to you , but no matter what , you have to finish with a question . here we go ... you ready ? craig I think so . noelle I say finish with a question . be you stupid ? craig uh , no ... be you ? noelle there you go . do you think I be gross look ? craig no , you look awesome . noelle what 's you question ? craig why would you invite I here ? noelle I think it be nice that you loan Bobby you shirt . do not you think this be a good way to get to know someone ? craig sure . have you play this before ? noelle not in here . be you a virgin ? craig so ... how long have you be here ? noelle oooh , nice transition , Craig . twenty - one day . who bring you here ? craig I check myself in , I guess . kinda by accident . the suicide hotline say to come . why be you here so long ? noelle they think I might cut myself again . why would you call the suicide hotline ? craig I guess because I do not actually want to kill myself ... even though I kind of do . do that make sense ? noelle nod . noelle so , why do you kind of want to kill yourself ? craig Depression ... stress . have you ever hear of the Franklin Gates University -- noelle -- scholastic summer semester ? yes . so you mess up the application or something ? craig no , I mean , I have not even start yet . noelle finish with a question . be not it due on Friday ? craig geez . do you have to remind I ? noelle sorry . so be you some kind of brain or something ? craig I work hard , but I be not that smart . I get bs. how about you ? noelle I do not care too much about school . the teacher think I have a problem with authority . where do you go ? craig executive pre-professional . you ? noelle delfin . you be not some kind of school uniform perv , be you ? craig you guy wear uniform ? noelle see , I know it ! ( flinching ) be there a bug on my face ? Craig examine she face , find a loose eyelash near she eye . he hold it up for she to see . craig make a wish . noelle think for a beat , blow it away . craig be the game over yet ? noelle sure . Craig lean back , take a deep breath . craig what do we do now ? noelle be you still play ? craig no ... be you ? they both laugh . noelle jump to she foot . noelle I ' 1l race you to art and craft . noelle take off down the hall at full speed . Craig watch she for a second , then give chase . as they pass smitty ... smitty hey , no run , please ! int . rec room - minute later joanie , the recreation director , address the class . joanie this be free period art recreational therapy for you latecomer . the room full of patient turn they head toward Craig and noelle , just now take they seat in the back . Bobby crane he neck , whisper over he shoulder to Craig : bobby cool Craig . still workin’ on it ? craig it 's not what you think . bobby call I crazy , but I think you guy be probably out there play the question game . craig oh , then I guess it be what you think . bobby think so . joanie stroll up to Craig , introduce herself . joanie I be joanie , the recreation director . craig Craig . joanie material be on the table , Craig . craig oh , that 's okay . I do not really draw . joanie sure you do . it do not have to be representative . it can be abstract . craig that 's okay , I 'il just -- joanie turn to the class . joanie everyone ? we new guest , Craig , have what we call a artistic block . he do not know what to draw . humble how about beaver ? joanie humble , we do not draw the sort of beaver you be talk about . humble oh really ? humble hold up he draw of a actual beaver . joanie that 's a very nice draw , humble . Roger , from Saturday 's ping - pong match , call out in general : roger Rolling pin ! joanie what be that , Roger ? that 's very good . what do you say ? but Roger clam up , will not repeat it . craig ( to noelle ) this be weird . noelle she will not get off you back until you draw something . anything . I bet you have some crazy stuff in that mess up little mind of yours . we zoom in on Craig 's eye , and enter he brain , which be a elaborate maze of wind river and road . we travel through Craig 's animated mind village , until ... .+.we emerge out of a fireplace into ... int . craig 's live room - flashback Craig 's Mom , lynn , and dad , GEORGE , watch Bill Clinton 's state - of- the-union address on tv . a live room tent / fort be illuminate by a flashlight behind they . super : brooklyn , 1999 inside the fort . five - year-old Craig struggle to trace a map of Manhattan . frustrate , he crumple the paper . little craig shit ! outside the fort . Lynn and George exchange glance . back inside . Lynn peak she head in to find 16 - year -old craig , in too-small jammy , look piss off . lynn Craig , honey , what 's the matter ? craig I can not do it . five year old and I be already a failure . lynn what can not you do ? craig I can not even trace Manhattan on trace paper . trace paper ! be you kid ? lynn Craig , you can not just trace freehand and expect it to be perfect . craig why not ? lynn you be five year old . craig that 's no excuse . mozart compose three major symphony by the time he be five . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) he 's right , ya know . lynn Craig , listen , I have a idea . instead of try to trace map of Manhattan , why do not you make you own map ... of imaginary place ? five -year-old craig be back . he look up to he mom as we push in to cu . what a great idea ! craig ( v.0 . ) that be the close I would ever come to a epiphany . a60 the camera enter Craig 's draw , swerving through a60 street and around corner in he imaginary city , until ... b60 ..+.we pull out , above the draw . Craig 's hand b60 enter frame , put the finish touch on he new creation . we be back in three NORTH at present time . joanie look like somebody get unblocked . professor that be extraordinary . humble what be it ? several patient gather around Craig 's draw . becca it 's so pretty . bobby not bad . look like a brain . craig yeah ... it 's a brain map . Craig turn to noelle , but she 's go . however , she 's leave a impressive draw of a orchid with a short note : nice meeting you craig . see you wednesday . same time , same place . smitty ( 0.s. ) Craig , you have a phone call . A64 int . three NORTH - NORTH corridor community phone - minute later Craig pick it up . craig hello ? int . aaron 's apartment - night Aaron scream into the phone ... aaron be this the loony bin !? Aaron crack up , and we freeze on he mangle expression . craig ( v.0 . ) okay , I have be put this off , but I guess you should know more about my best friend , Aaron . he 's the kind of guy that life just come easy to . int . epph classroom - day track down a row of student receive they grade test - 94 , 97 , 96 , 98 ... Craig get a 82 % , and Aaron score a 103 % . craig ( v.0 . ) he 's get a 4.6 gpa ! I do not even see how that 's possible . and he ’11l probably get into the Gates summer Program , and claim something like ... ext . epph courtyard - day Aaron be juggling apple in front of he many friend , but turn to address the camera while keep the apple revolve in only he leave hand : aaron I do not even apply to that thing . they totally recruit I . whatever , it will look good on my college apps . he get back to juggling two -hande for he friend . craig ( v.0 . ) not that he have need it ... his extracurriculars be out of control . I mean Aaron do everything . flash on aaron slide into home during a baseball A64 game . Craig be among the fan in the bleacher . b64 c64 a65 craig he play sport . flash on a dark screen room , where Aaron be b64 watch a old film noir from the 1930s , however ... ... on the screen , in classic trenchcoat - noir regalia , Craig emerge from a dark shadow , turn to we in the audience ... craig he start a film society . flash on Aaron connect a shiny , futuristic cable c64 from he record player to a laptop computer . Craig appear in a quicktime window in the corner of the screen . craig ( address we from the computer ) he invent that adapter thing that convert vinyl album to mp3 . nia enter the room , start make out with Aaron . mid - smooch , Aaron reach for he computer mouse , close the quicktime window with a click . craig ( v.0 . ) I just could not compete ... int . NORTH corridor commmunity phone - present Craig speak into the phone . we intercut between a658 the hospital and Aaron 's apartment . craig how have you get this number ? aaron my girl give it to I . what 's it like in there , dude ? craig how do you know where I be ? aaron c’mon Craig , we go to the same school . I do a reverse number search . craig be there a class for that ? aaron seriously , how have you end up in adult psych ? do they serve beer in there ? Craig hear laughter , and then ronny , jump on the line . ronny dude , can you get I any vicodin ? more laughter , but nia protest . nia guy , leave he alone ! Aaron muscle the phone away from ronny . aaron seriously , Craig , what happen ? craig I do not know . I have a bad night . aaron what do you mean , a bad night ? craig I be just , you know , feel ... aaron dude , you just need to chill more . you problem be you never chill . I be gonna be chill tonight ; where you gonna be ? craig here . I be gonna be here . aaron do not be a girl . you know if I be in a mental ward , you have call I up and give I shit . craig it 's not a ward ; it 's a hospital . aaron what 's the difference ? craig you seriously do not know ? they be , like , two completely different -- aaron -- ohmigod , Craig , there be so nothing wrong with you ! craig yes , there be . I be depressed . I take pill for it ... ask nia . aaron ask nia what ? nia Craig ! craig forget it . maybe if you be not such a dick , people would talk to you more and you would know this kind of stuff . aaron dude , be this some kind of pity play for my girlfriend ? craig yo , Aaron . aaron what ? pause . craig fuck you . Craig slam down the phone , crush he finger in the process . he grimace in pain , as Solomon approach . craig I know , keep it down , I be sorry . his point make , Solomon retreat back down the hall . int . craig' three NORTH bedroom - night Craig stumble in , fall into bed . muqtada stir . craig I do not have any friend . a beat . muqtada this be very tough thing to learn . Craig look to muqtada , surprised to hear he respond . after a beat , muqtada roll over in the other direction . int . epph classroom - day we slowly track in on a teacher at she desk , as student turn in they franklin gate summer school application . the teacher thumb through they all , then address the class ... teacher huh ... seem here someone neglect to turn in they Gates summer application . who be it that do not want to study at Franklin Gates this summer ? or eventually get into a good college ? get a good job ? have a good lifestyle ? get laid ? I do not understand why anyone would want to end up depressed , alone and homeless ... in a psych ward ... sleep next to some asocial reject name muqtada !? int . craig 's three NORTH bedroom Craig 's eye snap open in bed . title over black : '' tuesday : day 3 '' int . three NORTH - NORTH corridor - day Craig lumber slowly down the hall , when he hear a woman yell with increase volume . as he approach the tv room , he peer inside ... int . tv room a woman scream at Bobby . his daughter , veronica , who we recognize from the photo , watch in silence , while Roger observe nearby . johnny linger just outside the room . woman what 's the matter with you ?! bobby please lower you voice . woman how can you let you child see you like this ? what kind of father be you ? Bobby stare at he daughter across the table . she can not look he in the eye . woman I swear it have be better for she if you be dead . but you can not even get that right . smitty hurry into the room with Solomon follow after . smitty Excuse I , miss , you be go to have to leave now . woman waste of my time . the woman grab the girl by the hand and lead she out . smitty you okay , Bobby ? Bobby nod , force a smile . bobby yeah ... sorry about the noise , sol . as Bobby exit the room , Craig try to avoid eye contact , but Bobby put on another smile . bobby ( to Craig ) my accountant ... check a wrong box and the bitch go nut . Craig chuckle , awkward . as Bobby continue down the hall , Craig approach johnny . craig what be that about ? johnny his ex . they make each other a little crazy . you know how it be with woman . craig yeah , sure ... woman . int . three NORTH tv room - day George and Lynn visit with Craig . Jimmy stare out the window in the background . GEORGE I talk to the admission guy at Gates and he agree to give you a extension . lynn but you should focus on get well , honey . try not to stress about it . Craig look off . GEORGE um , yeah , that 's right . do not stress about it . craig there 's a guy in here . Bobby . he 's the one who borrow you shirt . he have a interview today . for a place to live . he have a kid and if he do not get in , they could be homeless . George and Lynn exchange uneasy look . craig make the Gates application seem pretty insignificant ... GEORGE well , I be sure you will not be homeless if you do not get in , but that do not mean it 's not important . lynn George . craig do not you have a client in crisis somewhere ? beat . George stare at Craig . jimmy it 'il come to ya ! lynn yes , it will . thank you . they all sit in tense silence . int . rec room - day close on a piece of paper label '' franklin gate personal essay . '' it be blank , except for a series of impressive doodle in the margin . Craig scribbles on the sheet as he sit alone in the rec room . his attention drift to the door when Bobby enter , wear the borrow shirt on he head like a turban . he look totally deject . Craig watch as Bobby tumble onto the couch and scream into a pillow at full volume . he thrashes around on the couch like a child have a temper tantrum . after a few beat of this , Bobby roll over onto he back , make eye contact with Craig . hold , as Bobby 's breathe steady . nobody move . bobby I blow it . craig what happen ? once again , Bobby scream at full volume , but this time he be not muffle by the pillow . Craig look on , perplex . smitty and two male attendant rush in , struggle to restrain Bobby and usher he out of the room . int . dr . minerva 's office - day Craig sit across from Dr. minerva . dr . minerva how do it make you feel ? see Bobby like that . craig I be scared ... not that he be go to hurt I or anything . just see someone lose it like that . it remind I of how I feel sometimes . dr . minerva how 's that ? craig like I be on the verge of just blow up . all the stress , pressure , anxiety bubbling up inside of I . but I have never be able to , you know , let it out like that . I just keep it inside . dr . minerva have you always feel that way ? craig well , not when I be a kid . a76 b76 dr . minerva tell I about it . craig what do you mean ? dr . minerva tell I about be a kid -- about a time you remember just be happy ... carefree . Craig think back ... craig there be one day back in eighth grade ... ext . coney island - winter flashback - day Craig and Aaron , both a couple year young , ride they bike along the desert boardwalk , laugh , have a ball . craig ( v.0 . ) it be not that long ago , but time feel different back then , like there be more of it . we spend the morning at coney Island . ext . sandy beach Craig and Aaron run through a gaggle of seagull , cause they to take flight . ext . boarded - up carnival game they race each other down the empty alleyway . craig ( v.0 . ) afterwards , we ride we bike through Bay Ridge .... flash on Craig and Aaron cruise by a pizza joint a76 in Bay Ridge . craig ( v.0 . ) ...- sunset Park ... flash on the duo eat tamale from a tamale vendor . b76 craig ( v.0 . ) ..- Park slope ... c76 d76 e76 f76 flash on they fly by a gang of yuppy mother , c7v6 push stroller . one of the mom yell at they to slow down . craig ( v.0 . ) ... downtown Brooklyn ... flash on Craig and Aaron buy a bootleg lil Wayne CD d776 off a local STREET vendor . craig ( v.0 . ) .-- Brooklyn Heights ... flash on they roll along the Brooklyn Heights e76 promenade . craig ( v.0 . ) .-- all the way to the Brooklyn Bridge . flash on the two of they roll over the Brooklyn f76 Bridge . they pull over to the edge , lean over , and simultaneously spit on the taxi below . they crack up like two kid without a care in the world , until Aaron get distract by something over Craig 's shoulder . craig ( v.0 . ) then everything change . follow Aaron 's gaze , Craig turn around , see ... ... a teenage girl eyeing Aaron from a few foot away . Aaron smile at she . back to dr . minervan office . craig Girls , grade , parent , two war , impending environmental catastrophe , a fuck up economy ... all this thing seem to come out of nowhere , like on the same day . Dr. minerva smile . dr . minerva Craig , there 's a say that go something like , '' Lord , grant I the strength to change the thing I can , the courage to accept the thing I can not , and the wisdom to know the difference . '' a78 b78 craig so ... dr . minerva so , let 's talk about you parent . craig you think I can change my parent ? dr . minerva no , but I be a psychiatrist . I have to ask you about they at some point . Craig smile . craig they be good people . they do they best , but ... okay , take my dad . I just see he today . and , like , he know I be in here cause I be stress out , but he still bring up the Gates application . it 's , like , get a clue , dad . there 's something bigger go on here . dr . minerva and what 's that ? Craig think for a beat . craig I be not sure yet . but it feel big . int . three NORTH - NORTH corridor community phone - night Craig listen to he voice message . first up , a78& split -screen of nia , again in the tub . nia hey , Craig , I be sorry Aaron be be such a dick . he 's so arrogant and insensitive . we might totally break up over this . call I . bye . Craig hit a button , and he goggle science teacher , b78 Mr. reynold , replace nia . he 's dissect a cow heart . mr . reynold hey there , Mr. gilner . look , buddy , I hear about what 's go on , you know , where you be ... and I want you to know we can postpone the lab until whenever you feel ready . just hang in there . c78 d78 78 Craig hit a button , and Aaron replace Mr. reynold . c78 he talk on the phone as a harem of hot girl look through he massive record collection in the background . aaron hey Craig ... hope you be not still mad about yesterday . it 's be a rough day for I . nia and I break up . anyway , hope you be feel better . I be out . Craig hit a button , and this girl , jenna , take over d78 the split screen . she 's in the tub with nia . jenna hey , Craig , I be Jenna , one of nia 's friend , and like ... okay , this be really embarrassing , but I hear about all this stuff you go through , and I kind of go through that stuff too . we meet each other a couple time , but I always think you be just weird . I do not realize you be , like , depressed . anyway , I just think we should hang out , or whatever . Craig hang up , shake he head in disbelief , as Bobby 78 approach . he drape the borrow shirt over Craig 's head . bobby thanks . Craig remove the shirt , but Bobby continue down the hall . he 's lick a ice cream cone . Craig rush up to he side . as they walk , other patient trickle out of they room and migrate with they towards the dining room . craig sorry you do not get into the home . bobby no sweat , babe . I actually do not find out for a few day ... but I think I screw the pooch . craig that suck . bobby I be over it ... craig really ? bobby not really , but I be zonk on atavan so ... craig where have you get the ice cream ? bobby Mr. softee truck across the street . they pass by smitty . smitty Bobby -- other migrate patient chime in . becca I want ice cream . johnny can I have a lick , Bob ? smitty two point off , Bobby . bobby it 's worth it . noelle step up . noelle what 's with this point , anyway ? craig yeah , I know , what 's with this point ? noelle nobody could possibly be keep track of they ... smitty ( 0.s. ) that 's three point off for doubting the system . Craig smile , whisper to noelle . craig screw the system . you can have my point if you want . noelle smile at Craig before float ahead of they dining hall . into the humble step up next to Bobby , hand he a crumpled dollar bill . bobby what 's this ? humble dollar . for the pizza party . bobby where have you get this ? humble do not worry about it . humble drift away . Bobby smell the buck . int . dine room - night Craig sit with Bobby . he look at he batter fish stick , take a tentative bite . across the room , the Professor collide with Solomon and both they trays spill to the floor . a argument ensue . bobby ( smile ) know why she 's here ? Craig shake he head . Bobby lean in , conspiratorial . bobby use to be a radical academic up at Columbia , but after they pass the Patriot Act , she get crazy paranoid . int . professor 's office - day it look like a tornado just blow through : papers on the floor , desk disassembled , hole in the wall . the Professor slouches on the floor , dismantle a telephone . a custodian peek in as he pass by the office . he stop in he track , concerned . back to the dine room Craig stare at Bobby in disbelief . bobby pretty loco , no ? and Solomon ? that guy 's nut too . ext . williamsburg STREET - night Solomon and a gang of other hasids glide through the street on roller- blade . bobby ( v.0 . ) Solomon be part of this cult of hasidic acid-head in williamsburg . as he blade , Solomon see building and car melting everywhere . he lie down on he back , stare up at the star . his buddy approach on they blade , hover over he . acidhead ( in yiddish with subtitles ) I think Solomon do too much . back to the dine room Bobby finish the story . bobby do 100 tabs of acid in one night . have not be the same since . craig wow . bobby crazy , right ? craig yeah ... what about you ? Bobby turn back to he food , uncomfortable . bobby what about I ? Craig back off , shift direction . craig um ... you daughter . Veronica . when do you see she again ? Bobby take a bite . chews and think . bobby I do not know . I think maybe she 's better off without I . craig c'mon , man ... bobby for real . I mean , I be not exactly a role model in here . she 's better off . Bobby nod , try hard to convince himself . craig okay , so I know it 's none of my business and you can tell I to get lose if you want , but -- bobby get lose . Craig stare at Bobby for a tense beat , then look down at he plate . Bobby shake he head , frustrated with himself , then ... bobby sorry . guess the atavan wear off . Bobby get up with he tray , pat Craig on the shoulder as he pass . int . rec room - night a visit musician , neil ( 20 , goatee - sport stoner ) , plug he bass into a electric amp , get shrieking feedback . neil sorry , gang . patient file in , scurrying to find they favorite instrument : a full drum set , keyboard , maraca , washboard , clave , etc . johnny set himself up on guitar , while Bobby command the keyboard . becca grab the maraca with noelle on tambourine . everybody have something , except Craig . neil welcome back to musical exploration . who do not have a instrument ? noelle point to Craig . neil no worry , bro . let 's get you up here on vocal . craig oh , no , I can not sing . professor just like he can not draw . bobby c'mon ... what be you afraid of ? Bobby nudge Craig , and he reluctantly head up to the microphone , where Neil hand he a lyric sheet . neil you know this one ? craig ( look it over ) um ... I have hear it . neil good enough . Bobby and the lady will help you out . craig lady ? Neil snap he finger and right on cue , nurse monica lead 4 other cute west indian nurse '' on stage '' to join Neil and Craig . neil okay , people , just like we practice last week , here we go ... Neil launch into the wick bass - line from the classic David bowie & freddy mercury rock anthem '' under pressure '' . Craig stare at the lyric sheet , not sure when to jump in . bobby c’mon , cool Craig . let 's rock , babe . a84 Craig lower he head , and at this moment the scene a84 shift to pure fantasy , as the light fade low and everybody appear in outrageous glam-rock costume . the spotlight find Craig . he 's a total rock star , dress in a sparkling , skin-tight nylon jumpsuit with flame bell - bottom . craig ( as freddy mercury ) mm ba ba de ... um bum ba de ... the fabulous nurse sway in unison behind he . a smoky mist fill the air . craig pressure push down on I ... press down on you no man ask for ... under pressure - that burn a building down , split a family in two , put people on street ... um ba ba be ... De Day da ... ee day da ... Bobby , also glamm up with eye-shadow and spiky wig , fly out of the darkness onto the stage . he grab the mic in bowie mode . bobby it 's the terror of know what this world be about ... watch some good friend scream ... craig let I out ! pray tomorrow - get I higher ... bobby pressure on people , people on the street ... Jimmy chime in from out of nowhere . jimmy Day day de ... Da da da ba ba ... noelle step up , share the mic with Craig . noelle chippin 's around - kick my brain around the floor ... this be the day it never rain , but it pour ... noelle / bobby people on the street ... craig ee da de da de ... noelle / bobby people on the street ... bobby it 's the terror of know what this world be about ... watch some good friend scream ... everybody let I out !! craig pray tomorrow - get I higher high ! bobby / noelle pressure on people - people on the street . the song quiet down , and the nurse snap they finger in unison , as ... becca turned away from it all like a blind man ... Sat on a fence but it do not work ... bobby keep come up with love , but it 's so slashed and tear ... craig why ? whyyyy ? whyyyyyyy ? humble pound on the drum , and music build to a tower crescendo , climaxing , as ... craig / noelle can not we give ourselves one more chance ? why can not we give love that one more chance ? why can not we give love give love give love give love ... johnny wail on the guitar like he 's be touring for year , as spark shoot out of a pyrotechnic device behind he . everybody this be we last dance ! this be we last dance ! this be ourselves ... jimmy under pressure ... and the music fade , leave only the sound of the nurse snap they finger , until ... back to reality Craig put he mic back on the stand , look out over the other patient . everybody 's on they foot and sweat bucket . after a brief silence , the room erupt in joyous applause , as the patient and staff celebrate they awesome musical presentation , even if it do not exactly happen the way we see it . Craig and noelle hug . a86 noelle that rock ! int . nia 's bedroom - night nia paint she toenail , on the phone with Craig . nia ohmigod , you be like a total rock star . we intercut with Craig on the community phone . a86 craig what do you mean ? nia you be all anybody talk about anymore . like the whole school be obsessed with you . but you may want to consider get a new look when you get out . like you cell phone be so y2k . craig oh yeah , it 's kinda -- nia -- do not worry , we will find you something cool , Craig . craig ( smile ) cool Craig . nia what ? craig oh , somebody here call I that . '' cool Craig . '' nia be that somebody a girl ? craig oh , no . nia well , be there any cute girl there ? Craig think about how to respond . craig not really . like a mental hospital probably be not the best spot to hook up . nia speak for yourself . I be die to see this place . can I come visit ? craig sure , you can visit ... if you do not mind the groupy hang all over I . int . craig' three NORTH bedroom - night Craig return to he room , fall back onto he bed , exhales . craig you have really gotta get out of the room more , muqtada . there 's a whole world out there . muqtada turn over , look at Craig for a beat . Craig close he eye and we fade out . title over black : '' wednesday : day four '' int . craig' three NORTH bedroom - day Craig wake up to find a man in doctor 's scrub and surgeon 's mask , sit on he bed . Craig snap upright . bobby ( remove the mask ) relax , babe . it 's I . let 's go fora walk . put this on . he hand Craig another set of scrub . int . east corridor - day Bobby and Craig , disguise as doctor , stroll past the nurse 's station , then slip through a door mark '' emergency exit . '' int . another corridor - minute later Bobby and Craig continue down the hall , pass other doctor and patient in another wing of the hospital . bobby sometimes it 's good to get out of there . craig if you know how to get out , why do not you just leave ? bobby because it 's crazier out there than it be in here . craig I know what you mean . Bobby smile . bobby you play basketball ? craig not really . bobby I neither . int . gymnasium entrance Craig follow Bobby through a doorway , where they be greet by a old custodian . bobby hey Charlie Boy . Bobby drop several small white pill into Charlie 's hand . Charlie nod . charlie okay Bob . you get thirty minute . bobby thanks . int . gym basketball court - minute later Bobby and Craig shoot basket in the hospital 's atrium gym . they be both terrible , only rarely make shot . bobby what 's up with you and noelle ? craig what do you mean ? bobby do not play dumb . the energy be like ... Bobby make a series of strange explosion sound . Craig smile . bobby ..- like firework , baby . you should ask she out . craig ask she out ? bobby yeah , you know . out . craig I like she , but I think I would be too nervous to ask she out . bobby what be you nervous about ? craig rejection . bobby you can not live in fear , babe . you 'il end up like muqtada . or worse , like I . Craig stare at Bobby , sympathetic . bobby this be the part where you say , '' no , Bobby , you be life be not that bad . '' craig oh , sorry , I - - bobby relax , babe . craig I just -- bobby Point be you can not worry about rejection . c’mon , you can practice on I . craig practice what ? bobby ask noelle out . pause . pause . craig oh , no , that 's okay . bobby c'mon , I will be noelle . ( as noelle ) hey , Craig . what 's up ? craig hi noelle . um ... how 's it go ? bobby good . I get out of here soon . do you like music , Craig ? craig yeah , sure . bobby I like live music . craig oh . bobby but I do not like to go to concert by myself . craig oh. okay . well ... maybe we could go together ? bobby you do not seem so sure about it . craig no. I be sure . let 's go together . we will go to a concert together . bobby great . who be we go to see ? craig oh , um ... u2. Bobby shake he head , disappointed . craig vampire weekend ? bobby ( as himself again ) Jesus , man , no . craig what then ? bobby do not be one of that douchebag that take he date to some band she do not want to see . this be very important . be you listen ? Craig nod . bobby you ask she what she like ... craig right . bobby but that be great ! see ! easy , right ? now you be ready . Craig shoot , score . bobby good shot . it 's you lucky day , babe . Bobby pass the ball back to Craig . he hold it . craig how would you end up here ? bobby you do not give up , do you ? I be here on vacation . craig seriously . bobby I be serious . some people go to the hampton . I come here . people serve I food . I get to rest , sleep , even get a little high sometimes . craig that 's not what I hear about you . bobby what have you hear ? the mood craig you think alien steal you testicles . bobby what ? who tell you that ? craig relax , babe ... bobby ( catch on ) funny guy . craig actually , I hear you accountant say you try to kill yourself . bobby this may come as a shock to you , cool Craig , but that be not my accountant . craig gee , really ? bobby and I have try to kill myself six time . shift . they stare at each other for a tense beat . craig I think about do that , but could not make it to the bridge ; just come straight here . bobby what stop you ? craig my parent , I think . and my sister . know how bad it would mess they up . bobby I do not get you , Craig . young. smart . talented . a family love you . I do not get it . what I would not give to be you . just for a day . I would do so much . just to feel like ... you know ... there be a future worth live for . like out there be actually a better life than in here . I would do so much . just live . like it mean something ... Bobby shoot , miss . bobby screw it . let 's get outta here . Bobby head for the exit . Craig watch he for a beat , then follow . int . three NORTH - nurse station - later dress in they normal attire , Craig and Bobby stroll down the hall towards the nurse 's station . Bobby hand smitty the fold doctor 's scrub . bobby hey , smitty , I find this somewhere . Bobby keep walk , while smitty examine the scrub in confusion . he look to Craig for a explanation , but Craig shrug , continue on . int . dine room - day Craig eat he lunch with the other patient . he seem to be enjoy he meal for the first time in Three North . noelle stroll by Craig , drop a note next to he tray . he smile , read ... insert : '' see you in one hour . do not forget . '' he look around for she , but she 's go . he fold the note and continue eat . int . east corridor - day after lunch , Craig approach he room , but stop upon see becca and the Professor stare inside from the hall . craig what 's go on ? professor look . she gesture into the room , where mugtada be out of bed , and slowly approach the door . craig hey , muqtada , come out for a walk ? muqtada stop . becca shhh . you be disturbing he progress . muqtada ( still inside the room ) what be there to do ? craig um , lot of stuff . you like to draw ? muqtada shake he head . craig ping-pong ? muqtada ping ... what ? becca how about music ? muqtada yes . craig great , okay -- muqtada -- only Egypt music . Solomon flop up to they in he sandal and too-big pants . solomon Excuse I if you please I be try to rest . craig hey , sol , have you meet muqtada ? Solomon reach across the door threshold and shake hand with muqtada . solomon if you could please keep it down . Solomon stalk off down the hall . professor he have sensitive hearing . muqtada this I think be enough for one day . Craig watch muqtada go back to bed , climb under the cover . int . tv room - day Craig draw a series of brain map , while he Gates application remain untouched at the edge of the table . he appear focus , at peace . after a few moment , Craig hear a familiar voice . nia ( 0.s. ) hey Craig . Craig 's attention jerk to the door , where nia stroll in . his mood suddenly shift from peaceful to anxious . he self - consciously cover he art . craig hey ... this be a surprise . nia Aaron and I break up . craig oh ... I be sorry . nia sit down next to he . she 's wear a little beige camouflage skirt , and Craig be suddenly hypnotize by she thigh , which we slowly zoom in on . nia be you okay ? Craig shift uncomfortably in he seat , try to conceal he boner . craig oh , yeah ... um , sorry . nia you must be really load . craig yeah . I ’ma little zonk . she put she hand on he knee . he look down at he lap . nia you know , I have be think non-stop about you since we talk Monday . craig oh , I have be think about you , too . Jimmy walk by , shoot Craig a big smile . jimmy I wake up and my bed be on fire ! nia look at he , make a face . nia what 's wrong with that guy ? craig he 's schizophrenic . nia weird ... anyway ... ( lay on the flirt ) it 's like you tell I all this stuff about you and you be really ... I do not know ... mature . not like everyone else with they stupid little problem . you be like , really screw up . craig I be a mess . nia but in a good way . in the way that give you experience . craig so you and Aaron break up ? nia nod , bite she lip , and we freeze on she irresistible expression . craig ( v.0 . ) okay , so I know I should be think about noelle and how I be suppose to be meeting she in twenty minute ... ecus on various part of nia 's face : eye , ear , lip ... craig ( v.0 . ) but when you have get a really gorgeous girl in front of you , and you have be obsess over she for two year , and she 's bite she lip and talk low - and you be hard - what be you gonna do ? back to Craig as the frame resume action . craig you wanta see my room ? int . craig 's three NORTH bedroom Craig lead nia into he room , where by some miracle , muqtada seem to be go . he place he artwork on the nightstand , cover it with the blank Gates application . nia you have not finish that yet ? craig what ? oh ... but before he can respond , nia advance toward he . a brief pause . they look each other over and then go at it like teenager , fall back onto muqtada 's bed . nia straddle over Craig . as they kiss , Craig reach up nia 's shirt . she moan . Craig awkwardly move he hand from one breast to the other . nia I and Aaron never do anything like this . craig ( v.0 . ) do not mention Aaron ... lalalalalalala . nia this be totally on my checklist . Aaron suddenly appear , lie in bed next to Craig and nia , swirl a snifter of cognac . he wear a smoking jacket . aaron be you seriously squeezing my girlfriend 's tit ? go easy , bro . craig ( close he eye ) lalalalalalalalala ..... nia what be you do ? a toilet flush off-screen . nia be there someone in here ? craig I be gonna be sick . muqtada ( 0.s. ) sex ! Craig and nia jerk they head toward the front door , where muqtada be stand by the bathroom . muqtada sex in my bed ! blah ! Craig vomit on the floor . nia that be disgusting . nia pop out of bed , buttone she shirt . craig sorry . muqtada Children make sex in my bed ! nia Craig , who be this ? muqtada you terrible girl corrupt my friend ! craig this be my roommate , muqtada . muqtada do not talk to she ! she try and make sex in my bed ! nia easy , mookie , nobody be have sex . Craig breathes and sweat heavily . muqtada woman be temptress ! I know . get out ! nia what 's wrong with you ? craig he 's go through a hard time . nia no , you ! what 's wrong with you ? craig I be also go through a hard time . nia get some sleep , Craig . I x11 call you tomorrow . craig nia wait ! Craig try to stop nia , but get tangle up with muqtada . craig nia ! int . three NORTH - east corridor Craig rush out of the room , see nia at the opposite end . craig wait , nia ! ( desperate ) I love you ! nia look back to Craig . nia just get better , Craig . at this point , Craig notice noelle stand nearby , a pencil sketch in she hand . his word echo in he head as he see how upset she look . craig no , I mean -- nia continue down the hall as noelle crumple she sketch , fling it at Craig , then take off in the opposite direction . craig wait ... but they both keep go . Craig slump to the floor , back against the wall . after a beat , he grab noelle 's discard sketch , unfold it . insert : a beautifully detailed self - portrait of noelle in front of a mirror , title '' under pressure '' . hold on Craig , move by the sketch . int . hall - outside noelle 's room - minute later Craig knock . and knock . craig noelle ... noelle , please ... I love you portrait . it 's amazing . I be sorry if I mess up . I wish you have open the door ... you okay in there ? a piece of paper slide out from under the door . Craig pick it up . insert : a draw of a penis-man with Craig 's name on it . craig oh ... this be pretty cool too ... so , we meeting tonight ... be it fair to assume that 's not happen ? no answer . int . craig' three NORTH bedroom - minute later muqtada greet Craig . muqtada sorry , Craig . be you okay ? Craig hand muqtada the penis draw . muqtada oh ... Craig fall back on he bed , totally deject . craig you have have it figure out all along , muqtada ... never get out of the bed . title over black : '' thursday : day five '' int . craig' three NORTH bedroom - day bobby ( 0.s. ) I get in . Craig emerge from under the cover to find Bobby hover above he . craig in what ? bobby in you mother . craig oh ... bobby in the home . I have a home . craig but , I think ... bobby I be wrong . it 's not the first time . craig ( without emotion ) that 's great . a beat , as Bobby look Craig over . bobby we miss you at breakfast , babe . smitty say you evaluation 's at six . you ready ? craig what do you think ? Craig roll over , moan . bobby be this about the whole nia / noelle fiasco ? craig how do you know about that ? bobby Solomon . he have very sensitive hearing . and fyi , do not ever listen to johnny 's girl advice . no sophisticated woman would ever fall for that crap . craig it 's not just woman . I can not do anything right ... my life 's a mess . bobby no , my life be a mess ... mugtada 's life be a mess . no offense , babe . muqtada all good , papa . bobby ordinarily I would not be in here play big brother Bob with you , but I happen to like you , Craig . you remind I of myself you age . ( more ) bobby ( cont would ) I be much better look , of course . and I never have problem with woman -- muqtada get back on track , man . bobby the point be , you be sixteen year old . someday you will not be . and in twenty year , if you be celebrate you daughter 's eighth birthday in a place like this , I swear to god muqtada and I be go to kick you ass ... he not busy bein 's bear , be busy dyin’ , babe ... believe this . Bobby head for exit , but stop at the door . bobby oh , and by the way -- I come in here to tell you I be not gonna be homeless tomorrow . just sayin 's ... Craig stare at the door for a beat after Bobby leave , still processing it all . muqtada this Bobby , I think , be very wise man . Craig look at muqtada as he roll back towards the window , pull the blanket over he head . hold . fade out . int . medication line - day a nurse hand Craig he medication , and he downs it . int . three NORTH - east corridor Craig mope down the hall when he notice Bobby at the opposite end of the corridor , talk on the phone . Bobby smile big as he talk to he daughter . bobby and it 's next door to the y , so we can go swim in the pool or maybe they get table tennis . yeah , sure , ping - pong . same thing ... do not worry , I 'il teach you ... so you be mom will bring you on Saturday and we will cook a feast ... absolutely -- mint chocolate chip . anything for you , babe . Craig look on , touch by Bobby 's optimism . int . craig 's three NORTH bedroom a freshly shower Craig sit in bed , draw on a large sheet of white paper . he look at peace , totally immerse in he artwork . int . noelle 's room - day the newest of Craig 's brain map slide under the door : a stun image of two brain - city connect by a bridge . noelle pick it up , read the note on the other side : I want to explain . no excuse . usual place , 4 pm . I ’m a idiot . int . bobby 's room - day Bobby stand in proud warrior position , when Craig poke he head in . craig oh , sorry ... what be you do ? bobby yoga . what be you do ? craig apologize for act like a jerk earlier . congratulation on you home . bobby thanks . craig I have be think about what you say , and , I think I be ready to start be bear ... Bobby stare at Craig . craig I mean , you know ... Bobby smile . int . three NORTH - NORTH corridor - day Craig pace , glance at the clock , which read 4:15 . he 's about to give up , when he see noelle come towards he . she wear a '' I hate boy '' t-shirt . Craig smile tentatively , but noelle remain stone - face . craig thanks for come . no response . craig so , I just want to say , I be really sorry about yesterday . that girl you see I with ... she be my best friend 's girlfriend . I have be obsessed with she forever -- noelle -- and you be in love with she ? craig no . noelle of course not . but you think she 's hot , so you tell she what you think she have wanta hear . craig um , I do not think -- noelle -- and now you be go to do the same thing to I . craig no , I be not . noelle you be not ? noelle stare at he , wait for what 's next . Craig think it over . after a confuse beat , noelle turn to go , but Craig grab she arm . craig okay , it 's true that I think you be hot . and I do want to say the right thing , but only because I really like you . I like that you do not hide you problem like everyone else . that you wear they right there on you face ... and I feel like I do not have to hide mine when I be with you . noelle manage a subtle smile . encourage , Craig continue . craig I have be think a lot , and I realize , you know , that , well ... if you be not busy be bear , then you be busy die ... and I think we could both benefit from be bear ... again . not bear again , but , you know ? noelle gee , thanks for the wisdom , bob. craig what ? he tell you that one too ? noelle who ? craig Bobby . noelle yeah , and about a billion other people . it 's alright , ma. craig what ? noelle Bob Dylan . it 's the song you just quote . craig what ? no . noelle yes . craig oh . noelle laugh . Craig smile too . craig anyway , my point be ... I wanta play doctor with you . she cock she head , intrigue . Craig snap he finger , smile . noelle what be you do ? he snap again , look down the hall . craig where be he ? after a beat , a commotion erupt from the opposite end of the hall , as Bobby streak naked through the corridor , howling like a mad man . the nurse leave they station to help contain he . noelle crack up , as Craig duck into the utility closet , snatch a pair of scrub . they run off , sneaking through the emergency exit . Bobby notice Craig and noelle escape , then stop run . he smile , as the nurse lead he away . int . hospital corridor - another floor Craig and noelle ( disguise as doctor ) emerge from the stairwell , blend into the crowd of doctor and patient . int . emergency room Craig and noelle stroll past emergency patient . when they see a security guard approach from the opposite direction , they quickly attend to the nearest patient , a old chinese man . Craig rub he head . craig do this hurt ? noelle massage he foot . noelle how about this ? the guard pass without suspicion , so Craig and noelle take off , leave the chinese man very confuse . int . another corridor Craig and noelle jog down the hall , turn a corner to find ... ...- Dr. minerva and she posse of intern come towards they . Craig and noelle put on the brake and scramble in the other direction . int . inner stairwell they race up the stair , find a exit door , and emerge out onto ... ext . hospital rooftop ..- where the set sun cast a fiery red glow on the Brooklyn rooftop . they take a beat to admire the Manhattan skyline and Brooklyn Bridge below . noelle this be amazing . Craig look at noelle , reach out , and touch she face . she do not move . noelle you be not a cut fetishist , be you ? Craig remove he hand . craig what ? no . noelle good . that guy be so creepy . Craig smile and they look out in silence . noelle how come you never ask I why ? craig why what ? noelle why I do it . craig I guess I figure you have tell I when you want I to know . noelle smile , nod . noelle thanks . after a beat , Craig summon he courage . craig um ... do you like music ? noelle um , yeah . do you like breathe ? craig oh , right . Dumb question . sense he discomfort , noelle lighten up . noelle I like radiohead , pixie , T rex ... what else ... Craig nod . they sit in awkward silence , until ... craig have you see they live ? noelle I have see radiohead and the pixie . craig cool ... so ... um ... noelle vampire weekend 's play a show at the end of the month . noelle pause , give he another chance . Craig just nod . noelle you wanta go ? Craig smile , a enormous weight have be lift . craig yes ! I would . with you ? noelle no , with smitty . yes with I . they both continue to smile and look out over the sunset , until noelle lean over , kiss Craig on the cheek , and we freeze mid-kiss -- craig ( v.0 . ) sorry guy ... this be about to get pretty sappy , so I be just gonna give you the highlight . as Craig speak in vo , we see various postcard - like still present as a slide - show presentation . craig ( v.0 . ) this be I share the realization that I do not actually want to be a ceo , lawyer , or President . click to the next slide of noelle , mid-cackle . click to click to click to click to click to click to out over craig ( v.0 . ) this be noelle , laugh at the idea that I once want to be President . noelle give the world the finger . craig ( v.0 . ) here , noelle suggest I '' screw '' the Gates summer application if it make I so unhappy . next slide of Craig , smile . craig ( v.0 . ) this be I like that idea . Craig , no longer smile . craig ( v.0 . ) this be I think about how to tell my dad . noelle , blush . craig ( v.0 . ) this be after I tell noelle how wonderful and beautiful she be . Craig and noelle kissing . craig ( v.0 . ) oops . how would that get in there ? noelle 's head on Craig 's shoulder , as they both look the sunset . postcard text appear on screen : greeting from argenon hospital . int . dr . minervan office back in normal attire , Craig sit across from Dr. minerva . dr . minerva how be you feel ? craig I be have kind of a bad day . I miss dinner and breakfast . dr . minerva why ? craig I think I be probably just feel scared about leave . dr . minerva what scare you about leave ? craig there be a lot more thing to stress about on the outside . dr . minerva be you still have suicidal thought ? Craig shake he head , no . craig it 's like ... there be so many people , not just in this hospital , but in the whole world , ya know , who be struggle so hard to live . and it seem like , self - indulgent , for I not to appreciate what I have . dr . minerva like what ? craig well , there 's my family , my home ... and my friend ... this girl . you know noelle ? Dr. minerva raise she eyebrow . dr . minerva noelle ? she 's the spunky one . Craig blushes slightly . do she just call he girlfriend '' spunky '' ? craig oh , and this ... Craig reach into he pocket , unfold one of he brain map . craig I always think art be just bourgeois decadence , but ... he hand the draw to Dr. minerva who look it over . dr . minerva it 's really wonderful , Craig . craig thanks . I do about twenty of they . it 's something I really enjoy . dr . minerva what do you enjoy about it ? craig it 's fun . and it take my mind off the stuff that stress I out . dr . minerva be this something you plan to continue when you leave ? craig yeah , maybe , but my dad might freak . dr . minerva have you tell he how you feel ? craig not yet . dr . minerva but you will . Craig nod . dr . minerva when ? craig I do not know . as soon as I see he , I guess . dr . minerva and if he freak ? Craig think it over , smile . craig better he than I . Dr. minerva laugh . dr . minerva that 's go to be the challenge ... you ready ? Craig nod . craig I think so . how be I do ? with the evaluation . dr . minerva oh. well , Craig ... we have only just begin . the evaluation consist of three part . there 's still the multiple choice section and a personal essay explain why we should let you go ... Craig stare at Dr. minerva in shock . dr . minerva what ? doctor can not make joke too ? Craig exhales in relief . dr . minerva you can leave first thing in the morning ... craig thank you . dr . minerva you should stop by and say hi sometime . you know , we have a volunteer program with the local high school . you could help other who be go through the same thing . Craig think it over , smile and nod . int . nurse 's station - night Craig approach smitty , carry the doctor 's scrub . craig tonight 's my last night , smitty . smitty congratulation . we ’1ll miss you , Craig . craig and Bobby 's too . you think we can have a pizza party ? smitty sure , if you can get the money . craig how many pizza do you think we need ? smitty well , we have get thirty patient and five staff , but that 's include muqtada and the anorexics , so ... seven pie should do . craig ( hand over the scrub ) cool . oh , I find this down over there somewhere . smitty examine the scrub , watch Craig go . int . NORTH corridor community phone Craig speak into it . craig yeah , seven large pie . all kind ... just tell they to send the delivery guy to the third floor , Three North . thanks , dad . i’ ' 11 see you and mom tomorrow . Craig hang up , look down the hall , where ... ..- mugtada be peek out they bedroom door . Craig wave , but muqtada just disappear back inside . Craig think for a beat , then pick up the phone again . craig hey , man ... I could really use a favor . int . three NORTH - waiting area - night with a complete stack of art beside he , Craig put the finish touch on a new brain map . Craig look up as the security guard buzze open the Three North entrance door , and George enter with six large pizza . craig hey dad , I be not expect you in person . GEORGE I leave work early . think it be more important to be here . Craig nod . smitty ( approach ) Mr. gilner , thank you so much ! Three North love you tonight ... ( to Craig ) see ya back there in a jiff ? smitty take the pizza from George , head toward the dining hall . GEORGE ( have : brain map ) whatcha get there ? Craig hand George the stack of brain map . George look through they . after a beat , he smile . GEORGE you do this ? very nice . craig thanks . I have be do a lot of art in here , and it 's , um , actually ... it 's something I have like to continue . GEORGE oh . that 's good . craig like , maybe , take a class this summer . GEORGE what about the Gates program ? craig it 's not for I . Solomon run by they , hold up he pants . solomon Craig ! have you hear about the pizza tonight ? craig yeah , I 'il be there in a minute , sol . George take a deep breath . GEORGE Art 's a wonderful hobby , but why do not you hold off on any big decision until you have get home , have some time to clear you head ? craig what do you think I have be do here all week ? I have think a lot about it -- GEORGE I be just say , let 's not close off you option . this could be very important for you future . Craig look at George for a beat , disappointed . craig what about now ? I be sixteen year old . can not I start worry like a adult when I become one ? GEORGE when I be you age -- craig dad ! I know you be just try to help , but you really stress I out sometimes . and that 's part of the reason I be here . George take this in . after a beat . craig but after I leave tomorrow , I do not ever want to have to come back . George nod , understanding the weight of this . GEORGE ( after a beat ) thanks for get here and get help . craig do you wanna come grab a slice with I ? meet some people ? int . rec room - minute later Craig and George step into the room , where the patient chow down on pizza . Craig spot noelle , lead George to she . craig noelle , this be my dad . George . noelle hi George . so what be you in for ? GEORGE craig she 's kid , dad . George smile and they shake hand , as johnny step by . craig hey , johnny , meet my dad . johnny yo , thanks for the pie , Mr. G. GEORGE no problem ... johnny . craig ( to johnny ) hey , have you see Bobby ? johnny not since lunch . GEORGE ( look off - screen ) oh , be that ... johnny and Craig follow George 's eyeline to the ping - pong table across the room . int . rec room - a little later Craig and johnny play double ping - pong versus . George and noelle . his sleeve roll , George play like he 's know everybody for year . smitty hey Craig , you have another visitor . int . three NORTH - waiting area Craig come out to find Aaron texting on he phone . when he see Craig , he hand he a flat brown paper bag . aaron I find it . I must have leat out the first two volume . but here 's the third . craig I so appreciate this . no problem .. aaron - look , man , I be sorry I be a bitch to you . craig I be sorry I try to make out with you girlfriend . Aaron and Craig nod at each other for a awkward beat . craig how be thing with nia ? aaron we be gonna try to work through it . good . craig aaron you know , I might hide it pretty well , but I get that depression stuff too , sometimes . yeah ? Aaron nod . do not kill I will not . seriously . thanks . Craig hold out he it into a hug . Aaron head for the craig aaron yourself , okay ? craig aaron craig hand for Aaron to slap , but Aaron turn exit , but pause one last time . aaron do you really try to make out with nia ? Craig smile and shrug . aaron ( with a smile ) Dick . Aaron exit and Craig head back toward the party , but stop when -- nure monica Craig ... you leave you drawing here earlier . monica hand the stack to Craig , who look closely at the one on top : a custom draw brain map that say '' Bobby '' at the bottom . craig thanks monica . int . bobby 's room Craig peek inside the room to find Bobby stare at the floor in the corner . craig pizza 's get cold . what 's up ? bobby feeling pretty tired , think I be gonna skip the pizza tonight . just pack up . craig so , vacation 's over ... bobby yup . back to work . craig you get a job ? bobby nope. beat . Craig shift . craig you know , I use you Dylan line on noelle . bobby how would it go ? craig good . we be gonna hang out soon . see some music . Bobby smile . Craig step in , hand he a brain map . craig here . it 's you . bobby yikes . it 's a mess in there . craig it 's not such a mess . it 's just undergo renovation . Bobby smile . craig I write my number on the back ... let 's get together sometime ... play some table tennis . Bobby think for a long beat , know this will not happen . bobby sure . craig cool ... so i’1l see you at breakfast tomorrow . Bobby nod . Craig start to leave when ... bobby good luck , Craig . not that you 'il need it . craig thanks . you too , babe . they both smile and Craig exit . int . rec room - minute later Craig enter to find everyone chow down on pizza and rock out to smitty 's funk record . he smile to himself , notice George , now team - up with the Professor , continue to dominate other patient at the ping - pong table . Craig approach smitty and hand he the paper bag that Aaron bring . smitty remove a album from the bag : egyptian master : volume 3 . smitty glance to Craig , and shake he head . craig trust I . smitty make a face , but go to the record player anyway . the music cut out mid-so , and some of the patient begin to grumble . craig just wait ... the egyptian Masters album soar into play . johnny be this a joke ? humble hey , I like this . yeah ! humble move to the music . becca look ! becca point to the rec room entrance , where ... ..- mugtada be sway to the rhythm , and tapping he foot . craig hey , muqtada , join the party ! everyone get down , and dance to the egyptian Masters with muqtada at the helm . near the rec room entrance , Bobby emerge in the doorway , observe for a quiet beat . he watch as ... ... Craig head over to noelle in the corner . she smile to Craig , wiggle she hip to the unusual music . they laugh , and Craig join she in a little dance . Bobby smile to himself and slowly back out of the room . title over black : '' friday '' int . three NORTH - east corridor - day from the opposite end , Craig advance through the corridor with he duffel bag and a stack of brain map . he pass ... johnny good luck , buddy . humble you should really stay longer ; you might lose it on the outside . craig I nil take my chance . Jimmy stroll by in the other direction . jimmy it 'il come to ya ! Craig continue , pass patient and staff , say he goodby . craig ( v.0 . ) okay , I know you be think , '' what be this ? kid spend a few day in the hospital and all he problem be cure ? '' but I be not . I know I be not . I feel how easily I could fall back into it , lie down and not eat , look at my homework and freak out , look at nia and be jealous ... smitty approach , give Craig he cell phone , key , and shoelace . craig thanks , smitty . have you see Bobby ? smitty he already leave . early this morning . at first disappointed , Craig form a slight smile . craig ( v.0 . ) but the difference between today and last Saturday be that give up just be not a option anymore . Craig see noelle , he face brighten . noelle how do you feel ? craig I feel like I can handle it . lynn ( 0.s. ) Craig ? they turn toward Lynn and George in the wait area . craig wanta meet my mom ? noelle you really move fast , do not you ? Craig 's parent approach . craig hey mom , this be noelle . lynn a pleasure to meet you . noelle you too . GEORGE hey noelle . noelle hey George . do you have fun last night ? GEORGE I have not party like that since 1999 . Craig roll he eye . noelle smile . noelle well , I 'il let you go . Nice to meet you all . craig see you next week . noelle smile and strut off . lynn ( to George ) what exactly go on here last night ? GEORGE sorry , honey , what happen in Three North stay in Three North . Lynn elbow George . craig guy , can you go home without I and I ’‘1l meet you back there in a few minute ? alaa lynn why ? be you okay ? craig I be fine . I just want to ride my bike home . GEORGE sure . we will take you stuff . but hurry up ; alyssa baked you cookie . Lynn kiss Craig on the forehead . craig see you in a few minute . Lynn and George walk towards the elevator . Craig watch they for a beat , then glance back for one last look at Three North , see ... ..- mugtada , out of he room again , chat with Solomon . ext . argenon hospital - day Craig step out into the brisk spring air with the other pedestrian , commuter , and hospital loiterer . he go to the bike rack , bend down and swirl the number ring to he combination . craig ( v.0 . ) I know something 's change in I . it might not be dramatic , but it 's real . and for the first time in a while , I can look forward to thing I want to do in my life ... Craig smile into the camera . the follow rapid-fire sequence take we through alaa wildly stylize image that correspond with Craig 's stream - of - consciousness voice over ... craig ( v.0 . ) bike . eat. drink . talk . ride the subway . read . read map . make map . make art . have a party . hug my mom . kiss my dad . kiss my little sister . make out with noelle . make out with she more . take she on a picnic . see a movie with she . see a movie with Aaron . heck , see a movie with nia . tell people my story . volunteer at Three North . help people like Bobby . like mugtada . like I . draw more . draw a person . ( more ) craig ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) draw a naked person . draw noelle naked . run. Travel . swim . skip . I know it 's lame , but , whatever , skip anyway ... breathe . breathe . breathe . live . back to craig on the STREET he 's bike full speed . we track with he for several beat , but he 's just too fast . he fly out of frame , and we ... CUT to black .