it written by chase palmer &amp ; cary fukunaga base on the novel by Stephen King studio draft 3-18-2014 OPEN on : rain . lash a windowpane . a piano plays somewhere off screen . Beethoven 's fur elise . int . will bedroom - day a little boy gaze out into the storm . nervous , eager , sweet . meet GEORGE denbrough ( 9 ) . GEORGE you sure it 's not too bad out there ? will ( 13 ) , he older brother , sit up in bed propped against a pile of pillow , surround by tissue and sheet of newspaper . headline and toy tell we this be the late 80' -- October , 1987 to be exact . he put finish touch on a paper boat will do not be such a wuss . I would come if I be not die . now get the paraffin . GEORGE in the cellar ? will you want it to float or not , georgie ? go on . Storm 's not gonna last forever . GEORGE okay , willy . George jump up obediently and go . CUT to : title card : october 1987 2 . int . will be house - day George hurry downstairs . he catch a glimpse of they mother , sharon denbrough ( 30 ) in the parlor play piano , a earthy beauty transport to another world while she play . int . kitchen - will be house - day George 's stomach sink as he come face to face with the cellar door -- the only thing between George and the monster in the basement of he imagination -- it . int . will bedroom - continuous a walkie - talkie squawks next to will . the sarcastic walkie - talkie filter voice of richie " trashmouth " tozier ( 12 ) , he neighbor , filter through the plastic speaker . richie ( walkie - talkie filter ) willy -boy . will , annoyed , pick up the walkie-talkie . while look through he rain blast window . will trashmouth . they wave at each other . richie , bug -ey glass , turn the wave into a middle - finger . richie ( o.s. ) think you be sick . will I be . richie ( o.s. ) be it mortal ? int . cellar doorway - continuous fling it open , George venture he arm into the dark void . he grope around and find the light switch . nothing . George snatch he arm back . 3. GEORGE oh , ball . the power . the dark basement glare back at he , taunting . here we do some sort of call from will upstair that be a " code " they do with each other . this will come back to haunt US later . int . will bedroom - continuous georgie respond with he own call from downstair richie ( o.s. ) what be that ? will cough hard into a tissue . half -impatient , half - joke : will nothing . georgie and I be make a paper boat . get to go - richie wait -! will turn off the walkie-talkie . int . kitchen - will be house - continuous George rub the gooseflesh on he arm . GEORGE ( to himself ) I be get it . I be go to get it . I be go in . I be ... he steel himself and plunge into the void . int . cellar - will be house - continuous George scramble down four step to the cellar shelf and sift through junk as fast as he can : shoe - polish , rag , a dusty bag of color balloon , a break flashlight , two mostly empty bottle of windex , and a old can of turtle wax . George stop and gaze upon the cartoon turtle with hypnotic wonder . CUT to Pov of something lurking in recess of the basement , watch GEORGE frame in the light of the doorway . 4. sense this , George snap out of it , grab the BOX of paraffin near the back of the shelf , and hurry back up the stair , slamm the door in we / it 's face . int . will bedroom - day will melt a chunk of paraffin with a match in a ceramic bowl , then dip he finger into the hot liquid and smear the wax along the side of the boat . GEORGE can I do some ? will okay . just do not get any on my blanket or Mom will freak . George dip he finger and spread it . GEORGE too cool . they finish up and will give the boat to George . will there you go . she 's all yours . GEORGE she ? will you be the Captain , be not ya ? captain call they boat she . now put on you rain stuff or you will wind up stick in bed like you stupid brother . they both grin , the cozy room full of cheerful brotherly love . George kiss will on the cheek , startling he . GEORGE thanks , willy . he go . will look to the rain - lash window , piano still play . he 's suddenly fill with a sense of forebode . will be careful out there ! 5 . ext . witcham STREET - day a dead traffic light sway overhead , its drip black lense gaze back at a boy in a yellow slicker and red galoshes . georgie race down the street past dark house after he paper boat , which sluice along a gutter swollen with rush rainwater . rain tap on George 's hood sounding to he ear like rain on a shed roof , a comforting almost cozy sound . the buckle of he galoshes make a merry jingle as he go . the boat whistle past a blockade of sawhorse mark dept of derry public work , where a gouge in the blacktop send it sweeping diagonally across toward a STORM drain . George race after , try to grab the boat before it 's swallow up with all the rainwater . he slip and spill to the blacktop , cry out in pain . the paper boat surf up to the drain , circle around twice , and go in . George look ready to cry . GEORGE willy 's gonna kill I . he walk over to the drain and peer in , water fall into darkness . a dank hollow sound come from within . suddenly eye peer back at he -- from the greasy white face of a clown . not bozo , or Ronald McDonald , but something more old world , freakish , like that of a 19th - century acrobat -- bald , lithe , almost child - like . meet pennywise aka bob gray . George recoil back , shocked by pennywise 's presence . a voice , a perfectly pleasant and reasonable voice , rise up . pennywise ( o.c . ) hello , georgie . George look around he . a old woman watch he from the kitchen window of a house just behind the drain . CUT to : Pov from the old woman 's house . she turn she attention back to she cat , scraping out the wet innard of a can of tuna into a plate on the window sill . pennywise ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) lose something ? 6 . George expression mellow from fear to child - like wonder , like he 's see a circus bear balanced on a ball . GEORGE how do you get down there ? pennywise I ? why the storm of course . just bleeeew I away . it blow the whole circus away . how would you like to join the circus , georgie ? the faint , off - key sound of calliope music can be hear . George inch closer to the storm drain . GEORGE be there cotton candy ? pennywise cotton candy ? oh yes . cotton candy and bearded woman and elephant shit and all the balloon a little boy could want . you like balloon , do not you georgie ? GEORGE I sure do . do they float ? George take one last fatal step forward . pennywise float ? oh indeed they do , georgie . indeed they do . everything down here float . and when you be down here with we ... the clown 's sing - songy voice curdle into something horrible , primal even , as George 's arm be seize by pennywise 's unusually long arm and claw - like hand . pennywise ( cont 'd ) you'll float too ! George 's screeeeeaaaaam ring through the sewer as we ... CUT to the old woman 's Pov again . the cat devour its food , the old woman pleased with he appetite do not notice ... rack focus ... georgie 's rag doll body flung leave and right as pennywise feed on he and try to pull he through the metal grate into the sewer . smash CUT to : 7. soaring , percussive music crescendos over a wide shot of glacier - cut mountain . then , silence . title card : JUNE 1988 ext . derry - aerial - same pan off glacier - cut mountain to reveal the town of derry , maine , settle on a crosscut of the penobscot River and kenduskaeg stream . it 's a sturdy , picturesque northeastern town like any other , its rough-hewn industrial past bleed through a gentrify , decaye present . tilt straight down to hanlon abatoir several multi-acre , manure fill sheep pen stand empty . one have 50 sheep ready for slaughter , a path lead from the pen grow narrower as it feed into a industrial complex design for slaughter . ext . hanlon abattoir , outdoor pen - day leroy hanlon ( 5as ) work to move the sheep into line while he son mike hanlon ( 13 ) watch from behind he . leroy open the gate . mike I be sick of this , dad . leroy people need to eat . now open the gate . Mike open the gate . mike how would you feel if you be one of they ? leroy , haunt by this think answer gruffly - leroy human be not raise to be food . 8. as if he be lie , that human sometimes be raise for food . the sheep flood into a thin pathway lead to the interior of the complex . leroy watch they as do Mike . mike everyday , watch they stupidly walk into that kill pen . this be not a normal kid 's life . you will not even let I go to school . int . hanlon abatoir , slaughter pen - day leroy take the cattle bolt , place it on the head of the first sheep . woomph . the sheep drop dead . leroy now why would you want to be in public school with the rest of that people down below , in derry ? he hand it to Mike , expectantly . Mike dispassionately take the mechanism and approach a sheep . mike because I want to be in boring class with other boring kid and draw picture in text book and play baseball and go to dance and grind . he place it on the head of the next sheep , but can not bring himself to pull the trigger . leroy do it for he . woomph . the sheep drop dead . leroy I know , son . I get it . but you be not like that people . we may work with sheep , but that people be sheep . trust I . the last point leroy believe in like gospel . a school bell ring ext . derry middle school - day Doors fling open and rowdy 6th , 7th , and 8th grader spill out . book be hurl in the trash , papers strewn all over the recess yard -- summer be officially commence . 9 . swept up among this madness be ... will denbrough ( 13 ) handsome , gangly , red-headed , the memory of he brother still fresh . he walk with he dorky friend , all talk over each other : eddie kaspbrak , he EPI - pen JR . ( a adrenaline injector for kid with life - threaten allergy ) holster in he medicine - fill fannypack ; stan uris ( 12 ) , a trim and tidy jewish kid who dress like a mini-accountant ; and richie tozier , the neighbor with the walkie-talkie , a comic book and video game freak with bug-eye glass . eddie so how 's it work ? stan richie what work ? so long suckas ! richie flip off the school . will richie ! eddie the ceremony . you bar mitzvah . will it make you officially a man right ? stan richie kind of . I read verse . from then a seventh dimensional the torah . door open up and Stan here have to slay he ronin master over a pit of death . he win he schlong grow like six inch . stan shit , I do not need a bar mitzvah for that . richie howl . will just you mom 's cosmo . eddie Marie Claire . 10 . richie vogue man . it 's all perfume . I put on my 3 - D glass and it 's like you be there . richie " motor boat " the air in front of he . angle on a group of fashionably dress girl nearby . the bigger , heavier one of the group notice someone off screen . girl # 1 there 's the ho -bag , now . pan to see beverly marsh ( 13 ) a dazzle cloud of auburn hair and lovely green - gray eye . her clothes be not as nice as the group of popular girl , but she hold she head high . girl # 2 she 's the one all the eighth grade boy talk about . girl # 1 girl # 1 ( cont 'd ) they say she give the best probably the only way she can bjs . afford that rag she wear . give I you ring , gretta . beverly see the girl as girl # 1 put gretta 's ring on she finger . sense trouble , she turn around and duck right back into school . girl # 1 hey cock breath , come here ! pan back to will and he dorky friend . Eddie stop dead , pointing to - eddie Jesus , she 's still here ? the rabbi be wife , sleepless and desperate , lurk on the edge of school property , scan the throng of depart kid with desperate eye . next to she , a front lawn marquee read : remember the curfew . 7 p.m. derry police department stan what do you think she 's think ? will maybe she expect she son to just walk out of the school with the rest of we . 11 . richie yeah right , Dorsey coen 's be live in home ec this last three week . eddie they be not go to find he . richie sure they will . in a ditch . all decompose , cover in worm and maggot and smell like you mom be -- richie be checked to the pavement by travis bower ( 16 ) , a sadistic tower of muscle . his glass fall off and a pile of comic and video game magazine spill from he back pack . travis sorry chode . do not see you . Travis kick the glass away . his thug sidekick laugh : snatch huggins ( 15 ) , patrick hockstettler ( 17 ) and victor criss ( 15 ) -- one a lunkhead oaf , another a perpetually giggly fire-starting sociopath , and the last one a scrap and scab junk yard dog type . Victor grab Stan 's yarmulka and toss it into the window of a depart bus . victor frisbee , fuck nut . snatch burp in Eddie 's face . Eddie wilt under the smell . will scoops up the remain of richie 's glass , smashed by the bus . will you suck , bower ! Travis and he goons turn . they glare at will menacingly . travis you say something ? everyone around they stop and watch , wait for will to respond . Eddie give will a look to shut it . he do . travis ( cont 'd ) think so . you get a free ride this year because of you little brother . but ride 's over , denbrough . ( more ) 12 . travis ( cont 'd ) this summer 's gonna be a hurt train , for you and you faggot friend . ( to snatch and Victor ) let 's roll . we get a lard ass to find . ext . emergency exit - derry high school - day a door open by the dumpster and out peak BEN hanscom ( 13 ) , the " lard ass " in question , make sure the coast be clear . he wear a oversize sweatshirt and a pair of girly high - waist blue jeans . beverly soooo , you gonna let I go by or be there a secret password or something ? he turn to see beverly . BEN sorry . he step aside . beverly tip -toe past , lighting a cigarette like a pro . beverly " sorry " 's not much of a password . now " kittyhawk , " that 's a good one . BEN ballyhoo ? beverly riproar . BEN barnburner . beverly smile and offer Ben a smoke . he refuse . she shrug and blow a smoke ring in he face . beverly if you be worried about bower and he merry band of a-hole hassling you , do not . I see they all leave out front . BEN thanks . 13 . beverly you be the new kid right ? I be -- BEN ( blurting ) beverly marsh . a little too quick . his ear turn red with embarrassment . BEN ( cont 'd ) I just know `cuz we be in social study . together , in the same class . you know , like the constitution test , and stuff . ( realize he 's vomit nonsense ) I be ben. bev smile , knowingly . it 's clear he like she . Ben notice a faint yellow bruise on she forearm . bev notice he notice . beverly ( off Ben 's look ) I slip in the shower . what 's you excuse ? BEN I fall on three box of donut . beverly laugh . beverly well , see ya around Ben from sosh class . " get laid in the shade . " BEN uh , you too , beverly . " stay cool . " Ben watch she go , totally smitten . beverly k.i.t. int . will denbrough's house - day Dust collect on the piano in the live room . a stale quiet suffocate the house . the only sound the tick of a clock and the distant yell of play child . 14 . int . will denbrough's house - will be room - same will denbrough lace he shoe . as he leave he room , he notice the door to George 's room be open , he father , zach denbrough ( 30 ) , lose in think notice he . zach ( without emphasis ) hey champ . go out to play ? will yeah , dad . will look like he want to say more , but do not have the word to articulate it . int . will denbrough's house , live room - day jumping down the stair and round the corner , he see he catatonic mother , silhouett by the midday light , sit in the darkness , stare blankly at the piano . will hi , ma. grow accustom to he parent 's lack of communication , he sift through a pile of unopened mail on the dining table and find he report card . open it . all a 's . will ( cont 'd ) I get my report card . he hold the paper limply in he hand . she do not acknowledge he and instead get up and slide the door shut to the piano room . int . eddie kaspbrak' house - day Eddie , richie , will , and Stan scramble in the front door like feral animal . a enormous 300 - pound woman sit in the live room do a puzzle on she own stomach . sonia kaspbrak ( 40s ) . eddie hi Mom . will Mrs. kaspbrak . richie ma'am . 15 . int . eddie' kitchen - day they raid the kitchen , stuff capri sun , ding dong , whatever snack they can find into they backpack . Mrs. kaspbrak call from the room . mrs . kaspbrak Eddie -bear , where be you boy off to ? richie eddie-bear ? will elbow he . will just my backyard , Mrs. k . we get a new , uh , badminton set . mrs . kaspbrak okay . just do not go roll around too much on that grass , sweetie . especially if it 's just be cut . you know how you allergy get . eddie yes , mar . mrs . kaspbrak be not he cute , boy ? so cute . she wiggle she fat toe at he . he 's mortify . will cutest boy we know , Mrs. kaspbrak . richie the miss America of cute boy . seriously . eddie bye mar . fast as they come the boy blow out the front door . ext . STREET in front of library - day will , Rich , and Eddie speed past the library . 16 . int . public library - day all green globe , curving iron staircase , and shadowy charm . a librarian , mrs . starret ( 5as ) place a stack of book in front of Ben . mrs . starret be not it summer vacation ? I would think you would be ready to take a break from the book . BEN I like it in here . it 's -- he glance at a newspaper behind she : " body found near canal not that of coen youth , borton announce . " safe . BEN ( cont 'd ) inspiring . Mrs. starret smile sweetly at this large boy . mrs . starret well , even with all this terrible disappear of kid business , a boy should be with he friend , outside , have fun . she start stamp he book . chuchunp . BEN ( embarrassed ) I will try , Mrs. starret . chuchunp . chuchump . mrs . starret what be all this for anyway ? chuchump . BEN I be read about the history of this place . you know how many spooky thing have -- one -armed old man Excuse I , miss ? a one -armed old man come up behind they wear a u.s.s. Indianapolis cap . one -armed old man ( cont 'd ) where 's the child 's section ? 17 . chuchump . Mrs. starret slide Ben he stack of book . int . beverly house , kitchen - day beverly open she fridge . there 's nothing in it but a plastic jug of margarine , some half - mold white bread , and suspect milk . she sniff the milk . int . beverly house , live room - moment later beverly sip the milk , leave a wholesome white mustache on she upper lip . she look up to see ... her mother , mrs . marsh ( 30 ) , a former prom queen long since fade , watch she . study she . mrs . marsh bev. beverly yeah , mommy ? Mrs. marsh sound like she might be on sedative . mrs . marsh you have you monthly , yet ? beverly what mommy ? mrs . marsh bleed , between you leg ? disgust , beverly shrink . beverly no . why ? mrs . marsh soon , soon I figure . and then you will be a woman . she sit down next to beverly , grasp with she clammy palm beverly 's free hand . mrs . marsh ( cont 'd ) when it happen , once every 27 day , you will bleed , and you ' will bleed the most right before the end . 18 . beverly , squeamishly try to remove she hand from she mother 's , but the harder she pull away the harder the mother hold onto she . mrs . marsh ( cont 'd ) I want you to go to the pharmacy today . to be prepare . you will need to buy this . Mrs. marsh hold up a bloody tampon from a string . int . derry synagogue - day the rabbi and Stan read the torah . Stan be repeat and learn pronunciation of the word for he bar mitzvah . he start to lose attention as he look around the ornate room and the beam of light finger out from the window . rabbi be you pay attention ? stan yes , sir . rabbi pay attention , son . this be important . this be about you become a man . stan I be . I be take this very seriously rabbi . the rabbi remove he glass and look at Stan . his thought carry he away . rabbi not everyone get this opportunity , stanley . stanley nod . rabbi ( cont 'd ) my son , God bless he , might never get a bar mitzvah . do you realize that ? the rabbi square up to stanley , hold both of he shoulder . 19 . rabbi ( cont 'd ) we may never see he again , he may be dead now . and death be forever , stanley , you do not come back from death . stanley nod as the rabbi start to tear up . he pull stanley in close to he , as if stanley be he own long lose son . stanley , press against the rabbi can hardly breath . stan rabbi , I need to go pee . the rabbi cry . stan ( cont 'd ) rabbi , can I go pee please ? the rabbi stop , distance himself from Stan again and look deep into he eye . rabbi of course . he let he go . int . derry synogogue , downstair - moment later stanley walk down the old , molding stone stair to the basement of the synogogue . it 's a round staircase that spiral into the deeper foundation of the building . he can not find the bathroom , but he do see the mikveh -- a cleanse room for the woman of a synogogue during they monthly . it drip water and be light by a spare light bulb . int . synogogue , mikveh - same stanley walk in , know no one be watch he and unzip he pants to relieve himself in the pool of water . suddenly , he notice something bubbling from below . a naked woman , she pale white skin glow from the light . he back away and quickly zip up he pants . the woman rise to the surface , exhaling a long hold breath of air . she dry the water from she eye and look at stanley , not at all bother by she nakedness or stanley 's witness of it . 20 . naked woman you like look at my body ? stan I ... i. naked woman it 's okay , I will not tell anyone . she look down towards she private , still below the water . naked woman ( cont 'd ) do you want to see the rest of I ? her hand slowly move towards she pussy , touch herself . stanley start to back away . stan I should probably be get back - naked woman you be go to be a man soon , will not you ? I will show you mine if you show I yours . she start to get out of water . angle from behind she as she step out of the water , towards he . the naked woman 's back be full of sore and bleed , she butt shred and rotten . and as she rise from the water , we see that she leg have be reduce to bone and gristle . naked woman ( cont 'd ) come here stanley , come float with I . stanley trip over himself back peddle . he turn around and jet out of the room just as the naked woman lunge . int . derry synogogue , MAIN floor - second later stanley run up and into the arm of dorsey coen' mother , breathless . he look up at she and scream and run out of the building . the mother look at the rabbi , perplex . he shrug and clean up from they study session . int . public library - day Ben sit at a table of six by himself , flipping through book on derry's history . 21 . indian , colonization , disappearing settlement , logging , murder , massacres , it get more and more violent . glancing up , he see ... the one -arm old man plunk a nickel into a jar and take a stamped post card from a tray by the door . a poster there read : libraries be for writing too . why not write a friend today ? ext . public library - later Ben sit on the step , postcard in he lap . he click a pen open and , brow furle in concentration , dash off a haiku . BEN ( whisper it outloud ) you hair be winter fire , JANUARY ember my heart burn there , too . ext . canal STREET - later Ben be about to the drop the postcard into a mailbox when have second thought . he hold it just over the slot . we see that it 's address to : miss beverly marsh , lower MAIN STREET , derry maine , zone 2 . Ben close he eye , steel he courage and lets go . travis ( o.c . ) hello hot tit . Travis , snatch , hockstettler , and Victor prowl toward he . Ben bolt , ass swinging back and forth like a girl . Travis and he gang take off after he ... ext . kansas STREET - continuous it 's no contest . Ben round the corner and just make the kissing bridge , a historic cover wooden bridge carve with thousand of heart crossing right where the canal turn into the wild , untamed barren , kenduskaeg stream rush below . travis gotcha ! they snag Ben and fling he against the railing . Travis flip up he sweatshirt , expose he fat belly , and slap it hard . Ben scream like a rabbit , whipsawing back and forth . 22. snatch look at that gut ! victor sound like a pig . do not he sound just like a pig ? Victor squeal like a pig in Ben 's face . BEN you better quit , I swear . Travis pull a buck knife from he jeans . Ben 's eye go wide . travis or what ? you will go cry to mama ? I will give you something to cry about . Ben look around for help . a car come slowly down the street . Travis hide the knife , press its steel against Ben 's white belly . travis ( cont 'd ) go ahead . yell . you will be pick you fuck intestine off you sneaker . the old couple behind the wheel catch eye with BEN , see he tear , and step on the accelerator . Ben see a clown riding in the back seat , grin -- pennywise . travis ( cont 'd ) okay , tit . it 's exam time . first question : when I say ` let I copy ' during final what do you say ? BEN yes ! I say yes ! okay ! copy all you want ! travis that 's good . now how can we make sure that stick ? BEN I don 't -- in two quick motion Travis slashes a bright red " T " in ben' belly . snatch and Victor laugh . hockstettler pull out he lighter and a can of hairspray . 23. hockstettler let I light he head on fire like Michael Jackson . hockstettler jettison a fireball with he make - shift flame thrower , just past Ben 's head . travis no ! hold he . I be gonna carve my entire name on he cottage cheese fill ass . Ben be too shocked to scream . he look over he shoulder at the stream behind he , then back at Travis 's bloody blade . travis ( cont 'd ) now say it with I . what come after t? Ben plant he heel in Travis 's chest and launch himself backward over the railing , out of the grip of Victor and snatch . Travis be knock back on he ass onto the pavement . ext . kenduskaeg stream - continuous Ben tumble down the culvert , fetching up hard against a fall tree . he pick himself up , eye to eye with a hub cap travis oh , you be dead , tit . Travis come leaping over the railing with the knife , Victor and snatch right behind . Ben grab the hub cap and hurl it pelting Travis in the face Travis trip up , take down Victor and snatch with he . they all splash down in the stream , where Travis lose the knife . Ben dart off across the water into a thicket of wood . the barren Travis grope around for he lose knife , suddenly hysterical . travis ( cont 'd ) my knife , goddamn it ! I lose my daddy 's knife ! Victor and snatch help Travis search the stream , they hand pass right by where the blade be wedged under a log . 24 . ext . the barren - day another boy 's hand fish around under water and grasp upon something . on will as he pull out a sneaker . behind he ... richie and stan throw branch , rock , whatever into the middle of the stream try to dam it up . richie c'mon eds get you ass down here and help . eddie pace the embankment with they shoe and sock and backpack . he look anxious . eddie no way . there 's sixty million disease in that stream . it 's gray water . richie what 's gray water ? eddie tell `em will . you dad work for the public work . will be study the sneaker . will it 's like where all the wash water and storm drain runoff go . eddie sewer water . pee and poop . I be tell you guy you be splash around in derry 's toilet . richie and Eddie shrug and continue building they dam . richie smell alright to I . will eddie guy ? seriously . I do not know why we be down here . there 's poison ivy and mosquito and God know what else could get we sick . not to mention we be all alone down here . what if we run into that psycho who 's be pick off kid . 25 . will richie guy -- I overhear my mom talk to my aunt in bangor . she say it 's a sex fiend . some drifter . but no one from derry . could not be . will guy ! shut up ! they all shut up and turn to will . richie whatcha get there willy boy ? will come sloshing up . he flip richie the sneaker . will look inside . richie do . " dorsey coen " be write in black marker . richie Son of a-- richie toss it to Stan who drop it like a hot potato . will Stan , you idiot . stan sorry . eddie what 's the big deal ? it 's just a sneaker . will have to fish it back out of the water . will it 's Dorsey coen 's sneaker . eddie shit . this be not good , guy . this seriously be not good . we should go . richie how do you think Dorsey feel ? running around this wood with only one friggin ' shoe . will if he 's still run . 26 . stan what if ... he 's still around here ? they all lock eye . will and richie come to a decision . they pick up stick and start sloshing down stream where the shoe be find . Stan stay freeze . will Dorsey ! richie Dorsey ! eddie guy -- guy stop . we be gonna get in trouble . richie for what ? eddie I do not know . disturb evidence . contaminate a scene . we should just mark where we find the shoe and leave a anonymous note to Chief borton . my mom would have a major cow if she know I be play down here , I kid you not . richie shit , eds you get within twenty foot of a peanut she have a whole herd . I do not want to think what she will have if you come home with another kid 's corpse . eddie that 's not funny , richie . that 's so not funny . will , please . will I be with richie . if I be Dorsey I would want we to look for I . eddie Fine . you guy can do what you want but I be go . I have no interest in see the muddy mangle body of some -- he turn to see BEN stumble from the wood all bloody . Eddie scream and sloshes out into the stream he be so assiduously avoid . 27 . they all see Ben . richie Holy friggin ' mose . what happen to you ? BEN collapse on the river bank . the boy rush to he side . ext . up - mile hill - day Mike streak past home and business on he bike , riding into the CENTER of downtown . he carry a package of meat on he bike . int . costello' market - day Mike make he delivery and get cash from mr . costello , the grocer . int . derry saving and loan - day Mike deposit the money and take a free lollypop from the teller . ext . derry saving and loan - day Mike step outside , throw up the kick , and push he bike out into the street . will 's crew whooshes past on they bike , will and Eddie , and Stan and bloody Ben riding double . richie head up , homeschool ! mike eat I , townie ! ext . kissing bridge - day Travis , snatch , Victor , and hockstettler be still look for the knife in the water under the bridge . snatch it probably get wash away , Travis . Travis grab Victor by he collar and growl in he face . 28 . travis it be not be wash away . it 's be steal . victor stolen , by who ? Travis point up the embankment at Mike , bike home over the bridge . travis that nigger right there . ext . country road - day Mike bike home , suck on the lollypop , when he notice something come up fast behind he . travis and he boy in a beat up tran be . he start peddle faster . see the kitchener ironworks sign ahead and skid right down its path towards the ghostly titanic ruin . ext . field - kitchener ironworks - day Mike look around for a place to hide , a bird spook off from the twisted carcass of the factory building . the penobscot River flow behind . Travis and he boy skid to a stop in the field , machinery block they pursuit by car so they jump out on foot . Mike find a smokestack lay in shattered section in the grass . he stare into its big black bore , pick up a loose tile , and pitch it in . it land with a faint echo in the darkness . int . kitchener ironworks - moment later Travis , snatch , Victor and hockstettler search for Mike in the skeletal remains of the old ironwork structure itself , a open wound of twisted iron beam . oblivious to any danger other than they own volatile potential , we get a sense that around every corner , some ominous figure be just ducking out of sight . Mike clock they from inside the smokestack , the dodge around the perimeter of the ironwork structure . 29 . he near the cellar hold , a yawn chasm on the edge of the ruin . see a derry historical Society plaque : on these premise a explosion take the live of 102 soul ( 88 child ) easter sunday , 1906 . may they rest in peace pennywise appear across the cellar hold over he shoulder . when Mike look up from read pennywise be gone . Mike look back across the weedy field to the fence , he bike still lean against it . it seem a million mile off . ext . kitchener ironworks Travis and the boy continue to explore the far side of the factory , sense Mike may have make a run for the river . int . / ext . kitchener ironworks sense a opportunity , Mike book it back to he bike . int . kitchener ironworks hockstettler notice something off screen . walk towards it . follow hockstettler we see what he see : a lone balloon , as if just leave the grasp of a child , float up in the air . hockstettler what the fuh ... he look back at Travis and the other , who be sniff out the weed near the river . ext . kitchener ironworks Mike get to he bike and start push it up the hill . he look back towards the factory . Travis and he boy still have not come back to they car . Mike pedal home . 30 . int . kitchener ironworks Travis , angry they do not find Mike huff back across the field , throw a piece of scrap pipe he find against a giant corrugate wall . the entire factory vibrate with the gong sound . travis let 's go ! that jungle monkey be not here no more . Travis walk obliviously past a easter egg , smear with bloody fingerprint , but hockstettler see it , pick it up . hockstettler I be stay . the three of they turn towards hockstettler like he 's insane . travis why ? hockstettler I do not know . ( laughing ) I want to see its inside . he point towards the door lead to the dark innard of the factory . hockstettler ( cont 'd ) you guy want to come ? travis ( disgust ) why the- Hell no . you mental ? this place give I the creep . ext . kitchener ironworks Travis and the other load up and peel off in they car . hockstettler watch they leave , a cloud of dust in they place , then turn towards the darkest part of the factory , as if pull deeper into the core unconsciously . angle over cellar hold , hockstettler peer in . he grab a handhold and sway over its cavernous depth . hockstettler Pov : nothing but darkness . hockstettler take out he lighter and hairspray , launching a fire ball that illuminate the cavern below . 31 . monolith of rusted machinery , half - submerge in stagnant puddle of black mud . and for a instance , a clown . pennywise . then blackness again . hockstettler see it , but do not believe it . he unleash another fire ball . for a second we see the face of dead child amongst the monolith . hockstettler be not sure if he 's see right . he walk in , the hair rise on the back of he neck . int . cellar hold - same hockstettler carefully maneuver he way down into the hold . his foot , blindly tapping for purchase . hockstettler I be not afraid . any you ghost down here can not hurt I . as if it be a mantra , to make himself feel less scared . hockstettler ( cont 'd ) I see ghost . I do they in they butt hole . and out of the darkness ... pennywise do they float ? he freeze . do he hear that or be that in he head ? hockstettler I , I - who 's there ? hockstettler light a ball of hair spray , it illuminate the wall near he , but nothing far away . hockstettler ( cont 'd ) there 's no one down here . there 's no one that can hurt I . he move down deeper . light the hair spray again , and for second , we think we glimpse , deeper in the shadow , pennywise . pennwise ( whispering ) Patrick ... answer I . 32 . now sure he 's hear something , Patrick stop . his breathe start to rapidly increase . he want to back up , but he 's freeze . he lift up he hair spray can , finger shaking on the plastic nozzle , he lift the lighter . clink . the flint light up the small flame . sputter in the flow air in the cellar . his breathe be arrhythmic , compress . pennywise because down here , we all float . he spray . the flame spit out and out of the darkness , pennywise the clown leap onto hockstettler , tumble he into the cellar hold , he drop the lighter and hairspray , which roll down to the foot of a child . a dead child . ext . keene's pharmacy - day the pack of boy , will , richie , Ben , and Eddie come bike down Center Street and swing into richard's alley . they jump off , bike clatter to the pavement . will okay richie , you and ... BEN ben. will Ben stay here . we will get some bandage and stuff . will and Eddie race in , leave Ben and richie in the alley which be emblazon with a colorful mural about the FBI 's ambush of the infamous Bradley gang , a celebrate slice of derry town history . BEN thanks for help I . richie you be not the only one on bower 's shitlist . Ben nod , grateful for the company . he notice in the mural , in one of the window , a clown watch the ambush with glee . int . keene's pharmacy - day Eddie snatch cotton ball and antiseptic and bandage off the shelf like a expert . he check the price . 33. eddie woah , that 's a lot of money . will ? will pull out one crumble dollar . will all I get . you get a account here do not you ? eddie you crazy ? my mom find out I buy this stuff for myself I will have to spend the whole weekend in the emergency room get x- ray . will well we need to do something . that kid out there look like someone kill he . they glance at the mirror where mr. keene ( 70 ) the grumpy , eagle - eye pharmacist watch they like a hawk . beverly ( o.s. ) you consider a diversion ? they all turn to beverly , who stand there sly and smile . will huh ? beverly you friend there . he have that thingy he always carry around in he cute little fannypack right ? eddie my epipen jr.? beverly yeah . for when he spazze out . eddie I do not spaz . that be allergic reaction . life threaten allergic reaction . beverly whatever . the point be he have a track record right ? of spazzing out . eddie I don 't -- 34 . will eds , shut up . she 's on to something . int . same - moment later - day Mr. keene fill prescription . Eddie flop out of the aisle clutching he throat . will and beverly run out after . will oh no . Eddie ! Eddie ! beverly I know I should not `a give he that granola . Mr. keene ! mr. keene you guy know the drill , do not you ? will fish the EPI - pen from the fanny pack . will I be a pacifist . beverly my mom do not like I handle needle . annoy , keene come out from behind the counter . he kneel next to Eddie and take the pen , plunging it into he thigh . will screen beverly as she shoplift the supplies and slip out the store . Eddie open he eye , breathe normal . eddie thanks , Mr. keene . that one be a real shit kicker . ext . keene's pharmacy - day will and Eddie race out laugh . bev be wait on the curb to meet they . she flip will the steal goods . beverly not bad for a bunch of amateur . she flash a pack of stolen cigarettes and strut off towards she house . they love this girl . will close Eddie 's mouth and they hustle round the corner into richard's alley . will we get it ! 35 . he flip Ben he medicine . Stan run up from behind , still look blanch from he synogogue experience . eddie shit Stan , what happen to you ? you look like you have see a ghost . stan nothing . he see Ben there , look like a train wreck . stan ( cont 'd ) what happen to he ? int . police station - day angle on a close - up of the " coen shoe " place on a desk in front of chief borton and officer bower , Travis ' hillbilly father . will be alone in the room with they while -- int . police station - MAIN bull pen - same Ben , all bandage up , look on with Eddie , richie , and Stan as will speak to the police officer . BEN beverly be there ? eddie yeah . BEN and she steal this stuff for I ? stanley want Ben to shut up , but Ben be beyond excited . BEN ( cont 'd ) do she know it be for I ? richie I do not think she even know you be alive man . BEN stan yes she do . what 's go on in there ? richie ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? he 's hand `em the kid 's shoe . it 's riveting . Ben check he timex , crack but work . 36 . richie ( cont 'd ) take a lickin ' and keep on tickin ' , huh ? BEN my mom give it to I so I would not be late for curfew . eddie I think he mean you , Big Ben . the boy shove he playfully . Ben shove back . BEN it 's funny , `til the last week I do not think anyone know my name . richie you be pretty friggin ' hard to miss . eddie guy , you think whoever kidnap Dorsey might of , I dunno ... get georgie too ? richie BEN if he creep in storm drain , who 's georgie ? maybe . eddie ( cont 'd ) will 's little brother . or be . before you time . richie will will not talk about it but the kid 's arm get rip clean off in a flash flood or something . richie turn towards Stan , who 's be unnaturally quiet this whole time . richie ( cont 'd ) cat get you tongue ? stan what ? richie eddie why be you so quiet ? what 's Chief borton go to do with a shoe ? stan BEN I be not . I be listen . a storm drain . crazy . 37 . will step out . richie well ? eddie what do he say ? will nothing . thanked I for be a good young citizen . richie so let 's get outta here . Police station always make I feel guilty of something . ext . old cape STREET - day the five loser bike home , will and Eddie , Stan and Ben riding double . will skid up to a chain link fence by the rail yard . Eddie jump off to take he usual short cut . they all splinter off they different way . eddie later day . richie barren ? do not fag out . will fag you later . int . will be house - night will lay out on the carpet in front of the tv , eat ice cream from a carton . his parent sit on opposite end of the couch like bookend , father flip through a popular mechanic . his mom stare at the tv , she mind elsewhere . there seem to be no connection between any of they . will I find something today . no response . finally he Mom stir . sharon you say something honey ? will that miss coen boy . I find a clue . 38 . his parent flash look . zach stay out of it , will . let the police handle this thing . they go back to watch tv . will try for some sort of connection . will what about arcadia ? his dad stop mid flip , all the air go out of the room . will ( cont 'd ) we have not talk about we park trip at the end of the summer . usually by now we be all look at the brochure together . we have so much fun there every -- will 's dad throw the magazine down . zach enough . he storm out to he workshop . Sharon be too upset to look she son in the eye . will what do I say ? sharon nothing ... you father , it 's just too much to deal with right now . will I will mow lawn . paint fence . whatever . sharon it 's not that . she lose it for a moment , then compose herself . sharon ( cont 'd ) you brother just look forward to this trip so much . that park be he favorite place in the world . she take will 's carton and retreat into the kitchen . will be leave all alone , tv blaring , spoon hang over nothing . 39 . will mine too . int . beverly apartment - night a slummy apartment over lower Main Street . a Red Sox game blare on from somewhere down the hall . we track down the hallway and pan just as beverly start to unzip she pants and close the door . int . beverly apartment , bathroom - night beverly finish pee . she reach for toilet paper but there be not any . she rifle through the toiletry under the old fashioned sink basin look for anything she can use - child voice ( o.s. ) help I . beverly look around for the voice , startle . child voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) help I , beverly . it come from the sink drain , above she head . she stand , she pants still around she ankle , lean forward over the basin , look down into the dark void . beverly be s-someone there ? nothing . bev' eye peer down through the circle of light . child voice ( o.s. ) we all want to meet you , beverly . she gasp , backpedal , pull up she pants . beverly who be you ? the single voice turn into a cacophony , bubbling up through the age . child voice ( o.s. ) I be Matthew ... I be Dorsey ... I be Veronica ... I be georgie ... come play with we down here ... come play with the clown ... you will float , beverly . oh how you will float ... 40 . terrify , beverly dash out . int . beverly apartment , live room - night bev find her father ( 40s ) asleep in front of the tv , still in he janitor 's uniform from derry Home Hospital . his toolbelt be throw up on the coffee table . she tip -toe over and steal the tape measurer . int . beverly apartment , bathroom - night beverly stand over the sink basin , tape measurer in hand . the voice be silent . she unfurl the tape into the drain , its tip disappear into the void . foot by foot she snake the tape into the drain , until it 's fully extend at 20 foot . she wait for a voice . nothing . slowly , she begin to reel the tape back in , count down the length as it wind back in . 16 foot ... 15 foot ... 14 foot ... at 13 feet viscous blood coat the tape . beverly gasp and drop the measurer . it go clatter into the sink , the tape coiling up like a snake , blood flicker everywhere as she stumble back , trip into the shower . blood gout up from the sink drain like a demonic ejaculation -- blood splatter the mirror , the wallpaper , bounce off wall and cover beverly . she scream and run out the door ... int . beverly apartment , live room - night ... into she father , who come charge up the hall . she scream again , recoil away . mr. marsh what the devil 's get into you , girl ? beverly the bathroom ! daddy , in the bathroom -- his arm shoot out and grab her wrist like a vice . 41 . mr. marsh someone peek at you , bevvie ? huh ? beverly no ... the sink ... in the sink ... he stalk past , drag she behind he . they step into ... int . beverly apartment , bathroom - night Mr. marsh look around , eye wide , blood splatter everywhere , but the blood do not register with he . he shove she against the wall . hard . mr. marsh you know I hate gettin ' rough with you . I never do when you do not deserve it . he point back to the gory sink . mr. marsh ( cont 'd ) what 's my tape measurer doin ' outta my toolbelt ? he step over and grab the blood - coated tape , clipping it onto he belt , blood on he hand now too . he do not seem to see any of it . only beverly can . she realize this . mr. marsh ( cont 'd ) answer I girl . he raise he hand . beverly the sink ... I be ... I think I see a spider ... uncertain whether he will hit she anyway , she close she eye and prepare for a smack . mr. marsh ( smiling ) a spider ? beverly yes , sir . I be sorry for waking you . he lower he hand , gentle now , proprietary . 42 . mr. marsh I worry about you , bevvie . I worry a lot . smooth out she hair over she forehead . the blood on she face like finger paint . this be when he scare she the most . mr. marsh ( cont 'd ) you know why I do not drink or smoke or chase after woman like other father do ? beverly because you love momma ? mr. marsh not just she , bevvie . you . you be almost a woman now , too . and I get I all I need right here at home . he rest he forehead against hers , breathes in she scent , go back down the hall to he game . int . detail on ceiling - night angle on a wet , dark spot as it grow on a white plaster ceiling , the first droplet of water form . slow motion as it break away and fall through space ... smash CUT to : int . will be bedroom - night ...onto will 's head . he do not stir . but then it be follow by several other . finally , he awake . look up . a leak in the ceiling . will flip back he cover . int . bathroom hallway - night will grab a bucket from a utility closet and , walk back , see georgie 's room 's door open ... int . george' bedroom - night will enter , the room freeze in time . georgie' toy BOX be open . photograph and poster line the wall . 43. STAR war bedsheet crisp and military tight on the bed . a Lego turtle on the night stand . will pick it up . will sit down , turtle in hand , and indulge in the sadness that have engulf he home for month . the loss of he brother hit he full force , he close he eye to fight back the tear , but cannot . he cry for George . photograph of George , illuminate by pass car , seem to watch he from the wall . a shadow seem to stretch across georgie 's room from the doorway . will look up but no one be there . int . corridor - will be house - night will step out of George 's room and find dark footprint in the carpet . he lean down and touch one -- squishy and wet . they track down the dark staircase . will , heart pound , follow the wet footprint down the stair , careful not to step in any of they . will hello ? dad ? int . downstair - will be house - day at the bottom of the stair will find the footprint lead toward the kitchen where ... will ma ? will see a yellow flash of something ducking around the corner . startle , will drop the Lego turtle , which smashes into piece and scatter across the wood floor ... will hear georgie be " code " call from the open scene . it come from the kitchen will look back up the stair half - expect he parent to wake up . nothing but a eerie silence . he gather he courage and follow the wet footprint into ... 44 . int . kitchen - will be house - day will step in , face to face with the cellar door , the door creak close , light snap on behind it , footprint disappear down into the cellar . will ( voice quivering ) georgie ? will respond with he own " code " call . there be no immediate response will slowly approach the door and reach out for the handle , but stop with second thought . he start back away , too spook to go down , when he hear ... a child weeping beyond the door , then ... georgie be " code " call , coming from the basement int . cellar - will be house - day will open the door , rickety stair lead down into darkness , the weeper somewhere in the recess , along with the steady sound of a leak . steeling himself , will descend . he get to the last few rung and be throw off for a moment see he reflection in the basement floor , as if it be a black mirror . he realize the cellar have flooded will look up toward the leak / weep sound and see , curl in the same corner where we have that open Pov ... GEORGE in he yellow slicker . rain roll off he like he 's still in a storm flooding the cellar . he look up at will . GEORGE why would you make I go , willy ? will georgie ? will move to step into the water when he hesitates , hold he foot over it . he look to georgie whose expression of distress seem insincere . GEORGE help I , willy . 45 . will grab a rake from the wall and poke its tip into the water . it 's a good six inch deep . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you will float . Water and muck pour from he mouth as he say this last word , a endless cascade . will recoil . georgie glide over the water towards will , and we realize there be a creature beyond it , the color of a clown 's costume , pennywise , prop up georgie 's body like a meat puppet . horrify , will race up the stair as ... pennywise cross the flood basement and scuffles up the step after will , arm and leg splay out like a charge crocodile , georgie 's limp corpse strapped to he back . will slam the door on pennywise 's / georgie 's gross face . int . will denbrough's house , will room will slam the door of he room and hide in he bed . pant . the door knob start to rattle . drip . will look up . the leak from the ceiling get worse . the door knob rattles even more . shake until it seem like its go to fall off . silence . will approach the door . he grab a baseball bat and prepare to attack . swing open the door , ready to swing ... it 's he father . zach will . see the bat . zach ( cont 'd ) easy ! what 's wrong ? what 's all the noise about ? will exhales , safety . will there 's a leak in my ceiling . then I go to check the cellar and its flooded and -- Zack look at will 's ceiling . 46 . zach where 's the leak , son ? will point at it but nothing register for Zach . int . will be house , basement door - moment later will and Zach stand over the stairwell . Zach turn the light on and walk down , much to will 's horror , into a puddle of water . zach dry as a bone , will . sure it be not just a dream ? will hold himself , too freak out to speak . ext . edge of the barren - morning will , Stan , richie , Ben and Eddie stand at the edge of a police cordon . Beyond , chief borton and a line of police officer , sheriff' deputy and volunteer sweep the wood with blood hound . richie but we get a project we be work on out there . chief borton barren 's will be off limit for now , kid . go on into town and play there . they all look on in disappointment . then pick up they bike and head back into town . a dog pick up a scent near a morlock hole -- a cement cylinder that stick about four foot out of the ground with a vent iron manhole cover stamp : derry sewer department . a drine come from somewhere deep within . Officer butch bower arrive with news for Chief borton . officer bower we have get another one , Chief . chief borton another what ? officer bower kid go miss . 47 . chief borton dear Lord . who be it ? officer bower one of my son 's friend . Patrick hockstettler . pan over to reveal Travis , wait meekly inside Officer bower ' squad car . chief borton the family notify you directly ? Officer bower nod for Travis to approach . officer bower then I do a little investigate of my own . ( to travis ) tell he what you tell I , boy . Travis do not know where to start . officer bower ( cont 'd ) tell he , damn it ! tell he who you last see he with . ( he turn to Chief borton ) the negro boy from outside of town . the one who run the abatoir . int . beverly apartment - morning ben' haiku be propped on a night stand . beverly stir awake . her sheet and pillow be smear with blood . her face crust with dry gore . groggy , and nearly sleep walk , she sit up and walk out without take stock . int . beverly bathroom - morning bev open the door , wiping she eye she approximate the sink , bend over to wash she face and eye . with the first crust of blood remove from she eyelid , she look into the mirror and let 's out a choke , exhaling gasp of horror . surrounded by brown and crusty wallpaper , be beverly 's realization that the blood be not a dream . beverly 's Mom appear in the doorway . beverly turn to she , speechless , in shock . 48 . mrs . marsh darling , sometimes I look at myself in the morning and think the same thing . beverly tiptoe out of the horror scene . she shyly look at she mother as she dry she hair over a blood - drench sink , oblivious to it all . mrs . marsh ( cont 'd ) look at this root . beverly be speechless . int . handlon abattoir - day puddle of blood seem to lap like small wave towards we . pan up to reveal Mike and leroy sweeping the blood and water out of the slaughtering pen . Officer bower follow by several police officer enter the facility . officer bower leroy hanlon ? leroy turn and notice the officer for the first time . officer bower ( cont 'd ) we need to bring in you boy for question . leroy for what ? officer bower Police business . Mike turn to he father , frighten , shaking he head . leroy we need a lawyer ? he look at Mike , search for any indication what this could be about . Travis appear in the distance and Mike instantly know . mike dad , it 's - Officer bower roughly grab Mike by the neck and start to lead he out . 49 . officer bower let 's go , boy . leroy hey ! no need for that . he grab Officer bower by the arm . bower quickly and excessively put leroy in a wrist lock and throttles he against the kill pen fence . leroy moan in pain . officer bower search this place , now . it 's the perfect place to hide a body if you ever need to . Officer bower look around in disgust . Travis smile from the safety of distance and local power . leroy this be not right ! you need a warrant , you can not just - leroy seize he arm , then he chest , then crumple to the ground , lose consciousness in the puddle of blood . mike dad ! Mike try to rush for he but he be forcefully escort to a wait police car . other officer look to bower for direction . Officer bower turn leroy over . officer bower call a ambulance . ext . ben' house , bedroom - day all of the boy have gather in Ben 's room . a aimless summer morning with nothing to do . they play with he junk and be generally turn he room over . will examine a pair of walkie-talky not unlike he own . richie whoa , what 's with the history project , benny-boy ? richie notice that Ben 's wall be cover in xerox copy and historical drawing , all relate to derry 's history . 50 . BEN oh , uh , when I first move here I do not have anyone to play with or anything , so I just start hang out in the Library . all of the boy turn and look at ben. seriously ? richie eddie what be you , the " reading he 's a regular jordy laforge . rainbow " ? Stan take a closer look . stan why be it all , like , people get kill and miss kid and stuff ? BEN I do not know . there 's just a lot of that here . be that way since the original settler . will , who be more interested in a viewmaster , turn and look at the wall now . see a copy of a old - timey document with 300 signature . incorporation of the TOWNSHIP of derry . will you have a copy of the town Charter . seriously ? BEN derry start as a log camp before it be officially on any map . 300 people sign the charter that make derry derry . a month later they all disappear , without a trace . richie the entire town ? Eddie be freak out by this revelation . BEN the people , the livestock , everything that be alive . stan eddie Jesus . Holy fuck . richie ( to stan ) be not you suppose to be jewish ? 51 . Stan thump richie in the stomach while still pay attention to Ben . BEN people in neighbor settlement think it be Indians or something but there be no sign of a attack . the only clue be a well house that be burnt down to charcoal . richie shit , maybe we could get derry on unsolved Mystery ! Ben point out on a old map that have a translucent modern map draw by hand laid over it , he trace coordinate - BEN it be here . right on the corner of what 's now witcham and Jackson . eddie hey , be not that where will 's brother , georgie - richie slap Eddie in the back of the head . his fierce eye castigate Eddie for not think before speak , Eddie confuse , " wha - ? " will yeah , it 's where georgie die . BEN richie I be sorry . I do not - ( to Eddie ) good job numb nut . will ( cont 'd ) do not worry about it . why do you have all this stuff anyway ? I mean . what be you go to do with it ? will can not take he eye off all of the information . BEN I do not know . it be just a way to kill time , I guess . richie it 's summer , dorkus . if you be gonna kill time , do it right . 52 . ext . bassey park quarry , rope swing - later will , richie , Eddie , Stan , and Ben , stripped to they tightie - whity ( except Ben who still have a T -shirt ) , stand in a line stare at the edge of a rocky outcropping in a quarry turn pond . the black water of the pond forebode , endless . will who 's first . richie Eddie ? eddie screw that . BEN I will go . eddie Ben , with that cut you have on you chest , I be not sure if get in this water - richie will you stop with the grey water shit . you make it seem like any water we get in be like swim in a out-house . BEN what 's grey water ? stan do not get he start . will I will go first . beverly ( o.c . ) too late . the boy turn around to see bev in a one piece summer dress . she pull off the dress quickly , down to she underwear , sprint off the edge and jump into the water . boom . cannonball . the boy , not want to be show up by the girl take one last look at each other and jump in . splash ! splash ! splash ! splash ! splash ! all except for Eddie , who crawl down the rock outcropping and stare at the scream and laugh kid enviously . 53. richie what be you wait for ? why do not you get in you pussy ? Eddie dip the toe of one of he foot in . flabbergasted , richie give up on motivate Eddie . richie dive under the water and swim beneath the kick leg of all he friend , a shark 's p.o.v . he do not see ... pennywise float in from the depth beneath he . on the surface Ben yelp , something yanking he leg . richie surface . BEN very funny , richie . richie I think so . something yank richie 's leg too . hard . he and Ben wait for whoever it be to surface from the inky water . Ben see will , bev , and Stan swim back toward Eddie on the edge of the quarry . they scream and laugh and swim they ass back to land . ext . bassey park quarry , shore - later the six of they now sunbathe on the rock at the edge of the pond . they eye be close , soaking in the vitamin D , except Ben , who can not take he off of beverly 's tanning body . will sit up and look out at the water . it be so black it seem other worldly . not break he stare from the water , he address the group . will do you guy ever feel there 's something wrong with derry . like it 's , I do not know , haunt or something ? eddie haunted how ? will I keep think about Ben 's wall . Ben , happy to have something else to focus on other than beverly , look at will . 54 . BEN you mean how all sort of disaster and disappearance and stuff keep on happen here ? will yeah . it 's strange . Stan open he eye and join in . stan like any town , right ? that 's be around long enough , bad stuff be bound to happen . I mean , have you read the torah ? richie , turn over to work on he back . richie boy , you be ruin my sunbathing vibe with all this chitter chatter . beverly , eye still close , place a cigarette in she mouth and light up . Ben notice she hand shake as she hold the cigarette in she mouth . the smoke swirl and dissipate over they . beverly have you be see " thing " will ? will whip he neck to beverly . he can not tell if she be make fun or if she be seriously ask he for a bridge . will I ... if I tell you guy something you will not think I be crazy . richie we already know you be crazy , will . no judgement here . will I see georgie last night . only . it be not he . eddie like . in you dream ? will no . in my house , he try to get I to go into the basement with he . 55 . richie that be not georgie , that be you neighborhood sex offender make a house call . will shut up richie . it be not just he . I see this other ... I do not know . stan what do you see will ? BEN the clown ? will , Stan and Eddie look at ben. will yes . that 's what it be , a scary look clown . and it have this tooth ... stan I see something , too . in the basement of the synogogue . richie I take it back . I be judge all of you and you be all friggin ' wackos . beverly , still lay there , exhales a long trail of smoke . beverly I need to show you guy something . ext . lower MAIN STREET - day the five boy and beverly stand outside she slummy apartment building . she look frighten to go inside . beverly my daddy will kill I if he find out I have boy in we apartment . BEN be not he at work ? beverly sometimes he come home for a nap . 56 . will we should leave lookout . Ben , Stan , can you ? Ben be ready to protest . then succumb , crestfallen . stan what do he look like ? beverly my daddy ? mean . like a drunk . will , richie and Eddie go with bev. int . beverly apartment - day bev open the door . it creek open . the apartment seem to be empty . afternoon sunlight illuminate float dust mote . she scout around and let they in . will , richie , and Eddie follow she to a close door at the end of the hallway -- the bathroom door beverly in there . richie can you give I a indicator of what I be about to walk into ? beverly you will see . richie I hope it 's Ed McMahon and I have just win publisher clear house 10 million dollar sweepstake . but if it be , you really do not have to go through so much trouble , you could have just bring Ed to the quarry . she have no intention of go in . will push past richie and open the door . eddie oh god. oh god. the blood still there , fade into maroon cloud on the mirror and wallpaper . richie reel back into the hallway with beverly . 57 . she look from richie to will . beverly you really see it ? richie it 's like someone slaughter a pig in here . or a parent . richie be slack jaw . will what happen ? bev be so relieved she almost cry . beverly the sink . it come out from the sink . my parent could not see it . I think I be go crazy . will go to Eddie , who still stand freeze in terror . will you okay , Eddie ? Eddie kaspbrack ? Eddie snap to it , suddenly more compose , resolute even . will ( cont 'd ) ed. go outside . get Ben and send he in here . Eddie just nod and walk out the door . will ( cont 'd ) you see it , do not you , richie ? richie nod . will ( cont 'd ) we can not leave it like this . let 's clean it up . int . beverly bathroom - day will , richie , Ben and bev clean like grim elve , use a bucket of hot water , ajax , and some cloth rag . slowly the blood wash out . reaching for the same rag , will and bev 's hand touch , a spark between they . 58 . ext . beverly apartment - day Stan and Eddie stand lookout on a curb below . stan what 's take they so long ? eddie there be a lot of blood . Eddie shake he head . something disturbing catch he attention . int . beverly bathroom - day will pour the last of pink bucket water down the bathtub drain . the bathroom now as clean as it ever be . the bucket be fill with blood stain rag . richie all I be say be maybe there 's some weirdo go around derry dress as a clown . you know , like the joker in a " Dark knight " comic . some whack job who like to dress up and kidnap kid . will okay , so how do he put georgie in my basement ? beverly or blood in my sink ? richie I do not know . who know how crazy people do thing , right ? pebbles hit the window . richie go over , see Eddie and Stan jump up and down . the sound of footstep come up the hallway . they look at each other , who 's the extra footstep ? int . stair to beverly apartment - day Mr. marsh fumble with he key outside the door . int . beverly apartment - day they race through the apartment to a window that open to fire escape into the alley . bev throw it open and will , Ben , bev , and richie climb through . 59 . will you okay ? beverly I be now . thanks to you guy . the window slam shut behind they just as Mr. marsh enter the hallway . he see a bloody rag on the counter and pick it up , wiping he sweaty face , smear blood all over it . int . police station , chief borton' office - day Chief borton and Officer bower hand Mike 's mom a copy of Mike 's sign statement . he nearly have to defend himself from she anger . chief borton mike' mom ma'am . ma'am . his father be in the hospital ( beat ) in critical condition and ma'am ! you , you be suppose to be protect the child ! chief borton ma'am . we be just do we job , but he 's free to go home with you , now . mike' mom he damn well better be . Officer bower lean into Mike . officer bower you get lucky , boy . could have be you who disappear . be careful next time creep around old place like that . mike I tell you who chase I there . Mike nod to travis bower , who be sit , shamefully , in a office next door to Chief borton 's office . officer bower oh , and he will be punish , do not you worry , I swear on my belt buckle he will . Officer bower smile , look at Travis , whose face reveal he know he will get a whooping that night . 60 . mike' mom c'mon , mikey . you father need we . Mike turn and follow he Mom obediently out of Chief borton 's office . int . police station , bull pen - same on they way out , Mike and he Mom pass will , Ben , bev , Stan , Eddie and richie scramble in the door to the station . richie what happen , homeschool ? Mike say nothing , he eye look forward in anger . will and the other rush toward Chief borton 's office . officer bower ( block the way ) whoa whoa . where do you crumb snatcher think you be go ? will we know what 's be take the kid . Chief ! borton step out . his long day just get worse . chief borton it 's okay , butch . someone try to do something to you kid ? BEN beverly not someone . something . there 's like this spirit . BEN a clown . stan or sometimes it 's something else . eddie only we kid can see it . borton narrow he eye at richie , the only one silent . borton okay , stop . be this you tozier ? do you put they up to this little practical joke . 61 . will no , we all see it . officer bower such wild imagination . too bad we can not bottle they little brain . dry they out and grind they into powder to salt we food . maybe then we would see , what be it again ? borton 's exhaust . he 's have none of it . chief borton you youngster realize there 's a penalty in derry for filing a false police report . I do not want to have to call you parent , now . beverly but we be not lie . chief borton you have any evidence ? the kid all look at each other , stymy . chief borton ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . I do not want to hear another word of this , not here , not a whisper of it anywhere . now go home , all of you . eat dinner with you family , sleep and have sweet dream in you pj 's . and tomorrow , you be go to go play like normal kid and forget all about this fantasy about murder and monster . this be a adult matter . you get it ? BEN but you adult be not do anything ! officer bower watch you tone , boy . the kid all stand there , borton 's big frame intimidating . chief borton I do not see you leave . 62 . ext . police station - day the kid all step outside , morally deflate . will I guess we be on we own . CUT to : title card over the penobscot river : JULY 4th , 1988 ext . derry - aerial - sunset a smoky haze obscure the set sun and rough hew mountain . ext . kansas STREET - dusk crrrrrack ! a mailbox explode as a tran - be speed off , the boy inside it whooping and laugh they head off . the car swing up to another and Travis bower lean out of the window , throw in a sizzling m - 80 . he shut the lid , pull back into the passenger seat , and scream to the driver , Victor . travis go! go! go! Victor hit it and they roar off . snatch and moose sadler ( 16 ) scrunch like sardine in the backseat . they all look back to see ... crrrrrack ! the mailbox explode . the boy share a hip flask bottle of Southern Comfort - travis ( cont 'd ) God I love the fourth . snatch it 's my turn . pass one back . 63. Travis fish the bag full of m - 80s and bottle rocket and they blow another mailbox . int . hospital room - dusk Mike enter , sheepish . leroy be in bed , full of tube to bleep machine . he look decimate . Mike 's mom be on she way out . mike' mom you will be okay ? Mike nod . she squeeze Mike 's shoulder as she go . leroy Mom tell you what 's the what ? mike doctor say it 's inside you bone . and spread . leroy you Mom 's go to need you to be strong , mikey . help keep the abatoir run . Mike nod . mike I will try . leroy you do or you do not do . no try . leroy cough . his lung be fill with fluid . mike it 's my fault . leroy stop that , Mike . there 's no one to blame here . it 's nature take its course . mike you be come home though , right ? leroy look at he son , sadness etched in the line of he sullen face . leroy pull up that seat . 64 . leroy indicate a chair next to the bed . Mike pull it up and sit next to he dad , lean in close . leroy ( cont 'd ) there 's something I never tell nobody . not even you mom . something that I think you should know in case ... mike in case of what ? he cough again . Mike can smell the creep death come from he father 's inside . leroy when I be about you age . I and my buddy would go to this place along the canal ... ext . the black spot - day young leroy ( 13 ) and young dick ( 13 ) sneak up along the rail of the canal outside a raucous , crowded little gin joint . only black folk stand in line to get in , music and reverie blaring from within . the two boy look at all the pretty girl and snazzy man with awe . int . hospital room - dusk mike dad , I be responsible . you do not need to tell I some long tale about drink and drive or safe sex . I will take care of thing - leroy squeeze Mike 's arm , frustrated . harder than he think he could squeeze . leroy I be . not. done . leroy groan through he tooth . leroy ( cont 'd ) this be not about you , Mike . it 's not even about I . it 's about derry . this town be like poison . he cough again . 65 . mike dad ? leroy shut up and listen to I . there be one night , 1960 . I remember because it be August and chubby checker just drop " the twist " . int . the black spot - night a hot hot night , the little shack fill up to the rafter with people dance , twist , enjoy themselves . young leroy and young dick push they way through the sweaty body to a window . they find some floater on the sill there and drink they up . out the window leroy notice ... men in white robe stalk from the wood and light torch . ext . the black spot - night the man in white robe -- the maine legion of decency -- barricade the door with a cart and light the timber on fire . int . the black spot - night smoke start to take over the place . people panic , stampede the door . they do not budge . woman , man be crush against the hot door as people push against they to get out . Young leroy among they . he 's grab by he friend Dick who push he out the window . ext . black spot - night Dick and leroy go stumbling and cough away from the blaze shack , they eye burn with smoke , blind . they trip over the edge into the dark water of the canal . int . hospital room - night he seem to float off into a reverie . leroy worse thing I ever see . and the smell , that awful smell -- all cook flesh . somehow we end up in the water . ( more ) 66 . leroy ( cont 'd ) float in the blackness , I could still hear all they scream . it be not until I surface that I could see the truth of it all . of derry . mike what truth ? leroy I see something , mikey . through the smoke and the burn . something I can not even really explain , but it be there , dickie see it , too . mike what do you see ? a nurse walk in with a chemo bag . nurse Mr. hanlon , you ready ? Mike and leroy lock eye . leroy lean in , whisper so the nurse can not hear . leroy I see what be really responsible for that fire , mikey . not the legion . see that white boy , they be there , but there be something else , orchestrate `em . have `em all in a fit and frenzy , move to he whim . this thing , I do not even know how to describe it ... ext . canal beside the black spot - night a balloon surface from the water , bring with it pennywise . it pull he over to a survivor swim in darkness and pennywise pounce , drag the victim under water . leroy and Dick see this and be horrify . they begin swim back to the edge when a balloon surface nearby , again pull pennywise , he face smear with blood , from the water . it drag the clown toward they . they climb out of the canal just as pennywise get within strike distance . instead he pounce on a woman there , drag she under kick and scream . 67 . on the shore leroy rest in Dick 's arm , the Black Spot now just a heap of smolder char , the grounds litter with burn up body . int . hospital room Mike look at he father , terrify . nurse Mr. hanlon ? leroy ( he grab Mike 's shirt violently ) be careful out there son . especially by the canal . the water in derry be no place for no one , especially a youngster like you . the nurse hook up the chemo bag to leroy 's iv . she turn towards Mike . nurse you might want to wait outside . Mike hesitantly leave the room as she prick the needle into he dad 's catheter , leroy wince . int . hospital , corrider - night Mike step out into the corridor . the hospital seem eerily dark , empty and quiet . a light strobe down the long hall . it draw Mike to it , like a moth to a flame . he turn the corner and see ... a fire alarm pull , white greasy fingerprint on the lever . emergency light strobe along the wall . no sound of a alarm . no doctor or nurse anywhere . suddenly , at the end of the long corridor , a sheep trot out from a door , staccato in the strobing light . it stop , look at Mike , then trot into another door . Mike start after it , baffle . he approach the door the sheep walk into , a stream of water flooding out onto the floor . he stop , the water rush past he foot . he look back behind he , the normally light hallway now far far away . baaa 68 . he hear the sheep just inside the open door . he enter through it without notice the stencil on the glass of the door : " derry county coroner . " int . hospital , coroner' office Mike enter a windowless bunker like room with all the metal corpse locker , metal autopsy table and a sink in the corner , the emergency light still strobing . the sheep be nowhere to be find . instead Mike find , in the middle of the floor under the autopsy table , a drain gurgling up water , the source of the flooding out into the corridor . slam ! the door slam behind he . Mike run over to it , jiggle the lock , but it will not open . behind he , in between flash of the strobe , pennywise appear then disappear ... Mike stop dead , sense it 's presence like he do at the old ironwork . he slowly look back as ... one of the corpse locker door creak OPEN Mike open he mouth to scream but nothing come out . he 's pound on the door . mike somebody ! help ! let I out ! ( beat ) dad ! Mom ! he look over he shoulder while continue to bang . the tray inside the open locker slowly slide out , like a tongue from a mock black mouth . on it , under a white sheet , be a corpse . Mike dare look back just as the sheet catch and the corpse be uncover . it 's none other than patrick hockstettler , whose leg and arm ( up to the elbow ) have be bit off , smaller , child size bite mark cover he body . Mike jump to a corner where he grab a see to defend himself . Water spew up from the drain with more and more pressure , a pool now cover the floor , the edge of which seep toward Mike . 69 . Mike climb up on a chair , afraid of the water , now with a full view of Patrick 's mutilate body . just then patrick turn he head and look at mike patrick it 's kill you daddy , mikey . eat he away . mike shut up . patrick a worm inside a rotten apple . we be all apple , mikey . all of we . you know the thing about apple -- mike stop it . Patrick 's expression turn into a horrific , fearful murmur . patrick -- they float . mike no ! the wall start to slide in . as if the room be shrink . the wall shepherd he towards Patrick 's talk corpse . Mike reach behind he , scraping at the wall , look for anything with purchase . his hand find the FIRE alarm . pull it . this time the alarm sound and the strobe light freeze , the room now fully light . Mike look back , caliper raise , and see the locker door close again , no water on the floor . the door open behind he . it 's the coroner , Chief borton , and patrick parent there to identify the remain of they boy . Mike be nearly catatonic . he hold onto the Chief , catch he breath . chief borton what be you do here , son ? speechless and terrify Mike race past they out of the hospital . 70 . ext . old cape STREET - night Mike walk home , distraught , mindless to the traffic . he be nearly hit by a car as he storm away from the hospital . a tran be turn a corner behind he . headlights on high - beam . it stop . Mike turn , see , realize who it be , run . int . tran am - same Travis climb out of the passenger seat and over to the driver seat . travis move . Victor get out and run around the car . snatch hey , be not that the little shit you dad give you a whoopin ' over ? furious , Travis slam on the gas pedal . Pov of car , give chase to Mike . travis I be gonna run he over . ext . derry side STREET - same Mike run for he life , jump fence , turn corner , and run through pedestrian . Travis ' tran - be can not always speed , due to the amount of people on the street . just when he 's about to get within bite distance , boom . the first of a long series of FIRE - work , explode over the derry sky , illuminate the street in a series of flash . ext . ben' house , rooftop - night will , richie , Stan , and Eddie have gather on Ben 's roof to watch the firework . 71 . boom . the boy " oooh " and " aaaah " while stuff they face with a unholy array of mass snack mean to rot tooth and discolor the finger with multi-color msg fill flavor powder . richie , with sticky finger , pick up a walkie-talkie . richie benny -boy , do not forget the ranch dress . the walkie-talkie sqwuak back . BEN hey richie . eat a bag of dick . boom . again , the sky erupt in dazzle light and color and continue to with firework throughout and until the end of the following scene -- imagine it as the most epic firework display you have ever see . beverly , then Ben , appear from one of the dormer window lead to Ben 's bedroom , with sparkler , bunch of bottle rocket , roman candle and small firecracker . richie ( mimick Paul hogan ) you call that a firecracker ? this be a firecracker . he open he palm , revealing several m - 80s . the boy collectively ` woah ' with excitement . beverly Nice stick , richie . how about this . she open she backpack , revealing a mortar with six turret . all the boy Holy shit ! will think that could take " it " down ? stan eddie how ? we do not even know what that 's a good name for it it be that we be look for . actually . richie what ? eddie " it . " 72 . they nod in agreement . beverly I think it depend . beverly look up from a spread of firework laid out on a red white and blue Captain America towel . eddie on what ? will what we be scared of . it be georgie 's corpse for I cuz , cuz that 's what I care about . it be a naked woman for Stan because he 's so afraid of - richie get laiiiid . stan richie only because you Mom - you really want I to start talk about you Mom ? do not get I start cause it will not stop . will back to point . it shower beverly in blood cuz ... richie cuz blood always freak a girl out . beverly wow , you really do not know shit about girl do you ? will smile . beverly ( cont 'd ) " it " shower I in blood because I just get my period ... and ... Eddie recoil in disgust while beverly 's mind go to dark place , to she father , and what be a " woman " might mean to he now . Ben and will both notice this change in she demeanor . richie I do not need to know that . 73. will it . it 's everything and anything . all we nightmare . all evil , wrap into one . BEN into one freaky look clown you mean . that 's the only form that seem to repeat . richie ironic right ? something that 's suppose to make kid laugh , actually be super freaky . he do it Rick James style . everyone laugh . eddie it make sense though . if it 's kill kid . a clown be the perfect cover . beverly adult just ignore they . but kid , like you brother , georgie ... will they want to get closer . see they trick . just then will see mike run for he life down the street . will ( cont 'd ) shit . be not that - richie Home school . they look where he 's run from and see bower gang , in the tran - be delay by foot traffic . eddie they be go to cream he . stan at least it will not be we problem for a night . beverly that 's cowardly , Stan . 74 . BEN beverly 's right . we can not always hide from they . we need to do something . stan how ? will with this . will point to they arsenal of firework . CUT to : ext . ben' neighborhood - minute later Mike run past family and kid distract by the firework display happen overhead , bower gang almost on he in the tran be . Mike cut between a lawn between two house , hopping a fence . bower hit the gas and fishtail it around the next block to cut Mike off . will and he gang see this and take a short cut of they own . Ben , boy-boob jiggling , take up the rear . ext . neibolt STREET - moment later - night Mike spill out between lawn on neibolt street ; a dead end . there be a small pier that cut into the canal with a old abandon " lock house " at the end . the tran - be roar into view at the other end of the block . revs the engine . int . tran am - night Travis be focus on Mike , who be freeze in the street . travis get the little fucker now . another boy run out with he . will . victor be that that pussy denbrough ? 75 . travis this night just get better and better . Travis slam on the gas . ext . neibolt STREET - night tire screeching . Travis gun it straight for Mike and will . will do not move . mike you nut ? will trust we . we be here to help you take this jerk . mike we ? look to the side , will have he walkie-talkie . will ( into the walkie- talkie ) not yet ... not yet . now ! between the tran - be and Mike and will , Ben and richie heave they shoulder into a large steel dumpster fill with construction material . they push it down a driveway that lead to the street . it creak , start to wobble , then move down the incline . when it hit street level , though , the gutter stop it from go out into line of the tran be . BEN fuck . will see this . will oh shit . abort ! abort ! mike abort ? what do that mean . will run ! they be about to dodge the car when - 76 . beverly jump out fire off she 6 - barrel mortar handheld , aim horizontally , at the car . thump . the recoil throw she back while the rocketing projectile explode in front of the tran - be . Travis and the boy shield they face scream as the front windshield explode . beverly woah ! thump . this one knock she to the ground as the second mortar fly right towards the tran be . Travis yank the wheel to the left as the firework explode on the side of the car . he slam on the break as Victor , snatch , and moose be flung forward . Victor smashes he face on the dash board . mike be that girl for real ? will Real as it get ... now , Stan and Eddie ! Eddie and Stan charge from behind a hedge . lighting bottle - rocket aim at the car . Travis and he boy have to duck for cover as one of the rocket zing through the car . travis that little motherfucker . get out , get out ! the older boy climb out the window , ducking and cover they eye from the onslaught of bottle rocket and roman candle projectile . crouched behind the trunk , Travis light up three m - 80 's with clown face on they and toss they like grenade at beverly , Stan , and Eddie 's position . the m - 80 's blow huge fist size hole in the blacktop , bigger than can possibly be legal , explode gravel pepper the kid , stun they for a moment . stan Holy hell . what kinda gear do they get ? will I do not wanna stay and find out . Ben and richie race up from behind , let loose another barrage as they pass bower ' gang and the tran be , give cover as the FIRE fight , literally , become a retreate manoeuver towards the pier at the end of neibolt street . 77 . Travis ' boy cover they eye but they make aggressive progress towards the kid with they terrifying m - 80' . travis I have be wait all summer to run into you , denbrough . will leave we alone bower . I do not want anyone to get seriously hurt . travis hurt ? when I be do with you , you will wish you be in that storm drain with you brother . ext . neibolt STREET pier - continuous they regroup at the mouth of the pier , water on both side , bower in front . he throw another m - 80 , which tear into a wood plank . splinter shoot everywhere . beverly will , we need cover -- BEN the house . it 's we only chance ! Ben point to the neibolt Street house on stilt over the black water . a implode , condemn structure that slope like a man 's half eat face . Eddie be instantly horrify . eddie I do not think that 's a good idea . richie when do you ever think anything be a good idea ? will okay . Ben , we will hold he off while we can , you and Stan see if you can find a way in . cover they , Mike , richie and will continue to fire off what firework they have leave . bower ' boy light off another barrage of m - 80' . will , armed with a plank bat one back like a baseball . boom ! it explode at Victor foot . Ben quickly run towards the house , follow by Stan and bev. Eddie , stick in the middle , go after they down the pier . 78 . ext . neibolt STREET house - continuous Ben and Stan split up look for a way in . all window and door be board up or lock . eddie really guy , there have to be another option . richie you want to swim ?! eddie I be serious . this house -- BEN , stan , &amp ; beverly shut up , Eddie . and then , as if by magic ( or by pennywise ) , one of the 2x4 that cover a window to the basement slip to the ground . ext . neibolt STREET pier - night will find the backpack empty as Mike shoot off the last bottle rocket . will pick up some rock as ammo . Mike and richie instinctively follow suit . will wind up and ... will charge !!! nail moose in the forehead , draw blood . Travis and the other stop dead , incredulous , as rock pelt they . it turn into a crazy rock fight . will look back . he can not see any of he friend who be on the other side of the house . will ( cont 'd ) ( to BEN ) guy hurry !!! ext . neibolt STREET house - night Ben and beverly look at the window into the blacken hole , then at each other ominously . beverly rock , paper , scissors ? stan I will go . 79 . not want to be one- upped by Stan , Ben push he out of the way . BEN no. I will go . ext . neibolt STREET pier - night the fight be get desperate . both will and Mike bleed from rock hit . will , richie , and Mike see bev wave they to come . they run for they life towards the house , Travis and he goons on they heel . ext . neibolt STREET house - night will , richie and Mike round the corner of the house . will look down the pier , no one , then they hear BEN . BEN ( whispering loudly ) down here ! travis ( o.c . ) I be gonna kill you , loser ! I swear I be gonna kill you all . will see a broomstick wave in the open , beckone they to come in . will go! go! go! Mike and richie slip in , lowering themselves onto a floor litter with crate and box . will last in just as ... Travis and he buddy round the house . moose walk right by the window they slip into but do not seem to see it . travis where be they ? Victor and snatch look at Travis for direction . unmove , Travis walk around the board up house look for a way in . int . neibolt STREET house , basement the kid catch they breath and lick they wound . the basement be a derelict and creepy undercarriage to a canal lock house . 80 . a huge coal engine bulk in the shadow , and next to it a old coal bin and stone channel that lead directly to the canal and water . richie if we die here I just want to say that fight be friggin ' awesome . will shhhhush . richie do a little pistol shoot with he hand to Ben and mouth " awesome . " Ben smile . eddie ( to himself ) we should not be here . will watch Travis and he boy walk past the basement window again . Ben look to beverly , see some gravel in she leg like buckshot . BEN ( whispering ) you okay ? beverly it 's just a scrape . ext . neibolt STREET house Travis be get frustrated . he can not find where or how the kid have get into the house . he look straight at the window the kid crawle through , the 2 x4 be still somehow attach from the outside . int . neibolt STREET house , basement the kid can see Travis stare straight at they through the window , the 2 x4 be non-existent , as if pennywise be prevent the boy outside from see in or enter . stan they can not see the window ? eddie ( still repeating ) we should not be here . richie do not count you chicken . 81 . mike something wrong with you friend here ? eddie we should not be here ! will richie Eddie ? he 's afraid of dirt . will cover Eddie 's mouth as he continue to yell , " we should not be here . " they watch anxiously as Travis and the boy foot inch uncomfortably closer to they . then Eddie suddenly stop . ext . neibolt STREET house - same frustrate , Travis and the boy leave . int . neibolt STREET house , basement the kid have surround Eddie . beverly what be it Eddie ? eddie there 's something I do not tell you guy . will what ? eddie this house . I see something here once . I think it be just my mind play trick , but now I know ... they sense what he be about to say be not go to be good . eddie ( cont 'd ) I see " it . " Eddie nod . stan Jesus . 82. richie ( to stan ) why do you keep use we team , guy ? stan wha ? mike what do he mean by " it ? " will look to the gang , they all nod . he turn back to they newest member . will something 's wrong with derry . haunting it . hunting and kill kid . we have all see it . Mike look at they all , judge they earnestness . feel he can trust they , a instant connection with people whose fear cling to you own . mike I know . I have see " it " too . just then , the house seem to shiver . as if its foundation have shift . a clanking SOUND resonate from the pipe . Water begins to seep in through the crack in the basement . beverly what exactly do you see here , Eddie ? Ben go to the window they come through , but instead of see out , it 's now cover by the 2x4 . BEN guy , uh -- he look at they foot . they all do . Water come in fast . Ben bang a coal stoker against the board window . rock solid . will look for a way out . the stair . will stair . suddenly they hear footstep , above . they look up as dust fall from one side of the roof , slowly make its way to directly over they . to the stair . eddie ( whisper in fright ) it 's here . 83. will grab on to beverly 's hand . she hold onto he with equal vigor . richie hold onto Eddie . Ben hold the stoker like a sword . Mike grab a shovel . they lead the way up the stair . unless otherwise note , they only whisper now . richie I be not go up there . the other ignore he , follow Ben and Mike up the stair . richie look around he at the scary basement , the furnace hulk in the corner like a be with eye . the water surround he shoe . he run up after he friend . int . neibolt STREET house , 1st floor a door open in the middle of the kind of creepy hallway you do not want to find yourself in , ever . scummy yellow water stain wallpaper peel like dead skin from wall . sconce hang from they socket and detritus be build up on the wooden floor board . no footprint anywhere . Ben stick he head out . he look leave , nothing , he look right , nothing . directly in front of he , through a dark parlor , be the front door . as Ben disappear into the stair again , the door close , revealing pennywise the clown , at the far end of the hallway . int . neibolt STREET house , basement stair Ben still have he hand on the door knob . BEN the front door be right there . will nod . let 's go . int . neibolt STREET house , 1st floor pennywise be go . the kid all file out , stick close to the filthy wall . they dart into the dark parlor for the door , follow last by richie ... the room seem to extend and last longer than anticipate . finally they get to the door . Ben try it . naile shut . 84 . eddie shit. guy , look . everyone turn and see hundred of crow perch atop the railing of the main staircase and in the rafter above . mike there must be a window open . will read he mind , a upstairs window might be they only chance to freedom . will c'mon . will lead the way upstairs . int . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor the child , petrify , slide up the stair as silently as possible , try not to disturb the watch crow . or alert whatever else be there . the stair creak and snap loudly . they get to a 2nd floor hallway , the wind from a open window blow trash around . will look around ... int . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor bedroom he beckon they into a bedroom with a OPEN window . they step over a moldy bare mattress shove against the wall . beverly be the first one out the window , then Stan , then richie , then Ben . Ben look back and see Eddie stand by the doorway to the hallway . BEN Eddie , what be you do ? Eddie turn towards they , realize he must have lose consciousness for a second , do not understand why he be stand there . he walk towards the window when the floor give way and he tumble down to the first floor . int . neibolt STREET house , 1st floor , kitchen if the house be not spooky enough , this room be the spookiest . a bunch of furniture be gather in the middle of the room cover in sheet . a dusty old refrigerator stand in the corner . Dust everywhere begin to clear from Eddie 's fall . he be knock out . his arm be clearly break . 85 . int . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor will , Mike , and Ben rush back into the house . will Eddie ! will run around the gape hole in the floor and try to run down the stair when ... the flock of crow attack will cover he eye as the bird prevent he from go down . Mike and Ben shore themselves behind he . ext . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor bedroom the other kid scream from the window . beverly what 's happen ?! richie whatever it be , we do not want to go back in there . beverly we have to do something . she look around . beverly ( cont 'd ) follow I ! beverly lead richie and Stan down to the edge of the roof . int . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor will , Mike , and Ben be be pelt by the bird still . they retreat back into the bedroom and shut the door . int . neibolt STREET house , 1st floor , kitchen Eddie , come back to consciousness , look around the room . he moan in pain . eddie guy ? from the hole above , will and Ben appear . 86 . will Eddie . realizing he be alone . eddie get I out of here . will we try , we can not get down stair . eddie what do you mean you can not get down stair ? Eddie look around the creepy room at the sheet . something horrible could be under any one of they . will do you see anything you could use to climb out ? eddie I - I think I break my arm . he hold it up and the lower part of he arm hang irregularly . behind he the old refrigerator shake , something inside . ext . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor bedroom - night it 's 15 foot sheer drop above the dilapidate pier . richie be too scared to jump . beverly I do not know , richie . richie you gotta a better idea ? Glass break and crow STORM out of a window behind they . startle , they all lose they foot and fall , crash down onto a pile of rope below . int . neibolt STREET house , 1st floor , kitchen Eddie look to the shaking fridge . blood ooze out of it and start to cover the floor , inching towards he . Eddie back away , horrify . eddie no . no no no . will ? help I ! 87 . int . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor bedroom will see the blood , look to Ben and Mike . will what do we do ? BEN we can not leave he alone down there . Mike look at the old moldy mattress . int . neibolt STREET house , 1st floor , kitchen Eddie hop onto a rock chair as the whole floor be coat with blood . eddie hurry , guy ! the fridge door start to yawn OPEN . Eddie curl in a ball and close he eye . eddie ( cont 'd ) this be not happen . this be not happen . Inside be pennywise , all curl up . he unfurl himself like a coiled snake , hold a balloon on a string . it drag he , float just above the bloody floor , across the room toward Eddie . pennywise open you eye eddie-bear . I bring you some cracker - jack . eddie go away ! pennywise away ? but I just get here ? and we be gonna have soooooo much fun , you and I . now open that peeper . eddie no . pennywise kee-mon Eddie bear . don'cha wanna see the show ? you be the main event . 88. Eddie do . pennywise be over he now , he tooth like razor , he claw hand reach out for Eddie 's neck . pennywise ( cont 'd ) you all taste soooooooo much better when you be afraid . Eddie screeeeeamsb ! int . neibolt STREET house , 2nd floor Mike lift up the mattress and see a decompose corpse of some child underneath it . he scream , fall backwards towards will and ben. int . neibolt STREET house , kitchen suddenly all three of they fall onto pennywise , smack into the floor , blood splattering the wall , impact cushion by pennywise 's body . they instantly fall to the side . will , Mike and Ben look over to see what break they fall - a just as startle pennywise , writhe in anger . will ah , fuck ! Eddie scurries away from pennywise , who bare he fang at will . crash ! just then the board from the window rip off to richie , Stan and beverly . she fire a bottle rocket at pennywise 's face , explode right into he eye . the clown reel back howling . richie and Ben jump in and grab Eddie . pennywise pull the rocket out of he burn socket and growl at the boy , morph into a orange gas that shoot back into the fridge . Eddie , Ben and richie climb to safety through the window , while will watch from the window frame pennywise 's escape . 89 . ext . eddie kaspbrak' house - night the kid bang on Mrs. kaspbrak 's door . she open it , see he break arm and freak . ext . eddie kaspbrak' house - moment later Mrs. kaspbrak be place Eddie in the front seat of they family car . he be delirious with pain . mrs . kaspbrak you ! you all do this ! she slam the door shut , hurt Eddie on the inside . the kid be all too spook to talk coherently . mrs . kaspbrak ( cont 'd ) you know how delicate he be ! richie we be attack , Mrs. K. Travis bower and -- mrs . kaspbrak stop it ! just stop it ! if it be not for you boy and that little tramp they would have nothing against my eddie-bear ... ohh , where be my key ? she 's nearly in tear search she purse . she dump it out on the ground , prescription bottle , use kleenex 's , food , deflate balloon . get on she knee and pick through it . mrs . kaspbrak ( cont 'd ) Eddie 's do with you kid , you hear ? she get up when she find the car key , speak with such vitriolic focus , she seem possess . mrs . kaspbrak ( cont 'd ) do not come around here again , you do not deserve he . you be reckless , churlish little boy . ( to will ) this be why you little brother die , William , because you be a loser , a reckless reckless reckless loser . God help I if I be one of you parent . 90 . she get in the car and screech away towards the hospital . they all watch the car disappear down the street . richie well , that go well . BEN guy , I hate to pile on bad news . Ben nose up to the window , Mrs. kaspbrack 's tv set flash in the dark . they all nose up , see what Ben see . stan no . on the local news : Chief borton and Officer bower pose in front of camera with the one - armed old man in the u.s.s. Indianapolis hat in handcuffs . caption under they read : " child serial killer apprehended by local police . derry citizenry breaths a sigh of relief . " beverly that can not be true . we just see " it . " Mike just shake he head . mike this be all crazy . who be you guy anyway ? BEN the only loser in town - will who know what 's go on . richie welcome to the club , kid . they half - heartedly pat Mike on the back . CUT to : title card over the last sliver of light beyond derry be mountain range . 91 . august tilt down to the overhead shot of what we expect to be " derry 1988 " , but instead we see forest , log trail , a hardscrabble 19th century downtown , and a log cabin SALOON squatting on the edge of the swollen kenduskeag canal . smoke billow from its chimney , day draw down to a misty dark . ext . silver dollar SALOON - continuous follow from behind , a man in a lumberjack 's jacket walk through the muddy , waterlogged street , a double - bite ax sling over he shoulder . a woman plead with the sheriff on the side of the street . woman he do not run away , sir ! he 's just a child , miss now for more than three day ! she see the man . woman ( cont 'd ) ( to man ) have you see my baby , Claude ? he 's be go near ... Claude ignore the woman ... chryon : 1879 and walk into the saloon , " silver dollar " carve deep and poorly into the wood over the door . int . silver dollar SALOON - night dozen of logger be belly up at the bar , drink beer , spitting chew on the sawdust cover floor . the man with the ax , claude heroux , elbow himself a place at the bar and throw down a two dollar bill . 92 . the bartender bring heroux a schooner of beer , one hardboil egg in a bowl , a shaker of salt and some change . heroux salt the egg and the beer , he pierce eye stick on a card game at a table of 5 men in back he devour the egg , downs the beer , then let out a belch . the man next to he give a friendly nod . heroux do not respond . he kick back from the bar , drag he ax behind . heroux walk past a piano be play , whisper something into the player ear , then throw the change from he meal -- $ 1.85 -- onto the piano top . the piano player tip he hat and change tune to something more festive , manic almost . heroux continue into the back , walk like a man in a half dream . at the table , EL katook deal out a hand to a group of railroad bull -- tinker mccutcheon , floyd calderwood , " stugley " grenier , and eddie king , a bearded man whose spectacle be almost as fat as he gut . floyd calderwood you sit in Claude ? floyd reach out to grab he hand when ... thunk ! heroux 's ax fall , chopping of floyd 's hand at the wrist . floyd recoil back shriek , blood spurting from the stump , he severe hand remain on the table . at the bar somebody call for more beer . the bartender take a casual look back just in time to see ... heroux bury he ax in tinker mccutchoen 's head . the big man try to get up , blood pour down he face , then sit back down again . a second chop finish he . floyd , writhe under the table , grope for he hand on the table above it . heroux chop he other hand off , floyd scream even louder . laughter from the bar as patron rub the bartender 's bald head for luck . the piano play only get more giddy and festive , then we see who 's play it : pennywise , finger dance across the key like a virtuoso . heroux turn to Ed katook , who struggle to pull he clutch pistol from its shoulder holster . he sling the ax sideways just as katook get the pistol out , bury it in he back . 93. crack ! a shot go off . but at the bar , conversation between two logger turn to the weather . this winter will be a jeezer . fat Eddie King fall to the floor try to crab away from the table . heroux , bloody ax drag on the floor , come over to the fat man who plead . eddie king please Claude , I just get marry last month . the ax come down into Eddie 's ample gut . blood spray all the way up to the dollar 's beam roof . Men at the bar laugh and eat they boil egg , dully aware of the gorefest behind they . heroux pull the ax out of he gut like you would a softwood tree , rock it back and forth . it finally come free and he bring it down again . thwap ! Eddie 's severe head go roll over toward the bar , right to the foot of a drunk , who without break he call for another drink , kick it away . in back , heroux turn to the last man cower in the corner : stugley grenier . he take a swing and stugley duck it , ax splintering the floor . stugley scramble into the outhouse and close the door behind . heroux , now totally slicked with blood , stalk over and begin chopping he way in . he find the windowless room empty . a sound come from deep in the poop hole . he look down just in time to see ... stugley 's boot disappear through the pool of shit and piss . heroux step out of the outhouse into the carnage of the back room . exhausted and bloody from tip to toe , he take a seat at the card table , prop he ax next to he , and start drink what 's leave of the slaughter men' beer . no one in the saloon seem to pay much mind to this . no one except pennywise at the piano , who take great pleasure in the scene and the ditty he 's play , a greasy white smile on he giddy , evil face ... 94 . int . ben' house , bedroom - day the loser 's Club sit in front of Ben . BEN and that be the story of the Silver dollar saloon . they look horrify . richie the point of tell we be ? Ben look at will . will beverly I think it 's pretty obvious . derry 's not just haunt , it 's curse . mike just like my pa be try to warn I the night I meet you guy . BEN that clown , whatever " it " be , have be around derry do nasty thing for a long long time . the Black Spot fire . the Bradley gang massacre . all the way back to the first settler who disappear . richie hold up a dog-eare copy of " a History of Old derry " . richie stan I do not know , man . that lumberjack . flapjack story -- richie whatevs . it sound like bunk to I . do not the guy who write this go insane or something ? will exactly . no one listen to he like no one listen to we . and unless we do something , " it 's " never go to stop . stan what do you mean , we , will ? we be just kid . 95 . beverly we hurt it at neibolt . that 's gotta mean something . mike everything die . richie look at Mike , roll he eye . will we can kill it . richie okay schwarzenegger twin , simmer down . we can not even free Eddie from " mom jail " let alone take down some freaky shape- shifter with a mind - meld on all the adult of derry . however , I do believe we could sell this story to " tale from the crypt . " BEN stan no , no . this be far too I do not want to see " it " whacked for " tale . " again . ever . will I do not think that 's a choice , Stan . " it " know we know . we hurt it . it 's go to want to hurt we back . mike it 's only a matter of time one of we be find half eat in the barren . or worse . this be too much for Stan . he grab he backpack . stan I need to study for my bar-mitzvah . Stan go . all the kid look to each other . beverly he 's just scared . will we be all scared . that 's what it feed off of . I hear the clown tell Eddie as much . we only defense be to stick together . 96 . richie yeah well , the only time I have be spook be when I be with you joker . I be think I might be safer at home . at least I know my parent will not try to kill I . richie go too , leave just the four . int . will be house , kitchen - day will enter the back door and grab Stan 's invitation for he bar - mitzvah off the fridge : harold and RUTH uris cordially invite you to the bar -mitzvah of there son stanley uris on saturday , august 13th , 1988 he hear fight in the hallway . sharon put it back up there ! put it back now ! zach I just think , someone else -- int . will be house , hallway - continuous his mother stand in the way of he father who hold the chest of georgie 's toy . sharon I do not care about anyone else . I care about georgie . I care about my little boy who 's go . will hey . they both startle and look at will stand there . zach willy , we need a minute -- will why ? to scream at each other more ? 97 . sharon this be between you father and I . will and georgie right ? you , dad , and georgie . zach willy , stop . will no . you stop . I hate it . tip toe around you guy like I do not exist . like I be the one who die and the only one who 's still here be ge -- slap ! his mother hit he hard . she instantly regret it . she run down the stair sobbing . Zach reach out a comforting hand . zach you okay ? will what do you care ? at least she hear I . zach son -- will I miss georgie , too . zach we know . will do you ? because it seem like every adult in this town be blind to what 's really happen , blind to what any of we kid be go through . will shoulder past he father and run out the door . ext . corner of witcham and jackson - day will sit on the curb across from the storm drain that kill georgie . his eye burn with anger . he stare into the dark void , half expect pennywise 's face to appear any moment . 98 . will c'mon , clown . show you ugly face ! I will stick another firecracker in it for georgie . blow you whole stupid head off . send you back to wherever a creeper like you come from . where be you !? he listen for a response . nothing . just the bubbling sound of water rush through the sewer . Water . something dawns on will . ext . old ironworks - day will bike up to the edge of the hulk old structure . he clock the river flow just beyond . hundred of black raven , the same bird from neibolt , watch he from perches all along the skeletal structure . ext . beverly house - day will see bev 's mom leave for work , then bike around back where he clock a tangle of pipe protrude from the back of the building down into a morlock hole mark derry sewer . Mr. marsh watch Bill from the window above . ext . barren - day will tramp down to the spot where he find the shoe . he look back down the stream , water trickle out of the sewer pipe into the barren . the water . something watch he from inside the cylinder of the pipe . ext . neibolt STREET - day will bike up to the mouth of the pier , the house suspend over the canal , its implode facade seem to gape back at will like munch 's " the scream . " Water again . in will 's mind , it all come together . 99 . ext . eddie kaspbrak' house - day Eddie and he mom sit on the couch and watch soap . Eddie play with a loose thread of he cast , twist it in he finger , not a friend 's signature anywhere . krsssst will ( o.s. ) Eddie ? Eddie you there ? his walkie crackle from a high shelf over the tv . Mrs. kaspbrack look at she son , eyebrow raise . mrs . kaspbrak I think I take the battery out of that thing ? Eddie shake he head , as if to say he do not know . she point for he to get it . will ( o.s. ) Eddie ? I know where to find -- he grab the walkie , hold it tenderly in he hand . mrs . kaspbrak turn it off . he comply . bang bang bang . they both look at the door . int . eddie kaspbrak' house , front door Mrs. kaspbrak angrily swing open the door . a surprised dr . handor , Eddie 's general practitioner , be on the porch there . mrs . kaspbrak oh ! Dr. handor . you give I a fright . she spot will over he shoulder , straddle he bike in the middle of the street . mrs . kaspbrak ( cont 'd ) c'mon in . they step inside . will pocket he walkie and go . int . eddie kaspbrak' house , eddie' bedroom - day Dr. handor check Eddie 's cast . 100 . dr . handor how you feel , son ? any pain ? eddie no . feel fine I guess . dr . handor kept the cast pretty clean , I see . do not you want any of you friend to sign it ? eddie I be not allow to see they . dr . handor why not ? eddie my Mom think they be the reason I get hurt . she say I be sensitive and they do not take care of I like she do . Dr. handor want to say something , but hesitates . dr . handor she mean you allergy ? be that it ? eddie yeah . Mom say I should always carry my epi-pen with I , in case I ever have a episode . dr . handor mother know best . be that it ? Eddie shrug . Dr. handor smile , consider he next think . he lean in , too close for comfort for Eddie . for a moment it 's creepy . dr . handor ( cont 'd ) Eddie , do you know what a placebo be ? ext . travis bower' backyard - day a bottle of Southern Comfort sit on a log . blam ! bower shoot at it with he dad 's police issue .45 . Victor and snatch look on , giggle . 101 . he finally tag it , the bottle shatter into a thousand piece . they all whoop and holler . snatch can I try ? he reach for the gun . bower push he back . travis sure . go put the next target out there . Travis point to the cat that 's loung there in the grass . snatch you be foolin ' right ? travis do I look like I be foolin ' numb nut ? snatch grab the kitty and run out to the stump . he wipe away the glass and set the cat down . it start to meow and try to get away . snatch it 's not stay . bower line up a shot , sight of the barrel on the cat . travis hold it there , butt cheese . officer bower ( o.c . ) what the hell be this ? Officer bower step from he police cruiser in the driveway . his face as red as fire . travis nothing , pa . just clean you gun like you ask . officer bower Cleaning my gun , huh ? he stalk up and grab the gun from Travis . smell it . whap ! he smack Travis hard in the face , knock the big boy to the grass . officer bower ( cont 'd ) normally I use a rod and cleaner not bullet and whiskey . ( more ) 102 . officer bower ( cont 'd ) you two punk put you sticky little finger on my firearm here ? Victor and snatch be too scared to talk . victor n-n - no sir . butch turn the gun on Travis at he foot . officer bower you be not worth the salt you lick boy . I do not know how I let you squirm you way out you momma 's womb . travis pa , I be --- blam ! he shoot the ground around Travis foot . Travis squeal like a girl , utterly terrify . blam ! blam ! a large wet stain spread around he crotch . butch bower raise the pistol , as if he be about to whip Travis , who fall to the ground . butch shake he head . officer bower ( to the boy ) look at he now boy . nothing like a little fear to make a paper man crumble . ( to travis ) clean you drawer `fore you come inside . he spit out he disgust , stalk inside . Victor and snatch tip - toe over to Travis , not know what to say or do . Travis do everything he can not to cry . victor you okay , Travis ? a odd wind stir through the grass there , a yellow menace gather of cloud overhead . Travis suddenly notice ... a balloon , bob over he mailbox , string connect to something stuff inside . Travis push past he two croney and go over to the mailbox . Inside he pull out the knife . the one he lose at the beginning . and attach to the string a note : 103 . to : mr. travis bower from : mr. ROBERT gray a murderous look screw onto Travis ' face as he turn he attention to he house . and he pa inside . he snap the string and start toward the front door with the knife . the balloon float up into the darken sky . int . coroner' office - day a thunderclap outside . the coroner step out the door . will and Mike slip in behind he , will prop open the door with he walkie . mike Patrick be in one of the locker . all the water bubble up from there . the drain . will go to it . gaze down into the blackness . will the sewer . mike what ? will " it . " whenever it show up , there 's always water around . the storm drain where georgie die . the leak in my room . beverly 's sink . mike my dad see it near water , too . the canal . will I will bet if you trace every terrible event in derry you will find the same thing . Water . with the penobscot river on one side and kenduskeag canal cut through it 's impossible to escape . mike unless you live way out in the stick like I do . we have to tell the other . 104 . will realize something . will shit , Stan 's bar mitzvah . I almost forget . mike I be not invite . will hand he he invite . will you be now . let 's go ! a pair of yellow eye glow from the drain . int . beverly apartment - day beverly , all gussie up in a pretty white dress , head for the door . a hand snatch out from behind and seize she arm . mr. marsh where you think you go girl ? beverly my friend 's party . I tell mar -- mr. marsh you be all prettied up . who you all prettied up for ? beverly no one . he shove she against the wall , eye she little body up and down . caress she hair . mr. marsh do not lie to I , bevvie . you know how I worry about you . I worry a lot . beverly I know daddy . mr. marsh people in town see you . get to sayin ' thing . like how my little girl be sneakin ' around all summer long with a pack of boy . only girl to the pack . 105 . beverly they be my friend , daddy . he squeeze she cheek with one hand , hold she head in place . mr. marsh you sure about that , bevvie ? beverly I -- I swear . they be just friend . mr. marsh Friends ? I know what 's in they boy mind when they look at you , bevvie . I know all too well . they want to do bad thing . do you let they do bad thing to you ? he loom over she . something in he manner be detach . like he 's there but be not there . beverly I be a good girl daddy . good , just like you raise I . mr. marsh be that so ? then what 's this ? he pull out Ben 's haiku poem . beverly where'd you -- mr. marsh you have it squirrele away in you underwear drawer . why would you want to hide it with you underwear bevvie ? what else be you holdin' out from I . beverly it 's nothing , daddy . just a poem . mr. marsh ( reciting ) you hair be winter fire , JANUARY ember my heart burn there , too he grab she by the hair and pull she up to he . 106 . mr. marsh ( cont 'd ) sound lusty to I . who write it . which one of you boyfriend ? beverly I tell you I do not have one . mr. marsh do not lie to I ! he drag she down the hall by the hair . beverly daddy stop . you be hurt I . mr. marsh you be mar say you be a woman now . you ble . what other womanly thing you be do down in the deep dark wood with that boy , bevvie . he throw she into he bedroom . beverly nothing . please , daddy . you do not have to worry . I promise . please ! mr. marsh let 's see then . prove to I you be good . she do not know what he mean . mr. marsh ( cont 'd ) take off you tight . beverly what ? mr. marsh I love you bevvie . you be special . you be such a pretty girl . but there 's plenty of boy happy to roon a pretty girl . plenty of pretty girl willing to be roont . I need to know if you be intact . he unbuckle he belt , but he do not look at she like he want to whip she , there 's another hunger in he eye . mr. marsh ( cont 'd ) you tight , girl . take `em off . 107 . beverly daddy , please . he slide off he belt and grab she , smile , a smile that feel all too reminiscent of a clown . mr. marsh you will like it , bevvie . be like you be float . bev kick he in the ball . her father let go , crumpling down . she knee he in the face as hard as she can , he head fly back into the side of the door . beverly try to race out the door but he snatch she ankle and she trip into the hallway . by the time she be up he be lung towards she . she stumble back into the bathroom and shut the door , try to lock herself inside . he kick the door open before the lock catch . without think bev grab the toilet top and smashes it in she dad 's face . he slump down , unconscious . she rush out , then use a chair propped against the knob to shut he in the bathroom . terrify she race out the front door . int . eddie kaspbrak' house - day Eddie stand in front of he mom , eye blaze . mrs . kaspbrak placebo ? who tell you that ? Dr. handor ? he have no right . no right to say you be make up you sickness . eddie not I , momma ... you . mrs . kaspbrak what ? eddie he say I be never allergic until you make I start carry around my epi-pen . you put that allergy in my head . 108 . mrs . kaspbrak that 's a lie , Eddie ! a bold face lie . you be my treasure . the only thing I want in this world be to see you safe and healthy . eddie then why do you send my friend away ? she start to feel the fluttery bird of panic . mrs . kaspbrak they be bad boy . you know that . and you ... you be so sick when you be little . so very sick . it hurt I so much . I never want to see you go through that again . and I have keep you healthy , have not I ? eddie you lie to I mamma . you have be give I medicine that 's not really medicine . mrs . kaspbrak eddie-bear , please -- eddie this be what 's go to happen now . he pull out he epi-pen and throw it in the trash . Mrs. kaspbrak gasp . eddie ( cont 'd ) I be go out that door and you will not stop I . I be go to my friend Stan 's bar-mitzvah and when I come home you be never go to tell how weak or sick or delicate I be ever again . thunder crackle outside . ext . derry street - day will and Mike tear through the howling rain on they bike . they almost collide into beverly who come dash around a corner . will bev. you okay ? 109 . beverly no . no I be not . she look back over she shoulder , terrify and wet and shiver . mike what happen . bower ? beverly no . my daddy . he ... he ... will what ? what do he do beverly ? she look at both of they , tear run down she face , she pretty dress soak in the rain . beverly I do not know . I do not know if it be he , or ... mike what ? beverly I think " it " be there , control he , I do not know , I can not go back , I can not go back , will . I do not know what - she start to cry on will 's shoulder . will look at Mike . they both look up at the convulsive yellow sky . something big be about to happen and they both know it . int . synagogue - day with torrential downpour outside , leak water drip from the ceiling onto the crowd below , who have cheerfully employ umbrella indoor to deal with the nuisance . Stan be give a nervous , but otherwise successful read of the torah , despite the howling wind and end of day vibe . richie and Ben sit in the back in they little jacket . BEN this storm be crazy . like the sky 's gonna fall . slam ! everyone look back towards the door , blow open by the wind , and at Eddie , who sheepishly be try to slip in . 110 . Stan smile at he friend , pleased he 's out of " mom jail . " the cantor give he a nudge and continue read . Eddie slide in meekly next to richie and Ben , check he clip - on bowtie . richie ( through he tooth ) Way to make a entry , eddie-bear . BEN how would you escape ? eddie guess I be not as weak as I think . int . travis bower' house - day the front door creak open , Victor and snatch poke they head in , both soak to the bone . snatch Travis ? victor Mr. bower ? nothing . they see a streak of blood on the floor that lead to the kitchen and butch bower on the linoleum floor in a red pool , stab dozen of time , the knife leave in he eye . snatch Holy shit . Victor vomit . the cat slip in and start lick up the blood . snatch ( cont 'd ) Travis , dude , you okay ? snatch continue on into the live room where he find travis sit in butch 's favorite lazy -boy in front of the tv , which be turn on to pennywise the clown show . he hold the .45 , all slicked in blood , he eye glaze . travis it 's my gun now . he turn and look at snatch and Victor in the doorway . 111 . int . synagogue - day the STORM growls outside . richie , Ben and Eddie look at each other , a little on edge . suddenly the door crash open again and Stan stop , once again , look up ... will , bev , and Mike slink into the back of the synagogue , soaking wet . the rabbi 's wife shoot they a look of dagger . int . synagogue - day the read be over and the crowd start to gather to leave for the reception . will , bev , Ben , richie , Eddie , and Mike be all huddle together . Stan be the only one not there . richie what do you mean you dad attack you ? beverly it be like that lumberjack Ben tell we about . the one from the Silver dollar . he have this look . like someone be push he to do it . will not someone . " it " . Eddie , think about he mother . eddie you guy , if " it " can take over beverly 's parent , why not the rest of ours ? beverly I can not go back there guy . he will kill I . or worse . this sink in to everyone . there 's only one thing they can do . mike will know where to find " it . " eddie what do you mean ? will the sewer . I and Mike figure it out . that 's how it get around . that 's where it life . 112 . richie whoa whoa whoa . you do not really mean -- BEN if it mean protect beverly , count I in . beverly look at Ben , consistently impressed by he defense of she . eddie wait , count you in to what ? will the sewer . we go in . all of we . richie and friggin do what ? in this storm ? Water be actively drip on they . will get rid of " it " before " it " get rid of we , one by one . it do not know what to do when all of we be together , you have to believe I . int . / ext . synagogue - day Stan shake hand with he aunt and uncle near the front door . the wind whip up the woman 's dress and unhinge umbrella . will and the gang run to he and whisk he out . stan hey guy . how would I do ? richie I hope you schlong grow that 12 inch cuz you be gonna need it . stan what do you mean ? will c'mon ! the storm pick up force , wind blow umbrella inside out and from the hand of guest trudging back to the parking lot . one go tumble across the garden and into ... the black boiling river and sink into the dark water . 113. int . zach denbrough's workshop - day will and the gang arrive like they own hurricane in the dark cellar workshop . whipping around the room and pick up object , will unfurl a map on he dad 's work table . the other kid stock up on whatever armor or weapon they can find -- crossbow , hockey pad , a hubcap as shield , a sledgehammer , a hockey stick shave into a stake , satchel full of car flare , hairspray . Stan be still processing what 's go on . mix with they formal wear for the event , they look mildly ridiculous . stan hold on . how be we -? richie hand Stan a chainsaw . richie happy bar mitzvah , Jason . Bet you do not put this sucker on you gift list . someone pound at the door . zach ( o.s. ) will , what be you do in there ? open up . everyone look to will . he fold up the map into a backpack . will we need to protect each other Stan . the seven of we be all we have . together " it " can not hurt we . I promise . stan how do you know ? more knock . zach ( o.s. ) willy , now ! we need to talk . will step up to Stan . will I have faith . just like you . Stan look to the other , everyone scared but ready for battle . stan steel himself , own up he chainsaw . the door shake with Zach behind it . 114 . zach damn it , will ! will open the back window and the kid slip out . ext . old ironworks - day the loser -- all 7 of they -- stand on the threshold of the Old ironwork cellar hold , the very same one patrick hockstettler die in ... a yawn chasm of mud , pool of water and hulk , shattered old boiler . the rain and wind howl , lightning crack overhead . will point to a huge sewer pipe that jut out of the muck . will ( yelling ) this be we only way into derry 's original sewer system before it be seal off and modernize . bling ! a bullet spark off a iron post next to will 's head . Travis , snatch and Victor stand at the crest of the road lead to the factory . Travis have he dad 's gun , aim like dirty Harry at they . he pop off another round , blang - ping . BEN oh , fuck ! will grab bev 's hand , who grab Ben 's who grab 's Eddie 's and on down the line . they follow will around the cellar hold to a giant conveyor belt topple against the edge . they scale down it into the chasm , bullet pinging around they . click click click . Travis run out of ammo . he throw the gun away and pull out the bloody knife . victor man , this be where Patrick hockstettler go miss . snatch no way I be go down there . Travis glare at snatch , pennywise appear near the boy in a flash of lightning . Travis lunge with the knife and plunge it into snatch 's tummy . Victor watch in horror . 115 . travis ( to victor ) still have second thought ? Victor shake he head no . snatch stumble back and plunge into the darkness of the cellar hold ... int . cellar hold - same smack ! snatch 's lifeless body slam into the muck right in front of will and the other . eddie oh my God oh my God ! will do not look back ! they dart into the blackness of the huge , rusty pipe . Travis turn back to Victor , a dull craze in he eye . he gesture to the conveyor the kid climb down . travis after you . int . sewer tunnel - day the loser follow will , who use he dad 's map to lead they deeper and deeper into the sewer which roar and chime with rush water . they turn a corner and come to ... a dead end the stream of water seem to disappear under the stone wall there . everyone be terrify . beverly now what ? stan uh , guy ? he shine he light on something in the corner ... will there 's suppose to be a tunnel here . the last tunnel that 's show on the map . it 's a shoe . Eddie come over it . 116 . eddie Dorsey 's other shoe . Stan sweep he flashlight up the wall . what he find make richie spring back . richie uh , guy ! scrawle in blood on the stone be a warning : stop now or i'll kill you all ! word to the wise from pennywise mike pennywise ? BEN shit , " it " have a name . footstep echo from behind they . will keep move ! Stan find a loose stone . stan here . will , over here . they all kick at the stone , which give way to ... int . sewer tunnel - day Travis and Victor race down the tunnel after they . they turn the corner and come to the dead end , a pile of stone kick out from a black hole . Travis kneel down and look into it . he can see will and the gang 's flashlight ... travis I seeeeeeeeeee yooooooouuuu loser ! int . black hole - day will and the other slosh on they hand and knee down the hole , with root and burst through its stone rib . it grow narrower and narrower to the point of complete and utter claustrophobia . Mike look back past Ben and see ... two shadowy figure crawl toward they . 117 . mike hurry ! will , lead they , come to a SMALL corkscrew in a tangle of root block they they all have to wrench they way around . Ben , the last of the group , get stuck . BEN no no no no no ! guy ! Travis bear down , he knife clench in he tooth . travis I be gonna carve you up , tit . I be go to stick this blade right up you asshole and split you in two . feed you ass fat to the friggin ' pig . he start squealing like a pig . Ben be freak . two pair of hand grab Ben 's arm and yank hard . he wrench through the corkscrew and stumble out into ... int . membranous chamber - day a thin membrane float over gelatinous water , very delicate , almost skin like . underneath , thousand of spider swim , nest and writhe . he can actually feel they leg push against the underside of the layer . BEN oh my God oh my God oh my God . will do not jiggle it too much , whatever you do . mike we do not want it to tear . Ben freeze , the spider know he 's there and gather under he butt . bev , Stan , Eddie and Mike look on from solid ground on the other side of the membrane . beverly take off you shoe . you will be fine . just move real real slow . Ben , Mike and will take off they sneak and crawl across the membrane with great care . spider gather wherever they press a knee or hand , the whole thing sloshing like a water bed . 118. int . black hole - day Travis and Victor get to the corkscrew pass . there 's no way Travis , huge compare to the other kid , will fit through . travis no ! no no no no ! fuck ! victor we will never fit . we have gotta go back . Travis grab Victor by the scruff of the neck . a crooked , bloodthirsty look flash across he ugly face . travis I need to hear they squeal . now you will fit . he put the knife into Victor 's hand and point to keep go . for a split second Victor think about stabbing he , but he 's too scared . he squeeze he rangy frame through the root into ... int . membranous chamber - day Victor flop out onto the membrane just as Ben , will and Mike join the other on firm ground . eddie hurry . Victor see they . he 's freak . victor no. guy . wait ! please ! Travis have go insane . I be not try to hurt you , just ... now notice the room he be in , realize the danger . victor ( cont 'd ) take I with you ! everyone look to will , who see something on the membrane that give he pause . will Victor . will be point . beverly follow he eye to the knife in Victor 's hand , which have puncture the membrane . 119 . beverly oh no - spider spill out onto it 's surface . victor oh god oh god ! he freak , spider jump on he , he motion only rip the membrane more . it finally tear and Victor plunge beneath the membrane , spider devour he , Victor scream in agony as they fill he mouth . horrify , will and the other run for they life . int . black hole - day Travis hear the scream , enjoy it . travis good . that 's good , Vic . kill `em . kill `em all ! suddenly spider start spilling out from behind the root of the corkscrew . Travis scream , and kick they away . but more come . freak , he retreat back to the sewer tunnel . int . it's cavern - day will , Ben , bev , Mike , Eddie , Stan and richie stumble from the dark into a massive , soar , subterranean pantheon - like hall , sewer water stream past they foot ... in the center of the floor be a massive oculus , open to what appear to be the edge of infinite space . the water from the sewer flow down into seven channel around this open , end at ... seven waterfalls that fall upward into a reflect pool that cover much of the ceiling , surround a stone island with a crypt type structure . the whole cavern seem to be light from within , a sickly , pulsing ambient light come from everywhere and nowhere . richie something tell I we be not in derry anymore . BEN you think ? 120 . will head toward the edge of the oculus , where the waterfall stream up . eddie do not get too close to the edge , will . mike it 's up there be not it ? that 's where " it " sleep . point at the reflect pool . stan you mean pennywise . will it do not matter what it call itself . what matter be it 's afraid to show we what it really be . which mean we can beat it . will see beverly over by one of the waterfall . beverly guess I be go first again ? will beverly , wait -! she jump into the waterfall and it sweep she up up up to the ceiling . will and the boy swap holy shit look . Ben jump in after she , then will , Mike , and Stan . richie look to Eddie , who have the same terrify look as at the quarry . he hold out he hand . richie you still afraid of a little grey water ? eddie you still wear diaper at night ? Eddie grab richie 's hand and they jump into the waterfall together . they be sweep up up up into ... 121. int . the reflecting pool on the ceiling - continuous plung into the pool with the other . for a moment they all flap and kick under water , unsure which way be up , then bev grab they both and pull they to the surface . they be upside down now , the oculus open to space below they , gravity seem to work by its own rule in here .. will we all here ? richie look back where they just " fall " from . richie mind equal blow right now . the camera flip around and the world rights itself , the oculus now above . the pool , which seem small before , be now enormous -- like a dark , brood lake -- the crypt island very far from they . mike this be nothing like what it look like from below . eddie it 's in we head . all the stuff we see . it 's like the allergy my mom say I have . we make it real . stan we do . or it ? will guy , the island . let 's swim . they splash toward the crypt island . Ben be the first to feel something brush past he leg . a replay of the quarry . BEN not funny , richie . he look back and see no one . richie be a couple of length to he leave . richie what ? Ben suddenly realize . bev also feel something on she foot . beverly the water . there 's something in the water with we . 122. suddenly a wormy tentacle extend from the water behind Mike . will see it and whacks it away with he baseball bat . will hurry ! the kid hustle it freestyle across the pool for the island . we pull back wide to see a monstrously big , faintly outline starfish - like creature with a orange glow eye , lurking in the depth of the reflect pool . will , then bev , then richie dodge a tentacle and all get to the island . Stan be not far behind , with Mike , Eddie and Ben take the rear , swatting back more tentacles . from under Stan the orange eye appear , the dark water around he suddenly aglow . he look down into it and it become clear the eye be really a mouth , and the orange be come from deep inside its bowel -- the deadlight . Stan look directly into they and be mesmerize , so much so that he stop swim . will ( cont 'd ) Stan what be you do ! paralyze , Stan start to sink toward the deadlight when Mike , shield he eye , grab Stan and swim he back to the surface . all the kid give cover with they weapon -- shoot flare , swinging the sledgehammer , impale with the stake , use the hubcap as a shield -- so that Mike , help by Ben and Eddie , can drag Stan onto the island . eddie beverly Stan ? Stan , be you okay ? Stan ! he stare blankly ahead , as if he mind be wipe blank . will ( cont 'd ) Stan , it 's we . you in there buddy ? another tentacle squirm out of the water toward they . Ben shoot it with a crossbow . it go slithering back in . BEN guy . I do not think this be the best place to hang out right now . eddie stanley , snap out of it . 123. Stan blink conscious . he look at they all . stan where be I ? richie the worst and only bar mitzvah party you will ever have . they help Stan to he foot . Mike look back over he shoulder for the monster . mike guy , the water thing . it 's go . indeed , the reflect pool be placid as ice . will look back to the crypt , a obsidian stone heptagon - shape structure the size of one of Mike 's kill pen . will maybe . or just change into something else . eddie what do you mean ? will it 's use we fear against we . it want we to be afraid . eddie because we will taste better . richie and that 's suppose to rally we , will ? will we have to stick together , to help each other against that kind of fear you only have when you be alone . alright ? they all nod and follow will onto the structure , starry deep space through the oculus visible over they shoulder . they come to a child - size trap door with a ancient , cosmic mark . the only way in or out . will put he hand on the latch will ( cont 'd ) ready ? 124 . the kid steal themselves , weapon ready . Mike hammer a clip into the stone and tie a rope to it . nod all around . will turn the latch the door creak open . nothing but pure blackness inside . Mike throw down the rope . will look at bev. will ( cont 'd ) my turn . will take a breath , drop in ... int . it's crypt - day will shimmy down about 5 foot of rope and light a car flare , illuminate the chamber in a blood red pall . the wall inside be rough , like the surface of a meteor . directly under the trapdoor be a fountain like hole in the floor open to the reflect pool . float on the water be georgie' paper boat pennywise emerge from the shadow behind will , cling to the wall , joint all turn and wrong , like a spider . pennywise welcome to the circus , willy . slam ! the trapdoor slam shut and slice the rope . will fall to the floor , flare fall into the water . it dim but do not go out . it 's near pitch black . just will and pennywise . he can hear he friend bang on the door , call for he but can not see anything . there 's scuffling all around he . Close . will dive into the water for the flare . rise . sweep it around . nothing . will I be not afraid of you , clown . pennywise you brother be not afraid either . a pair of orange eye glow above he , in the dark . will can not see he . 125 . pennywise ( cont 'd ) not until I chew he little muscle up . will turn just in time for the eye to recede into the black . the pound on the trap door have stop . will guy ? pennywise lunge from the ceiling will ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! will drop he bag of flare and scramble off , trip over the hole in the floor , leg sloshing in the pool . glimpsis of pennywise scuffling in the dark like a spider . will find a corner , the flare run out of spark . he wave it this way and that , illuminate the dark in front of he . swing he baseball bat wildly at shadow . will ( cont 'd ) come out from the dark then . come out from behind that stupid mask and show I what you really be . c'mon ! will look at the last light of he flare , wait for the end . he look the bat in he clutch only to see it 's morphed into ... a boy' severe arm he throw it away into the darkness . the flare go out . pitch black pennywise ooooh I would love to , will . I would just love to show you my deadlight . only you would not understand . and I need you to , willy , I really really need you to understand what 's go to happen to you . what it mean for a little kiddie like you ... to float . a light seem to emanate from the pool underneath they , illuminate the space , illuminate ... pennywise , stand in the corner 126 . will see all of " it " now . from he bare crusty foot to he bald head . his claw - like hand and he emaciate acrobat - like body . he float just a few inch over the stone floor . will 's eye fall to the baseball bat half - way between they . he lunge for it , pennywise knock it away . the clown seize he neck , smile hungrily , bare he twisted fang . will I be sorry , georgie . pennywise go for a bite and ... thwack a arrow shoot through it 's face . the injure clown recoil away . bev flop out from the reflect pool , follow by Ben , richie , Stan , Eddie , and Mike . beverly break into we home , we break into yours . pennywise pull the arrow from he bloody mouth . BEN charge ! the losers attack pennywise with everything they got Mike with crow bar , Stan with chainsaw , Ben with a hub cap shield and sledgehammer , richie with he hockey stick stake , Eddie with a nail gun . will grab he bat and join they . pennywise try to fend off this " Lord of the fly " rebellion , become bigger , fiercer , more grotesque , but the kid be too much . just when they have " it " bleed and back into a corner for the death blow ... pennywise wait ! will grab Ben 's sledgehammer . the creature that look up at they be not pennywise but ... georgie pennywise / georgie please , willy . please do not hurt I . will you be not georgie . 127 . pennywise / georgie I be . I be in here , willy . we all be . this be the place we float . beverly will , it 's a trick . pennywise / georgie it 's not you fault willy . not you be fault I be stick here . but you be hurt we all . mike it 's try to get to you , will . kill it . kill it now . will no ! I have to think . pennywise / georgie Mom and dad they should know . they should know it 's not you fault . I will tell `em . I will tell `em as long as you do not hurt we anymore . will be confuse . this be the one thing he want to hear . beverly hand he he satchel with the car flare . beverly finish he , will . for all of we . for georgie . will look to the scared little boy on the ground . richie I be take this fucker out . will no . will grab he stake away . he turn to georgie . kneel down . take he wet little head in he hand . will ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I be sorry I do not go out there with you . I be sorry I be sick . georgie it 's okay , willy . I know . everything will be okay . will doe the call back and something in the way georgie respond snap will out of he stupor . georgie' gone 128. will hairspray . bev spray it through he light flare . torch georgie . georgie no ! no willy ! please ! georgie revert back to pennywise , scream horribly and lung at the kid one last time . it finally give up , slumping to the floor dead , a black char clownish corpse . richie touch the remain and they deflate , almost as if a balloon . the trapdoor above they blow away , as if it be suck off by a cyclone , out of the oculus , and into what look like the star of outer space . eddie do we kill it ? will be not sure , he look at the rest of they . mike you do it , will . bev hug he . Ben watch , enviously . richie it 's miller ti-- suddenly the gravity spell wear off and the kid all fall to the ceiling of the stone crypt . bev almost fall out into space , catch by Ben just in time . the water from the waterfall and from the reflect pool all collapse back toward the floor , along with some of the stone in the crypt around they , which begin to crumble . at first the loser hang on , afraid to fall , but eventually they lose grip and fall toward the oculus , which have begin to fill up with the water from the fall and reflect pool . they all plunge safely into the new pool below , will 's foot kick out the bottom of it into outer space before be pull back by Stan . will we have get to get out of here . 129 . int . derry sewer - day the loser hurry they way out of the sewer , storm water quickly rise around they . will lead the way with a car flare . they come to another dead - end grate . richie shit ! will we will get out . c'mon . int . another pipe - later they continue to look for a way out , the water now up to they chest . the loser look cold , lose , and in despair . stan we be go to drow down here be not we ? eddie mike I be so cold . all this water . it 's still go to win . will no . I do not know -- BEN we be dead . so dead . beverly guy , stop it . focus. everyone turn to bev. they muse . they light . she take eddie' face in her hand she take stan's face in her hand she take richie' face in her hand she take mike' face in her hand she take ben' face in her hand she take will be face in her hand 130 . ext . penobscot river - day one by one the kid shoot out of a STORM pipe into the penobscot river , just like georgie 's paper boat . they pop up like top , blink owlishly against the daylight . the sky be blue . the storm have pass . ext . riverbank - dusk will , bev , Mike , Ben , richie , Eddie and Stan slump soak , shiver , and exhaust on the embankment . derry be in full view across the river , a red ball set behind it . they gather themselves on the bank , breathe hard as the adrenaline of survival course through they vein . richie now can we celebrate ? beverly will ? Stan see a object glitter in the sunlight . he pick it up , face sober and thoughtful -- a old glass coke bottle . he take it by the neck , shatter it against a rock , and look to will , nodding will know exactly what this mean . he step up to Stan , who slashes will palm with the shard . one by one the other approach , Stan slashing everyone 's palm , do he own last . will swear , guy . swear if it be not dead , if it ever return , we will come back and fight it together . they all clasp hand and lock eye . a blood oath be sworn . int . travis bower house - dusk Travis , hair now SHOCK white , expression blank and break , sit in he chair in front of white fuzz of the tv . his father 's corpse be still on the floor , blood matte everywhere . pounding on the front door . 131 . ext . travis bower house - night Chief borton and other derry cop frog march Travis out of the house in cuff through a scene of police , news reporter , and a coroner carting out a body bag . int . hospital corridor - night Mike race past nurse and doctor , a swell of optimism building with every stride . he turn the corner into ... int . hospital room - night leroy 's bed be empty . his mom be pack up he dad 's thing . she look up , tear in she eye . Mike be devastate . mike but we beat it . we beat the cancer . mike' mom what be you talk about ? mike derry . the clown . it . Mike 's mom take he into she arm . mike' mom he 's in a better place , mikey . I know it 's hard to believe . but you have to . remember what you father always say ... ext . hanlon farm - day ( flashback ) leroy show Mike a baby lamb , freshly bear from its mother 's womb . leroy see son , everything have a cycle . just when you think the world could not get any colder , something good always grow . int . hospital room - night Mike hold he mother tight , remember , tear roll down he cheek . a piano begins to play ... 132 . ext . will be house - night fur elise . will recognize it as he come up the front walk . it come from inside he house . he race inside , hopeful , past a box of georgie 's toy leave out on the sidewalk . CUT to : title card : september ext . will be house - day Zach and Sharon denbrough pack the last of the camp gear on top of the family wagoneer . zach load up ! will stand at the curb with he gang -- richie , Ben , bev , Eddie , Stan , and Mike . they hand he a present . beverly we all pitch in . eddie well richie mostly . richie I have to mow like five hundred lawn . Stan smoke the clipping . stan BEN what do that even mean ? you gonna open it ? will do . Inside be a vintage pentax camera . mike we hear arcadia 's pretty amazing this time of year . beverly take some picture for we . will thanks . 133. they have a group hug . sharon willy c'mon ! int . will be wagoneer - moving - day they pull out of the driveway , camera on will 's lap . Zach and Sharon smile back affectionately from the front seat . will turn to see he friend wave bon voyage with they scarree hand . a reminder of a oath to be keep . ext . witcham &amp ; jackson STREET / sky over it - day as will drive off we rise up up up over the intersection georgie be kill , high over derry , until we come to ... a float red balloon it pop !