hoover screenplay by Dustin lance Black 09-29-2009 int . hoover 's inner office - 1963 close on : the death mask of JOHN dilinger , he glass , he straw hat , he half smoked cigar and he gun -- in a case . close on : shake , old hand clip a article out of a newspaper . several line have already be underline . '' ... seeming inability to gain conviction in even the most heinous crime ... '' '' ... apparently falter under the awesome burden , complexity and responsibilities of he office ... '' '' ... I have nothing but sympathy for the man who once serve he country so well ... '' close on : bead of sweat on a forehead . the phone ring . the sound of someone pick up , then a voice on the other end : old helen gandy ( v.o. ) Sir , the writer be here from the pr Department . old hoover ( v.o. ) ( 0.s. ) set he up a typewriter in my outer office ... and show he my photo of A. Mitchell palmer . int . attorney general palmer 's home / library - 1919 - night a tall , strong , square jaw man in he late 40' , A. mitchell palmer , sit in the downstairs library of he four story townhouse on R street , a posh DC neighborhood in 1919 . old hoover ( v.o. ) Attorney General palmer be a quaker . he do not believe in war . but he understand the necessity of strength and resolve . believe -- palmer watch he wife pad quietly up the stair . he check a clock against he watch and correct the minute hand . 11 pm . int . attorney general palmer 's home / bedroom - moment later palmer undress , but instead of join he wife in bed , he click on a lamp by a chair and settles in with a book . old hoover ( v.o. ) -- what you will from historian . most write from a present perspective , forget context . Mitchell palmer be a hero . palmer look to a window , listen to the whir of a motorcar , the horse hoove on the cobblestone . he go back to read ignore the new sound outside : a car pull up , a door open and close . footstep outside . then a crash downstair as if something be thrown against the door . a blinding flash ! a massive explosion rip through the house ! the wall crack , glass shatter , furniture goe flying ! palmer be hurl from he chair , he wife throw from she bed . palmer lift himself off the floor , rush to he wife and pull she out of the room . int . attorney general palmer 's home / stair - continuous they race down the twisted , crumble stair . palmer fall through a break step , pull himself back up , and will they to a bedroom door where a girl can be heard scream . the door frame have buckle , but its no match for palmer 's brute strength . he throw he body against the door , revealing he teen daughter cry hysterically , the electric light flicker on and off . his wife run to she side . everything be suddenly silent . palmer cautiously navigate what remain of the stair . around any corner be a potential assassin . a sudden crash ! a assailant ? he brace himself and pull a banister rung off to use as a weapon . as he turn the corner to the ground floor , he find utter destruction : a stuffed elk head throw to the floor , parquet flooring rip to piece , pile of rubble , and everywhere : spot of fresh blood start to drip down the wall . he look to where he front wall and window once be . out on the street a car have blow over . and pierce the silence : franklin roosevelt ( v.o. ) Mr. palmer ? palmer rush beside the mantle for protection , but its brick crumble to the floor . stepping into the cavernous remain of the home be a 30 - year - old version of future president franklin D. roosevelt with brace on he leg and a crutch . behind he , lift she skirt to avoid step on the hem be a young eleanor . mitchell palmer Mr. Roosevelt ? thank thee . thank thee Lord it 's you . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. / seward square - that night a young man , 24 , burst out the door of a modest two story home in a simple suit , hold a bike . he 's build like a fire plug with wavy black hair , attractive in a bulldogish way . he hop on he bike and pedal determinedly , stop at each intersection like a model citizen , then peddle he heart out again . this be young JOHN edgar hoover . old hoover ( v.o. ) across the country , eight bomb explode that night . all at 11 pm . two United States Senators , four cabinet member , a Supreme Court justice , John D. rockerfeller , j.p. Morgan . all of they target . as he ride out of frame , reveal : only a few block away , the dome of the US Capital peak over the top of the work class home . further in the distance puff of smoke and flame . the city be in turmoil . ext . attorney general palmer' home - later that night not a single window on the block survive the blast . Tree limb be down . Cars be on they side . the block be light up with flood light . detective and reporter swarm . Police push neighbor back , roping off the neighborhood . a long Pov : Mitchell palmer 's giant shoe step through the wreckage , almost crush a severe finger lie in the street . he be flanke by young Roosevelt and another up and come neighbor , young dwight D. eisenhower . mitchell palmer this may be the end of day for this country , dwight . palmer pick up the finger without put on a glove , and hand it to a inspector who put it in a trash tin . reveal : this be all young Edgar 's Pov . he be on he bike just behind the police rope watch the investigator carelessly sweep up evidence : two gun , remain of a suitcase , a English / italian dictionary . in a manner that will become a trademark of the film : we see what Edgar see : a brief imagine string of light connect the severe finger to a blown OPEN briefcase . he 's make connection . organize . but the string vanish when the inspector use bucket to clean up the blood instead of collect it . it 's not clumsy , it 's customary . this be not 2009 , it 's 1919 . still , Edgar be disturb by the vanish connection . suddenly , a gust of wind shake the tree and reveal hundred of pink hand - bill in the road . they festive color stand in stark contrast to the destruction . Edgar gather any that blow past the police line . he read one . we hear : old hoover ( v.o . ) '' there will have to be bloodshed : there will have to be murder : we will kill because it be necessary : we will destroy to rid the world of you tyrannical institution . '' angle on : palmer notice Edgar collect the flier . inspector be he a neighbor , sir ? should we question he ? mitchell palmer no . he work in my office . inspector be he a investigator ? mitchell palmer he manage the filing system . and without know he 's be spot , Edgar jump back on he bike and pedal away hold the bright pink flier . agent smith ( v.0o . ) ( pre - lap ) you be at Attorney General palmer 's home that night ? int . department of justice / FBI hallway - 1963 - day the camera cruise down the hall of the '' modern '' FBI . the agent be dress to perfection . everything be in its place . old hoover ( v.o. ) leave that to the reader 's imagination . it 's important to give the protagonist a bit of mystery . int . hoover 's outer office - same time a handsome , clean cut young FBI agent , agent smith , sit behind a 60 's typewriter take note on a pad of paper . agent smith I could allude to a young man whose description match yours . the best of both world . reveal : stand across the room behind a mahogany desk be a stout old man with a mashed in nose wear a three piece suit and hold one of that old pink flier from 1919 . this be Hoover , almost 40 year later , now J. edgar hoover . he let out a laugh that leave behind a smile . he be not the brute he 's come to be know as . he 's surprisingly warm . old hoover where do you get you law degree ? agent smith George Washington . I grow up here . I have a mom to take care of , so I stay close . I receive a English degree there as well . Hoover walk behind he , read out of he typewriter . old hoover then I do not have to tell you that what determine a legacy be often what be not see ... what 's critical at this moment be that we re - clarify the difference between villain and hero . how do you think that compare with today ? the young man wind the paper out of the typewriter . agent smith I be not sure , sir . I have like to hear more . I could come back tomorrow . old hoover Fine . the page stay here though . agent smith yes , sir . Hoover grab the young agent 's hand and shake it , hold it a bit longer than normal . the agent know he 's be size up . he go , take he typewriter with he . Left alone , Hoover inspect the hand he just shook with . it 's perfectly dry . it be a test and Hoover seem pleased . he put the old pink flier back in a ancient file folder . int . department of justice / FBI hallway - 1919 - day Young Edgar walk down the long hall ( same as earlier , but 45 year earlier ) with a staccato gate in a crisp white shirt , hold that same ( but brand new ) file with the pink flier . a gaggle of secretary , dress to the floor , be head right toward he . most be far older than he . head secretary good morning , John . Mr. palmer have ask that you attend the emergency meeting today . young hoover it 's Mr. Hoover , please . head secretary two o'clock . do not be too early again . it 's as rude as be tardy . she bustles off with the rest , but not before a slim , young secretary , 22 , with dark hair , lovely eye , and a high collar make eye contact with he . Edgar be not shy . young hoover and who be this lovely addition to the secretarial pool ? head secretary helen , introduce yourself . helen gandy please to meet you , Mr. Hoover . I be helen gandy . young hoover welcome to the Department of justice , miss. gandy ... please let Mr. palmer know I will attend . as if he have any choice in the matter . the secretary brush off , mock he attempt at grandiosity . Edgar share one last glance with helen before she vanish . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. / pennsylvania avenue - evening packard , model ts , bike and horse draw coaches rumble by Edgar 's trolly , all share the cobblestone street . it 's the middle of the D.C. race riot : smoke drift from a business a block down . the trolly keep pace with officer chase a black man . but as they reach a intersection , the police be greet with a crowd of other black men . the police be overwhelm . Edgar watch like it 's a play , refuse to let it dampen he mood . ext . hoover 's childhood home - later as Edgar approach the house , he spot a gray - haire , emaciated man rock manically on the porch in a wicker chair . Edgar steel himself and climb the step . as soon as the old man spot Edgar , he start scream bloody murder . Edgar ignore it , he will not let this ruin he cheerful mood either . he walk into he house . int . hoover 's childhood home - continuous as Edgar walk in , he see he mother , a stout , outgo , opinionate woman bent over , tuning the radio , she giant back side to he . it 's all he see . a flash -- int . hoover 's childhood home - ( in he mind / memory ) Edgar sit at he mother 's foot . she pet he like a child . hoover 's mother Madame marcia hold court this morning . her premonition ... I should buy a dress . she say you father will die soon , and when he do , you will rise to be the most powerful man in the country . you brother be a good man , edgar , but you will restore we family to greatness . edgar -- he look up with childlike fear . her '' Edgar 's '' cross the cut -- int . hoover 's childhood home —- night in reality , Edgar be sit by the radio with he mother . edgar 's mother -- Edgar ? be I boring you ? young hoover I be listen . you fire the may . edgar 's mother I tell she after she be through with she work , she could quit as I be not pay for she impudence . the whole negro race be in open revolt . young hoover edgar 's mother I could open a they have get too investigation . comfortable . young hoover do you hear I ? I say I could open a investigation . edgar 's mother say what you mean . young hoover ( beam ) Mr. palmer call I into a meeting today . the war against the radical have begin . he insisted that I lead a new anti-radical division . edgar 's mother ( skeptical ) and do you leap like a dog ? young hoover I tell he , '' this be perhaps the great threat we nation have ever face . I can not take the job ... unless I feel certain I can be effective . '' edgar 's mother well do ! but you will take it . young hoover Three thousand a year . edgar 's mother I will have to get you all new clothes ! you can not dress like this anymore . young hoover I have forty name of suspect radical already , in only four hour . i’1l have ten thousand by the end of the month . and I have my own staff . trusted agent . edgar 's mother ( critical ) be you smoking , Edgar ? young hoover ( ashamed ) it do not come naturally . edgar 's mother listen to the doctor . with this new burden , you nerve could get the best of you . you do not want to end up like you father . go try one now . you can put you father in he room . young hoover I have to get ready for dinner . edgar 's mother you be abandon I tonight ? young hoover it 's with a typist . she 's very organize . edgar 's mother be it a date ? young hoover I think so ... I be go to show she my old card catalogue system at the library of Congress . edgar 's mother ( disappointed , critical ) Card catalogue , Edgar ? and with that , the screen door open and Edgar 's emaciate father walk in and down to the basement without say a word . both pretend not to see or hear he . she leap up and head to the basement door . edgar 's mother ( cont 'd ) romance she . wear a blue tie . you look so handsome in that blue tie ! and she slam the basement door shut , trapping she crazy husband downstairs . she seem downright jolly about it . int . library of congress - night Edgar ( in he blue tie ) and helen be surround by thousand of book and shelve , stand in front of a massive filing system in the dimly light , breathtaking heart of the Library . it 's romantic , clandestine . the only other person there be a night guard well in the distance . 10 . young hoover I help develop it . you see , each item be assign a index card with a completely unique code indicate its topic , title , author , and location . what take day to locate , now take minute . name a topic , or a author . anything . helen gandry indiscretion . young hoover what era ? helen gandry present day . young hoover time I . Edgar dive into the catalogue system . much like the blood and briefcase at the palmer house bombing , we see this search through Edgar 's mind . the same lit string appear momentarily send he to one row of file , then one column , then one specific file . lit string appear and evaporate with the splendor of lighten bug on a southern summer . he pull out a single card and flash it to helen . she giggle . he lead she in he speedy way to a tower row of book case . lit string be everywhere , all lead to a single book . he pull it out : contemporary courtship . helen gandy ( teasing ) how do you know I do not mean political indiscretion ? young hoover if you have like to start over , we can . helen gandy no . this will do . young hoover how long do I take ? helen gandry one minute , ten second . young hoover imagine if every citizen in the country be uniquely identifiable ( more ) will . young hoover ( cont 'd ) with they own card and number . say , the pattern on they finger . imagine how quickly they could be find when they commit a crime . he re-file the book , clearly miss that she 's be flirt . she 's a little disappointed . helen gandry it 's all very impressive , John . young hoover I be sorry ... should we go ? helen gandry it 's up to you . he know what he need to do . and with he hand at he side , he lean in for a kiss . it 's awkward . like a school boy . helen gandry ( cont 'd ) Mr. Hoover ... young hoover do I do something wrong ? helen gandry no . but I be not sure where you think this be head . young hoover right . of course . and with the precision of a army cadet , he get down on one knee and grab hold of she hand . young hoover ( cont 'd ) miss . gandy , despite the brief time we have know each other , I feel assure that you would make a fine companion . you strength , you character , you education -- helen gandry be you poke fun at I ? young hoover of course not . helen gandry please stand up , Mr. Hoover . 12 . young hoover ( he do , humiliate ) I would appreciate it if you do not share this with the other woman in the type pool . helen gandry of course not . young hoover would you mind tell I wh- wh - wh - what fl -- ( speed up to kill the stutter ) flaw you have find in my character ? helen gandry no . we just meet . young hoover ( speedy , defensive ) of course . but I be a fast and accurate judge of character . we have go out three time . many people do , but I do not . it 's my most treasure skill . I see people right off for what they be . and please , call I Edgar . it 's what my mother use . helen gandry Edgar , can you keep a secret ? young hoover you have my word . helen gandry I have no interest in get marry . my work come first . young hoover ( bruise ) I see ... then perhaps you 'il consider the position of personal secretary for the new radical division . in this moment of need ... for we country . that 's a proposal she can accept . he fight back the humiliation , chin up , and make a bee line out of there . int . hoover 's inner office - 1963 this be Hoover 's small private office . a red buzzer ring on he desk . he glare at it . it buzze again . 13. old hoover miss gandy ! and a old helen gandy walk in carry file . old hoover ( cont ’d ) the nitwit Kennedy child ring he baby buzzer again . perhaps he need a fresh diaper . Hoover take she file and neatly order they into he private cabinet . he lock it back . old helen gandry would you like I to find out what the Attorney General need ? old hoover I would like you to finish the transcript from the Los Angeles recording . when you be do , we will answer he buzzer . old helen gandry okay ... Edgar ? agent Smith be back . he have question about the palmer raid . should I tell he to go ? old hoover ( light up ) no ... do you like he , helen ? old helen gandry I do not have a opinion of he yet . old hoover I like he . I trust he . old helen gandry I ’1ll set he up in you outer office . old hoover no . set he up a desk in here . int . hoover 's inner office - 1964 Hoover be bright and cheery again as he spin a tale in he rapid pace for the young FBI agent who sit type away . old hoover in 1920 we have no federal law , no power , no firearm , and Congress ( more ) 14 . old hoover ( cont 'd ) like it that way . the criminal run free . but there be no law against keep track of radical . I compile note card on over 5000 name . and call the one Department that hold a small piece of untest power . agent smith the Department of Labor . the power to deport , sir . old hoover but only to deport people who check two box . they have to be foreign citizen . and , they have to be work to harm the country . young FBI man the Labor Department cooperate ? old hoover of course not . no one freely share power in Washington DC , agent Smith . int . department of labor / office - day - 1919 Young Edgar sit behind palmer who shake edgar 's note card bear name of suspect radical . Edgar be in awe as he mentor rant to the head of the Labor dept. , abercrombie and caminetti , and they young labor department lawyer . mitchell palmer you mean to tell I there be no law under which you can issue a warrant for the arrest of a alien when I certify that he be subject to deportation ?! labor dept lawyer without evidence , Mr. Attorney General ? no ! there exist a due process of law , sir ! mitchell palmer due process of law ? what about the threat to we country !? Edgar look to a old man in the corner , caminetti . a freeze frame of : edgar 's Pov of caminetti 's unflattering scowl : old hoover ( v.o. ) but one of they head , a Mr. caminetti ... well , he be wary of ( more ) 15 . old hoover ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we justice Department , but he hate one person more -- ext . a packed hall - 1919 - day a fiery , stout woman ( hair up , glass on she nose ) stand on stage shaking she fist at a crowd of 3000 red-banner wave , slogan chant Russians , Jews , fin , pole , italian ... emma goldman I be a revolutionist by nature and temperament and as such I claim the right to rebel and resist invasion by all mean , force include , consequently , a destructionist ! from a balcony , Edgar listen , jotting down note . old hoover ( v.o . ) -- Emma Goldman , hero of the radical movement . she be set to be release from prison in two week . if I could hand caminetti , Emma Goldman , he have deport she without a think . we have have we precedent ... int . hoover 's inner office - 1963 agent smith but she be a citizen , sir . Hoover have go silent . he 's focus on he frost glass and steel back door . he watch the silhouette of a old man walk past and pause . he wait , breathless . the figure limp away . the sound of a door beyond he open and close . young FBI man would you like to stop , sir ? old hoover no ... it 's hard for you to imagine today , but there be a time when the average american fear for they safety and survival . in -- ext . chicago skyline - 1919 - night the only thing lighting the city of Chicago be a half moon and burn building . old hoover -- Chicago a coal strike , start by communist labor , shut off all the power . riot follow . and on -- 16 . ext . centralia MAIN STREET / iww hall - armistice day - 1919 a parade of veteran march down a street line with citizen and boy scout . shot ring out from a rooftop . onlooker scream and scatter . body lie bleed in the street . old hoover ( v.o . ) -- armistice Day in centralia , Illinois , veteran , fresh back from War be murder by radical . the red revolution be on we soil . ext . new york CITY / prison - night Young Edgar , in a long coat , wait outside watch the face of the man who exit . he approach one , pose as a fan . young hoover Excuse , I sir ? ( the man ignore he ) be Mrs. Goldman really in there ? man at jail who 's ask ? young hoover I be a fan . I have read you write as well . do you work with she ? man at jail if you be truly interested in the Party , then you should not be stalking member on the street like a sycophant . come to a rally . organize . young hoover yes , sir . but for now , may I have you autograph ? Hoover hold out a newspaper with a story by the man , '' bolshevik America . '' the man autograph the article . int . department of justice / bureau file room - 1919 Edgar be with he new inner circle , three handsome agent and helen gandy . workmen be install row of filing cabinet young hoover we can not take they down one by one or they 's 1ll go underground and we 'il find a bomb in every Senator 's ( more ) 17 . young hoover ( cont 'd ) mailbox . it must be a simultaneous raid . hitting all of they at once . a older agent with a big mustache have question . mustached agent and who be '' they ? '' young hoover that 's what you have to find out . we need a card on every radical person in the country . who they be , where they live , what they say , what group they belong to . mustached agent who have already commit crime ? young hoover I care less if they have already commit a crime , and more if they plan to . FBI agent 2 how many be on we team ? young hoover only you four . helen gandy I will have lock install . young hoover no lock . that would draw attention . nothing will be alphabetically order . the card will be break down into subject and category . the system will be simple enough if it 's be explain . if not , find information will prove impossible . trust no one . not even fellow agent . half of we colleague be on both side of the payroll . mustached agent and the crime we be investigate be not crime ... they be idea ? young hoover if they idea be to come to this country and plot the overthrow of we government , then that be a crime . 18 . mustached agent Mrs. Goldman be not a alien . she marry a U.S. citizen . Edgar open the article he have autograph outside prison . young hoover the man she marry have not visit she once in prison , but the man she 's live with since she wedding day ... visit she nightly . mustached agent smell like a Mitchell palmer publicity stunt to I . tell I , John , what happen when we raid this list of yours , and we find nothing ? no gun , no bomb , just innocent people deport -- young hoover ( take it personally ) from every corner of this nation , the american people have urge the Attorney General to do something about the violence and return the United States to peace and glory . I be happy to send you objection to palmer himself , but in the meantime , you will expose miss Goldman 's sham marriage ... and change that suit of yours . FBI agent 1 pardon I , John ? young hoover ( be : he unfashionable suit ) you suit . have some respect for yourself , and more importantly show some respect to this Bureau . Edgar leave the room in a huff . the other agent turn away from the challenging mustach agent . he 's play he hand . ext . the justice department lobby - day Edgar walk toward a group of press . writer , cameras , all wait for he . they eye he curiously , who be this kid ? young hoover today ... um upon she release , miss Goldman be immediately serve ( more ) 19 . young hoover ( cont 'd ) deportation papers ... accord to we information , she be one of the most dangerous anarchist in this county . reporter yeah ? who be you , mister ? young hoover John . John E. Hoover . it 's not a home run , but they scribble down he name . int . ellis island / courtroom - day a inspector oversee a formal examination . Edgar hand he a checklist of accusation and sit directly in front of a tired look Emma Goldman at a table fill with government lawyer . he examine she ill fitting '' fraud of a dress . '' she catch he do it and be distract . inspector schell miss Goldman , do you live with the man you claim to be marry to ? emma goldman I decline to answer . inspector schell be you aware the man who marry you have no authority to do so ? emma goldman I decline to answer . inspector schell miss Goldman , be you a anarchist ? emma goldman I decline to answer inspector schell ( grow frustrated ) do you deny that you be a anarchist ? emma goldman I decline to answer . inspector schell do you believe in the overthrow by force or violence of the government of the United States ? 20 . emma goldman I refuse to answer . inspector schell do you advocate the assassination of public official ?! emma goldman I refuse to answer . inspector schell ( compose himself , then ) this alien have refuse to answer any question pertain to the charge contain in the warrant , notwithstand the fact that every opportunity be afforded she ... I recommend deportation . edgar 's Pov : of old caminette 's face ( earlier ) . again , the frame freeze : this time on he equally unflattering grin . old hoover ( v.o. ) and just like that , we have we precedent . int . department of justice / bureau file room - 1919 the file room have grow exponentially . the cabinet be spilling over . Edgar be pull out card . there be light string connection everywhere . helen gandy interrupt : helen gandy Edgar ? should I arrange we travel to paterson for valentine Day ? there 's trepidation in he pause . be this a romantic gesture ? young hoover yes ... of course , miss gandy . ext . new york CITY raid / montage - 1920 - night set to : bobby benton 's 1963 hit '' rose be red ( my love ) '' , a title card read : valentine day , 1920 . a Army of 500 Police , 35 trooper and bomb squad detective barge out of a station and fan out across Manhattan . ext . the russian peoples house community CENTER - that night FBI men in white shirt , tie , and winter coat and policeman with copper badge and baton burst into a building . they be 21 . greet with jeer , taunt and bottle from the Russians and anarchist inside . the baton come out . head be split . student be push down stair , bookcase be overturn , there 's blood and break bone everywhere -- it 's violent and bloody . int . train between D.C. and paterson n.j. - that night close on : a puff of smoke as Edgar light up a cigarette to try and calm he nerve . helen gandy be sit next to he . young hoover they find a counterfeit press , five pistol , two automatics . and in trenton , they find gunpowder , copper , brass wire , battery -- helen gandy a bomb factory . young hoover 120 arrest in Detroit , 41 in Philadelphia , 17 here , so far . reveal : on he lap be 33 more warrant '' for subversive radical activity . '' can not leave the work at the office ? ext . narrow CITY STREET / new jersey - late that night Black sedan drive slowly down the snow cover street . they light shut off and they coast to a stop . Edgar and helen 's foot step out quietly . but this be no date -- a dozen other officer get out with they . a secret service officer prep he ten man . secret service officer this man be armed , violent , and prepare to kill to avoid capture -- privately , Edgar hand out firearm to six of he men . FBI agent be we allow to use this , sir ? young hoover this be gift from I to you . there be no law prevent we from use we own weapon . Edgar can not naturally handle a firearm . he tuck it away , conceal it from a journalist and miss gandy who stand at a remove . 22 . int . printing PRESS / new jersey - moment later Bureau Agents , secret service , and local cop burst through the front door , gun draw . it 's a classic raid . chorus of officer hand in the air . -- on the ground . the radical inside dive for cover , reach for weapon or run up stair , but they be quickly tackle , beat , and pursue . one young radical escape up the stair . two agent chase he . Edgar , the last in the door , slowly start up the stair after they . he can hear a scuffle . it sound violent . he slow he step , and draw he gun . he reach the door , ready to fire the first shot of he life , but find it 's not a scuffle at all . the young radical be be beat within a inch of he life by the officer . Edgar watch . he 's never see such violence first hand . be it revolting ? titillate ? both ? young hoover that 's enough . the room go silent , make the scream downstairs seem all the louder . Edgar ignore it . he 's focus on : a printing PRESS in the corner -- and a stack of pink paper -- identical to the color find the night of the palmer house bombing . a string light flash out the window and connect to -— ext . attorney general palmer 's home —- flashback -- all of the pink paper at palmer 's house month ago . Edgar have complete the circle -- gun , bomb , and the solution to the palmer raid mystery . the raid be a success . ext . ellis island holding celll - midnight snow cover the ground . Edgar be dress warmly , walk with a congressman , dignitary and reporter . hundred of prisoner be be march through the snow , single file to a gangplank and onto a tugboat . Edgar watch a tired , filthy Emma Goldman struggle up the gangplank to the tugboat and disappear . the camera reveal a massive , rotting 5000 ton ship , the buford . this will not be a pleasant journey for the prisoner . above they all loom the mighty statue of Liberty . 23 . agent smith ( v.o. ) but everyone in the Bureau involved in that arrest lose they job , correct ? even palmer himself ? old hoover ( v.o. ) most do . and there be the lesson . the bomb stop . peace come . and the american people forget there be ever a threat . -- ext . attorney general palmer 's office - 1921 from afar , Edgar watch assistant carry box out of he boss 's office as palmer take a moment to assess he loss . old hoover -- so when political adversary attack palmer in he run for the White House , when they attack the Bureau , the country let it happen . palmer feel eye on he , and look up to Edgar . int . hoover 's innner office - day - 1964 young FBI man but why palmer and not you ? if you orchestrate the raid ... old hoover ( defensive , a sore spot ) I be only twenty four year old . I be follow order , agent Smith . young FBI man ( regret the question ) I understand , sir . old hoover but if we have not of do it , you may very well have be bear into a communist State instead of the country you love today , be I right ? young FBI man of course , sir . a door open across the hall . Hoover look up and see the earlier silhouette again limping toward he glass back door . old man 's voice Edgar ? 24 . old hoover ( quietly to agent Smith ) ignore he . old man 's voice Edgar ! old hoover Mr. toulson ! I will be out ina moment . I be in a meeting . old man 's voice do not forget you appointment with the Attorney General , Edgar . old hoover the file be not complete yet , Mr. toulson . go away ! the casual familiarity of the exchange in front of agent Smith bother Hoover . Smith be pack up . Hoover extend he hand for a shake , apparently want to dispense with the earlier tension . agent smith thank you , sir . I apologize . I will finish this chapter tonight . old hoover very good , agent Smith . the agent go . Hoover check the hand he just shook with . the young agent 's palm be sweaty . he seem heartbroken . he have truly like agent Smith -- int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 Hoover be in he outer office with a new agent , agent jone , 22 . he 's from Indiana . he 's by the book . old hoover say I want to include the story of how I become director . do they tell that story in the Academy ? agent jone yes sir ... you be call into the new Attorney General 's office -- old hoover harlan fiske Stone . 25 . agent jone yes sir , Attorney General Stone . he call you into he office and tell you to sit down , sir . int . attorney general' office - 1924 - day Young Edgar be let into harlan fiske stone 's office . Stone be 60 , a impose figure at 6 'i '' and 260 lb . harlan fiske stone sit down . Edgar do . Stone examine he intently over he desk . Edgar calm he nerve by manically talk business . young hoover Sir , there be almost a dozen vacancy in Chicago . with the robbery rate rise it would actually profit the bureau to fill this vacancy and start make recovery . I have cabinet fill with file on suspect , and with a congressional hearing -- harlan fiske stone lower the treble , son . you do not call this meeting . I do . young hoover yes , sir . harlan fiske stone everyone you have work with here be go . and there 's a reason for that . this Bureau be of exceedingly bad odor . would you agree ? young hoover yes , sir . harlan fiske stone and no offense , but you seem to have no social life , no wife , no girlfriend , and as far as I can tell , no pal ... at all . young hoover that 's accurate , sir . 26 . harlan fiske stone and you be shamelessly distract by this hodgepodge fingerprint affair . young hoover it would not be a hodgepodge if we could centralize the print here . harlan fiske stone it 's a speculative science at best . young hoover yes , sir . harlan fiske stone and why do they call you '' speed ? '' young hoover who call I that ? harlan fiske stone they all do ... behind you back evidently . young hoover ( unaware , cover ) well ... s- s- Sir , I earn a reputation for deliver grocery when I be ten year old . I be the fastest in the neighborhood . it be a nickname . harlan fiske stone be you sure it 's not for the way you talk ? young hoover perhaps , sir . a long beat of silence . Edgar be ready and willing to be fire -- if only to stop the humiliation . instead : harlan fiske stone Young man , I want you to be act director of the Bureau of investigation . Edgar absorb the unexpected good news , cover he shock , and look back across the desk at Stone 's impose forehead . 27 . young hoover I 'il take the job , Mr. Stone ... but only on certain condition . Stone give a quizzical look . how dare he name condition ? harlan fiske stone what be they ? young hoover ( as if prepare ) the Bureau must be divorced from politics , and not be a catch - all for political hack . recruit must be college educate . appointment must be base on merit . promotion will be make only on prove ability ... and the bureau will be responsible only to you sir , the Attorney General . harlan fiske stone ( a beat , then ) I would not give you the job under any other condition ... ( cut Edgar off ) that 's all . good day . int . department of justice / FBI office - 1930 all of the agent in the FBI be line up in two long , never end row , face each other . Edgar walk down the long isle between they , shaking each agent 's hand . young hoover I be determine to summarily dismiss from this Bureau any employee whom I find indulge in the use of intoxicant . I - - he get to a chubby agent , shake he hand . sweat . he turn to helen beside he . she take note . he continue , indicate each man with a bald spot , each man not neatly dress . young hoover ( cont 'd ) -- believe that when a man become a part of this Bureau , he must so conduct himself , both officially and unofficially , as to eliminate the slight possibility of criticism as to he conduct ... 28. he stop at a handsome linebacker of a agent with dark hair , raymond caffrey , 29 . young hoover ( cont ’d ) and you name , Sir ? raymond caffrey agent caffrey , Sir . young hoover what be you assignment ? raymond caffrey special agent to Kansas City , aid in the search for escape murder Frank nash , Sir . young hoover it 's dangerous work . but when you return , you will be reward for you service to we country . Edgar shake he hand . this be the kind of agent he want in he Bureau ( and he dinner table ) . next to he though be the mustached agent who challenge Edgar during the palmer raid . young hoover ( cont ’d ) you still fancy facial hair , agent Stokes ? mustached agent the lady appreciate it . young hoover and the lady 's opinion 's be more important than the Bureau 's ? mustached agent no ... sir . young hoover Mr. Stokes , perhaps you be better suite for the Police force than the Bureau of investigation . mustached agent I have be here seven year , Edgar . as long as you . young hoover no . you be with the old bureau seven year . that bureau be go . 29 . int . basement bed - ( hoover 's mind ? ) Edgar stand above he emaciate father , examine he with scientific curiosity . the man 's eye open wide , lock on he son and he let out a terrifying scream . Edgar bear it . silence . his father die , he jaw still ajar , mid scream . int . hoover 's childhood home / hoover 's bedroom - day a workman be install a personal telephone line into Edgar 's childhood ( and current ) bedroom . dress all in black , Edgar supervise from the doorway . workman why the phone in you son 's room and not in the master bedroom ? young hoover I be pay you to put in a line , not ask question . and Edgar pull out a pack of lucky strike . ext . hoover 's childhood home / front porch - moment later Edgar and he neice , 12 ( also in black ) , be smoking . young neice I think lucky strike be only for girl . young hoover you think wrong . hold it in you lung or it will do you no good . bounce up the street in a bonnet hold a mass of shopping bag ( and not in black at all ) be Edgar 's mother . int . hoover 's childhood home / kitchen - that night Edgar 's mother spin around in a new dress . hoover's mother I have two make . same cut , different pattern . and two suit for you . they will be deliver on Friday . Edgar sit down at the dinner table . at he place be a sapphire ring . he examine it . she cozy up . 30 . edgar 's mother it 's platinum . six diamond and a star sapphire . I have tell everyone in the neighborhood . they all know . young hoover what about the funeral for father ? edgar 's mother ( serve up some pot roast ) there 's no time for that now . young hoover I should not mother . I have be gain weight . edgar 's mother it 's solid weight . there 's nothing wrong with solid weight on a man . I be so incredibly proud of you , Edgar she pull out a clipped newspaper article . it 's small , barely a mention , but it announce he new job . edgar 's mother ( cont ’d ) I be start a album for you . I be go to put everything in it . this be just the beginning . he slip the sapphire ring on he finger -- where it will remain the rest of he life . int . mayflower HOTEL / lounge restaurant - night Edgar hold court at he corner table with special agent charle appel and another handsome agent . the wait staff pay they special attention , but Edgar do not notice . he have he eye on a group of young men celebrate at the bar . Edgar be focus on a tall , slender , sharply dressed man . trouble be , another man in the group , lawrence richey , know Edgar , and wave . Edgar return the gesture , but feel catch . his discomfort double when richey head toward he -- the sharply dressed man just behind ( clyde toulson , 28 ) . lawrence richey Mr. Hoover ! good to see you . I would like to introduce you to Mr. clyde toulson . he graduate from George Washington University tonight . with a law degree . 31 . young hoover congratulation , Mr. toulson . young toulson ( the quiet type ) thank you . I believe you be one of we most distinguished alumni . young hoover I do ... yes ... I do ... have a degree from the school . yes. ( a awkward beat ; cover ) I be just admire you suit , Mr. toulson . you could take a lesson from he , lawrence . young toulson it 's a custom cut . from garfinkel 's Department store , sir . young hoover do you have a card , Mr. toulson ? young toulson I do . of course . clyde hand he card to Edgar . Edgar look it over , hand clyde he own card , and just as quickly go back to he meal -- as if he never pay clyde any special attention . young toulson ( cont ’d ) thank you , sir . int . hoover 's outer office - day helen and Edgar be go through application . one pile for interview , one for reject . the reject pile be stack high . helen gandy ( redacting a application ) well educate . highly recommend . willing to guarantee five year service ... have a family in New York ... and a new baby . young hoover no interview . helen gandy the family in New York or the baby ? young hoover five year be not enough . we want man willing to dedicate they life . how many be that so far ? helen gandy 320 deny , and 21 interview . young hoover do you receive a application from a Mr. toulson ? helen gandy ( find the report , wary ) yes ... his report state he , '' have confidence , poise , he diction be excellent . '' but , '' although physically fitte for it , might be displease with rugge work . '' his only interest in the Bureau be to gain experience that would benefit a private law practice . and he have no interest in be here for any period of time , which would , '' render employment speculative . '' she wait for he to say '' no interview , '' but he do not . helen gandy ( cont 'd ) he do receive a letter of recommendation from the executive assistant of the Secretary of War . young hoover that 's fantastic , miss gandy . helen gandy he , well ... mention here that Mr. toulson , '' show no particular interest in woman . '' it 's 1930 's code for gay . she offer a bright side . helen gandy ( cont ’d ) then again , some of we best agent excel because they have ... no family incumbrance . young hoover you be right . bring he in for a interview . 33 . helen add he to the yes stack . Edgar try to change the subject . young hoover ( cont ’d ) the problem , miss gandy , be that this man do not look up to I . helen gandy of course they do . young hoover I do not mean figuratively . I mean . they do not look up to I . he do not want to be any clearer than that . it 's too sensitive a subject -- he 's short than most . helen gandy well ... if you could conduct the entire interview from behind you desk instead of walk about the office , I could correct that . young hoover ( consider it , then : ) miss gandy , say I have private information on someone in a position of power . harmful information ... now destroy information go against my nature , but I do not trust it in the general file either . could I trust it with you ? if we create a confidential file ? helen gandy of course , Edgar . and with that , he slide he first '' private and confidential '' file across he desk to she . it 's marked '' eleanor roosevelt . '' she set it carefully in she lap . match CUT to : ext . attorney general ROBERT kennedy office - day - 1964 old miss gandy sit outside the a.g. 's office with a stack of similar file in her lap . she patronize ROBERT kennedy secretary with a smile . 34 . int . attorney general ROBERT kennedy 's office - same time Kennedy stand by a window , pensive . a file sit casually on the corner of he desk . Hoover be relaxed in a chair , focus on a fireplace in the office . he break the silence : old hoover be the fireplace always here or do you have it put in ? ROBERT f. kennedy it be put in ... what be you do with wire - tap in that house ? old hoover you ask that I pursue this '' organize crime '' element , Mr. Kennedy , and that 's what I do . with diligence ... do you use the fireplace ? ROBERT f. kennedy rarely ... who else have hear the recording ? old hoover I have file this matter '' personal and confidential '' I be the only one with access to it . ROBERT f. kennedy Mr. Hoover , I ask you to pursue a real threat . instead you have publicly deny the existence of organize crime , and now this gross display of intimidation . old hoover Sir , I be only follow order . we bugge the basement of a home in Los Angeles that be a know gather place for lawbreaker . how be I to know that a criminal 's girlfriend and a east german communist would be down there have sex with you brother , the President of the United States . do not shoot the messenger , sir . I be here to protect you both . ROBERT f. kennedy what do you want from I ? 35 . old hoover if this information be discover by the public it would create wide spread distrust in you brother 's leadership ability , and before all else , I hold the well be of we country paramount . ROBERT f. kennedy so how may I help you , Mr. Hoover ? old hoover if I be to pursue the element you consider a threat , I humbly request that you allow I the same power and access to follow the group I see as immediate threat . ROBERT f. kennedy it 's not 1920 anymore . old hoover do you know who stanley levinson be ? ROBERT f. kennedy a lawyer . old hoover a white communist lawyer who be organize at the high level . include the sclc . his group be grow , they aim be entirely self serve , and they leadership be openly critical of this Department . have you read the clipping I send ? ROBERT f. kennedy I can not say I have . Hoover pull out the critical newspaper clipping ( the one that make he sweat in the open scene ) . old hoover they claim we be , '' unable to get conviction in even the most heinous crime , '' and that we have , '' falter under the pressure , complexity and responsibility of we office . '' in print in the New York Times . ROBERT f. kennedy you can not bear a little criticism ? 36 . old hoover it depend on what they aim be ... they be gain considerable power , they priority be singularly focus on they own issue , and they be try to incite revolt . ROBERT f. kennedy frankly , they sound more critical of you office than mine ... there 's a new face to communism , Edgar , and this be not it . communism be a foreign threat now . not domestic . old hoover Mr. Kennedy . before you be even bear , I hear that very same argument from a Mr. Mitchell palmer . and do you know what it take to change he mind ? a bomb . if he have sit in he smoking chair five more minute that night in 1919 , we would have be lucky to have find a intact index finger . I do not want to see that happen to you , or you brother . ( attempt a conciliatory tone ) there 's no reason we can not both get what we want . we can wage a war on two front , sir . ROBERT f. kennedy you can go now . and please leave the transcript with I . old hoover yes sir . feel free to share they with you brother . I have a copy of my own , in safe keep . and with that threat , Hoover walk toward the door , stop at the fireplace , inspect it , and go , a smile creep into the corner of he mouth . the rhythm of he shoe on the flooring cross the cut , match the rhythm of -- int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1924 -- Young Edgar do push up in he office with the window open to let in air and dry he brow . footstep ! Edgar take a handkerchief from he pocket and dab he brow , but he 's not sweat . 37 . miss gandy you four o'clock be here , sir . he hurry to close the window , but the curtain get stick , the window jam , and the handkerchief fall from he pocket . he head for he desk . his office door open . miss gandy let in the next applicant , it 's dapper clyde toulson ( earlier ) . young hoover have a seat , Mr. toulson . Edgar round he desk and step up onto a new SMALL platform to make he taller . clyde smile , try to relieve Edgar 's embarrassment . he step toward the desk and extend a hand . young toulson Mr. Hoover , thank you for this opportunity . a side shot reveal Edgar stand on he riser , still not quite as tall as clyde . they shake hand . young hoover please . take a seat . young toulson thank you , sir . young hoover there be several problem with you application , Mr. toulson , not the least of which be you do not show the require dedication to the bureau , nor the dedication t-- as Edgar rattles , he watch clyde 's eye . clyde see the curtain stick in the window . he see the handkerchief on the floor , and the spot of sweat form on Edgar 's brow . young hoover ( cont 'd ) --t--t--to ... th -- ( speed up to stop stutter ) the protection of the american people and the american way . this be no platform to a fatter paycheck in private practice . we see what Edgar see : light string connect the evidence clyde be look at . it seem to Edgar that clyde can see the string as well . it 's frightening , invasive , titillate -- 38 . young hoover ( cont ’d ) be there something the matter , Mr. toulson ? young toulson be exercise a requirement for all agent 's , Mr. Hoover ? young hoover ( bust ? ) all agent must be in excellent physical condition . we must out Match and out wit the public enemy at every turn . young toulson what kind of routine do you do ? young hoover ( make it up ) sit up ... push up ... squatting ... young toulson how about chin up ? young hoover yes . of course . young toulson I see . would you like I to fix the curtain , Mr. Hoover ? or perhaps open the window ? I always enjoy the air after exercise . do not you , sir ? young hoover if it would please you . and clyde carefully and expertly remove the curtain from the window , bend over , pluck up the handkerchief off the floor , and return it to Edgar 's desk . young toulson where I may fall short in term of resume , I apparently far exceed the rest in term of honesty . I do not lie to get this interview . like the rest , I would like to start a private practice eventually , but I could be persuade otherwise if the right opportunity arise . 39 . ext . garfinkel 's department store - day Edgar step out of a limousine and walk into the department store . clyde get out behind he and follow he in . int . garfinkel 's department store / montage - day Edgar be measure for a suit -- clyde supervise fabric choice -- clyde pull out tie and shoe -- Edgar try on a 3 - piece -suit . it 's the first time we have see he this put together . he look like the '' Hoover '' the world now know . int . garfinkel 's department store - later Edgar be with a clerk , he item laid out on a counter . clyde be at a remove . something 's wrong . thing get uncomfortable when the department store credit director appear . credit director be you Mr. John Hoover ? young hoover I be . be there a problem ? credit director it seem there 's a Mr. John Hoover whose credit have go bad with we . that would appear to be you . young hoover ( quiet , humiliate ) that 's not I . on my word . my parent call I Edgar , my niece call I j.e . and I sign John E , not John . credit director Sir , may I suggest you choose one name , and re-apply . he present a new application . Edgar look at the blank name space . he put a pen to the page , and write . '' J. -- edgar -- hoover . '' the camera focus in on the soon to be famous name . int . helen gandy 's office — day Edgar walk in wear he new 3 - piece -suit with a pocket square -- the more dapper look he ’1ll carry the rest of he life . helen gandy greet he with a grim face . young hoover you do not like it ? 40 . helen gandy Mr. Hoover . there 's be a massacre in Kansas City . young hoover one of ours ? helen gandy yes . young hoover ( he worst fear ) special agent caffrey ? ext . kansas CITY train station ( flashback ) - day gun FIRE and smoke . Cars screech to a halt . passenger run for they life . Police officer scramble for cover . a voice let ‘em have it ! a man with a machine gun beside a plymouth start fire on two officer . another gangster behind a second car open fire . the two cop immediately fall to the ground , dead . a man catch a bullet in he arm . he drop to the ground and scramble to the side of a chevy , toward agent caffrey ( the dark haire linebacker of a agent Edgar compliment earlier ) . caffrey scramble to the driver 's side of he chevrolet to provide safe haven for the wounded man , but he 's cut short as a bullet blast through he head . old hoover ( v.o. ) by 1930 , the communist threat have be beat back , but -- int . hoover 's outer office - 1930 - day a movie crew have light Edgar 's office . clyde be by a window dress as a FBI agent . it 's sexy on he . old hoover ( v.o. ) -- the depression have hit , and they be a new threat . the bank robber , the car thief and the kidnapper . but like communism , America do not react with scorn , they give the american gangster they admiration . 4l . Edgar be in he new suit behind he desk . two flag flank it , make the perfect stage . a makeup woman powder he nose . director whenever you be ready , sir . young hoover we nation be under attack from within . the problem of organize gang warfare and the defiance by desperate armed criminal of the force of society and civilization can no longer be ignore . -- int . movie theater / chicago - 1930 - night a audience watch the newsreel feature Edgar . young hoover -- pretty Boy floyd be now Public enemy number one . look around you . he could be anywhere . with you help , the american gangster 's day be numbered . the audience be none too pleased with Edgar 's announcement : boos , popcorn at the screen . the projectionist cut it short . a trailer fade in . it 's public enemy star jame cagney as the dash gangster . the audience erupt with applause !! int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 Old Hoover be again talk to agent Jones -- who be more focus on the workmen demolishing hoover 's back wall . old hoover but that summer , a single crime open the door to set thing right . do you know what that be , Mr. Jones ? agent jone ( distract ) I be sorry , sir , what be that ? old hoover who be the most famous man of the 20th century ... thus far ? agent jone Joe mccarthy , sir ? 42 . Hoover clearly disapprove . this guy be toast . int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 Old Hoover have a new , very sweaty agent , at the typewriter . sweaty balding agent the most famous ? be that you , sir ? Hoover be focus on the bald spot form on the crown of the agent 's head . that and the sweat be deal breaker . int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 Hoover be with yet another agent , agent garrison . this one be very young and handsome with a North Carolina accent . agent garrison well I suppose he notoriety depend on the field he be in . old hoover his field ... be in the cloud . agent garrison then Charles lindbergh , sir . int . hoover 's childhood home / hoover 's bedroom - night - 1932 the private phone ( earlier ) ring . it 's 11 pm . Edgar be in he childhood bed , asleep . he stir and answer the phone . young hoover yes ?... send officer from trenton . I will be on the first train . his mother come in . he hang up . he look truly disturb . edgar 's mother what be it ? young hoover the lindbergh 's baby have be kidnap . edgar 's mother ( deeply shocked ) you have to find he , Edgar . he have to be bring home alive . young hoover yes , mother . 43 . ext . the linberg 's home / new jersey - daybreak Edgar and clyde arrive at the lindbergh home , a big white house in the middle of a field . all around be police car and giant lamp that must have burnt all night . like the palmer crime scene , Edgar look for clue , little light string make connection . a officer talk at clyde : NJ officer this morning alone we have hear from the Pennsylvania railroad , will Rogers , President Hoover , Governor Roosevelt , the custom Department , the U.S. mail and the Boy scout -- edgar watch the NJ police trudge around a area under a open upstairs window . he shout out . young hoover all of you . get off of that dirt . you be trample evidence . Colonel shwartzkoff ( clearly the one in charge ) approach : colonel shwartkoff there 's nothing there . no define footprint . it seem he be wear fabric on he shoe . young hoover and you do not think the size of the print may have hold some value ? ( be : the upstairs window ) and how do he get up there ? be there mark on the window and wall you be erase as well ? colonel shwartkoff there be a ladder . we find it a hundred yard away in three piece . we move it inside . young hoover you move it ? colonel shwartkoff yes . for safe keep . young hoover congratulation . you have completely contaminate the crime scene . now ( more ) 44 , young hoover ( cont 'd ) if you please , get you boot off of this property , Mr. shwartzkoff . officer shwartkoff what right do you have to be here , Mr ... young toulson J. Edgar Hoover . director of the FBI . we have be send by President Hoover himself to make sure this crime be resolve successfully . young hoover the President have authorize access to all document and evidence -- officer shwartkoff Mr. Hoover , you be free to observe , but New Jersey be not the President 's domain . young hoover where be Mr. lindbergh ? I have like to hear he opinion on the matter . int . the lindbergh home / garage - later surrounded by workmen install a bank of phone line , Edgar hover over the ladder : it 's home -made , each of it 's three piece measure 80.5 inch . we see Edgar 's lit string as he make connection -- the section must have fit neatly into each other to form a 20 foot ladder that would collapse to 6 . a side -rail on the center section have split along the grain . young hoover he fall five foot . charle lindbergh who do ? reveal charle lindbergh , dress well , but bear the sign of no sleep . he seem interested in what Edgar have to say . young hoover the kidnapper ... with the child in he arm , sir . colonel shwartkoff that 's speculation , Mr. Hoover . 45 . young hoover Mr. lindbergh , sir , if it have split on the way up , it would have collapse . it be a miscalculation . built to bear the weight of a man go up , but not the weight of a man and a child come down . colonel shwartkoff we have other theory . young hoover ( annoyed , but careful in front of lindbergh ) and the ransom note ? May I see the note please , Mr. shwartzkoff ? shwartzcoff pull it out and hesitantly offer it up . young hoover ( cont ’d ) you have be touch it with you bare hand as well ? officer shwartkoff we check . there be none of the '' finger imprint '' you fancy so valuable , Mr. Hoover . young hoover none you could find perhaps . would you please put it down ? a moment of eye contact between Edgar and lindbergh , then as Edgar read it , we see all the clue : the distinct space , spelling and grammar glowing in hoover 's trademark manner . young hoover ( cont 'd ) '' have 50,00 $ redy . we will inform you be to deliver the mony . we warn you for make anyde public or for notify the police . indication for all letter be singnature '' s- I - n-g sing - nature '' and 3 hole . '' and the camera zero in on the three hole symbol the kidnapper make in the bottom corner of the letter . young hoover ( cont 'd ) I want this letter . and the ladder . colonel shwartkoff ( lean in close ) there be no Federal jurisdiction ( more ) 46 . colonel shwartkoff ( cont 'd ) here . I have show you what you ask for . it 's time for you to go . Edgar look to lindbergh who be examine the letter now . he seem exhaust , helpless , unsure of who to trust . ext . lindbergh 's home / hoover 's car - later Edgar and clyde get back in they car . young hoover I be afraid for he boy . young toulson he trust the local police more than we . young hoover no . he think we be all fool . he ’1ll go around they too . he ’1l1 bargain with the kidnapper . int . U.S. congress -— day Edgar sit with clyde before a Senate Committee . he 's a brilliant speaker , never look down , never pause . young hoover President Hoover call I the morning the child be take and ask that I do whatever be in my power to help solve this crime . but do you know what all of the power of the FBI mean without federal law ? without arm ? without the power to make arrest ? it mean nothing . if we be one nation under God then we should have a force that can aid every state in this nation and stop the wave of crime that be pull we into chaos . Mr. Chairman , I urge passage of the lindbergh Law , make kidnap a federal offense . to immediately deliver every finger print in the country to my office so that we may have a central file . to arm we agent so that we have a fight chance against they sub-machine gun . I urge you to do this in the name of little lindy . because if he can be take , then what child be safe ? and if we cannot aid in he safe return , then what use be we ? 47 . it 's a smash success of a speech . int . hoover 's inner office - day Edgar watch from a window as truck in the courtyard unload massive file . something weigh on he . helen gandy what be it , Edgar ? young hoover the rest of the fingerprint from Leavenworth and Chicago . she wait . he turn . that 's not what she mean . young hoover ( cont ’d ) we new President have schedule a meeting ... there 's talk of be - organize the FBI . helen gandy I have hear similar whisper . young hoover do you remember the file we build on he wife , miss gandy ? would you make a copy for I ? he look out the window and step out onto the balcony . ext . hoover 's balcony - continuous Edgar put on a big smile . down below on Pennsylvania Avenue be Roosevelt 's inaugural parade . Edgar wave down to Roosevelt as he car pass , then head back inside int . hoover's inner office - ( apparently continuous ) - 1964 as if a continuous ( but 32 year later ) Hoover come in off the balcony . he be greet by he young writer . two worker at the far end be now building the facade of a new fireplace . it look identical to Kennedy 's . old hoover lindbergh hire criminal to look for he son . he even get a offer from Al capone to help pay the ransom . and he employ a eccentric by the name of John condon who would place a newspaper ad to act as a go - between between with the kidnapper . 48 . agent garrison be condon a criminal too ? int . the lindbergh home / nursery - night - 1932 a white haire JOHN condon be escort in and up to lindy 's crib . it have not be disturb since the kidnap night . pin still hold the cover down . the window be still ajar . Mr. lindbergh walk into the room . charle lindbergh Mr. condon ? you say the kidnapper respond to you ad ? condon ( hand over two letter ) twice now . I will reply in the newspaper if you will allow it ... do he leave the note in the crib ? charle lindbergh no . on the window sill . condon look at the pin secure the blanket in the crib . condon this pin be unique . charle lindbergh my wife use they to hold the cover in place . we son have a cold when he be take . condon can I take they with I ? charle lindbergh ( not sure of this man ) why be you do this ? condon so a mother may have she child again and that you may know that the american people be grateful for the honor bestow upon they by you pluck and dare . charle lindbergh how do we know this letter of yours be from the kidnapper ? 49 . condon the symbol match the original letter 's symbol ... do not it ? ( silence ) what be it Mr. lindbergh ? charle lindbergh in a moment of thoughtlessness , I show the symbol to some other man who have offer to help . I be not sure they be trustworthy . I be not sure anyone be trustworthy anymore , Mr. condon . you should know that I have decide to have you letter analyze to see if they be truly from the same author . int . the attorney general' private library - day Edgar storm into a law book jamme room with a studious look man , mr . albert S. osborne , and several agent . young hoover clear all of this table . young agent where do we put the book , sir ? young hoover out of my sight ... Mr. osborne , what do you need from we ? albert S. osborne Bright light . a microscope . measure instrument . magnify glass ... a projector . young hoover you have the full resource of the Bureau . do not be shy , a child 's life depend on this . albert S. osborne okay . Paper sample ... from every regional manufacturer . young hoover Mr. toulson , you will get Mr. osborne whatever he need to conclude without a doubt that this letter come from the same author . 50 . and with that , Edgar put the three lindbergh note on the now book clear table . lindbergh have hand they over . ext . the attorney general 's private library - later clyde stand with a impatient Edgar , outside the makeshift lab . a sign indicate this be the Attorney General 's library . young toulson should we tell the Attorney General ? young hoover so he can say '' no '' for the third time ? just post a sign . young toulson to say what ... '' keep out ? '' young hoover no . '' FBI crime Laboratory . '' have it carve in wood and nail in . if he want it go , he can pull it out himself . it 's time we have at least one thing the bad guy do not . young toulson decorate skill ? young hoover Science , clyde . Albert osborne walk out of he lab . Edgar perk up . albert S. osborne the ink be different , but the handwrite be a match . whoever Mr. condon be corresponding with be the person who write the original note . young hoover or ... condon write all the note himself . young toulson lindbergh be plan to deliver the ransom money through condon . it may have already happen . young hoover call the Internal Revenue service . get they to lindbergh 's home . I insist that bill be mark . sl. Edgar start down the hall . Albert stop he with : albert S. osborne be that all , Mr. Hoover ? I have a 2:30 pm class to teach . young hoover no you do not . consider you pay double . you work for you country now , Mr. osborne . ext . graveyard gate / jerome avenue - night condon wait at the front gate reread he instruction . a man approach , but walk right by . condon check he watch : 9:15 pm . he consider , then start to leave . as he do , he see a white handkerchief be wave from inside the cemetary through the bar of the gate . condon approach . the man be in a overcoat with a fedora cover he eye , the handkerchief now over he nose and mouth . each time condon near , he dart behind a gravestone , pull condon deeper and deeper into the graveyard . finally the man shout out in a german accent : man in the graveyard have you got the money ? condon I can not bring the money until I have see the baby . both man hear footstep . the man jump a fence and run . condon ( cont 'd ) I promise you there be no police . man in the graveyard ( shout back as he run ) it 's too dangerous . the footstep turn out to be that of a night guard . condon wait for he to pass , then pursue the man deep into the park . out of breath , and ready to collapse , condon slow he pace . so do the man with the handkerchief . condon no one will hurt you . man in the graveyard if they catch I they will . he slowly 52 . condon they only want the child . man in the graveyard they 'il give I thirty year if I be catch . they could burn I . condon no . man in the graveyard I do not do it . I be only the messenger . approach condon . condon brace himself . man in the graveyard ( cont ’d ) what if the baby be dead ? would I burn if the baby be dead ? condon why would we be meeting if the baby be dead ? man in the graveyard he 's not . he 's treat well . better than the diet in the newspaper ad he mother put down . but would I burn if I do not kill it ? condon no ... and you have see the child ? man in the graveyard you got my letter with the singnature . it be the same like the letter with the singnature which be leave in the baby 's crib . condon in the crib ? man in the graveyard yes . condon be tell differently . he pull the pin from the baby 's crib from he pocket . condon do you recognize this ? man in the graveyard that be from the baby 's crib . 53 . condon so you be there . yourself . man in the graveyard ( feel bust , he flee ) place another ad in the paper when you have the money . and with that , the man vanish . int . lindbergh 's home / garage - night condon and lindbergh be with a officious little IRS man , elmer irey . Edgar , clyde and agent sisk , watch he record the number off each gold marker bill onto a ledger . charle lindbergh I think gold note be go out of circulation , Mr. irey . elmer irey that 's we hope . it will make this bill more identifiable . charle lindbergh I have no need to pursue the money , Mr. Hoover . I only want my son . young hoover this be not just for you lindy , sir . I have already assign a 26 man team , lead by special agent sisk here to pursue the case . if we let this people go free , no child will be safe . charle lindbergh if they find out you be involved , I may never see my son again . young hoover we will not pursue a single lead until you child be in he mother 's arm . you have my word . int . movie theater - night sitting in the audience , Edgar watch a newsreel fire up . it 's a plea for the safe return of '' Little lindy '' feature the happy , curly head toddler at he parent 's estate . Edgar look to he leave , to he mother , a tear on she cheek . 54 . int . hoover 's childhood home - night Edgar 's mother walk in , sit on the edge of Hoover 's bed , and wake he . only half awake , he seem very boyish . edgar 's mother I have a nightmare , Edgar . that you be cover in blood . that you have split you skull open , and be leave to die under a tree . you be find by two farmer pass on the highway . what trouble be you in , Edgar ? tell I . ext . northern tip of ST . raymond 's cemetary - night condon walk alone . the night be dark , and there be only the occasional passerby . he 's be wait for a while . finally : man in the graveyard ( v.o. ) ay , Doctor . reveal : this be lindbergh 's Pov from a Ford down the block . he hear the voice . he watch condon talk to the man from afar , and then dissapear with he . ext . a CITY STREET near raymond cemetary - later condon run out of the cemetary , and up to the driver 's side door . lindbergh do not see he child . condon I talk he out of 20,000 dollar . charle lindbergh I would prefer he happy than save the money , Mr. condon . I do not want to upset he . condon I be sorry , sir . lindbergh again see the man with the handkerchief . this time far in the distance . lindbergh hand condon the BOX of money . lindbergh 's Pov : condon return to the man , hand he the box with he leave hand and accept a envelope with he right . the man kneel down and inspect the money . stands , shake condon 's hand , blow he nose , drop the handkerchief and disappear . condon make it back to the car . 55 . charle lindbergh the baby ? where be the baby ? condon ( hand over the envelope ) I promise to wait six hour before open it . charle lindbergh get in . condon get in . they drive away in silence . Charles resist open the envelope , but he can not . he tear it open . charle lindbergh ( cont 'd ) you give you word . I do not. ( read the note ) '' the boy be on boad nelly . it be a small boad 28 foot long . two person be on the boad . the be innosent . you will find the boad between horseneck Beach and Gay head near Elizabeth Island . '' ext . the skie above martha 's vinyard - montage - day lindbergh fly he plane low , look at every boat -- by the shore -- along the dock -- out to sea . agent garrison ( v.o. ) what be in the boat ? old hoover there be no boat . lindbergh -- int . hoover's outer office - 1964 Hoover be with he writer . old hoover -- do not trust we . he want to do it he way . who could blame he ? nobody respected we then . and at that moment , simultaneously , both the front and back door of this outer office open . from one end , helen , from the other , a bent over old man who be once handsome , this be old clyde toulson . Hoover only see helen . helen gandy Mr. Hoover , we have be call -- 56 . old toulson Edgar ... Hoover turn toward the voice . he read toulson 's face . old hoover agent garrison . it 's time to go . garrison go , but not before note the familiarity between toulson and Hoover . once alone with toulson and helen : helen gandy the Attorney General have authorize you wire tap . old hoover very good , miss gandy . old toulson ( not so pleased ) be you sure you want this ? once you do it ... it 's do . old hoover and when I prove myself correct , we will have save this country another radical revolution . History will remember that . old toulson and if you be wrong , history will judge it a illegal move over a petty grudge . old hoover ( furious ) be we reputation petty to you , Mr. toulson ? order the wire . old toulson can we discuss it over dinner ? old hoover after you order the wire . he see the tension in Hoover 's face , the doubt . helen go . int . helen gandy 's office - moment later helen gandy ( habitual , into she phone ) the director be on he way . 57 . ext . willard HOTEL - same time / intercut a agent sneak in the service door of a hotel . ext . hoover 's outer office - moment later / intercut Hoover and toulson walk the hall to the elevator , side by side . Agents clear the hall . int . willard HOTEL - moment later / intercut the agent pick the lock on a hotel room door . int . d.o.j / elevator - moment later / intercut reaching the elevator , Agents step out before they floor . Hoover and toulson step into a open , wait lift . they nightly departure be clearly choreograph . int . willard HOTEL - moment later / intercut the agent plant a microphone under a hotel room mattress . int . department of justice / elevator - moment later Hoover and toulson ride down in silence together . int . department of justice / basement hall - continuous ( ish ) a agent speak into a microphone in a closet off the hall . parking lot agent j.e.h. approach . and the pair step out of the elevator and into the hall -- but it 's not toulson and Hoover anymore , it 's young , handsome clyde and edgar -- with a file in hand . they sail toward the door . as they near it , a agent open it for they , not make eye contact . int . department of justice / garage - continuous - 1933 perfectly time , Edgar and clyde walk out as a armored car pull up , agent open the door , and they load in . int . the armore car / d.0.j. garage - continuous the black driver call back . driver harvey 's Restaurant , sir ? 58 . young hoover ( we hear he nerve ) no. to the White House . the car pull out of the garage and into the atrium . giant gate open let they out onto Pennsylvania Ave . ext . roosevelt 's office - day Edgar sit outside Roosevelt 's office hold the file on he lap , wait patiently , watch the clock -- 5:30 pm . secretary the President be ready for you , Mr. Hoover . and Edgar walk in , ready to fight for he job . int . harvey 's restaurant - that evening a old world , elegant restaurant . the staff be immaculate . Edgar and clyde be escort to they corner booth without a word , complete familiarity . a few head turn as they take they seat . it 's a corner table , a stage of sort . int . harvey 's restaurant - later Edgar and clyde have settle in to they booth . young hoover it 's the same dance each time . they make I wait . they imagine I be sweat , that they be show I who 's boss . and I play along . young toulson do you play he the tape ? young hoover no . the transcript . but he do not want to read it . that be unique . he want I to tell he about it . young toulson how you come across it ? young hoover no . I explain up front we have never expect to find Mrs. Roosevelt in the bedroom of a know communist agitator . much less have what sound like ... a intimate moment . ( more ) 59 . young hoover ( cont 'd ) ( anxious laugh ) and that I need he guidance in how to proceed . I want he to know he have a ally . young toulson before he have a chance to ask you to resign . young hoover exactly , but when I be do , he simply push the file aside . he seem unconcern with it ... clyde , the President of the United States be afraid . young toulson afraid of you ? young hoover of a potential invasion from abroad . ( to the pass host ) Sir , can we have a bottle of dom ? host of course , Mr. Hoover . clyde give Edgar a look . this be unusual . young toulson you be drink now ? young hoover we be celebrate ... I feel I can trust you with anything , clyde -- young toulson I would like to think so . young hoover ( a big secret ) the President sign a secret order granting I increase power of surveillance . secret surveillance of Communists and radical . without warrant . young toulson be that legal ? young hoover sometimes we have to break the rule if we be go to keep we country safe ... ( more ) 60 . young hoover ( cont 'd ) ( off clyde 's concern ) but to make sure I have not hear wrong , I clarify it with Secretary of state Hull . he say , '' go ahead and investigate the cocksucker . '' young toulson vulgar . young hoover agreed . ( search clyde 's eye ) I want to ask you something . young toulson feel free . young hoover I need someone who understand what 's at stake , who I can trust . a associate director of the FBI ... I know you have only be with we 12 month ... young toulson +-- almost 18 . young hoover ( strangely intimate ) you be miss my point . clyde , I want you to be my number two man . young toulson I be not one for the spotlight . young hoover I need you , clyde . young toulson ( consider , then ) under one condition . ( Edgar smile ) good day or bad , if we agree or disagree , we never miss a lunch or dinner together . young hoover I have have it no other way . the host arrive with champagne , a reporter trail he . 61 . host Mr. Hoover , Mr. Walters from the Times be here to see you . the champagne pop . Edgar be as happy as he will ever be . int . a truck / hopwell - mt. rose highway , NJ - day two man drive along a small , muddy , isolate section of the road just near the summit , william , 46 , turn to the driver : william pull over . driver only a half mile to mt. Rose . william can not wait . ext . hopwell - mt. rose highway / roadside - moment later William wander into the wood , duck under a branch , unbutton he coverall , and look down . what he see be hard to believe -- stick up through the dirt be what appear to be a skull and a foot . the dirt all around be kick up . william orville ! int . a truck / hopwell - mt. rose highway , NJ - same time orville perk up , get out of the truck and wander down . the camera crane up and over the tree , revealing not four mile away , the white wall of the lindbergh 's home . ext . hoover 's childhood home - night Edgar be at he mother 's bedside . she lie motionless in bed sip medicine / sherry . Edgar be devastate . young hoover the body be blacken , the leave leg miss from the knee down . a visible fracture on the skull . he have suffer a violent blow to the head ... I tell they month ago , he must have fall on the way down , with the baby in he arm . she turn she head , clearly in pain . clearly quite ill . 62 . young hoover ( cont ’d ) we be the sinner , we tolerate lawlessness in the land until it grow to diabolical proportion ... the baby 's blood be on all of we hand . on you hand , Edgar . Edgar be horrify at the idea , but believe it deeply . int . department of justice / FBI office - 1932 as before : Edgar walk down the hall toward the press . this time , when they see he and clyde come , they leap to attention , snap photo , and throw out question . young hoover a short time ago , I speak with the President . he order I to employ the full force of the FBI in solving this case . the day of the criminal in America be over . there will be justice before the year be out . that be a promise from the FBI . a chorus of reporter Mr. Hoover ! -- Mr. Hoover ! Edgar love the new attention . clyde focus in on a single reporter who seem less than impressed . int . department of justice / FBI office - moment later clyde have pull the disinterested reporter aside for a private chat with Edgar . reporter how many more piece can I run on lindbergh 's employee and relative ? I need something fresh . young toulson and if the director give you a piece of information , exclusively , how do the country benefit ? reporter the country ? ( read clyde ) a story on the FBI ? ( read Edgar ) on its young director ? 63 . young hoover what angle ? reporter ( consider , then : ) with the inescapable demise of the american outlaw , the new american hero be the FBI . young hoover a story or a cover story ? reporter I can not promise a cover . but I have a pal in the radio business if you be willing to share true life storey . maybe even a comic book . young hoover ( tamp down he joy ) I would only want the truth to be tell . nothing colorful . just who we be . who I be . what we do . toulson smile at the reporter . they all know what Edgar really want -- fame -- for himself and he FBI . int . '' g-men '' comic book / animation montage - day a cartoon hoover be the star of the classic g-men comic . it leap to life through animation . Hoover tote a machine gun . fake hoover voice give up Mr. X or it 's all over . criminal cartoon voice say who ? fake hoover voice the FBI . then a flurry of machine gun fire make the jump to : jump to : comic book hoover and a gaggle of other FBI agent raid a farm . as they bust down the door , a comic book label the man in the door machine gun kelly , with the bubble : machine gun kelly ( v.o. ) do not shoot , g-men ! 64 . int . hoover 's childhood home - night - 1933 Close on Edgar 's mother pasting another clipping in she now thick scrap book : '' machine gun kelly -- capture alive . '' old hoover ( v.o. ) six week after the kidnap , Congress pass the lindbergh law make kidnap a federal offense . the right to make arrest follow , then the right to bear arm . int . hoover 's inner office - day Edgar slip a revolver into a holster under he vest . the handle have a mother - of - pearl grip . old hoover ( v.o. ) I begin collect the finest scientific mind in the country . int . department of justice / a.g. 's library - day the three piece of the lindbergh ladder be carefully bring into the temporary lab in the a.g. 's old library . Edgar have he eye on the strangely dress , introverted man who seem to be organize thing , arthur koehler . young toulson he claim to be the world expert on wood analysis . young hoover it 's easy to be the expert if you be the only one in the world with any interest . young toulson he claim he can tell as much from a wood cut as a doctor can from a autopsy . he have some ... social difficulty -—- young hoover be he mentally ill ? young toulson only as mad as you be ... sir . the Attorney General storm across the hall toward edgar. 65 . attorney general this be suppose to be a '' temporary inconvenience '' , Mr. Hoover . if you want you sherlock holme playtime , I suggest -- young hoover where do you suggest I go ? attorney general I suggest you take you case to congress and put my book back . young hoover ( turn red ) would you like I to tell the country we cannot solve the lindbergh case because we can not afford a proper labratory and the Attorney General will not even let we use he library ? attorney general Fine . now get you science fair project out of here ! int . congressional hearing room - day Edgar sit before a pack hearing . clyde sit beside he . young hoover we must outsmart and outwit the foreign and domestic criminal . they have chemist building bomb . we need chemist trace they effort . we must have the most advanced force in the world if we be to have the safest nation on earth . senator but Mr. Hoover , yours be already one of the most well fund department in Washington . young hoover that be true sir , but we car and bank robbery recovery totale 6.5 million last year , and we budget be only 2 million . unlike other department in Washington , we run a profit ... and you can not possibly quantify the value of we success ( more ) 66 . young hoover ( cont 'd ) with pretty Boy floyd , baby face Nelson , Machine gun Kelly . senator mckeller take the mic . he 's not half as friendly . senator mckeller Mr. Hoover , be it true that you directly or indirectly spend the Bureau 's money on advertising ? young hoover we be not permit in any way to engage in advertising , sir . senator mckeller but you take part , for instance , in the make of radio show and comic book ... I have see several of this '' g- man '' program , and you picture seem to be show in conjunction with they quite frequently . young hoover ( very uncomfortable ) we decline emphatically to lend any form of endorsement and have nothing to do with they production , furnish no advice , technical advice or other advice . clyde lean back and try not to look shocked -- this be a blatant lie . for the first time , Edgar start to sweat . senator mckeller the very advertisement say the broadcast be , '' true reflection , as contain in the official record ... base on actual case from the file of Federal Bureau of investigation , Saturday night at 8 o'clock . '' ( Edgar be speechless ) Mr. Hoover , what be you exact qualification for you leadership position with this Bureau ? young hoover ( he job now at risk ) 19 year with the Department of justice . 12 as director . senator mckeller and in that time , have you ever make a arrest , yourself ? 67 . young hoover I have make investigation . I administer many case at once , Sir . senator mckeller that 's not what I ask . the comic show you with a machine gun , make arrest . be that just fiction ? young hoover I be responsible for thousand of arrest , sir . senator mckeller so you admit it 's pure fiction . in fact it be not you who hunt and capture John dilinger at all . it be agent purvis , be that correct ? young hoover I have be in charge of all of this case ... but no sir , I have not personally make a arrest . Edgar 's blood be boil , humiliate . ext . the capitol - later Edgar march out , rambling at clyde at a frantic pace . young hoover we spend we life work for justice , and the thanks we get be a political attack . would they rather crime go unsolve ? why be he fight I ? start a file on Senator mckeller immediately . I want three agent on he at all time . go through he trash . photograph he at every dinner . Edgar arrive at he armored car and get in . clyde follow . young hoover ( cont 'd ) get out . you can walk back . young toulson we have lunch . we do not miss lunch . no matter what . remember ? young hoover you pull away from I in there . 68 . young toulson I be sorry , Edgar , but it be a lie . a easily provable one . if he have pursue it , there 's no tell how much worse it could have be . young hoover ( a beat , then ) find out where agent purvis be . he be to be demote immediately , or better yet , fire . young toulson firing the man who kill dilinger would be a pr disaster . young hoover then he ’1ll spend the rest of he career behind a desk . and tell he if he want to keep that job , he have best keep out of the papers . Edgar shut the door leave clyde on the sidewalk . the car drive off . the '' lunch promise '' be already break , but it 's not the punishment clyde take it as -- Edgar be break down . he set in on a panic attack . int . hoover 's childhood home - night Edgar sit next to he mother 's bed , soothing he woe with a bottle of johnny Walker . she look very sick . young hoover I do not know who to trust anymore , mother . let I take you to a doctor . I can not go on without you . please , mother . we could go now . edgar 's mother ( barely a whisper ) faith , edgar. faith ... do not will like a little flower . be strong . int . SMALL airplane to new orlean - day the hum of the engine in mid air , Edgar , clyde , and 12 agent have charter a plane . Edgar be manic . young hoover the arrest be mine to make , understand ? you will strictly follow agent toulson 's order . ( kissing up ) ( more ) 69 . young hoover ( cont 'd ) agent toulson be the finest agent in the Bureau today . his worth be second to none . in all of you career , you can only dream of become half the agent he be now . listen to he every word . the Agents nod out of duty . toulson be uncomfortable . ext . good looking apartment house / new orlean STREET - day the place be surround . Agents be poise on rooftop , stairway , and in car all watch the apartment 's door . we focus on : Edgar behind a car across the street , he gun at he side . clyde be a few car up with he own . out come a well dressed woman . she step down to the curb , light a cigarette and look around . the officer make themselves invisible , they finger on they car key and gun , ready for a signal . Edgar peak up over he car as two man walk out of the building behind she , fred hunter and alvin karpis . Edgar eye karpis and toy with he trigger . as the trio start toward a car , the street fill with traffic and pedestrian . the woman get in the car first . the agent wait for Edgar to make a move , but he 's focus on a man on a old white horse saunter into the lane beside the through traffic . clip - clop , clip-clop , slowly clip-clopping past . Fred be now in the driver seat , and karpis be about to get in . finally , the horse move past Edgar 's line of vision . reveal : all three be in the car . Edgar throw a signal and all at once , the agent descend with saw off shotgun : off roof , down stairwell , they car rush in to block the street . Edgar rush across the street from he hide place , he heart pound , clyde a step behind . karpis shut he door . a agent bust the driver 's window with he shotgun , and point it at the driver 's head . Edgar arrive , fling open the back door , and aim he gun at karpis 's head . on the seat beside he be a rifle . young hoover put the handcuffs on he . a agent pull off he necktie , and tie karpis 's hand . young hoover ( cont 'd ) Mr. karpis . you be under arrest . 70 . ext . san francisco / montage - day a fast cut bust by '' G - man '' with gun of gangster William mahan in bed in the middle of the night . Edgar be there to make the arrest . int . apartment build / first floor - day Edgar lead clyde and a team of Agents into a apartment building . he hand a Thompson machine gun to clyde . young hoover blow it down . clyde hesitates , then pull the trigger turn the door into swiss cheese . bullet start fly back at they from behind the door . Edgar and the Agents duck for cover . Edgar 's Agents tear gas into the room . int . apartment build / janitor 's closet - moment later someone be fire from inside a closet . Agents stand on either side wait for it to subside . when it do , they rip the door open revealing harry burnette . he fire once more , but he 's out of bullet . Edgar step into frame . young hoover Mr. burnette , you be under arrest . int . hoover's outer office -— day Edgar with a gaggle of reporter . they be eat it up : young hoover karpis say he have never be take alive , but we take he without fire a shot . he shook all over -- he voice , he hand and he knee . reporter and you arrest Harry Campbell in Toledo and burnett in Manhattan as well , Mr. Hoover ? young hoover ( false modesty ) and William mahan in California , but it be a we job , not a I job . 71 . int . hoover 's inner office - day clyde walk in hold a cereal box . Edgar take it and dig through it like a kid look for the toy -- but without any of the joy . Edgar pull out a toy badge . it say '' purvis . '' reveal : the front of the box have a image of agent melvin purvis with : '' the FBI agent who caught dilinger ! '' young hoover write the cereal maker . let they know they must print any further box to read : '' former - agent '' of the FBI . ( with a grin ) sit . I have something to show you . he pull a letter from he desk , stifles a giggle , and read : young hoover ( cont ’d ) '' only eight more day , funny how even the dearest face will fade away in time . most clearly I remember you eye with a kind of teasing smile in they , and the feel of that soft spot just north - east of the corner of you mouth against my lip . '' Edgar almost collapse with laughter . young toulson what be it ? young hoover it 's from lorena hickock , the White House reporter with the bad breath ... to Mrs. Roosevelt ! young toulson what be you go to do with it ? young hoover nothing . I accuse she of have a affair with a man , but Old horse face be have a affair with bat breath ! a woman ! I be wrong ! helen gandy stick she head in . Edgar clear the tear from he eye . he can not stop laugh . 72 . helen gandy Mr. Hoover , they have like to see you in the labratory . young hoover I ’1ll be right there , miss gandy . ( she go ) clyde , the race begin in Del Mar next week . I be think of take a quick vacation . I think perhaps you have like to join I . young toulson ( smile , consider ) I have never be to a horse race . young hoover it 's wonderful . and between you and I , when I lose my bet , the track cover the loss . young toulson and when you win ? young hoover they pay ! young toulson so where 's the thrill ? young hoover in the sun that come down in the stand . the hotel room . the service . the dinner . the company . come with I . young toulson I would love to . young hoover I will have miss gandy make all the arrangement . it will be perfect ! young toulson Edgar ... I be afraid I can not now . but perhaps in a few month ... if I start save . young hoover no . it 's cover . completely . young toulson I really could not do that . 73. young hoover you have do so much for I . for the Bureau . consider it a thank you . ( clyde be not convinced ) I 'il get a suite with adjoin room instead of separate room . that will be savings enough . young toulson it 's a deal . ( smile warmly ) you should go . they be wait for you in the crime lab ... Mr. Hoover . int . the new FBI crime labratory - moment later clearly Edgar get what he want : the basement of the FBI have be turn into a massive new crime lab . row and row of file hold finger print . row and row of scientific instrument and lab technician fill the hall . Edgar walk the long hall , finally arrive at a examination table . Wood specialist , koehler ( earlier ) , have disassembled the lindbergh ladder , each rail and rung numbered . as he explain he finding , we see Edgar 's light string connect the evidence . this two be peas in a pod . arthur koehler there be several kind of wood here . pine. birch . fir. and if you look closely , you will see that each have its own internal marking , ring and knot , and its own external marking , as in here , from the machinery that mill the raw timber . and this , that mark the tool use to build the ladder . young hoover ( be : a long piece of wood ) this one be very different . arthur koehler yes. number 16 . it be a rail . and look at this four nail hole . they be not use in the construction of the ladder . young hoover it be use for something else before the ladder be build . 74 . arthur koehler yes . and it 's low grade sapwood with no sign of weather , so it be inside , not out . and the pine show no sign of previous use . that tell we this ladder be build for this job . nothing else . young hoover how do this help we identify the kidnapper ? arthur koehler I need more money , sir . young hoover for ? arthur koehler postage . I need to write to every mill on the East coast to see if they blade match this mark . Edgar consider . be this guy for real , or really nut ? he look at the wood again , and all the connection light up . young hoover I want a report on each mill . and a map to track all lead . by the time I be in New York , I want something to report , Mr. koehler . int . '' g-men '' movie premiere - night up on the screen be the movie '' G - Men . '' lighting quick James '' Brick '' Davis ( jame cagney ) jump through a window . jame cagney ( in the film ) hold you fire ! the machine gun go silent . he grab the gun from the suspect 's hand and hip toss he over a table to the floor . cagney now play the '' g-man '' as the hero instead of '' public enemy number one . '' the G-man have officially replace the criminal as protagonist . the audience eat it up . reveal : Edgar next to clyde watch with pride . ext . '' g-men '' theater / red carpet - night on the red carpet afterward with clyde and he mom , Edgar be the STAR . the press go mad when a little girl with curl Marches up and Edgar bend down to she . 75 . shirley temple Mr. Hoover . I be wonder if you would join my police force . young hoover why yes . if you agree to be a honorary g-woman , miss Temple ... and give I one little kiss . shirley temple I do not know if you wife would approve , Mr. Hoover . the press laugh . so do Edgar . he shoot back : young hoover but miss Temple , you see , I still live with my mother . the press eat it up . it 's everything Edgar ever dream of for himself and he Bureau . int . limousine - moment later Edgar get in back with clyde . his mother get in the front . young toulson be we go to the club ? young hoover ( a finger to he lip ) after we drop mother at the hotel . clyde smile . as the car pull away , Edgar move he hand on top of clyde 's like it 's the most natural thing in the world . int . the stork club / NYC - night Edgar and clyde be escort in by the club owner . stork club owner I have you at a table with anita colby . lela Rogers and she daughter , Ginger , have ask if they can join . young hoover as long as it 's near the front . and he lead they through the oogl crowd in this , the most exclusive night club in the city . it 's immaculate . the live music and decor make the great Depression feel like fiction . 76 . int . the stork club / edgar 's table up front - later Edgar hold court with a handful of actress and singer , amongst they : lela Rogers and she daughter . he go on at a mile a minute , the woman reacting with giggle and awe . young hoover the bullet enter the back of he head and exite through the front near he cheek . the thing people do not realize be that there be very little blood . the heat of the bullet seal the wound as it enter . so the scene be far more peaceful than you depict in you move picture . reveal : clyde be at a remove , literally push away by the woman to listen from afar and deal with the waiter . lela rogers and little lindy ? do you see the child with you own eye ? young hoover that be not detail I can share with a group of refine woman . I could not stand to make a single one of you shed a tear . but I assure you , we be on the case . model -- anita colby I see the lindberghs in Paris . I hardly recognize they . young hoover only justice can bring reason back to they life ... but I might share one confidential clue with you . if you will swear secrecy . he hold out he pinky . they giggle , hold out theirs and make a four way pinky pact . more laughter . lela do not let go of he pinky . she 's fall for he . he get quiet : young hoover ( cont 'd ) the first gold note from the ransom money have surface . and can you guess where ? model -- anita colby tell we ... please , Mr. hoover. 77 . young hoover in the bronx . on three occasion . and each of the shop owner who turn they in claim they receive they from a man with a point chin ... and a german accent . anita gasp and cozy up to Edgar . lela clock it . she want he to herself . clyde watch it all play out from afar . anita colby ( flirt ) take my word for it , Mr. Hoover , all the admiration in the world can not fill the spot where love go ... or keep you bed warm . clyde tune in . Edgar try not to notice . young hoover I serve my country , miss colby . a nation 's admiration be more than enough for I . anita colby but it likely make for a cold bed . the band strike up '' red sail in the sunset . '' lela see it as a opportunity to pull '' she Edgar '' away . lela rogers Mr. Hoover . would it be out of the question to bother you for a dance ? young hoover ( suddenly panicked ) how do you mean ? lela rogers well ... simply a dance . you do dance , do not you ? young hoover ( turn red ) it 's a skill I have not master , and the night be get long . lela rogers then no time like the present . this be my favorite song . 78 . young hoover ( turn purple ) Mr. toulson , I think it 's t-t- time for we to go . we have a good deal of work t-t-tomorrow . I be afraid I just do not have t--t -- time to dance . my sincere apology . N -- now Mr. toulson . this minute . and Edgar finally wiggle he way out of the table , clearly run away from the woman . clyde follow . lela and Ginger can not contain they laughter . Edgar catch a glimpse of it on he way out . he 's humiliate . int . waldorf astoria HOTEL / mother' bedroom - night on he mother 's bed be a now giant album of Edgar 's press clipping with a new shot of Edgar from the premiere 's press book . Edgar be cry and stutter at she beside . young hoover I --i -- I d--d-- d - do not like to d-d -- d--d - dance , a-a -- edgar 's mother Edgar , go look in the mirror and talk the way the doctor teach you to . be my little speedie . he stand up , look in the mirror , straighten he posture , and start talk in he fast , '' speedie '' way , the way the world know he -- it 's he stutter cure . young hoover yes , mother , I can spit my word out with precision , diction and clarity . I do not like to dance . I do not like to dance with anyone , but mostly I do not like to dance with woman , mother . it 's about time you know . I find it humiliate and I refuse to be publicly humiliate . edgar 's mother Edgar . stop. ( he do ) do you remember Barton pincus ? young hoover ( speedy in the mirror ) his father be the watchmaker . he ( more ) 79 . young hoover ( cont 'd ) be 10 year young than I , and you call he '' Birdie '' or '' daffy . '' edgar 's mother do you remember what happen to '' daffy '' after the school custodian discover he in the hoop skirt and the flower bonnet ? young hoover he be make to stand outside we school wear the skirt and bonnet as punishment . edgar 's mother and do you ever wonder why we call he daffy ? young hoover for he odd behavior . edgar 's mother it be short for daffodil , Edgar . and do you remember what happen to little daffodile pincus ? young hoover yes ... he shot himself six week after he stand outside school in that skirt . edgar 's mother that 's right . and I thank God every day that my own son do not suffer from he condition . Edgar . I would rather have a dead son than a daffodil for a son . she close Edgar 's album and will herself out of bed . edgar 's mother ( cont 'd ) now I 'il to teach you how to dance . young hoover yes mother . Edgar can not even face she . he can only look at she through the mirror . it 's a heartbreaking moment . int . hoover 's outer office - day light , camera , Edgar be filming a new televise speech . 80 . young hoover it be imperative that we preserve and protect the moral of the american family . if the home be imperil , if the home be destroy , everything in we civilization crash to its doom . clyde watch from afar , surprised / concerned by Edgar 's newfound passion for '' traditional morality . '' ext . national lumber and millwork company - day Arthur koehler ( wood expert ) walk through the front gate of the millwork company -- in the bronx . int . national lumber and millwork company / mill - later Arthur compare sample of National lumber 's wood to the cut on he evidence wood -- it 's a exact match . arthur koehler when do you get this shipment ? man at the counter a long while back . November ? 1931 . arthur koehler be you sure of that ? man at the counter it be either November or December . arthur koehler Three month before the kidnap . the camera drift outside and down the block to -- the distinctive cemetary gate where the ransom be deliver . int . FBI office - that day Edgar , clyde , Arthur and a army of other well dressed agent gather around a giant map of the northeast . agent one if the lumber yard be a cash business , then there be not any receipt or name . arthur koehler it tell we where he be shopping before anyone be look for he . 81 . young hoover read I the address where the ransom bill have turn up . agent two 456 west 3rd . ( Edgar put a pin in ) 476 west 3rd . ( another pin go in ) the sound go out , but pin continue to go in . we focus on Edgar watch -- make connection . the pin fan out from a single block , all center around the lumber yard . old hoover ( v.o. ) we know who we be look for . someone who have do business in this neighborhood for year . someone who be still there . int . first federal reserve bank / LIBERTY and nassau - day the model G - man , agent sisk question a bank manager . bank manager yes , sir , I receive , 2,980 dollar worth of this gold certificate . the customer sign he name j.j. faulkner . here be he address . int . bronx apartment - day agent sisk flanke by Federal Agents burst into a apartment in the bronx , gun draw . it 's completely empty . ext . a bronx newpaper stand - day newspaper boy he be average height , blue eye -- ext . a bronx bakery - day baker' wife High cheek bone and a pointy chin . ext . a bronx cashier - night theater cashier yes sir , point chin , and a accent , a accent like -- 82 . ext . a bronx newpaper stand - day newspaper boy like a german accent maybe . ext . a bronx bakery - day the baker a german . with big cheek bone . int . corn exchange bank / the bronx - sept 18 , 1934 - day a teller hold a $ 10 gold certificate : scare teller be I go to get he in some kind of trouble ? agent sisk not if he do not do anything wrong . we be the FBI , son . the good guy . scare teller ( consider , then ) it be deposit by walter lyle . he manage the gas station . up on lexington and 127th . int . gas station / lexington and 127th / the bronx - day agent sisk be with walter lyle , he 's nervous , sweat as he handle the gold note from the bank . walter lyle yes . I remember he . he buy 89 cent worth of gas . FBI agent and pay with this bill ? walter lyle yes , sir . but I do not know he . I have never see he since . FBI agent he be memorable enough that you have remember it if he come in again ? walter lyle yes . he be german , I think . I mean , with a accent . point chin - - 83. FBI agent ( wither ; same old story ) -- and high cheek bone , right ? walter lyle yes . and I guess I look at the bill funny because he assure I he have 100 more just like it . at home . agent sisk ( perk up ) you have a conversation with he ? walter lyle no . that be it . ( sisk wither again ) but I write down he license plate number . that 's the write right here along the edge of the bill . and he hold up the bill to show agent sisk -- bingo ! int . the FBI hallway - day Edgar walk the hall with purpose . energize . young hoover miss gandy , get Mr. toulson . helen emerge from she office and follow . toulson do the same . they be a trio by the time they burst through -- int . FBI office - continuous -- the investigate office door . agent sisk be there , wait at the pin cover map . he need no prompt . agent sisk the New York motor vehicle Bureau 's describe it as a dark blue 1930 dodge sedan . the owner be a carpenter who be bear in Germany , and life at 1279 East 222nd Street ... in the bronx . sisk push a pin into the address . the map light up in Edgar 's head . it all fit . the lumber yard , the cemetary , and the spot the bill be spend . agent sisk ( cont ’d ) his name be Richard bruno hauptmann . 84 . ext . roadside - september 19th 1934 — day a black sedan carry edgar and two officer be park . they watch through binocular as -- a man leave he house , walk around to he lock garage and disappear . the man re-emerges in he car -- a 1930 blue dodge sedan . they tail he as he drive up tremont Avenue . traffic pick up . they lose sight of he for a moment . when he come back into view , they see another policeman have pulled he over . young hoover pull over ! the driver do . Edgar leap out , run to the car , and push the other officer out of the way . young hoover ( cont ’d ) FBI . put you hand up . Edgar jam he gun in the car . the man inside put he hand up , and in a truly innocent way , with a german accent ask : man in car be there a problem ? young hoover get out of the car . he do . the officer put he face first against the car . Edgar pull the man 's id and a $ 20 bill out of he wallet . the bill have a gold marker on it . Edgar quickly check its serial number use he master list . it 's a match . young hoover ( cont 'd ) Mr. bruno hauptmann , you be under arrest for the kidnap and murder of Charles lindbergh junior . and he 's cuffed . ext . new jersey jail —- day flash ! flash ! the Press snap photo of hauptmann be escort in . Edgar be front and center . Colonel schwartzkopf ( lindbergh 's home earlier ) be push off to the side . the freeze frame of this still cross the cut to : 85 . int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 Old Hoover be examine the same still as agent garrison 's key strike the paper , the page be stack up . a new cover page read , '' untitled FBI story . '' old hoover we need a title , agent garrison . garrison just keep type . the phone ring . Hoover pick up . old hoover ( cont ’d ) we be work , miss gandy . old helen gandy ( v.o. ) the tape come in . old hoover ( perk up ) put it in my private office . int . hoover 's inner office - day Hoover loop up a reel to reel audio tape . he treat it like a blow egg . precious , fragile . he hit play . at first the sound be hard to make out . a door close , fabric moving , chit chat , drinking . the word be hard to distinguish , but it sound like a few black men and two black woman . Hoover lean in , titillate . int . willard HOTEL ( flashback ) - night we focus on : the microphone under the bed . we see foot and shadow , but mostly it 's just sound . ( as Hoover hit fast forward , the film zoom forward and the shadow move faster , return to normal when he hit play ) fast forward : talk . fast forward : kiss . fast forward / stop / play : it 's audio roulette . he hit the jackpot : the sound of the black men having sex with the two black women . int . hoover's inner office - moment later Hoover be listen , he forehead be misty , he may even be masturbate , it 's tough to tell . the phone ring . he ignore it . it ring again . he ignore it , try to keep he focus . it will not stop ringing . he fly into a rage , and pick up the phone -- without hit stop on the tape player . 86 . old hoover I tell you I be not to be disturb . int . helen gandy 's office - same time Old helen can hear the sex recording through the phone . helen gandy Mr. Hoover . it 's urgent . I have agent shakin on from Dallas . -- int . hoover 's outer office - moment later gordon shanklin ( v.o. ) my apology Mr. Hoover , I tell miss gandy to put I right through . old hoover what be it , agent , shankin ? gordon shanklin ( v.o. ) Sir , the President have be shot . ( Edgar be stunne ) he be just declare dead , sir . old hoover who know about this ? gordon shanklin ( v.o. ) no one , sir . I think you should know before the press report it . old hoover thank you , agent shankin . he hang up . even steely Hoover have to process the magnitude of this moment . he walk into he outer office , consider he next move . he focus in on he now complete replica of ROBERT kennedy fireplace . he pick up he phone and dial . old hoover ( cont ’d ) get I Robert Kennedy ... I do not care where in McLean he be . put I through immediately . int . home in mclean , virginia - moment later / intercut Robert Kennedy walk up to he phone , relaxed , unaware . ROBERT f. kennedy Mr. Hoover ? 87. old hoover Mr. Kennedy , the President have be shot . Hoover hang up . he eye the red buzzer on he desk . he unscrew the bulb and the light go out . ext . pimlico racetrack / baltimore - day the flag be all at half staff for Kennedy . Hoover do not seem to notice . he 's get he eye on the 6th race of the day . toulson be by he side . both be use binocular , both stand as the horse round the end head toward the home stretch -- match CUT to : ext . del mar racetrack / california - day - 1935 the horse round the corner 30 year earlier in Del Mar . reveal : Edgar and clyde , dress to the nine , watch a similar race . they have clearly make it to they vacation . they horse win ! it 's pure joy . this two be be treat like royalty , surround by desi arnaz , bing crosby , jimmy durante , lucille ball , and a few mobster type . int . upscale HOTEL suite / bathroom - night clyde change into a robe and check he hair . it take very little for he to be handsome . he 's far more interested in he race stub , he treasure . he place they carefully ina zippere pouch of he dop kit . int . upscale HOTEL suite / bathroom - same time Edgar be in he own bathroom change into a silk robe . he check he hair , find a grey and pluck it out . he slick the rest back . he brushes he tooth with precision and spit . he walk out of he bathroom , through he bedroom , and into the central live room just as -- int . upscale HOTEL suite / livingroom - continuous -- clyde enter from he own suite . without word , clyde pour two cocktail . Edgar find a radio station . Edgar turn and watch clyde from behind , finish they drink . it all feel very romantic . young toulson do you see he shoe ? 88 . young hoover desi arnaz ? the leather one with the horrible buckle across the top ? no do not notice they one bit . young toulson you have think with all of they money they have have better fashion sense , or pay someone to have it for they . young hoover and he fau-ginger wife , when she walk in , I be afraid a hunter might pull a rifle on that hat . Edgar imitate how it must have bounce each time she take a step . clyde be charme . he sit . Edgar do the same . clyde put he hand on Edgar 's . Edgar continue laugh for a bit - - without take he hand away . young hoover ( cont ’d ) I care so very much for you , clyde . young toulson ( get up the nerve , then ) I love you , Edgar . Edgar will not look at clyde -- who be look right at he . young toulson ( cont ’d ) be you okay ? young hoover yes . out of nerve or preparation , in the slight of gesture , clyde wet he lip . young hoover ( cont 'd ) c- can I ask you s-someth ? young toulson anything . Edgar remove he hand to reach for a drink he do not need . young hoover what do you think of dorothy lamour ? the actress . young toulson with rudy vallee at the stork Club ? 89 . young hoover that 's the one . young toulson she 's a bit too camp for I . young hoover well , I be think ... of t-t-taking she up on a proposal . young toulson for dinner ? young hoover no . we have already have dinner . young toulson when ? young hoover on the weekend . when I have go up to New York . young toulson ( that feel like cheating ) I see . young hoover what I be ask be ... I think it may be time for a Mrs. Hoover . ( clyde can not even speak ) you do not like she ? young toulson do not make a fool of I . young hoover I be not . young toulson ( the big , scary question ) have you become ... physical ? young hoover yes . we have . ( toulson quietly fume ) you have rather I be half a person , clyde ? remain incomplete ? toulson throw he drink against a wall . Edgar shriek . young toulson be I a incompletion ? 90 . young hoover pick that glass up . young toulson no . I will not . I have no reason to . Fire I . now . go on . young hoover you be make a fool of yourself . and clyde clear two more glass on the bar onto the floor . there be glass everywhere . Edgar be speechless . young hoover ( cont ’d ) clyde , and you have no shoe on . stop this ! clyde get up in Edgar 's face . it look like he might fight he physically . young toulson you will never tell I what to do again . you just lose that right . I see through you . you be a scared , heartless , horrible , little man . Edgar throw a punch . it land . toulson throw one of he own . it 's a brutal fight . year of pent up attraction . they crash to the floor . clyde pin Edgar . he consider pound he face in . instead , he kiss Edgar full on the lip . they hold for a moment . Edgar hardly resist . finally , clyde pull away . young hoover ( not meaning it ) do not ever do that again . young toulson I will not . clyde check himself for cut and start out of the room . he 's almost to he bedroom when Edgar stop he . young hoover do not leave I , clyde ... please . we have a second day of race . ( hard word to form ) I be begging you . young toulson ( a long beat , then ) if you ever mention a lady friend ( more ) 91 . young toulson ( cont 'd ) again , that will be the last day you share my company . clyde go . Edgar touch he lip , recalling clyde 's against he . a sensation he may never feel again . he calm he shaking , get up , and start collect glass off the floor . the sound of a gunshot -- cross the cut to : ext . pimlico racetrack / baltimore - day - 1964 pick up where the race leave off before the flashback - flag still at half staff : -- as the horse round the corner to the finish , Old toulson feel a numbness in he right shoulder . he blink he eye , he 's see flash . he shift as if trip , as if the ground just move , and he sit . Hoover rush to he side . so do other around they . old hoover what be it , clyde ? ( clyde can not answer ) get a doctor ! int . DC hospital exam room - day flanke by two agent and miss gandy , Hoover look quite ill . doctor he should be able to recover most of he function , but a stroke like this will limit the hour he can work . the information he can process . for a while at least ... be you okay , Mr. Hoover ? old hoover I play in the yard with my dog on Saturday . perhaps it 's dehydration . doctor that could do it . but it may be wise to reduce you work hour as well . at you age it 's important to take leave . old hoover can I have some privacy please ? the other Agents go . Hoover steam . 92. old hoover ( cont ’d ) if you ever denigrate I in front of my staff again , I will have you railroad out of you profession . doctor ( truly afraid ) I apologize , sir . old hoover what do you have for energy ? doctor we have diet medication that tend to give a boost . old hoover so I could lose a few pound and have more energy ? doctor you do not need to worry about you weight sir , it 's solid weight . it 's ass kissing , but Hoover appreciate it . old hoover we will schedule a daily visit . int . hoover 's adulthood home / breakfast table - day Hoover and toulson sit across from each other . Hoover tap a hard boil egg with a spoon and expertly peel it . toulson struggle to grip he spoon . his entire right side be immobilize . his face droops . Hoover let he struggle . old hoover they be give he the Nobel Prize . ( toulson nod . ) the degenerate and radical be be lift up internationally . it 's like 1920 all over again . old toulson do not ... old hoover when he find out we have this tape , that we know the truth about he character , he will decline the award . 93. old toulson Johnson ... wait . he ignore toulson 's plea , focus instead on toulson 's egg struggle . he get up , lean in close and peel it for he . old hoover I can not understand you , clyde . you have to work harder to enunciate . ( toulson look concerned ) we have no legal recourse . Law enforcement have not keep pace with the improve tactic of today 's criminal . old toulson what 's the ... idea . old hoover we have friend in the press . we plant storey with they to insure the activity of suspect radical leader see the light of day . old toulson they 'il trace it . old hoover only if they be true . it 's counter intelligence , clyde . the more untrue the story , the more dramatic the impact . I be go to deliver the hotel recording the day before the Nobel Prize with a personal letter . if he still accept it . I will deliver the tape to the press . old toulson the tape may ... not be legal . old hoover that 's why the letter will not be from I . it will be a fictitious letter from one of he own . old toulson there would be ... no room for error . I be not certain we could ... insure that . Hoover do not like the prudent advice or he '' special friend 's '' flagrant display of mortality . 94 , old hoover I can not understand you , clyde . Hoover hit he own yolk . it 's hard . he toss it down to he dog who 's be wait expectantly . old hoover ( cont ’d ) I need you back at the office tomorrow . it 's no time to relent . old toulson I can not . it 's not the answer Hoover want . int . hoover 's inner office - day the doctor fill a syringe with amphetamine , lean in to Hoover 's arm , and slide the needle gently in . close on : Old Hoover 's eye dilate . he 's juice . int . hoover 's outer office - day Edgar be sit at the typewriter himself now . write . we hear the word . it 's manic , emotional , a drug induce tirade . old hoover ( v.o . ) look into you heart . you know you be a complete fraud and a great liability to all of we negroes . ( this be a fraudulent letter ) White people in this country have enough fraud of they own but I be sure they do not have one at this time that be anywhere near you equal . I repeat ... ( return key , return key ) I repeat ... you be a colossal fraud and a evil , vicious one at that . you could not believe in God ... clearly you do not believe in any personal moral principle . ( be this all self- reflection ? ) you have turn out to be not a leader , but a dissolute , abnormal moral imbecile . ( he reflect , then ) there be only one thing leave for you to do . you know what it be ... there be but one way out for you . you better take it before you ( more ) 95 . old hoover ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) filthy , abnormal fraudulent self be bare to the nation . the letter be a bloody , inky tirade . he seal it in a envelope . it say as much about Hoover 's own state as it do about the mysterious recipient . int . hoover 's outer office - day Hoover be with a new writer , agent jone . he almost look black -- mix race perhaps . Hoover be try to process it . agent jone miss gandy tell I you stop with bruno hauptman 's arrest . should we start there ? old hoover yes ... check for he address in earlier draft ... int . bruno hauptman home - day - 1934 hauptmann be handcuff , stand in the middle of the room . his wife walk in . Edgar 's focus shift from a pricey stromberg -carlson radio to she expensive shoe . officer keep she from embrace she husband . she start to cry . hauptmann try to comfort she -- in german : bruno hauptman es ist nicht . es ist uber meine gliicksspiel . young hoover what do he say ? officer one that this be about he gambling . bruno hauptman May I sit ? he know he 's be catch in a lie . he sit by the window . young hoover where 's the rest of he money ? bruno hauptman I do not know what you mean . or who he be . young hoover you do not know who Charles lindbergh be ? 96 . bruno hauptman except maybe from the papers , no . young hoover this be not the kind of money a carpenter make , Mr. hauptmann . bruno hauptman I make Wall Street investment . Agents in the adjoin room start rip open hauptman 's mattress , but hauptmann pay it no attention . he simply gaze out the window . Edgar take note . he walk to the window , peer out , and see the small , crude , garage fifty foot away . int . bruno hauptman 's garage - later Agents tear up the floorboard in the garage . they find fresh dirt , grab a shovel , and dig into it and quickly find a jar bury in a hole , but it be only fill with water . int . bruno hauptman home - moment later Edgar stand in front of hauptmann hold the empty jar . young hoover where be the ransom money , bruno ? do you spend it all on you old lady 's shoe collection ? his wife Anna 's shoe be in a pile in the middle of the floor . she 's have a nervous breakdown . Agents start carting out stack of hauptman 's papers , fill with he handwrite . bruno hauptman where be you take my thing ? young hoover to the FBI , Mr. hauptmann . do that worry you ? bruno hauptman you hunt the wrong man because I have accent , because you do not trust immigrant . you be a bigot . int . bruno hauptman home - night - 1935 agent cuff hauptman to a chair . a nypd officer have a hammer . the light go out . we hear punch , blow and scream . 97 . int . FBI labratory - day the mass of hauptman 's papers and journal have arrive . Albert osborne ( the handwrite expert from earlier ) be there to receive they . int . a neo - colonial build / limbo - day Albert osborne be isolate on a riser with 11x14 photostat blow up of letter and word from hauptman 's writings . albert S. osborne in both the ransom note and Mr. hauptmann 's personal writings , he write , '' haus '' for house , '' anyde '' for anything , '' gut '' for good , '' and '' boad '' for boat , and notice the invert capital '' N 's and '' y 's that look like '' j " 's int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 with the mix race agent . agent jone but could not that sort of germanic formation come from any number of immigrant ? be not that common translation mistake ? old hoover you be right , agent Jones . alone it would not have be enough . so when my agent arrive to replace the local police , we searched again . int . bruno hauptman 's garage - day - 1934 FBI agent be literally dismantle the garage . edgar be stand watch . the NYC Police simply observe . Edgar be focus on a piece of wood he find odd . it 's above the work - bench -- a board nail across two joist . young hoover what purpose would a piece of wood like this serve ? reveal : wood expert koehler be now there too . arthur koehler it do not appear structural . 98 . jump to : agent carefully pull the board off the joist , wait to see if anything give structurally . it do not . behind it they find two newspaper packet . Edgar open one carefully . Inside be one hundre ten -dollar gold note . young hoover remove all the joist . jump to : another agent find a hide shelf . in it be a one gallon shellac can . he pull out the rag stuff on top . Inside be $ 11,930 worth of ransom money . at the same time : Arthur koehler find hauptman 's tool chest . he open it . it 's neat and organize . all of the tool be in place , except : the standard 3 /4 inch chisel . he pull hauptman 's see from the chest and examine it . int . a neo - colonial build / limbo - day the same space the handwrite expert appear in earlier -- now Arthur koehler be explain he own finding . arthur koehler you see , no two saw make the same marking . this see from bruno hauptmann 's tool chest make marking identical to that find on the ladder use in the crime . I searched 1900 -- ( hold up a piece of wood ) -- factory across the country to see which blade make the other cut on the ladder . I narrow it down to one . centralia lumber yard . four block from Mr. hauptman 's home . close on : Edgar listen from a bench , seemingly alone , giddy with this man 's scientific exactitude . int . bruno hauptman 's attic - night Edgar be with agent sisk and Arthur koehler as they approach a attic corner and see -- a eight foot board be miss . koehler unwrap a long bag label -- '' Rail 16 . '' it 's the original rail he point out to Edgar in the lab so long ago . arthur koehler ( v.o. ) Rail 16 . it do not match the rest . and that extra hole . why be they there ? 99 . he lay the wood next to the empty spot in the floor . it 's a perfect match . the four extra hole match perfectly with the nail hole in the floor joist . int . a neo - colonial build - day Arthur be still in the white space . arthur koehler the science be conclusive . Mr. hauptmann build the ladder . int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 the young , mix race FBI agent stop type . agent jone but do he do it alone ? old hoover ( displease with the question ) he never confess , but what sociopath ever do . the evidence be clear . he be indicted for murder in the first degree while perpetrate a burglary . in New Jersey , that be punishable by death . ext . court house / court and MAIN STREET / fleming , NJ - day the two story , neo-colonial building stand strong with four column out front . snow have turn the street white . hundred of telegraph and teletype wire run out a upper window onto a overwhelm utility pole . from there , the wire fan out , carry they message to the entire world . the street be fill with car , reporter , and eager citizen . a man sell miniature replica of the kidnapper 's ladder on green ribbon necklace . another man hock packet of curly blonde hair ( that look a lot like he own ) for five buck a pop claim it 's '' baby lindy 's . '' in a makeshift radio studio in the back of a truck , a announcer report : radio announcer January 2nd , 1935 , a cold winter morning in Fleming New Jersey , and what have now undoubtedly be pen '' the Trial of the century '' have begin . h.l. mencken have call it , '' the biggest story since the ( more ) 100 . radio announcer ( cont 'd ) resurrection . '' and from the look of thing , it may be bigger . int . court room - day reveal : this be the space the expert agent have be testify from . as in the earlier sequence , Edgar be there , listen intently from he bench , dress to the nine . but now we reveal : he 's not alone . the courtroom be pack with reporter and onlooker . from they dress and entourage , it 's clear many be rich and / or famous . the prosecutor , wilentz , call he next witness : wilentz you honor , I would like to call to the stand Mr. Charles lindbergh . in a gray suit and shirt with a tie , Charles lindbergh walk slowly and confidently up to the stand and take the seat next to the judge . the room be hushed . lindbergh look through the crowd , to the defense stand , stop on Anna hauptmann . he remain calm , unreadable . wilentz ( cont ’d ) pick up where you leave off . you say you hear a voice , in the cemetary that night . charle lindbergh yes . very clearly . a voice come from the cemetary , to the best of my belief , call Dr. condon . in a foreign accent , '' hey , Doctor . '' wilentz and since that time , have you hear the same voice ? charle lindbergh yes , I have . wilentz and whose voice be it , Colonel , that you hear in the vicinity of St. Raymond 's Cemetery that night , say , '' hey Doctor ? '' and for the first time , lindbergh turn he gaze from wilentz - -- to bruno hauptmann . emotionless , strong : charle lindbergh that be hauptman 's voice . 101 . hauptmann lock eye with lindbergh . they hold they gaze for a moment . the air go out of the room . lindbergh look back to wilentz and a gasp run through the room . int . court room - later court clerk Mr. bruno hauptmann , take the stand . we see a reporter who 's snuck a tiny film camera in under he coat . he furtively aim it at the witness stand . int . hoover 's outer office - day - 1964 agent Jones watch Hoover pull the shade . the room go dark . Hoover fire up a film projector ... it 's b&w footage of hauptmann from the trial itself . hauptmann be on the stand be question . he 's combative , arrogant , and easily bother : wilentz you have have a opportunity in this court today to tell the whole truth . have you tell the truth ? bruno hauptmann I tell the truth already . wilentz and the statement you make to District Attorney foley , do you tell he the whole truth ? bruno hauptmann to a certain extent wilentz and to a certain extent you do not tell he the truth , be that it ? silence from hauptmann . a splice in the old film : wilentz ( cont 'd ) this board that come from you closet , S - 204 , have this number here . it be a little blurred now , be not it ? 102 . bruno hauptman look like it . wilentz it look like 2974 , and the number down here , 3-7154 , be that right ? bruno hauptman yes . wilentz and between that number be some word , it look like " decatur " and " sedgwick " , you see that ? you know what that mean do not you , that address on there ? bruno hauptman not exactly . wilentz it be Dr. condon 's address and telephone number . the man who pay the ransom . written in you write on a board in you closet . a splice in the old film : wilentz ( cont 'd ) and when you see this piece of wood you say , " that 's my lumber . " be not that so - in the bronx . bruno hauptman I say , " yes , " without think . wilentz you do not usually do thing without think . you have a very good mind , have not you ? bruno hauptman I do not think so , not so good . wilentz oh , you really do think so , do not you ? wilentz have just call he a liar and manipulator . hauptman 's silence speak volume . the projector wind out . 103 . int . hoover 's inner office - day - 1964 Hoover take a fist full of pill . and get more shot -- we see -- archival footage of : Martin luther King 's march on Washington and he famous , '' I have a dream , '' speech -- as if it 's go on right outside -- it likely be . int . hoover 's outer office - day the curtain be still draw . the room be still dark . Hoover be high on amphetamine again . agent Jones be pack up . old hoover a man 's legacy be determine by where the story end . let consider that tonight and make a decision tomorrow . agent jone be this about a man 's legacy or about a institution 's reputation ? old hoover the two be connect agent Jones . one invent the other . and vice - versa agent jone yes , sir . agent Jones go . int . hoover 's adulthood home / live room - night Hoover sit watch the nightly news with toulson . toulson be do better . walk around . old toulson there 's a new restaurant in the hotel in Miami . we could go . I could make the arrangement . old hoover would you please sit down . old toulson I be feel better . if you have like , I could return home . old hoover stay and watch with I . ( toulson sit ) ( more ) 104 . old hoover ( cont 'd ) he receive my letter with the audio tape last night . ( toulson be quiet ) say it clyde . old toulson it 's so risky . over a few negative news article , Edgar ? old hoover he 's deliberately allow himself to be surround by Communists . with the power he 's gather he 's now the great domestic threat -- Edgar turn up the volume . he focus in on : a chiron . '' sweden - nobel peace prize '' old hoover ( cont ’d ) he 'il decline the award . he know what we have could ruin he . there be no question . he 's do , clyde . Hoover stop breathe . he can not hear the reporter . he 's now focus on the grainy b&w image of martin luther king be hand the Nobel peace Prize . and then he word : martin luther king ( on tv ) I accept the Nobel Prize for peace at a moment when 22 million negroes of the United States of America be engage in a creative battle to end the long night of racial injustice . ( a jump cut ) -- all the people of the world will have to discover a way to live together in peace ... man must evolve a method which reject revenge , aggression and retaliation . ( a jump cut ) I believe that unarm truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality . this be why right temporarily defeat be stronger than evil triumphant . I believe that what self - center man have tear down , man other - center can build up . it 's now clear that the man Hoover 's be after this whole time be King . it 's also clear Hoover 's lose this round . he shut off the tv . shame . 105 . ext . court house / fleming , NJ - morning - 1935 a bell toll atop the old courthouse . a crowd outside chant : crowd kill hauptmann ! kill hauptmann ! int . court room - same time they chant can be hear as hauptmann be ushere in wear m manacle by a state trooper and five policemen . he sit . Edgar watch the juror enter . none look at Mr. hauptmann . judge would the jury and the defendant rise . ( they do ) Mr. Foreman , what say you ? do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty ? jury foreman we the jury find the defendant , Richard bruno hauptmann guilty of murder in the first degree . messenger boy head for the door . Guards block they . Edgar hold he breath . wilentz you honor , I move for immediate sentencing . Edgar watch hauptmann intently . the judge do the same . judge trenchard accord to the law of this state , I rule that Mr. bruno hauptmann suffer death at the time and place , and in the manner provide by law . Edgar watch hauptmann go white as a ghost . hauptman 's wife watch the floor , refuse to look at she husband . her tear fall to the ground . ext . court house / fleming , NJ - moment later a young boy lean out the 2nd story window of the courthouse . young boy it 's death for bruno hauptmann ! and the crow roar . it 's a lynching mob . 106 . int . hoover 's childhood home - night Edgar sit on the corner of he mom 's bed cut out he own PRESS clipping announce the trial 's conclusion . he pastes one in a album . angle on : he mother . she 's so ill she can not sit up in bed . he now must clip the article himself . int . hoover 's inner office - day - 1964 Hoover be with agent Jones again . old hoover the trial of the century . the criminal shame . the FBI cement as the public hero ... it 's we end . agent jone but do he act alone ? be he the one who actually take the child from the crib ? how can you be sure ? old hoover the mountain of evidence we discover , uncover , clarify and confirm . you can not dispute it . agent jone clarence darrow do . old hoover of course . that 's what he do . agent jone and Mrs. Roosevelt issue a public statement question he guilt . old hoover Mr. Jones . she have plenty to hide herself when it come to un - american activity . agent jone if you be comfortable with it as a end , I will do my best with it . if Hoover be feel better he would fire he , but he 's feel very weak . the phone ring . he pick it up . old helen gandy Ben bradlee of Newsweek be wait in the meeting room , sir . 107 . old hoover the doctor first , miss gandy . old helen gandy he 's in Baltimore , Mr. Hoover . int . hoover 's outer office - day Hoover be in he office with BEN bradlee of newsweek . Hoover hit stop on the recording of King and the woman in the hotel room . he 's fight exhaustion , try to be warm . old hoover if you want it , it 's yours exclusively . BEN bradlee I hear you take it to the Post already . nobody 's interested , be I right ? old hoover the public would be . and they deserve to know the truth . BEN bradlee the public might be curious . but with all due respect , I be not sure it 's of serious interest . old hoover the sclc have direct tie to communism , Mr. bradlee . we be see a pervasive contempt for law and order . the crime rate it soar , there be widespread , open defiance of authority , and mark my word , if this go uncheck , it will once again plunge we Nation into the abyss of anarchy . BEN bradlee I have find no connection between Mr. King and the Communist party . old hoover even great man can be corrupt . communism be not a political party . it be a disease anyone can catch if not careful . and it spread and it corrupt the soul , turn the ( more ) 108 . old hoover ( cont 'd ) gentlest of man into villainous tyrant . BEN bradlee he preach peace . old hoover it always start peacefully . it 's a ruse . Mr. bradlee , when the country be take by surprise , you will not be able to live with yourself know you could have prevent the bombing and violence . BEN bradlee I appreciate you bring this to I , Edgar . i’1l consider it . old hoover ( pleased ) I can tell you be interested , Ben . BEN bradlee yes , I be . but I 'il be candid , Edgar . I be more interested in what this say about you and you FBI . old hoover if you be go to be candid , Ben . be candid . BEN bradlee you know the funny thing about notoriety ? especially the kind that need adoration , fame for fame 's sake ? if uncheck , it inevitably lead to villainy ... infamy . old hoover exactly . and I have work too hard to watch the bad guy capture the spotlight again . BEN bradlee with all due respect , sir , I suggest you look into what this squabble with Mr. King be really about before you destroy the reputation of the thing we both know you love the most . a beat between they . Hoover be stung . stun . 109 . int . trenton state prison / electric chair - morning - 1936 it 's 8:44 on April 3 , 1936 . the execution room be brightly light . hauptmann be ushere in and strapped into the chair . execution supervisor Mr. bruno hauptmann . do you have any final word ? hauptmann remain silent . they slip a mask over he head . a lever be flip , he body jerk , and smoke rise from he head . a beat , then the electricity be shut off . a Doctor approach the body and check the pulse . doctor Mr. bruno hauptmann be dead as of 8:47 , Friday April 3rd , 1936 . int . hoover 's childhood home - night a terrify Edgar sit next to he mother watch she breathe grow shallow , he brother and family around she . his mother take she last breath . a doctor close she eye . Edgar can not process the moment . he 's in shock . int . hoover 's childhood home - later that night Edgar be in shock , lose in the only home he 's ever know . he gather the many album fill with clipping , open the oldest one , then stop heartbroken . he go to she jewelry case -- grab up her pearl , and hold they to he chest . jump to : Edgar slip he mother 's old dress over he head . he 's gain some weight and it almost fit . he pull on he mother 's pearl and fix they just the way she would . inspecting himself in the mirror , Edgar have he first and only complete emotional breakdown of the film . this be the close thing to love he have know . int . hoover 's inner office / late 60's montage - day we 're in hoover 's mind : Quick cut of news event be intercut with Hoover get more amphetamine shot . each time he pupil dilate , we see : King be shot , gunfire from a clock tower , war in Vietnam , injure return Soldiers ... a even older hoover get up from he chair . he seem drugge out of he mind . he walk to the window . outside there be a parade . he step out onto the balcony , the sun in he eye . 110 . he look down just in time to see the presidential motorcade . it 's the inauguration of Richard Nixon . he look out to the mall in the distance . he can see a ocean of anti-war protestor . this be not the country he 's know -- he 's a stranger in he own land . ext . nixon 's office - day Hoover sit outside Nixon 's office . it 's the exact same shot , as when he did the same after roosevelt 's inauguration -- just 40 year later he even hold a file on he lap . this game should be old hat by now -- so why be he sweat ? secretary the President be ready for you , Mr. Hoover . and Hoover walk in , just like he do forty year earlier . int . FBI hallway - day helen walk the now ultra ( 70 's ) modern hallway of the FBI . this place have certainly grow and mature -- even from the 60 's version we first see at the film 's open . the FBI appear to be a well oile technological wonder . ext . hoover 's inner office - day helen walk through the outer office to Hoover 's inner office door . she knock . nothing . she knock again . nothing . she listen . she can hear stilted breathe . she consider for a beat , then do what she never have , she open the door . her boss look up to she from he desk . he 's be sob . old helen gandry I be so sorry , Mr. Hoover , you be not answer you phone ... you have a photo session with a retire agent . he 's leave now . and she start out of the room . old hoover where 's clyde ? old helen gandry it 's a '' bad day '' for he , sir . old hoover can you schedule a dinner for he and I ... we old corner booth ? lll . old helen gandry I be afraid he 's too tired today ... perhaps you could dine at he house . I think he have like that . old hoover helen ? old helen gandry ( surprised at the familiarity ) yes ? old hoover do I kill everything I love ? old helen gandry ( carefully ) he 's not go yet , Edgar . old hoover ( absorb it , then ) and everything we have build ? old helen gandry ( by rote ) no . the Bureau be stronger than just you and I now . you child be sure , and keep this country safe . old hoover helen , if anything happen to I , I need you to do something . old helen gandry of course . old hoover Nixon will come for it all . they will crucify I and my Bureau . I be afraid of what will happen if I be not here to protect it . old helen gandry you private file , sir ? ( he nod ) then no one will never find they . old hoover no matter what pressure be put on ? old helen gandry yes , Edgar . I promise you . 112. int . FBI hallway - night the same shot we saw year before : Old Hoover leave work , walk the long hallway toward the elevator , Agents step out of he way . a old , emaciate toulson be far behind , drag he right leg , struggle to keep up . Hoover refuse to acknowledge he dearest partner 's impairment . int . toulson 's house - night Hoover sit in the unfamiliar dining room with he nearly blind friend , eat omaha steak and baked potato . old toulson do he ask for you resignation ? old hoover he ask what I have in the file on he . old toulson what do you say ? old hoover '' what file , sir ? '' but he know . he ask I to expand we wiretaps to cover news reporter . old toulson we can not do that . especially now . old hoover that 's the problem , clyde . if I will not do he '' Black bag '' job , he will create he own private force . old toulson that 's illegal . old hoover he do not say it . I could see it in he eye . he will not be control . he 'il do anything to hold onto power ... he 's a menace . old toulson ( the irony hurt ) right . I see . old hoover I never play he game . if to some it seem like rule bend , then perhaps they need to look into ( more ) 113 . old hoover ( cont 'd ) they soul and consider what it be they do that make they feel blackmail and intimidate . old toulson I be not think that . old hoover then what ? old toulson I be think it might be time for we to retire . I do not know how much longer I have . old hoover shut up , clyde . old toulson you build a great thing , Edgar . if you stop now , you have be celebrate . that 's what you want , be not it ? we country 's adoration ? there 's a chance you could have it . old hoover and why would not I have it ?! I save this country from bolshevik invasion , rid we of radical , capture Machine gun Kelley , kill dilinger , arrest karpis , convict bruno hauptmann , and now when I try with my last breath to save this country again , I be reward with a force retirement ? no . I will not go down to this man . and you suggestion that I do make I question you very loyalty . old toulson my loyalty , Edgar ?! Hoover know he 's go too far . he put he hand to he chest like he have indigestion . avoid toulson 's glare . old toulson ( cont ’d ) ( serve up the hard truth ) I read you manuscript , Edgar . ( Hoover look up . ) you do not arrest karpis . you know as well as I do there be no white horse in the street , no gun - - 114 . ext . new orlean STREET - day - 1935 a replay of the earlier karpis arrest -- this time Edgar do not lead the charge . karpis simply walk out of the building , and be surround by armed FBI Agents . only when it 's safe do Edgar emerge from the shadow . old toulson -- in the back seat . and you do not kill dilinger . agent purvis do -- int . hoover 's outer office - 1971 close on : dilinger 's death mask , pipe and glass on display . old toulson ( v.o . ) -- but you keep the glory for yourself . and Machine gun Kelly never say , '' do not shoot g-men . '' you make it up for the comic . int . toulson 's house - night -— continuous old toulson and when we go to the scene of the '' great crime of the century , '' Mr. lindbergh do not come out and -- ext . charle lindbergh 's home - day - 193 unlike the earlier version -- Edgar get in he car , he eye on lindbergh in he upper window , refuse to even make eye contact with Edgar and clyde on the driveway below . old toulson ( v.0o . ) -- shake you hand and express he faith in the FBI . he call you a '' fussy little man '' and refuse to even meet you . ext . roadside - september 19th 1934 - day a replay of hauptmann 's arrest : this time it 's not Edgar make the bust , it 's agent sisk old toulson ( v.0 . ) you do not arrest hauptmann . agent sisk do . you be not even at the scene . just the photo-op . int . toulson 's house - night - continuous in atypical fashion , Hoover be silent . he know it 's true . 115 . old toulson most of what you write be exaggeration . the rest lie , and I do not know if you even realize it anymore . ( Hoover look i11 ) Edgar ? you can lie to everyone else . the whole world . for you own sake , for the sake of the Bureau . but you cannot lie to I . Hoover be sweat . toulson hand he a handkerchief . old hoover I should never have give you a job . you know that , clyde ? you be not qualified . ( toulson ready for a attack ) do you remember what you do in you interview ? old toulson I do not . old hoover you fix my window ... and you find my handkerchief on the floor . and you hand it to I ... do you know why I be sweat ? old toulson because you be exercise . and Hoover dab he forehead with toulson 's handkerchief . toulson do not interrupt , he refold the handkerchief . old hoover no . that be also a lie ... I be sweat because I know that I need you ... I have never need anyone else in my entire life . not like that . and I start to perspire . old toulson ( a long beat , then ) I know ... Hoover put a hand on he chest , likely feign indigestion - - perhaps want a way out of this affectionate moment . old toulson ( cont ’d ) be you okay ? 116 . old hoover yes. indigestion ... would you like to have dinner tomorrow night ? at we old place ? old toulson ( he know he can not ) perhaps if I feel better . old hoover then you must . we have a good many thing to discuss . I can not depend on anyone at the Bureau now . and in he boldest show of affection in the film , Hoover kiss toulson 's forehead , hold he lip there for some time . toulson grab he arm . old toulson thank you , Edgar . and Hoover go , try to remain '' J. Edgar Hoover '' despite the feeling rise up inside he . int . hoover 's adulthood home - that night Hoover walk into he home . something seem off , but he can not figure it out . he play with he dog . they lead he to a portrait of he Mom . it seem she be make eye contact with he . he consider take she down , but instead , straighten she . now all be right . int . the oval office - morning Richard Nixon be with he Chief of staff h.r. haldeman . he 's just get a piece of juicy news . he 's stunne . richard nixon Jesus Christ ! that old cocksucker ! h.r. haldeman I 's all get a speech prepare . we should go on Television . richard nixon not yet . first seal off he office . Change the lock . do whatever you have to . I want that fuck file . 117 . int . helen gandy 's office —- morning helen show up to work as usual . cool as Ice . her phone ring . she take the call in stride , and make a simple note in she ledger -- '' call : hoover housekeeper . annie . '' she walk back to she office door , and close it . int . hoover 's adulthood home - morning Old toulson struggle up the stair behind a maid . when they reach Hoover 's bedroom door , she stop . she 's not go in . toulson take a beat , consider the door . he 's never be in the room . he push it open . reveal : it 's fill with ming vase , porcelain foo dog , buddhas , ivory elephant , and a multitude of nude male statue display on mahogany table drape in lace . this be Hoover 's hide world . any light that might try and get in be block by chinese screen . and there , lie on the floor in he silk pajama bottom be the body of J. Edgar Hoover . toulson kneel next to the body , and lovingly close he eye . Hoover have pass . int . hoover 's adulthood home / bedroom - moment later toulson find a stack of file sit on the bedside table . on top be the manuscript of he unfinish book . he pick it up . under it be the King 's sex tape transcript , and a folder label '' Eleanor Roosevelt . '' he open it and pull out a photostat of a letter . as he read it , we hear a replay of Young Edgar read it year ago . young hoover ( v.o . ) '' funny how even the dearest face will fade away in time . most clearly I remember you eye , with a kind of teasing smile in they , and the feel of that soft spot just northeast of the corner of you mouth against my lip . '' it 's the lesbian love letter to Eleanor that Edgar once roll with laughter at . it seem he like to keep it close and read it often . int . the oval office - intercut broadcast of the President richard nixon ( v.o . ) it can truly be say of he that he be a legend in he own time .-- 118 . int . hoover 's outer and inner office - same time nixon 's men barge into Hoover 's old office , seal it off , and search for he secret file . they stand guard at the door , not let anyone in or out . richard nixon ( v.o. ) -- his magnificent contribution to make this a great and good nation will be remember by the american people long after the petty carping and vicious criticism of he detractor be forget . int . helen gandy 's office - same time it 's too late . helen already have she boss 's private filing cabinet safely in she office . and as the President 's man search Hoover 's office and change he lock , she quietly dip the last of he file into the shredder . richard nixon ( v.o. ) the FBI he literally create and build be today universally regard as the finest law - enforcement agency in the world . int . hoover 's adulthood home / bedroom - day toulson lay down in Hoover 's untouched bed , hold the old Eleanor Roosevelt letter close to he chest . richard nixon the FBI be the eternal monument honore this great american . fade out . title card on black : the content of Hoover 's '' private and personal '' file will never be know . only a few clue from misfile item have ever surface . clyde toulson inherite Hoover 's estate , move into he house , and accept the U.S. flag drape over he coffin . clyde toulson 's grave be a few yard from Hoover 's in the congressional Cemetery .