Jackie Brown screenplay by quentin tarantino open credit int . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - day we hear the rhythm of funky seventies soul music . then she step into frame . she be jackie brown , a stewardess dress in she cabo AIR uniform . ( a little shuttle airline that fly from Los Angeles to cabo San Lucas . approximate flight time : forty five minute ) Jackie stand still as a people - mover slowly inch she through the airport . the credit apear and disappear in front of she . Jackie Brown be a very attractive black woman in she mid forty , though she look like she 's in she mid-thirty . the people - mover reach the end of the line , she step off . she breeze through custom and we follow she with a stedicam as she stride through the airport ... she get to she gate disappear inside the plane for a moment come back out san flight bag pick up the microphone . jackie ( into mike ) Flight 710 cabo San Lucas , now board Gate 12 , first class only . with a smile on she face , she collect passenger ' board pass as they board the plane . fade to black title card " ordell robbie " fade up on : ext . firing range - day video a chorus line of six beautiful bikini-clad woman , all hold different automatic weapon , blasting away . the cheap video title to : " chick who love gun " play over this image . one bikini beauty be single out . she 's a gorgeous brunette name sidney . sidney stand face camera hold a tec - 9 and describe it . sidney ( to camera ) hi , I be sidney . and I love to tec - 9 . the popular tec - 9 be advertise by its maker as be tough as the toughest customer . sidney' statistics : Age , height , measurement , date of birth , appear at the bottom left-hand corner . as sidney continue she sale pitch / demonstration , a black man' voice begin talk over the video . black man ( o.s. ) that 's a tec - 9 . it 's a cheap ass spray gun outta South Miami . after a closeup of the tec - 9 , sidney fire the weapon . black voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) cost three - eighty retail . I get they for two hundred and sell them for eight . int . melanie' beahc apartment - night the Black Voice belong to forty - five - year old ordell robbie . ordell wear clothes nice and like wear nice clothes . stylish , athletic wear ( reebok ) , heavy , black leather jacket ( Hugo boss ) , warm - color beret and baseball cap to cover he bald head be ordell 's " look . " at this moment ordell 's wear a open silk shirt . ordell narrate the video play on the big-screen V. ( the most expensive thing in the apartment ) . he hold a cocktail in one hand ( screwdriver , he drink of choice ) and the remote control in the other , pace the floor in he I - can-talk - anybody - into - anything voice . louis gara , who look like he do he shopping at the salvation Army ( dress in a Hawaiian shirt and dungaree ) , sit on the sofa stare blankly at the video , drink Jack Daniels on ice . Louis , white , also in he mid forty , have live over half of he life in penal institution . the experience have affect both he body language and he think process . while acutely aware of the rhythm of life inside a correction facility , in the real world he timing be throw . it 's like a song he do not know the lyric to but attempt to sing anyway . the third person watch the video be the person who life in this apartment , melanie ralston . Melanie , thirty - three , be a tan , blonde , California beach bunny . like the kind you se in the old Crown International movie from the seventies like " pom pom Girls " " malibu Beach " and " Beach Girls , " except Melanie be older than any of that girl ever be . she 's dress in she Melanie - uniform of stringy Levis cutoff and a stringy bra top . so far Melanie have be able to make a live out of lie in the sun , always find a generous , wealthy man more than willing to pay she rent and pick up she tabs . in she prime ( twenty two ) it be japanese industrialist , film production guy , and Middle Eastern businessman who keep Melanie . and it be place like the Bahamas , acapulco , and the virgin Islands where they keep she . but now , at thirty three , she life in a apartment in hermosa Beach , California that ordell pay for a drop in and out of . she 's curl up in a recline chair , smoking weed from a pipe , read movieline Magazine and pay no attention to the video . ordell this tec - 9 ? they advertise it as be the most popular gun in american crime . can you believe that shit ? it actually say that on the little booklet that come with it . " most popular gun in american crime , " like they be proud of that shit . ordell hit the fast - forward on he remote control . sidney be rush off the screen and replace by cindy , a pretty , blonde bodybuilder clad in a red , white and blue bikini , hold a styer aug . ordell ( cont 'd ) check out this body- builder chick ... now see what she get . that 's a styer aug . styer aug 's a bad motherfucker . listen . ordell punch up the volume . Cindy blast the styer aug , loud . ordell imitate the sound of the weapon . ordell ( cont 'd ) shit 's expensive , man . come from Austria . my customer do not know shit about it , so there be not no demand . ( to Melanie ) baby , I could use some more ice . Melanie put down the magazine , take he cocktail glass from he and move to the kitchen . ordell ( cont 'd ) but put that bad boy in a flick , every motherfucker out there want one . I be serious as a heart attack . they Hong Kong movie come out , every nigga gotta have a forty - five . and they do not want one , they want two , cause nigga want to be " the killer . " what they do not know , and that movie do not tell you be a .45 have a serious fuckin ' jammin ' problem . I always try and steer a customer towards a 9 - millimeter . damn near the same weapon , do not have half the jammin ' problem . but some niggas out there , you can not tell they anything . they want a .45 . the killer have a .45 , they want a .45 . Melanie come back , hand ordell he screwdriver , then sit where she be . ordell ( cont 'd ) thanks , baby . louis who 's you partner ? ordell sit down on the couch . Melanie 's read " movieline Inside " magazine . ordell Mr. Walker . he run a fishing boat in Mexico . I deliver the merchandise to he , get it to my customer . on all my bulk sale , anyway . nigga do not have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out ' fore I set them up . now , motherfucker 's rollin ' in cash . he get himself a yacht , with all kind of high tech navigational shit on it . ( back to video ) AK - 47 , the very best there be . gloria , a tall , amazonian , bikini-clad , black woman face camera and describe the AK - 47 . ordell ( cont 'd ) when you absolutely , positively , gotta kill every motherfucker in the room , accept no substitute . that there be the chinese one . I pay eight - fifty and double my money . the phone ring . ordell ( cont 'd ) get that for I , will ya baby ? melanie you know it 's for you . ordell just stare at she . ordell girl , you better not make I go over there and put my foot to ya . Louis keep stare at he screen . Melanie get up , go over to the counter that separate the live room from the kitchen , pick up the phone , say : melanie hello . put the phone down and say ; melanie ( cont 'd ) it 's for you . before ordell know it , Melanie be back in the recline chair , recline back all the way . ordell , piss , look at she a moment before take the phone . ordell ( into phone ) yeah . ( pause ) hey , junebug , what 's up Louis sit on he couch , drink he Jack Daniels , watch the video . Melanie lie back on the recline chair , take a hit off she pipe , then say in a ' hold in smoke ' voice ; melanie ( refer to the tape ) it 's boring , be not it ? louis I can sit through it once . melanie he think he 's Joe gunn now . louis I be impressed . he know a lot . melanie he 's just repeat shit he overhear . he be not any more a gun expert than I be . holding up she pipe . melanie want a hit ? louis sure . Louis take a hit off the pipe . melanie when do you get out of jail ? louis four day ago . melanie where at ? louis susanville . melanie how long ? louis two month shy of four year . melanie four year ? louis uh-huh . melanie what for ? louis Bank robbery . melanie really , I be impressed . Louis take a drink of whiskey . melanie four year that 's a long fuckin time . Louis nod he head in agreement . ordell hang up the phone . ordell come back , sit down on the other side of Louis . ordell see , what do I tell you ? man in New York want a 9 millimeter Smith and wesson model 5946 . why do he want it ? it 's the gun that nigga on " New York undercover " use . because of that nigga , I can sell it to this nigga for twelve-fifty . louis what 's you cost ? ordell as low as two . louis be you serious ? ordell that 's what I be tellin ' you . start add this motherfuckin ' figure up , and you tell I this be not a business to be in . the phone ring again . ordell look at Melanie . Melanie look at ordell . they have a bit of a stare contest before she get up and get the phone . ordell ( cont 'd ) I get I five m - 60 machine gun . this come straight from the Gulf War . I sell I three of they so far , twenty grand a piece . louis that 's good money . ordell Louis , this be it , man . I be gonna make I a million dollar out of this . I already get I a half - a - million sittin ' in Mexico . when I do this last delivery , I be gonna make I another half - million . louis then what ? ordell I get out . spend the rest of my life spend . Melanie sit back down in he chair . ordell ( cont 'd ) who be it ? melanie it 's beaumont . kitchen ordell , drink in hand , pick up the receiver . ordell ( into phone ) beaumont '' ordell . what 's the problem ? ( pause ) what the fuck you doin ' in jail ? ( pause ) what the fuck you doin ' that for ? ( pause ) ai not you get better sense than to be drivin ' drunk carry a goddam pistol ? he listen to beaumont on the other line - it 's obvious beaumont 's start to freak out . ordell change he tone . ordell ( cont 'd ) - beaumont . beaumont . listen to I . number one , you need to chill out , nigga . bad as this shit be , this shit be not as bad as you think it be . ( pause ) course you be scared . that 's what this motherfucker get pay for scarin ' the shit outta ya . that 's they job . and my job be to get you the fuck home so let I tell you what be gonna happen ... May I speak ?... thank you ... you gonna spend the night in jail ; it 's too late to get you out now . tomorrow , they gonna take you into court . I be gonna be there . judge gonna set you bail . I be gonna pay you bail , they gonna cut you loose . by tomorrow night , you will be back home , I promise . ( pause ) so just calm you ass down , and I will see you tomorrow . ( pause ) you owe I a helluva lot more than one , nigga . ( laugh ) see you . ordell hang up the phone . CUT to : ext . cherry bail bond - day the store front window of cherry bail bond in inglewood , California . the name of the business be spell out on the window , which also include a draw of a fat red cherry . ordell 's black mercede convertible pull up . ordell in the driver 's seat . Louis in shotgun position . int . cherry bail bond - day Inside cherry bail bond , look out through the picture window . we can read the name on the glass backwards . ordell and Louis appear in the window and enter the building . ordell carry a L.A. laker athletic bag . a unidentified male voice , obviously on the telephone , can be hear . ordell go toward the voice and tell Louis to " hang back . " male voice ( o.s. ) ... the judge do not give a fuck about that . he 's ready to habitualize you . be that what you want - you wanna look at ten year ? the voice belong to max cherry , bail bondsman . Max , a regular - Joe - type white guy in he fifty , sit behind he desk talk on the phone . his eye raise as he see ordell approach he . max ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) just overnight be all . tomorrow I will get you out , I promise . but it mean I gotta pick you up tonight . ordell motion to the chair in front of Max 's desk . Max motion for ordell to take a seat . max ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) Reggie , there be not no two way about it . you be spend the night in jail , but I already tell you I will get you out tomorrow . now where be you ? ( pause ) you be at you mother 's house , be not you ? ordell light up a cigarette . ( viceroy ) . he notice a picture on the wall of Max with he arm around a big , powerfully build black man . they be both grin . Louis pour himself some coffee from a coffeemaker into a small , white styrofoam cup . he pick up a jar of powder non-dairy creamer that 's so dry he have to break off a rock . Louis add the rock of coffeemate to he beverage . max ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) okay . just stay put till I come for you . ( pause ) Reggie , do yourself a really big favor and be there when I get there . he hang up the phone . ordell sit in front of the desk , smile at he and smoking . max ( cont 'd ) how can I help you ? ordell ( indicate the viceroy ) where would you like I to put my ash ? Max look at he for a moment . max use that coffee cup on the desk . ordell pick up the coffee cup , which still have a little bit of coffee in it , and flick he ash . ordell and I need I a bond for ten thousand . Max throw a look past ordell to Louis . ordell ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's just my white friend , Louis . he 's get nothing to do with my business . we just hangin together . we be on we way to a cocktail lounge . from across the room , Louis nod he head in Max 's direction . Max look at he a moment , then back to ordell . ordell ( cont 'd ) ( return to the photo ) who 's that big mandingo nigga you gotcha arm around ? Max look at he a moment and say ; max that 's Winston . he work here . ordell he 's a big one . you two tight ? max yeah . ordell it be we idea to take the picture , be not it ? Max look at ordell , get he drift , then say ; max so , you want a ten-thousand dollar bond . what have you get for collateral ? ordell gonna have to put up cash . max you have it with you ? ordell pick up he laker bag and put it in the empty chair next to he . ordell it 's in my bag . max you have cash . what do you need I for ? ordell c'mon , you know how they do . Black man come in with ten thousand , they wanna fuck with them . first off , they gonna wanna know where I get it . second , they gonna keep a big chunk of it - start talkin ' that court cost shit . fuck that shit , Jack . I will go through you . max cost you a thousand for the bond . ordell I know that . Louis just stand , feel uncomfortable , in the other room drink coffee . max who 's it for ? a relative ? ordell fella name beaumont . they have he up at county . it start out drunk drive , but they write it up " possession of a conceal weapon . " Dumb monkey - ass have a pistol on he . max ten thousand sound high . ordell they run he name and get a hit . he 's be in before . besides , beaumont 's from kentucky , and I think they be prejudice against black man from the South out here . max he take off and I gotta go to kentucky to bring he back , you pay the expense . ordell you think you could do that ? Max take papers out of the drawer ... max I have do it . ... pick up the pen ... max ( cont 'd ) what 's he full name ? ordell beaumont . that 's the only name I know . Max look at ordell , but do not ask he the obvious question . Max pick up the phone . max ( on phone ) record office . Max on hold , look at ordell . ordell smile . max ( cont 'd ) ( back on the line ) hello , this be Max cherry . cherry bail bond . who 's this ? ( pause ) hi , Vicki . look , Vicki , I need you to look up the book card and rough arrest on a defendant name beaumont . ( pause ) that 's all I have . I believe it 's a surname but I be not sure . thanks . Louis enter the area , stand over ordell . louis I be go to wait in the car . ordell sure. ( to Max ) we almost do , be not we ? max get there . ordell you go wait in the car . wait a minute . ordell pull out a heavy - duty keychain with a shitload of key on it . ordell take the key , man . listen to music . louis which one be for the car ? ordell find it . while he go through the key , Vicki come back on the line . Max speak with she as he fill out he papers . ordell ( hold a key ) this one 's for the ignition ... ( hold a little black box ) ... but you gotta hit this thing to shut the alarm off and unlock the door . louis what do I do ? ordell you be not get to do nothing . just point at it and push the button . you will hear the car go " bleep . " that mean the alarm 's off and the door be open . louis okay . ordell now play the volume as loud as you want but do not touch my level . I get they set just the way I want them . Louis nod and go out . ext . cherry bail bond - day Louis walk out of the office . he go up to ordell 's black mercede . he point the little black box at it . the car go bleep . he gingerly approach it , open the door and climb inside . int . max cherry office - day Max hang up the phone . max ( to ordell ) beaumont Livingston . ordell Livingston , huh ? max on he prior , he serve nine month , and he 's work on four year ' probation . ordell you do not say . max do you know what he 's on probation for ? ordell have not a clue . max possession of unregister machine gun . ordell will they consider this a violation of he probation ? max they do consider this a violation of he probation . you boy 's look at ten year , plus the conceal weapon . ordell man , he will not like that . beaumont do not get a doin ' time disposition . max I need you name and address . ordell ordell Robbie . o-r-d-e-l-l. r-o-b-b-i - E. 1436 Florence boulevard . compton 90222. max House or apartment ? ordell House . max now I need you to count you money . ordell hand he the laker bag . Max take the money out put it on the desk . ordell hope you do not mind I askin ' where you keepin ' my money till I get it back . in you drawer ? Max begin count it . max across the street a great western . it go in a trust account . you will need to fill out a application for appearance bond , a Indemnity agreement , a contingent promissory note . that 's the one , if beaumont skip and I go after he , you pay the expense . ordell beaumont be not go nowhere . ( he take a pen out of he pocket ) where do I sign ? Max pull the form from he desk , and lay they in front of ordell . Max go back to count the money . ordell read the first agreement then say ; ordell ( cont 'd ) ( read the form ) hey , Max . max ( still count money ) yes . ordell ( still read form ) I be wonder . what if before the court date get here , beaumont get hit by a bus or something and die . ( he put the form down and look at Max ) I get my money back , do not I ? CUT to : a black finger press a black button next to the name , " beaumont livingston " . int . beaumont's apartment - night beaumont livingston , wear no shirt , sweatpant , and smoking a fatty answer the intercom , which buzze loudly . we can hear jay leno interview a celebrity on tv offscreen . beaumont ( into the speaker ) who be it ? ext . beaumont's apartment - night ordell stand outside the security gate of beaumont 's Hollywood apartment . extreme closeup - ordell 's lip talk into the intercom speaker . ordell it 's you benefactor , nigga . buzz I up . extreme closeup - beaumont 's finger press the entry button . extreme closeup - the doorknob on the security gate , buz . ordell 's hand come into frame twist it open . beaumont open he apartment door , fatty between he finger . he see ordell approach . ordell greet he , arm spread out in hug mode , with a big smile across he face . ordell look at you and you free ass . come over and give I a motherfuckin ' hug . ordell and beaumont embrace . beaumont what the fuck can I say ? I be serious , man . what the fuck can I say ? thank you ... thank you ... thank you . ordell who be there for you ass ? beaumont you be there for I . ordell who ? beaumont you . laugh he hustler 's laugh and bump beaumont 's fist hard . ordell you goddam right ! beaumont laugh . ordell you see , ïit work like this . you get you ass in trouble , I get you ass out . that 's my job . and I do not mind tellin ya , nigga , it 's steady work . beaumont I be still scared as a motherfucker , ordell . they talkin ' like they serious ' bout I doin ' that machine gun time . ordell naw , man . they just tryin ' to put a fright in you ass . beaumont if that 's what they want to do , they be doin ' it . ordell how old be that machine gun shit ? beaumont Three year . ordell Three year . that crime 's old , man . they be not get room in prison for all the motherfucker out there killin ' people . how they gonna find room for you ? beaumont that 's not what they be tellin ' I . ordell that 's why they call it " fuckin ' with ya . " now you wanna hear how we retaliate ? beaumont take a hit off the fatty and nod he head . ordell ( cont 'd ) tomorrow I pick you up , take you to century City , meet my lawyer . now let I tell you a little bit about my lawyer . his name be stacin goin and this nigga be a junkyard dog ! he 's my own private johnie cochran . in fact , he would kick johnie cochran 's ass . and like johnie cochran , dude hate fuckin ' cop . I be serious , this man life to fuck with the police . so as a favor , I have he look at you case . stacin tell I you aint get shit to worry about . they just fuckin ' wit ya . so we sic the junkyard dog on they ass , make them - ( he bump fist with beaumont ) ... stop fuckin ' wit ya ! beaumont gesture inside he apartment . beaumont hey , c'mon in , man . I be just - you know - smokin ' a fatty , watchin' tv . ordell naw , man . I gotta be someplace . I be kinda hopin you could come with I . beaumont what would ya mean ? ordell look , I hate to be the kinda nigga , do a nigga a favor - then bam - hit a nigga up for a favor in return . but I be afraid I gotta be that kinda nigga . beaumont what ? ordell I need a favor . beaumont that require I goin out tonight ? ordell a bit . beaumont aaaaawww man , I be not plannin ' on goin no place . it 's twelve o'clock , man . I be home , I be high - ordell why the fuck you at home ? Cause I spend ten thousand dollar gittin ' you ass home . ( change tone ) look , I gotta problem . I need help , and you can help I . this have the desire effect . time CUT : with ordell waiting outside the door beaumont come out of the apartment , sport nike and a Queen latifah t-shirt . he lock he front door and walk with ordell to he car . they talk the whole way . we stedicam in front of they the whole way . beaumont what 's the problem ? ordell well , it be not so much a problem a a situation . remember I sell that three m - 60 machine gun outta the five I get ? beaumont uh-huh . ordell I be gonna sell the other two tonight . this group of korean in koreatown have start a Neighborhood watch kinda thing . and they want a few weapon so the neighborhood niggas know they mean business . so I be gonna sell them my two machine gun tonight . only problem , I aint never deal with this korean before . now I aint worried . asian be by and large real dependable . they do not want no trouble . you might argue about price , but you aint gotta worry about they shootin ' you in the back . but I get I kind of a rule . never do business with nobody you be not never do business with before without backup . that 's why I need you , backup . beaumont man , I be not ready to be goin ' out nowhere - ordell - let I finish . can I finish ? beaumont go ahead . CUT to : trunk the trunk of a car be open . ordell bend down into the trunk and pull out a pump action shotgun . beaumont obviously do not want any part of any ordell game that require a pump action shotgun as a play piece . ordell now you be gonn be in the trunk hold onto the shotgun . and I be go to tell they I be open up my trunk to show them my goods . I open up the trunk , you pop up , rack that bad boy . beaumont fuck that shit , man . I be not shootin ' anybody . ordell what the fuck I tell you . you do not hafta shoot nobody . just hold the gun . they will get the idea . beaumont I be not gittin ' in that trunk . ordell we be only goin ' to koreatown . you will be in there - ten minute . beaumont uh-uh . I be not riding in that trunk no minute . why do not I just ride with you ? ordell you can not ride with I . the surprise effect be ninety percent of it . beaumont well , I be sorry , man , but I be not gittin ' in that trunk . ordell I can not believe you do I this way . beaumont I be not doin ' you no way . I just be not climbin ' in that trunk . I get a problem with small place . ordell well , my ass have get a problem spend ten thousand dollar of my own goddam money to get ungrateful , peanut-head niggas outta jail , but I do it - beaumont look , man , I know I owe you - ordell - well , if you owe I , git you ass in the trunk . beaumont - I wanna help you , but I do not wanna be lock in the trunk of no car . ordell you think I want to spend ten thousand dollar on you ass ? beaumont start to speak - ordell ( cont 'd ) answer the question , nigga . do you think I want to spend the thousand dollar on you ass ? yes or no ? beaumont course you do not . ordell but the only way to help you be to do that , so I do it . ( pause ) okay , how ' bout this ? after we be through fuckin ' with this korean , I take you to roscoe 's Chicken and Waffles . my treat . beaumont smile . so do ordell . ordell ( cont 'd ) just think , man . that scoe 's special , smother in gravy and onion . get a side of red bean and rice . uuuuummmmm , that 's some good eatin ' . beaumont and ordell laugh together ... the beaumont say ; beaumont now exactly how long I gotta be in this motherfucker . CUT to : trunk beaumont in the trunk , hold the shotgun . the trunk lid be slammed close . ext . / int . oldsmobile - night ordell walk around the car , climb into the plush interior of the old and turn on the engine . it come to life with a soft rumble . he put a tape in the player inside the dash . the tape be label " ordell' jam . " cool , old - school r&amp ; B fill the cab . ordell cruise , move he head to the rhythm and mouth the word . he drive for awhile , just groovin ' on the music ... ... then stop . ordell switch the engine and the music off . the cab go black . he lean over the passenger seat , open the glovebox . a tiny light turn on when the glovebox be open . it 's the only light in the cab . ordell leave it on . in silence he take one glove out and put it on he right hand . then with he glove hand , reach in the glovebox and pull out a five - shot .38 snubby . he close the glovebox . the cab go black . ext . oldsmobile - night the old be park out in the middle of some urban nowhere . ordell get out , stick the snubby in he pants , and walk to the back of the old . he stick he key in the trunk and say ; ordell do not worry . it 's just I . the trunk open . beaumont be hunch on he side with the shotgun . ordell ( cont 'd ) I be wonder . do any federal people come visit you in jail and I should be watch my ass ? beaumont do not say anything . ordell ( cont 'd ) you would not tell I if they do and I would not blame you . ordell take the snubby out of he pants . beaumont quick -rack the pump shotgun , pull the trigger , and hear the click you hear from a empty weapon . he rack it again , click then bam . beaumont be shot hard in the chest . he go back into he trunk . ordell put one more shot in he head , bam , toss the weapon on top of the dead body and close the trunk . ordell 's beaumont problem be solve . he climb back into the cab , turn on the engine . we hear the old - school r&amp ; B song come back on , but very low . ordell drive the old away . CUT to : int . motel - night Louis sit on a bed in a flophouse motel room , flipping from one channel to another with a remote control , drink cocktail from a can . the phone ring . he answer it . louis hello . int . oldsmobile ( parked ) - night ordell be sit park in the comfy - cozy cab of the old , listen to soul music with he tiny cellular phone next to he ear . ordell Louis , my man . watcha doin ' ? louis oh , I dunno . watch tv . ordell whatcha watchin' ? louis nothin ' really . just kinda goin ' back and forth . they have some black girl from some black show on jay leno . I watch that for a bit , but I keep flippin channel cause I do not know who she be . ordell guess where I be ? louis I dunno . ordell I know you do not know . I say guess . louis the moon - I dunno ordell I be talkin ' to you from the comfy - cozy interior of a oldsmobile park outside you nasty - ass welfare motel . louis you be outside ? ordell uh-huh . louis c'mon in . ordell naw , man . I just tell you , I be comfortable . I be not about to walk into that roach motel and get uncomfortable . you bring you ass out here . louis I be in my underwear . ordell then put you goddam drawer on , and get you ass out here . I get something ' to show you . ext . motel - night Louis , have just throw on some pants , walk outside he room and see ordell 's big , black oldsmobile park in front of the motel . as he approach , the power window on the driver 's side come down , revealing a comfortable ordell sit back in he seat look up at Louis . ordell you know what you problem be , Louis ? Louis do not say anything , he just put he hand in he pocket . ordell ( cont 'd ) you think you be a good guy . when you go into a deal you do not go in prepare to take that motherfucker all the way . you go in look for a way out . and it be not cause you be scared neither . it 's cause you think you be a good guy , and you think there 's certain thing a good guy will not do . that 's where we be different , I and you . Cause I , once I decide I want something , aint a goddam motherfuckin ' thing gonna stop I from gittin ' it . I gotta use a gun get what I want , I be gonna use a gun . nigga get in my way , nigga gonna get remove . understand what I be say ? closeup : key go into trunk trunk open show beaumont shot in the chest with half he head blow off . Louis look inside , see beaumont , look at ordell , then back to beaumont . ordell close the trunk . louis who be that ? ordell that be beaumont . louis who be beaumont ? ordell a employee I have to let go . louis what do he do ? ordell he put himself in a situation where he be gonna have to do ten year in the penetentiary , that 's what he do . ( take out a viceroy and lighting it up ) and if you know beaumont , you know there aint no way in hell he can do no ten year . and if you know that , you know beaumont 's gonna go any goddam thing beaumont can to keep from doin ' that ten year include tell the Federal government everything they want to know about my ass . now that , my friend , be a clear case of he or I . and you best believe it aint gonna be I . you know what I be sayin ' ? you gonna come in on this with I , you gotta be prepare to go all the way . I get I so far over a half - a-million dollar sittin ' in lockbox in a bank in cabo San Lucas . I and Mr. Walker make we one more delivery , I be gonna have I over a million . you think I be gonna let this little cheese eatin ' nigga here fuck that up ? shit , you better think again . ' fore I let this deal get fuck up , I will shoot that nigga in the head , and ten niggas look just like they . ( pause ) understand what I be sayin ' ? louis yeah . ordell so we on the same page then ? louis I follow . ordell smile ( not he hustler smile , but a genuine smile ) . Louis grin . they both bump fist . fade to black : title card : " jackie brown " the sound of airplane landing and take off can be hear underneath this ... int . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - day a subtitle read : " los angele INTERNATIONAL airport parking garage " we look down a row of car in a enclose parking garage at lax . Jackie Brown , the cabo Air stewardess from the open credit , walk into frame . we dolly behind she as she walk down the row of car . voice ( o.s. ) miss Brown . she turn towards the voice / camera . Young plainclothes cop , MARK dargus , walk up to she , hold open he i.d. case . dargus hi , I be detective Mark dargus . l.a.p.d. can I ask what you have in that bag ? jackie the usual thing . I be a flight attendant with cabo Air . Young plainclothes cop ray nicolet , enter the scene . nicolet can I be of some assistance ? as Jackie pull the cigarettes ( davidoff ) from she purse , she say to Ray ; jackie I doubt it . ( to dargus ) who 's you friend ? dargus this be special agent Ray nicolet with alcohol , tobacco , and firearm . would you mind if we look in that bag ? Jackie light she cigarette with a yellow bic lighter . jackie would I mind ? do I have a choice ? dargus you have the right to say " no . " and I have the right to make you wait here with Ray while I go get a warrant . and if I do not want to go through all that trouble , I could just take you in on suspicion . jackie suspicion of what ? nicolet all he want to do be peek in you bag . I will watch he do not take anything . Jackie shrug and say ; jackie go ahead . dargus lay the flight bag on the pavement , get down on he haunch , and start feel through she thing . closeup flight bag a soile blouse , uniform skirt , - then a manila envelope , a fat one , nine - by-twelve . Jackie watch he straighten the clasp ... envelope open it . out drop several packet of one hundred dollar bill secure with rubberband . nicolet whistle . dargus look up at she . dargus I would say there 's about , oh , fifty thousand dollar here . what would you say Ray ? nicolet that look like fifty thousand dollar from here . jackie not say anything at the moment . dargus this be you money ? jackie if I be to tell you " no it be not ... " dargus smile . dargus you should know if you bring in anything over ten thousand you have to declare it . you forget or what ? you could get a two hundred and fifty thousand dollar fine , plus two year in prison . now you want to talk to we about it , or you want to talk to custom ? jackie I be not say another word . nicolet listen , Jackie , hope you do not mind if I call you Jackie . they be a bunch of fuckin ' prick in custom . something about that job make they kinda hard to get along with . now , do you want to talk with a bunch of suspicious , disagreeable people like they , or a couple good - heart guy like Mark and myself . nicolet smile . closeup jackie do not smile back . dissolve to : closeup jackie sitting in a chair face the two offscreen detective . Jackie light up a cigarette . we do not leave the closeup until note . int . dargus office - day dargus ( o.s. ) hey , this be my office . there 's no smoking . jackie arrest I . nicolet laugh o.s. dargus ( o.s. ) we could , smart ass ... or we could work out what 's know as a substantial Assistance agreement . that be if you be willing to cooperate . tell we who give you the money and who you be give it to . Jackie do not sit anything ... she just smoke . nicolet ( o.s. ) you get a good lawyer ? dargus ( o.s. ) can she afford a good one be the question . otherwise she will be in sybill brand three week easy before the Public defender get around to she . nicolet ( o.s. ) ever hear of a fella name beaumont Livingston ? not a word . nicolet ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not know beaumont ? that 's funny ' cause beaumont know you . well he do know you , beaumont be find in the trunk of a car - dead . shot twice . once in the head and once in the chest . Jackie , she put the " ool " in " cool . " nicolet ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have the chance to talk to beaumont yesterday . you see , like you , beaumont find himself in some hot water . he be look at ten year he be pretty sure he do not want to do and be understandably concerned . now maybe you do not know beaumont , but beaumont know you , and maybe so do the guy who blow beaumont 's head off . not a word . dargus ( o.s. ) if you do not want to talk to we , I guess we will just have to hand you over to custom . Jackie put out she cigarette . jackie okay , let 's go . she stare down the cop . dargus and nicolet we cut to the detective and the special agent for the first time in the scene . dargus you know , miss Brown , there 's basically three type of people that we come along in the performance of we duty . one be , innocent people . victim , witness , innocent bystander ... you be not any of this . then there 's two ; criminals . this sonabitch have dedicated they life to a life outside the law . that be not you either . where you belong be the third category . the category we refer to as losers . Jackie 's eye do not even narrow at the insult . she just say without expression ; jackie I be not a loser . dargus oh , you be both ? in 1985 you be fly for twa and get bust for carry drug . you be carry they for a pilot husband of yours . he do time and you get off . but that end you career with the big airline . cut to thirteen year later . you be forty - four year of age . you be fly for the shittiest little shuttle - fuck piece of shit mexican airline that there be . where you make a whopping twelve- thousand dollar a year . that be not a hulluva lot to show for a twenty year career . and to top it off , you be go to jail . now true , the judge , even with you prior , will probably only give you a year or two . but this do not seem like the time of life you get year to throw away . ( pause ) now , we do not like try loser like they be criminal . but in the absence of a criminal , we will try you . now , be not this money give to you by a american live in Mexico by the name of cedric Walker ? Jackie remain unmove by this monologue . nicolet join back in . nicolet you know , ol ' beaumont be not much for talkin' , either . yeah , he tell we about you and Mr. Walker , but whoever the hell it be he work for out here , he would not say . could it be the same person you be suppose to deliver this money to ? Jackie just stare at they , say nothing . dargus sit behind he desk , with Jackie 's flight bag on it . dargus I would like you permission to open this again . so we will know exactly how much money we be talkin ' about here . Jackie get up from she chair , walk over to the desk , unzip the bag , take out the manila envelope and drop it on the desk . jackie help yourself . dargus while you be at it , let I see what else be in there . you mind ? she reach in the bag and bring out a pocketbook . jackie my pocketbook . dargus what 's in it ? jackie beauty product . nicolet take the manila envelope . nicolet I will count the money . dargus point at a clear plastic bag with pill and packet in it . dargus what 's this ? jackie that 's my diet shit . nicolet take out the bill from the envelope . dargus let 's see what else be in there . nicolet take the bill and look inside the envelope . his expression change to a shit-eate grin . nicolet oh , miss Brown ? jackie yeah ? nicolet pull out a clear cellophane sandwich bag with a half - inch or so of white powder inside . nicolet and what would this be , sweet and low ? jackie what the fuck be that shit ? nicolet I know what it look like . jackie you plant that shit on I . nicolet and dargus laugh at that . jackie look , that shit be not mine . nicolet ( to dargus ) it be not enough for traffick , but how ' bout posession with the intent to distribute ? dargus oh , I would not be so sure . what with all the cash , I think I could go with conspiracy to traffic . jackie I be tellin ' you , I do not know nothin ' about that fuckin ' shit . nicolet well then , miss Brown . why do not you have a seat and tell we who might know something about this fuckin ' shit . Jackie just look at the two grin cheshire cat as the balance of power roll over on she . CUT to : ext . torrance municipal courthouse - day a Los Angeles County jail bus pull up behind the torrance Court House . int . county jail bus - day Jackie , now wear County jail blue , sit next to another black woman . they hand cuffed together . the bus stop . a rough-looking female county sheriff unlock the gate that enclose the prisoner . then explain in a you - better - do - exactly - what - I - say manner , how they be go to leave the bus . ext . county jail bus - day many women , include Jackie , all wear county blue and handcuff to each other , exit the bus . the sheriff lead they into the back entrance to the court house . int . hallway courthouse - day dargus and nicolet confer with the public defender , a attractive blonde woman in a nice business suit . dargus if she will cooperate with we , we will turn possession with intent into plain ol ' possession , and she can bond outta here for one thousand buck . if she do not help we , we will go for the intent and request a twenty - five- thousand dollar bond . int . courtroom - day Jackie and the Public defender . Jackie , in she county blue ; Public defender in she nice suit . jackie you tell that guy they will have to do one helluva lot better than that before I will even say ' hi ' to they . public defender well , that 's the State 's offer . if you plead to possession and tell l.a.p.d. what they want to know , you bond will be set at one - thousand dollar . if you do not , l.a.p.d. will request one at twenty - five thousand base on you prior record and risk of flight . if you do not post it or do not know anyone who can , you will spend six to eight week in County before you arraignment come up . jackie who 's side be you on ? public defender I beg you pardon ? jackie what if I plead guilty ? public defender and cooperate ? you might get probation . jackie if I do not cooperate ? public defender with the prior ? you could get anywhere from a year to five depend on the judge . you want to think about it ? you get two minute before we be up . court in session it 's a full schedule in court today . Jackie sit with a bunch of other female wear county blue in the defendant 's area ( where the jury sit during a jury trial ) dargus and nicolet sit in the courtroom . the judge read the next case . judge Brown . case number 700324 . Jackie rise amongst the other defendant . the p.d. rise . dargus , the arrest officer , rise . judge the charge be possession of narcotics with the intent to distribute . how do you client plead ? public defender she wish to stand mute , you honor . judge very well ... ( to dargus ) ... detective dargus - you be the arrest officer in he case , correct ? dargus that 's correct , you honor . judge you have a recommendation for bail ? dargus yes , I do , you honor . base on the defendant 's prior conviction and the extreme possibility of flight due to she occupation , the State request a bond of no less than twenty - five thousand . the judge look at the report , then at Jackie ... judge I will set bond at ten thousand and set the date of August 14th for the arraignment . jackie when be that , you honor ? judge that 's six week from now , miss Brown . we will continue this matter then . owen , case 72242 . Jackie sit down . dargus sit down next to nicolet . they smile and giggle together . Jackie see they giggle like fifth grader . it fuck piss she off . different perspective we go from a closeup of a boil Jackie , to a perspective from the back of the courtroom . we see Jackie in the defendant 's area . we see the two happy detective walk past we on they way out of the courtroom . ordell sit in the back , watch the proceedings without any expression . when he 's see enough , he stand up and out of the shot leave a empty frame . fade to black title card " max cherry " fade up on : int . max cherry office - day the bathroom door in Max 's office . we hear a toilet flush behind it . the door open , and Max cherry emerge , zipping up he pants with a tv guide in he hand . he look up and stop dead . ordell sit oh-so comfortably in the chair in front of Max 's desk . ordell unh ... unh ... unh ... I di not hear you wash you hand . Max look at ordell , then take he place behind he desk . max comfortable ? ordell the door be open , so I just come right in . max I can see that . why ? ordell I get some more business for ya . max oh , yeah ? what do he do ? ordell ( o.s. ) she be a airline stewardess . get catch come back from Mexico with some blow . they set she bond this afternoon at ten thousand . now , what I be thinkin' , you could use the ten thousand you owe I from beaumont and move it over on to the stewardess . max the bond for possession be only a thousand . ordell they fuckin ' wit ' she . they callin ' it possession with intent . a black woman in she forty get bust with less than two ounce on she , they call that shit intent . same shit happen to a movie star . it 's possession . max it still sound high . ordell she have , I believe it be ... fifty grand on she , too . there be a cop at the hearing . Young guy with l.a.p.d. want she bond set at twenty - five thousand , say there be a risk of flight . Jackie be a stewardess and all . max before we start talk about stewardess , let 's get beaumont out of the way first . sitting back in the chair - almost grin - but not quite . ordell somebody already do . max what ? ordell you do not hear ? max hear what ? ordell somebody with a grudge blow beaumont 's brain out - hey , that rhyme - blow beaumont 's brain out . max do the police contact you ? ordell very first motherfuckin ' thing they do . they see I put up a big money bond on my boy , they start think with that where - there 's - smoke - there 's fire logic . they roust my ass outta bed , ten o'clock in the morning . fuckin ' scare my woman , sherona , half to death . she think they be gonna take my ass away for sure . max the stewardess . do you know she last name ? ordell ( smile ) Brown , Jackie Brown . max what do she do for you ? ordell who say she do anything for I ? she 's my friend . when my friend get into trouble , I like to help them out . max beaumont work for you . ordell that 's what the police think . I tell they I be unemployed , how could I have anybody work for I ? now I bail out Jackie , I be liable to have the police on I again , huh ? wanting to know be she do thing for I , be she bring I that money ! max be she ? ordell be this , I and you , like a lawyer - client relationship ? the lawyer can not tell nothing he hear ? max you be not my client until you get bust and I bond you out . ordell if there 's no - what do you call it - confidentiality between we ? why would I tell you anything ? max Cause you want I to know what a slick guy you be . you get stewardess bring you fifty grand . ordell why would a stewardess bring I fifty grand ? max you want I to speculate on what you do . I would say you be in the drug business , except the money 's move in the wrong direction . whatever you be into , you seem to be get away with it , so more power to you . okay you want another bond , and you want to move over the ten thousand you put down on beaumont to the stewardess . that mean paperwork . I have to get a death certificate , present it to the court , fill out a receipt for return of bond collateral , then type up another application . a indemnity agreement - ordell - Jackie aint get time for all that shit - max - I be tell you what I have to do . what you have to do , in case you forget , be come up with premium of a thousand buck . ordell I get it . I just do not get it on I . max well , come back when you do , and I will bond out the stewardess . ordell man , you know I be good for it . thousand buck be not shit . max if I do not see it in front of I , you be right . it be not shit . ordell man , you need to look at this with a little compassion . Jackie be not no criminal . she be not use to this kinda treatment . I mean , gangster do not give a fuck - but for the average citizen , coupla night in County fuck with you mind . max ordell , this be not a bar , a you do not have a tab . ordell just listen for a second . we get a forty - year-old , gainfully employ black woman , falsely accuse - max falsely accuse ? she do not come back from Mexico with cocaine on she ? ordell falsely accuse of intent . if she have that shit - and mind you , I say " if " - it be just she shit to get high with . max be white guilt suppose to make I forget I be run a business ? ordell give up and take a envelope out of he pocket . ordell okay , man . I get you money . but do not you ever ask I for no fuckin ' favor . int . max's cadillac ( moving ) - night it 's early evening ; and Max 's powder - blue Seville be drive to the County jail with a client , a young Hispanic woman of twenty name anita . max tomorrow I will talk to you probation officer . Karen 's a good kid , but she 's mad at you , because you lie to she . this business about you grandmother 's funeral anita I go . I do . I take my mother and little brother . max but you do not ask permission . you break a trust . if you have ask , Karen probably would have let you . I be sure she would . anita I know . that 's why I go . max but then you tell she you be home . anita sure , ' cause I do not ask she if I could go . Max give up . max I do not know . maybe it 's a language problem . ( get stern ) anita , you ever cause this much heartache over something that could easily be avoid , I will never write you again . you understand ? anita I understand . max I mean it . I do not care how many time you mother call or how much she cry . like a exasperate teenager . anita I understand . max then say " yes , Max . I understand . " anita yes , Max , I understand . int . L.A. county jail - night Pov through a wire mesh cage Max and anita , side by side . anita 's hand be cuffed behind she back . max drop off and pick up . drop of Lopez , anita . pick up Brown , Jackie . we be at the admit desk of the L.A. County jail . Max undoe anita 's handcuffs , while a sheriff wait to take she away . anita so you be gonna call Karen tomorrow ? max I will call she . anita wo not forget ? max I will not forget . she kiss Max on the cheek and the sheriff take she away . anita thanks , Max . see you later . Max put the cuff away , sit on a bench , take out a Len deighton paperback and begin to read . fade to black fade up : max still read he novel . we hear offscreen , a sheriff be voice . sheriff ( o.s. ) Max ! here she come . Max put he book down and see - Jackie be lead into the admit Area by two sheriff . she 's wear she stewardess uniform and carry a small envelope with she belonging in it and she shoe . when Max be imagine a woman in she forty , he have someone with a bit of wear and tear on they in mind . but this Jackie Brown 's a knockout . as he watch she , she step out of the County jail slipper she be wear and slip into she shoe . he approach , hand she he card . max miss Brown ... I be Max cherry . I be you bail bondsman . she take the card and shake he hand say nothing . max ( cont 'd ) I can give you a lift home if you would like ? jackie okay . int . max's cadillac - night Max put he key in the ignition , when Jackie ask ; jackie be you really a bail bondsman ? max who do you think I be ? she do not answer . max ( cont 'd ) I give you my card there . jackie can I see you i.d .? max you be serious ? she wait . Max dig the case out of he pocket , hand it to she , then reach up and turn on the light above they for she to see . max's id : surety agent licensed by the state of california jackie who put up my bond ? ordell ? max in cash . she look straight ahead . Max shift into drive . Max roll down he window at the front gate . a deputy come out of the gatehouse and hand through the window Max 's .38 revolver , cylinder open . Max hand the deputy he pass in exchange for the gun , say " thanks " , then put the .38 in he glovebox in front of Jackie . he drive on . max and jackie ( moving ) jackie can we stop for cigarettes ? max sure , ever be to the riverbottom ? jackie I do not think so . max it 's okay . it 's a cop hangout . jackie could not we just stop at a seven - eleven ? max I think you might want a drink ? jackie I would love one , but not there . max we could stop at the Hilton by the airport . jackie be it dark ? max it 's kind of a sport bar jackie that do not sound dark . max why do it need to be dark ? jackie ' Cause I look like I just get outta jail , that 's why . you droppin ' I off at home , right ? there 's a place by I . max great . CUT to : ext . the cockatoo inn - night a big neon sign of a cockatoo sit on op of a red brick inn . int . the cockatoo inn - night closeup - a knob be pull out . Jackie pick up a pack of mild Seven 's cigarettes from the bottom of a cigarette machine . she cross the bar to join Max , sit at a small table wait for she to return . the cockatoo Inn be just what Jackie be look for . a dark and red cocktail lounge in hawthorne off of hawthorne boulevard by the apartment where the stewardess life ( about ten minute from lax ) the clientele of the cockatoo be a older , black crowd and a even older white crowd who would be come here year before it become a black bar . a jukebox play soft , old - school r&amp ; B. Jackie and Max sit side by side at a small table , light by a bar candle in a red glass thing . Max drink bushmills over crush ice . Jackie drink white wine . Jackie open she mild seven , offer one to Max . max no thanks , I quit three year ago . as she light she cigarette . jackie you gain weight ? max ten pound . I lose it and put it back on . jackie that 's why I do not quit . if I can not fly anymore , I be gonna have a bitch of a time gettin ' my brand . max what 's you brand ? jackie davidoff . I get them in Mexico . they be hard to find here . I be lock up with the last two get legal advice from a woman who be in for bustin ' she boyfriend 's head open with a baseball bat . max be she helpful ? jackie she be more helpful than the fuckin' Public defender . ( she take a sip of wine ) I do not know - I guess what I need be a lawyer , find out what my option be . max you know , I figure out the other day I have write something like ' fifteen thousand bond since I have be in the business . I would say about eighty percent of they be at least drug related . if you want , I can help you look at you option . Jackie take the talk in a different direction . jackie you be not tired of it ? max ( smile ) I be , as a matter of fact . a moment of silence between they , they both take drink . max ( cont 'd ) what have they tell you ? jackie so far I have be tell I can cooperate and get probation , maybe . or , I can stand mute and get as much as five year . do that sound right ? max I would say if you be try and find guilty you will not get more than a year and a day . that 's State time . prison . jackie ( under she breath ) shit . max but they will not want to take you to trial . they will offer you simple possession , a few month of County time , and a year or two probation . ( point to she drink ) how ' bout another ? jackie sure . Max gesture to a older black cocktail waitress name rowen for two more . max you know who put the dope in you bag ? jackie yeah , but that 's not what this be about . they be fuckin waitin ' for my ass . they know I have that money , they even know the amount . the one who searched my bag , from l.a.p.d. , dargus , hardly even look at it . " oh , I would say there 's fifty thousand here . what would you say ? " but all they could do be threaten I and hand I over to custom , and I could tell they do not want to do that . max they want you to tell they what you know . jackie I have them too . I burnt that two starky and hutch motherfucker down . then they ass luck out and find that coke . max what do they want to know ? jackie who give I the money and who I be give it to . and some guy they find in a trunk with he head blow off . Said it be he who tell they ' bout I . the waitress come with the drink . rowen can I get you two some popcorn ? max no , thanks . rowen exit . max ( cont 'd ) that would be beaumont Livingston . jackie that 's he . how do you know them ? max I write he on Monday . they find he dead on Tuesday . jackie ordell pick up he bond ? max same as you . ten thousand . jackie the federal agent kinda half hint ordell might of do beaumont . max you mention a guy from l.a.p.d. , but you do not mention the Federal . jackie I do not ? max no , you do not . what branch ? jackie Ray nicolet with alcohol , tobacco , and firearm . Max put it together . max he 's the one who want you . jackie it be the other guy who bust I . max ' Cause if he bust you , you would play hell bond out of federal court . he do not want you mad at he , he want you to tell he what you know . he use you to get a line on ordell , make a case , then take he federal . you know what ordell 's into ? jackie I have a pretty good idea . ordell aint no bootlegger and I doubt he 's smugglin ' Cuban cigar . so that only leave one thing a a.t.f. man would be interested in . Jackie wait a moment before answer , weigh thing in she mind and make a decision . jackie I use to bring over ten thousand at a time . that 's the legal limit , so I never bring more than that . max how many trip do you make ? jackie with ten thousand ? nine . max he 's get that kinda money ? jackie it 's all in lock box in a Mexico bank . but he 's get a problem . he 's - what do you call it when you get money , but do not have cash ? max Cash poor ? jackie that 's it . he 's cash poor . he keep on I till I finally say okay . I will bring whatever fit in a nine - by - twelve envelope . I get pay five hundred dollar , and he friend , Mr. Walker , in Mexico give I the envelope . max if you know bring anything over ten thousand be against the law , why not pack a hundred grand ? Jackie get exasperate . jackie whatever it be have to fit in my bag and not hit you in the face if the bag be open . this be not solvin ' my problem . I gotta figure out a way to either keep my job or get out of trouble . I be of today , but if I can not leave the country I be out of a job . and if I do not get a job , I can not hire a lawyer . max ask a.t.f . they might give you permission . jackie yeah , if I cooperate . max well , Jackie , you get catch , you be gonna have to give them something . jackie but if all I can give them be ordell 's name - I do not really know shit about what he do or how he do it - that do not give I much to bargain with . max give them what you get . offer to help . show a willingness to be helpful . you want to stay out of jail , do not you ? Max look at Jackie think about something . max ( cont 'd ) what ' dya think ? closeup jackie jackie I think maybe I have more option than I think . dissolve to : closeup : ordell sitting in he black mercede , park across the street from Jackie 's apartment building in hawthorne . johnny Cash be play inside he car . ext . jackie' apartment complex - night ordell' Pov through the windshield , he see Max 's powder - blue cadillac Seville pull up to Jackie 's apartment . she get out , ten bend down and talk to he through the window of the passenger side door . then make a goobye gesture and turn , walk into she apartment complex . Max drive off . ordell while johnny Cash continue croon , ordell put on he glove . then open up he glovebox , take out a little targa .22 pistol . he step out of the car , slip the pistol into he coat pocket . we stedicam in front of he as he walk across the street to Jackie 's apartment . once inside the complex , ordell pass we and we follow behind he , up to Jackie 's ground - floor apartment door . he give it a soft knock with one knuckle . he wait a moment , then Jackie open the door . ordell how you do , Ms. Jackie ? jackie I be expect you . come in . Jackie hold the door open for he . int . jackie' apartment - night ordell step inside . he move over by a halogen lamp in the live room . ordell you get some booze ? Jackie still stand by the door . she do not look frighten . jackie I get some vodka in the freezer . ordell get some o.j.? jackie yeah . ordell turn the halogen lamp to dim . ordell well , then , why do not you be a good hostess and make I a screwdriver ? jackie sure . Jackie move into the kitchen area . ordell follow she , hang in the doorway , while she make the drink . Jackie do not turn on the light . ordell you gonna thank I ? take a glass from the cupboard . jackie for what ? ordell who you think get you ass outta jail ? open the freezer and fill a glass with ice cube and take out vodka . jackie the same guy who put I in , thanks a lot . ordell hey , you get catch with blow , that 's we business . open refrigerator , light cut into the kitchen . she take out orange juice , then close the door . jackie it be not mine . ordell have to stop and think . Jackie make screwdriver . ordell oh , shit . I bet it be that present Mr. Walker be send Melanie . yaaaah , he 's the one musta put it in there if you do not . oh , man , that shit 's uncall for , baby , and I apologize . I 'magine they ask you a shitload of question about it , huh ? all that money , want to know where you get it ? Jackie do not answer . she just walk up to ordell hand he he yellow drink in the darkness . ordell take it , continue to look at Jackie . ordell ( cont 'd ) I 'magine they ask who you givin ' it to , too . jackie they ask . ordell and what be you answer ? jackie I say I want to talk to a lawyer . ordell you positive about that ? you be not nervous and let something slip by mistake ? if you do , I be not mad , I just gotta know . Jackie say to he face ; jackie you be not ask the right question . then she walk past he back to the live room . she go over to the halogen lamp , turn the light up brighter , then move by the door , still stand and look at ordell in the kitchen doorway . jackie beaumont Livingston . ordell I know it . jackie and they ask if I know Mr. Walker . ordell by the halogen lamp . he turn it back to dim . ordell yeah ? jackie I do not tell them anything . ordell move slowly towards Jackie . ordell my name come up ? Jackie slowly shake she head " no . " ordell directly in front of Jackie , he gently place he glove hand on she shoulder . ordell ( cont 'd ) you say anything about I ? Jackie shake she head " no . " ordell ( cont 'd ) well , that 's mighty honorable of you . ordell 's glove fingertip move up she collarbone to she throat , gently touch she skin . Jackie lock eye with he , but still show no fear . ordell ( cont 'd ) this fella beaumont , they say what happen to he ? jackie they tell I . at this moment the film become a : split screen on the right -hand side be ordell with he hand barely touch Jackie 's throat . on the left -hand side be Max drive home in he Seville . max in car Max drive home , a almost moony romantic look no he face . he can not stop think about Jackie . during the night she would have a gleam in she eye , the look say ; " we could have fun " . unless she be appraise kinda he with the look , make a judgment and what it say be ; " I could use you " . either way it be a turn - on . Max pull into the driveway of he small house in torrance . ordell and jackie ordell yeah , somebody musta be real mad at beaumont . or they be afraid of what he might say to keep from doin some time . I 'magine from time - to- time they ask you a whole shitload of question . and you do not give them no answer ? Jackie shake she head from side to side . ordell move he thumb from she collarbone to the middle of she throat . ordell you scared of I ? Jackie shake she head from side to side without she eye leave he . reaches over the seat ordell you get a reason to be nervous with I ? with he hand on Jackie 's throat , stare into the woman 's eye , from below frame then feel something hard the fuck against he crotch . neither break eye contact . ordell hear a click . can not believe it . max in car Max take he key , then to the glove box ... the glove BOX the gun be go . max where be it ? a closeup of max's gun in ordell ordell' crotch ordell be that what I think it be ? jackie what do you think it be ? closeup gun in crotch ordell I think it 's a gun press against my dick . jackie you think right ... now take you hand from around my throat , nigga . ordell flash he hustler 's smile and let go . end of split screen Jackie turn ordell around , gun firmly in he back , and push he against the wall . ordell what the hell you doin ' ? jackie shut you ass up and grab the wall ! Jackie have ordell against the wall and be frisk he the way a cop would . she find the .22 pistol in he pocket ordell now , baby , that 's get nothin ' to do with you . I just carry that . you be listenin ' to they cop too much . jackie the cop do not try and strangle my ass . ordell damn , Jackie , I be just playin ' with you . jackie well , I be not playin with you . I be gonna unload both this motherfucker , you do not do what I tell you . understand what I be say ? ordell baby , I be not come here - she shove both gun in ordell 's back . jackie I say , you understand what I be say ordell I understand woman , damn ! jackie go sit over in that chair . ordell move over to a chair across from the couch . ordell still try bullshit ... ordell I be tellin ' you , that cop be fuckin ' wit you mind . they turn black against black , that 's how they do . jackie shut you raggedy ass up and sit down . ordell sit . jackie ( cont 'd ) put both hand behind we head . ordell do ... ordell this shit gettin silly now ... Jackie turn the halogen lamp to light . jackie I gotta tell you to shut up one more time , I be gonna shut you up . Jackie sit down on the couch , hold a gun in each hand , both point dead at ordell . a coffee table lay between they . ordell , hand behind he head , continue to mumble ... ordell I just come here to talk . jackie Way I see it , I and you only get one thing to talk about . what you willing to do for I ? ordell look at she a moment and say ; ordell well , I can get you a good lawyer - Jackie shake she head " no ! " jackie let 's get realistic , baby . sooner or later they be gonna get around to offer I a plea deal , and you know that . that 's why you come here to kill I . ordell - baby , I do not - jackie - it 's okay . I forgive you . now , let 's say if I tell on you , I walk . and if I do not , I go to jail . ordell , very interested . ordell yeah ? jackie one hundred thousand put in a escrow account in my name , if I be convict up to a year , or put on probation . if I have to do more than a year , you pay another hundred thousand . ordell just take in what the woman say . ordell I get a problem ... jackie all you money 's in Mexico . ordell have to smile at the woman . ordell yeah . jackie I be thinkin about that , too , and I get I a idea . time CUT : doorway ordell go through frame , out the door , Jackie step into frame , and talk with he . jackie I will talk to the cop tomorrow and tell you if it 's on . ordell ( o.s. ) talk to you tomorrow . ordell leave . Jackie shut the door , and leave frame . fade to black over black we hear a knock - knock on the door . fade up on : same shot dorway except it 's day . Jackie in a bathrobe step into frame and open the door . she say to the yet- unseen - by-camera visitor ; jackie you want you gun , do not you ? come in . I will go get it . she leave frame , and Max enter it , close the door behind he . Max stand by the door , a little surprised and a touch piss at the nonchalantness . as he stand on the threshold to she live room , wait for she to return with the gun , feel foolish , he think about haul she ass back to the stockade . that will change she expression , he would bet . she return from the bedroom , gun in hand , wear a sort of sad smile . jackie ( cont 'd ) Max , I be sorry . I be afraid if I ask to borrow it you would say no . you would have to . would you like some coffee ? then , as quickly as the anger rise in Max , it dissipate completely , leave only curiosity . max if you be have some . jackie I be . have a seat . Jackie head to the kitchen , make the coffee . Max sit at the dining table off of the kitchen . max you get a chance to use it ? jackie I feel a lot safer have it . my milk go bad when I be in jail . max Black 's fine . she put a finger in the coffeemaker and start scoop coffee in it . max ( cont 'd ) you want to hang on to it awhile ? it would not be legal , but if it make - Jackie go to the sink , fill the coffee pot . jackie thanks , but I have my own now . max you go out this morning and buy a gun ? she turn off the water . jackie what , I could not hear you ? max you go out this morning and buy a gun . pour water into the coffee machine . jackie let 's just say I get one , okay ? she turn on the coffeemaker . max somebody loan it to you ? jackie yeah . Jackie leave the kitchen . Max 's eye follow she to the live room . jackie ( cont 'd ) want to hear some music ? max sure . Jackie end she knee and go through a stack of record lean up against the wall on the floor . jackie I could not wait till I get home last night and wash my hair . max it look nice . she find a record , take it out of the pile , remove the album from the sleeve , and place it on she stereo turntable . max ( cont 'd ) you never get into the whole CD revolution ? jackie I get a few . but I can not afford to start all over again . I get too much time and money invest in my record . the song start ; it 's a old romantic soul music number from the early seventies . max yeah , but you can not get new stuff on record . Jackie pick up she cigarettes off the coffee table . jackie I do not buy new stuff that often . Jackie enter the kitchen door frame by Max . she light a cigarette and stand . Max listen to the soul song . max this be pretty . jackie uh-huh . max who be this ? jackie the delfonic . max ' 76 ? jackie ' 74 , I think . max it 's nice . they listen for a moment . jackie I call in sick this morning . as far as the airline know , I be still available . max be you ? jackie I do not know yet . be go to talk with dargus and nicolet today . do what you suggest . offer to help and see what happen . max what I mean be have a lawyer do the negotiate for you . jackie I want to talk to they first . I know more now about ordell 's money . max well , if the a.t.f. guy be the one who want you , that will only interest he up to a point . jackie it 's a lot of money . about a half - a- million dollar . all of it in cabo in safe deposit box and more comin in . max how would you find that out ? jackie he tell I last night . max he call you ? jackie he come by . max what ?... what would you do ? jackie we talk . Jackie go back in the kitchen . coffee 's almost there , but not quite . she pull down two mug from a cabinet . jackie ( cont 'd ) he have he doubt at first . but he 's always trust I a want more than anything to believe he still can . max why ? jackie he need I . without I all that money be just gonna sit over there in cabo . sugar ? max no thanks . there 's gotta be other way to get it out . she pour the coffee . jackie maybe , but be the only one he 's ever use . he can not trust he other people . they be crook . he can try bring I in himself , but ordell sure do not want to go through no custom line . either he recruit another cabo stewardess , or he continue to trust I . I make he feel he still can . Jackie walk to the table with the two coffee mug and sit down . max how do you get it out ? jackie same way I be don ' , but first they get to let I go back to work . max you be gonna offer to set he up ? jackie if I get let off . otherwise , fuck them . max it 's very possible ordell 's kill somebody . jackie I be not goin ' to jail , and I be not doin ' that probation thing again . Max watch she a moment Jackie take a drink of coffee . jackie ( cont 'd ) how do you feel about get old ? max you be not old . you look great . jackie I be ask how you feel . do it bother you ? max it 's not really something I think about . jackie really ? max okay , I be a little sensitive about my hair . it start fall out ten year ago . so I do something about it . jackie how would you feel about it ? max I be fine with it , or I would not of do it , I do it to feel better about myself , and I do . when I look in the mirror it look like I . jackie it 's different with man . max you know , I can not really feel too sorry for you in that department . Jackie smile . max ( cont 'd ) in fact , I would make a bet that except possibly for a afro - you look exactly the same as you do at twenty nine . Jackie smile into she coffee . jackie my ass be not the same . max bigger ? jackie yeah . Max smile . max nothin wrong with that . Jackie 's smile grow bigger . max ( cont 'd ) do something else worry you ? jackie I just feel like I be always start over . you say how many bond you write ? max Fifteen thousand . jackie well , I have fly seven million mile . and I have be waitin ' on people almost twenty year . the best job I could get after my bust be cabo Air , which be about the worst job you can get in this industry . I make about sixteen thousand , with retirement benefit , be not worth a damn . and now with this arrest hang over my head , I be scared . if I lose my job I gotta start all over again , but I get nothin to start over with . I will be stick with whatever I can get . and that scare I more than ordell . dissolve to : int . los angele police department - day a.t.f. man , Ray nicolet , move down the hallway of the big building ... ten head for the office of Mark dargus . he reach the close door ... rap on it . dargus ( o.s. ) come in . nicolet open the door , revealing dargus and Jackie Brown sit in the office talk . dargus ( cont 'd ) great , you be here . nicolet hey , Jackie . Jackie wave . dargus stand up and say to Jackie ; dargus let I have a word outside with agent nicolet for a moment ? jackie take you time . dargus thanks . nicolet well just be a minute . jackie can I smoke ? dargus go ahead . the two detective step outside and close the door on Jackie as she pull out she cigarettes . nicolet what 's go on ? dargus she want to make a deal . nicolet she sound scared ? dargus she almost sound scared . nicolet what 's she want ? dargus she want to go back to work . nicolet what 's she willing to give we ? dargus she have not one into specifics yet , she 's be wait for you . nicolet she know it 's my case ? dargus she be not say it , but she 's not stupid , she know it 's you who want she . closeup jackie Inside dargus ' office , smoking a mild Seven . dargus and nicolet come back inside . nicolet thanks for wait , Jackie . now tell I , what can we do for you ? jackie I need permission to leave the country so I keep my job . nicolet we can look into that . jackie I need it tomorrow . if I do not show up for work tomorrow , I be fire . nicolet you know what we want . jackie if I be work , I can help you . dargus help we do what ? jackie help you get ordell Robbie . nicolet oh , so now you know he ? jackie you never ask I if I do or not . dargus but now you be tell we now you do . jackie ' course I do - I deliver money for he . nicolet no shit . you know how he make hi money ? jackie he sell gun . nicolet you ever see he sell gun ? jackie no . nicolet then how do you know he sell gun ? jackie he tell I . besides , why else would a a.t.f. man be after he ? nicolet how can you help we ? jackie short of wear a wire , I will do everything I can to help you throw he ass in jail . and in exchange for my help , I need permission to leave the country and immunity . dargus you do not want much , do you ? jackie can you do it or not ? the two cop look at each other . dargus ( to nicolet ) it 's you call . nicolet look at Jackie . nicole it 's possible . fade to black title card : " louis gara &amp ; melanie " CUT to : fade up on on tv Helmut berger slap a woman in the face with a newspaper , proclaim he 's the " mad dog . " the film be a italian policier from the seventies . Melanie sit in a comfy chair long - way , bare leg hang over the arm . as she watch the tv , she pick up a big bong with it 's own handle . he take a hit . Melanie 's dress in she usual melanie-uniform of short and a loose top . the front door open , and ordell and Louis walk through it carry shopping bag . ordell we be back . melanie ' ola ! we notice that Louis be sportin ' new dud . Louis ' new " look " be a retro seventies - style bowl shirt and black jeans . Melanie notice the change . melanie ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , hey . I think somebody 's get some new clothes . ordell we be shoppin' . can not have my boy run around lookin ' like a bum on the street . louis I do not look like a bum . ordell but you do have a salvation Army - thing go . ordell notice the bong in she hand and the smoke in the air . ordell ( cont 'd ) goddam , girl . you gettin ' high already . it 's only two o'clock . Melanie smile . melanie it 's that late ? Louis sit on the couch . he smile at the comeback . ordell ha-ha-ha . I be serious , you smoke too much of that shit . that shit rob you of you ambition . melanie not if you ambition be to get high and watch tv . Melanie and Louis laugh . the phone ring . ordell you two a coupla cheech and chong , be not ya . ( he move towards the phone - to Melanie ) oh , that 's okay , I will get it . he pick it up . ordell hello. ( pause ) hey , Jackie ... ( throw a hard look at Melanie ) no , Jackie , I do not get you message . melanie I be gonna tell you ... ordell give she a " silence " gesture and look . Melanie trade a look with Louis like " I be in trouble , " all the while smile like a shark . Louis smile to himself . Melanie hold up the bong , offer he a hit . ordell 's on the phone . ordell no , not on the phone , let 's meet somewhere . but you gotta make sure they be not followin ' you ... Louis have the bong in front of he . Melanie stay in she chair long - way . louis be it ready to go ? melanie yeah , there 's another hit leave . Louis take it . ordell 's on the phone . int . cockatoo inn Jackie sit at the bar talk on they phone . we see both side . jackie the cockatoo Inn . ordell the cockatoo Inn ? where 's that ? jackie it 's right on hawthorne boulevard and Manhattan Beach boulevard . it 's red brick ... ordell oh , wait , you mean that place that have the big sign with a rooster on it ? jackie it 's a cockatoo . Louis exhales he smoke , do a older man cough . melanie you okay ? louis yeah , I be just gettin ' old . I can not smoke or laugh now it seem without cough . melanie cough open up the capillary . when you cough , you be get air - in this case smoke - to part of the lung that do not normally get use . cough 's good - get ya higher . my dad cough when he smoke all the time . ordell hang up the phone . ordell ( to Louis ) hey , Louis , I have to go out awhile . so since you like gettin ' high so much , why do not you stay here with Melanie , get high , and watch cartoon ? Louis with a smile . louis Way ahead of you . Melanie laugh . ordell take the remote control and turn the station till he find a channel with cartoon . ordell so you just watch this for the next three hour , and I will be back . then , when I be through with all my business , I will get high . I get high at night . walk I to the door , space girl . Melanie climb out of the chair and walk ordell to the door , ordell say to she in the doorway ; ordell ( cont 'd ) hope you do not mind keep he company . melanie no problem . ordell try not to rip he clothes off them they be new . Melanie give he a sarcastic , " oh , you be so funny " look . ordell kiss she quick on the mouth , then say past she ; ordell ( cont 'd ) I will be back in a hour , man . just hang with mel . ordell leave and Melanie close the door . she turn around and look at Louis . melanie want a metrix ? louis what 's a metrix ? she cross to the kitchen . melanie it 's like this major meal in a shake you drink instead of have a big meal . louis it 's a diet thing ? melanie no , it 's what body builder drink to beef up . louis no thanks . she go into the kitchen and start make she metrix shake . he look around and spot something interesting . two SMALL photograph in a clear , plastic frame . Melanie , circa 1976 , at about sixteen wear roller- disco skate . Melanie , in a green set , about five year ago , wear a pretty Oriental - style dress , with a " smile for the camera " look on she face . the photo be obviously a picture of Melanie with somebody else that 's be cut in half . somebody 's disembody arm still rest on she shoulder . Louis pick up the photo frame . louis how old be you here ? she look and see what he 's talk about . melanie which one ? louis the roller disco one . melanie fourteen . Louis walk over . louis you be fourteen year old here ? melanie yeah . louis I think you be sixteen . melanie I be pretty much the same height now as I be then . louis be you a disco girl ? melanie noooo , I be a surfer girl . besides , I be only fourteen . I could not go to discos . louis so where do you go ? melanie the beach . or get high , drop acid at a friend 's place . I be a k.l.o.s. girl . I hate disco . she hit whip on she blender . it make a infernal noise till she hit stop ! carry the blender full of metrix , she walk over and look at the picture . melanie ( cont 'd ) that be take at a place call " flipper . " it be in Hollywood . be you in L.A. back then ? louis no . melanie where be you ? louis Detroit . melanie with ordell ? louis we have do time together already . Melanie drink she metrix . melanie be you a disco guy ? louis no . melanie c'mon , do not lie . louis I do not like dance . melanie do you ever go I one ? louis I go to a few just to meet woman . but I do not like to dance , and it 's so fuckin ; loud . during that whole scene I just drank in bar . ( he point to the cut picture ) who do not make the cut ? melanie that 's a picture of I in Japan . louis you be to Japan ? melanie I live there for about nine month . louis you live in Japan , when ? melanie about five year ago . louis who 's arm be that ? melanie that 's the guy I live with ... he name be ... hir.hirosh . louis must of make quite a impression . mealine I never get to know he , really . I could not speak japanese , and he English be terrible . but I could not say anything , because he English be better than my japanese . louis that sound like a problem . melanie not really . we do not have much to say to each other anyway . I never get to know he that well , but I know enough to know I be not miss much . I keep that , because of all the fuckin ' time I be there , that 's the only picture I get of I in Japan . ( she point beyond she shoulder ) that 's Japan . Melanie look up at Louis . melanie wanna fuck ? louis sure . fade to black over black subtitle : " three minute later " fade up : louis lies on the couch on he back and Melanie sit on top of he . they be go at it like a couple of fuck monkey . almost on the fade up , Louis cum . melanie that be fun . she hop off and out of frame . louis yeah , that really hit the spot . melanie ( o.s. ) now that 's over , let 's get to know each other . int . music store - day closeup a rack of CD all beginning with " D " be flip through , till it stop on one CD , " the best of the delfonics . " Max be stand in he soul music section of a music store . he lift out the CD and turn it over . it have the song Jackie play this morning . he smile and take the CD up to the register . closeup the cockatoo inn neon sign , unlit during the day . int . the cockatoo inn - day ordell walk into the dark red cocktail lounge in the middle of the day and see Jackie sit at the bar drink a white wine . Old -school soul play on the jukebox . he sit next to she . ordell I gotta remember this place . this be all right . two minute from you crib , ten minute from you work . not bad ... a black bartender name floyd approach ordell . floyd what 's you drink , brother ? ordell screwdriver . floyd ( to Jackie ) how you doin ' ? jackie I be fine . floyd yes , you be . Jackie smile . floyd make ordell 's drink . ordell I bet you come here on a Saturday night , you need nigga repellent keep them off you ass . jackie I do okay . ordell you a fine lookin ' woman , Jackie . I bet you do a damn sight better than okay . you think anybody follow you ? jackie I do not think so , but it do not really matter . they know I be meeting you . ordell how the fuck they know that ? jackie I tell they . floyd come back with ordell 's screwdriver . floyd Three twenty - five . ordell dig in he pocket and give floyd a five . ordell keep it . floyd thank you , sir . floyd leave . ordell ( to Jackie ) you tell they ? you tell they it 's I ? jackie they already know it 's you . ordell well , shit . that do not mean you gotta confirm it ! jackie look , the only way I can get permission to fly be if I agree to help they . which be what I have to appear to be do . so I give they something they already know . you . ordell didja tell them anything else ? jackie I tell they you get a half a million dollar in Mexico , and you want I to bring it here . ordell freak . ordell you tell they that ? jackie it 's true , be not it ? ordell what the fuck 's that get to do with it ? jackie they know I be deliver for you . I mention the half - million - they do not give a fuck about that - they want you with gun . so I say , well , if you want proof he 's get pay for sell they , let I bring the money in . ordell what do they say ? Jackie smile . jackie yes . ordell smile . they both slap palm . CUT to : int . melanie' beach apartment - day closeup - Louis take a hit off Melanie 's bong . Louis and Melanie be back in the live room , kick back , take bong hit . as Louis get he hit , Melanie talk ; melani ... so first he try to get into the cocaine business but realize right away that shit 's too competitive . piss the wrong person off , you get shot . so he say , fuck that - move over to gun . you can sell gun wherever there 's a demand . no one give a shit . he act like he 's this big international arm dealer , when , come on , the only people he ever sell to be doper . Louis finish he hit and slide the bong back across the coffee table to Melanie . louis he seem to be make out . refer to the bong . melanie be it dead ? louis yeah . she start prepare a bowl . melanie well , so far he be . but you have to admit he 's not too bright . louis I would not go so far as to say that . Melanie still prepare she bowl . melanie he move he lip when he read , what do that tell ya . let 's say he 's streetwise . I will give ' im that . he 's still a fuck -up . she take a major bong hit ... hold in the smoke ... then while hold in the smoke , say ; melanie ( cont 'd ) he kill a man work for he the other night . louis so what be you try to tell I ? I should get out of here ? Melanie let out she stream of smoke and flash she shark smile . melanie that 's not what I be say at all . ( pause ) you know where he go ? louis no . melanie he go to meet that stewardess . louis do that bother you ? Melanie let out a sarcastic laugh . melanie please . louis you live with he . melanie I live here . he drop in and out . he tell you about that half - million dollar he 's get in Mexico ? louis uh-huh ? melanie course he do , he tell everybody who will listen . that 's what he 's doin ' with this stewardess . he 's scheme how he can get it over here . louis and you point be ? melanie let he and that stewardess get that money over here ... louis uh-huh ? melani ... and just take it from he . int . cockatoo inn - day Jackie explain the plan to ordell . jacki ... I make two delivery . the first one with ten thousand , like a dry run . they watch it . see how it work . then we do a second delivery , when I bring in the half mill . ordell naw , naw , that 's too much exposure . I be not goin anywhere near that money . jackie you do not have to . I tell them you be real careful . you never pick up money yourself . you always send someone , and I never know who it be . ordell that 's a good idea . jackie if you just listen , you will see it 's a damn good idea . the first time I do it they be lurking about . they see I hand the ten thousand to someone . ordell who ? jackie I do not know . one of you friend . ordell a woman . jackie if you want . ordell yeah , I think a woman . jackie the next trip , when I come with all the money , it will look like I hand it to the same one I do before ... ordell but you do not ? jackie no , I give it to someone else first . ordell and they follow the wrong one thinkin ' she 's bring it to I . jackie that 's the idea . ordell so we need two people , two woman . jackie can you cover that ? ordell I get the woman cover . where you thinkin ' about doin ' this ? jackie I be thinkin ' the Del amo mall . in the food court . ordell I suppose you see a piece of this for yourself ? jackie well , it 's my plan . we be in this together . ordell yeah , but it 's my money , and I do not need I a partner . jackie I be not you partner , I be you manager . I be manage to get you money out of Mexico , into America , in you hand , and I be manage to do all this under the nose of the cop . that make I you manager , and manager get fifteen percent . ordell manager get ten percent . jackie that 's a agent . manager 's get fifteen percent . ordell I will give ya ten . jackie plus the same deal as before . ordell I can do that . they clink they glass together . closeup digital clock it flip to 11:00 p.m. it 's now get late at night . Jackie come home . she 's dress differently than she be at the cockatoo . in fact , she look like she 's come home from a date . she walk into she bedroom ... kick off she shoe ... take she earring off , put they on the night - stand by the bed ... she see that she answer machine be flash . she hit play . we begin a slow zoom into the answer machine . never see Jackie again . the machine voice say ; machine voice ( o.s. ) you have on message . send at 8:06 p.m. Max 's voice come out of the machine . max's voice ( o.s. ) hi , Jackie . it 's Max . I be just call to find out how everything go today with a.t.f . if you want to call I , my home number be 555 - 6788 , or you can reach I at my office , which be 555 -b-a-i - L . that 's also on the card I give you when we first meet - I do not know if you still have that - but it 's on it - oh , let I give you my beeper number . it 's 555-7839 . okay , so I will talk to you later . hope everything 's well . bye-bye . machine voice ( o.s. ) end of message . fade to black fade up on : ext . del amo mall - day we se the huge Del amo mall from the parking area . a subtitle read : " del amo mall torrance , california largest indoor mall in the world " int . del amo mall - food court - day the Del amo mall on a lazy midday in the middle of the week . a few people , mostly black , mill around , but it 's not like it be on the weekend . the international food court , where fast - food version of international cuisine be available to all the hungry Del amo mall shopper . Jackie and ordell sit at a table in the food court . she drink a iced tea from teriyaki donut . a collection of Broadway shopping bag sit on the table . we join in mid-conversation . jackie the money 's in a Broadway shopping bag . I get some food , and sit down here in the food court . then you girl come - you get somebody yet ? ordell uh-huh . jackie who ? ordell what would you care ? jackie look , it 's my ass facin ' the penitentiary . you send some hard - head roc whore , and she fuck thing up . ordell I be not gonna send no roc whore . the woman 's cool , I promise . int . del amo mall - u.a. cinemas - day we be outside the Del amo ua cinemas , a six - screen theater that 's be in the Del amo mall since the early seventies . a small afternoon crowd be exite the cinema , have just watch they matinee . Max cherry be among they . he exit the theater , and stroll through the mall . back to jackie and ordell in the food court . ordell rise from the table . Jackie move a Broadway bag towards he . jackie do not forget you bag . he take it . we follow with ordell out of the food court , when he stop ... ... he see Max cherry strolling through the mall . ordell almost step into a store to get out of view . " what the fuck be Max cherry do here ? " as ordell watch , he see Max head towards the food court . max walk into the food court . he stand look a all the international fast food choice in front of he . as he try to decide , he hear from behind he ; jackie ( o.s. ) Max . Max turn and see Jackie site there drink she iced tea , smoking she mild Seven , and smile up at he . Max smile back . max well , hello . jackie surprise . he approach she table . max I walk right past you . jackie I know , ignore I . what be you up to ? max catch a movie . jackie what would ya see ? max " american prseident " jackie how be it ? max pretty good . I and annette bening be goin steady . jackie oh , be you ? do she know that ? max no ... ( sit down at the table ) ... I do not believe she 's ever hear of I . but that do not mean we be not go steady . back to ordell watch Max sit down and make himself comfortable at Jackie 's table . ordell ( to himself ) what 's up with this shit . back to max and jackie max I think fall in live with movie star be something that happen to a man as he get older . jackie do it happen to all man ? max well , I would never be so bold as to speak for all man , but as or myself and a few of my friend , that 's definitely the case . there 's a lot of actress out there you like , and there 's some you have crush on . but there 's always one who you love . and with she it 's sorta like go steady . jackie and annette 's it for you ? max for now . this relationship never last too long . with a smile on she face ; jackie that 's a goddam man for ya . can not even be faithful to a fuckin ' movie star . Max smile . jackie who be you girl before annette ? max Sandra bullock . you know she ? jackie yeah , she 's the girl who drive the bus in " speed . " she 's cute . max she 's adorable . but I have to end it . jackie why ? max I be old enough to be she father . jackie how old 's annette ? max I do not care . gesture to the Broadway bag on the table . max what be you , a bag lady ? jackie I go back to work tomorrow . max you talk they into it ? jackie they seem to like the idea . max bring the money in and they follow it ? jackie yea , but I be go to dress it up . put the money in a shopping bag and hand it to someone I meet here . max you do not actually do it that way ? jackie he always just pick it up at my place . but with a.t.f. involved , I want to stage it . you know , make it look more intrigue , like we know what the fuck we be doin ' . then it 's up to Ray nicolet , the a.t . f. guy to follow the shopping bag . max make the delivery somewhere in the mall . jackie right around here , in the food court . max sit down , leave the bag under the table ? Jackie nod she head " yes . " max ( cont 'd ) will ordell go for that ? jackie I be help he bring he money into America . he love the idea . you just miss he . max he be here ? jackie yeah , we be goin ' over everything . that 's why all the bag . max I call you last night . jackie I know , I get you message . Ray want to have dinner . he want to talk about the sting we be plotting . that 's what he call it . a sting . he 's be real nice to I . max you think he 's get a thing for you ? jackie maybe . but I be think it might be something like he want the money for himself . max I do not follow you logic . what do he be nice to you have to do with he want ordell 's money ? jackie he 's set I up to make a proposition . max I see . jackie you do not propose something like that unless you be pretty sure the other person 's into it . max have he hint around ? jackie not really . but I know this narcotic cop one time . told I that in a raid , the whole package never get back to the station . his exact word . max you know some interesting people . jackie we be not bullshittin ' either , ' cause later he be suspend and force to retire . max have nicolet tell you any colorful storey like that ? she shake she head " no . " jackie he try to act cool . max no harm in that . he 's a young guy havin ' fun be a cop . I know the type , trust I on this . he 's more interested in ordell than the money . if he 's gonna do anything suspect , it will be cut corner to get the conviction ; but he would not walk off with the money . it 's evidence . jackie what about you Max ? max what ? if I be in nicolet 's place ? jackie no , I mean you , right now . not it you be somebody else . max if I see a way to walk off with a shopping bag full of money , would I take it ? jackie you know where it come from . it 's not like it 's anybody 's life savings . it would not even be miss . max a half - a-million dollar will always be miss . jackie you be avoid the question . max okay , sure . I might be tempt . especially now , since I be get out of the bail bond business . Jackie look at he , " wow , that be a statement , " but she do not say anything . Max continue . max I have to stand behind all my active bond , but I be not write any new one . jackie why ? max a lot of reason . but the main one would be I be tired of it . jackie when do you decide ? max it 's be a long time come . I finally make up my mind - I guess it be Thursday . flash on : a release form with a date on it . Jackie 's hand be signing she name . we whip up and se she face , just as Max cherry approach she , hand she he business card . max hi , I be Max cherry . you bail bondsman . back to max and jackie jackie the day you get I out of jail ? max yeah , that night I go to pick up a guy . I hear he 's stay at this house , so I sneak in , wait for he to come home . jackie wait a minute . after we be together you go and snuck into a guy 's house ? max uh-huh . flash on Max be drop off Jackie at she apartment and say goodbye . max ( v.o. ) I drop you off ... Max find no gun in he glove box . max ( v.o. ) go to my office , find out you take my gun ... Max in he office , take another pistol from he drawer , and a stun gun . max ( v.o. ) get another gun and a stun gun ... back to max and jackie max and go to this guy 's house in El monte , and I wait for he . jackie what do you do when he come home ? max shoot he with the stun gun . while he 's incapacitate , cuff he , take them to County . jackie you do that ? max that 's my job . jackie do you do it that night ? max he never come home . but I be sit on the couch , in the dark , hold my stun gun and the whole house smell of mildew - so after a couple hour I think , " what be I do here ? nineteen year of this shit ? so I make up my mind , that 's it . jackie and be that it ? max more or less . Jackie take a pause before say ; jackie I be not sure you answer my question . max which one ? jackie if you have a chance , unemployed now , to walk off with a half - million dollar , would you take it ? max I believe I say I would be tempt . Jackie smile at he behind cigarette smoke . max do not even think about it . you could get yourself kill go to prison ... closeup jackie jackie what if I have figure a way ? hold for a few beat , then ... fade to black . title card : " money exchange 10,000 " over this card , we hear a airplane landing . fade up : closeup jackie back at work , stand at the exit of she plane . all the passenger be filter out . she say goodbye . jackie bye bye ... bye now ... Goodbye bye bye ... bye bye ... Goodbye int . lax parking structure - day Jackie , wear she stewardess uniform , walk into the lax parking structure , pull she bad on wheel behind she . nicolet and dargus be wait for she . nicolet we gotta stop meeting this way . Jackie smile . they all fall in step towards Jackie 's Honda . int . jackie' honda - day the two cop and the black woman sit park in she Honda . she , behind the wheel , nicolet next to she in the passenger seat , dargus in the backseat . nicolet have the flight bag in he lap . he 's take out the manila envelope with the ten thousand inside . they demeanor be very different from the first time they meet . the three now almost act like friend . dargus how be you flight ? jackie Fine . dargus Bet you be happy to be work again . nicolet this be a.t.f. agent Ray nicolet , Jackie Brown , ordell Robbie money exchange trial run . it 's three p.m. , July 4th 1997 . the location be the parking structure at lax . jackie what be you do ? point to a small mike on he lapel . nicolet I be recording this . jackie I think you be go to let this one through . dargus we be . do not worry about it . nicolet every step of this go in my report . ( back to report voice ) I be now take a manila envelope from the subject 's flight bag . he open it and take out the ten thousand dollar . nicolet ( cont 'd ) the envelope contain currency ... all the same denomination , one-hund - dollar bill . now , I be count it . dargus what time do you have to be there ? jackie four thirty . I be meeting a woman . dargus what 's she name ? jackie he would not say . you gonna follow she ? dargus she leave , somebody will be on she . jackie but you be not go to stop she ? nicolet finish count , then hush they up . nicolet the envelope contain ten thousand dollar . the subject will be deliver the currency in a ... jackie a Broadway shopping bag . she hold it up . nicolet a Broadway shopping bag . a large bag with handle and brown lettering . ext . del amo mall - day the huge Del amo mall . int . del amo mall - food court - day the Del amo mall on another lazy midday in the middle of the week . Max ride up a escalator in the mall . he casually stroll through the mall , go into a cappuccino bar call " busta cap " across from the food court . walk up to the counter ; max caf mocha . busta cap girl you want whipped cream on that ? max no , thanks . Max check he watch : 4:30 . he look over at the food court and spot Jackie sit at a table by herself . flash on : int . jackie' apartment - night Jackie on the phone with Max , dress for bed ( long t- shirt and panty ) . jackie think of it as money that should not even be here . I mean do anybody have a right to it ? int . cherry bail bond - night Max in he office on the phone . max the fed . it 's evidence . jackie it may be evidence once they get they hand on it , but right now it 's only money . back to max at the mall he ponder he word as he watch she from a distance . int . food court - day Jackie sit at a table by herself , eat japanese food from teriyaki donut and drink a iced tea . as she eat she hear ; young girl voice ( o.s. ) be this seat take ? Jackie look up and see a skinny young girl , black , quite pretty , no older than twenty . she hold a tray fill with taco , enchilada , rice and bean and a giant-size Coke . she also have a Broadway shopping bag hang from she arm . jackie have a seat . the Young girl do . Jackie look at she tray of food . jackie ( cont 'd ) you be hungry ? young girl yes be . it would seem we Young girl 's from the South . jackie put you bag on the floor , okay ? under the table , right next to mine . the Young girl who have not look right at Jackie since sit down , bend sideways to glance under the table . jackie ( cont 'd ) then when I leave , well , you know . what 's you name ? she look up ... young girl sherona ? ... then back down at she tray . jackie go ahead , start eat . sheronda start eat , head down , hunching close to the tray . jackie ( cont 'd ) would it bother you if I smoke ? without raise she head , she shake it from side to side . Jackie take out a pack of davidoff and light one up with she yellow bic . as she do this she observe sheronda eat . jackie ( cont 'd ) sheronda , can I ask you a question ? be you and ordell marry ? without raise she head . sheronda he say we like the same thing as marry . jackie do you live together ? sheronda hesitates , then say without raise she head . sheronda most of the time . jackie not every day ? sheronda look up at she ... sheronda sometimes every day , for a while . jackie then you do not see he for a few day ? ... she look back down . sheronda yes be . jackie you know what 's in the bag you be take ? sheronda he say be a surprise . jackie well , sheronda , it be nice talk to you . Jackie pick up sheronda 's bag and leave . int . del amo mall - busta cap - day Max drink he caf mocha san whipped cream , watch Jackie leave the Young girl and with Broadway bag in hand , walk out of the food court . Max watch she walk down the mall when two young man in sport coat , jeans , and cowboy boot step out of a B. dalton bookstore , stop she and begin talk . know they must be nicolet and dargus , he watch one of they take the Broadway bag from Jackie and look inside . they talk for a minute - it would seem about nothing too serious . Jackie nod she head , listen to the two cop , nod she head again , and then walk off . as he watch she walk away from the cop ... flash on : jackie and max on phone jackie you say it yourself . Ray want ordell , he do not give a shit about the money . money will not convict he , gun will . yeah , sure , if it fall in they lap , they take it . if they know they get it , they will look for it ... but if they do not ... back to max at mall Max watch the two cop turn they attention to the young girl eat in the food court . Max watch she , too . the Young girl continue to work she way through she mexican food , when she turn she head to a older black woman sit at the next table . the older woman say something , and the young woman hand she the ashtray Jackie be use . Max watch the Young girl finish she food and get up from the table . she stoops down to get the Broadway shopping bag and walk out of the food court . Max watch nicolet and dargus let the Young girl get a little ahead , then follow after she . they be go . Max turn back on the older woman all alone . she finish the coffee she be drink and stand up , carry - how about that ? - a Broadway shopping bag . the woman head out of the mall . Max follow she . the older woman walk past we . she head straight for the exit . ext . del amo mall - parking lot - day Max follow the woman outside . she walk down a line of car , then get in a big , tan mercury sedan . she drive of ... ... but not before Max write down she license plate number . flash on : max and jackie on phone max you be rationalize . jackie that 's what you do to go through with the shit you start . you rationalize . I can do this , Max , I know I can . but I can not do it without you . int . max's cadillac - day Max climb into he Seville , start she up , and drive out of the parking lot . closeup max driving down the street , lose in think . max ( to himself ) it could work ... if she handle the cop right , I could work ... he hit ' play ' on the dash CD player . the delfonic fill the cab of the caddy . CUT to : black a garage door be lift open , revealing ordell and Louis . ext . storage faclity - day ordell and Louis be at Mr. Robbie 's storage facility . a van be back up nect to the open . the facility be pitch black . ordell ah a big flashlight in he hand . ordell check this out . he turn on the flashlight . he shine the beam into darkness . we see the facility be fill to the gill with machine gun , shotgun , uzis , a rocket launcher , and handgun of many type . louis how much be there ? ordell over half - million dollar worth of merchandise . ordell open the back door of the van . they start unload machine gun and box of ammo . louis can I ask you about Melanie ? ordell sure . louis what 's you relationship ? ordell she one of the woman I get set up . I get Melanie in hermosa Beach . I rent Simone a small house in compton , and about four block away I get I this nineteen - year- old country girl name sheronda . I find she waitin ' for a bus two day outta Alabama , barefoot , country as a chicken coop . take she to my house in compton , tell she it be Hollywood . louis she believe you ? ordell Hell , yeah . to she dumb country ass , compton be Hollywood . Close as she 's ever be , anyway . they both laugh together . louis do you trust Melanie ? ordell stop unload . ordell if this be about you fuck Melanie , I do not give a damn . I be not a fool . I leave you alone with a bitch like Melanie , you be gonna be fuckin ' that twenty minute after I be out the door . so say " thank you " and I will tell you , " you be welcome . " louis that 's not what I mean when I ask do you trust she . ordell look at he . ordell she tryin ' to work you ass against I , be not she ? louis yep . ordell you do not even hafta say it . I know the woman . louis well , why the fuck keep she around ? ordell ( smile ) ' Cause she my fine little surfer gal . she can not do I no harm . fact she think she can play you against I show how little she know . you could teach that bitch for day how it be ' tween I a you , she never understand a damn word . louis why do you let someone know you business you can not trust ? ordell I do not hafta trust she , I know she . louis what do that mean ? ordell you can not trust Melanie . but you can always trust Melanie to be Melanie . Louis start unload . louis I still do not understand why you keep she around . ordell I tell you , man . ( smile ) she my fine little surfer gal . ext . melanie' apartment build - day extreme closeup - Jackie 's finger press a small black button next to the handwritten name , " M. ralston . " extreme closeup speaker BOX melanie' voice ( o.s. ) ( come out of it ) what ? jackie bend down to talk in the speaker . jackie it 's Jackie . int . melanie' apartment hallway - day Jackie walk down the hallway and find the door . she ring the doorbell . the door open , she see Melanie ( for the first time ) on the other side . Melanie , dress in a t-shirt , cut off , do not say a word - just turn around and walk away . once Melanie leave , she see ordell stand inside the apartment , screwdriver in hand , yell after Melanie ; ordel ... now she 's gonna pout ... he turn he attention to Jackie . ordell ( cont 'd ) hey , Jackie , c'mon in . Jackie step inside . she see Louis ( for the first time ) sit on the couch . ordell say to Louis , but loud enough for Melanie in the other room to hear ; ordell ( cont 'd ) she gonna hafta find she sandal ... find she bag ... find she sunglass ... take twenty damn minute get she ass out the door . ( to Jackie ) Jackie - he be Louis , Louis - Jackie . and the chick stompin ' around in the other room be Melanie . Melanie come out of the bedroom with she sunglass , sandal , bag strung across she shoulder and she key in she hand . she make a bee-line towards the door without say nothin ' to nobody . ordell ( cont 'd ) you have a nice time , hear ? the door slam behind she . ordell look to Jackie , raise he screwdriver and say ; ordell ( cont 'd ) drink ? jackie I need to talk to you alone . ext . melanie' apartment - balcony - day ordell and Jackie on the balcony . jackie I do not want no more fuckin ' surprise . we do this the way I laid it out , or we do not do it at all . ordell what the hell you talkin ' bout ? jackie sheronda passin ' the money onto someone else , that 's what the hell I be talkin ' ' bout . ordell how do you know she do that ? jackie I be there , I see she do it . ordell well , you be not suppose to be there . jackie I know , but I hang around , ' cause I figure you would try a ' pull some shit like this . ordell now , hold on there . I be not pullin ' no shit . it 's my money , I can do whatever the fuck I wanna do with it . jackie not when it 's my ass on the line you do not . we do this my way or fuck it . ordell try to stop the hostile back and forth . ordell just chill the fuck out , Jackie . it be not no big thing . the woman you see be my friend , Simone . she 's the one gonna be receive the money , so I just want she to see how it work . she will be here any minute . Nice woman , you will like she . ordell open the slide glass and say to Louis in the live room ; ordell Louis , call Simone and tell she to get she tail over here . we be waitin ' on she ass . Louis get up to make the call . ordell turn back to Jackie and smile , hold up he screwdriver . ordell ( cont 'd ) I be about ready for a refill . sure I can not tempt you ? int . melanie' apartment - day ordell and Jackie sit on stool around the kitchen counter / bar . Louis sit with they on the phone , silent . jackie nicolet and dargus stop I at the airport and mark the bill . ordell man , I do not like that part . jackie it wash off . I tell they we be do it the same way as before . they will follow sheronda . I hate the idea of leave she for a fall . ordell she will not have no problem ' cause she do not know nothin' . jackie be you sure she don ' know about the money ? ordell she do not know shit about the money . jackie what do she think she 's gettin ? ordell I tell she this be a game we rich folk play , exchange gift . like a scavenger hunt . she do not know what that be neither . ( to Louis ) no answer ? Louis shake he head . louis uh-huh . ordell hang it up , she 's on she way . you gotta listen to this . this involve you . Louis hang up the phone and join the debrief . ordell ( cont 'd ) no , you gonna give she a robinso n 's / May bag this time ? jackie right , the one Simone give I . Simone and I will make the switch at robinso n's / May . she know what I look like ? ordell she see you with sheronda . so Simone go to the dress department with she robinso n's / May bag . jackie designer clothes . ordell she wait for you to go in the place where you try thing on . jackie the fitting room . there 's a sign over the door . louis why we doin ' I there ? jackie I have a hunch they will be watchin ' I . we can not risk switch bag out in the open or even in the dining area . that 's why it have to be a woman , ' cause we do the switch in the fitting room . ordell so you come out with she robinso n's / May bag , go meet sheronda . Simone peek out , wait for my man Louis here to give she a signal nobody 's watchin' . she leave the store , get in she car - mission accomplish . jackie where you gonna be during all this ? ordell I be gonna be sittin ' at the titty bar in downtown L.A. till my man over here call I and give I the o.k. sign . Jackie 's pager go off . she look at it . jackie I gotta go . int . melanie' apartment - hallway - day ordell walk Jackie to the elevator . ordell who 's paging you ? jackie Ray , the a.t.f. guy . ordell that work on my nerve , you bein ' so buddy - buddy with he . jackie if I be not , this would not work . now once I deliver I will have to trust you . ordell well , I have be trust you all this time , have not I ? we agree on ten percent of what you bring in and that 's what you gonna get . they reach the elevator . she press the button . jackie and a hundred thousand if I go to jail . ordell we be partner , baby , sorta . I be not gonna screw you . you have not tell I where I put it for you . the elevator arrive . Jackie step in . jackie give it to the bail bondsman , Max cherry . he will take care of it . ordell Max cherry ? you and he friend now ? you tell he about this shit ? jackie he will not know where the money come from . only that it 's money . ... the elevator shut ... as it shut ordell yell ; ... ordell do not you know all they bail bondsman be crook ... ... the door shut . closeup ordell he do not like the last piece of new information . ext . the strand - day the strand be the hip surfer street in downtown hermosa Beach . Jackie leave the apartment building . she walk to she car when she spot a funky little beach bar call , " Sally leroy 's . " int . sally leroy be - day Sally leroy 's be a beach bar with surfboard , different beer sign , and picture of Marilyn Monroe , elvis presley , James Dean , Ann Margaret , and surfer riding monster wave all over the place . the jukebox play a loud seventies rock number . beginning of shot the camera pick Jackie up through the window , walk into the place and go up to the bar ... a female bartender in she mid-twenty , wear a plaid workshirt , name wanda , go to Jackie . jackie do you have a phone ? wanda yeah , it 's in the back . jackie thanks . ... we follow with she to the back of the bar ... the music be loud ... the phone booth be occupy by a fat older guy wear surf clothes and sport a mustache like a walrus . Jackie wait for he to finish he call ... as she wait , the camera move back ... until a blonde head of hair come into the f.g.... the camera move around to a closeup on melanie , suck on a beer , move she head to the music , and watch Jackie . she smile and step out of frame . end of shot Jackie hear behind she ; melanie ( o.s. ) hey ! Jackie turn and see Melanie hold a beer , stand behind she . jackie oh , hi. melanie buy ya a beer ? jackie I be wait for the phone . melanie good luck . that guy 's be in there since I get here . jackie well , I guess I better look for another one , then . thanks , anyway . Jackie turn to leave . melanie I know what you and ordell get goin ' . you sit down and have a beer with I . I will tell you a secret . Jackie look at she a moment . jackie sure . melanie great ... ( call to the bartender ) ... wanda ! wanda approach . wanda what ? melanie this lady be thirsty . wanda what do you want ? melanie what 's on tap ? wanda coor , Sam , Rolling rock , and killian 's Red . jackie killian 's . melanie better get I another Sam 's . ( to Jackie ) join I in a jaeger shot ? jackie uh-uh . melanie gimme one anyway . wanda you get it . wanda go away . Jackie and Melanie sit at the bar . the music be loud , and they have to talk over it . Melanie move she head to it during the conversation . jackie how long you be with ordell ? melanie this time ? almost a year . I have know he forever . jackie what be you two fight about ? melanie he tell I to go outside . ( imitate ordell 's voice ) " you may leave we now . " it 's all part of he pathetic attempt to be " the man . " you know Mr. Walker do not you ? Jackie nod " yes . " melanie ( cont 'd ) Mr. Walker 's my buddy . ask he about ordell . jackie that coke be yours , be not it ? Melanie make a face to show pain . melanie oh , man , listen . I be sorry about that . I hope they do not come down on you on my account . ordell shoulda tell you it be in you bag . wanda bring the drink . wanda Seven dollar . Melanie dig in she purse for the money . jackie he say he do not know about it . melanie ( digging in she purse ) you believe that ? yeah , well , I guess you have to trust he . ( pull out a ten ) I would have second thought on that , but then I know them . Melanie take she jaeger shot , let it go down , then continue . melanie ( cont 'd ) he kill a guy who work for he the other day . jackie beaumont Livingston ? melanie you already know that ? jackie kinda . melanie so tell I . have all that money in you flight bag - be it tempting ? Jackie nod ' yes ' , as she sip she beer . melanie ( cont 'd ) I tell you . if ordell ever send I to carry in ten thousand dollar , that would be the last motherfuckin ' time he see I . the next trip you be gonna have over half - a-million . if you think of cut ordell out , I sure as hell would not blame you . Jackie smile . melanie ( cont 'd ) you think I be kid ? jackie dream . melanie you know how easy it would be ? he will not be anywhere near that mall . pull one more switch , up front . that 's it . half - a-million dollar . need help ? jackie ( smile ) keep it between we girl ? melanie what 's that fucker ever do for we ? jackie ( get off the barstool ) I do not think so , but thanks for the beer . Jackie leave . closeup melanie watch she go . melanie ( softly under she breath ) Chicken shit . int . steakhouse - night Jackie and nicolet sit at a steakhouse eat a steak dinner . nicolet drink beer , Jackie drink white wine . jackie ordell have a white guy work for he name Louis . nicolet you two meet ? jackie this afternoon before I come here . he be with ordell at a apartment in hermosa Beach . I do not know if he life there , but I can find out . nicolet you talk to he ? jackie not really . nicolet his full name be Louis gara . he just get out from serve four year in susanville . jackie what for ? nicolet Bank robbery ? do you know what he do for ordell ? jackie I imagine shit need to be do . nicolet we have be follow Mr. gara , and he 's definitely work for ordell . flash on : nicolet and dargus in a car , park , on surveillance . cop Pov Louis with the van , at the storage facility . nicolet ( v.o. ) they serve two year together almost twenty year ago in soledad . but he do not live in hermosa Beach . ordell 's get he stay at a house in . mug shot simone the older woman in the mall . nicolet ( v.o. ) ... compton with a fifty - six - year - old petty thief - woman name Simone hawkins . back to bar nicolet ever meet she , or they talk about she ? jackie not yet . nicolet who 's the other one ? jackie White girl name Melanie ralston . another girlfriend of ordell 's . nicolet what 's she story ? jackie it be she coke I get bust with . she know everything , but she 's not part of it , and she 's piss cause she 's not part of it . ordell would not even let she stay at the meeting . she try to talk I into rip off ordell . nicolet and splittin ' with she ? jackie I be sure that be the idea . nicolet what do you say ? jackie I smile and walk away . she also tell I ordell kill beaumont . nicolet she tell you that ? jackie uh-huh . nicolet be she there ? jackie she do not say . nicolet but she mention beaumont by name ? jackie uh-huh . nicolet well , this sound like a lady I would like to have a word with . so everything 's set for tomorrow ? jackie right . everything 's the same , except one change ... int . jackie' apartment - night Max sit on the couch in Jackie 's apartment drink white wine . Jackie pace in front of he , white wine in one hand , davidoff in the other , go over the detail of tomorrow . one could notice a slight change in Jackie . there 's a bit of a edge to miss Brown that 's bubbling underneath she cool surface . it 's understandable . after all , she 's be the architect of this half - a-million dollar switcheroo . she 's move heaven and earth to make all the piece fall into place , and all the player thnk what she want they to think . as she talk to Max she know tomorrow all she hard work will either fail or succeed . but do not take this difference the wrong way . this edge I be refer to be not one bear out of fear ( Jackie 's nervous , but she 's not afraid ) . it 's more the edge a athlete might feel before a all-important competition . jackie I tell they ordell 's change the amount he 's bring in . max do you think they buy it ? jackie oh , yeah . I get they think ordell 's real nervous . they love think he 's scared of they . max you know , a good cop will not let you know he know you be fulla shit . jackie all he need be a reasonable explanation . dissolve to : back to jackie with nicolet medium jackie jackie right . everything 's the same except one change . ordell think it 's just too hot right now to bring in all he money . he know you be watch he , and he 's paranoid . he 's keep he stash where it be , but he want to bring in fifty thousand for bail in case he need it . CUT to : back to jackie and max max it will be more than that . jackie do not be so literal . Ray believe it . max but you still have to show he the money at the airport . jackie well , you know I be not go to show he the whole amount . he will see fifty thousand . max where 's the rest of it ? jackie in the bag underneath . max what if he check it ? jackie he will not - I mean , he do not the last time . he will be expect fifty thousand and there it be - on top . max you be takin ' a helluva chance kid . jackie not really . if he find it , I say Mr. Walker put the money in , and I do not know nothing about it . like the coke . max then you be out and you get nothing . jackie yeah , but I be not in jail and I try . max you be gonna have surveillance all over you . jackie that 's why you do not make a move till I come out of the fitting room . max in a dress . jackie well , a suit . there 's one I have my eye on . the phone ring . jackie ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . int . melanie' apartment - night extreme closeup - ordell on the phone ordell it 's ordell . we get a bit of a change in plan here . nothing to worry ' bout - everything 's the same - except for one change . that bitch you see in the mall , Simone . she be not here today , cause she split on I . ( pause ) I a Louis go over to she place , she 's go . she 's go and all she shit 's go and so 's my ten thousand dollar . ( pause ) it be not nothin ' to worry about , girl . everything 's just like we discuss . except when you do the switch , instead of Simone , it 's gonna be Melanie . Melanie be lie on the couch , sprawle out like a cat . Louis sit at the other end of the couch . they be watch " dirty Mary and crazy Larry " on tv . on tv Peter fonda and Susan George make joke as they be pursue by police car . they can hear ordell on the phone . Melanie smile at Louis , flirtatiously and conspiratorially lift she bare foot and rub he arm with it . Louis turn to she and give she a look that say : " I be not on you side , bitch . so knock it of . " Melanie see this and take she foot away . Louis turn back to the television . closeup melanie look at Louis for a moment , then sigh , say under she breath ; melanie Chicken shit . fade to black title card : " money exchange 550,000 " fade up : a graphic map with Mexico and California on it . on the Mexico side we see " cabo san luca " with a big circle around it . on the California side we see " lax " in a similar circle . the tiny figure of a black airplane appear in the cabo circle . with appropriate SOUND effect it take off from cabo , fly towards lax , leave a dot line behind it . the camera move into a closeup of the little black airplane . CUT to : closeup jackie look down ... int . airplane bathroom - day rearrang she bag . the five hundred thousand inside take up half the space . she tuck lingerie around the edge , cover the money with blouse , shoe , and skirt and tie I all down tight . then place a fat envelope with fifty thousand right on top . int . cabin - airplane - day Jackie step out of the bathroom , walk down the aisle , and be stop by a passenger . passenger listen , miss , I be wait for a drink and you spend half the fuckin ' flight in the can . soon as we land I be make a formal complaint . jackie why , because I call you a asshole . passenger you do not call I that . jackie I do not ? oh , well , you be a asshole . int . lax parking structure - day subtitle appear below : " time : 3:00 " Jackie step into the lax parking structure , pull she bag on wheel behind she . wait for she be Ray nicolet . nicolet we have to stop meeting like this . they fall into step towards she car . jackie you say that the last time . nicolet well , it 's true , be not it ? after he be buttone up we could meet someplace else . what do you think ? jackie we could , if I be not in jail . nicolet oh , that 's take care of . I call the State Attorney 's Office . you be no - file this morning in circuit Court . closeup jackie this information stop Jackie in she track . jackie be you say I be off the hook ? jackie' Pov nicolet , who keep walk when Jackie stop , look back at Jackie . nicolet free as a bird . I still expect you to finish the job , though . how much do you have this time ? Jackie start walk again jackie fifty thousand , like I say . he 's pretty sure he 's gonna need it for bail . int . jackie' honda - day Jackie and nicolet in the park car . Ray have the flight bag in he lap . he unzip it . he see the clothes with the envelope on top . Jackie watch all of this . nicolet that 's fifty thousand , huh ? it do not look like that much . jackie I be tell ten thousand in each pack . nicolet you do not count it ? jackie I never have . it 's not my money . he put the envelope back in the bag and feel through the fold of a skirt . nicolet he might have slip some coke in here . do you check ? Jackie , cool . jackie Mr. Walker promise he would never do that again . nicolet 's finger move to a pair of black heel wedge into the side ... they touch the shoe ... then move over to the envelope , open the clasp and take out five rubber - band bond packet of loot . jackie ( cont 'd ) ever be tempt ? nicolet what ? to put one of this in my pocket ? jackie uh-huh . nicolet if I do , I would have to give you one , would not I ? or we could take what we want . no one know how much there be except we , right ? jackie yes . all that thing be true . nicolet after all , it do not belong to nobody , right ? jackie that would be one point of view . nicolet yeah , well , it 's not a point of view that a.t.f. share . once we make it evidence , it belong to we . you be now officially out of trouble . do not do nothing stupid , now . jackie how can I do anything if I be be watch every second ? nicolet I be glad you realize that . save I the trouble of point it out to you . ( hold up the money ) put this in you shopping bag . it 's what I expect to find when I look in sheronda 's . comprende ? jackie si. int . max cherry office - day Max cherry sit behind he desk . winston powell , the big black guy from the photo , be at the other desk on the phone . Max look at he watch . subtitle appear below : " time : 3:30 " Max stand up , take the sport coat from the back of he chair , putsit on , and walk over to Winston 's desk . Winston , still on the phone , look up . max I be go out for a few hour . winston ( to phone ) hold on a minute . ( to Max ) where you go ? max I be go to Del amo , see a movie , get something to eat . winston watcha gonna see ? max whatever look best and start the soonest . winston have fun . Winston go back to the phone . Max walk out of the office . ext . sam' hoffin braur - day Sam 's hoffin braur ( german for beer garden ) be a strip joint bar in downtown L.A. int sam' hoffin braur - day ordell 's on the pay phone . a stripper strip in the b.g. subtitle appear below : " time : 3:47 " ordell what the fuck be you two still do there ?! int . melanie' apartment - day Louis stand in the empty live room , talk to ordell on the phone . kate Bush play in the b.g . louis I be ready to leave ten minute ago . ordell snap at Louis , not so harsh Louis be force to retaliate , but enough to express he loss of patience . ordell well , you the one in motherfuckin ' charge . louis well , she keep say ' in a minute . ' ordell go in there , snatch she by the hair , and drag she big ass out . this be my goddam money we be talk about . get you ass out the door . he hang up on Louis . Louis , piss at be hang up on and talk to like that , hang up the phone and turn he frustration where it rightly belong - Melanie . Louis stomp towards the bedroom where the music 's play . louis we be leave now ! melanie ( o.s. ) all right already . montage we see a montage of the individual character in route to the mall . jackie in she Honda , smoking a cigarette , look cool as usual , drive to the mall . her car play seventies soul . max in he cadillac Seville , cruise down hawthorne boulevard to the mall . he play hide delfonic CD . louis and melanie in Melanie 's Toyota drive towards the mall . Melanie drive sing along with kate Bush on she car stereo . ext . del amo mall parking lot - day Jackie 's car pull up to a line parking space in the parking lot . subtitle appear below : " time 3:52 " Jackie get out of the Honda with she flight bag . she go to she hatchback , take a robinso n's / May bag , line the first half of the bag with old paperback . then take out of the flight bag the envelope with the fifty - thousand mark dollar , take one packet of ten thousand , and put it in she pocket . she line the envelope with forty thousand across the book , then fill the rest of the bag with beach towel . then with she flight bag sling over she shoulder , carry the robinson' / May bag and with all the confidence of a world champion prize fighter go into the ring , she stride toward the hug mall . int . del amo mall - day Jackie enter the mall . she look at the people buzzing around . any one of they could be surveillance . she calmly walk down the mall , then turn into the roinso n's / May store . int . robinson be / may - designer clothes - day Jackie , in she cabo Air uniform , walk up to a young asian saleswoman name Amy in the robinso n's / May designer clothing area . the saleswoman smile when she see Jackie . amy can I help you ? jackie yes , you have a suit I have have my eye on . Jackie step out of the fitting room wear a real sharp , badass , black suit with a white blouse . amy oh , my God . you look so cool . Jackie move over to the mirror , and check herself out . jackie this look pretty good on I . amy be you kid , it look great . you wear this to a business meeting , you be the badass in the room . but you can go out dance in this too . it 's a total power suit . Jackie study she reflection . jackie I think I be gonna just get this for today . I be in kind of a hurry . would you mind ringing this up while I change out of it ? amy not a problem . jackie thanks . Jackie walk into the fitting room . int . fitting room - day she walk down the fitting room hallway with change cubicle on she right , enter the last one . she close the door and sit down on the bench in between she flight bag full of money and the robinso n's / May bag . a full - length mirror be straight I front of she . she look at herself ... when someone come into the stall next to she . Melanie 's voice come from the other side of the wall . mealnie ( o.s. ) Jackie ? jackie hi , Melanie . melanie ( o.s. ) be you get that black suit ? jackie yeah , do you like it ? melanie ( o.s. ) it look good on you . jackie do you get something for I ? melanie ( o.s. ) you betcha . a robinso n's / May bag , like Jackie 's , fill with towel , come slide underneath the stall . Jackie pick up she robinso n's / May bag , fill with book , towel and the mark forty - thousand dollar . she take the loose packet of ten-thousand mark dollar and lie it on top of the bag . as she do all this Melanie continue talk . melanie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we coulda work this . you know that , dontcha ? you would have make out a lot better than you be go to , believe I . Jackie slide the robinso n's / May bag with money under the stall . Melanie see the money on top and stop talk . jackie I put a little cherry on top . you be right . what the hell he ever do for we ? melanie ( o.s. ) ( quietly ) thanks . jackie now be careful with that bag . you do not want it rip open on you in the middle of the store . we hear the SOUND of Melanie leave . Jackie then transfer the half of a million dollar out of she flight bag into Melanie 's robinso n's / May bag . she stick she uniform in the flight bag . then take the towel and put they on top of the money . she grab she flight bag and leave , leave behind the robinso n's / May bag fill with half of a million dollar . int . designer clothes - day Jackie , look sharp in she new suit but act a touch frantic and anxious , walk rapidly toward the sale counter where Amy wait for she . jackie I be sorry , I just decide to stay in the suit - get out of that damn uniform . amy oh , that 's not a problem . as Jackie and the salesgirl complete they transaction the camera circle they , slowly at first , but more rapidly each go-around . they complete the transaction and as Jackie start to leave , she stop and say to Amy ; jackie oh , somebody leave a shopping bag in there . look like beach towel . she leave . we follow she ... int . del amo mall - day ... Jackie walk out of robinso n's / May hurriedly into the main mall . the calm , cool stride we be use to with Jackie be completely go . she stop , look around , head darting from one direction to another . she look in a panic . the camera begin to twirl around she . she seem to be look for something she do not see . she look helpless and on the verge of tear . as the twirling camera circle she , she scream ; jackie Ray ! Ray ! I need you ! come out ! she take the money . the camera stop twirling . nicolet , dargus , and two other plainclothes cop , come run out of a store towards Jackie . as they reach she , a frantic Jackie yell ; jackie ( cont 'd ) Melanie burst in the dress room and take the money ! CUT to : ext . parking lot - del amo mall - day Louis and Melanie pull up to a line parking space in Melanie 's Toyota . subtitle appear below : " time : 4:12 " Louis be the first out of the car . louis come on , goddammit , we be late ! int . del amo mall - day we stedicam in front of they , Louis the rapid pacesetter , pull Melanie behind he by the hand . Melanie carry the robinso n's / May switch bag . melanie Jesus Christ , get a grip , Louis . louis we shoulda be there already and we woulda be if it have not be for you fuckin ' around ! they go inside robinso n's / May ... int . robinson be / may - day ... we stedicam into robiso n's / May with they . we lose they for a moment behind rack of dress and mannequin , but end up landing on Jackie in she black suit , look in a mirror and talk to Amy on the designer clothes floor . am ... you wear this to a business meeting , you be the badass in the room ... we pan away and find Louis and Melanie by a dress rack , watch Jackie . melanie that 's a nice outfit on she . I be gonna go over and look at this michi Moon display . louis just stay right fuckin ' here , all right ? melanie be you sweat ? Louis ' hand immediately go to he forehead and touch dampness . melanie ( cont 'd ) job a little too much for you ? Louis shoot Melanie a hard convict look . Melanie smile at he , feel the stare , but too much of a natural - bear smart ass to change . melanie I will be over here . you be too conspicuous . Louis look over at the fitting room . Jackie be go inside it , and the saleswoman be walk away towards he . he watch the saleswoman walk by he , then look back in time to see Melanie enter the fitting room . louis ( under he breath ) goddammit , not till I tell ya . he decide he 's watch the fitting room entrance too much , so he start throw he look around when he see something that stop he cold . max cherry Max be look at dress , pay no attention to the fitting room . he think , ' what the fuck be Max cherry do here ? ' Max , do what he 's do , look up and see Louis stare at he across the floor . Max smile and give Louis a wave before turn he back to he and continue to do what he be do . he quickly look around the store to see anything else ; any more surprise guest , possible police surveillance . everything look normal . the saleswoman be behind the register ringing up Jackie 's purchase . the few customer there be do customer stuff . then he see Melanie come out with a robinso n's / May bag and head down a different aisle . he hurry down he aisle and cut she off . they whole fight be say tense and low . louis what be you doin ' ? melanie I be get out of here . what do you think ? louis lemme have the bag . melanie fuck you . I can carry it . she try to push past he , and he catch she by she arm and pull she around . louis goddam you . gimme that bag , melanie watch it , dipshit . you wanna rip the fuckin ' bag ? louis gimme that bag before I knock you out and take it . Melanie realize Louis be not fuckin ' kiddin' . not only that , this old guy look close to buggin' . she let go of the bag . melanie okay , okay . take it . Jesus , what 's wrong with you ? he take it . they start walk . we stedicam in front of they . louis I be carry it . melanie okay , you get it . just take a chill pill , for christ sake . Louis have have enough of she slang and say tensely through gritt tooth ; louis fuck you with you chill pill . in mid-walk , Melanie ask he ; melanie remember where we come in ? Louis stop dead . he look around , confuse . melanie ( cont 'd ) ( like a teacher on romper room ) nooo , that 's towards sear . we come in through bullock . I know where it be . want to follow I , Lou -is ? piss , he leave frame . Melanie , wear she Melanie smirk , follow behind . ext . parking lot - del amo mall - day Louis , clutching the shopping bag close to he chest , walk rapidly down a aisle of park car . Melanie follow close behind . we stedicam alongside . we walk for awhile , Louis change direction to another aisle . we're now in front of he . we see he have a search look on he face . melanie you have no idea where you park , do you ? Louis do not answer . Melanie laugh . melanie ( cont 'd ) Jesus , but if you two be not the biggest fuck - up I have ever see in my life ... how do you ever rob a bank ? when you rob bank , do you have to look for you car then too ? no wonder you go to jail . Louis could kill she right now . just take he gun out of he pants and shoot she in she snicker face . but instead of do what he want , he do what he should . he do not answer of look back . ( if he look back and see that melanie-smirk , he could not e responsible for what happen . ) he change direction , cut down another aisle and hope for both they sake she shut the fuck up . but we Melanie just keep on be Melanie . melanie ( cont 'd ) be it this aisle , Lou -is ? louis yeah , down the end . melanie you sure ? they walk it ; it 's not it . Louis change direction and cut between some car to the next one . melanie ( cont 'd ) be it this aisle or the next one over ? louis this one . melanie you sure ? in between two car , Louis spin on she . louis do not say anything else , okay ? I be tell you , keep you mouth shut . Melanie be surprised by the spin , but be about to say something anyway when Louis put he hand up and say ; louis I mean it . do not say one fuckin ' word . melanie okay , lou-is . that do it ! Louis whip out the beretta ordell give he , shoot she ... bam ... in the belly . she bounce off one of the car and go down . bam ... Louis shoot she again on the ground . one ; to make sure . two ; cause it feel good . then he hurry of for he car . we follow in front of he . he look around , then yell out ; louis see , just where I fuckin ' say it be ! he hop in the car , and throw it into reverse . we can se Melanie 's bare leg stick out from a row of car . Louis stop the Toyota alongside the dead Melanie , and yell through the passenger window ; louis hey , look . I find it ! he drive away . CUT to : ext . parking lot - del amo mall - day Max cherry 's cadillac Seville pull up to a line space in the parking lot . subtitle appear below : " time : 4:04 " Max get out of he car and casually stroll towards the Del amo mall . int . robinson be / may - day Max , hand in pocket , stroll unhurriedly through the robinso n's / May store . he walk around the store , keep one eye peel toward the designer clothes section . he walk up to a jewelry counter and begin look at he piece in the display case , when a pretty , young salesgirl come up to he . salesgirl can I show you something ? max not right now . I be just kill time wait for my wife . but thanks , anyway . salesgirl sure thing . if anything grab you , do not be shy . max thanks , I will not . she go off . he look towards designer clothes and see Jackie walk out of the fitting room wear the cool black suit . amy oh , my God . you look so cool . Jackie move over to the mirror and check herself out . Max look back to the jewelry display case , say under he breath ; max ( cont 'd ) ( low ) and away we go . Jackie look at she reflection in the mirror . then she lift she eye , meeting Max 's across the room . Max give she a nod of he head to show he approve . Jackie smile and break contact , turn to Amy . we hear she say from a distance . " this look pretty good on I . " Max hear a commotion behind he and turn to see Louis and Melanie hurriedly make they way towards designer clothes . he turn he attention back to browsing through dress on a rack . he see Louis and Melanie squabbling . he see Jackie disappear into the fitting room . he see Amy leave the fitting room entrance . he watch Melanie , by herself , watch Amy leave . Melanie watch the fitting room for a few moment . gather she courage , then make she move , enter the fitting room . Max smile to himself , " so far so good " he think . he throw a look towards Louis , only to see Louis stare dead at he with a unhappy look on he face . Max return the look with a smile and a wave then turn he back on he before he can see a reaction . Max continue he fake browsing . he see Melanie come out of the fitting room carry a robinso n's / May bag close to she chest . she and Louis disappear . he see Jackie come out of the fitting room , go over to Amy and buy the dress . Jackie go into she act , act agitate and distract as she talk to Amy , pay with cash , then leave stop to say ; jackie oh , somebody leave a shopping bag in there . look like beach towel . she 's go . Amy be leave alone by the cashier counter . it 's Max 's turn . as Max look at Amy , then at the fitting room entrance , he say to himself ; max Max , old boy . you have spend nineteen year deal with people who take incredible risk . you walk over to that counter , you be gonna find out what it 's like . Max take a few moment ... ... then walk over to Amy . max Excuse I , but my wife think she leave a bag of beach towel in the fitting room ? amy yeah , I think they be back there . go get them . there 's nobody in there . I think they be in the last stall . max thanks . Max walk toward the fitting room , enter it , walk down the length of stall , and stop in front of the last one . he open the door to the stall . sitting in the corner be the robinso n's / May bag . he walk over to it , lift out the towel , and see all that money . he replace the towel , pick up the bag and leave . he walk across the designer clothes , pass by Amy , say ; max get them , thanks . amy sure thing . Max walk unhurriedly toward the door that lead to the parking lot . ext . parking lot - del amo mall - day he 's outside ; nobody 's stop he . he keep walk towards he blue Seville . he keep walk unhurriedly , never look back . he get to he car , use open the car door as a excuse to look back at the mall . it 's normal . nobody 's after he , nobody 's watch he . he make it . it work . Max allow himself a smile , get into he cadillac with he half - a-million buck and drive away . int . sam' hoffin braus - day ordell sit at the bar in Sam 's drink a screwdriver and watch a stripper strip . bartender there a ordell here ? ordell that 's I . the bartender hand he the phone . bartender do not talk all day . ordell take the receiver . int . toyota ( moving ) - day a stress Louis drive the Toyota , call ordell on ordell 's tiny cellular . louis it 's Louis . ordell ( now into phone ) do you get it ? louis I get it . listen , there 's something else I have to tell you . ordell when I see you . pick I up at Sam 's . you count the money ? louis I have not even look at it yet , it 's still in the shopping bag . ordell Melanie must be dyin ' to see it . ( pause ) Louis . louis that 's what I get to talk to you about . you see , Melanie be give I a hard time - ordell - not now , pick I up . Louis hear the phone disconnect . ext . sam' hoffin braur - day the Toyota pull up to the back of the bar . ordell hop in , the car take off . int . toyota ( moving ) - day oredell in the passenger seat , bend over to the backseat , grab the shopping bag , and bring it to he lap . he look like a kid at Christmas . ordell you keep drivin ' down ninth , to where they get all they car dealership . we be gonna leave this heap in a parking lot and get one the cop do not know about . ( pause ) hey , where 's Melanie ? louis that 's what I gotta tell you . she bugge I the whole time . get pissy with I ' cause I would not let she carry the bag . start run she fuckin ' mouth ... I could not remember right away when we come out where the car be park , so she get on I about that . " be it this aisle Lou - be , be it that one ? " she be totally fuckin ' with my nerve . ordell so what , you leave she there . louis I shot she . ordell just look at he . louis ( cont 'd ) I expect she 's dead . ordell still do not say anything ... then say ; ordell you shot Melanie ? louis twice . in the parking lot . ordell could not talk to she ? louis you know how she be . ordell you could not just hit she ? louis maybe ... but at that moment ... I dunno ... ordell you shot she twice ? louis uh-huh . ordell so you be sure she 's dead . louis pretty sure . ordell where do you shoot she ? louis in the chest and stomach . ordell well , if you have to do it , you have to do it . what we do not want be that bitch survive on we . anybody but that woman . ordell shrug it off , and dig into the shopping bag . he pull out the towel and see forty - thousand dollar on top of a bunch of paperback . his stomach drop . he just look inside the bag for the longest time . Louis drive , oblivious to ordell 's dilemma . ordell ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) Louis ? louis ( not look at he ) what ? ordell where 's the rest of it ? louis ( look at he ) how much it there ? ordell maybe forty , maybe not that much . louis you say five hundred and fifty ! ordell ( calm ) so you light , be not you . you light about a half - a-million . louis look , that 's the bag she come out with . she never even put she hand in it , and neither do I . ordell come outta where ? louis the fitting room . it go down exactly the way it be suppose to . ordell how long be she in there ? louis maybe a minute . she come right out . ordell Louis , you tellin ' I the truth ? louis look , I swear to fuck god , she come out with that bag and I take it from she . ordell then what ? louis we go to the parking lot . ordell where you shot she . louis that 's right . ordell you sure she be not somewhere with a half - a-million dollar I work my ass off to earn ? Louis look at ordell ; louis ( quietly ) fuck you for ask I that . ordell pull the car over . Louis pull it over , and stop on ninth . ordell ( cont 'd ) what would you shoot she with ? louis it 's in there . ordell open the glove box and take out the beretta . he smell the end of the barrel . he release the magazine . louis ( cont 'd ) what 's that gonna tell you " if I be really pullin ' a burn , I would have take two out , would not I ? I think you trust I . ordell look at he . Louis do not burn he . closeup ordell he think . dissolve to : closeup jackie holding a bunch of money , look into the camera , and say with a smile ; jackie gotcha , nigga . dissolve back to : closeup ordell Jackie 's gonna die . he slap the magazine back into the beretta . ordell okay , so it be Jackie Brown . louis if she 's get it , why do not she take it all ? ordell ' fore I blow that bitch 's brain out , I will ask she . louis maybe the fed get it . ordell if there be nothin ; in here but towel , maybe she do not get a chance to take it from she suitcase and a.t.f. get it . but , she put this fuckin ' book in here to trick we ass . louis that 's why I never check it . the bag feel right . ordell then she throw forty thousand in here , to rub the shit in my face , know what I be say ? she want I to know she rip I off . louis I do not know . either she have it or the fed . ordell or ... ( pause ) ... she give it to somebody else first , before Melanie go in the dress room . it get real quiet in the car , as Louis remember something . louis Jesus Christ . ordell what ? louis you know who I see in the dress department ? ordell tell I . louis I do not really think anything of it . no - I do wonder what he be do there , but do not think it have anything to do with we . you know like maybe he be there with he wife or girlfriend . ordell you gonna tell I who it be ? louis Max cherry . ordell have to look away from Louis , take a beat , then look back . ordell you see Max cherry in the dress department . we be about to be hand half - a-million dollar - man , look at I when I be talk to you ! and you do not think nothing of he be there ! louis do Max cherry and Jackie Brown know each other ? ordell Hell , yes , they know each other . he bond she out of county . louis how be I suppose to know that ? ordell you know the motherfucker 's a bail bondsman , do not ya ? you know every last one of they motherfucker be crooked as hell ? louis why should I think anything 's weird , if I do not know nothin ' about they know each other ? ordell man , I do not want to hear you fuckin ' excuse ! Louis get mad . louis I be not givin ' you fuckin ' excuse , I be givin ' you reason . ordell oh , you gonna tell I the reason you lose all the goddam money I get in the world ! let I tell you the reason , motherfucker ! the reason be , you ass be not worth a shit no more ! Louis turn into the hard convict on the yard , and tell ordell ; louis ( hard ) you best back off . we hear a bam . Louis jerk . ordell shot he . Louis fall back against the car door , eye wide open , stare at ordell . ordell take the pistol , work the barrel up higher on Louis ' side , right under he arm , and shoot he again . this time Louis ' head bang against the car door window . he slump over - he life go . ordell look at he . ordell what the fuck happen to you , man ? shit , you ass use 'tat be beautiful . ordell take the bag and get out of the car , leave Louis ' dead body there . dissolve to : medium nicolet nicolet you do not tell I you be gonna do some shopping . int . nicolet's office ( a.t.f. headquarters ) - day Jackie , still dress in she cool black suit , sit in a chair in nicolet 's office . davidoff between the finger of one hand , she hold a small , white styrofoam cup of coffee in he other . Ray stand . jackie I think I do . nicolet you do not . I would think with all this on you mind , you would wait till after . jackie I get there early . I have have my eye on this suit - wait , let 's start over . I get there early . the idea be to try on the suit , see if I like it . if I do , get they to wrap it up , and change back into my uniform . that 's what sheronda 's expect I to wear . go meet sheronda , give she the bag with fifty thousand , and go home . nicolet but you do not do that . jackie because I do not have it . Ray , I swear , Melanie come in and grab it . ( pause ) and someone kill she for it . nicolet look at Jackie for a moment . nicolet where 's the bag she give you ? jackie she do not give I one . I tell you before , Melanie be not part of the plan . ordell must of tell she to do it . she burst in , grab the shopping bag , and take off . what be I suppose to do , go after she ? I be in my fuck underwear . I have to get dress before I could do anything . so I put this back on ' cause could put this on faster than I could my uniform . nicolet you take the time to pay the saleswoman . jackie I have to . I be frantic . I do not know what to do . nicolet what do you do after that ? jackie I go look for you . I go straight to the bookstore , ' cause that 's where you be last time , but you be not there . how the hell else be I suppose to let anybody know what happen ? you do not tell I how to do that , do you ? I know I be under surveillance , so when I could not spot anybody , I start yell . nicolet there be a guy with Melanie ? jackie not in the fitting room . CUT to : a young woman a.t.f surveillance agent pretend to shop . she watch Louis grab Melanie . nicolet ( v.o. ) we have we agent on you . she see a blonde come out of the fitting room carry a robinso n's / May bag and tussle with a tough - look white guy . the white guy take the shopping bag and they go . back to office nicolet this guy with Melanie , that be Louis gara ? jackie I do not see he . I be in my underwear . if it be a white guy , it be probably Louis . he kill Melanie ? nicolet it 's possible . you be say you do not have any idea what happen to that fifty thousand ? jackie I have no idea . nicolet you would take a polygraph on it ? jackie if it will make you happy . nicolet I sure hope you have not do anything dumb Jackie . dargus come to the doorway ... dargus ( to nicolet ) can I have a word with you ? nicolet sure . they both leave , leave Jackie all by herself in the room , smoking . they both come back in . nicolet continue , dargus take a seat in the corner say nothing . nicolet ( cont 'd ) Louis gara 's dead . l.a.p.d. find he dead in a car on ninth . and we have lose ordell . jackie I think you be watch he . nicolet we be , and we lose he . he walk into a strip bar sometime around three thirty and never come out . the bar be on ninth , less than a mile - and - a-half from where Louis be find dead . it look like Louis 's friend shot he twice at point blank range . jackie so what happen now ? nicolet we pick up ordell . we have get three murder we can link he to . we have the storage unit where he keep he gun , by tomorrow we will have a search warrant to go in and get he . and we have you . jackie what about I ? nicolet what about you ? jackie do you think I take some of that money ? nicolet I have no evidence of you take anything . you do not pay for you snazzy new suit with mark bill ; I be glad to see that . you have be help we out , you give we Melanie and Louis . Melanie have a packet of mark bill stuff in she short when they find she , which go a long way back up you story . Jackie listen . nicolet ( cont 'd ) I will settle for ordell with the mark bill . nicolet if you have something else go on you have not tell I about , it 's between you and ordell . all I gotta say be , you better hope we find he before he find you . dissolve to : closeup ordell on the phone . ordel ... I can not leave here today ... Mr. Walker , I be not goin ' nowhere till I get my money ... you would not have that fuckin ' boat be not for I . man , I be learnin ' real fast who my friend be ... Mr. Walker ? int . filthy apartment - day ordell turn to a glassy - eye black female junkie nodd on the couch name raynelle . the filthy apartment we be in belong to she . ordell can you believe that shit ? motherfucker hang up on I . ingrate nigger . do thing for people and that 's how they treat you . goddamn girl , how can you live like this ? he dial another number . raynelle ( stone ) like what ? ordell girl , this shit be repugnant . winston ( o.s. ) ( on other end of phone ) cherry bail bond . ordell let I speak to Max cherry . int . cherry bail bond - day Winston behind he desk , on the phone . winston he be not here right now . ordell he leave town ? winston he 's around . ordell give I he home number . winston I will give you he beeper . CUT to : a young black comedian on tv definitely Comedy jam play on tv , a black comedian do a nasty stand - up routine . int . filthy apartment - night ordell and raynelle sit on the couch watch definitely Comedy jam ; neither one be laugh . raynelle 's too stone . ordell 's too tense . the phone ring , he jump on it ordell hello . int . cherry bail bond - night Max on the other end behind he desk . Winston sit on the edge of the desk listen . max I have be look for you . ordell 's up and off the couch pace . ordell you know who this be ? max mister Robbie , be not it ? I have the ten thousand you put up . be not that why you call . ordell do not say anything . max ( cont 'd ) the bond collateral on beaumont Livingston you move over to cover miss Brown , remember ? ordell she get off , huh ? max they decide to no-file . tell I where you be and I will bring you you money . ordell do not say anything . max ( cont 'd ) you still there ? ordell looky here , I know you help she and I know you know what I want Jackie can tell I any story come in that pretty head of hers . Long as at the end of that story , she hand over my money . she do that , we be still friend . now , she do not wanna be my friend no more , tell she to think about ol ' Louis . and if she try to turn I in , I will name she ass as my accessory . we will go upstate together . Hand in handcuff hand . now that shit 's a promise , understand what I be sayin ' ? you tell she that , and I will call you back . ordell hang up . back in control . he look to the tv . one of the comedian crack a joke . ordell laugh . Max look at Winston . max you be right , that be ordell . you have time , you think you could find out for I where he 's stay ? winston cop can not locate he , huh ? max they do not have you win personality . winston sure thing . I do not have to know what I be do , long as you know . max I think I do . be that good enough ? ext . motel - night a low - rent motel . we hear a phone ring inside one of the room . int . motel room - night Jackie lie on a hotel bed , wear a long t-shirt and panty , watch tv that 's chain to the wall . she answer the phone . jackie hello . int . max's office - night Max on the phone in he office , alone . max I know where he be . this get she attention . she pick up the remote to the tv set and zap the sound . jackie how would you find out ? max all Winston have to do be ask around . ordell 's live in Long Beach with a woman junkie . jackie how do Winston find he if a.t.f. and all the local Police can not ? max people talk to Winston . he 's street , same as they , they trust he . they get bust , they know somebody who can bond they out . I think I might drop in on he . he will no doubt be surprised to see I . jackie he 's liable to shoot you . max on the phone I tell he I have the ten thousand he put up for you bond . I could bring the money and the papers for he to sign . walk out and call the sheriff 's department . Jackie get off the bed . jackie Ray want he . max everybody want he , he 's a homicide suspect . it do not matter who bring he in , he 's gonna name you as a accessory . Jackie light up a davidoff . jackie that 's why a.t.f. 's gotta make the case . I be they witness . they would not have a case without I . if it 's he word against mine , who be they gonna believe ? max it 's not that simple . phone in one hand , smoke in the other , Jackie begin pace back and forth . jackie it never be , so I be not gonna start worry about it now . look , Ray more or less believe my story , and he more or less do not care . all he really give a shit about be get ordell . max so how do we give ordell to nicolet ? jackie get ordell to come to you office . max set he up . jackie uh-huh . max tell he you want to see he ? jackie tell he I want to give he he money . max why ? jackie I have chicken out . I be afraid of he . he will like that . max what do you tell nicolet ? jackie ordell call and want to meet I and I be scared . max we get ordell to come to my office . nicolet - be he already there , or do he come busting in while we be chat ? Jackie take a drag . jackie he 's already there . max what if he hear something he 's not suppose to ? jackie well , we do not let that happen , now do we ? ext . filthy apartment - night Max at the front door or raynelle 's apartment . he pound on the door . ordell throw open the door . ordell what the fuck you doin ' knockin on the door like the goddamn police ? you lookin ' to get shot ? max I think you might be asleep . ordell you keep fuckin ' with I , you be gonna be asleep forever . he look past Max . max I be alone . ordell git you ass in here . Max enter , ordell slam the door . as ordell turn away from the door , maxis reach into he coat . ordell bring he beretta up at Max . ordell you better freeze , motherfucker ! Max freeze , he hand in he coat pocket . max you want you money ? you bond refund ? he take he hand out , it 's hold stack of bill wrap in a rubber band . he toss it to ordell , who catch it with he free hand . ordell that 's all ? max I have a bond receipt for you to sign . ordell you know what the fuck I be talkin ' about . you talk to she ? max she want to give you you money . if she do not , there would be cop batter - ramming the door right now . ordell how would you find I ? max Winston find you . ordell how the fuck do he find I ? max that 's what Winston do . he find people who do not want to be find . ordell well , bully for that nigga . you say she want to give I the money , huh ? max uh-huh . ordell well , give it to I then . max she want to give it to you herself and collect she ten percent . she also want to explain why she have to hold on to it . ordell I would like to hear that too . turn around and put you hand on you head . Max do this , ordell pat he down . max Jackie do not trust Melanie . she would already try to get Jackie to go in with she , split the half million amongst themselves . what she do be take quite a risk to see you get you money . ordell lift up you pant leg . you help she ? max all I do be walk out with it . ordell and you do that to protect my interest ? max in a way , yes . ordell my ass be dumb , but I be not a dumbass . go sit over there on the couch . Max do . max this place stink . ordell you get use to it after a while . now tell I where my money 's at . max my office . ordell and where 's Jackie ? max she 's be there since Thursday night . ordell she want to see I , why be not she home ? max she be afraid . ordell ( laugh ) that I gotta see . max she still be . she do not want to get shot before she can tell you what happen . ordell have she bring the money here . max it 's in the safe . she can not get at it . ordell call she , tell she the combination . max I be tell you , you get she spook . she will not leave there till you have you money and you be go . ordell you expect I to just walk in there ? max if she want to set you up , you would be in custody right now . when you say you would name she as a accessory she believe you . that scare she more than anything . ordell that 's why she 's givin ' up my money huh ? not that bullshit about Melanie . I do not trust she ass neither , but I know how to handle she . she be my blonde-head little surfer gal . I fuckin ' tell Louis he could have just give she a punch in the mouth , he do not need to shoot she . she 's at you office . max uh-huh . ordell by herself . that big mandingo nigga Winston be not there , be he ? max she 's all alone . ordell I call you office , she better answer the phone . max she will . int . cherry bail bond - night Jackie on the phone with ordell , sit behind Max 's desk . jackie I will be here . se ya ' in a bit . she hang up the phone . then start dial again ... int . ray nicolet's apartment - night a stedicam glide through the apartment , it fall on a beeper " beep " , a gun , a wallet and car key on a dresser drawer ... it leave that and land on a tv screen : Tom Snyder be interview a guest on he show ... it leave that and fall on two empty and one quarter - fill beer bottle ... it leave that and fall on a sleep Ray nicolet pass out in he recline chair . the sound of Tom Snyder and the faint beep be hear offscreen . ext . filthy apartment - night they leave the apartment walk to Max 's car . ordell all the time I have know she , I never hear she sound scared like that . ordinarily she 's too cool for school . I be drive , gimme the key . Max hand he the key . they climb in . int . cherry bail bond - night Jackie sit behind the desk . she open the drawer to she right , Max 's .38 sit there . she close the drawer . int . cadillac ( moving ) - night ordell behind the wheel , Max the passenger . ordell play the radio , he like the song and turn it up . back to jackie sitting alone in the office , she get up and turn off the light . the office go dark . no music . back to ordell and max the song play loud . ordell move he head to the music slightly . Mak sit silently in the passenger seat , sneaking a look at ordell every once in a while . back to jackie sitting behind Max 's desk in the dark . she take out she davidoff and light one up with she bic . her face be illuminate for a moment - then it 's out . she exhales a drag . no music . back to ordell closeup ordell his face be ice , the music be loud . back to jackie closeup jackie she 's cool as a breeze , smoking she brand . no music . back to ordell and max Music be loud . ordell 's drive . Max say ; max it 's the next street . ordell I know where it be . max turn leave . ordell I know where to turn . back to jackie sitting behind Max 's desk . headlights shine in the window . she be light by they . she put out she davidoff and sit back in the chair . the light source cut off . back to ordell and max sitting in the park cadillac . ordell have just turn off the light and turn to Max , beretta in hand . ordell my money 's in that office , right ? max uh-huh . ordell she start givin ' I some bullshit about it be not there . it 's somewhere else and we can go get it . ( he hold up he beretta ) I be shootin ' you in the head right then and there . then I be gonna shoot she in the kneecap , find out where my godamn money be . I go walkin ' in there and that nigga Winston or anybody else be in there , you be the first man shot , understand what I be sayin ' ? max yeah . ordell now , be there anything you want to tell I before we get out of this car ? max no. ordell you sure ? max yes . ordell you better be , motherfucker . ext . cherry bail bond - night they both get out of the cadillac . ordell stick he gun in he pants . ordell get ahead of I and open the door . Max step in front of he , put he key in the lock and open the door . ordell ( cont 'd ) step inside easy . Max do . Max see ; Jackie sit at he desk in the dark . ordell see this , too and move past Max . ordell ( cont 'd ) hey , girl , what the hell you sit in the goddamn dark for ? Max see ; ordell move past he ... then he see the bathroom door on the leave side of the desk open , throw light into the room , onto Jackie and the figure who step out of the bathroom ... Mark dargus . Max see ; ordell look to dargus , then back to Jackie . then Jackie say ; jackie Mark ... ( raise she voice ) ... he 's get a gun ! Max see ; ordell almost jump , he arm go to the beretta in he pants ... ... just as dargus raise he gun and shoot he three time in the chest ... ... ordell drop of the ground like a sack of potato , he land at Max 's foot . Max look down and see ordell 's head by he shoe , look of panic still on he face , dead as fry chicken . Max see dargus come over , bend on one nee next to ordell 's body . Max look over at Jackie , still behind the desk . she look eye with Max for a moment , then stand and walk over to the body . then Max see one sheriff deputy step out of the dark hold a shogun ... then another ... then Winston step out of the bathroom . dargus he 's dead . dargus look up at Max ; dargus ( cont 'd ) do he have the mark bill on he ? Max still shake ; max in he inside coat pocket . dargus reach in and pull out the envelope contain the forty - thousand mark dollar . Max look at Jackie . she look down at the dead ordell with no expression , just light up another davidoff . dargus look up at Max ; dargus why be you with he ? max I go to give he he refund , so he would not have to come here . dargus how would you know where he be ? max I find out . dargus and you do not tell the Police ? max I tell Jackie , and Jackie say you want he . dargus look down at he man he just kill . jackie remember when Ray say you hope you would get he before he get I ? dargus look up and nod he head . jackie ( cont 'd ) well , you do . thank you . she take a drag on she davidoff . fade to black int . cherry bail bond - day as oppose to the last scene late at night , it 's early morning . Max sit at he desk , fill out a report . a sub - title appear below : " ten day later " Max hear someone go ; jackie ( o.s. ) knock knock . Max look up and see Jackie Brown , stand in the doorway . she smile at he . jackie ( cont 'd ) hey . max flash on Jackie behind the desk . jackie ( cont 'd ) Mark ... he 's get a gun ! dargus shoot ordell , ordell drop . back to office Max smile back . max hey , you . Jackie walk toward he . jackie I get you package . it be fun get a half - a-million dollar in the mail . max less ten percent . jackie yeah , you fee . I have to figure that out , since there be not no note . she sit in the chair in front of he desk . jackie ( cont 'd ) only this be not a bail bond , Max . max I hesitate take that much . jackie you work for it - if you be sure that 's all you want . max I be sure . pause between they . jackie I be leave , I have my thing in my car . why do not you walk out with I ? I want to show you something . Max hesitates . jackie ( cont 'd ) come on , Max . I will not hurt you . he smile and get up from the desk . as she stand , Jackie say ; jackie ( cont 'd ) I see Ray the other day . Boy be he piss he miss all the excitement . max what 's he do ? jackie he 's on to a new thing . he 's after a guy who own a gun shop he say be " woefully and wantonly " sell assault rifle to minor . he say he 's gonna take he down if it 's the last thing he do . max do you tell he you be leave ? jackie I tell he I might . ext . cherry bail bond - day they walk outside and Max see ordell 's black mercede convertible . max that 's ordell 's . jackie they have confiscate all he other stuff . but this one 's sorta leave over . the registration 's in the glove box , the key be under the seat ... what 's a matter " have not you ever borrow someone 's car ? max not after they be dead . she walk around to the other side of the car , and look at he across the black mercede . jackie I do not use you , Max . max I do not say you do . jackie I never lie to you . max I know . jackie we be partner . max I be fifty - five - year old . I can not blame anybody for anything I do . jackie do you blame yourself for help I ? he shake he head ' no . ' jackie ( cont 'd ) would feel a whole lot better if you take some more money . max ( smile ) you will get over that . Jackie smile . max ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? jackie Spain . max Madrid or Barcelona ? jackie start off in Madrid . ever be there ? he shake he head ' no . ' jackie ( cont 'd ) I hear they do not eat dinner till midnight . Max do not say anything . jackie wanna go ? max thanks , but you have a good time . jackie sure I can not twist you arm ? max thank you for say that , but no . my business . jackie I think you be tired of you business ? max I be just tired in general . jackie be you scared of I ? Max smile and hold up two finger , close to each other . max a little bit . Jackie smile back . jackie come over here . Max do . they give each other a long , tender kiss . she break it . jackie ( cont 'd ) I will send you a postcard , partner . the end