fo ra '' ofu rc , on S I D E reayt 1 . on best original screenplay noah oppenheim jackie written by noah oppenheim fade in : ext . hyannis beach - day jackie kennedy . jet -black bouffant , regal bear , perfect symmetrical feature . but the light behind she eye have go out . she walk alone , shudder against a frigid wind . fade to black . super : hyannis Port , Massachusetts 1963 fade in : int . kennedy compound - live room Jackie -- black trim slack , beige pullover sweater -- pace at the window . finally , a cab pull into the driveway . int . kennedy compound - foyer a journalist the doorway . - handsome yet rumple stand uneasily in journalist Mrs. Kennedy ? they tell I to come up . she study he unkempt appearance , but do not answer . the journalist be perplex but strain to be gentle ... journalist ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry for you loss . i. Jackie take a long moment -- she voice raw ... jackie have you read what they have be write ? krock and merriman and all the rest ? journalist yes . I have . jackie merriman be such a bitter man . it 's be just one week and already they be treat he like some dusty old artifact , to be shelve away . ( beat ) that 's no way to be remember . journalist and how would you like he remember , Mrs. Kennedy ? suddenly stern , authoritative -- jackie you understand that I will be editing this conversation ? ( beat ) just in case I do not say exactly what I mean . journalist with all due respect that seem very unlikely , Mrs. Kennedy . Jackie stare at he , polite but firm . journalist ( cont 'd ) right . okay . so this will be you own version of ... what happen . holding he gaze , she refocus , prepare for a performance of sort . jackie exactly . come in . ext . kennedy compound - deck Jackie and the journalist sit across from each other at a table . she smoke a cigarette , lose in the horrible memory . jackie I think it be another backfire . ( beat ) I very nearly do not go . what if I would be here , or out riding in Virginia somewhere ? ( beat ) thank God I be with he ... she trail off . journalist why , thank God ? instead of a answer - . jackie do you know what I think of history ? journalist of history ? jackie I have read a great deal . more than people realize . the more I read , the more I wonder : when something be write down , do that make it true ? journalist it 's all that we have . jackie have . we have television now . now people can see with they own eye . journalist that tour of the White House you do a couple of year ago , for CBS , I always assume you do that for ... a purpose ? no ? after the fashion magazine ? you even win a Emmy ... jackie I do not do that program for I . I do it for the american people . journalist that program be my first glimpse into the White House and for whatever it 's worth , I think you be excellent , very poise . jackie thank you . a afterthought ... journalist you could have have a career as a broadcaster . I be sure . jackie what ? the journalist look up from he note . journalist I be sorry ? jackie what do you say ? journalist ( nervous ) I say ... you could have have a career as a broadcaster . jackie be you give I professional advice ? he shake he head , embarrassed ... journalist I be not . ( beat ) but I be sure that the whole country would like to know what you be go to do next . jackie I can assure you -- not television . she take another drag of she cigarette . CUT to : int . hallway white house ( 1962 Jackie be a year young -- at the height of she legendary beauty -- wear a floor - length , scarlet gown . jackie welcome to the White House . behind she be light and boom mic 's -- a full - blow television production . she stand face to face with nancy tuckerman , she social secretary . life-long friend , Nancy be Jackie 's less stylish , less successful sister . displease with the sound of she voice , Jackie lift she shoulder , she posture more erect . she try again . jackie ( cont 'd ) welcome to the White House . we be so proud to call it home . her brow furrow , still dissatisfied . nancy why do not you try ' the people 's house 's ? make it more personal . Jackie consider the suggestion . and now -- with that notorious , breathy diction ... jackie welcome to the people 's house . we be so proud to call it home . ( beat ) better ? Nancy nod . jackie ( cont 'd ) when will Jack join we ? nancy they want to hear from you . Jackie be skeptical jackie they think I be a fool -- one year in office , waste they money . nancy that 's why you need to show they what you have do . Nancy can tell Jackie be still uneasy . nancy ( cont 'd ) the President will join you in the Monroe room . at the end of the tour . you will be great . Jackie smile , grateful and take a deep breath . jackie stay close . nancy of course . you look beautiful . Jackie walk onto set and the tv light turn on . int . staging room - white house ( 1962 ) - continuous ** this be the legendary White House tour , broadcast by CBS on February 14 , 1962 , to a audience of 56 million people * * charle collingswood of CBS news narrate over black and white footage . collingswood ( v.0 . ) this be the White House as see from its South lawn . for the next hour Mrs. John f. Kennedy invite you to visit the President 's House and see some of the restoration she 's make in its interior . Mrs. John f. Kennedy , third youngest of the twenty - nine wife to live in the White House . Jackie 's beauty have be magnify ten-fold . her nerve have vanish . she smile , radiant , and the show be on ... collingswood Mrs. Kennedy I want to thank you for let we visit you official home . ( beat ) this be obviously the room from which most of you work on it be direct ... all around they , antique furniture be arrange in various state of restoration and disrepair . jackie ( playful ) yes , it 's attic and the cellar all in one . since we work start we receive hundred of letter every day . this be where we evaluate all of the find and see if we want to keep they if they will fit into we budget . collingswood Mrs. Kennedy , every first lady and every administration since President madison 's time , have make change great or smaller in the White House . Jackie steal a glance off -camera . with a quiet gesture —- Nancy remind she to smile . collingswood ( cont 'd ) before we look at some of the change you have make ... what 's you basic plan ? a beat , as Jackie consider she motivation . and then , from the heart - jackie well , I really do not have one . because I think this house will always grow and should . it just seem to I such a shame when we come here , to find hardly anything of the past in the house . hardly anything before 19 - 2 . off - camera Nancy look at she note , nodd along to Jackie 's word . collingswood now suppose you and you committee be to acquire some of the thing that be in this room , what happen when the next President 's wife come into the White House ? jackie well if they do not want it ... in the past , you see , they could sell it or throw it out . CUT to : ext . kennedy compound - deck - day Jackie continue the interview with the journalist . journalist and the talk of the tax payer money be waste ? jackie I raise every dime privately that we spend on that restoration . I love that house and want to share it with the american people . to impart a sense of America 's greatness . ( beat ) ( more ) jackie ( cont 'd ) object and artifact last far longer than people and they represent important idea in history , identity ... beauty . he scribbles down she remark -- all cold , abstract idea . and then , probing , try to find the emotion ... journalist I be sure the reader would like to know ... what it 's like to be a member of you family ? Jackie think -- and then ... jackie imagine a little boy surround by all this . have he older brother die in battle and then go off to that same war and come home a hero . people see that little boy , bear to wealth , privilege , willing to sacrifice everything for he ideal and service to he nation . journalist royalty . you make it sound like royalty . jackie well for royalty you need tradition . and for tradition you need time . journalist well I guess it have to start somewhere , right ? there have to be a day one ? CUT to : int . east room white house ( 1962 Jackie and Collingswood now stand in the sprawling East room . collingswood this be the East room , pretty much as Americans have know it now for sixty year . obviously you have not feel like you have to make any great change in it . jackie no , I think it 's lovely . I hate to make change really , so when you find a room like this , it 's wonderful . collingswood this piano bring to mind that this be the part of the White House where you have the musical affair ? jackie that 's right this piano be design by Franklin Roosevelt with the Eagle 's support . ( beat ) and this be the end of the room where Pablo casal play for we , where we have a portable stage build for we , when we have the Shakespeare player . collingswood Mrs. Kennedy , this administration have show a particular affinity for artist , musician , writer , and poet . behind the camera , Nancy track Jackie 's every move . collingswood ( cont 'd ) be this because you and you husband just feel that way . or do you think there 's a relationship between the government and the art ? Jackie pause -- clearly hesitant to tread on any ground resembling public policy . jackie that 's so complicated . i- I do not know . ( beat ) I just think that everything in the White House should be the best . intercut -- int . east room - white house ( 1961 the East room at its most glamorous . 10 . Jackie be seat in the first row of a audience listen to Pablo casal play Felix mendelssohn 's piano Trio no. 1 in D minor , op. 49 . Jackie be transfix . happy . int . east room - white house ( 1962 Nancy watch Jackie speak to Collingswood . jackie and if it 's a american company that you can help , I like to do that . if it 's not ... just as long as it 's the best . int . east room - white house ( 1961 push in on Jackie , bask in casal 's performance . captivate . the final note . the music end . CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room the interview continue inside . she sit on the couch now , across from the journalist . journalist be you faith help you ? jackie I would prefer to discuss my faith with a priest . you be not a man of the cloth , be you ? journalist no , I be not . I be just try to get to the truth . that 's what reporter do . jackie the truth ? well I have grow accustom to a great divide between what people believe and what I know to be real . will . journalist Fine , I will settle for a story that 's believable . jackie that 's more like it . you know I use to be a reporter myself once . I know what you be look for . journalist ( confuse ) I be sorry ? jackie a moment- by-moment account . that 's what you come she for , be not it ? ( beat ) you want I to describe the sound the bullet make when it collide with my husband 's skull . CUT to : int . AIR force one - presidential quarter - dallas , 1963 Jackie apply makeup in the mirror while practice a speech in Spanish . her delivery be practice , careful . jackie I be very happy to be in the great state of Texas , to be with you and experience the noble Spanish tradition that have achieve so much in Dallas . this tradition start 100 year ago before the colonization of Massachusetts , my husband 's State . it be a tradition that remain alive and strong . she put on she famous pink , pillbox hat and close the mirror . int . / ext . dallas - love field - day Jackie walk through the plane . she can hear the loud crowd outside . jackie ( hopeful ) be that the sound of bird ? play along with he wife -- 12 . president kennedy ( 0.s. ) not exactly bird . must be the ocean ... ( beat ) be you ready ? jackie ( ironic ) of course . I love crowd . the door open . Jackie walk off AIR force one onto the tarmac at love field . it be november 22 , 1963 . she be wear that pink wool chanel suit with navy lapel , a outfit that will soon be notorious but right now , in the morning light , be cheery and elegant , another fashion pronouncement by the most stylish woman in America . beside she be she husband , president JOHN f. kennedy . Jackie absorb the roar of the crowd like a physical assault . then see governor JOHN connally and he wife nellie wait at the bottom of the short staircase , flanke by a salute honor guard . the crowd be chant " jack - ee ! jack - ee ! " lyndon johnson you remember the Governor and Mrs. connally ? ladybird welcome to Dallas , darling . she carefully descend to the bottom of the stair , where suddenly -- nellie thrust a bouquet of red rose into she hand . a beat , as she eye the crimson blossom . and then -- shouting over the scream crowd ... jackie my ! what a welcome ! the Governor place a conspiratorial arm around the President and hold he for a whisper conference . amidst the chaos , Jackie turn around to face the crowd , which erupt in even louder cheer . she blushes , almost embarrassed , and respond with a demure smile . 13 . then she notice -- the President be on the move again . she hurry to catch up as he march toward the wait limo . Jackie hold a grin in place and methodically make eye contact with every voter on the rope line -- jackie ( cont 'd ) thank you . thank you so much for come ... CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room the interview with journalist continue . her voice quivering , a stream of consciousness ... jackie there have be the biggest motorcade from the airport . hot , wild like in Mexico or Vienna . the sun be strong in we face but I could not wear my sunglass . Jack have he hand out and I see a piece of he skull come off . it be not flesh color , it be not white . he slump in my lap . his blood , he brain in my lap . and I be say Jack , Jack can you hear I , Jack , I love you Jack ! ( through tear ) and he head be so beautiful , and he mouth be beautiful and he eye be open . I be try to keep the top of he head down . keep it all in . he have the most wonderful expression on he face , you know ? just before they would ask he a question , just before he have answer . he look puzzle . ( beat ) I know he be dead . she light a cigarette . the journalist look up from he note . journalist ( clear throat ) Mrs. Kennedy -- jackie do not think for one second I be go to let you publish that . ( more ) 14 . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you understand ? journalist yes , of course . I understand . the journalist look down . journalist ( cont 'd ) what do the bullet sound like ? push in on Jackie and ... slam CUT to : ext . presidential motorcade - dallas bang ! -- two motorcycle speed up to the President 's limousine as it race to the hospital . Jackie sit in back . her husband 's head be in she hand . slam CUT to : int . AIR force one - presidential quarter a tight close - up of Jackie . her wide - set , deep brown eye be blank , exhaust . her mascara be streak , she cheek scar with red-brown smudge . the dry blood of she dead husband . she stare at herself in the mirror . the pillbox hat be go -- cast on the floor -- and she usually perfect hair be tousle . frantically , she scrub at the blood , some of it still wet , with kleenex . she wipe at she reflection in the mirror . finally , she pat she face dry with a hang towel . then , notice she hair , she attempt to restore its shape with she hand . her hand quiver . frustrate , she let out a wrenching sob . and then -~ knock ! knock ! o'brien ( 0.s. ) Mrs. Kennedy ? be you alright ? it 's Larry ... she take in a breath , force she composure . 15 . jackie I will be ready in a moment . larry o'brien , the President 's congressional liaison and old family friend , speak to she from the doorway . o'brien take all of the time you need . with she finger she wipe the tear and blood from under she eye . jackie be they wait ? Jackie stare at herself in the mirror -- a macabre distortion of the picture from Love field that morning . int . AIR force one - conference room - continuous jackie' Pov -- president lyndon johnson , he wife lady bird , he aide jack valenti . congressmen albert thomas and jack brooks , stand by judge sarah hughes , who hold up a small bible . President Johnson hesitates -- but there 's no choice . he place he hand on the bible . Jackie pull back she shoulder , hold herself erect . judge hughes I do , solemnly swear ... President Johnson 's deep Texas drawl be uncharacteristically soft , subdued . he repeat every line after judge Hughes . president johnson I do solemnly swear ... judge hughes that I will faithfully execute ... president johnson that I will faithfully execute ... judge hughes the office of President of the United States ... president johnson the Office of President of the United States ... 16 . judge hughes and will to the best of my ability ... president johnson and will to the best of my ability ... judge hughes preserve ... president johnson preserve ... judge hughes protect ... president johnson protect ... judge hughes and defend ... president johnson and defend ... judge hughes the constitution of the United States ... president johnson the constitution of the United States ... judge hughes so help I God ... president johnson so help I God ... Johnson kiss he wife , then place he hand on Jackie 's a flashbulb erupt , capture the moment . president johnson ( cont ’d ) let 's start the engine and get some of the heat off this plane . thank you . valenti shake President Johnson 's hand and address he . valenti Mr. President . 17 . Jackie 's eye drift downward , blank . int . AIR force one - cabin - later Air Force one be airborne . Jackie sit , stare straight ahead . suddenly she rise and approach clint hill , the head of she secret service detail . jackie agent Hill ? can you tell I ... what. size be the bullet ? a beat of silence , everyone unsettle . jackie ( cont 'd ) I do not think it be a thirty eight , be it ? what do you call it ? the caliber ? it seem bigger . it seem like something soldier would use or maybe it be the kind they use for deer hunt .... o'brien ( very careful ) Mrs. Kennedy , you do not have to -- we do not know yet . no one answer . she become distant , lose in concentration . she turn to she husband 's oldest friend , the irish mafia -- kenny o'donnell , o’brien , and dave power . jackie we need to have the irish cadet . o'brien I be sorry ? jackie yes . the irish cadet -- for the funeral . Jack love they . he see they perform in Dublin last summer . o'brien of course , Mrs. Kennedy . we will make sure of it . jackie and that bagpiper from Scotland . what be they call , Kenny ? 18. o'donnell yeah . the Black watch . jackie that 's right . the Black watch piper . Hill approach -- hill when we arrive , we will be exite out the rear of the plane . you , the President -- President Johnson that be , Mrs. Johnson -- jackie -- why the rear ? hill there 's press at andrew . not to mention the security risk -- jackie I be suppose to hide away . now ? hill not hide -- Jackie 's voice rise , a unexpected anger - ~ jackie -- I be sure that people would love that . what do they call themselves ? the birch Society ? no , I will not sneak out the back door . ( beat , final ) I will go out the usual way . we all will . Hill be about to argue , but Jackie stare back at he -- defiant -- and he realize it 's a lose cause . hill I will arrange it . and now admiral GEORGE burkley interject -- burkley when we land , Mrs. Kennedy , we will need to proceed directly to the hospital for the autopsy . 19 . jackie ( aghast ) the autopsy ? ( beat ) be that necessary ? burkley I be afraid it 's require . jackie by who ? burkley the law , Mrs. Kennedy . she consider this . and then -- jackie and what exactly will they do ? burkley hesitates -- look to the other for help -- but no one know what she mean . burkley I be not sure -- jackie -- what do a ' autopsy 's entail ? I want you to explain to I . I want all of the detail . I be he wife - or whatever I be now . ( beat ) I want all the detail . will they slice he open ? lady bird johnson approach . nearly 20 year Jackie 's senior , she be a warm , maternal presence . Lady Bird move toward Jackie as if she might give she a hug - but stop short , repulse by the gore that still cling to Jackie 's dress . lady bird oh , darling . she take Jackie 's hand , instead . lady bird ( cont 'd ) can I send someone back to help you change ? before we land ? Jackie glance down at she dress and seem to take in the horror again , for the first time . 20 . lady bird ( cont 'd ) all that camera ... people will be watch . but Jackie be lose in she own world ... jackie there be want poster . everywhere . for jack. with Jack 's face on they ..... jackie ( cont 'd ) let they see what they have do . int . AIR force one - rear passenger cabin - andrews afb Jackie remain seat as the plane come to a halt she watch as a forklift pass by , head to the rear of the plane where it will unload she husband 's casket . suddenly , from the front of the plane , she hear -- bobby ( 0.s. ) Jackie ?! where 's Jackie ? she rise -- as attorney general ROBERT kennedy , he face streak with tear -- come rush down the aisle jackie Bobby ! she collapse into he arm and bury herself into he shoulder . amidst the noisy chaos of the now - crowded cabin , they be quiet . and then -- the rear door swing open , let in a gust of cold November air . the forklift be position directly outside , and several crew men now step onto the plane and take hold of the casket . a AIR force officer , in charge of the Crew , inform Bobby ... af officer Sir , there 's a car wait on the tarmac to take you and Mrs. Kennedy to Bethesda . Jackie be suddenly panicked -- bobby ( to af Officer ) Mrs. Kennedy and I will ride with the casket . in the ambulance . 21 . o' brien pull Bobby aside , but still in earshot of Jackie . o'brien valenti want to know how we be go to handle the exit . bobby the exit ? o'brien he say Johnson want to talk to the press . Jackie take Bobby 's arm .. bobby ( to o'brien ) he can exit however he want . we be leave now . int . ambulance ( moving Jackie and Bobby sit on either side of the casket . of calm after the frenzy at andrew . suddenly , it occur to she -- jackie the casket will be close will not it ? at the funeral ? bobby we can sort that all out later . jackie I want it close so badly , Bobby . bobby I be not sure it can be . for a head of State ... Bobby 's exhaust . jackie there be blood everywhere . there be so many piece . still rattle himself , Bobby try to comfort she ... a moment 22 . bobby Jackie ... jackie I try to hold he head together . the ambulance hit a pot-hole , and the casket slide -- slamm into Bobby . bobby ( to Driver , upset ) hey ! slow down . they sit in silence , stare straight ahead . int . bethesda naval hospital - private waiting room Jackie look in anguish at the door that lead to the operate room . she be surround by family and friend but nobody dare to speak . next to she be Nancy . also benjamin and toni bradlee , close friend . janet lee and hugh auchincloss , jackie be mother and step -father . pam turnure , jackie be press secretary and mary gallagher , she private secretary . doctor JOHN walsh , she personal doctor . o' brien and o'donnell be also present , along with defense secretary ROBERT macnamara . everyone look at the door . as it open and close we see the hospital personnel carry supplies and equipment for the autopsy . what follow unfold in a splinter haze of grief ... a tv set blast the news . walter cronkite ( on television ) the President be lie motionless in the car . Mrs. Kennedy be lean over he fully . connelly be in the backseat hold he stomach with both hand . Inside the emergency room witness say the first Lady be splatter with blood Jackie walk down the hospital hall , draw toward the autopsy room . but Bobby retrieve she ... bobby Jackie , Jackie ... 23. jackie make sure they make he look like himself . all around she , the room divide into smaller group . Dr. walsh , Ben bradlee , o'brien , and macnamara break off . Bobby confer with o'brien and o'donnell . Jackie find herself surround by Pam , Nancy , Mary , Toni and she mother . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( anxious ) where be the child ? janet they're with maud . she 's take they to the house in georgetown . jackie I would rather they at home . they routine should not be disrupt . janet yes . of course . mary I will see to it . jackie what do they know ? no one answer . Dr. walsh approach and greet she . dr . walsh you need some rest . handing she something ... dr . walsh ( cont 'd ) be there water ? Jackie accept the pill , eyeing it in she palm . she delicately swallow it . she drift through the room towards Bobby . jackie it have to be some silly little Communist ... ( beat ) ( more ) 24 . jackie ( cont 'd ) if he would be kill for civil rights ... at least then it would have mean something . you know ? wistful , weigh down with regret -- jackie ( cont 'd ) Jack warn I . Said we be go to ' nut country . 's but I think it be all go so well . Fort Worth . in Houston . all the problem adlai have -- Jack be win they over . Bobby try to calm she down . jackie ( cont 'd ) they keep hand I yellow rose . yellow rose . at every stop . yellow rose . then in Dallas ... Jackie trail off ... bobby I know . hey let 's turn this off . Bobby turn off the television . and now -- he whisper to Jackie , he own rage boil over ... bobby ( cont 'd ) they want a show of grief . they be already ask about funeral arrangement ! Jackie storm towards the operate room . at the last moment , right as the door open and she see the body of she husband , she cry out -- and Bobby pull she back . he hold she , consol she . later -- everyone sit the wait room , once again watch the news . walter cronkite ( on television ) President Johnson meet with Secretary of State Rusk . Minutes later there be a hastily add conference with Secretary of Defense McNamara . ( more ) 25 . walter cronkite ( cont 'd ) even at a time of sorrow the harsh fact of the cold War do not allow a pause in oversee the affair of Defense and foreign policy . there seem little doubt that McNamara will stay on under Mr. Johnson ... int . ambulance ( moving ) - night the ambulance carry the president's casket now wind through the darken street of we nation 's Capital . next to Jackie in the back of the ambulance , Bobby be in a daze . bobby lyndon 's people be claim I tell he to take the oath in Dallas . asshole could not wait and now they be blame I for it . Jackie look out at the glow monument , pass row of american flag outside government office , all fly at half - mast . suddenly Jackie lower the glass barrier separate they from the driver . jackie ( to Driver ) Excuse I . do you know who James garfield be ? a beat of hesitation , confuse . driver no , ma’am . she look to the nurse . jackie do you know who William mckinley be ? or what he do ? no answer . the Driver glance back to Bobby , look for help , but none be come . jackie ( cont 'd ) they be both US president kill while they be in office . ( beat ) ( more ) 26 . jackie ( cont 'd ) and what about abraham lincoln ? do you know what he do ? driver ( relieved ) he win the Civil War . he abolish slavery , ma’am . jackie that 's right . thank you . Jackie raise the glass barrier . she turn to Bobby -- jackie ( cont 'd ) Bobby , please tell they I want the book on lincoln . about he funeral . once again , they sit in silence . ext . northwest portico - white house - night the motorcade come to a stop outside the White House where a marine honor guard have take up position . int . hallway - kid 's room - white house Jackie arrive at John Jr 's room . carefully open the door and peek in . he 's sleep . int . jackie' bedroom white house Jackie , alone , survey she bedroom . her wedding photo sit on one night - stand , photo of JOHN JR and caroline on the other . finally , one button at - at-time , she undress and the chanel suit fall to the ground in a bloody heap . she cry as she take off she stain stocking . she scrub furiously at the blood under she nail . she step into the shower and the frost glass door shut behind she . she turn on the water . blood race from she hair down she back . close on Jackie as water pound she face ... 27 . she walk back through she room in a nightdress . she light a cigarette and lie down in bed with it . CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room Jackie smoke as the journalist finish scribbling . a beat of silence , and then -- journalist you will have to share something personal , eventually . people will not stop ask until you do . jackie and if I do not they will interpret my silence however they want ? ( beat ) her brow furrow . her lip be draw . she hold back she tear ... but she can not hide she anger . journalist most writer want to be famous . jackie do you want to be famous ? journalist no I be fine as I be , thank you . jackie you should prepare yourself , this article will bring you a great deal of attention . journalist in that case , any advice for I ? jackie yes. ( beat ) do not marry the President . the journalist look down , nervous and uncomfortable . jackie ( cont 'd ) be you afraid I be about to cry ? 28 . journalist no , I would say you be more likely to scream . jackie scream what ? journalist my husband be a great man . CUT to : int . jackie' bedroom - white house close on a etching of lincoln 's funeral procession . bill walton -- Jackie 's dear friend and cultural advisor -- trace the route as he speak . walton lincoln 's funeral catafalque depart the White House , and progress along Pennsylvania Avenue to the Capitol . Jackie stand next to he . her fair skin pop dramatically against she chic black dress -- accidentally the most beautiful widow in the world . walton ( cont ’d ) the next day it return to the White House , and then they walk all the way to St. Matthew 's in a long , grand procession . it be a sunny spring day . only six hundred ticket be allot , but thousand line the street and rooftop . citizen , Senators , Congressman , diplomat and officer -- all in they full dress uniform . Walton pick up a photograph . walton ( cont 'd ) lincoln 's mount , ' Old Bob 's be drape in a black blanket with white trim and tassel . hood , he be lead riderless at the head of a mile - long procession by the reverend Henry Brown . 29 . Jackie stop to examine a painting of lincoln 's casket lie in state . jackie I can feel Jack get angry with we . ' there you go , spend all that money on that silly little knick - nack ... ( beat ) the man would spend whatever it take for vote , but balk at buy a beautiful painting . ( beat ) I guess we do not have to worry about that anymore . Walton have no idea what to say . jackie ( cont 'd ) we must get this right , Bill . we must get this right . it have to be beautiful . ( beat ) do you tell they we will need a horse - draw carriage ? we have to march with Jack . everyone . a big beautiful procession that people will remember . walton Mrs. Kennedy ... you do not have to do this . jackie do what ? walton in fact , I do not think they will let you parade through the street . ( beat ) the world 's go mad . you should take the child and disappear . build a fortress in Boston and never look back . Jackie see the deep concern in he eye . before she can respond there 's a knock -— - nancy ( 0.s. ) Mrs. Kennedy ? Jackie turn to she old friend . 30 . jackie be the child awake ? nancy they be play in caroline 's room . Jackie consider this -- know she can not avoid the inevitable any longer . jackie how do I do this ? Nancy take Jackie 's arm to comfort she . nancy oh dear . it do not matter what you say . just hug they and tell they it will be okay . int . hallway - white house Jackie walk with Nancy toward she daughter 's bedroom -- a fierce determination in she eye . she be the executioner , about to kill she own child 's innocence . she stop at the threshold of she daughter 's bedroom , about to barge in -- and stop cold . inside -- caroline ( 5 ) and JOHN JR . ( nearly 3 ) be draw with maud shaw , they longtime nanny . Jackie give they one more moment , and then -- int . caroline kennedy bedroom - white house --step inside . the child both turn and rush toward she with delighted squeal . while Jackie embrace they , in hushed tone ... nancy what do they know ? maud I try to explain to caroline last night . she keep ask for he . but she do not understand . Jackie hug and kiss caroline and John Jr. , lead they to the bedside so she can sit at eye-level with they . 31 . caroline mommy ... why be you dress so funny ? jackie something very sad have happen . and this be how we dress when something sad happen . JOHN JR . mommy , where 's daddy ? jackie daddy will not be come home . caroline why not ? Jackie struggle . jackie daddy have to go see you baby brother Patrick . in heaven . caroline why ? jackie because I be here with you . and we do not want Patrick to get lonely , do we ? caroline but what about we ? jackie caroline , I need you to be a big girl . you can be brave , right ? you can be a soldier ? ( beat ) a very bad man hurt daddy . daddy would come home if he could . but he can not . he have to go to heaven . some understanding be beginning to build . caroline can I say goodbye ? jackie yes , of course you can , my love . 32 . int . east room - white house the room have be transformed into a hall of mourn . Walton have add some additional touch since the night before -- looping black crepe along the molding , a catafalque where the Shakespeare stage would have stand . Jackie be seat with caroline , John Jr , and Bobby . ( present be once again Jackie 's parent , Janet and Hugh auchincloss , and she half - brother jame auchincloss . but the kennedy clan be now also here in full . Bobby and ethel , teddy and joan , PAT and she husband peter , and they mother rose . behind the family be close aide o'brien , o'donnell , and power , along with they wife . ) John Jr , a restless boy , get up and walk through the room with a mischievous smile . Bobby follow , scoops he up and return he to they seat . Jackie hold John Jr 's hand and pull caroline closer . a beat -- as Jackie clock the anguish and pity on the face around she . she lower she eye unable to bear it . father kuhn requiem eternam dona eis , domine , et lux perpetua luceat eis . Te decet hymnus deus , in sion , et tibi reddetur votum in terusalem ... int . west sitting room - white house the immediate family have retire to the White House residence . Jackie stand with Bobby and Rose , the matriarch of the Kennedy clan . caroline and John Jr. play with maude nearby . bobby that be a beautiful mass . Jackie be drain and exhaust . the adrenaline of the previous day and night have long since wear off . and now Bobby notice -- across the room , President Johnson 's aide , Jack valenti , wait in the doorway . bobby ( cont ’d ) Excuse I , mother . Jackie . 33. as Bobby cross the room and confer with valenti , Jackie remain in she reverie . Rose turn to she ... rose have you start on the guest list for the burial ? jackie the what ? rose you will need to pare it down , dear . we can not possibly accommodate all this people at brookline . valenti ( hushed , but firm ) we need to discuss the funeral . we all want to follow she lead . but , we still do not know much about this oswald . there may be co - conspirator . bobby ( impatient , dismissive ) I will talk to she , but she make the call . valenti there 's also the matter of the oval . bobby what do you want I to do first -- plan the funeral or pack the furniture ? valenti I know this be all delicate . that 's why I be approach you . ( beat ) but a procession be insane . jackie brookline ? rose the family plot . I assume Jack will be bury with the rest of we . Jackie absorb this , silent , stare across the room . follow she gaze to -- 34 . valenti I just can not have my President walk . crowd full of people . give what 's happen . bobby you President ? valenti my President . bobby well , regardless of what happen , my brother be go to be carry in a box . valenti and I be sorry sir -- bobby fuck off , Jack . back to -- Jackie watch valenti leave the room . around she -- a new conversation - mother , Janet -- Nancy , Mary , and she janet averell harriman own at least four property in georgetown . I be sure he could loan out one of they ? Jackie seem completely oblivious -- nancy I will ask sarge to look into it . I be sure we have time . they can not expect we to move immediately , can they ? janet of course not . do not be silly . and then suddenly -- jackie lincoln 's widow die destitute . the other quiet , all turn to she . 35 . jackie ( cont 'd ) she move back to Illinois . have to sell all she furniture . and the Van buren 's and the Tyler 's too . ( beat ) she auction it off , piece - by - piece , just to keep a roof over she head . nancy that will never happen to you . but Jackie 's not listen ... jackie the collector we buy it from ... remember ? Bill and I have to haggle for every sofa and every chair . ( beat ) if I sell some of it back now , maybe I can put caroline and John through school ? CUT to : int . stair case - white house ( 1962 Jackie and Collingswood stand at the bottom of the staircase to the second - floor residence . collingswood this staircase go up to the second floor , which I know be reserve for the private live of the President and he family . I do not think any television camera or motion picture camera have ever go up there , cause that 's where you live . jackie that 's right . a beat , as she stare at the wall , line with portrait tracking the slow deterioration of abraham lincoln -- jackie ( cont 'd ) here be what the White House do to President lincoln . here be how he change . ( beat ) 1861 . the strong man with the arched eyebrow . ( more ) 36 . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) 1865 . one week before he assassination . int . lincoln bedroom - white house Jackie lead Collingswood into the lincoln bedroom . collingswood Mrs. Kennedy , do you spend a great deal of time in the lincoln room ? jackie it be where we live when we first come here , when we room at the other end of the hall be be paint ... collingswood it 's a nice room . be this a bedroom during lincoln 's time ? jackie no it be lincoln 's cabinet room . collingswood be all the piece from lincoln 's time ? jackie yes , they be . the most famous one , of course , be the lincoln bed . it be buy by Mrs. lincoln . along with the dress bureaus , and chair , and this table . she buy a lot of furniture for this house which make she husband rather cross because he think she spend too much money . Jackie turn to a small desk in the corner . a new reverence in she voice -- jackie ( cont 'd ) and on the table be the gettysburg address . close on -- that hallow word . jackie ( cont 'd ) this be probably the great treasure in this room . ( beat ) ( more ) 37 . jackie ( cont 'd ) and this sofa , and this two chair . lincoln they be sell in that sale I be tell you about . and they go to England and through man who all the descendant of the bring they there . CUT to : office - white house int . bobby kennedy Bobby sit behind press coverage ... here he Bobby look up to Bobby ? here he again . he desk watch the ongoing marathon of reporter ( on tv ) come , here he come . see Jackie stand in the doorway . jackie reporter ( on tv ) come out and down the hall lee harvey oswald ( on tv ) I really do not know what this situation be about . nobody have tell I accuse I do not anything except that I be of ... jackie mean to upset you mother . but brookline be no place to bury a President . Bobby look at she . he 's tired . quiet . the tv interrupt they . a reporter shouting a question to oswald ... do you reporter ( on tv ) kill the President ? lee harvey oswald ( on tv ) no I have not be charge with that . that to in fact , nobody have say I yet . ( more ) 38 . lee harvey oswald ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) first thing I hear about it be when the newspaper reporter in the hall .. CUT to : ext . arlington national cemetery - day a sea of familiar white cross the 420 acre of arlington national cemetery be shroud in rain and mist . a motorcade of black lincoln wind through the row of grave , finally pull to a stop . Jackie stride forth under a canopy of umbrella , accompany by Bobby and Walton . she 's greet by the cemetery 's superintendent JOHN metzler -- soak to the bone . metzler ( nervous , awkward ) welcome to Arlington , Mrs. Kennedy . Jackie shiver in the damp cold . jackie thank you . ext . arlington national cemetery - later Jackie lead a long procession of aide and secret service -- trudging through the mud and endless grave . metzler the third option be just down there . at the base of the hill . ahead be a sprawling green slope , atop of which be ROBERT E. lee' mansion , a massive Greek - revival structure of white marble , with 8 thick , impose athenian column . metzler stop at the base of the hill , and the other survey the surroundings . bobby what do you think Ken ? o'donnell I do like dewey Circle . if we could get rid of the leave in time . 39 . metzler Problem there be not just the leave . it 's the access road . close on Jackie -- as the mens 's voice now fade , a trance settling . suddenly , Jackie step out from under the umbrella -- into the rain -- inexorably draw toward the hill . bobby Jackie ?! but she ignore he . Bobby grab a umbrella , struggle to follow and keep she under cover . bobby ( cont ’d ) where be we go ? jackie he can not just be bury anywhere . he deserve more . they keep walk . bobby watch you step . she stumble . bobby ( cont ’d ) be you alright ? jackie my shoe be stick in the mud . she keep walk . finally , she 's at the front of lee mansion stare down . jackie' Pov -- endless grave and mist below . Jackie make eye contact with Walton . he simply nod . Walton turn to metzler , who 's hold a wooden stake . metzler hand he the stake , and Walton walk directly to a spot in the center of the hill , drive it into the ground . but Jackie be not satisfied . she pull out the stake , walk a few foot to the right , and drive it back into the ground . it 's settle . moment later -- still Natalie portman and Peter sarsgaard Natalie portman Natalie portman billy crudup and Natalie portman Natalie portman Max casella , Beth grant , Peter sarsgaard , Natalie portman , greta gerwig and Richard E. grant 40 . Jackie walk with Bobby through the cemetery . bobby I think maybe you should talk to a Priest . jackie maybe. ( beat ) Bobby , I want to talk to the press . bobby no . you let Dave handle that . CUT to : ext . kennedy compound - deck the journalist scribbles while Jackie talk ... jackie you know ... that first night , Bob McNamara , he say he would buy back we old house for we in georgetown . ( beat ) I do not really have thing . I do not even have a home . journalist and what about this house ? jackie this ? it 's awfully cold . journalist well you could light a fire . invite people over . the party that you throw at the White House , nobody have ever see anything like that . private concert with artist and friend drink champagne and sing - jackie be you suggest I throw a party ? journalist well , no , not now , obviously . I be only suggest that you have bring life to a cold house before . 4l . jackie that house be not mine . neither be this one . ( beat ) nothing be ever mine . not to keep , anyway . journalist leave that house must have be very difficult . jackie a first Lady must always be ready to pack she suitcase . it 's inevitable . CUT to : ext . white house - balcony Jackie and Bobby talk outside in the cold . bobby we have find bed for almost all the family . Truman be at Blair House . there be a brief crisis about he not have a driver , but ike offer he . ( beat ) we be run a bed and breakfast . they share the faintest hint of a smile . bobby ( cont 'd ) lyndon just want to move into the oval . he want to address Congress . I will hold he off as long as I can . but it have to happen sooner or later . Jackie do not answer , digest the inevitable . tread lightly -- bobby ( cont 'd ) Jackie ... they be worried about a outdoor procession . they think it 's a security risk . everyone 's spook . apparently even State 's discouraging foreign dignitary from attend . Jackie do not respond . try to reason with she 42 . bobby ( cont 'd ) it 's eight city block to Saint matthews . that 's a long way to be strolling through crowd . ( beat ) all that rooftop . all that window ... Bobby trail off . Jackie hold he gaze . jackie ( firm ) Bobby it 's we last chance . we have to march with he . CUT to : int . jackie' bedroom - white house Jackie sit alone , wear a bathrobe , drink vodka in she darken room . outside , night have fall and all be quiet -- but she can not sleep . restless , she rise . int . presidential bedroom - white house Jackie step inside another dark , still room . pause in the threshold , she listen for sound in the hall . she 's visibly tense , clearly a stranger to this space . only when she 's confident that she 's alone do she take a breath and look around -- at she husband 's private bedroom . at the room 's center -- a four-poster bed , stain wood , very masculine . Jackie walk to the edge of the empty bed . she 's dress up for she husband -- but he 's not there . she turn to the Victrola on the night stand and turn it on . as camelot begin to play ... Jackie move to the bedside table -- stack high with book and bottle of pain killer . 43 . one-by-one , she pick they up , read the book 's spine and medicine label . she turn to the credenza -- a line of photo . President Kennedy with family , political dignitaries and movie star . int . jackie' bedroom white house Jackie survey she famous wardrobe . she take a swig from she glass and set it on the shelf . then she drop she robe . Jackie pull a chanel gown off the rack and step into it . a beat , as she consider herself in the mirror . she 's as gorgeous as ever , but she do not like what she see . Jackie step out of the gown , leave it on the floor . another swig from that bottle and she pull another dress from a hangar . and now , quick cut -- Jackie dressing and undressing , compulsively cycle through she wardrobe of designer outfit while she drink . also -- earring and necklace , one - after - the-other , in a frenzy . finally , the bottle be empty -- and a pile of discard clothes lie at she foot . now , Jackie stumble to she dressing table and take out she make - up . with a unsteady hand , she go to work with she eyeliner , lipstick and mascara . she rise and exit . int . oval office - white house she slowly enter and approach the President 's desk . she sit still in he seat , tear run down she face . Jackie stare into the distance -- as camelot end . CUT to : 44 , int . kennedy compound - live room Jackie sit face the journalist . jackie how would you write that ? journalist she light yet another cigarette and through she soft sob , explain -- Jack be not perfect . but he be perfect for we country . ( beat ) and I ask about he flaw , and she explain -- jackie ( play along ) -- perfect people can not change . Jack be always get better ... stronger . ( beat ) sometimes he would walk into the desert , alone , just to let himself be tempt by the devil . but he always come back to we , he beloved family . a beat -- as Jackie exhales she cigarette . jackie ( cont 'd ) and I do not smoke . CUT to : int . limousine Jackie sit in the backseat of a limousine . where - or when -- we be be not clear . another ' interview 's -- this one with a priest , who sit across from she . jackie I should not say this thing .. priest that 's why you be here , be not it ? to talk about what happen ? jackie be this a confession ? 45 . priest only if there 's something you regret . resisting ... jackie everyone know my story . priest God be not interested in storey . he 's interested in truth . jackie I come here look for sympathy , Father . priest of course . jackie Father , be you listen ? priest I be listen . yes , I think so . they conversation move to ... ext . park - outside WASHINGTON , DC Jackie and the Priest walk down a long path . jackie I think God be cruel . priest well now you be get into trouble . ( beat ) God be love . and God be everywhere . she have he trap . jackie be he in the bullet that kill Jack ? all the Priest 's answer be defiant and firm -- priest absolutely . 46 . jackie be he inside I right now ? priest yes . of course he be . jackie ( weary ) well that 's a funny game he play -- hide all the time . priest the fact that we do not understand he be not funny at all . later - on a bench now ... jackie if there 's a heaven , there 's you God -- with all he empty promise . ( angry ) what kind of God take a father from he two little child ?! priest thy Lord sacrifice he only son -- Jackie cut off he pat reply -- she look jackie -- and my two baby . ( beat ) arabella in the womb . and Patrick . thirty - nine hour on this earth . just long enough to fall in love with he . the Priest in the eye , rage brim over -- jackie ( cont 'd ) what do I do to deserve that ? a long beat , as he wait for she rage to subside -- and to summon a answer . priest nothing . Jackie fall into deeper resentment . jackie Jack and I hardly ever spend the night together . not even that last night in forth Worth . 47 . the Priest tread lightly -- priest you husband love you , Mrs. Kennedy . I be sure of it . jackie ( bitter ) I seem to remember there be more to we vow . the Priest look at she with pity in he eye . and it 's the one thing she can not stand . she snap -- jackie ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . ( beat ) I be first Lady of the United States . woman have be do far worse for far less . a beat as it hang there -- the Priest , take aback by she candor . jackie ( cont 'd ) there be two kind of woman . that who want power in the world . and that who want power in bed . and then , lament the marital bargain she make -- jackie ( cont 'd ) of course , now what be I leave with ? when man see I now , what do you think they feel ? priest sadness . compassion . ( beat ) desire , maybe . you be still a young woman , Mrs. Kennedy . jackie I use to make they smile . ( beat ) no one understand the pain he be in and how loyal he be . some of he friend be so crude . Jack be not of course . but he could get catch up in it . still ... he be a great father . ( beat ) ( more ) 48 . jackie ( cont 'd ) I picture he in that rock chair in he office . caroline and John at he foot ... how could I hate he ? priest take comfort in that memory . jackie I can not . they be mix up with all the other . CUT to : int . jackie' bedroom - white house - the next day Jackie be drape in black cloth -- in this case a silk slip . barely recover from the night before , she chain smoke , while Nancy arrange she outfit on the bed . Jackie put out one cigarette , and go to light another . she catch Nancy 's look of disapproval . jackie do you have the latest list from the State Department ? off Nancy 's confusion -- jackie ( cont 'd ) of the dignitary plan to attend the funeral . nancy oh , yes . I have it right here . Nancy rummages through some nearby file and find the list . she scan it -- nancy ( cont 'd ) General De gaulle . Prince Phillip . even the Soviet foreign Minister . jackie more than we be expect ? nancy oh , yes . there be dozen of name . Jackie can not help feel some pleasure . jackie good . will you read they to I ? 49 . nancy yes . from the United Nations , there 's Paul hoffmann . the King of Belgium . from Denmark , the crown prince George ... Nancy read the list as Jackie continue to smoke . the name go on and on ... int . jackie' bedroom - white house - later Jackie now sit at she dress table , Nancy try to place a veil on she hair . nancy I do not know . I think you should just try it without it . Nancy stroke Jackie 's hair with she hand . Jackie rest she head on she shoulder . jackie ( grateful ) we have be together a long time , have not we , Nancy ? ( beat ) I use to worry that you might be jealous of I . nancy oh stop it . jackie you never do anything to make I feel that way . but I worried . after I marry Jack . and after he win the election . ( beat ) now that seem ridiculous . anyone be jealous of I . I have bury two child and now I be bury my husband . Nancy be not sure how to respond . but she be no longer a employee -- just a old friend .. nancy you know I be jealous . of that dress you wear in Vienna . Jackie smile , grateful for the release . 50 . nancy ( cont 'd ) I know it be hard to see it right now , but you have you whole life ahead of you . rejecting the trite consolation -- jackie that 's a terrible thing to say . they both smile . nancy but you do ! jackie that 's a terrible , terrible thing to say ... Nancy comfort she . hold she . nancy but you do . I be sorry . I be sorry . jackie what will you do now ? nancy oh , I 'il stay with you . jackie you will not go anywhere ? nancy no , I be not go anywhere . I do not have anywhere to go . they share a welcome laugh . nancy ( cont 'd ) that kid be so lucky to have you . jackie ( between sob ) no , they be not lucky at all . they be not lucky . I be scared , Nancy , I be scared , I be scared ... nancy I know . I know . CUT to : 51 . int . west sitting room - white house President Johnson , Lady Bird , Bobby , ethel , and the rest of the Kennedy family wait for Jackie and the child . like the rest of the country , they watch the news ... brinkley ( on tv ) at the Capitol where the President 's body will lie and stay for the remainder of the day after it have be remove from the White House , there will be three short speech before the public be allow to start view the body . to Dallas , Texas and Tom pettit ... Mary enter the room and announce ... mary she will be right down . I be tell any moment . no one turn away from the tv . President Johnson look at he watch . on tv : a man step into the frame , block the camera , and then rush out of the way . suddenly a flurry of activity as photographer race into position , and detective in stetson hat emerge from the corridor . reporter surge forward , block the camera again ... reporter ( on tv ) there be Lee oswald -- and then -- ruby run across the screen and fire . reporter ( cont 'd ) ( on tv ) he 's be shot . he 's be shot . Lee oswald have be shot . there 's a man with a gun ! off the bang ! of the fatal shot , the phone immediately ring . int . caroline kennedy bedroom - white house Jackie help John Jr with he tie . jackie be you ready to go ? 52 . JOHN JR . yes . jackie will you look at I ? JOHN JR . mommy , be it my birthday ? jackie not yet , dear . she kiss he forehead and hold he face . from the doorway , announce himself -- hill special agent Hill . whenever Mrs. Kennedy be ready . jackie oh clint ... we be nearly do here . Jackie rise to greet he . but as she lock eye with he -- she seem to falter on she foot . she stare at he , try to recapture some lose memory . jackie ( cont 'd ) it 's the strangest thing . I hardly remember anything after . ( beat ) but I have read about what you do in the papers . and I just want to thank you . int . west sitting room - white house chaos in the wake of oswald 's assassination . president johnson ( increasingly enraged ) we need to get a handle on this thing . we have get to get involved . valenti yes , sir . president johnson this be make we look like a bunch of goddamn barbarian ! 53. Mary announce ... mary ( horrify ) Mrs. Kennedy be on she way down . with the child . bobby turn the television off ! ( he do ) you be not to speak a word of this . understood ? I will tell Jackie when the time be right . the group remain freeze in horror . bobby ( cont ’d ) ( to Johnson ) sit down . president johnson Excuse I ? bobby sit down . lady bird darling ? President Johnson sit . int . caroline kennedy bedroom - white house Jackie continue speak to Hill . jackie what do you remember ? will you tell I everything . I need to hear . he see the desperation in she eye . have no choice ... hill I be ten yard back when I hear the first shot . as my eye cross the President 's car ... he hesitates to continue . hill ( cont 'd ) Mrs. Kennedy ... jackie keep go . 54 . hill I have to get to you to put myself between you the President and the shooter . jackie who be it ? be it that oswald ? hill they think so . jackie I need to talk to he . ( beat ) I need to talk to he . hill ( nervous ) I do not know about that , Mrs. Kennedy . for a moment , they just stand in silence . and then -- nancy the child be ready . shall I take they downstairs to ride with maud ? jackie I would like they to come with I . nancy the press be out front . I think you would prefer -- jackie they father be leave this house for the last time . they should be there to say goodbye to he . nancy but the camera ? that picture be be broadcast to every corner of the world . Jackie have find some burst of strength in she encounter with Hill . jackie that picture should record the truth . two heartbroken , fatherless child be a part of that . ( beat ) ( more ) 55 . jackie ( cont 'd ) you can tell they I be ready to leave -- with caroline and John . Nancy be take aback by she intensity . nancy yes , Mrs. Kennedy . as Nancy turn to leave -- jackie Nancy ? nancy yes ? jackie I be not the first Lady anymore . ( beat ) you can call I Jackie . nancy I will . Jackie turn back to the child . jackie caroline , be you ready sweetheart ? she go to pick up she daughter . jackie ( cont 'd ) my brave girl . and now John begin to sob . she reach for she son . jackie ( cont 'd ) oh , John , John , John -- off he cry ... CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room Jackie sit with the journalist at the table . jackie I value my privacy . I always have . 56 . journalist and yet in the day after -- directly after -- something seem to change . jackie in what way ? journalist before the funeral . the day you move the casket to the Capitol . you child be on full display for the whole world to see . jackie what be you insinuate ? that I exploit they ? journalist no , of course not ... ext . portico - white house - day Jackie lead caroline and John Jr out onto the portico , squinting in the mid-day sun . she take in the extraordinary scene . the horse - draw caisson carry the President 's flag - drape casket be park just before they , follow by a riderless horse , and then a train of limousine to carry the mourner . in the lead be a drum corp . the white house drive be line by parallel row of soldier carry the flag of the 50 state . the white house lawn be crowded with camera crews , reporter , and staff . all be reverent , silent . flashbulb erupt , capture the indelible image ... the widow in black . the two innocent child in powder blue . they be still , and now freeze in time . int . limousine - day Jackie look out at the crowd of mourner lining the street . they reflection scroll by she face in the window . CUT to : 57 . int . kennedy compound - live room the journalist be now on the offensive . journalist I be only wonder if you consider do more to shield they . I think most people would have -- jackie we be not ' most people 's . ( beat ) most people do not have to make that kind of decision , hour after watch they husband get murder next to they . CUT to : ext . east step - UNITED states capitol the caisson come to a stop at the base of the senate step , the trail of limousine just behind . a honor guard and a navy band wait to receive they . the door of the limousine open , and Jackie step out , along with caroline , John Jr and Bobby . President Johnson and Lady Bird emerge from the next car , and take up position beside they . Jackie turn to the new president ... jackie oh , lyndon . what a awful way to begin you presidency . before he can reply , she walk ahead . int . kennedy compound a long beat , and then -- journalist be you say it be a mistake ? jackie no , of course not . CUT to : 58 . int . capitol rotunda Jackie and caroline follow the casket to the catafalque . Bobby help John Jr to a seat in the first row . the honor guard step aside and the room silently watch . Jackie kneel , and caroline kneel beside she . Jackie press she lip gently against the flag . caroline follow . CUT to : int . bobby 's office - white house Bobby be back at he desk on the phone . Jackie storm into he office . her eye be wild -- brim with a rage we have never see . jackie how dare you ?! bobby Jackie -- she charge toward he . he hang up the phone -- jackie they murder he !! Inside the jail ! this people can get to anyone ! bobby we do not know -- jackie -- how dare you keep that from I ?! bobby we do not know any of the detail . and the ceremony at the Capitol ... we have to keep move -- jackie you have no right ! the child ! I take they out the front door ! she physically shudder at the think of it ... bobby be you -- 59 . jackie -- this be all insanity ! he try to reach for she , but she back away -- jackie ( cont 'd ) you and you brother . all this year , all you goddamn secret ! bobby that 's not fair ... jackie caroline and John be all I have leave . and I put they in danger because of you -- bobby I would never put you at risk -- jackie -- you can not know that ! you think you all control everything . that you have the world on puppet string . you be ridiculous ! and I let myself believe it . ( beat ) and this parade ? who be it really for ? for Jack ? one more campaign stop along the way to the grave ?! ( beat ) lyndon 's people be right . it 's not worth it ! it 's not worth risk people 's life ! Bobby do not know what to say . jackie ( cont 'd ) you tell they we be call it off . ( beat ) we will motorcade to the Cathedral . the back way . we will bury he . and we will put a end to all this . I do not give a damn anymore . bobby we would never put you and you child in -- jackie I know you think I be some silly little debutante -- 60 . bobby -- listen to I . jackie you do not protect I , anymore ! bobby I would never put you and the child in danger . jackie you do not know anything . she turn and leave he stand there . CUT to : ext . park - outside WASHINGTON , DC Jackie walk with the Priest . jackie I lie awake at night and all I can think be ... I wish I have be a shop girl , or a stenographer . I should have marry a ordinary , lazy , ugly man . the Priest study she -- consider the depth of she suffer . he try one more time to get through -- priest let I share with you a parable . ( beat ) Jesus once pass a blind beggar on the road , and he disciple ask -- ' who sin , this man or he parent , that he should be bear blind ? 's ( beat ) Jesus answer - ' neither this man nor he parent sin . he be make blind so that the work of God could be reveal in he . 's ( beat ) and with that , he place mud on the man 's eye and tell he to wash in the Pool of siloam . 's the man do , and he come back see . ( beat ) right now you be blind . not because you have sin . ( more ) 61 . priest ( cont 'd ) but because you have be choose -- so that the work of God may be reveal in you . a long beat of silence , as Jackie stare back at the Priest , still unsatisfy . CUT to : int . oval office - white house the morning sun peak through the edge of the draw curtain , but the oval Office be dim and vacant . Jackie be on she knee , in a new black dress , freshly shower , but still groggy . she be surround by the resolute desk , which John Jr be famously photograph play beneath . the coconut the president use to scrawl a rescue message when he boat be sink in the South Pacific . the model of the naval vessel , the danmark , he meticulously construct . and finally -- the rocking chair where he use to sit , the child play at he foot . she run she hand across the new carpet , pleased . jackie it 's perfect . walton ( 0.s. ) we install it while you be away . Walton stand in the doorway . walton ( cont ’d ) I think it would be a nice surprise for you and the President . Jackie rise . jackie it change everything . she stand , admire she handiwork . jackie ( cont 'd ) and the Treaty room ? 62 . walton Hunter green . exactly as you imagine it . jackie I wish Jack ... she trail off . and then -- jackie ( cont 'd ) who know if he would have care . she laugh , bitterly . jackie ( cont 'd ) I lose track , somewhere . what be real . what be performance . walton well , he be a President . a beat , and then -- jackie you be right earlier . ( beat ) I have tell they I be not go to march tomorrow . I will not put people in danger on account of my vanity . walton I be scared for you . I still be . but I never think it be vanity . Jackie gesture to the redecorate room -- jackie you know , that 's what Jack call all this . when he see what we be spend . he say you little ' vanity project ' be go to bankrupt the federal government . this be Walton 's life 's work , he purpose for be -- walton people need they history . it give they strength . they need to know that real man actually live here . not ghost and storybook legend . people who face adversity and overcame it . ( beat ) ( more ) 63 . walton ( cont 'd ) what you have do in this house matter . Jackie consider he word . they have strike a chord , but she 's still not convinced . jackie that 's kind of you , Bill . but even I be start to lose he . ( beat , she stand ) pretty soon , he will just be another oil portrait lining this hallway . int . caroline kennedy bedroom - white house Jackie hold a cake as a secret service member light the third and final candle . she enter the room to join Nancy , maud , and caroline celebrate John Jr 's 3rd birthday . she sing ... jackie happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear John , happy birthday to you ... John blow out the candle . int . lincoln bedroom - white house Jackie sit at the edge of lincoln 's arched mahogany bed , stare up at the portrait of Mary Todd that hang above it . outside , the sun be set . Bobby enter the doorway . bobby I speak to Johnson . ( beat ) tomorrow ... it 's be handle . everyone will ride . no procession . Jackie nod . Bobby slowly sit beside she , utterly defeat . jackie I be sorry , Bobby . a moment of silence , and then , gesture to the portrait . 64 . jackie ( cont 'd ) do you think lincoln 's widow know ? bobby what ? jackie that we would build a monument to she husband ? Bobby do not answer . jackie ( cont 'd ) why be this room so peaceful ? a long pause . bobby peaceful ? ( beat ) every time I walk by this room I be remind that on January 1 , 1863 , a ordinary man sign a document that freed four million people from slavery . ( beat ) so I do not think of it so much as ' peaceful 's , but as a place of profound legacy . ( beat ) and it 's too bad that ours be totally fuck waste . he turn to leave . jackie Bobby ! he slam the door shut and turn back to she . jackie ( cont 'd ) Bobby , watch you mouth -- bobby what do we accomplish ?! we be just the beautiful people ? be that what we be ?! jackie Bobby ! 65 . bobby what do we truly accomplish ? maybe Jack will be remember for the way he handle the missile crisis . or maybe he 'il be remember for create the crisis in the first place ... he sit next to she . bobby ( cont ’d ) we could have do so much . Civil rights , the space program . vietnam ... ( beat ) we teed up Vietnam . now Johnson get to knock it down . ( beat , one more regret ) I should not have push he so hard on castro . jackie you can not do that , Bobby . he look at she . bobby what 's wrong with you ? he stand . jackie what 's wrong with I ? bobby History be harsh . we be ridiculous . look at you ... as he walk away ... bobby ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . int . oval office - white house Jackie enter to find worker pack up she husband 's belonging . his book . his rock chair . int . jackie 's bedroom - white house more worker pack as she cling to a antique turquoise vase , reluctant to let go . 66 . int . caroline kennedy bedroom - white house start to give in , Jackie toss a doll into a box . int . jackie' bedroom - white house Jackie throw a heap of she dress into a box . she tape the box close - but the tape catch on she wedding ring . angry , shaking , she struggle to take the ring off . Jackie swallow a pill . she catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror . linger ... int . bobby 's office - white house Johnson 's top aide , Jack valenti unpack he belonging into Bobby 's old office . he 's interrupt by -- jackie how do you like you new office ? Jackie stand in he doorway . valenti Mrs. Kennedy . come in . sorry I be just try to do my job mar ’am . she know the jab be unfair . jackie ( sincere ) of course you be . I remember when we win the election , how overwhelming it be . valenti everyone 's thought be with you right now . Jackie smile graciously . jackie that 's very kind of you . ( beat ) I have come to discuss tomorrow . valenti be he catch 67 . valenti the Attorney General relay to I you desire for a more modest ceremony . jackie I have change my mind . valenti I be sorry ? jackie I say I have change my mind . we will have the procession . and I will walk to the Cathedral . with the casket . stunne . valenti well even if we could resume the arrangement , I be sure you can understand ... the secret service still have they concern . jackie and President Johnson ? valenti President Johnson would like nothing more than to fulfill you wish . but , I have to take into account he safety . the country could not endure another blow should anything -- himself . valenti ( cont 'd ) I do not mean ... if it be up to he , he would do anything that might bring you comfort . jackie then , who be it up to , Mr. valenti ? valenti as I be sure you know , we be expect close to a hundred head of State . jackie one hundred three . 68. surprise by she precision valenti yes . I be sure that 's right . ( beat ) and I suspect they will all make they own decision . jackie base on what ? try to intimidate she -- valenti there 's a great deal of classified intelligence that I can not get into . Jackie stare at he , unimpress , and he know he 'il have to give she more than that . valenti ( cont 'd ) we have intercept a threat against General De gaulle . from we asset in geneva . ( beat ) I be afraid if he refuse to march , other may follow . Jackie consider this . seem to waver -- jackie ( sympathetic ) I understand . valenti think he 's win . valenti as I say , Mrs. Kennedy I wish there be more we could do to accommodate you wish . ( beat ) I be terribly sorry . Jackie seem to accept this . jackie do not be . you and the Johnson 's have already do so much . valenti good day , Mrs. Kennedy . Jackie turn to go -. then stop in the doorway . 69 . jackie Mr. valenti . would you mind get a message to all the funeral guest when they land ? not sure where this be go -- valenti of course . jackie inform they that I will walk with Jack tomorrow . ( beat ) alone if necessary . ( beat ) and tell General De gaulle -- if he wish to ride in a armored car -- or in a tank for that matter -- I will not blame he . ( beat ) and I be sure the ten of million of people watch will not either . she turn to leave . valenti why be you do this Mrs. Kennedy ? jackie oh , I be just do my job . with that , Jackie exit . CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room Jackie and the journalist sit across from each other . jackie would you like to write this down ? journalist do you think I should ? jackie I ... I do . the journalist open he notebook to a blank page and begin to take dictation 70 . jackie ( cont 'd ) we all live on far after we death . president will come and go and every one of they will look up to Jack for guidance , for inspiration . he finish write the paragraph . journalist what do you say to that who say he do not deserve it ? the scale of it ? ( off she confusion ) he be a great President -- but he do not win the Civil war , for instance . jackie it be a funeral for the President of the United States . journalist you husband drive car , he do not ride horse . a outburst -- jackie yes and there should have be more of they . there should have be more horse , more soldier , more cry , more camera ! journalist I be guess you will not allow I to write any of that ? jackie no , because I never say that . ( beat ) perhaps Jack do not have time to defeat communism -- journalist -- with all due respect , you be at the center of it all Mrs. Kennedy . ( beat ) and I would imagine , from that vantage , it be impossible to have any perspective . ( beat ) but I can assure you -- it be a spectacle . t1. and now intercut -- the funeral procession , the journalist , and the Priest ... ext . portico - white house - day the caisson come to a stop in front of the White House . angle up to Jackie , peer out at the assemble crowd . jackie' Pov -- look down on Bobby and ethel . Ted and Joan , Janet and Hugh auchincloss . sargent and Eunice shriver . o’ brien , o'donnell , and power . President and Lady Bird Johnson . behind they be a pantheon of foreign leader . De gaulle , emperor haile selassie of ethiopia , prince phillip , duke of edinburgh , soviet foreign minister anastas mikoyan , jean monnet and other . it be a extraordinary gather -- manifest only through Jackie 's force of will . a long beat , as she take it all in . in she eye -- the faintest hint of pride behind the sadness . finally , Jackie step forward and take she place between Bobby and Ted . she wear a veil over she face -- and the black watch piper begin they plaintive dirge ... the caisson lurch forward , pull by a train of white stallion , and the grim parade begin ... as they exit the White House Gates , Jackie look down pennsylvania and for the first time come face - to- face with the scope of the nation 's sorrow . all the way to the distant horizon , the sidewalk be overflow with mourner . jackie ( 0.s. ) Nancy say they want to share my grief . ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC jackie so I let they . she continue to speak with the Priest . 72 . jackie ( cont 'd ) but after , I realize ... all the pageantry , all the demand I make to honor he . it be not for Jack . or he legacy . ( beat ) it_was for I . ext . pennsylvania avenue Jackie pause and we angle on ... Hill , tensing up beside she . he scan the crowd for threat as police officer on the rope line snap to attention . angle wide , revealing -- the long , empty street ahead . Quick close - ups : a man in a fedora . a black man . a woman and child . threat ? or grieve citizen ? in the back of a black car , John Jr and caroline ride in the procession , look out at the crowd through the rear window . Jackie take a step and continue bravely march forward . jackie ( 0.s. ) I write he a letter . that night , before we move the casket to the Capitol . do you know what I write ? ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC jackie that I want to die . priest ( empathetic ) I understand . jackie ( skeptical ) do you ? priest I do . unless you be ask my permission . jackie no , only crass , self - indulgent people kill themselves . ( beat ) I be just hope ... ( more ) 73 . jackie ( cont 'd ) if I walk down the street next to Jack 's body maybe someone would be kind enough to do it for I . priest in front of the whole world ... a famous life , a famous death . jackie I never want fame . I just become a Kennedy . ext . pennsylvania avenue - WASHINGTON , DC Jackie continue to lead the march . Bobby flanking she . mourner watch from the window . hat over they heart . ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC jackie I have tell everyone that I can not remember . ( beat ) but that 's not true . I can remember . I can remember everything . and now , finally , we see the assassination - ext . presidential motorcade - dallas , 1963 Jackie be back in that limousine in Dallas . she wave to the cheer crowd . ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC jackie the first bullet . ( beat ) boom . ext . presidential motorcade - dallas and this time -- the sequence continue : close on Jackie -- everything that now follow tracking she experience . 74 . bang ! -- Jackie startles , confuse . ( in she mind , this be the miss opportunity to act . ) jackie ( 0.s. ) then boom . bang ! -- Jackie turn -- eye widen in horror as the President grip he throat . she 's about to reach for he — ~ and bang ! -- she be shower in blood and gray matter as he head explode all over she . ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC jackie I could have save he . ext . presidential motorcade - dallas Jackie panic -- climb out of she seat , onto the back of the still - move car . she claw she way to the rear-bumper , hang on for she life . ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC jackie I should have know it be a gunshot . I should have shield he . intercut -- ext . arlington national cemetery bagpiper march . Marines stand in formation . jackie ( 0.s. ) I try to stop the bleed . but by the time we get to the hospital it be ... she stand , watch through she black veil . ext . presidential motorcade close on Jackie -- back in the car , where she husband 's body be slump over , blood pool everywhere . 15 . Jackie resist , but Hill shove she down into the carnage , shield she body with he . Jackie lie prone , sandwich between Hill and she die husband -- trap in a unspeakable , visceral horror . Jackie reach out for Jack 's head -- and try to hold together he shattered skull . we stay with she -- as the car now accelerate toward the hospital . ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC jackie that night , and every night since ... I have pray to die . ext . arlington national cemetery the casket be carry through the mourner gather . jackie ( 0.s. ) wo not God let I be with my husband ? Marines fold the flag and hand it to she . she stand stare at the casket . remember the horror of the limo as it sped with he head in she hand . the casket be lower . int . kennedy compound - live room Jackie sit with the journalist . jackie can I look ? she slide field 's note to she side of the table . journalist it 's just , I have not -- jackie you do not write very legibly , do you ? he watch she read . 76 . int . kennedy compound - kitchen - later the journalist pace as Jackie rewrite furiously . journalist you leave you mark on this country , Mrs. Kennedy . this past few day ... that 's the story . ( long beat ) lose a President be like lose a father . and you be a mother to all of we . and that 's a very good story . ( beat ) the entire country watch the funeral from beginning to end . decade from now , people will remember you dignity , and the majesty ... ( beat ) they will remember you . CUT to : int . monroe room - white house ( 1962 Collingswood and Jackie have reach the end of the tour -- the Monroe room on the second floor . jackie it will serve a definite purpose . ( beat ) my husband have so many meeting up here , in this part of the house . all the man who wait to see he , now sit in the hall , with baby carriage go by they . so they can sit in here and have a conference around this table , wait for he . collingswood well , he 's go to come in and -- president kennedy -- handsome , resplendent -- enter the room . collingswood ( cont ’d ) ( excited ) mister president ... they shake hand . 71 . president kennedy mister Collingswood . collingswood Mrs. Kennedy have be show we about the White House and all the change she have make therein . what do you think of the change that she 's make ? president kennedy well , I think that the great effort she 's make have be to bring we much more intimately in contact with all the man who live here . of course , I think anyone who come to the White House as a President desire the best for he country . CUT to : int . stairway - white house Nancy lead Jackie down the stair , out of the White House for the last time ... president kennedy ( 0.s . ) and I think he receive stimulus from the knowledge of live in close proximity to the people who be legendary but who actually be alive and be in this room . Jackie notice -- down the hallway , Lady Bird review new fabric swatch with Walton . Walton catch she glance . a hint of shame in he eye -- but this be no longer she home . Jackie look down and exit . ext . portico - white house - day caroline and John Jr head into a wait limousine . all around they , the chaos of the mover continue . nancy everything will be hold in storage until you decide where to settle . the two woman embrace . Jackie finally enter the car . 78 . she look back through the window to the home she devote so much of she life . echoing the first scene of the White House tour -~ Nancy encourage she to smile . CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room the journalist watch Jackie from across the room . jackie there 's one last thing -- more important than all the rest ... ( beat ) you know every night before bed , we have this old Victrola . we would listen to a couple record . and he favorite be camelot . journalist the musical ? jackie oh , I be so ashamed of myself . every quote out of Jack 's mouth be either Greek or Roman . and that last song , that last side of camelot be all that keep run through my mind . ( beat ) " do not let it be forget , that for one brief shine moment there be a camelot . " CUT to : int . ball room - white house ( 1961 a boisterous , glamorous party be in full swing . Jackie laugh in a red regal dress with elbow - length white glove . President Kennedy grab she hand and they dance . jackie ( 0.s. ) Jack love history . it 's what make he what he be . imagine he ... this little boy , with scarlet fever in bed , read history . ( beat ) ( more ) 79 . jackie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) King Arthur and the Knights of the round table . that 's what camelot be about . ordinary man band together to fight for a better world . do not misunderstand I ... ( beat ) Jack be not naive . but , he have ideal . ideal he could rally other to believe in . CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room journalist and will that ideal live on ? jackie I be sure they will . of course there will be other great president . the Johnson 's have be so generous to I . ( beat ) but there will not be another camelot . not another camelot . CUT to : ext . park - outside WASHINGTON , DC the Priest and Jackie sit at a impasse , they talk come to a end with no resolution . slowly and deliberately , the Priest 's face darken -- he tone sharpen . priest why be you really here ? a awkward silence , Jackie take aback -- jackie I -- I need to talk . priest you say you pray every night to die . that you child have no use for you . that you wish only to be with you husband . ( beat ) and yet -- I be not bury you today . ( beat ) ( more ) 80 . priest ( cont 'd ) there come a time in man 's search for meaning , when one realize -- there be no answer . ( beat ) when you come to that horrible , unavoidable realization -- you accept it . or you kill yourself . or you simply stop search . Jackie be reeling -- priest ( cont 'd ) I have live a bless life . and yet every night when I climb into bed , turn off the light , and stare into the dark , I wonder ... be this all there be ? Jackie 's tone soften -- the Priest 's honesty finally get through to she ... jackie you wonder ? the Priest nod -- intercut ext . hyannis beach priest every soul on this planet do . day Jackie playfully run after caroline and John Jr. priest ( 0.s. ) and then , when morning come , we all wake up and make a pot of coffee . jackie ( 0.s. ) why do we bother ? she catch up to John Jr and pick he up . twirl he . priest ( 0.s. ) because we do . you do this morning , and you will again tomorrow . Jackie stop to watch she laugh child . 81 . priest ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) God , in he infinite wisdom , have make sure ... it be just enough for we . Jackie look on as caroline and John Jr build sand castle under gray sky . CUT to : int . kennedy compound - live room the journalist dictate he article to he editor ... journalist ( into phone ) once more ... Mrs. Kennedy have express she desire to reinter the body of the two child they lose to rest alongside they father . ( beat ) you get that part , right ? ( beat ) she want they to always remember , for one brief shine moment there be a -- yeah , camelot . yeah . finally , the journalist hang up . journalist ( cont 'd ) I hope you have a good night , Mrs. Kennedy . a moment of silence between they . and he exit . CUT to : ext . park - outside , WASHINGTON DC - dusk Jackie relate to the Priest , with some satisfaction -- jackie he write down every word . priest and do that help ... heal you ? Jackie think . not exactly a answer : jackie it 's be reprint all over the world . ( more ) 82. jackie ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's what they will all believe now . ( beat ) camelot . ( beat ) people like to believe in fairy tale . priest and you ? do you believe you have do he justice ? Jackie can not bring herself to say yes . instead -- jackie I believe the character we read about on the page end up be more real than the man who stand beside we . ( beat ) I should have guess it be too much to ask that we grow old together . see we child grow up . the Priest study she -- hope she 's slowly make she way toward some semblance of solace . but it 's clear -- she 's not yet there . priest the darkness may never go away . but it will not always be this heavy . come . they be wait for we at Arlington . cut to : ext . arlington national cemetery - dusk the eternal flame burn over President Kennedy 's grave -- two fresh , small grave dig beside it . Patrick bouvier Kennedy . August 17 , 1963 - August 19 , 1963 . daughter . 1956 . priest -.. the Father , the Son , the Holy Spirit ... 83 . Jackie watch another tiny casket lower into the ground . CUT to : int . jackie' bedroom - white house Walton mount a plaque outside Jackie 's bedroom . it read : " in this room live John fitzgerald Kennedy and he wife , jacqueline , during the two year , ten month , and two day he be President of the United States : January 20 , 1961 - November 22 , 1963 . " CUT to : i/e . jackie' motorcade WASHINGTON , DC night Jackie look out the window at the now-quiet street . we hear camelot begin to play ... '' each evening from December to December , before you drift to sleep upon you cot / think back on all the tale that you will remember ...of camelot ... '' the limo slow and Jackie notice : across the street shoulder . a man be carry a mannequin over he porcelain skin . jet-black bouffant . perfectly symmetrical feature . Jackie stare at a perfect plastic reproduction of herself . a surreal , disorient moment . and then another man , carry another , identical , mannequin . Jackie track they back to a nearby truck -- where worker unload dozen more of they . the worker carry the doll into a macy department store . in the store window -- stylist dress the mannequin in reproduction of the outfit Jackie have be wear for the past five day . Jackie stare in disbelief at she own image freeze in time , the widow , forever in mourn . 84 . int . dine room - white house ( 1962 Jackie and Collingswood continue they tour in front of the camera . ( camelot continue to play ... ) jackie I be just so happy that he could be proud . because then I be have a baby and I could not campaign and then we get in the White House and all the thing I have always do , suddenly they become wonderful . and I be just so happy for Jack that he could be proud of I . ( beat ) that be we happiest year . int . east room - white house ( 1961 Jackie be seat between President Kennedy and Bobby . Pablo casal finish he performance of Felix mendelssohn 's piano Trio no. 1 in D minor , op. 49 . a stand ovation . Jackie give casal she glove hand to kiss . int . ball room - white house Jackie dance in she red dress with President Kennedy . she rest she head on he shoulder as camelot finally crescendo . she smile . lot protoziva iat yf 2104 tek anti re ) en ke ) col oe mm eg a= geo re ns raageg sp mae moe om tase epee nog 1 ) pun ae make onto ko eus NEA a kel ear Rem a AG ro as coat uo ga ( oms om a tes aed oe Le es restriction set forth above . www.foxsearchlight.com /fyc .