" jacob' ladder " by Bruce Joel rubin ext . vietnam - dusk a swarm of helicopter swoops out of a yellow sky and deposit a army of man over a vietnamese hillside . the soldier scramble over the terrace rice paddy for the protection of the jungle . falling into coulmn , like strand of soldier ant , seventy - five man , at combat readiness , assemble on the edge of a sweltering wilderness . it be dusk . the mood be lazy , soporific . member of one platoon huddle close to the ground smoking a joint . jerry strong stuff . rod ( to jacob , a soldier squatting several yard away ) hey , Professor , how many time can you shit in a hour ? GEORGE do not bug 'im . doug where be that gook already ? frank some offensive . I do not even think they be out there . paul Jesus , this grass be something else . jacob singer return to the group , pull up he pants . rod why even bother to pull them up ? frank you jackin ' off out there again , huh Jake ? paul hey , get off he back . rod it 's call philosophize , right Professor ? jacob give they the finger . jacob up yours , you adolescent scum . laughter . sergeant ( v.o. ) mount you bayonet . frank ( frighten ) oh shit ! paul goddam ! rod gimme that joint ! jerry hey , something 's wrong . GEORGE what be it ? jerry my head . GEORGE it 's nerve . take another toke . GEORGE reach out , extend a joint . suddenly he gasp and fall to the ground , he body convulse uncontrollably . the other stand back , startle . jacob grab he and shove a rifle barrel between he chatter tooth . rod what 's go on ? before anyone can answer jerry grab he head , scream . he turn frantically in all direction . jerry help I ! help I ! paul what the hell ... ? in second jerry be spin wildly out of control , he head shaking into a terrific blur . he crash into frank with the force of a truck . frank slam into the ground as all the air rush from he lung . he begin gasp and hyperventilate . his eye grow wide and frenzied as he gulp for air . fear and confusion sweep across he face . the men watch , horrify , as frank 's terror escalate beyond reason into all - out panic . suddenly frank begin howling . he lunge for he bayonet and , without warning , attack the men around he . paul God almighty ! paul spin out of the way as frank 's bayonet impale the ground . jacob jump on top of frank and wrestle he into the tall grass . paul rush to he assistance . jacob stare at frank 's face as frank struggle beneath he . it be the face of a madman . paul good God ! what 's happen ? the sudden chaos be intensify by the sound of fight erupting behind they . gun crackle and burst of light penetrate the darken sky . rod behind you ! look out ! this be it ! the men spin around . paul panic and jump to he foot , leave jacob alone with frank . frank 's eye burn with demonic force as he gather he strength . jacob do not leave I . Dark figure , silhouett by the set sun , be storming at they . soldier squint to see . it be a horrifying vision . paul they be come ! gunfire explode on all side . suddenly paul flip out . he begin scream uncontrollably , rip at he clothes and skin . frank be struggle like four man and jacob be weaken in he effort to restrain he . bayonet glimmer in the exchange of fire . body fall . more body keep come . the first wave be upon they . rod shoot into the air . shadowy form hurl forward scream like banshee . rod , squinting , jab with he bayonet , pierce the belly of he attacker . agonize cry accompany he fall . rod yank the bayonet out and stab again . in the midst of this madness frank shoot to he foot and slam the butt of he rifle into jacob 's back . there be a crack sound . jacob 's eye freeze with pain . his hand rush for he spine . as he spin around one of the attacker jam all eight inch of he bayonet blade into jacob 's stomach . jacob scream . it be a loud and pierce wail . CUT on the SOUND of the scream to a sudden rush through a long dark tunnel . there be a sense of enormous speed accelerate toward a brilliant light . the rush suggest a passage between life and death , but as the light burst upon we we realize that we be pass through a subway station far below the city of new york . int . subway - night the wheel of a express train screech through the station . jacob singer , sit alone in the last car , wake up . the sound of the scream and the grate wheel merge . he be daze and confuse , not certain where he be . jacob glance around the empty car . his eye gravitate to overhead advertisement for hemorrhoid perparation and savings bank . gradually he confusion subside . shift uncomfortably he pull a thick book out of he back pocket , " the Stranger " by Albert camus . he begin read . another station blur by . jacob be a good-look man , of obvious intelligence . he be in he mid - thirty . it be surprising that he be wear a mailman 's uniform . he do not look like one . the subway ride seem to go on interminably . jacob be restless and concerned . he glance at he watch . it be 3:30 a.m. put he book in he back pocket , jacob stand up and make he way through the desert car . int . subway track - night jacob enter the rumbling passageway between the car . the wheel spark against the rail . the dark tunnel wall flash by . he pull the handle on the door to the next car . it be stick . he struggle with it . a lady sit alone inside turn to look at he . she seem threaten by he effort . he motion for she to help . she turn away . a look of disgust cross jacob 's face . he kick the door . it slide open . the woman seem frighten as he approach she . jacob Excuse I , do you know if we have pass nostrand Avenue yet ? ( she do not answer ) Excuse I . ( she do not acknowledge he existence ) look , I be ask a simple question . have we hit nostrand Avenue ? I fall asleep . woman ( speak with a Puerto rican accent ) I no from around here . jacob ( glad for a response ) yeah , you and everyone else . jacob walk to the other end of the car and sit down . the only other passenger be a old man lie asleep on the fiberglass bench . occasionally he body shudder . it be the only sign of life in he . the train begin to slow down . jacob peer out of the window . nostrand Avenue sign appear . he be relieved . he get up and grab hold of the overhead bar . the old man shudder and stretch out on the seat . as he adjust he position , tug at he coat , jacob catch a brief glimpse of something protrude from beneath the coat 's hem . his eye fixate on the spot , wait for another look . there be a slight movement and it appear - a long , red , fleshy protuberance . the sight of it send shiver up jacob 's spine . it look strangely like a tail . only the stop of the train break jacob 's stare . int . subway station - night jacob be the only passenger get off . the door close quickly behind he . he glance at the lady sit by the window . there be a fearful expression on she face as the train carry she back into the dark tunnel , out of he sight . jacob reach the exit , a huge metal revolve door surround by floor to ceiling gate . he be about to push when he notice a chain lock it shut . he stare at it in disbelief . jacob goddam it . he turn in a huff and hike to the other end of the platform . as he approach the far exit , he eye widen . the gate there be also lock . his hand reach for he hip as he study a impossible situation . CUT to jacob step cautiously onto the ladder go down to the track . a rat scamper by and he gasp . jacob no way ! he start to climb back up the ladder but see that there be nowhere else to go . he jut out he jaw and step back down . jacob be not comfortable on the track . he can not see where he be step . his shoe slpash in unseen liquid which make he grimace . the steel girder be coat in subway grime . the oily substance coat he hand as he reach for support . jacob goddam fuck city ! he wipe the grime on he postal uniform as he step toward the center track . he reach for another girder when it begin to vibrate . two pinpoint of light hurl toward he . then the noise arrive confirm he fear . a train be bear down on he . jacob look frighten , not sure which way to go . he step forward , up to he ankle in slime . he can not tell which track the train be on . it be move at phenomenal speed . the station be spin . the train 's light merge into one brilliant intensity . in near panic jacob jump across the track as the train spin by . its velocity blow he hair straight up as though it be stand on end . he cling to a pillar for support , gasp in short breath . a few people be stare at jacob from the train . they face , press up against the glass , seem deform . a lone figure wave at he from the rear window . the train bear they all away . then it be quiet again . for a moment jacob be afraid to move but slowly regains he composure . he continue to the other side of the track and stumble up the ladder to the uptown platform . CUT to : jacob smile . the smile , however , be one of irony , not amusement . this exit too be lock . a heavy chain be wrap through the bar . jacob stare at it with a expression of total bewilderment . a sudden muffle scream alert jacob that he be not alone . his head turn but see no one . he hear the scream again . he sense its direction and walk toward the men' room . a crack of light appear under the door . he can hear someone moan inside . jacob knock softly and the moan stop . the light click off . jacob hey , be someone in there ? there be no answer . jacob stand silently for a moment , not sure what to do . he can hear whisper . he chew he lower lip nervously and then reach for the door . it push open . the light from the station penetrate the darkness . he gasp . he see a man tie naked to the stall with another naked man grab quickly for he clothes . the bound man scream . bound man fuck off ! mind you own business ! a third man spin out of the shadow , point a kinfe at jacob 's throat . man you cocksucker ! get outta here . the man 's face be barely human . before jacob can even react the door slam shut . the lock engage . the crack of light reappear . jacob can hear laughter come from inside , follow by a scream . he back away from the door . his face be white . jacob turn with full fury and storm the gate . the chain give wayto he anger . it fly apart and the gate fling open . he stand in amazement , observe the chain as it slide from between the bar and drop to the concrete below . the gate squeak loudly as jacob push it aside and clang with a almost painful burst as he slam it shut . ext . wilmington tower - dawn jacob walk toward the tower shadow of a massive public housing project . it be dark and the moonlight silhouettes the huge monolithic structure . jacob pass through a vast courtyard dominate by the impose shape . aside from he move body everything be still . int . hallway - dawn jacob step off a graffiti-festoon elevator into a long impersonal hallway . he use three key to unlock the door to he apartment . int . jacob be apt . - dawn jacob enter the darkness without turn on the light . he try to navigate he way to the bathroom , illuminate by a tiny nightlight in the distance . his effort be unsuccessful . he bang loudly into a table . a woman " 's voice call out . jezzie ( v.o. ) Jake , be that you ? jacob what the hell do you do , move all the furniture ? jezzie ( v.o. ) why do not you turn on the light ? jacob I do not want to wake you . jezzie ( v.o. ) ( sleepy but pleasant ) gee , thanks a lot . jacob where be the lamp ? jezzie ( v.o. ) where be you ? jacob if I know I would not have to ask . what do you do ? I be happy the way it be . jezzie ( v.o. ) I move the couch . that 's all . jacob where to ? jacob crash into it . a light suddenly go on . jezebel " jezzie " pipkin , 33 , be stand in the bedroom door tie a man 's terrycloth bathrobe around she waist . although sleepy , dishevel , and not look she best , it be obvious that jezzie be a beefy woman , juicy and sensual . jezzie that help ? jacob ( nearly sprawle over the couch ) thanks . he push himself up . jezzie what do you think ? jacob what do you mean ? jezzie the room ! jacob oh God , jezzie , ask I tomorrow . jezzie it be tomorrow . four a.m. how come you be so late ? jacob Roberts do not show up . what could I say ? besides , it 's double time . jezzie ( see the grease on he uniform ) what happen to you ? jacob ( unbuttone he shirt as he walk to the bathroom ) do not ask . jacob step into the bathroom and pull at he clothes , leave they in a pile on the floor . he reach for the faucet and send a stream of water poude against the porcelain tub . jezzie enjoy jacob 's nakedness . she reach out to he chest and squeeze one of he nipple . his body tense slightly . jezzie drop she robe . they enter the shower together . ext . vietnam - night a dense rain fall on a dark night fill puddle of water . jacob be crawl through the underbrush in the vietnamese jungle . his shirt be bloodsoaked . he move slowly , creep on he right forearm . his leave arm be hold he intestine from spilling onto the grass . jacob help I . someone . suddenly a flashlight beam can be see in the distance . it dance around the bamboo tree and draw closer to jacob . it be impossible to see who be carry it . the light dart near the ground where jacob be lie and then burst directly into he eye . int . jacob be apt . - day sunlight pour through the bedroom window . jacob be sleep fitfully as a bar of light saturate he face . his hand rush up to cover and protect he eye but the damage be do . he be awake . jacob lie in bed for a few moment , daze . slowly he hand grope along the shelf at the head of the bed , search for he glass . he have trouble find they . as he hand sweep blindly across the headboard it hit the telephone and send it crash to the floor . he sit up with a disgust look on he face and search the out - of - focus shelf behind he . suddenly jezzie enter . jezzie you up ? jacob no . have you see my glass ? jezzie ( shaking she head ) where would you leave them ? jacob I do not know . jezzie do you look around the headboard ? jacob ( wearily ) jezzie , I can not see . jezzie ( she scan the shelf ) maybe you leave them in the bathroom . she leave and return moment later with he glass and a large paper bag . she toss they both onto the bed . jacob thanks . ( he put on he glass and notice the bag ) what 's that ? jezzie you kid drop it off . jacob who ? jed ? jezzie ( stooping to pick up the phone ) no . the little one . jacob eli . why can not you remember they name ? jezzie they be weird name . jacob they're biblical . they be prophet . jezzie well , personally , I never go for church name . jacob and where do you think Jezebel come from ? jezzie I do not let anybody call I that . jacob ( shaking he head ) you be a real heathen , you know that , jezzie ? Jesus , how do I ever get involved with such a ninny ? jezzie you sell you soul , remember ? that 's what you tell I . jacob yeah , but for what ? jezzie a good lay . jacob and look what I get . jezzie the best . jacob I must have be out of my head . jezzie Jake , you be never out of you head ! jacob ( ignore the criticism and reach for the paper bag ) what 's in here ? jezzie picture . you wife be gonna toss them so " what 's he name " bring them over on he way to school . jacob lift the bag and pour the photograph onto the bed . there be hundred of they . he examine they with grow delight . jacob look at this , will ya ? I do not believe it . Jesus , this be fantastic . look , here 's my dad ... and here 's my brother , when we be down in Florida . jezzie lemme see . jacob ( rummage excitedly through the pile ) here. look . this be I and Sarah when I be still at City College . jezzie ( look closely ) that 's Sarah ? ( she study the photo ) I can see what you mean . jacob what ? jezzie why you leave . jacob what do you mean you can see ? jezzie look at she face . a real bitch . jacob she look good then . jezzie not to I . jacob well , you do not marry she . he dig through more photo . suddenly he stop . jezzie what 's wrong ? to jezzie 's surprise and he own , tear well up in he eye . for a moment jacob be unable to speak . he just stare at one of the photo . jezzie look at the picture . it be a image of jacob carry a small child on he shoulder . jezzie be that the one who die ? jacob ( nodd ) gabe . jezzie be silent . jacob grab a kleenex and blow he nose . jacob ( continue ) sorry . it just take I by surprise . I do not expect to see he this morning ... God , what I would not ... he be the cutest little guy . like a angel , you know . he have this smile ... ( choke up again ) fuck , I do not even remember this picture . hiding he emotion , jacob scramble over the bed and reach for a pair of pants . he pull out he wallet and then carefully put the photo of gabe inside . it join photo of he two other boy . jezzie begin shove the remain picture back into the paper bag . jacob wait . do not . jezzie I do not like thing that make you cry . jacob I just want to look ... he reach into the pile for other snapshot . we see a array of freeze moment , happy , unfocus , obscure . suddenly he stop and stare at a yellowing snapshot . jacob God , this be I ! ( he hold up a baby photo ) look . it 's date right after I be bear . ( he stare at it intently ) what a kid . cute , huh ? so much promise . jezzie survey the scene . jezzie it 's amazing , huh Jake ? you whole life ... right in front of you . ( she pause before make she final pronouncement ) what a mess ! int . hallway - day jezzie carry the garbage to a incinerator room down the hall . she be carry several bag . two of they be toss instantly down the chute . she hesitates with the third . after a moment she reach into it and pull out a handful of photo . they be picture of jacob and sarah . with cool deliberation she drop they down the chute . a apartment door slam shut . quickly she dispose of the picture remain in she hand . jacob open the door to the tiny room as the bag fill with the memory of he life fall to the fire below . jacob ready ? jezzie just gettin ' rid of the garbage . jacob and jezzie , both wear postal uniform , head for the elevator . they be surprised that it have arrive promptly . jezzie reach out and playfully stick she tongue into jacob 's ear . he pull she into the elevator . they disappear , laugh , behind its close door . ext . new york CITY - day jacob be drive a mail truck through the crowded street of midtown Manhattan . as he drive he be hum to himself a rendition of Al jolson 's " sonny Boy . " jacob stop he truck in front of a laundry on West 46th Street . he open the back door and pull a stack of box toward he . he lift they with effort and slam the door with he foot . it do not close . he consider give it another whack but the box be heavy . he turn instead and waddle toward the store . int . laundry - day a heavyset woman with a dark tan be stand behind a counter cluttere with laundry . a picture of Richard Nixon be still staple to the wall . she look at jacob . woman where do you expect I to put that ? I do not have any room . she try clear the counter , but it do not help . woman ( continue ) how ' bout over there ? ( she point to a table ) no wait . do I a favor . bring them to the back room . jacob they be awfully heavy . woman I know . that 's why I be ask . jacob waddle reluctantly toward the back of the store . chinese launderer be hover over pile of clothes . steam from the press machine shoot into the air . jacob ( huffing and puffing ) where 's Wong ? woman that 's what I would like to know . if you see he on the street somewhere , tell he he 's fire . jacob stoops to put the box on the shelf . there be a snap sound and he wince in pain . massage he back , jacob unfold some papers for the woman 's signature . jacob how be Palm Springs ? woman hot . where do I sign ? jacob ( point to the line ) you get a nice tan , though . woman Tan ? what tan ? it fade on the airplane . I would try to get my money back , but who do you ask ? ( she look heavenward ) two hundred dollar a night , for what ? she hand jacob the wrong sheet . jacob no. I will take the other one . ( he take it ) right . well it 's good to have you back . see you tomorrow , probably . woman if you be lucky . jacob smile to himself as he leave the store . he walk carefully . his back be out . int . mail truck - day angle on the mail truck stick in traffic . nothing be move . horn be blaring and driver be agitate . jacob reach for a newspaper lie on top of he mail bag . to he shock one of the bag appear to move . curious , jacob poke at it . instantly a terrifying figure pop out from beneath it and stare at he with a frightening glare . jacob jump back , stunne . it be a moment before he realize that he be look at a old wino who have be sleep in the truck . the man 's face be cover in strange bump . jacob goddamn it ! what the hell ... ? wino ( plead ) I do not take nothin' . I be just napping . do not hit I . I be cold . jacob ( lift the man up ) what the hell do you think you be do ? you can not do this . this be government property . he begin open the door . the wino beg . wino do not throw I out . they be gonna get I . they will tear I to piece . he hold on to jacob 's leg . jacob try to pull away . jacob come on . you can not stay here . wino please ! I never hurt anybody when I be alive . believe I . I do not belong here . jacob give the wino a strange look and then escort he from the truck . a hundred eye peer out of motionless car and follow he as he lead the wino to the sidewalk . jacob pull a dollar bill from he pocket and place it in the wino 's hand . the old man crumple it into a ball and turn away . he have a frighten look on he face . jacob return to the truck shaking he head . jacob New York ! he climb into he seat and glance into he rear view mirror . he notice the wino edging fearfully along the side of a building . a horn honk and traffic begin move . when jacob look back the wino be no longer there . int . garage - day jacob drive he mail truck into the huge post office parking garage on 34th Street . his mind seem distract . he have difficulty parking . int . post office - day we see a vast room fill with hundred of people sorting and move mail . jacob , carry a bag of McDonald 's hamburger , walk stiffly through the aisle , he leave hand rub he back . several worker greet he and grab for he french fries . he offer they around . angle on a conveyor belt sorting mail . a hand reach in , correct mistake . suddenly a hamburger pass by . jezzie look up and smile . jezzie Jake ! jacob how 's it go ? she take the hamburger and shrug . jacob ( continue ) I be go home . jezzie what 's wrong ? jacob I do not know . one of this day , I be gonna see Louis . my back 's kill I . jezzie now ? what about the boss ? he 's not gonna like it . jacob shrug . jezzie ( continue ) well , I will miss riding home with you . I be look forward to it . jacob I will be glad to avoid the crush . jezzie I enjoy crush into you . she grab he and hug he tightly . jacob gently . my back . jezzie ignore he and squeeze again . int . chiropractic office - day CUT on a scream to jacob in a chiropractor's office . he be lie on a long leather padded device that look like a instrument of torture . louis , the chiropractor , be a giant of a man , 280 pound . he be adjust jacob 's spine . louis come on , Jake . that do not hurt . jacob how do you know ? louis I know you . how come you be so tense today ? jacob what can I tell you ? louis I see Sarah the other day . jacob her knee act up ? louis a bit . jacob what do she have to say ? louis turn on you right side . ( he turn on he leave ) how about the other " right ? " ( jacob turn back ) I do not understand you philospher . you have get the whole world figure out but you can not remember the difference between right and leave . jacob I be absent the day they teach that in school . what do she say ? louis who ? jacob Sarah . louis not much . she 's like you that way . two clam . no wonder you marriage do not last . put you hand under you head . take a breath and then let it out . he make a rapid adjustment push down on jacob 's thigh . jacob groan . louis ( continue ) ah , good . now turn to you leave . jacob she talk about the boy ? louis she say she can not get they new coat because you have not send the alimony for three month . jacob she tell you that ? ( he shake he head ) do she tell you about the $ 2,000 I be still pay for the orthodontist ? I will bet she do not mention that . louis she say you be a son of a bitch and she regret the day she set eye on you . jacob I think you say she do not say much . louis she do not . that 's about all she say . put you hand up . good . I think she still love you . take a breath and let it out . he make a adjustment . jacob scream . jacob love I !? she have not say a kind word about I in year ! louis right . she do not stop talk about you . you be always on she mind . that 's love , Jake . jacob she hate I , Louis . louis you should go back to she . jacob what ? she throw I out , remember . she want some professor to carry she far away from Brooklyn . only we do not make it . she can not forgive I that she still life in the same house she grow up in . louis her problem be that you spend eight year get a phd and then go to work for the post office . jacob what can I tell you , Louis ? after nam I do not want to think anymore . I decide my brain be too small a organ to comprehend this chaos . louis ( look at jacob with affection ) if it be any other brain but yours , I might agree . relax , this be go to be strong . jacob I can not relax . louis wiggle you toe . jacob wiggle he toe . at that instant , louis twist jacob 's neck rapidly . there be a loud crack sound . ext . vietnam - night there be a flash of light . a man rush at the camera yell . man I find one . he 's alive . he shine a flashlight into the lens create ring and halos . chiropractic office - day suddenly louis reappear , a halo effect still visible behind he head . jacob God almighty . what do you do to I ? louis I have to get in there . a deep adjustment . Rest a moment and let it set a bit . jacob I have this weird flash just then . louis what ? jacob I do not know . I have be have they recently . ( he think a moment , then change the subject ) you know , you look like a angel , Louis , a overgrown cherub . anyone ever tell you that ? louis yeah . you . every time I see you . no more errol Flynn , okay ? you back will not take it . you tell you girl friend to calm down if she know what 's good for you . jacob Louis , you be a life saver . louis I know . ext . brooklyn street - evening jacob be walk down nostrand Avenue . he be sing to himself and imitate Al jolson . jacob when there be gray sky , I do not mind the gray sky , as long as there 's you ... he hum . it be near dusk and light be just come on . the shop window have a particularly garish look about they . the mannequin be dress in inexpensive , almost tawdry , clothes and have a pathetic appearance . a few shop have set up they Christmas decoration . the ornamentation seem strangely out of place ; almost blasphemous . jacob pass a street gang stand in the doorway of a local drug store . they chortle and make taunting sound . girl ( shaking she tit , sing ) " hey , Mr. postman ... " jacob stop and stare at they . to they surprise , he begin to sing with they . he know the word . they like that . it be a sweet moment . jacob continue walk . he come to a cross street . the light be green . he be still sing to himself and do not notice a black car sharging around the corner . the car be move at full speed , head straight toward he . a young man walk a few step behind yell out . young man look out ! jacob turn and see the car . he scoot out of the way but it swerve in he direction . the young man call out again . young man jump ! with a huge thrust , jacob hurl himself onto the curb as the car shoot by . two men be peer at he from the back seat . they be laugh like mad and shaking they head . they do not look human . jacob yell and wave he fist , to no effect . after a moment he turn to thank the young man whose scream have save he , but he be go . int . jacob be apt . - dusk jacob and jezzie be lie in bed . they be a sensual couple and even in quiet , reflective moment such as this , they positioning be erotic and stimulate . both of they be nude . jacob 's hand be clasped behind he neck and he be stare mournfully at the ceiling . jezzie be lie on she side , she leave leg drape across jacob 's pelvis . her head be propped up on she right arm while she leave hand stroke the bayonet scar on jacob 's stomach . neither be talk . suddenly , out of the blue , jezzie speak . jezzie maybe it 's all the pressure , Jake . the money . thing like that . or you wife . jacob why do you bring she up ? jezzie ' Cause she 's always on you mind . jacob when be the last time I say a word ? jezzie it have nothin ' to do with talkin' . she pause for a while , long enough to suppose that the conversation be over . then she continue . jezzie ( continue ) or maybe it 's the war . jacob close he eye . jezzie ( continue ) it 's still there , Jake . ( she point to he brain ) even if you never say a word about it . you can not spend two year in Vietnam ... jacob ( annoyed ) what do that have to do with anything ? do it explain the barricade subway station ? do it explain that godforsake creature ? jezzie New York be fill with creature . everywhere . and lot of station be close . jacob they be like demon , jez . jezzie demon , Jake ? come on . they be wino and bag lady . low life . that 's all they be . the street be crawl with them . do not make they into something ' they be not . ( she rub he forehead ) it 's the pressure , honey . that 's all it be . jacob that guy try to kill I tonight . they be aim right at I . jezzie kid on a joy ride . happens all the time . jacob they be not human ! jezzie come on . what be they , Jake ? jacob do not answer . he turn over on he stomach . jezzie stare at he naked back and drag she fingernails down to he buttock . scratch mark follow in they wake . jezzie you still love I ? he do not respond . int . jacob be kitchen - day jacob and jezzie be sit at the breakfast table . jezzie be read the National Enquirer and chew at she lip . suddenly a drop of blood form and fall onto the formica table top . stare at it for a moment , she wipe it with she finger and then lick it with she tongue . jacob be nursing a cup of coffee and stare out the window at the housing project across the way . the toaster pop . jezzie jump . she get up , butter she toast , and return to she paper . jezzie say here the world 's comin ' to a end . the battle of heaven and hell they call it . should be quite a show ; firework , h-bomb , and everything . you believe they , Jake ? jacob do not answer . jezzie ( continue ) I neither ... God , look at this . two head . only live two day . a day for each head . could you imagine I with two head ? we would probably keep each other up all night - argue and whatnot . you wanna see the picture ? he do not respond . jezzie get up and walk over to jacob . stand in front of he she slowly unty she robe and let it fall apart . she be naked underneath it . sensuously she lean forward , unbutton he shirt , and stroke he chest . she wait for a response from he , but there be none . he sit silently , disinterested . furious , jezzie turn away . grabbing the vacuum cleaner from the broom closet she angrily unravel the cord and switch it on . breast flash from beneath she gown as the vacuum roar back and forth across the floor . jezzie ( continue ) goddamn you son-of -a-bitch ! my uncle 's dog use to treat I better than you do . at least they would lick my toe once in a while . at least they show some fuck interest . a neighbor bang on the wall , shouting . jezzie all right ! all right ! all right ! jacob peer at the courtyard eighteen storey below and watch the pattern of early morning movement . tiny figure drift purposefully over the concrete . suddenly the vasuum cleaner go off . in the silence , jacob realize that jezzie be cry and turn to see she curl over the kitchen table . he walk to she side and stroke she hair . jezzie begin to sob . after a moment she look at he with puffy eye . jezzie you love I ? he nod he head " yes . " she smile coyly and rub she hair like a kitten against he crotch . after a few moment she speak . jezzie ( continue ) della 's party 's tonight . why do not we go ? it will take you minf offa thing . and I will not make you dance . I promise . huh ? ( he nod he head in consent . jezzie hug he ) you still love I , Jake ? he nod he head again , only heavily , as though the question exhaust he . int . bellvue hospital - day jacob be in the " mental Health Clinic " at bellvue hospital walk through the psychiatric emergency room . it be overflow with people . some be handcuff to they chair . policemen be with they . jacob approach the main reception desk . he speak nervously . jacob I would like to speak to Dr. carlson , please . receptionist carlson ? be he new here ? jacob New ? he 's be here for year . she shrug and look at a log book . receptionist not accord to my chart . do you have a appointment ? jacob ( shaking he head ) look , I need to see he . I know where he room be . just give I a pass . I will not be long . ten minute . receptionist we doctor be see by appointment only . jacob damn it . I be in the veteran 's out - patient program . he know I . receptionist ( not happy ) what 's you name ? jacob Jacob Singer . she walk over to a file drawer and go through it several time before come back over to jacob . receptionist I be sorry but there 's no record of a Jacob Singer in we file . jacob whataya mean , no record ? receptionist you want I to spell it out ? there 's nothing here . jacob that 's ridiculous . I have be come here for year . listen to I . I be go out of my fuck mind here . I need to see he . receptionist if this be a emergency we have a staff of psychiatric social worker . there 's about a hour 's wait . I will be glad to take you name . why do not you just fill out this form ? jacob goddamn it ! I do not want a social worker . carlson know I . jacob pound the desk , rattling a tiny African violet and knock the receptionist 's form to the floor . she grunt angrily and stoops to retrieve they . stand up she cap hit a drawer handle and slip off . two knuckle -like horn protrude from she skull where the cap have be . jacob 's eye lock on they like radar . he back away . she immediately replace she cap and break the spell , but she eye glare at he with demonic intensity . jacob , freak , angry , turn and run toward the " in patient " door . receptionist hey ! you can not go in there ! jacob do not stop . a policeman , guard the entrance , run after he . jacob charge through the interior corridor of the aging institution . a line of mental patient , all hold hand , be move down the hall . they break rank as he charge by and begin to scream . they attendant try to calm they down but the sight of the policeman increase they hysteria . they grab hold of he as he try to get by . policeman let go ! get away ! int . group room - day jacob dash out of view . he run down another corridor , wildly search for a specific room . he find it and rush inside . he be surprised to find a group of men and women seat in a circle . they all look up at he . leader can I help you ? jacob I be look for Dr. carlson . be not this he office ? the leader stare at he uncomfortably . after a moment he get up and take jacob into a corner of the room . everyone be watch they . the leader speak quietly . leader I be so sorry . obviously you have not ... Dr. carlson die . jacob ( stunne ) die ? leader a car accident . jacob Jesus , Jesus ! ... when ? leader last month , before Thanksgiving . jacob how do it happen ? leader no one know . they say it blow up . jacob ( grow pale ) blew up ? what do you mean it blow up ? the leader shrug and try to put he arm around jacob , but he pull away . leader do you want I to get someone ? jacob no. no . it 's okay . I be okay . he back quickly to the door . as he turn to leave he realize that all of the people in the group be watch he intently . unsettle , jacob hurry back into the hallway . he be frighten and confuse . suddenly a voice call out . policeman hey you ! mailman ! jacob turn and see the policeman wait for he . his gun be draw . policeman hold it . just hold it . where the hell do you think you be ? this be Bellevue , for God 's sake . people run around here get shot . the group leader poke he head out of the door and motion to the policeman . leader it 's alright . he 's okay . policeman ( nodd , reholstering he gun ) come on , get out of here . I would not want to interfere with the U.S. mail . he lead jacob toward the lobby . jacob do not look back . int . della' apt . - night we hear loud dance music . sly and the family stone . jacob be with some post office employees at a crowded party in a small apartment . a drunk be tell a bad joke and try to hold a glass of wine at the same time . it be constantly on the verge of spilling . jacob be fixate on it . in the background , we see jezzie dance and motion for jacob to join she . he nod no . the drunk , who keep ask people if they " get it , " take jacob 's head nodd as a sign of confusion and keep try to re-explain the joke . jacob hear a strange noise and look around . it seem to be come from a cover bird cage . he go over to it and lift the cover . the bird be flap its wing wildly as if try to get out . the sound , loud and insistent , startles he . he lower the cover . in the dine room , several people be gather around elsa , a attractive black woman who be read palm . she see jacob and call over the music . elsa hey , you ! let I look at you hand ! jacob shrug . della , dance nearby , call out . della go on Jake . she read them like a book . jacob no , thanks . della it 's fun . CUT to a close up of jacob be hand . elsa be squeezing the mound and examine the line . what begin as a playful expression on she face turn suddenly serious . she reach for he other hand and compare the two of they . jezzie look over from she dance and eye the scene jealously . elsa you have a unusual hand . jacob I could have tell you that . elsa you see this line here ? it 's you life line . here 's where you be bear . and this be where you get marry . you be a marry man , huh ? oh oh. nope. divorce . see this split . she study he life line with grow concern . jezzie try to get jacob 's attention . he ignore she . elsa ( continue ) you know , you get a strange line here . jacob ( examine it ) it 's short , huh ? elsa short ? it 's end . jacob ( laugh ) oh , terrific . elsa it 's not funny . accord to this ... you be already dead . jacob ( smile ) just my luck . CUT to : the dancers . they movement be loose and get looser . the music be strong and insistent . the smokey atmosphere disfigure the dancer and give they a strange , distort appearance . suddenly jezzie break from the crowd and reach for jacob . he pull away . some of the male dancers call out to he . dancers come on man , show you stuff . jacob be easily intimidate . relenting , he glare at jezzie and nod apologetically to elsa . it be obvious that he be embarrassed at he inadequacy on the dance floor . man come on professor . you get foot , too . jacob try to smile but it be pain and unconvincing . jezzie be play with he , mimick he movement . a number of dancers notice and laugh , which only increase he discomfort . jezzie 's taunting have a strange effect on jacob . he grow distant and withdraw , even though he body be still go through the motion of the dance . a man tap jezzie on the shoulder . she spin around , smile , and begin dance with he . jacob be leave alone , dance by himself . he look away , uncomfortable . in the shadow a woman kneel close to the floor . she seem to be urinate on the carpet . jacob be shocked . several dancers obscure he view . he turn around . a pregnant woman stand half naked in the kitchen . jacob can not believe what he see . in the next room , past jezzie , jacob glimpsis a terrifying image , a man whose head seem to be vibrate at such enormous speed that it have lose all definition . something about the image compel and frighten jacob . slowly he approach it . as he draw nearer to it the torture image let out a scream of such pain and unearthly terror that jacob back away . a woman , laugh , grab jacob , spin he around , and begin dance with he . he be totally disorient . woman hold I , baby ! she take jacob 's arm and guide it to she back . the camera follow he hand as it reach the smooth skin beneath she sexy , loose fitting dress . he run he finger up to she shoulder blade . then , suddenly , he recoil . her back be a mass of shoulder blade , hundred of strange , bony protrusion . jacob gasp . out of the blue , jezzie lean into he and wiggle she tongue in he ear . jacob , startle , jerk he head and he glass go fly to the floor . jacob shit ! he stoops down blindly to pick they up . shoe just miss he finger as he dig between dance leg try to recover they . miraculously , he grab the spectacle just before they be crush and slip they back on . instantly he world come back into focus . as he stand , jacob be surprised to find jezzie face he , gyrate in wild abandon . there be a huge , satisfied smile on she face . she grab he hand as if encourage he to dance but it be obvious that she be dance to she own rhythm . jacob stare at she , confuse . it take he a moment to realize that she smile be not for he . stand behind jezzie be another dancer , he hand around she waist . they be move together , lock in erotic embrace . it appear that he be mount she from behind . look down we see that the dancer 's foot be deform . they have a bizarre clubbed appearance and look very much like hoof . they skid and careen amidst the dance foot . something horrible and winglike flap behind jezzie 's back . we can not make out what it be , but it elicit a primal terror . before jacob can react , jezzie open she mouth . with a roaring sound , a spike horn erupt from she throat . it jut menacingly from between she tooth and thrust into the air . a circle of dancers scream out in excited approval . CUT to jacob 's face as it register terror and disbelief . he stare at the dancers who be crowd around he . they have become perverse , corrupt aspect of they normal selve . jacob grab he eye as though try to pull the vision from he head but it will not go away . the music throbs . his action become spastic , almost delirious . jacob be out of control . his frenzy become a kind of exorcism , a desperate attempt to free himself from he body and he mind . we move in on he as he eye pass beyond pain . the dark wall of the apartment fade away . ext . vietnam - night strange face in infantry helmet appear in the darkness , outline by a bright moon that be emerge from behind a cloud . the face be look down and voice be speak . voice he 's burn up . voice total delirium . voice that 's some gash . his gut keep spilling out . voice push them back . jacob ( v.o. ) help I ! his eye focus on the moon . ring of light emenate from it fill the sky with they sparkling brilliance . the ring draw we forward with a quicken intensity that grow into exhilate speed . the rush cause they to flash stroboscopically and produce a dazzle , almost sensual , surge of color . the display be spectacular and compelling . Music can be hear in the distance , grow hard and insistent , like a heart beat . heavy breathe accompany the sound . the stroboscopic flash be replace by intense flash of red and blue light . the music grow louder and reach a thunder crescendo . then silence . int . della' apt . - night the apartment reappear in all its normalcy . the neon sign be still flash outside the window . dancers be smile and sweat . cheer and applause ring out for jacob and jezzie but jacob barely hear they . jezzie hug he tightly . people smack he on the back . admirer you be out of you mind , man . out of you fuckin ' mind . woman Jake , you little devil . you never tell I you could dance like that . man jezzie , what do you put in he drink ? jezzie smile while pull jacob to a corner chair . he plop down . his chest be heaving and he be grab hold of he stomach . hie face be frighten and distort . jezzie you okay ? jacob I wanna leave . get I out of here . jezzie oh , come on . it 's early . jacob ( pull jezzie close to he , he voice fill with paranoia ) where be we ? jezzie ( surprised by the question ) we be at della 's . jacob where ? jezzie what do you mean ? where do you think ? jacob where 's della ? bring she here ? jezzie why ? what for ? jacob show I della ! jezzie ( confuse ) hey , I be here . jacob eye she with a plead look . annoy , jezzie leave jacob and cross the room . he watch she as she go . jacob be hold he stomach and rock painfully . moment later jezzie return with della . della hiya Jake . that be some dance . jacob ( stare at she closely ) della ? della ( feel the strangeness ) you want to see I ? well , here I be . jacob I see . della what do you want ? jacob just to see you . that 's all . della ( a bit uncomfortable ) well , how do I look ? jacob like della . suddenly jacob break out in a dense sweat and begin shaking . his entire body be convulsive . jezzie be you feel all right ? shit , you be burn up . feel he forehead . della ( check he forehead and cheek ) damn , that 's hot . maybe from dance . jezzie I think you should lie down . jacob be shaking uncontrollably . people be gather around . jezzie ( continue ) can not you stop it ? jacob if I could stop it , I would stop it . woman be he sick ? della he 's on fire . elsa let I help you . she reach out to jacob . unexpectedly he recoil , jump to he foot like a wild man . he begin to scream . jacob stay away from I ! do not you come near I ! all of you . go to hell ! go to hell , goddamn you ! stay away ! jezzie stare at jacob with a confuse and embarrassed look . a man whisper to she . man I will call a cab . int . jacob be apt . - night jacob be lie in bed in he own bedroom with a thermometer in he mouth . jezzie be pace the floor with great agitation . jezzie I have never be so mortify in my whole life . never ! scream like that . I do not understand what 's get into you , Jake , to make you do a thing like that . you be not act normal . I have live with too many crazy in my life . I do not want it anymore . I can not handle it . I be tired of man flipping out on I . shit , you would think it be my fault . well you pick I , remember that . I do not need this . the neighbor pound on the wall . jezzie ( continue ) all right ! all right ! jezzie jab she finger at the wall . jezzie ( continue ) if you go crazy on I you be goin ' crazy by yourself . you understand ? jezzie reach for he mouth and pull out the thermometer . she look at it closely and then squint to see it better . jacob what 's it say ? a hundred and two ? jezzie I do not believe this . I be call the doctor . she run out of the room . jacob call after she . jacob what do it say ? jezzie ( v.o. ) it 's go to the top . jacob how high be that ? jezzie ( v.o. ) the number stop at 107 . jezzie be on the phone to the doctor in the next room . jacob begin shaking again and reach for the extra blanket at the foot of the bed . he pull it up around he shoulder . the whole bed vibrate with he shiver . suddenly jezzie rush through the bedroom and into the bathroom . she turn on the bath water . jacob what the hell be you doin ' ? jezzie get you clothes off . jacob what be you talk about ? I be freezing . jezzie get you clothes off ! jacob give she a confuse look as she rush back to the kitchen . jacob what would the doctor say ? jezzie ( v.o. ) that you would die on the way to the hospital . now get into that tub . jacob stare at she as she burst back into the bedroom carry four trays of ice cube . she hurry into the bathroom and dump they in the tub . jezzie ( v.o. ) he 's come right over . jacob come here ? jezzie ( v.o. ) goddamn it . get in here . I can not stand around wait . she rush out of the bathroom and pull jacob out of bed . he be shaking violently and she have difficulty navigate across the room and undress he at the same time . she maneuver he into the bathroom next to the tub . he look down at the ice cube float in the water . jacob you be out of you mind . I be not get in there . I would rather die . jezzie that 's you decision . jacob look at I . I be ice cold . jezzie you be red hot , damn it . get in there . I have get to get more ice . she run out of the room . the door to the apartment slam shut . jacob stick he toe into the water and pull it out again instantly . jacob oh Jesus ! he stick he whole foot in and grit he tooth as the ice cold water turn he foot bright red . he keep it in as long as he can and then yank it out , quickly wrapping it in a towel . jacob rub he foot vigorously to get rid of the sting and stare at the water , afraid of its pain . int . corridor - night jezzie be run up and down the corridor knock on door and collect ice cube from that who will answer . she hurry back to the bathroom with several people behind she carry additional ice trays . one of the men be shifting the trays in he hand to avoid the burn cold . int . jacob' bathroom as jezzie enter the bathroom , jacob be sit on the rim of the tub with the water up to he calve , shiver vigorously . jacob I can not do it . jezzie what kind of man be you ? she unload two trays into the water . jacob do not gimme that . jezzie lie down ! jacob ( plead ) jezzie ! my foot be throbbing ! jezzie ( call out ) Sam , tony , come in here . jacob hey , I be not dress . SAM you get nothin ' we be not see before . SAM and tony grab hold of jacob who wrestle to get away . jacob get the hell off I . tony he 's like a hot coal . SAM it 's for you own good , Jake . jacob let go of I , you son of bitch . the two men struggle with jacob and force he into the water . tony wince when the water hit he arm . jacob nearly fly out of the tub . the two men fight to hold he down . jacob scream and cry for the men to let he go but they keep he flat on he back . jacob ( continue ) I be freezing ! I be freezing ! goddamn you ! tony ( he hand turn red ) Sam , I can not take it . SAM do not you let go . tony jez , get help . my hand be kill I . jacob help I ! help I ! jezzie ( to tony ) here . I will do it . tony take he leg . SAM run you hand under hot water . mrs . carmichael come in . mrs . carmichael I have some ice from the machine . jezzie bring it in . mrs . carmichael be he all right ? jezzie he do not like it . mrs . carmichael I do not blame he . what should I do with the ice ? jezzie pour it in . mrs . carmichael on top of he ? jezzie he 's melting it as fast as we dump it in . mrs . carmichael okay . my husband 's get two more bag . he 's come . they be heavy . tony help she pour the ice into the water . jacob yell . jacob oh God ! you be kill I ! stop ! int . a bedroom - night CUT to jacob lie in a bedroom we have not see before . he be toss and turn in he bed as though struggle to get out . suddenly he sit up and look over at the window . it be open and the shade be flap . cold air be blow in and he be shiver . jacob damn ! you and you fresh air . he jump out of bed and go over to the window . he push at the frame and it come fly down with a loud bang . a woman in the bed sit up . it be sarah . sarah what be that ? jacob it 's freezing . sarah I be not cold . jacob of course not . you have all the blanket . it must be ten degree in here . I be tell you , Sarah , if you want to sleep with fresh air , you sleep on the fire escape . from now on that window be close . sarah it 's not healthy with it close . jacob this be healthy ? I will probably die of pneumonia tomorrow and this be healthy . he settles back into bed and pull the cover back over to he side . he lie quietly for a moment , think . jacob ( continue ) what a dream I be have . I be live with another woman ... you know who it be ? sarah I do not want to know . jacob Jezebel , from the post office . you remember , you meet she that time at the Christmas party . I be live with she . God , it be a nightmare . there be all this demon and I be on fire . only I be burn from ice . sarah guilty thought . see what happen when you cheat on I , even in you mind ? jacob she be good in bed , though . sarah go to sleep . jacob she have this real beefy thigh . delicious . sarah I think you say it be a nightmare ? suddenly , out of nowhere , we hear the tinkling sound of a music box . a young boy enter the room , carry a musical lunch BOX in he arm . he be wear a long T-shirt nearly down to he ankle . we recognize he from he photograph . it be gabe . gabe daddy , what be that noise ? jacob ( surprised to see he ) gabe ? ( he stare curiously at he son ) what be you do ... ? gabe there be a bang . jacob it be the window . gabe it 's cold . jacob tell you mother . gabe Mom , it 's ... sarah I hear you . go back to sleep . gabe will you tuck I in ? sarah ( not happily ) oh ... all right . she start to rise . jacob stop she and get up instead . he whisk gabe upside down and carry he into he gabe bedroom - night bedroom , lick he belly and tickle he all the way . gabe laugh and snuggle into he pillow as soon as he hit the bed . jed , 9 , and eli , 7 , be both in bunk bed across the room . jed look up . jed dad ? jacob jed . it 's the middle of the night . ( he kiss gabe and go over to jed in the lower bunk ) what 's up ? jed you forget my allowance . jacob you allowance ? it 's five a.m . we will talk at breakfast . jed okay , but do not forget . suddenly another voice pipe in from the top bunk . eli I love you , dad . jacob smile . jacob what be this , a convention ? I love you , too , pickle . now go back to sleep . he turn to leave . gabe wait ... daddy . jacob now what ? gabe do not go . jacob do not go ? ( he smile ) I be not go anywhere . I be right here , gabe . ( he look at he son tenderly ) come on , go back to sleep . you can still get a couple of hour . he hug he warmly and then walk to the door . gabe ... I love you . there be deep emotion and seriousness in gabe 's word . jacob be strike by they . gabe ( continue ) do not shut the door . jacob nod and leave it a tiny bit ajar . gabe ( continue ) a bit more ... a bit more . jacob adjust the open enough to please gabe and make he secure . gabe smile and cuddle in he bed . int . sarah' bedroom - night jacob settles back into bed . sarah turn over and get comfortable . jacob lie on he back face the ceiling . he pull the blanket up to he neck . he be overcome with feeling of sadness and long . jacob I love you , Sarah . she smile warmly . his eye close and in a matter of second he be back asleep . ext . vietnam - pre dawn we hear summer morning sound , cricket and bird . the image of tree materialize overhead and a beautiful pink sky , just before sunrise , can be see through the branch . it be a idyllic set . suddenly a strange sound can be hear in the distance , a metallic hum , grow louder . there be a scramble of foot and a sound of heavy boot move through the tall grass . voice can be hear . Men 's voice . voice they be here . voice thank God . move them out ! voice bust you ball ! voice move it ! move it ! there be a instant swell of activity . tree and branch blur and speed by overhead . the idyllic image of moment before reveal itself as a p.o.v. shot . the camera race out of a jungle cover and into a huge clearing . High overhead a helicopter appear . its blade whirl with a deafen whine . Long line drop from its belly and dangle in mid-air . soldier leap up into the air reach for they . the air be fill with turbulence . tarps fly off dead body . soldier hold they down . voice yell but the word be not clear . they be fill with urgency . the camera leave the ground . the edge of the sky disappear as the helicopter 's gray mass fill the frame . it grow larger and darker as the camera approach . rivets and insignia dotting the underbelly come into view . suddenly the stretcher begin spin , out of control . hand emerge from inside , reach out to grab it . watery , womb-like sound rise out of nowhere , the rippling of water , a heart beat . gradually voice can be hear mumble ; distant sound , warm and familiar . int . bathroom - night jacob 's doctor reach down to help he out of the tub . surprisingly jezzie and mrs . carmichael be stand there too . jacob stare at they in total confusion . doctor you be a lucky man , my friend . a lucky man . you must have friend in high place , that 's all I can say . SAM and tony appear next to the doctor . they be extend they hand to the p.o.v. camera . jacob be arm , nearly blue , reach out to they . slowly they lift he from the icy water . jacob take one step onto the tile and collapse to the floor . CUT to black : int . jacob be bedroom - day fade in sound of foot shuffle across the carpet . a glass rattles on a tray . a television be on low in the background . slowly the camera lens open from jacob 's p.o.v. and we see jezzie putter around the bedroom . suddenly she be aware that jacob be watch she . she smile . jezzie Jake . ( she place she hand on he head and stroke he hair ) you be gonna be all right , Jake . you be gonna be fine . jacob be I home ? jezzie you be here . Home . the doctor say you be lucky you brain do not boil . ( she smile ) what a night , Jake . it be crazy . you keep sayin ' " Sarah , close the window , " over and over . and talkin ' to you kid . even the dead one . weird . you know you melt 200 pound of ice in 8 hour . amazing , huh ? jacob be we in Brooklyn ? jezzie you be right here , Jake . you just rest . ( she puff up he pillow ) the doctor say you have a virus . that 's what they say when they do not know what it be . you can not do anything for a week . he say you gotta recuperate . ( she stroke he forehead , and get up ) now you just lie here . Mrs. sandelman make you some chicken soup . it will warm you up . jezzie leave the room . jacob watch she as she go . he seem lose and confuse . int . jacob be kitchen - day jacob , unshaven , wear he bathrobe , be sit at the kitchen table . pile of book on demonology be spread out before he . he study they to distraction . jezzie be stand by the counter make sandwich . she wrap they in plastic baggy and put one in a lunch box , another in the refrigerator . she be dress in she postal uniform . jezzie you know , you really ought to get out today . you can not just sit around like this all the time . it 's not healthy . it 's not good for you mind . go take a walk , or somethin' . go to a movie . Christ , who 's gonna know ? you think I care ? I do not give a shit . go. enjoy yourself . one of we should be have a good time . ( jezzie knock on jacob 's head ) hello ! anybody home ? ( she look in he ear ) anybody in there ? jacob what ? jezzie just stare at he . she do not respond . jacob return to he book . CUT to close up image of winged demon , real demon , with spindly horn and long tail . jacob 's huge finger , magnify , scan page after page of ancient image and archaic text . jezzie , enraged at he lack of attention , return to pack she lunch box . suddenly she spin around . jezzie goddamn it ! I can not stand it anymore . I have have it up to here . go ahead and rot if you want ... you son-of - a - bitch , I be talk to you . CUT back to the demon . suddenly a crash sound catch jacob 's attention as a kitchen pot fly by he head . he look up to see jezzie knock pot and pan off the kitchen counter and kick they wildly across the room . the noise be terrible . the intensity of she rage be shocking . the pot crash into every surface , knock all he book onto the floor . and then , suddenly , she stop . jezzie stoops down to the floor and pick up she sandwich , stuff it back in its plastic baggie , and put it back in she lunch box . she be about to leave when she stop and look at jacob . jezzie ( continue , she anger in check ) I make you a tuna fish sandwich . it 's in the fridge . eat a carrot with it . the aspirin' on the bottom shelf . we be out of soap so , if for some reason you decide to wash yourself again , use the dishwash stuff . ( she walk out of the room and return with she coat ) I be sorry I yell , but you get on my nerve . ( she bend down and make eye contact with jacob ) hello ? listen , I gotta go . jezzie sit on he lap , give he a big kiss , and then , unexpectedly , raise two finger , like horn , over she head . the gesture catch jacob 's full attention . jezzie ( continue ) look , I be horny . keep it in mind . ( she kiss he cheek ) Love I a little ? jacob ( speak with affection ) you be the most unbelievable woman I have ever meet . one second you be a scream banshee and the next you be Florence nightingale . who be you ? that 's what I want to know . will the real jezzie pipkin please stand up . suddenly the telephone ring . it startles they . jezzie oh shit . tell them I have leave . jezzie grab she jacket and shove she arm in it upside down . a pocketful of change fall on the floor . jacob smile . jezzie curse as she struggle to pick it up and get the jacket on right . jacob get the phone . jacob hello . paul ( v.o. ) Jacob Singer ? jacob speak . paul ( v.o. ) Paul gruneger ! jacob Paul gruneger ! well I will be goddamn ! jacob indicate it 's for he . jezzie throw he a kiss goodbye and hurry out the door . jacob ( continue ) Paul ! you son-of -a-bitch , how the hell be you ? I have not see you in what , five , six , year ? paul ( v.o. ) a long time . jacob Jesus Christ . how have you be ? what 's happen in you life ? paul ( v.o. ) nothin ' much . jacob I neither . nothing too exciting . so tell I , to what do I owe the honor ? paul ( v.o. ) I need to see you , Jake . jacob shit , Paul . I would love to see you . but I be kind of laid up here . I have be sick . paul ( v.o. ) I need to see you . int . paul be car - day jacob and paul be drive through east new york head toward williamsburg . the elevate train rumble above they . jacob pat paul on the back . jacob Jesus , man , you look terrific . you must have put on twenty pound . paul I work in a bakery . jacob you be lucky . how many vet you know be even employ ? paul Count them on one hand . jacob it 's almost like a conspiracy , huh ? paul no joke . fuckin ' army ! that goddamn war . I be still fightin ' it . jacob it 's not worth it . you will never win . paul you tellin ' I ? how many time can you die , huh ? paul look in he rear view mirror before change lane . he see a black car tagging close behind he . he pull out . so do the car . paul ( continue ) still marry , Jake ? jacob nope . paul you and everybody else . God I hate this area . make I nervous . jacob why the hell we drivin ' here ? paul I just need to talk . jacob you can not talk in brownsville ? paul I be not sure where I can talk anymore . jacob what 's wrong ? paul let 's get a couple drink , okay ? ( he look at he rear view mirror ) hey , take a look behind we . do you think that car be followin ' we ? jacob ( turn to look ) that black car ? paul pull the mirror down on the sun visor . ( jacob do ) just watch them . jacob what 's goin ' on Paul ? paul I do not know . jacob you in trouble ? paul yeah . jacob notice paul 's leave arm . it be shaking . the black car pass on the leave . both paul and jacob stare at it as it speed by . int . bar - day jacob and paul be sit in a dark booth in a obscure williamsburg bar . it be nearly empty . paul be lean across the table in a very intimate fashion . paul somethin 's wrong , Jake . I do not know what it be but I can not talk to anybody about it . I figure I could with you . you always use to listen , you know ? jacob nod . paul take a sip of he drink and stare deliberately into jacob 's eye . paul ( continue ) I be go to Hell ! jacob 's face grow suddenly tense . paul ( continue ) that 's as straight as I can put it . and do not tell I that I be crazy ' cause I know I be not . I be goin ' to Hell . they be comin ' after I . jacob ( frighten , but hold back ) who be ? paul they have be followin ' I . they be comin ' outta the wall . I do not trust anyone . I be not even sure I trust you . but I gotta talk to someone . I be gonna fly outta my fuckin ' mind . paul cannot contain he fear . he jump up suddenly and walk away from the booth . jacob follow he with he eye but do not go after he . a young man in the next booth observe the scene with interest . he look vaguely familiar , like we have see he before . paul stare out the window for a moment and then walk over to the juke box . he pull a quarter out of he pocket and drop it in the slot . his finger push a selection at random . some ' 60 's rock hit blare out . jacob 's mind be reeling by the time paul sit back down . paul ( continue ) sorry . sometimes I think I be just gonna jump outta my skin . they be just drivin ' I wild . jacob who , Paul ? what exactly ... ? paul I do not know who they be , or what they be . but they be gonna get I and I be scared , Jake . I be so scared I can not do anything . I can not go to my sister . I can not even go home . jacob why not ? paul they be waitin ' for I , that 's why . paul 's hand start to shake . the tremor spread rapidly to he whole body . the booth begin to rattle . paul ( continue ) I can not stop it . I try . oh God ! help I Jake . jacob slide quickly out of he side of the booth and move in toward paul . he put he arm around he and hold he tightly , offer comfort as best he can . paul be obviously terrify and grateful for jacob 's gesture . a few people at the bar look over in they direction . jacob it 's okay , Paul . it 's okay . paul ( cry ) I do not know what to do . jacob do not do anything . ( paul begin to relax a bit and the shaking subside ) Paul , I know what you be talk about . paul what do you mean ? jacob I have see they too ... the demon ! paul ( stare at jacob ) you have see they ? jacob everywhere , like a plague . paul God almighty . I think I be the only one . jacob I , too . I have no idea . it 's like I be come apart at the seam . paul oh God . I know . I know . jacob what be it Paul ? what 's happen to I ? paul they keep tell I I be already dead , that they be gonna tear I apart , piece by piece , and throw I into the fire . ( he fumble in he coat pocket and pull out a small Bible and silver cross ) I carry this everywhere but they do not help . nothing help . everyone think I be crazy . my mother file a report with the army . jacob ( stunne ) the army ? paul she say I have not be the same since then . since that night . there 's still this big hole in my brain . it 's so dark in there , Jake . and this creature . it 's like they be crawl out of my brain . what happen that night ? why will not they tell we ? jacob I do not know . I do not know . paul they be monster , Jake . we be both seein ' them . there 's gotta be a connection . something . jacob lean back in the booth , he mind racing . the young man in the next booth be watch they with rapt attention . int . men' room - day paul and jacob be in the men' room . paul flush the urinal . paul I be afraid to go by myself anymore . I keep thinkin ' one of them 's gonna come up behind I . somethin 's wrong when a guy can not even take a leak by himself . I have see them take people right off the street . I use to go home a different way every night . now I can not even go home . jacob you come home with I . paul what about you girlfriend ? you do not think she will mind ? jacob be you kid ? we have put up more of she cousin . you would not believe how they breed down there . paul smile . ext . bar - day the two men leave the bar on a dingy side street . it be cold outside . Christmas light seem ludicrous dangle in the bar 's front window . paul look at they and smile . paul merry Christmas . paul step into the street and walk to the driver 's side of he car . he pull out he key and open the door . jacob look down on the sidewalk and notice a dime . jacob goddamn , this be my lucky day . he bend down to pick it up . paul insert the key into the ignition and step on the gas . he turn the key . the car explode . piece of metal and flesh fly into the air . jacob sprawl out flat on the ground as the debris hurl above he . he cover he head . ext . vietnam CUT to a helicopter suffer a air bombardment . flack be explode all around it and the shock wave be rock the craft violently . jacob 's eye peer to the leave . infantry gunners be fire rocket into the jungle below . a pair of medic be huddle over he . a sudden gush of arterial bleed send a stream of blood splattering over the inside of the windshield . the pilot , unable to see , clear it away with he hand . jacob scream over the roar of the chopper . one of the medic press he ear close to jacob to hear . jacob help I ! medic we be do the best we can . jacob get I out of here ! ext . bar - day the young man from the bar grab jacob under the arm and drag he down the sidewalk . young man just hold on . jacob where be I ? who be you ? the young man yank jacob around the corner just as another explosion consume the car . the air be fill with flame and fly debris . the young man pull jacob into the bar . young man just lie still . you be okay . you be not hurt . the customer be in a state of bedlam . part of the wall have blow apart and brick and glass be everywhere . the cross from around paul 's neck be bury in the debris . siren be hear in the distance . a black car speed off down the street . jacob look for the young man who have help he . he be go . ext . funeral procession - day a funeral procession head down Ocean Parkway . int . jacob be car - day jacob and jezzie be drive in a old chevy nova . they be dress up . jacob 's face be bruise and he have a gauze pad over he ear . they drive in silence . jacob appear very sad . slowly he right hand reach across the seat , seek jezzie 's . they finger embrace . ext . cemetery - day the funeral procession enter the cemetery . Cars park along the length of the narrow road . men in dark suit emerge from they car along with wive and girlfriend . they be the soldier we have see at the open of the film , only they be older now . a small group of family member be help to the graveside . jacob join the other veteran as pallbearer . they carry the casket in semi-military formation to the grave . int . paul be live room - day jacob' old army buddy be sit together in Paul 's live room , talk . paul' wife can be see in the bedroom . several women be comforting she . jezzie be talk to a small group of lady in the dine room and nibble off a tray of cold cut . paul' sister be with she and they seem to be have a lively , almost intimate , conversation . jacob and he buddy be drink beer . they all have a tired , defeat look about they . frank do anyone see the police report ? it sound like a detonation job to I . jerry the paper say it be electrical ; a freak accident . rod bullshit . someone 's cover somethin' . that be no accident . GEORGE why do you say that ? rod Cars do not explode that way . any simpleton know that . GEORGE but the paper ... rod that be set . I be tellin ' you . doug by who ? why ? Paul do not have a enemy in the world . jerry how do you know ? doug hey , you be talkin ' about Paul . who would want to hurt he ? frank what do he talk about when you guy go out ? do he say anything ? jacob he be upset . he think people be follow he . jerry you be kid . who ? jacob he do not know ... demon . GEORGE ( obviously strike by the word ) what do you mean , demon ? jacob he tell I he be go to Hell . the statement have a surprising impact on the group . there be immediate silence and eye avert from one another . rod what would he say that for ? what make he say that ? strange , huh ? strange . GEORGE what else do he say , Jake ? jacob he be scared . he see this creature come out of the woodwork . they be tryin ' to get he , he say . GEORGE ( he arm shaking ) how long have that be go on ? jacob a couple of week , I think . he notice GEORGE 's beer can rattling . GEORGE he say what they look like ? jacob no. not really ... GEORGE Excuse I a minute . I will be right back . rod in one end , out the other , huh George ? GEORGE try to smile as he hurry to the bathroom . his arm be nearly out of control and beer be spilling on the carpet as he walk . rod ( continue ) still a spastic , huh ? I hope you can hold you dick better than you hold that can . no one laugh . there be a uncomfortable silence . ext . a back alley - day the six men be walk quietly through a unpave alley . it be already gray and get darker . doug I know what Paul be talk about . I do not know how to say this ... but in a way it 's a relief know that someone else see they , too . rod you be see ... ? doug they be not human , I will tell you that . a car try to run over I the other day . it be aim straight for I . I see they face . they be not from Brooklyn . rod what be you tellin ' I ? they be from the bronx ? doug it be no joke , Rod . jerry something weird be go on here . what be it about we ? even in nam it be always weird . be we all crazy or something ? doug yeah , ever since that ... he hesitates . they all understand . rod what 's that have to do with anything ? frank it be bad grass . that 's all it be . jerry grass never do that to I . doug you know , I have be to three shrink and a hypnotist . nothing penetrate that night . nothing . rod it 's not worth goin ' over again and again . whatever happen , happen . it 's over . jacob ... I have see they , too . rod shit ! jerry so have I . jacob look , there 's something fuck strange go on here . you know Paul 's not the only one who 's die . you remember Dr. carlson over at Bellevue ? his car blow up , too . rod Dr. carlson 's dead ? jacob a explosion , just like Paul 's . jerry no ! frank Jesus ! GEORGE you think they be connect ? jacob ( he nod ) I think something 's fuck connect - ed . I mean , a car try to run I over the other day . Doug too , right ? we have get six guy here go fuck crazy . rod not I , buddy . jacob okay , not you Rod . but the rest of we be flipping out for some goddamn reason . they be tryin ' to kill we . fuck it man , we need to find out what 's go on . doug do you think it have something to do with ... the offensive ? jacob it 's get something to do with some - thing . I think we have get to confront the army . if they be hide shit from we , we better find out what it be . rod come on , Professor . the army 's not gonna give you any answer . you will be buttin ' you head against a stone wall . jacob maybe that 's the only way to get through . besides , six head will be better than one . rod not my head , buddy . not I . I be gettin ' a headache just listenin ' to you . jacob we should get ourselves a lawyer . rod I say you should get a shrink . doug too late . I have try . I think you be right , Jake . I be game . jerry I , too . rod you guy be fuck paranoid . it be bad grass . that 's all it be . there 's no such thing as demon . int . law office - day jacob , frank , jerry , GEORGE , doug , and rod be sit on plush chair in the law office of donald geary . geary , a red-face man with three chin , be suck on a ice cube . he look at each of the man , and then spit the ice cube into a empty glass . it clink . geary I be sorry , Mr. Singer , but do you have any idea how many people come to I with the injustice of the world ? it would break you heart . jacob this be not injustice , Mr. geary . the army do something to we and we have get to find out what . geary the army . the army . what be it with you guy ? we be not talk about a trip to the library here . this be the United States government for God 's sake . this be red tape come out of you ass . you know what I mean ? jacob exactly . and we need someone to cut through it . we hear you be the man . geary oh yeah ? what be I - perry mason here ? geary stand up and grab a bag of cheeto from a file drawer . he chomp down a few and offer the bag to the other . there be no taker . thirsty , he downs the ice cube and crack it between he tooth . geary ( continue ) okay . I will look into it . the men be surprised and excited . paul wow ! do you think we have a chance ? geary what do you want , a fortune teller or a lawyer ? ... I will need swear deposition from each of you and a list of the other member of the platoon , or they survivor . doug hey , this be great . geary I will tell you , if we find the military be implicate in any way , you could stand to recover quite a lot of money . not that I can predict anything , but some class action suit of this kind have be award fairly generous judgement . that would not be so bad , would it Mr. Singer ? jacob doctor. ( geary look at he oddly ) Ph.D. geary ah ! I think you be a mailman . jacob I be . geary ( confuse ) then why be not you teach ? why be not you in a university ? jacob I be too mess up to teach . geary ( smile ) ah ! well then , they be go to have to pay for that , be not they ? the men all nod in agreement . ext . office build - day jacob and the other exit the office build . they be jubilant , clasp hand and smack each other on the back . we watch as they break up . jacob head for the subway . frank and another group hop a cab . as the cab pull away we notice that a black car pull out behind it . it follow they out of sight . int . jacob be kitchen - night jacob and jezzie be make wild and unadulterate love on the kitchen floor . the wastebasket flip over . jacob 's hand splashes into the dog 's bowl . nothing impede they passion . jezzie laugh , holler , and swoon . hand grab hold of table leg . chair topple . foot bang wildly against the stove . it be all mayhem and ecstacy . and then it end . jacob 's face be ecstatic . he can barely talk and simply bask in jezzie 's glow . she look especially lovely and radiant . they lie exhaust and exhilated on the linoleum floor . jezzie so tell I ... be I still a angel ? jacob ( smile broadly ) with wing . you transport I , you know that ? you carry I away . jezzie kiss he softly around he face and gently probe he ear with she pinky . jacob love it . jezzie we be all angel , you know ... ( she bite he earlobe . he wince ) ... and devil . it 's just what you choose to see . jacob I love you , jez . jezzie I know . jacob underneath all the bullshit , just love . jezzie remember that . jacob you know what ? I feel ... exorcise ... like the demon be go . jezzie how come ? the army ? jacob in a way . at least now I have some idea of what be happen . if we can only get they to admit ... to explain what they do ... I do not know . maybe it would clear thing up in my head . I will tell you something , jez , honestly ... I think they be real . silence . suddenly jezzie roar like a monster and scare jacob half to death . they laugh and tumble back to the floor . int . jacob be apt . - evening jacob emerge from the bathroom shower and pull on a robe . jezzie be move rapidly around the kitchen . jezzie I put a freeze dinner in the oven , a manhandler . it will be ready at a quarter of . I throw a little salad together . it 's in the fridge . I also buy some apple juice , Red cheek . do not drink it all . oh , and Jake , you lawyer call . jacob he do ? when ? jezzie ( grab she coat ) while you be in the shower . jacob why do not you call I ? jezzie he do not give I a chance . ( she pause nervously ) look , honey , do not get upset , but he 's not take you case . jacob ( stunne ) what ? what do you mean ? jezzie he say you do not have one . jacob what 's he talk about ? jezzie I do not know . that 's all he say . he be not very friendly . oh , yeah . he say you buddy back down . they chicken out , he say . jacob I do not believe this . jezzie baby , I be sorry . I feel terrible . I would stay and talk but I be so late . look , do not be upset . we will talk when I get home . see you around midnight . ( she kiss he on the cheek ) bye . and do not brood . watch t.v. or something . jacob' apt ./ franks apt . - intercut the door slam securely . the lock set . jacob begin instantly rifling through a desk drawer . he come up with a fray address book and look up a number . he dial . frank ( v.o. ) hello . jacob Frank . it 's Jake . Jacob singer . we see frank stand at a window finger the venetian blind . he do not reply . the scene intercut between the two man . jacob ( continue ) listen , I just get a strange call from geary . he say the guy back down . what 's he talk about ? frank ( finger the venetian blind ) that 's right . we do . jacob what do that mean , Frank ? I do not get it . why ? frank it 's hard to explain . jacob ( angry ) well , try , huh . frank I do not know if I can . it 's just that war be war . thing happen . jacob thing happen ? what the fuck be you talk about ? they do something to we , Frank . we have to expose this . frank there 's nothing to expose . jacob Jesus Christ ! who 's be talk to you ? ( silence ) what 's go on ? how can you just turn away ? ( no response ) what about the other ? frank they be not interested , Jake . jacob shit ! you know it 's not half the case if I go it alone . we be all suffer the same symptom , Frank . the army be to blame . they have do something to we . how can you not want to know ? frank ( pause ) maybe it 's not the army , Jake . jacob what do you mean ? frank maybe there 's a larger truth . jacob what be you talk about ? frank maybe the demon be real . jacob goddamn it . what kind of bullshit be that ? frank listen , Jake . I gotta go . jacob what the hell ? what kind of mumbo jumbo ... ? frank I be hang up . jacob hey , wait ! frank do not bother to call again , okay ? frank hang up . jacob stand hold the phone for a long time , until the high pitch whine from the receiver remind he it 's off the hook . the sound frighten he and he slam the receiver down . quickly jacob tear through he address book look for other phone number . they be not there . jacob shit ! int . jacob be apt . jacob hurry into the bedroom and pull a old shoe box from the closet . the box be fill with yellowing army papers , dog tag , and photo of old comrade . beneath he discharge papers he find a sheet scribble with the name and address of platoon buddy . jacob grab it . then he eye fall on the fray remain of a old letter . he pick it up and unfold it with great care . the letter be write in a child 's handwrite . " dear daddy , I love you . please come home . jed got a frog . eli lost my key . mom want you to send her money . love , gabe . " CUT to : ext . brooklyn sidewalk - day gabe , on a bicycle , be rush down the sidewalk . jacob be run alongside he , hold onto the seat . plastic streamer trail from the handlebar . gabe be a bit wobbly , but determine . after a couple of false start , jacob let go and gabe be riding by himself . for a instant , gabe look back at he father with a huge grin on he face . jacob be grin , too . the camera hold on gabe as he pull away from we and head into the distance . CUT back to : int . jacob be apt . - night jacob swallow hard as he stand there , hold the letter . suddenly he eye lift off the page and glance at a full length mirror mount on the bedroom door . something in the mirror , like the image of a child , seem to move . he look over . there be nothing there . curious , jacob walk toward the mirror . as he image appear , he gasp and stop move . to he horror and ours , it be he own back that be reflect in the mirror . the impossibility of the moment startles he . he lift he hand . the reflection move with he . frightened but defiant , jacob move toward the mirror . the image in the mirror spin around . it be the frightening vibrate face he see at the party with jezzie . a unearthly scream come from both they mouth . jacob no !!! int . brooklyn court house - late afternoon a huge wooden door slam open . jacob charge through it . he be chase he lawyer , donald geary , through a crowded court house corridor . geary , sweaty and unshaven , be cradling a Coke in one hand , a sandwich and a briefcase in the other . his stomach bounce wildly as he walk . jacob geary ! Mr. geary ! listen , goddamn it ! you can not just walk away from this . geary keep walk . jacob catch up to he . jacob ( continue ) who 's be talk to you ? the army ? have they be talk to you , huh ? geary nobody 's be talk to nobody . you do not have a case , you hear I ? it 's pure and simple . now leave I alone . okay ? jacob grab the back of geary 's jacket and pull he up short . geary ( continue ) take you hand off I ! jacob let go . he stare into geary 's eye . jacob listen , will you listen ? they be try to get I . they be comin ' out of the wall . the army 's do something to I . I need you . geary you need ... a doctor . jacob a doctor ? and what 's he gonna do , tell I I be crazy ? they have fuck with my head . I have get to prove it . you have get to do something . geary give jacob a pitiful look . geary there 's nothing I can do . he turn and walk away . jacob stand there a moment , and then rush after he . geary be bite into he sandwich . mayonnaise spill onto he hand . he lick it with he tongue . jacob catch up to he . geary you mind ? I be eat , huh ? jacob something 's go on here . you be not tell I something . what the hell 's get into you ? geary I will tell you what 's get into I . I do not know you from Adam , right ? you come to my office with this bizarro story and demand I look into it . okay . I say I would check it out and I do . now I do not know what kind of fool you take I for , but you have use and abuse I , and I do not like it . jacob use you ? geary I talk to the Army 's Bureau of record . you have never even be to viet nam . jacob what the hell be that suppose to mean ? geary it mean that you and you buddy be whacko , that you be discharge on psychological grounds after some war game in Thailand . jacob ( stunne ) War game ? Thailand ? that 's not true ! how can you believe that ? can not you see what they be do ? it 's all a lie . we be in Da Nang , for God 's sake . you have get to believe I . geary I do not have to do any such thing . I be eat my lunch , okay ? geary take a swig of he coke and begin walk away . jacob , enraged , charge after he . with a wild swipe he send the coke can shoot out of geary 's hand . it reverberate down the corridor . geary be stunne . jacob you slimy bastard ! you goddamn piece of shit ! with a powerful thrust , jacob rip the sandwich from geary 's other hand . toss it on the floor , he grind he heel in it . tomato and mayonnaise squirt onto geary 's shoe . jacob turn away . CUT to jacob walk down the court house corridor to the elevator . there be a look of satisfaction on he face . CUT back to geary . he pick up a telephone and dial . someone come on the line . geary speak quietly . geary he 's on he way . CUT to jacob step onto the elevator . the door close . the muzak be play " sonny Boy " with Al jolson sing . jacob be surprised to hear it . he press the down button for the main floor . the elevator stop at the lobby . the door open swiftly . several soldier be stand there . they approach jacob . soldier 1 let 's go , Singer . jacob be shocked to see they . he try to get away but two of the soldier yank he toward the lobby door . soldier 2 you be come with we . int . car - late afternoon jacob be hustle to a wait car and shove inside , in between two officious look men . the door lock from the driver 's command . army official # 1 Mr. Singer . what a appropriate name for a man who can not keep he mouth shut . the car drive off . jacob who be you ? what do you want ? army official # 2 we have be watch you for a long time . you and you friend . you have be exhibit some very odd behavior . frighten people with foolish talk about demon - and experiment . jacob try to speak but the other man grab he mouth . army official # 1 you be in over you head , Mr. Singer . Men drow that way . the army be another part of you life . forget it . it be dead and bury . let it lie . army official # 2 I hope we have make we point , Mr. Singer . jacob stare at the man for a moment and then go totally berserk . letting out a howl , he begin pound and thrashing like a madman . he be totally out of control . with a wild leap , he grab for the door handle . the door fly open . it flap back and forth , slamm into park car . jacob try to jump out , but the man yank he back in . one of they pull out a gun . jacob see it and go crazy . his foot kick in all direction , slamm the driver 's nose into the steering wheel and shatter the side window . the car careen around a corner send the gun fly to the floor . the man dive for it . it lodge beneath the seat . in the mayhem , jacob throw himself out of the flap door and sprawl onto the pavement . people look down at he as the car speed away . ext . brooklyn - late afternoon jacob grab he back . he be in excruciate pain . he try to get up , but can not move . he reach out to people pass by , but they ignore he and hurry past . a salvation army santa have be watch the entire scene . after a moment 's consideration he leave he post and amble over to jacob . he lean down and steal he wallet . santa merry Christmas . ext . brooklyn street - evening CUT to the SOUND of a siren as a ambulance race through the street . int . hospital - evening a ambulance crew rush jacob to a hospital emergency room . bearer he 's be scream like a madman . you better get something in he . resident ( approach jacob ) hi. I be Doctor Stewart . can you tell I what happen ? jacob my back . I can not move . I need my chiropractor . resident you back ? do you fall ? bearer they say he slip on the ice . May have hit he head . attendant do he have any identification ? bearer no waller . nothing . jacob they steal it . resident who do ? jacob I do not know . Santa Claus . I have my son 's picture in it . gabe 's picture . it 's the only one I have . resident we better get a orthopedic man in here . be Dr. Davis on call ? nurse I will page he . jacob call my chiropractor . nurse we be do everything we can . jacob Louis schwartz . nostrand Avenue . resident I be go to have to move you a bit , just to check for injury . this may hurt a little . jacob no . do not move I . the resident ignore he . jacob scream . resident I do not have to ask if you can feel that . jacob goddamn it . I want Louis . nurse who 's Louis ? resident he 's out of it . I be take he down to x-ray . a orderly push the gurney through a pair of slide door . jacob try to get up but the pain keep he immobilize . int . corridor - night jacob begin a journey down what appear to be a endless series of corridor . the wheel of the gurney turn with a hypnotic regularity . the smooth tile floor give way to roguh cement . the orderly 's foot plod through pool of blood that coagulate in crack and crevice along the way . the surface grow rougher , the wheel more insistent . body part and human bile splash against the wall as the gurney move faster . jacob where be you take I ? where be I ? orderly you know where you be . jacob , panicked , try again to get up but to no effect . he glance to the side and see mournful creature be lead into dark room . no one fight or struggle . we hear muffle scream from behind close door . occasionally he glance inside the room and see mangle body in strange contraption , people in rusty iron lung , and hang from metal cage . Dark eye peer out in horror . in one room a baseboard heater burst into flame . no one seem concerned . a door open . a bicycle with plastic streamer on the handlebar lie crush and mangle . one of its wheel be still spin . jacob cry out but it be not he voice we hear . Rather it be a familiar unearthly roar . his whole body stiffen . as he round the corner he see a figure , its head vibrate in endless terror . it be the same image he have see before . jacob scream . int . room - night jacob be wheeled into a tiny room . a numer of " doctor " be wait . as they draw closer jacob notice that something about they be not right . they bear a subtle resemblance to bosch-like demon , creature of another world . jacob try to sit up but wince in pain . he can not move . he try to scream but no sound come out . chain and pulley hang from the ceiling . they be lower and attach with speed and efficiency to jacob 's arm and leg . he scream . jacob oh God ! the " doctor " laugh . there be the sound of a huge door close . jacob be leave in semi-darkness . suddenly a new group of " doctor " emerge from the shadow . they be carry sharp surgical instrument . they surround jacob , they eye glisten as bright as they blade . jacob be panting and sweat in fear . one of the " doctor " lean over jacob . he gasp with horror . it be jezzie . jacob jezzie ! she pay no attention to he . he stare at she , the camera tilting down her body . as it get to she foot we see it be a decaye mass , swarm with maggot . the " doctor " laugh . they take great pleasure in he suffer . they voice be strange and not human . each utterance contain a multitude of contradictory tone , sincere and compassionate , taunting and mock at the same time . the confusion of meaning be a torment of its own . jacob ( continue ) get I out of here . " doctor " where do you want to go ? jacob take I home . " doctor " Home ? ( they all laugh ) this be you home . you be dead . jacob Dead ? no . I just hurt my back . I be not dead . " doctor " what be you then ? jacob I be alive . " doctor " then what be you do here ? jacob I do not know . I do not know . ( he struggle like a animal ) this be not happen . " doctor " what be not happen ? jacob let I out of here ! " doctor " there be no out of here . you have be kill . do not you remember ? a " doctor " approach jacob . as he turn , we notice with horror that he have no eye or eye socket . he extract a long needle from he belt and position it over jacob 's head . like a divine rod it locate a particular point near the crown of he head . with a powerful thrust the " doctor " shove the needle into jacob 's skull and push it slowly into he brain . jacob howl . ext . vietnam - night CUT rapidly to vietnam and a replay of flash of the open sequence of the film . soldier with bayonet be charge over rice paddy in the dark of the night . one of the soldier charge at jacob with a long bayonet blade and jam it into he intestine . jacob cry out . int . room - night CUT back to the " doctor " . " doctor " remember ? jacob no ! that be year ago ! I have live year since then . " doctor " it 's all be a dream . jacob no ! the army do this to I ! they have do something to my brain . ( he rave like a madman ) jezzie ! I want my boy ! Sarah ! I be not dead ! I want my family ! the " doctor " laugh and back away , disappear into the darkness . int . hospital - night suddenly a fluorescent light flash overhead . normal hospital wall materialize instantaneously around he . a nurse enter the room follow by sarah , eli , and jed . they approach jacob who be lie in traction , suspend over a hospital bed . nurse he 's still pretty doped up . I do not think he will be able to talk yet and I doubt that he will recognize you . sarah I just want to see he . jed ( eat a snicker bar ) dad . hi. it 's we . we just find out . eli you look terrible . do that hurt ? nurse I will be outside if you need I . sarah Jake . it 's I . we hear what happen . jacob ( he voice hoarse , nearly whisper ) I be not dead . I be not dead . sarah no . of course you be not . you have just hurt you back . that 's all . you be go to be fine . it will just take some time . jed a month , they say . eli ( try to joke ) you just hang in there , dad . sarah ( smack he ) that 's not funny . ( she reach over and rub jacob 's brow ) what a mess , huh ? God I wish there be something I could do . I love you , Jacob . for whatever that 's worth . I do . there be a sudden sound of " doctor " laugh . jacob jerk he head painfully , but do not see they . " doctor " ( o.s. ) dream on ! jacob ( yell at the unseen voice ) no! oh god. sarah Jacob , what can I do ? jacob save I ! jacob 's plea confuse sarah . she respond with a kiss . int . hospital - day daylight stream through the window in jacob 's room . he be still in traction and look very uncomfortable . a new nurse enter hold a plastic container with a straw poke out . nurse well , do not we look better this morning ? that be a hard night , be not it ? jacob where be I ? nurse lennox Hospital . jacob I be awake ? nurse you look awake to I . here . ( she hold the straw to he lip ) drink some of this . jacob ( stare at she intently ) where 's Sarah ? where do she go ? ( the nurse give he a strange look ) she be here ... nurse no. no . you have not have any visitor . jacob that 's a lie . my family be here . nurse I be sorry . jacob last night ! they be as real as you be ! the nurse smile and nod in appeasement . jacob this be not a dream ! this be my life . nurse of course it be . what else could it be ? she giggle nervously . there be a funny glint in she eye . jacob look away . he do not want to see it . omit int . hospital corridor - evening there be a loud commotion in the hall . we see louis schwartz , jacob 's chiropractor , scream jacob 's name . louis Jacob ! Jacob Singer ! jacob yell . jacob Louis ! I be here ! in here ! int . jacob be room - day louis storm through jacob 's door follow by several nurse and orderlies . jacob louis ! nurse 1 you can not go in there ! orderly you be go to have to leave . louis stare furiously at jacob stretch out on the traction apparatus . he begin to yell . louis good God , Jake . what have they do ? ( he examine jacob and scream at the nurse ) what be this , the Middle Ages ? and they call this modern medicine . this be barbaric ! barbaric ! ( turn to jacob ) it 's okay , Jake . it 's not serious . I will get you out of here . ( yell at the orderly ) what be this , the inquisition ? why do not you just burn he at the stake and put he out of he misery ? louis charge over to the traction equipment and begin work the pulley that suspend jacob over the bed . the nurse and orderlies become instantly hysterical and start scream . orderly what the hell do you think ... ? louis do not you come near I . nurse 2 you can not do that ! louis what be this , a prison ? stay back . nurse 1 you can not . call the police . one of the orderlies lunge at louis who swing back at he with one of the pulley chain . it just miss . louis ( to the orderlies ) you take one step and I will wrap this around you neck . louis lower jacob into a wheelchair while hold the other at bay . louis ( continue ) hold on , Jake , we be get out of here . nurse and orderlies part as he push he quickly from the room . omit int . chiropractic office - evening louis help jacob over to a adjust table in a room that , compare with the hospital , be comfortable and serene . he push a lever and the table rise to a vertical position . jacob lean against it and ride it down to a horizontal position . every moment be agony for he . louis half a hour from now and you will be walk out of here all by yourself . Mark my word . ( jacob barely hear they ) well , you have do it to yourself this time , have not you ? jacob ( nearly whisper ) be I dead , Louis ? ( louis lean over to hear ) be I dead ? louis ( smile ) from a slip disc ? that would be a first . jacob I be in Hell . I have be there . it 's horrible . I do not want to die , Louis . louis well , I will see what I can do about it . jacob I have see it . it 's all pain . louis ( work on jacob 's spine like a master mechanic ) you ever read meister eckart ? ( jacob shake he head " no " ) how do you ever get you doctorate without read eckart ? ( louis take hold of jacob 's leg and yank they swiftly ) good . okay , let 's turn over gently . right side . jacob turn to he leave . louis shake he head in dismay . louis the other " right , " okay ? ( he help jacob turn over ) you be a regular basket case , you know that ? ( he move jacob 's arm over he head ) eckart see Hell , too . louis position jacob 's other arm , bend he leg , and then push down on he thigh . his spine move with a crack sound . jacob groan . louis ( continue ) you know what he say ? the only thing that burn in Hell be the part of you that will not let go of you life ; you memory , you attachment . they burn them all away . but they be not punish - ing you , he say . they be freeing you soul . okay , other side . he help jacob and reposition he . again he push and the spine crack . louis ( continue ) wonderful . so the way he see it , if you be frighten of die and hold - ing on , you will see devil tear you life away . but if you have make you peace then the devil be really angel freeing you from the earth . it 's just a matter of how you look at it , that 's all . so do not worry , okay ? relax . wiggle you toe . jacob 's toe dance as louis give he a quick , unexpected jab to the lower vertebrae in he back . louis ( continue ) perfect . we get it . ( louis push a lever and the table rise back up ) okay . let 's just give it a little try . see if you can stand . jacob what ? by myself ? louis you can do it . come on . easy . just give it a try . jacob step cautiously away from the table . he move hesitantly , with deliberate restraint . louis encourage he like a faith healer coax the lame . his first step have a aura of the miraculous about they . jacob walk slowly , without help . louis smile impishly . he look like a giant cherub . louis hallelujah . louis put he arm around he . then jacob try again , gradually rediscover he balance and strength . with each step he confidence return . louis be pleased . then , suddenly , without warning , jacob turn and head toward the door . louis what be you do ? jacob there 's something I have gotta take care of , Louis . louis what be you talk about ? you can barely stand . jacob I be walk , be not I ? louis Jake , you need to rest . jacob not tonight , Louis . no more rest . he walk slowly out the door . louis start to go after he . jacob turn around and shake he head " no . " the look on he face be firm and defiant . louis stand back and let he go . jacob I love you , Louis . ext . U.S. army recruiting headquarters - night CUT to a sdiren blaring and a fire engine racing through the street of lower manhattan . a crowd be form . bank of light and television camera amass in the cold night air . Police car and mobile unit rush to the scene . CUT to jacob . in one hand he be hold a brightly light torch . in the other he be hold a container of gasoline and pour it on the step of the U.S. army recruiting headquarters . the volatile liquid splashes against he pants and shoe and run down the pavement . a five gallon container lie empty nearby . gasoline belch from it insistently and pour onto the street . bystander back away as the gasoline snake toward they . Television camera and microphone be point in jacob 's direction , but at a safe distance . he be yell at they , he tooth chatter from the cold . jacob listen to I . there be four company in we batallion . five hundred man . Seven of we be leave when it be over . Seven ! four company engage in a enemy offensive that not one of we who survive can remember fight . bystander use the torch ! onlooker shut up ! let he talk ! police ambulance be arrive at the scene . firemen ready hose at nearby hydrant . t.v. cameras be roll . jacob ( shouting ) you do not forget a battle where 500 man be kill . they do something to we . I want to know the truth , the goddamn truth . we have a right to know . ( he yell toward the camera ) be you get all this ? I want this on national t.v. I want the whole country , the whole world to know . he hold up the torch . a loudspeaker blare through the crowd . voice throw that torch away , young man . give yourself up . you be under arrest . jacob for what ? for seek the truth ? voice please come quietly . jacob you come near I and I will blow we all up . voice we be not go to hurt you . onlooker give he a chance to talk ! jacob the army will deny it . they have falsify my record . they have lie to my lawyer , threaten my buddy . but they can not threaten I . bystander you tell them ! bystander use the torch ! voice okay , let 's clear the area . everyone out . suddenly a light match fly in jacob 's direction . jacob be enraged . he brandish the torch at the crowd . jacob what the fuck do you think you be do ? another match hurl toward he and die in mid-air . people on the fringe of the crowd begin to run . jacob do not move . voice clear the area . this be a order ! jacob what be wrong with you ? we hear laughter from people in the crowd . as jacob look out into some of they eye he see demon look back . one of they throw another match . craze , jacob run toward they . people jump back . suddenly jacob freeze . stand on the sideline , he see one of the army official who trap he in the car . he be reach for a gun . jacob , stunne , yell at the top of hhis lung . jacob no ! with a defiant roar , he hurl the torch straight up into the air . we see it from high above the crowd spin higher and higher . all eye stare upward watch it in a kind of wonder . then , reach its apex , just below the camera , it begin its descent . the eye of the crowd turn to fear . someone yell . onlooker he will burn we all ! scream fill the air as people scramble to escape the potential conflagration . only jacob remain motionless , stand silently , almost heroically , in the middle of it all . suddenly the torch hit the ground and a pool of gasoline ignites with a blind flare that send flame shoot in all direction . people panic . t.v. reporter and cameramen run for they life . the army official run , too . the flame travel toward the Army headquarters and rush along the curb . Water hose be try to douse they as they spread . jacob , surprisingly untouched by the fire , walk slowly through the frighten crowd , as if in a daze . view through the flame the scene momentarily resemble a vision of Hell . int . jacob be apt . - night jacob , stark naked and cover with goose bump , run he hand under a shower spray . the water be freezing and take forever to warm up . anxious , he dash past he gasoline drench clothes , grab a suitcase from the bedroom closet , and stuff it with clothes . then he hurry back to the shower , test it , and jump in . lather cover jacob 's hair and hang over he tightly close eye . his entire body be cover in sud . he be wash as quickly as he can . suddenly he hear a noise as someone enter the bathroom . he tense . jacob who 's there ? who be it ? jacob struggle to rinse the soap from he eye . they be burn . there be a shadow behind the curtain . jacob ( continue ) goddamn it ! who 's there ? jacob rub he eye , fight to see . suddenly the shower curtain be throw back . jacob back against the wall . a hand reach in and pull he nipple , pinching hard . jezzie it 's just I . jacob jezzie ? jezzie who else be you expect ? jacob let go ! jezzie where be you , Jake ? where have you be ? why have not you call ? jacob stay away from I , jez . jezzie I want to know . you tell I ! jacob you wanna know ? turn on the t.v. watch the fuck news ! he push she away and jump out of the shower . CUT to jacob dress and pile the last of he clothes into he suitcase . jezzie , in a robe , be watch he . jezzie why be you do this to I ? you can not just go away like that . jacob I can do anything I want . she stare at he with confusion . the phone ring . jacob do not ! jezzie it might be for I . jacob I be not here . you have not see I . jezzie ( pick up the receiver ) hello ... no . he 's not here . I have not see he all night ... I do not know when ... what ? tell he what ? ( jacob look up ) Vietnam ? ... what experiment ? jacob lunge for the phone . jacob hello . this be Jacob Singer . ( he listen with grow fascination ) God almighty ! ... yes. yes. right . where would you like to meet ? ( he listen ) how will I know you . ( jacob seem uncomfortable ) okay . I will be there . he hang up the phone and stand silently for a moment . jezzie who be that ? jacob a chemist . part of a chemical warfare unit out of saigon . he say he know I and that I will know he when I see he . jezzie how ? jacob I have no idea . ( he think ) I be right . there be experiment . I know it . I know it . my God . jezzie how do you know he 's tell the truth ? jacob stare at jezzie for several moment but do not respond . the 11:00 news be come on . jacob 's image can be see on the screen . we hear the newscaster speak . newscaster lead the news tonight , a bizarre demonstration on the step of the U.S. Army recruiting headquarters , in downtown Manhattan . Jacob Singer , a alleged Vietnam vet ... jacob allege ? allege ? newscaster ... challenge the United States Army to admit conduct secret experi - ment involve hundred of american soldier during the Vietnam war . jezzie stare at the t.v. , dumbfounded . jacob take he suitcase and hurry to the front door . he open it a crack and peer into the hallway . jezzie run after he . jezzie ( almost threaten ) do not leave I , Jake . int . build corridor - night jacob gaze at jezzie for a moment and then hurry down the hall . he stop at the stairwell and look back . jezzie be still stand there . she be very angry . jacob just stare at she for a moment and then disappear down the stairwell . ext . westside highway - night jacob be stand near the westside highway . group of men in black leather jacket be cruse the area and look at jacob with curiosity . one man in particular cruise by several time and then approach he . michael Jacob ? hi. I be Michael Newman . Friends call I Mike . jacob be startle when he see he . he be the same young man who have appear throughout the film , assist jacob in moment of crisis . michael ( continue ) surprise , huh ? I tell you you would know I . I have be tracking you for a long time . I just wish I would speak to you before tonight . jacob I do not get it . who be you ? why have you be follow I ? michael observation , mainly . clinical study . you be one of the survivor . a police car pass they on the street . michael grab jacob 's shoulder and turn he away nervously . michael ( continue ) come on , we be not safe around here . hudson river pier - night jacob and michael be sit on a desert west side pier that jut into the Hudson River . jacob be wide - eye as he listen to michael 's story . michael so first I be arrest , right ? best lsd I ever make , right down the drain . I figure this be it , twenty year in the joint , if I be lucky . that be ' 68 . jacob Long time ago . michael ( nodd he head ) next thing I know I be on riker Island . ever be there ? ( jacob shake he head ) suddenly they take I from my cell to the visitor room with that bank teller window , you know . four army colonel , medal up they ass , be stand on the other side . they tell I if I will come to Vietnam for two year , no action , mind you , just work in a lab , they will drop all the charge and wipe the record clean . well , I would only be in jail for thirteen hour and I already know that nam could not be any worse . jacob show how much you know . michael no shit . they have I by the ball . next thing I know I be in saigon ... in a secret lab synthesize mind - alter drug . not the street stuff mind you . they have we isolate special property . the dark side , you know ? they want a drug that increase aggressive tendency . jacob yeah , sure . we be lose the war . michael right . they be worried . they figure you guy be too soft . they want something to stir you up , tap into you anger , you know ? and we do it . the most powerful thing I ever see . even a bad trip , and I have my share , never compare to the fury of the ladder . jacob the ladder ? michael that 's what they call it . a fast trip right down the ladder . ( he make a downward dive with he hand ) right to the primal fear , the base anger . I be tellin ' you , it be powerful stuff . but I do not need to tell you . you know . jacob can barely catch he breath , the information he be receive be so powerful to he mind . michael ( continue ) we do experiment on jungle monkey . they bashed each other 's head in , gouge out they eye , chew off they tail . the brass love it . then they make we try it on Charlie . ( he pause ) they take this pow 's , just kid really , and put them in a courtyard . we feed them huge dose of the stuff . ( he stop for a moment ; a tear roll down he cheek ) they be worse than the monkey . I never know man could do such thing . the whole thing still blow I away . michael stand up and begin walk in circle around the pier . jacob , astound , get up and walk beside he . michael ( continue ) anyway , this big offensive be come up . everyone know it ; time Magazine , huntley - brinkley . and the brass be scared ' cause they know we could not win . morale be down . it be gettin ' ugly in the States . Hell , you remember . jacob like it be yesterday . michael a couple day later they decide to use the ladder , on one test battalion . your . just in a infintessimal dose in the food supply , to prove its effectiveness in the field . they be sure you unit would have the high kill ratio in the whole goddamn offensive . and you do , too . but not the way they tnought . jacob be beginning to shake . michael pull a container of pill out of he jacket pocket . michael ( continue ) hey , want something to calm you down ? make them myself . jacob shake he head no . jacob none of we can remember that night . I get flash of it but they do not make sense . we see shrink for year . but nothing they do could ever touch it . what happen ? be there ever a offensive ? michael a couple of day later . it be fierce . you guy never see it . jacob but there be a attack . I can still see they come . there be a fight , be not there ? michael yeah . but not with the cong . jacob who then ? he hesitates , obviously uncomfortable . his eye grow puffy . he look at the river for a moment and then turn to jacob . michael you kill each other . jacob 's mouth drop open . the word hit he like a truck . ext . vietnam - night gunfire explode in the darken sky . we be in Vietnam . jacob be at the bottom of a trench fight with frank . Chaos surround they . Men be scream . the enemy be storming at they from the rear . rod raise he bayonet and jam it into the belly of he attacker . it be only after a series of jab that he see it 's another american he 's kill . rod 's eye go blank with confusion and terror . rod oh my God ! what' happening ? jacob look up from the trench and see a continue wave of american soldier bear down on they . frank jump up , knock jacob to the ground and slamm he rifle into jacob 's back . as he spin around jacob see another soldier charge at he . his bayonet be aim at jacob 's stomach . for the first time jacob remember the face of he attacker . he be a young man , about 19 year old , clean cut , wear glass . the two man stare at each other in terrible confusion . it seem like a moment out of time . and then the soldier lurch forward and ram he bayonet deep into jacob 's abdomen . CUT to michael back on the pier . jacob be ashen -face . michael it be brother against brother . no discrimination . you tore each other to piece . I know it would happen . I warn they . I warned they . but I be just a hippie chemist , right ? Jesus ! and I help them make the stuff ... I talk to the guy who bag the body . they be in worse shape than you , believe I . they see what be leave . it 's a bless you do not remember . of course the brass cover the whole thing up right away . blame it all on a surprise attack . he pause ) I need to find you . the ladder be my baby . tear start flow down michael 's face . he wipe they with he sleeve . it take he a moment to regain he composure . jacob be shiver . michael take off he jacket , drape it over jacob , and lead he to the wooden plank overhange the water . they sit and gaze at the jersey shore . CUT to a wide shot of michael and jacob in pre-dawn light . michael I always suspect the effect might come back . that 's why I have to follow you . I have a hell of a time get hold of you record . jacob if you know , why do not you say anything ? michael the truth can kill , my friend . five hundred man die out there . this be not a story they would ever want out . when Paul 's car blow up I realize the scope of the thing . I know they mean business . jacob so why tell I now ? michael because I can get rid of the demon . I can block the ladder . I have a antidote . we can kill they off , chemically speak . they will all disappear . it 's chemistry , my friend . I know . I create it . come with I . I can help . int . HOTEL - dawm jacob and michael enter a sleazy HOTEL near the dock , obviously frequent by a gay clientele . jacob be uncomfortable as they check in . michael , however , seem to know the rope . they go to a small room . jacob you come here often ? michael sometimes . when it 's convenient . jacob how do I know this be not just some kind of , you know , seduction or something ? michael hey , I be not the problem . you have get bigger problem than I . michael reach into he pocket and casually extract a vial . michael ( continue ) I come up with the formula back in nam but I never get a chance to use it . jacob never ? michael I would hope I would never have to . just open you mouth and stick out you tongue . jacob what be it ? michael do not worry . take it . it will free you head . come on . jacob ( fearful ) I do not know . michael " yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil , " but no one ever say I would not be shittin ' in my pants every step of the way , huh ? ( jacob smile , he mouth open ) stick out you tongue . ( jacob obey as a eyedropper deposit a drop of liquid on the back of he tongue ) that 'a boy . now why do not you just lie down and relax . jacob one drop ? michael it 's strong stuff . jacob stretch out on the bed . he stare up at the ceiling and examine its pock -mark lunar look . Long crack and shallow crater erode the surface . it be a alien terrain . jacob I think I be fall asleep . michael pleasant dream . the word send a jolt through jacob 's body . he try to get up but can not . he 's frighten . jacob I can not move . michael just relax . jacob what 's happen ? help I . the ceiling begin to rumble . crack split wide open . huge crevass tear through the plaster . jacob 's world be crumble . he stare in horror as demonic form attempt to surge through the rupture above he . pierce eye and sharp tooth glimmer in the darkness . hoove foot and point claw clamor to break through . jacob ( continue ) help I ! instantly michael appear stand over he . he be hold the vial with the antidote . he draw a eyedropper full of the fluid and hold it over jacob 's mouth . michael take it ! jacob fight he , but michael force the entire content of the eyedropper down he throat . jacob gag . he try to spit it out , but can not . suddenly the ceiling erupt in violent clash as whole chunks break off and collide like continental plate . the collison wreak havoc on the demon , chopping and dismember they . body part fall from the ceiling like a Devil 's rain . horrible scream echo from the other side . michael ( continue ) do not fight it . it 's you own mind . it 's you own fear . flashes of light and dark storm over jacob 's head , thunder like a war in the heaven . it be a scene of raw power and grow catastrophe . it build in fury and rage until suddenly the ceiling explode . jacob 's eye stare into the formlessness expand around he . all space be become a dark liquid void . gradually the liquid grow bluer , clearer . there be a undulate sense to the imagery , a feel of womb-like comfort . strange light appear and sparkle before we like sunlight on the ocean . jacob be rush upward , toward the surface . with the delirious sound of water give way to air , jacob break through . to he amazement , he find himself float out - stretch on shimmer sunlit water . above he be cloud of such wondrous beauty that they can not possibly be of the earth . pillar of golden light reach down from the heaven create a cathedral of light . it be a vision of heaven , a vast , almost mythic paradise . jacob be awed . a sudden movement catch he attention . he look over and see michael stand before he . only michael look different . his face seem to radiate a inner light , a transcendental beauty . jacob be nearly blind by he presence and must shield he eye to look at he . michael so , how you doin ' ? the casualness of the word catch jacob by surprise . he sit up . to he shock and amazement , he find that he be back in the HOTEL room . michael be stand at the foot of the bed . jacob be totally disorient . his eye move slowly around the room , take everything in . he do not speak . michael ( continue ) it be better than you expect , huh ? jacob just stare at he for a while and then suddenly begin to laugh . it be a huge laugh , full of energy and life . michael ( continue ) and no more demon . I tell you they would be go . jacob I do not believe this . it 's a miracle , Michael . a miracle . michael better live through chemistry , that 's my motto . ext . greenwich village - day jacob and michael be walk through the street of greenwich village . it be early morning and the sidewalk be bustling with people . jacob stare into they face and beam when they smile back . michael enjoy jacob 's happiness . ext . WASHINGTON square - day jacob and michael walk through WASHINGTON square park . jacob it be paradise , Michael . you show it to I . you be there . michael well that 's good to know . jacob Mike , it be real . it be glorious . michael glorious . I be not surprised . I feed you enough of that stuff to send a horse to heaven . I be just glad you come back . jacob I would have stay there if I could . michael I be sure . you have get nothing but trouble waitin ' for you here . he point to two policemen on the far side of the square . michael ( take jacob 's arm ) come on . ext . gramercy park HOTEL - day the two men head up to gramercy park and stop in front of the gramercy park HOTEL . reaching into he wallet , michael pull out a huge stack of credit card and hand one to jacob . michael here . I have get every credit card ever print . take this . stay here till you can arrange to get away . it 's on I . jacob no. I could not . michael what ? you want the Plaza ? do not be foolish . here . take this , too . ( he pull out a business card ) this be my place on Prince Street . it 's get my phone , everything . call if you need I ... but you will not . everything 's gonna work out . you just get outta town as fast as you can . the New York police can be effective when they want to be . jacob I do not know what to say . michael save the word ... just send back my credit card . michael laugh , hug jacob , and walk away . int . HOTEL room - day jacob be in a lovely motel room overlook gramercy square . he be sprawle out happily on the bed when there be a knock at the door . he jump up and open it . jezzie be stand there . she look at jacob quizzically . he smile and take she in he arm , swinging she into the room . jezzie what be you do here ? be you all right ? how do you expect to pay for this ? ( jacob smile ) everyone 's look for you , Jake . I dodge people all over the place , reporter , police . I do not know what you be gonna do . jacob I be gonna make love to you . that 's what I be gonna do . jezzie be you out of you mind ? jacob yep. finally . I love you , jez . jezzie God , I can not keep up with all you change . jacob I neither . jezzie what 's get into you ? jacob grin . CUT to jacob and jezzie lie in bed gently caress one another . for all he ardor jacob be exhaust from the event of the precede day . while stroking jezzie 's hair he begin to fall asleep . jezzie crawl on top of he and shove she hand down he pants . jacob smile . dissolve to jacob and jezzie make love . time CUT : dissolve to jacob and jezzie lie in front of the t.v. watch a romantic movie . jezzie snuggle up to jacob . jezzie it 's amazing , you know , that a drug could change thing like that , destroy a life and then give it back . it 's hard to believe that the world could be so hellish on day and like heaven the next . jacob I tell you , it be so wonderful . I feel like a little boy . I see paradise , jezzie . jezzie it 's so hard to believe . there be a knock at the door . jacob throw on a bathrobe . jezzie jump under the sheet . jacob who 's there ? bellboy ( v.o. ) it 's you dinner , sir . jezzie 's eye brighten . jacob open the door . a bellboy wheel in a table set for dinner . he set it in a corner of the room . jezzie jump out of bed , run to the table , sniff at the food , and squeal excitedly . jezzie this be one of my dream , Jake . ever since I be a little girl . I never think it would happen . jacob stick with I , kid . jezzie smile . time CUT : dissolve to jacob and jezzie sit next to a large window overlook gramercy park . they be sip champagne . jezzie I want to go with you , Jake . wherever you go . jacob it 's not practical , jez . it will be hard enough alone . jezzie I can waitress . I be good . jacob no . thing be too hot . later . I will send for you . jezzie bullshit ! jacob I promise . jezzie please . jacob no. I be a mark man , jez . I be the only one leave . I do not want to expose you to that . it 's not right for you or I . be reasonable . jezzie reasonable ? reasonable ? Jake ... you be gettin ' I angry . jacob I love you when you be angry . jezzie oh yeah ? ( she eye twinkle suggestively ) try leavin ' without I . jacob laugh . jezzie do not . unexpectedly she grab jacob and push he onto the bed . in second they be all over each other , they clothes fly in all direction . they seem as happy as could be . omit int . grand central station - day jacob enter grand central station . he check out all the people around he . not a demon in sight . hurrying to the ticket window he get in line . the ticket seller look up . jacob Chicago . one way . for tomorrow . seller how many ? jacob one . seller that will be $ 119.75 . jacob pull out michael 's credit card . the seller ring it up . while he be wait jacob notice a policeman look at he . the stare unsettle he . the seller hand jacob he ticket . he take it and hurry into the crowd . look back he notice the policeman be follow he . int . men' room - day jacob enter the men' room . he hurry into one of the stalsl , drop he pants , and sit . he eye the graffiti on the wall and then notice a wad of tissue stuff into a hole between he and the next stall . it be move . suddenly the tissue fall to the floor . jacob glance at the hole curiously and lean forward to examine it . he be shocked to see a eye stare back at he . jacob goddamn it ! ( he cover it with he hand . a pencil jab he palm . he yell ) Fucking pervert . two lip form around the hole . a tongue wag obscenely . voice dream on ! jacob ( shocked ) what ?! the mouth be go . jacob hear the stall door fly open and foot run from the room . he jump up and grab he pants . he dash out of the men' room . he hear footstep and chase after they . int . grand central station - day jacob burst into the MAIN terminal . he see someone rush toward the main door and speed after he . homeless people , huddle along the corridor , watch as they run past . escape to the street , the man disappear in the holiday throng . jacob , craze , stand gasp for breath . his fist dig into he coat pocket . suddenly he feel something and seem surprised when michael 's card emerge in he hand . omit int . soho loft build - evening jacob run up the stair in a soho loft build . it be a dingy , industrial staircase , poorly light . he reach a door with michael 's name paint on it in large black letter . he knock loudly . there be no answer . he pound on it . another door open on the floor above . a head stick out . man you lookin ' for Mike ? jacob ( panting hard ) where be he ? man do not know . have not pick he mail up in day . it 's not like he . jacob have a frenzied look in he eye . he search around the staircase and see a pile of lumber stack in a corner . he grab a two - by-four and lunge at the door . man what the hell be you do ? jacob do not answer . he smashes wildly at the door until the lock fly open . int . michael be loft - evening jacob charge into the dark space grop for a light . he find it . the loft be a disaster area . nothing be stand . jacob run from room to room . in the back he discover a large private chemistry lab . Glass vial and bottle be shattered on the floor . jacob rifle through the cabinet . a few bottle be intact but they label mean nothing to he . he reach for one cabinet and notice a reddish liquid ooze out from the bottom . he open it . michael 's severe head stare he in the face . it be smile . a scream ring out as the man from upstairs see what jacob have see . jacob jump back , trip , and fall over michael 's headless body . it be lie sprawle across the floor . man oh my God ! jacob stumble to pull himself up . he be in a state of unrelieve panic . he run past the man and spill out the doorr . he take two and three stair at a time , nearly fly to the street . ext . soho street - night jacob rush into the icy air and run wildly down the sidewalk as fast as he leg will move . with unexpected violence he charge into the side of a building . over and over he hurl himself against it . he grab for the brick . his finger insert themselves into the crevice . it be as though he be try to merge with the wall . suddenly jacob turn and dash into the street . a taxi be speed toward he , its light the only sign of life and warmth in the dark night . jacob step into its path . it be hard to tell if he be try to stop the cab or wait to be hit . the taxi screech to a halt . jacob stare at it a moment and then step to get in . the driver try to pull off but jacob yank at the door and drag himself inside . int . taxi - night rain be beginning to fall . it streak the window . jacob ( barely audible ) I be go to Brooklyn . driver sorry , Mac . not with I you be not . I get lose in Brooklyn . jacob I know the way . jacob reach into he pants pocket , pull out a twenty dollar bill , and hand it to the driver . he take it . jacob ( continue ) look , this be all the money I have get in the world . take I home and it 's yours . driver ... where 's you home ? CUT to the taxi head down west broadway , approach the brooklyn bridge , crossing the east river , and drive through dark brooklyn street . jacob 's face pass in and out of dense shadow . every time he be bath in light he image seem to alter . something in he be fall away . ext . sarah' apartment build - night jacob get out of the taxi and approach the lobby of sarah' apartment build . jacob be greet by the doorman . doorman Dr. Singer . it 's be a long time . jacob ( greeting he warmly ) hello , Sam . doorman ( notice jacob 's batter condition ) be you all right ? jacob I be okay . doorman do you want some help ? I can call upstairs . jacob no , do not . but thanks . int . hallway - night jacob stop in front of the apartment door and reach he hand underneath a section of the hallway carpet . it come back with a key . he insert it into the lock and gently open the door . he call out . jacob hello . it 's I . int . sarah' apartment - night some light be on . the apartment look comfortable and cozy . jacob hello ? be anybody home ? jed ? eli ? daddy 's here . there be still no answer . jacob be surprised . he peer into the dark live room and then walk to the kitchen . no one be around . a photo of jacob , sarah , and there boy be sit on the counter . he pick it up and carry it with he through the apartment . he walk into he old bedroom and then into the boy ' room . the bed be still unmade . there be no one home . he see he image in the bathroom mirror and turn away in disgust . he walk back to the live room . he be about to switch the light on when he hear footstep come down the hall . he call out . jacob Sarah , be that you ? I hope you do not mind . I need to come home . jacob be startle to see jezzie enter the room . she do not seem he usual self . she appear larger , more impose . jezzie hello , Jake . I know you would come here in the end . jacob be nervous . jacob what be you ... ? where 's Sarah ? where be the boy ? jezzie sit down , Jake . jacob where be they ? jezzie sit down . jacob no ! what 's go on ? where 's my family ? jezzie it 's over , Jake . it 's all over . jacob where have they go ? jezzie wake up . stop play with yourself . it 's finish . jezzie stare at jacob with a frightening , powerful glare . the edge of she coat rustle and flutter as she move toward he . it be a innocent sound at first , but after a moment it transform into something else , a obsessive flap noise , the sound of a wing . jacob 's body feel the first wave of a inner tremor . his leg be shaking . jacob what 's go on ? jezzie you capacity for self - delusion be remarkable , Dr. Singer . jezzie begin walk around the dark live room as she talk to he . something about she walk be very unnatural . jacob eye she fearfully . in the darkness jezzie 's movement become increasingly strange and elusive . we see she pass before a shadow and disappear within it , only to reappear , second later , in a doorway on the other side of the room . jacob spin around , confuse . suddenly jezzie be inch from he face , although it seem like there have be no time for she to get there . her movement be totally impossible , defy all logic , all physical law . jezzie ( continue ) what 's wrong , Jake ? ( she mock he ) forget to take you antidote ? jacob who be you ? what be you do to I ? jezzie you have quite a mind , Jake . I love you friend . that chemist - the ladder . what a imagination you have ! jacob freeze . jezzie ( continue ) and you vision of paradise ... fantastic ! you be a real dreamer , you know that ? only it 's time to wake up . jezzie have disappear in the darkness of the room . only the sound of flap wing remain . they grow louder and more menace , whoosh past he with no visible source . jezzie ( continue ) you mind be crumble , Jake . no more " army . " no more conspiracy . you be die , Dr. Singer . it 's over . jacob , frighten , turn toward the door as if to hurry out . " jezzie " laugh . jezzie ( continue ) where 's to run , Jacob ? where 's to go ? jacob pause a moment and then turn to confront the terror behind he . jacob who be you ? jezzie how many time have you ask I that ? how many time ? jacob tell I , damn you ! jezzie ( with consummate power ) you know who I am . jezzie appear from the shadow . her coat collar obscure she and it seem for a moment that she have no face . then , to jacob 's horror , she turn around . he be stare at the vibrate creature he have see so often before . glimpse almost in abstraction it be a live terror , dark and undefinable . its face be a black and impenetrable void in constant vibration . its voice be a unspeakable demonic cry , the essence of fear and suffer . jacob pull away from it , overhwelm by confusion . he be roote in fear . a sudden wind howl through the room , great gale blow jacob 's hair straight up . it be like a hurricane push he into the wall . he can barely stand . he struggle to pull himself away . the flap sound return , charge at he from all direction . it be as if the darkness itself be swoop down , try to envelop he . jacob ( whisper to himself ) this be not happen . New terrible sound arise , chain saw slashing through the air , knife , and saber rip through space with unrelent anger . gun fire and explode past he head . it be as though all the sound of destruction be close in on he . jacob yell but he own voice be lose in the melee . terrify , he look heavenward , as if cry for help . suddenly , from the noise , a calm voice rise , speak , as if from a distance . it be louis . jacob be shocked to hear he . he stand motionless . louis ( v.o. ) if you be frighten of die you will see devil tear you apart . if you have make you peace then they be angel freeing you from the world . the voice fade . jacob just stand there , not sure what to do . and then the sound return . only now they be more terrifying than ever . hideously loud , they become a cacophony of sound , voice of parent , friend , lover , the sound of battle , fight , and die . jacob look up and see the creature in the center of the room . all the sound seem to emenate from it . the more jacob stare at it the louder they become . after a moment , jacob take a huge breath . we sense a great resolve form inside he . then , slowly , courageously , he begin move toward it . new and more terrifying noise assault jacob , attempt to drive he back , but he will not be stop . he continue walk toward the creature . in the hallway a stand lamp slam sparking to the floor . it roll back and forth like a live thing , with a madden hypnotic regularity . Doors slam open and close , unlatch , snap , shutting , with deafen force . the room itself seem like a organic presence . it be alive , angry , and threaten . the creature sit in the midst of the insanity like the source of madness itself . it writhes , contort and vibrate with unstoppable fury . jacob , terrify , but unrelent , continue to approach it . as the camera draw closer to the creature's head the density of its featureless form overwhelm the screen . it be like stare into emptiness itself , the ultimate darkness . with superhuman effort jacob grab hold of the creature . it be like grab hold of a live wire . his body begin shaking uncontrollably like a man be electrocute . he be fly in all direction but do not let go . his finger claw at the creature 's head . jacob struggle defiantly with the monster . suddenly a terrible voice emerge from within it . creature who do you think you're fighting ! jacob do not respond . it cry out again . creature who the hell do you think you're fighting ? deep inside the darkness jacob begin to make out the presence of a form , something writhe and torture lurking before we . it look briefly like a animal until we realize it be the image of a human face . it be cover by a dark suffocating film , like a mask . jacob dig into it with all he might and pull it off . CUT to : dead silence as jacob sees he own face stare back at he from beneath the mask . it be jacob singer as we first see he on the battlefield in Vietnam . only now he image be pale and lifeless . it take jacob a moment to realize that he be dead . the recognition be one of terrible confusion and pain . jacob stare at himself for a long time as a huge cry well up inside he . it burst forth with devastating sadness . as that instant the whole of space seem to explode in a flash of catacylsmic power . hundred of image from jacob 's life flash before we , he birth , he childhood , he adulthood . the demon , the room , jezzie , louis , michael , sarah , all seem to assail we in a rush of blind intensity . we be fly over a landscape of memory , zoom across a constantly change field of image . some of the image move , some of the people in they speak . they be not particularly significant memory , in some way they be quite banal , but something about they be infuse with life and joy . even the painful moment resonate with vital force . some of the moment we recognize from the time we have spend with jacob . some we have not see before . there be no order to they , no logic to why they have be recall . a newborn baby take its first breath and scream . sarah pull clothes off a clothes line on a rainy day . jacob 's father stand in the Florida surf as sea foam lap gently at he leg . paul , frank , and jacob play card on the edge of a rice paddy . gabe ride he bike into the path of a oncoming car . a child put he ear next to a bowl of cereal , listen to it talk . a young girl stand in a doorway lift up she blouse to show she new breast . jacob and sarah slice a wedding cake that topple to the floor . jezzie look at jacob and ask " Love I a little ? " and then it be over . total silence overwhelm the screen , a wonderful soothing calm . jacob 's eye open and he be shocked to find himself sit on the floor in sarah 's apartment . he be all alone . the first ray of early morning sunlight be filter through the window . something about the apartment seem transfigure , magical . jacob sit motionless , stunne to be back there . the faint sound of music can be hear come from the hallway . it be warm and familiar , the tinkling of a music box . jacob listen to it for a few moment and then something register inside he . curious , he get up and approach the corridor . jacob hello ? there be no response . suddenly the music stop . jacob freeze for a moment . he see someone stand in the shadow at the other end . jacob ( continue ) who be it ? who 's there ? tentatively jacob move forward . as he draw closer he begin to see the outline of a child . then , all of a sudden , he realize who it be . his eye well up as he stand there , the full impact of the moment register inside he . it 's he son , gabe . he be carry the same musical lunch box we have see before . the young boy smile warmly at he father . it be the smile of a angel . jacob swallow hard . jacob ( continue ) gabe ? gabe ! jacob run to he son . unable to hold back the tear , he embrace he in a rush of love and emotion . jacob ( continue ) gabe . oh God . I do not believe ... they hug one another over and over . jacob , overcome , sit down on the stiar . after a moment gabe put he arm around he father 's shoulder in a gesture of surprising maturity and compassion . we sense for a instant that they role have reverse . gabe reach for jacob 's hand and gently encourage he to stand up . with a sweet tug gabe lead he father up the step . sunlight stream down from the top of the stiar , hit the first landing . gabe be bath in its warm glow . as jacob reach the landing , he too be surround by the comforting light . gabe hurry up the last set of stair . jacob turn to follow but be stunne by the brilliance of the light pour in from above . squint , he can not see he son . then suddenly gabe step back out of the light and take he father 's hand once more . his eye sparkle with excitement . gabe come on dad ... you know what we have get ? a sandbox just like the williston 's , only it 's bigger and the sand 's all white . you will not believe it . jacob smile at he son . gabe smile at he . it be a moment of total euphoria . the camera hold as they continue up the stair . gabe ( continue ) and my parakeet . remember , the one grandma let out of the cage ? he 's okay . and he 's talk now . he know my name . gabe 's voice slowly trail off as he and he father disappear in the intenstity of the light . the camera hold on the image . for a brief but stun moment there appear to be a huge ethereal staircase shimmer before we . it rise up into infinite dimension . then the brilliance of its blind light overwhelm the screen . suddenly the brightness condense into a smaller light source . it hold for a second and then flash off . a overhead surgical lamp remain stubbornly in view . int . vietnam field hospital - day a doctor lean he head in front of the lamp and remove he mask . his expression be somber . he shake he head . his word be simple and final . doctor he 's go . CUT to jacob singer lie on a operate table in a large army field tent in vietnam . the doctor step away . a nurse rudely pull a green sheet over he head . the doctor turn to one of the aide and throw up he hand in defeat . a orderly wheel jacob 's body past row of other doctor and nurse fight to save life . a young vietnamese boy pull back a screen door to let they out of the tent . it be a bright , fresh morning . the sun be rise . the end " jacob' ladder " ( deleted scene ) by Bruce Joel rubin --- addendum 1 : professor stern -- int . CITY college lecture hall - day CUT to a huge ampitheatre - style lecture hall at CITY college . it be almost empty . no more than forty student be scattered near the front of nearly three hundred seat . all be listen to professor emanuel stern who be near the end of he lecture . stern thus at the core of today 's discu - sion we find four fundamental doc - trine . first , that the world of matter and individual consciousness be both manifestation of one Divine reality . one of the student seem about to fall asleep and keep nodd he head . stern even you , Mr. palmer , be part of it , as amazing as that may seem . mr . palmer sit up quickly in he seat as other student smile . stern second , human being be capable not only of kowledge about this Divine re - ality by inference but can realize its existence by direct intuition , superior even to reason . a door open in the upper reach of the lecture hall . jacob enter and walk quietly down the stair to within hearing range of the professor . stern third , man possess a double nature , a ego and a eternal self , what we call " spirit " or " soul . " jacob take a seat at one of the desk . there be a pencil lie on it which he finger distractedly . stern fourth , and most important , man 's life on earth have only one end and purpose , to learn to let go of the separate ego and to identify with the Divine spark within . mr . palmer be nodd off again . stern almost impossible to believe , be not it Mr. palmer , that somewhere in that unconscious head of yours lie the source of all consciousness ? palmer yes , sir. very hard . stern ( nodd he head ) well now , have reach this apotheosis there seem little , if anything , leave to say . so rather than try , you be dismiss . the student seem surprised but not unhappy with the sudden dismissal . they quickly gather they book and begin the long climb to the exit . only jacob remain seat . jacob hello prof . professor stern look up and stare at kacob for several second before recognize he . stern my oh my . Doctor Singer . be not this a happy surprise ? jacob come down the aisle and clasp hand with he old professor . stern ( look at jacob 's uni - form ) be you in the service ? jacob the postal service . I be a mailman . stern ( surprised but non - judgemental ) ah. neither snow nor sleet , nor dark of night ... I always admire that . jacob ( smile ) it 's good to see you . stern likewise . ext . CITY college - day jacob and professor stern walk down the city street that constitute the campus of CITY college . stern and how be you wife ? Sarah , no ? jacob ( shrugging he shoul - der ) I have not see she in month . stern ( understanding ) ah ! jacob I be with another woman now . we be both with the post office , Midtown , 34th Street branch . stern hmm . I do not suppose there be too many philosopher in the post office ? jacob oh , you would be surprised . they just do not have they doctorate , that 's all . stern ( he smile ) last I hear you be offer a posi - tion in the West somewhere . tuscon be it ? jacob oh , that go way back . they have a hire freeze , one of that last minute - ute thing . bad timing for I though . Middle of the war . the draft . ( stern nod he head . they walk a moment in silence ) I will tell you prof , after viet nam ... I do not want to think anymore . I decide my brain be just too small a organ to comprehend this chaos . stern ( look at jacob with affection ) Jacob , if it be any other brain but yours , I might agree . ( he pause ) tell I , do you lady friend know what a brilliant thinker , what a sub - lime intellect she 's live with ? jacob ( smile coyly ) I doubt it 's my mind that interest she . I tell you prof , she 's a fiery lady . stern ( with a fatherly demeanor ) well , try not to get burn . you have a great mind , Jacob . do not let anyone tempt you away from it . int . off campus coffee shop - day jacob and professor stern be sit at a quiet table in a nearly empty coffee shop . they be both fix cup of tea , not speak . suddenly jacob look at stern . jacob I have get a problem , prof . more augus - tine than kierkegaard , if you know what I mean . ( stern look at he questioningly ) I need to know about ... demon . stern ( surprised ) demon , Jacob ? why demon ? be you write ... ? jacob no. ( he pause a moment ) I see they . stern see they ? ( he smile uncomforta - bly ) what do you mean ? physically ? jacob ( hesitantly ) yes . stern pause . he look at jacob . the intensity of he gaze be unsettle and jacob reach for he tea . the cup rattles . stern I know very little about demon , ja - cob , fleshy one anyway . I know they as literary figure , biblical one ... Dante , milton ... but Jacob , ( he pause ) this be the 20th century . we do not see demon now . jacob I see they , Prof. everywhere . they be invade my life . a look of concern fill stern 's eye . jacob ( continue ) Christ , I know how it sound . stern have you consider a doctor ? a psy - chiatrist ? jacob yes. ( suddenly uneasy ) I do not want they . I be not look for analysis or drug . it 's too easy to dismiss as some kind of psychosis . ( he pause uncomforta - bly ) it 's more than that . I can feel it . I need you prof . you be the only one I can talk to . stern I do not know what to say . jacob I need you insight , you intuition . stern sip he tea slowly . he be think . stern demon ? I do not know what to tell you . it sound like a spiritual mat - ter to I . the problem , Jacob , be that you have no context for it . you be a renegade existentialist suf - fering demon a hundred year after Freud . how the hell be I suppose to make it fit ? jacob I be afraid , prof . nothing make sense . ( he pause ) please help I . stern ( try to be delicate ) Jacob , I do not believe in demon , not in the empirical sense . I do not be - lieve in devil fight for we soul . I do not believe in enternal damnation . I do not believe in other - worldly creature torment we . we do not need they . we do a good enough job on ourselves . jacob ( disturb ) but I see they . stern look . I do not pretend to know what 's go on inside you head . for all I know it 's pathological and they should be pump valium into you vein by the quart . but if you be not willing to accept the help of sci - ence ; and believe I , I admire you for that : then you will have to do bat - tle on you own . what can I say ? it 's a lonely pilgrimage through we time even for the strongest soul . but to be pursue by ... demon no less ... there be no guide , Jacob . ( he muse ) you wanna know what I would do if I sud - denly start see demon ? I would hail the first taxi that come along , shoot over to bellvue and beg they for shock treatment . I be no saint . jacob Hell , you think I be ? stern I 'venever understand you , you know that ? you be by far the best pupil I have ever have , bar none . intellectu - ally , you be the most original , the most imaginative . who know , maybe you have be " elect " to see demon . maybe you be in touch with ... some - thing . nothing would surprise I about you Jacob . nothing . jacob gaze at he old friend and mentor , frustration blaze in he eye . they be both surprised to see tear form and run down he cheek . jacob reach for a napkin and dry they quickly . stern , uncomfortable in the face of emotion , turn away . --- addendum 2 : the party at della be --- suddenly a strange and terrifying spectacle unfold before he . the dancers undergo a shocking transformation , a full three - dimensional alteration of they physical form . clothes fuse to they body like new skin . horn and tail emerge and grow like exotic genital , exciting a frenzy among the dancers . New appendage appear unfold from they flesh . dorsal fin protrude from they back . armore scale run in scallop down they leg . tail entwine sensuously . Long tongue lick at the underside of reptilian belly . the metamorphosis hold a biological fascination . Bones and flesh mold into new form of life , creature of another world . CUT to jacob 's face as it register terror and disbelief . he stare at the dancers . they be perverse , corrupt aspect of they normal selve . he be mesmerize by jezzie . her flesh have grow hard and wrinkle and have the marking of a snake . her tongue , long and curl , dart in and out of she mouth repeatedly . her eye be thin and domineer . they lock jacob in they gaze . he want to stop , to run , but jezzie will not release he . jacob grab he eye as though try to pull the vision from they but it will not go away . the music throbs . his action become spastic , almost delirious . his hysteria attract the attention of the other dancers . a circle form around jacob and jezzie as they frenzy transcend the boundary of dance and erupt into a almost orgiastic display . jacob be out of control . his fury become a kind of exorcism , a desperate attempt to free himself from he body and he mind . CUT to jacob as he eye pass beyond pain . the dark wall of the apartment fade away . ext . vietnam - night strange face in infantry helmet appear in the darkness , outline by a bright moon that be emerge from behind a large cloud . the face be look down and voice be speak . voice he 's burn up . voice total delirium . voice he will never make it . voice that 's some gash . his gut keep spilling out . voice push them back . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cry weakly ) help I ! his eye focus on the moon . ring of light emanate from it fill the sky with they sparkling brilliance . the ring draw we forward with a quicken intensity that grow into exhilate speed . the rush cause they to flash stroboscopically and produce a dazzle , almost sensual , surge of color . the display be spectacular and compelling . a voice can be hear in the distance . voice I think we be lose he . suddenly the flicker ring begin to define a tangible image , a kind of celestial staircase , rise up into infinite dimension . as we speed toward it , it grow increasingly majestic . the image be so awesome and other - worldly that it be difficult to grasp what be be see . Music can be hear in the distance . it too be celestial in its beauty . then , unexpectedly , it grow hard and insistent , like a heartbeat . heavy breathe accompany the sound . the image of the staircase shatter and disappear , replace by intense flash of red and blue light . the music grow louder and reach a thunder crescendo . then silence . --- addendum 3 : jacob' live room --- int . jacob be live room - day CUT to applause from a real television game show as jacob switch channel on the live room t.v . he stop on a interview program , turn up the sound , and run to the bathroom . the camera stay on the television . jacob can be hear urinate in the distance . mac haye , a young , virile , and smug reporter be speak . haye the reverend norman Murphy , leader of one of the large group support the armageddon Committee , tell we camera that we be no longer deal in decade but year . the reverend fill the t.v. screen . murphy the battleground be be readied . we planet be the battlefield . we soul be the prize . all the sign point to the inevitable confrontation between the force of good and evil . people must choose side . there be no draft evasion in this war . all be call . all must take up weapon . be you prepare ? that 's the question we ask . the toilet flush and jacob walk back into the live room and turn down the sound . haye do you find people scoffing at you , reverend ? after all , there have be doomsayer for thousand of year and we be still here . murphy people be less apt to laugh this day . the prophecy be too close for comfort . I mean , all you have to do be watch the news . haye there be some who claim that you pessimism be defeatist and what the world need now be hope , a positive thrust . murphy I think the time for hope have pass . the seed have be plant . we shall reap what we have sow . ( he pause ) pessimist , no . I think we be percieve as the only realist around . haye other movement leader agree . in a interview ... suddenly the telephone ring . it startles jacob . he jump . it ring again . he reach down , turn off the t.v. , and pick up the phone . his eye continue to stare at the blank screen as he talk . --- addendum 4 : jacob' bedroom --- int . jacob be bedroom - night the bedroom be dark . jacob and jezzie be make love . a half - smoke joint be smoulder in a ashtray by the bed . jezzie be poise on top of jacob and he eye be focus on she face . a hurricane lamp cast a warm glow over they body . its flicker light play game with jacob 's eye and for a moment jezzie seem to disappear . jacob reach out for she breast and he hand seem to vanish into the shadow dance across she . with sudden , hallucinogenic impact , jacob feel himself draw into a starry universe open from inside she . the camera plunge through she image into a galxy of star and rush toward one that be twinkle brightly . pulsation of its light whiten the screen . out of the whiteness appear a momentary flash of the celestial staircase , accompany by sound of sexual climax . the staircase sparkles for a instant and then it 's go . the sparkle become a glimmer in jezzie 's eye as she face fill the screen . she look especially lovely and radiant . her image move with the lamplight . jacob 's face be ecstatic . he can barely talk and simply bask in jezzie 's glow . slowly , she lean forward and whisper in he ear . jezzie so tell I ... be I still a angel ? jacob ( smile broadly ) with wing . ( he stroke she hair ) you transport I , you know that ? you carry I away . --- addendum 5 : demon in the wall --- int . jacob be apartment - day jacob be sit in a comfortable chair in he live room . he be read . the room be dark , light only by a read light . the wall be mostly in shadow . the light , however , fall on one section of the wall , a portion that have be line in fake wood panele . jacob 's eye suddenly lift off the page and roam over the wood grain on the wall . all of a sudden he notice something strange , a image in the grain . he stare at it . the more he stare the more precise its definition . the image of a demon appear in the wall . jacob sit up quickly and stare at the walll . it be impossible to get the demon 's image out of the grain . it seem etched , even imbed , in the panele . jacob look away and return to he book . he be read about archetype and the primordial mind . but the book do not hold he attention . he be obsessed with the wall . its molecule seem suddenly active , the wood grain suddenly animate . layer begin to appear in the surface of the wall as the grain pattern slowly define a rocky , barren landscape . the demon be grow solid . cries and scream rise up in the distance . flame and a red glow emanate from the space extend rapidly into the wall . the image of Hell erupt before he . jacob stand up . he can see body suffer beyond the wall , mass of people wail and endure the torment of a fiery world . the demon 's arm slowly extend from the plane of the wall and reach into the room . he be huge , cover in flame and skull , a live horror . he grab hold of jacob and pull he toward the wall . jacob try to back away but he cannot . his face be white with fear . the demon draw jacob toward the inferno . jacob ( yell at the top of he lung ) no ! suddenly jezzie appear , the light from the bedroom flooding the panele wall . the demon vanish instantly . jezzie Jake , be you all ... ? she stop dead in she track . CUT to jacob press up against the wall , defy gravity and logic , as though about to merge with the solid surface . his body hold there for a moment and then collapse to the floor . jezzie go to he . jezzie Jake ? Jake ? he do not answer . he look at jezzie with a blank stare . his body begin shaking . int . jacob be bedroom - night jacob be lie on the bed , curl up in a fetal pose . jezzie be stroking he hair and try to calm he . jezzie it 's go to be all right , Jake . it 's go to be all right . do not be afraid . I have get you now . jacob hold I , jezzie . hold I . jezzie wrap herself around he shiver body and warm he with she own . the image seem tender and comforting until we notice jezzie 's tongue darting nervously in and out . it look strangely like a snake 's . --- addendum 6 : the hospital --- the resident inject the serum into jacob 's vein while two orderlies hold he still . jacob barely struggle . his eye fixate on the emergency room wall . it be white and sterile . within moment it begin to emit a reddish glow . jacob watch with astonishment as the wall 's two -dimensional surface separate into three - dimensional plane . the solid surface give way to a dark chamber that be not there before . out of the transmute space creature begin to form . bosch -like demon with horn and tail , undeniably of another world . slowly several of they emerge from the wall and approach jacob . they look like parody of doctor and nurse , wear traditional hospital gowns . without a word they wheel he through the space where the wall have be . jacob try to scream but no sound come out . int . hell - night the dark chamber be fill with mournful creature be lead by demon through a series of corridor . no one fight or struggle . jacob 's stretcher be move through the darkness . he try to sit up but be force back down . he be obviously drugge . jacob be wheeled into a tiny chamber . a number of demon be wait for he . chain and pulley hang from the ceiling . they be lower and attach with speed and efficiency to jacob 's arm and leg . the device be manipulate smoothly and jacob be lift off the stretcher . the chain retract , stretch he spread - eagle in the air . he scream loudly . jacob oh God ! the demon laugh . there be the sound of a huge door close . jacob be leave in darkness . the darkness be hallucinogenic . fire appear beyond the boundary of the wall ; image of Dante 's inferno , soul of the dead in endless torment . jacob be but one of countless being share a vastness of torment . his own scream for help be lose in the magnitude of voice cry . suddenly , out of the meance shadow , a contingent of demon emerge . they be carry sharp surgical instrument . they surround jacob , they eye glisten as bright as they blade . jacob be panting and sweat with fear . for a instant , one of the demon look like jezzie . jacob call out to she . jacob jezzie ! help I ! the demon laugh as she change form . they take great pleasure in he suffer . they voice be strange and not human . each utterance contain a multitude of contradictory tone , sincere and compassionate , taunting and mock at the same time . the confusion of meaning be a torment of its own . --- addendum 7 : jacob' bedroom --- int . jacob' bedroom jacob be lie on the floor of he bedroom do exercise for he back . he have several day ' growth of beard and do not look well . his mind be drift and only the occasional pain in he back remind he of what he be do . jezzie can be hear vacuume the carpet in the live room . suddenly the door swing open . the wail of the vacuum cleaner cause jacob to tense . his eye drift down from the ceiling . jezzie vacuum around he and seem insensitive to he presence . jezzie shove the vacuum cleaner under the bed and hit something . jacob tighten . she look and be shocked to discover a can of gasoline and box of kitchen match . it take she a second to understand the implication of what she have find . jacob be ready when she begin yell . jezzie you be completely off you rocker , you know that ? you would think you fall on you head instead of you back . what be you plan to do , burn down the apartment along with you demon ? she begin to remove the gasoline can . jacob ( yell ) do not you touch it . ( he glare at she ) jezzie let go of the can and grab the vacuum . she move it furiously across the carpet . suddenly jacob see she tongue darting in and out , unconsciously . she look strange , not human . jacob freeze . he yell out . jacob who be you ? the sound of the vacuum cleaner drown out he voice . he yell again . jezzie see he and turn off the machine . his voice boom out . jacob ( continue ) who the hell be you ? jezzie ignore the question and turn the vacuum cleaner back on . jacob roll over and pull out the plug . jacob why will not you answer I ? jezzie ( angry ) Cause you know goddamn well who I be . jacob I do not know you . jezzie you have live with I for two year . jacob that do not mean shit . where do you come from , huh ? and I do not mean Indiana . jezzie what do you want I to say ? my mother 's tummy ? jacob you know goddamn well what I mean . jezzie you be out of you fuck mind . I be not gonna stand around here gettin ' interrogate by you . jacob well leave then . go to Hell . jezzie ( furious ) you son-of - a-bitch . who do you think you be ? I do not deserve this . who take care of you day and night ? who clean the floor and wash you goddamn underwear ? well , I have have it . you flip out on you own , you ungrateful bastard . I be do hold you hand . I do not want anything to do with you , you hear ? nothing ! she storm out of the room , kick the vacuum cleaner as she go . jacob can see flash of she through the open crack of the bedroom door . occasional curse and epithet hurl through the open along with a flood of tear . jacob catch glimpsis of she as she grab she coat from the hall closet and as she pull she money out of the desk drawer . he can see the lamp as she shove it to the floor and hear it shatter as she stomp on it with she foot . there be a blur as she head to the front door and a deafen bang as she leave . jacob 's eye drift up to the ceiling . they hardly blink . he stare at the plaster , chip and crack , above he . suddenly the crack begin to move . jacob jump up . a demon be materialize over he head . jacob yell and grab hold of the extension pole for the vacuum cleaner . with a furious cry he begin jam it at the ceiling . Rather than blot out the evolve image he attack help to define it . jacob slam harder . plaster and wood lath cover the floor . the demon be go . pant hard , jacob reach for match and the gasoline can . he stop and stare at they with great intensity . --- addendum 8 : the antidote sequence --- the ceiling begin to rumble . crack split wide open . huge crevass tear through the plaster . jacob 's world be crumble . he stare in horror as demonic form attempt to surge through the rupture above he . pierce eye and sharp tooth glimmer in the darkness . hoove foot and point claw clamor to break through . jacob ( continue ) help I ! instantly michael appear stand over he . he be hold the vial with the antidote . he draw a eyedropper full of the fluid and hold it over jacob 's mouth . michael take it ! jacob fight he but michael force the entire content of the eyedropper down he throat . jacob gag . he try to spit it out , but can not . suddenly the ceiling erupt in violent clash as whole chunks break off and collide with one another like continental plate . the collision wreak havoc on the demon , chopping and dismember they . body part fall from the ceiling like a Devil 's rain . horrible scream echo from the other side . flashes of light and dark storm over jacob 's head , thunder like a war in the heaven . it be a scene of raw power and grow catastrophe . it build in fury and rage until suddenly the ceiling explode . matter atomize instantly . trillion of particle hurl chaotically in all direction . the wall shatter into a dazzle brightness . for a moment there be a sense of intense forward movement , a rush toward oblivion . and then , suddenly , it stop . there be absolute quiet and stillness . jacob 's eye stare into the formlessness sparkling around he . all space have become a shine void . gradually faint pastel color appear like color molecule , dance and spin , redirecting space into new formation . they weave pattern of intricate complexity and stun beauty . as the color grow brighter and more vivid they abstraction give way to solid form . a garden scene emerge . it be a garden of light , a vast , almost mythic , rousseau paradise . it radiate a intense shimmer light . jacob 's eye be cpativate by the vision before he . a sudden movement catch he attention . he look up and notice michael still stand beside he . michael , however , be rapidly change form . it be a full , plastic , three - dimensional metamorphosis . his very flesh seem to expand and glow with its own inner light . his face shine and radiate a almost transcendental beauty . jacob be nearly blind by michael 's presence and must shield he eye to look at he . michael smile a extraordinary and joyous smile that radiate such intense luminosity that jacob have to squint to see it . suddenly michael step off the ground . he rise into the air and float above jacob . jacob can barely breathe as he watch he . michael rise into a sky fill with orb and blaze light . the light shine on jacob 's head . he effervesc and shimmer in they glow . one of the orb send a burst of light explode over jacob . so intense be the light that jacob grab he eye . as he open they again he see that the garden be fade back into pure light . michael , too , be fade . another burst of light and the garden be reabsorbed by the void . only the brightness remain . it be many second before we realize that the HOTEL room be come together , reconstruct by the light . in moment it be fully form . sunlight be pour through the window . michael be sleep lightly in a chair . he hear jacob stare and sit up . jacob be sit on the bed . he do not seem to know where he be . his eye be fill with awe . they move slowly around the room , take everything in . he do not speak . michael get up and sit beside he . he respects he silence . --- addendum 9 : HOTEL room --- int . HOTEL room - day jacob enter the HOTEL room . jezzie be already there watch the evening news . she be still in she postal uniform , lie on the bed . she tap the mattress , invite jacob to lie next to she . a woman be cry to a reporter on the t.v. woman it 's be four day . no word . it 's not like he . he 's never do any - thing like this before . it 's like he just disappear from the face of the earth . reporter the Bureau of miss person be con - found by the continue surge of report ... jacob snap off the t.v. jezzie what would you do that for ? it 's a in - teresting story . all this people be still disappear . right off the street . ( stare at jacob ) hey , what 's wrong ? be you all right ? jacob I be okay . I just do not want to lis - ten . jezzie you look upset . jacob ( angry ) I be not upset . jezzie Jake , what be it ? jacob I be tired . jezzie you look terrible . what happen ? ( he turn away . she stare at he for a mo - ment , concerned ) Jake ... be it the antidote ? jacob goddamn it . why do you say that ? jezzie look at yourself . you look like you have see a ghost . jacob shit ! can not I just have a bad day ? jezzie you can have anything you want . jacob then do not bug I . jezzie I be not bugging you . come and lie down . I will give you a massage . ( she tap the mattress again and jacob join she . she unbutton he shirt ) where would you go today ? jacob ( evasively ) mid-town mostly . jezzie oh yeah ? what be happenin ' there ? jacob ( look away from she ) I pick up my ticket . ( he pause ) I be leave in the morning , jez . jezzie ( tensing ) oh ? ( act innocent ) where you go ? jacob ( nervously ) West . jezzie ( grow angry ) where 's West ? New Jersey ? jacob do not be funny . jezzie I always like the West , west of Il - linois anyway . but you gotta give I time to pack . jacob stop it , jez . do not do that . jezzie do what ? I have not do a thing . jacob do not play game with I . there 's nothing more to say . there be a quiet rage building in jezzie 's eye as she continue to stroke jacob 's chest . he try to relax and give himself over to the movement of she hand . silently she lean over and begin lick he stomach . jacob 's eye close . his stomach harden . he reach back and adjust the pillow beneath he head . slowly , jezzie work she way back up to he chest . her tongue dart in and out suggestively . he eye be burn with anger . her mouth poise itself over he nipple . she toy with it for a few second and then chomp down hard . the bite draw blood . jacob scream . his eye shoot open . for the flash of a instant he see a demon hover over he , a hideous horn creature lick he blood . jacob fly off the bed as the creature hurl to the floor . jacob be ready to pounce on it when he see that it be jezzie lie at he foot . his head begin reeling . he back away from the bed , not take he eye off jezzie for a second . he back to the closet and grab he coat . jezzie Jake . what be you do ? look , I be sorry , I do not mean to bite . let I get you a towel . jacob grab he wallet and he glass . he back toward the door . jezzie Jake , do not . you can not leave . you be not see thing clearly . the drug 's wear off . she stand up and begin to approach he . jacob lift up a desk chair and hold it in front of he . blood be run down he chest . jezzie Jake , do not leave I ! jacob throw the chair at the floor , open the door , and hurry into the hallway . jezzie scurries around the chair and run to the door . she yell after he , but he be already go . --- addendum 10 : the end of the movie --- int . hallway - night jacob stoops in front of the apartment door and reach he hand underneath a section of the hallway carpet . it come back with a key . he insert it into the lock and gently open the door . jacob ( call out ) hello . it 's I . int . sarah' apartment - night the light be on and the apartment look comfortable and cozy . jacob hello ? be anyone home ? jed ? elie ? dad - dy 's here . there be still no answer . jacob be surprised . he walk into the live room and then the kitchen . no one be around . he walk into he old bedroom and then the boy ' room . he be surprised to hear footstep come down the hall . he turn around and call out . jacob Sarah , be that you ? I hope you do not mind . I need to come home . jacob be startle to see jezzie enter the room . she do not seem to be she usual self . she seem larger , more impose . jezzie hello , Jake . I know you would come here in the end . jacob be nervous . jacob where 's Sarah ? where be the boy ? jezzie sit down , Jake . jacob where be they ? jezzie sit down ! jacob no ! what 's go on ? where 's my family ? jezzie it 's over , Jake . it 's all over . jacob where have they go ? jezzie wake up ! stop play with yourself . it 's finish . jezzie stare at jacob with a frightening , powerful glare . her lip snarl . her tongue begin darting in and out , only now it be not a nervous habit but a conscious act . jacob 's body feel the first wave of a inner tremor . his leg be shaking . jacob what 's go on ? jezzie smile at he . her tongue wag and suddenly shoot from she mouth beyond human extension . jacob recoil . jacob ( whisper to himself ) this be not happen . jezzie you capacity for self - delusion be remarkable , Dr. Singer . jezzie 's head begin to tighten and squeeze , as though she be suffer from cramp . jacob watch in horror as she skull give birth to point horn . jacob oh God ! jezzie what 's wrong , Jake ? ( she mock he ) forget to take you antidote ? jacob ( scream ) goddamn you ! jezzie ( smile and then laugh ) I love you chemist , Jake . the height of fantasy . and you vision of paradise . ( she laugh with a hu - miliate tone ) a most romantic creation . you be quite a dreamer , Jake . only it 's time to wake up . jacob 's eye be lock on jezzie . his mouth be wide open . his body be shaking badly . he try to back away from she but he leg barely move . jezzie there be nowhere to run , Jacob . you be home . suddenly the picture on the wall crash to the floor . plaster from the ceiling break off in huge chunks and slam to the carpet . Light bulb and lamp explode . jacob run to the door . he pull it open and scream . he be on the edge of a fiery abyss . jezzie laugh with a new intensity of demonic force . jacob spin around . jacob who be you ? jezzie how many time have you ask I that ? how many time ? jacob tell I , damn you ! jezzie ( with consummate power ) you know who I be . suddenly jezzie reach for she tongue and pull at it with all she might . it be a act of total , unrelieve grotesqueness . with each yank the horror grow as jezzie literally pull herself inside out before jacob 's eye . the emerge creature be jezzie transfigure , a demonic presence beyond anything we have see before . it be black and cover with a thick ooze slime . its head , still recognizable as jezzie , be rodent - like , with pierce green eye and terrible horn protrude from its brow . its powerful arm have long spike claw . its foot be cloven hoof . extend from its back be a long , thick , muscular tail that whip around the room with devastating force . it throw furniture crash through the air . a sudden crack sound emerge from the demon 's back . Dark form penetrate the air . jacob be breathless as huge wing unfold and spread out to the live room wall . the sound of they flap be deafen . the wall shatter from they blow . as they crumble darkness appear on the other side . there be no other room . the void envelop they . the inferno emerge in all direction . the demon roar . demon ( with jezzie 's voice ) still love I , Jake ? ( it laugh and reach out to he ) come ! CUT to jacob 's face . he have go beyond fear . a intensity of rage be building in he that we have not witness before . his whole image seem transformed by it . he glow like a volcano before it erupt . suddenly he explode . the full fury of the ladder detonate inside he . he yell at the demon with all he might . jacob no !!!!! with a power and energy of devastating force he attack the demon . jacob be battle for he very soul and tear at the demon with a animalistic fury that take it by surprise . its giant wing flap furiously , lift they both up off the floor . jacob keep fight . he claw , bite , and rip at the wing , decimate they delicate fabric . the demon , shocked , and try to gain control , crash up through the last fragment of the ceiling . jacob do not let go . they burst into the fiery darkness . the room crumble beneath they and disappear into the void . the abyss open beneath they . jacob continue he attack . his leg be lock around the demon 's waist . his hand dig into she eye . the demon shriek and surge downward with awesome velocity . the demon charge into a rocky slope , smash jacob into its cliff . jacob claw at she wing , shredd as much of they as he can reach . the demon take a huge chunk out of jacob 's arm . jacob scream , grab a rock , and shatter the demon 's tooth . the demon fall to the ground . jacob hold on . all of a sudden the demon begin to shrink . jacob be shocked and struggle to contain it . as it dwindle in size it reorder its shape . within second a powerful insect be cup in he hand . jacob try to crush it but it sting with such force that jacob 's entire body recoil . the sting persist . jacob hurl himself to the ground on top of he arm to hold the creature down . so massive be the insect 's attack . however , that jacob 's whole body heave off the ground with each sting . then the attack subside . jacob wait for the next blow . suddenly jacob 's body shoot straight up . his hand fly apart as a new life form erupt between they . he hold on tightly as flesh and blood mold and expand between he finger . the new body take rapid shape . it be a child . jacob grasp it with all he might as it complete its identity . he be horrify when he see it . it be he son . eli daddy ! jacob oh God ! eli you be hurt I ! jacob ( yell ) stop !!!! eli daddy . let go . jacob what do you want from I ? eli let go ! jacob do not let up . in a instant he son explode into a gelatinous form , constantly undulate and change shape . within its translucent mass a new body be form . jacob stare at it with grow terror . it be himself . a terrible perplexity fill jacob 's eye as he struggle to dig in and destroy he own image . he recoil as he own voice call out to he . voice who the Hell do you think you be fight ? the word shock he and for the first time , he let go . instantly the image disappear and the jelly - like mass dissolves into a oily liquid rapidly encircle he foot . jacob look down at the shallow pool spread out beneath he . its surface reflect a smoky , unearthly light . jacob gaze into the darkness . he be all alone . the quiet overwhelm he . the only sound be he own breath . he look around , in all direction , but can see nothing . the camera hold on he as he stand wait for the next assault , but nothing come . he be leave only with he anticipation and with hinself . he stare at the terrible darkness . a subtle phospheresence begin to glow in the liquid beneath jacob 's foot . he step away from it , but it follow he movement . suddenly , as if by spontaneous combustion , it burst into flame . jacob scream and try to run but the flame move with he , lap at he leg . he can not escape they . as far and as fast as he run the fire be with he . he yell and cry and scream as the fire eat at he lower limb . he fall and jump back up again , he hand char . his eye grow wild . jacob oh God , help I . instantly the flame roar and engulf he . it be total conflagration . jacob 's skin blister and turn black . his flesh crackle . writhing in pain he run through the flame but can find no freedom from he suffer . all at once jacob stop run . he throw he hand up into the burn air and stand motionless , in absolute agony . it be a gesture of total submission and surrender to force beyond himself . his flesh bubbles and char but something be suddenly quiet inside he . through the flame jacob 's dark form can be see as it slowly sit down , like a Buddhist monk , in the midst of the holocaust . he appear a figure of sudden nobility as the flame annihilate he . gradually the fire die . jacob 's body , he flesh like a char and brittle shell , sit motionless , beyond pain . a orange glow from the ember of he body slowly fade , leave he in the final darkness . the screen stay dark for as long as possible . then , slowly , a eerie light appear in a unfamiliar sky . it backlight jacob , revealing he silhouette . the camera dolly slowly toward he . it approach the burn and unrecognizable remain of jacob 's face . it be the face of death . the camera hold on the image . suddenly , with shocking impact , jacob 's eye move . within the crumble shell of a body something be still alive , still conscious . the eye survey the darkness and the first stirring of a new light . it be dawn . jacob 's dark remain be suffuse by a preternatural glow . slowly , huge orb begin to appear on the horizon . jacob 's eye open to the grow light as they seek out the familiar in the still dark lansdcape . gradually the orb begin they ascent like a thousand sun rise at the same time . jacob 's eye widen as he new world stand reveal . he be sit in a garden of light , the rousseau paradise he have visit once before . a sudden burst of light fill the sky directly overhead . the vegetation around he be instantly illuminate with its soft glow . like a gentle breeze michael descend from the light and stand radiant before jacob . he smile and the air itself seem to brighten . michael quietly approach jacob 's body . michael I be with you , Jacob . jacob stare at he through dark eye with a mixture of awe and disbelief . michael ( speak with a gentle compassion ) it 's all right now . it 's over . you have win . you be here . ( jacob stare at he questioningly . michael reach out he hand ) trust I . softly michael place he hand on top of jacob 's head and begin to peel at the char flesh . layer by layer he strip it away . then , with a unexpected gesture , he rip away a whole section with one quick pull . a blaze of light burst through the gape hole in jacob 's head and beam into the air around they . it be a astounding sight . michael come on . do not make I do it all . ( he eye sparkle ) stand up . ( jacob 's eye be burst - ing with wonder ) you can do it . slowly jacob begin to stir . he move feebly at first , like a old man . his black flesh creak and crack and through each sudden fissure another beam of light blast out with laserlike intensity . michael stop hobbling . you flesh can not hold you anymore . jacob nod in response and take a huge , gigantic breath . his lung expand and suddenly all the old flesh burst from he body as a radiant be of light break through beneath it . jacob stand transfigure , fill with he own luminosity . his face be like a child 's as he stare in amazement at he own hand , glow with light . michael direct jacob 's vision to the sunrise . it be majestic , almost biblical in its grandeur . great ray of light penetrate vast cloud formation and descend into the garden . slowly the cloud , as if orchestrate by some higher power , begin to part . a massive light complex emerge from behind they . jacob watch , awestruck , as the celestial stairway stand reveal . it reach down from unknown height , radiating a infinite power and grace . it touch down far in the distance , hover over many acre of the garden . jacob 's eye be fill with its splendor . michael look at he and nod . michael go on , Jacob . it have come for you . jacob can not speak . his eye be fix on the stairway dazzle he from afar . he can see angelic form move up and down it . suddenly , as if transport by light itself , he feel himself float up into the air . he look down upon eden sparkling below he . his mouth be wide open as he soar above it . the light pulsate from the stairway be brilliant and thrill . jacob 's own inner light intensify as he approach it . the stairway grow increasingly wondrous as we draw nearer . it pull jacob toward it . stream of angel enter the stairway like a fast flow river . it carry they instantly within its current up beyond the visible reach of the glitter sky . billow cloud glow in a parade of color and the starry heaven seem to part as the stairway reach beyond all know dimension . jacob stare at the light that be about to absorb he . it be a moment of total euphoria . he surge into the stream as the brilliant light of the stairway overwhelm the screen . slowly the brightness of the screen condense into a smaller light source . a overhead surgical lamp remain stubbornly in view . int . vietnam field hospital - day a doctor lean he head in front of the lamp and remove he mask . his expression be somber . he shake he head . his word be simple and final . doctor he 's go . CUT to jacob singer lie on a operate table in a large army field tent in viet nam . the doctor step away . a nurse rudely pull a green sheet up over he head . the doctor turn to one of the aide and throw up he hand in defeat . two orderlies wheel jacob 's body past row of other doctor and nurse fight to save life . a young vietnamese boy pull back a screen door to let they out of the tent . it be a bright , fresh morning . the sun be rise . the end