sade hy com essterhas May 1 , l894 i. fade ime the screen be completely dark for a lcag beat ... and then we hear the thunderous roar of franz liaet 's '' wingarean rrapsody .* and then we padi quick cut -~ vary feat , aplit-sescend : the blade of = short , carve , bona-handlad dagon hatehet ... the bladé twice the aisu of a tazcz ddlada ... chope data flesh . the titlas , .. white lettera over # black screen ... begin . frahz liect 's " sungartam reapsody " continue . quick CUT -- the blade of the hatehec chopping into = stand knee . blosd . title and music continua . quick CUT -- the bliede chop into & etanding thigh . title and music continue , quick CUT -- we see more now ... a steam , black zarbla room ..- # stand man wear only black bikini sbort another chop of tha hatchet into he grain ... aad th ktovauniow noapsony :... wasy loud title cortinve . quicn CUT -- long than the othere : tha blade of the berchat chopping ... again ... and again ... and again ... $ dlo the man 's groin.. , dato the black bikini penty . , .. be he writhas , . wa caver see the bacd beldiog che hatebet ... asly the hatchet , as it lias . title contique . qgick CUT -- long chan the othera ; the batcher rise gn the aie ... the ketehet '' hep ee the man 's neck ... dato the dugelar. , , bloed buxet ..- explcdsa .-. cascaden , .. and ae the music climate ... wa pull back and sae the map against the black marble wall . hia banda be chain the the wall by two hig brass ring . int . the palace of fine art - gan francisco the orchestra , bieck -tie , large , formal , playe " where or moen . " ie 'e the city 's " sliack and White Ball . * hundred of couple dance . wear tux and cewne . beautiful pecpla , very upscsle . {cont inted} +. continued : we gwirl among the dance couple , focuaing , gradually , or oma . matt gavin io 38 . tml3 , build , be py . there io a ais of in -held strength about he . hig wife , katrina gavin , " trina " to ber friend , ie 35 , a woman of grace and atyle -. a absolutely beautiful and sexy woman -- but the de exuality that de soft , that sever sesut . they wmile as chey dance , i00 aing gc @5gh groat , matt tleeking at ber} tror ( ateer a beater emilee ) raully ? matt ( node : apiy ) feeyb you suouad cancel you Houston tip . trina family ) Ace you geiag to cancel you trial ? matt tha guy 'o po to jail for 30 yeabr , trina I peobebly desccewm 30 yoare . jeba amilaa} yeu always defend the guilty . that 'a what exeire you , ee look at she , matt you excite mar . tk {emilus ) } laer . all lawyer be iiarea , you heer . hate ( grina ) oh yeah ? what about sbkrink ? tr {emilas ) gh , shrink , we be vary good , we ear even fool the lawyer , ( continued } 3 . continued : they look at aach other a beat , daad , wail -- asd aman be suddeniy atandiag nett the tham , cut in . david corelli be 37 -- dark , inkenss . he always cazry the smell of the atreet about he . be ia the distsict attoraay of tha City of Sun franciaco , pavid excurea I . 1 like this song , they lock at he , emiila , trina $ 6 dof , hatt I hata dt . trina then yeu sbtylde‘t dasce co ie . and she atect to dance with David os Matt atepa agide , watch they , and grin , trina igoutinue ) trat war midcle , pavid yeub , T koow . T could not atop myself . you jook so fuckin 's gorgacue , trina flaughe ) stop it . david you mud my whola idde , I can 's evod tall you you leek fuckin '' gorgeque ? trina teniy } I do not ruin you whole jifa . david tenile ) yes you do , trina look uct bin} you be sepedesm , dervid be pull she closer and sing spftly into she amr -- ( continted ) continged pavid we look at each other in the wace wey shen -- but I can not femenber where ++ of == when -- matt ( euddenly tharal i cas , thay look at big and smile a beat ag Matt start to dance away with she , matt ( gontdnt ; +o David , grin ) tiva get a good memory . aad he afd trina dacce awey ag favid jueft stand there watch then with a anil . but the smile be fragile and force , david ( to Matt ) segdanait , mact , . you etii ] pie not 5 . mae wile ke geme mow ae by vetch thee , and 2 man de a usher 's wiifor come yp to David and saya sonethe inte he ear that we can not beer . David lock a¢ ain . iat , a cloakrgom - the falace of fine art - night bavid be os the phoae - david fetunn ) ag ? re licstena = be - davi > ocomtinue ; : on. phone} testa. fa beat ) whe 's on 7 t cr pe listen ) no , 2°11 be right thera , a beat , and he batga up , stand there , stare . 5 . int . tee palace of fine art + niget ae be fe on sis way owt , hurry -- mate acd trina see hatt igrin ) tou dos / e have to liave . haybo tld let yeu dance with bar @ t like condescending , you kage , he just look af they , tm a daze . trina ate you a 1 ] rigkt ? dayio Kyle kadford 's dead . trina tuhoer ) God , I fuse see hin , baavid ( dare ) you do ? crlra I be on the board of the deyoung . matt what the bell happen ? he leoke mte mere & bett . thew at she , ahekne he hand @iljghtly and . still leck dase , heada away . ext . a house in pacific height «© night David gate out of bis car , still wear Kia tux -- the va. bv a eoedi bh . we eee iocw of police care oucside , they cherries still spintiag , neighberm be bebind police liow ucxosa tha ata]l strest . PAT callendar come up the David as soon be be ate biz . he i in he dete 20' -- a yuppie glgar , = walk armand ad , ie work for David ; he 's a asaierant District attormay . callendar ic 's @ freek abew , David , Charlie Manson must have get out . pavip hedia ? ( cont inced ) contisted rt callendar not yet , but you bether duck , the ehit 's gonna Zly , bavid weis dm charge ? calendar hargrove , navin warre fuck , iit . kyle medford ' boush - pacific esight@ - night ie ls beautifully dene -- wide patio cverlook tha eity and the bay . the art throughout the house ie ageieun -- srusa , expensive . David and fat callender walk in -- wa ame lote#e of copa , flash from camerss go off . faren beller , 32 . a howicide detective , pretty end tough . a@aa David , come up to biz . heller bludgeon with a hatchet . thirty - two separate cut , acatly im the area of the groin -- two rarr the jugular . we be gquessiag time a@ damehk abenk four hae a somebody get freazied . david whe 's on it with yout heller waexka. , hargrove j# in charge . david ioknow . ballelujab . cts bead toward che bathroom where most of the pee callendar stot ais . callengar it 's a slaughterhouse io there . David leoka at bim '' beat , and than heade towards rhe bathroom with callandar and meller . he etop dead whe ha get inzide and we gee what ba feori { continued ) continued '' eyle medpoad , a man in bis late 50' , weatdag only shred bikini panty , da chain stand to tha ws2l by two big brass vioge . he ia cover in blood , a be one of the black warble walle . David atere , bor fargrave . ts bie late d 6 / a. ag lieiteanane . = paliod executive type wear a vary good suit . look be David . hargrove wheat brisg you , Mr. frosacutor ? payin tefvear a beac ) you be my favorit police executive , Lieutenant , I haard you be in charge , that 's why I be bere . they leok af wach ofher a baat . david ( eontisuing ; to another cop } wnat che fuck area that ! toe vup bet addswmegd de fetey vaske -- '' = bomlcide cop , in bis 50 ailver - hadce wi a dycktail haircut . he locke like se could be either a cop or & Bob guy . vasko thay be African slave rince -- the weal ching , antique . ne bed ‘em boleed jate thu wall . David isok be the scese a long beat , then -- david tee wanker waat ' va you get ? fargrove not tuch , we be atit ] put it together , I / 11l kava & repost on you depk -- david ito hargrove} I didm 'o ask you . eargrove fem im charge . ( continved ) '. continued : david {easually } I 'o in akarge . ito vasko} what xva you gorr vasko glance at rargreve® @ fsscos vith & bidcdan seile , fhen -+ vaseo kee thet little goodie there ? we wae tha earvad , ahore -hindtad tagen hatohak iso plastic bag . vaseko ( eontisulng ) itte some kiod of African batebetc -+ bone bandle , beautiful cracus ban sip . ba point to another plastic bag +- dneide ie 's oulti - color weeden mask . vaskg ( centioue } a fertdlity maak , the may say he cellact " they . she find bin chain wp in kere , drain , aod wearing it . she bed the afternoon cig . she com in the music 's blast , b all ecarecrow wp eyeing . tee wall , bargrove we have get printa on tke hatchet and the mask . Day ( paiioa ) we do ? wask + weve goo smudge . I be ira we 'te gonna be able to gee I pedo . David give bargeeve 4 look , ehen -- dayio ‘to kargrove} T want petey and reller to stay on ( continged ) a. continued bargrove we sake that decision , the prosecutor 's 's offia dosan nor . davta { kard ) = waid I want they om itl you saar maz ? T wane everything release through my office -- harghove lemiiew ) Z forget . next year 's a slectisn year , ie n’¢ it ? David look at he '' beat , like he could rill he . then be settlea '' + david i¢alm ) lieten to mar , eargreve . Kyle medford be a institutieg in thie town . he make cyril} magaia look like a piker . if we do not clean rhea ova up fase , we be all genne burn . David locke at bim '' beat , thep turn the bead ont . dafid icontinuigg ; 's aro} até you dupe mar on everything . the giaaceg at bargrtva ) rverything . ha start cut cf the house with Pat callendar , david ( comtinus ? the pac ) talk to the Chief 's office . get averybedy on cvestin . tum sedie 's go to tura this ioto pe three -ring , X -rate gatgbansg , aa they go out the door , David seas callendar emile . david oconedoue ) woet be you spiling about ? { ( cdntinted ) 10 . continued callendar ( snile ) i'm net . be try to wipe the mile off -' David give kis 5 iveh . callendar feostisugeg ) well , oext year 1 p a election you . david jemdien ) ia itt int . a porsche - BAY en it drive up to the departure area at the Ban francdaco Airport . mact gavin be bebind the wheel -- tring site next to he , ait I 'li pise you . trina {emilee} no you will not . matt temile ) yeu twill , 1 always misa you whan you be go . they get out of the car . '' # see the dlack perecha hes a black mabber heod cover over the engine . fxt . tee forsche re step to the trunk . get she bag , we sem that the a wiodew ara tinted black . tart fomile } ara you go to work hard while I be goae ? matt ( enilea ) < giwey work bard when you be go . I be a bard worker . ( continted ) 1 . continted 's ha closas the trunk . trima ( spile ) sublimation , mayba , she bag to tha curb , put i¢ down , signal a matt uh-ub . rage . ( ee emlher ) the porter be there . matt neontizulag ) first claap to hovuaton , please , trina tdeadpan ) why be you angry ? a! ( amt lea} sucause you 'zs go aut of toro . be ki. a hee qui¢kly , softiy om the lip toward the pozecha . she watch bin face @xpressicnleas . and then ebe turn towards the porter and ner dag , porter here you be , can ’sx . she be atariog at a bundle of a tha ground . & hanner headlfne gaye mdadersto werdett socialite bautally $ lain .* poater neontinue ) ma ' a ? apd eke cusue wuddvoly ty ube Fortier : ievkiag simesc startle , int . the porsche - pay we Matt gun df through traffic . ee bit the phone bubton , 'elk om tha apaakar . ( cont ited ) ja . continued ; woman ( 7.6 , ) me. corelli 's office . matt ike 's hatt , Sandy . woman ( ¥.6 . ) {too ¢riendly ) bi. matt ( emile ) m as {a beat ) Za he in ? womam [ ¥.0 . ) {after a beat ; anddanily cold ) sure. {a baat} weld on . ar beat -- as be waite -- he drive like a tracer , evtting dn and mut ++ he like the edge . david ( ¥.0 . } what the fuck do vou go ? matt I juet take trina to the airport . to wank to boy yet lunch . bavip {¥ .0 . ) I be have valium for lunch . Yau eed the papere ? matt ( wr dust hey , {t / a the cage you have beep dream absut . it '1 } put yeur ambitious ginny ass int City Hall . yeu be ge to be the new Joe alioke . this town goss down on ibalian Mayors . david ( '' - 0 . ) you ’ra nut to let trina out of town ge much . theat startles Matt of best , and then be seta bis weile beech , ( continged ) ii . continued : batt ( oodle ) well , when we ges divorced , maybe yeu can marry she . int . prosecutor's office ~ dae David ig om the phonon . 2 long beat -= we can tell charg joet jine sex stastled he . matt [ 7.8.1 do you hear ast david {efter a beat ) yeah , I hear you . ( a beat ) zt de o't take sloppy eevvod . you do . his amile 4a strain , matt ( ¥.5.1 she anid you be a texrible dover . she enid she be ... unaffected . David force the exile , but wa can sam be Le stung , david be sd , ole pewnei ue pow lamid ego . batt ( v.04 ) she tell I that 's why she choss not . david she ¢hoat you beceuss you >elong to che bohemian Club . I be just a ambitious giany . hatt ( ¥.0 . ) won pdmit thats david ( omilamy fuck you . nest I at four , il kick you ass , be hanga vp . sandy , he pecratary , coova into tbe office ee be site there , lose io bie thenghte . she be a very atbractive blonde {= har 20' . ( contioted ) 14 . contiinwios sandy they noe ready , ke. coralli . a beak , and he nod . tnt . a conperense rooh - day ta the room , sit around tha big table , be lt , hargrové , patey vasko , Karen heller , fat calianday -+ and two other detective , jone and locklin . David walk in . daviip have we get anything on the reduce ? bakgrove smudess . the pbi ie geill run thes , jone we have go eham down the l.r , , coe , they have get & ccoputer down thar , I think it 's better than the burtau ! s. davio any other physical ? bute we find a single atrand of rad baic -- eight inch leng «- en tke floor of tha bathrona near the bedy . locklin fealin asy d 4 ’8 off a wig , : david thar 's it ? that 's all we know ? wargrove we ala know thee syla nedferd be rretty buch break , he divest in toreign currency . thres year ago he joat seven million dollar on the yen . yasko that 's what he get for betting tha yeo . y stick to the niner . {cont thud ) 1s. continued : they give bim @ look . wargrove ta the last to yeare , he 's ade five tripe to geneva . ha stay averpight . soma hash the pene day each tine , david swine bank . '' aseo meyte , david tohat 'a i: ? callendar omit atty there ig something slsza . hargrove teta rot relevent to the investigatios , calubnear you can not say +~ hargrove at this point there be no indication that it 'ot relavant to the iowveat cpertoan . a long beat . vvreko we find a roll of film fot hadford 's safe , bayis 807 & beat , and Pat callender Sands biz a manila folder . callendar so chack it out , David . be bund hin a folder , a beat , and David copane it . we gue glossiae -+ a beautiful , young , dark - haire woman rioy kind of sex with a silver - haire man in hia u0n . David searea . ( continued ) 36 . continged id ( ataze ) chriet , sargagve to tell yau ie 'e net relavane - a beat asd , eti1l atan , David lock at then . david what waa ryle nadferd deing with thiat vreko fiook at hargrove ) well , T quee fhat 's a ... relevage ... question . hargsove lesk at nim = beat . than away . avid lesk at the glosey , look at the derk + haire young woman . david {to vyauxo} find she , bargact we dent know anything sbout ber , yasro we know on thing . {a beat } fhe n'e # net a oun , David looke at bim and smile . ext . the sal quteide the dulphin club - day we man two mon sviewiog beard threvgh the < otd wet outeide the club . ae we get closer , wa see that they be David and mace , they swim hard , next the each ober , towards a finish line . and then , scddanly , Matt spurt abead anc wina . davie stop in the water , lookw at bit like be could lhis , mett gé¢8 thé look and laugh . UT . the dolprin clva - the zamwa - day they ere alcow , take in the thick steam . they talk quietly . ( continged ) i?. cuntinged ( matt you be kid wa , david iowiah for wer - . {a beat be smiian ) I 's pretty well bung for a old guy . att what ara you ge the do about it ? david ie sge he soporrow , matt ( atte ; a beat ) ra ean turr you inta thoadkill . davtd I vm pot say I ‘o go to let de come out . mate look at he and euilea alowly . matt you ’ra go the jet it get you he endorsanent . . david {efter a beat : snile ) tem sot minglag far anything . a Long beat . Matt lock at bia , and then lias down . matt = ful , peisen , yous team cage can blow you brain oué , David look at he a beat , then lean up againer the wali . david what 's # 11 thia divorte sturi ? thay don ’c look at each other . watt ohe a che mmiiaal towaa just yinkiog you chain . ( continued ) if . comtinved ? daytd ( after a beat } tou guy okay ? et ( ageer a beat ) yeub , watt fine , & beat , and than Matt jock at bis , matt ( fonriasuiny ? po n'e look so dieappeiate . as beat , apd then mett etarca to laugh . 4 beat , as David watch bis . david you be much # cyni¢sl aonefabiech , Matt tock at he and smile . waatt that 's why we be ciwude - int . a auditorium '' houston + night thare ara bundrad of people in the room , forporate auita . kh tweedy . middis -ace han atand at the micrepbona . trine site on a chair behiod he . she wonse a simple buy vary fecinine dross and a single stzend of pearl . man Dr. gavin ie a clinical peyebwteylat whe aproialiae da the chusea of workplace viplence and paychopathic behavior . her finding bave be publish ip the parverd Review of pavehiatry . ladder and gentleman , Dr. Katrina gavin . she gata up tc afflause , ent , the auditoriuh '' later mode ac thé epagker 's pedius . she wear reaediag as , look etaclarly . {continted } 1 % . continued : trima T conclude that tha peogis who acte -+ pecple who madjia dismiss as be in many ~~ & than you and they ara so loager abla to contrel they urge¢ . they disaseociate themselven from they own action , often aven exparience what I tetm a hysturical blindness , they be blind to tha darkness within thensalvea , tnt . a xotel room - houston - hight zr : mar aite in the di a , a cigarette in har hand , a a «ff seeteh mens the bee , leexteg ous 2 viedew of the houatén akylina . a leng beat , and ahe pick up che phone . she dial , phone ( ¥.0 . } you have reach ehe office of Matthew gavin and ageociac . etfice bourl be ten gh . '' at che seund of the beep , = leave @ seepage . trina ( cleare ber throat ) Z theoght maybe you wear uerk late . but I guasa sot , ( a beer ) I be so tired of thase thisg , I fuel like I /m disnesnciate myself from py own action . int . katt 's law cffice + night be sit on a couch da the darkvess , listen the the machine . Ze ds bare - chest , tetith fv_a ) maybe I be approach bysterical biinégess , ( a beat } be careful , one of theese day i°1 ) iva in the a uncontrollable urge . ( a beat ) to mise you . acd the aessage and . ( owt inued ) ao . continued e a beat , and he alta there , bin face axpressiosiesg . roman ( 0,04 ) Ban ? * you even foe ] bea ? be tusee to ber , it the ths chasey tin we sis = ber presense . sie ia on the couch paxt the kin , mk be Sandy , the pratty blonde secretary fiom David 's offica , ws ds matt nenile ) tea not wy fault she work too dard , sakdy faftez a baat ) you just do mot give a ahit , do yuu ? mate acve towarcs she . m4att ( quietly ) bey -- do not get carry away . I love my wifa . sanpy sure you do . he move atop she on the couch . int . the HOTEL 200m - houston trina site in the dark socom at the window , stare out , sncoke . ext . the state house - SACRAMENTO + day ae David walk in . he carry a briefcase . ea lock nervous . a secretary soweee up to bin secretary Governor Edwards will sea you gow . a. tst . governor eowlpdp ' inner office - day governor lem koward de a silver - halre want in bis 65' , a big , rewbone man -+ the same fan we see in the glossy photograph have sex with ehe young , dark - haire woman , ne sit nind bis desk , ' Te da in hia shirt - sleeve ; bie eda Le loose . stead meer dim ag bis aduintavrative aeten , 2 tbe barrett -- in bia 40' «+ waering a simple dark suit . David walk in with he briefcase . governor edward David -- it 's go to per you «= ( he look at merrett ? I always like eing we rise young stare , if they ’rze plott beadachea for my incumbent friend . they shake bande , datie ( grist T be not man fer anythiog , Governor . governor edward ( amile ) seah , I know , nene of ua aver do . wa just allow chs party faithful to draze ws . you know gy a.a. , ba3i sesseye ? David and Barrett ehake banda . governor edward ( dent inue ) sit dewn , David . ee gete up from behind he deak . governor Zdward ( uontinudag ) 7 do not xnow bow the bell I can relp you with ryle -- the peer bagtard , I like bis , ( be looke at bis weeck ) I have get a budget meeting im ten minute , the dama republicass etiil think they be play fattycake with peukuejian . ( continue ) 2a. continued : david ( after a baat } I be keog to gee you elooe , wir . govesaw steward lyehe at blow bett , eaeo -- covernor edward I have goe not ascrete from bdl ? +- he not only kncwa where the bodly be bury , we bury ai. of an himself . ha grin . David and Barrett take mte @ach other , baxrett smile , bavia ( after a beat} Z+d uike to ash you ectethiang . eir . Governor e¢warde losk at hia watch again . governor eoward show mar . quickly . a beat , and David unsnap bis briefcase and hand bit a manila foldec . a bear , and theo tha Governor take the folder , opan it , le ke af the gicssy of himpelf with the young , dark - haire woraq . than be loska at David '' Teng baat . ais face to expressionless . and then be emtle . governca edward ( eentioudagr to barrast ) push the fuck budget mest back @ half - bous , Barrett lock at bis . surprised . governor edward ocomtiaue ? : look at david} tid tike tx he alone wit savid .- ( he look at sarrekt} sith the distinguished Mr. cormiii , please . Bill Barrett give David '' leck , and then leay : gavernor edwardes ture away from David , strete lock of ut @ window . ( conte ) a3 . continged ; goverhor edward ( sontinue ) whare do you ger sheua ? datin ( afeor 2 cant ) kyit mecrorg "s eat . governor edward ( qelecly ) thy scnofebite , tha niverable , cockesucke senofa.c . be ig still ioekirg out the wlodow , then turn to David . governor edwaris neontigue ) who koow about they ? david a couple of my people , the investigate officer . they save they eye ct each other . governor fdwaaar and yout . o£ ceurse . the distizguisy -+ and apbitious -- my , corelli . DaVID daftex a beat ) and I . thay bave theiz wyex on seach other , guvernor Edwards etep closer the he , a bett , and theo quietly -- governor edward if you drac I foto this business ... David -- if my nase avan show ? up of the periphery of this , .. bavid -- ( ae emile ) yeu satter get the fuck aug of the stace of California . because you be gedeg the beve ee cuck of of future kere ag Jerry Brown . sip emila if go mow -- he and cavid look at wach ocher & long beat . Davio whe 's 's jarry beownt ( comtinted ! at. continued : & long beat , as Governor Edwards looka at bis , and then wailen . governor edward would nor i¢ be fust @ goddam au@ul shave . davld -= 17 en hedey tittle pussy and a thizbleful of oper -+ affect the futura of this great 's oe ? David lock at he = beat , then noda slightly a chey ieok at each cthar , david one questiecn , govasuor . off the tecerd . they look at each ckhar ; Governor Edwards acd once . david ( continue ) be he blackmailiag you ? a leng beat as Governor edwardes look at he -- aad thon -- governor edkard ( quiacly ) T do not get bleacksaile , hr. cormlid , xk de tha fuck : I paver gee fuck , David inck at hin a beat , the door suddenly open . Bill barratt ia there . he give David a icy look , david ( gete up ) thank you , Governor . governor edward anytime , David , I enjoy aiepeor advice ... t6 that who listen . David reach for tha manila folder -+ govarnat Edwards put ade bend on it . governor edward teastdoudag ) you have get other copy , 2 presuze ? a beat , and David code , govertor Zéward atl ? bas bis band on the fil , ( cowrint ) 25 . compinued qovernok edward ocontdnne ) tnen I '1 ) just bold on to this , ba and David look at aach other . int , the district attorney' opfice - afternoon David walka in ++ he look disturb . ae go by Sandy , oie secretary , on the way inte he daner office , pavt no emlla . sandy datective vyasko 'a in therm . Sea walk in , patey vasko iu thera , whiting . as acon moe vavid weaker 45 -- verro pute @ floesy blog soct on cae esx . it dm & yyoungsz phctograph ef the dark - haire worm wea waw in the photo with Governor Edwards . vrek she 'a aeventesn here . I have to get ittea tha divendla file fa gat to david fgrdna ) how do you de thas ? varro T didet - you koow it 's tliegel to do that ( a bear ) patrice jacinto «+ 21 , dancer . she 's in a bit part im " caccusel * at the act . one prior . exe arrast =- policite , when she waa @ jjvvenile . david have we talk to she ? aan she 'a in l.a , Zor a tryout . er bank eccount show thrae $ 10,060 depomite in the part aix month , ( continued ! as. continued : savio ( after a beat ; mile } thec 's «a lot of money for a haisy Little pusey and a thimbleful of sv4te . vaseo ( slequete ) you mure 'ya bean in eactanentc . david ( wedom ) why ? wrieo ( gring ) they talk able like that up there , we make the exudge on the hatchet bandta , but we could ant print the one oh the mask . davig tall mar thay match we dancer , vaerkc they do not t . but wa gor lucky . it come off a arrest 4 m palo Alta in 1980 . some kind of animal rights protest ac Stanford . no charge avar file , but that LA. computer hald the print . he put a mog shot down on the table . David freezan . it ies 2 vary yeang Katrina . vase ( gontinue } aime featrine manveil . wass try to lecate hez through the Stanford people . david latter a long beat ) thanks . let mar know . he stare at she mog abot of Katrina , vaso you okey ? mavia insk at bit . faeren + smile . {continted } a7 . continged | david yeah . good work . vasko T try the akey out af racramant wyeeht . xuey yoo tmany acure in the wearer up thera . fersorally , I think it 's halathicn , awd be go cut , a beat , and David turos back the the mug anot cf Katrina , pick it up , and stare at at -- almest a€ if kyonotize . int . david be bxw - night I drive through big iron gate biliside to a bagnificent ast adgbt= of the bay below . dsive dn front of the heuse . 2 , we ame a black porsche , a white porsch , a katee 600 . and a ferreri , the black porsche have a rubber hood cover ovet tha engine . da belvedere ... up & tha teinkie leng , circular ma get out , heade up the long stairway to the front dock . ea use the antique gorgen knocker . a English butler , middle - age , opena the door . sotler Mr. Corell : , esw nice po saa you , adr . be yew sxpactad ? da¥id no. ts mra. gavin in ? butler I be eavrry , mra. gavin ia not. sir . but Mr. gavin 's here -- matt ( 6.5.} ( rem ingidel that you , David ? ne come to pha door . wete wesring a fuike robe , alisper . ea lock at David . att ( grina ) what ' 's up ? dav well ... somethin’ , they look at each other . ze . if , matt ' 3 dem - wige T tt de banytifoily fuccish ; we mee «© Picasso on the wall . we see dozen of ornately frame photograph of Matt and Katrina «+ aall , play centhia , laugh , mate sit , watch David , who bas a drink in he band ize fe look cut a bey window at the twinkle light slow , matt Sat dav ia : ( after @ beat ) what de you maan aco ? mat ? so ake tell you she no see hia that day . she say somethiag about a cew hatiogs , dida*t sha ? you hear she . David take a few mstepg in the room , sana a frane photograph on & ghelf , it show tha th : of thas st stanferd graduation -- Katrina be in the niddla , she bam srcusd eth mert and savid , bavid laek at the photegraph a long beat . david Zar print be on the batch . matt so -- abe probably lotx a6 bis stuff while she wes yp there , devid seyr nethiog , srarep at the photegraph ef the thraw of eben , at ( eontdnuings my little cool } what be you sey ... exactly ? david I have get the calk to bar . he erill bas not look at matt. matt Fine . talk to she . she 's ? ] be back from Houston tomorrow . now David turn to mart. ( comttrued 43 . continged drvie ofticially , they look at each other a leng beat . Matt abakew kia head . matt you can not think ... ha late it trail ; David saya nothing . they look at each other . xatt feantineiags tyetly , iotensaly ) come on , David . you know baer . you know hay ap well mar I do . davip I know ber a loag time ago . ' matt ( hard ) you ware in Love with she , for chvier 's om youte tii ? in love with she -= payid thard ) bullshit . it war 's tong time ago +e matt {hard } you think ebée could take a fuck hatchet to somebody and slice thes up like a Sunday roeet ? cive fe & funking hreak . davia . te‘ trine tavid look at the photegeaph of the thrae of then agein , curnoe away from mat . david you ars right . he turu# back to Matt . bayid ( conkinue } but I 'va get to talk to she . matt ( everly } x'1l bring bez 3a temorrew normdog . ( contintze ) 30 . cowrmm : . davie tee 's my job . he atartze out . david foontinouing ) tell ber . ie 'se wy fob . matt you want mar the pot in a good word with she far yeu , David -- da chee at ? David lesk ak Matt , eeen the sarcastic grin . ha ture away , start out again . matt ( continudoy ) what happen in sacranuto ? dayid faftcver a beat ) nothing , 1°21 see you tomorrow . he starte we again , matt you get bis endorsement , huh ? David turn back , sama the killer grin again . hatt teoatinuiag ? congratulation , paise . Matt grina ; David turn , leave . ext , the gavln house in belyecere - niget David walk back to he cer and , ag be da about to gee din , stop and stere for @ loog moment at the twink ] iog aight on the bay , lose in bis thoughta . a bett , apd the pager 4 bis bale o8e orr . int . matt 's den - niget Matt stand by the window , the rece dark now , watehing david.. , ag de goce int bia bey , al . 2y ? _ 4 hone on the manhas - nicer it everlooke tha yack ! cleb -- ff fa tworstery -- @ little jewel jamme very clese to bouge on either sid . ag David get out of bia bhm , petey yasko ig wait for he cutaid . we eae other unmark police car around . they walk towards the louse , vaseo medford 's have the place for two year . sie izvastment company lease it , I have get teller talk to the ueighbor . int . tre house wi P. ee other plaincisther cfficera around , sparching the a , cake pactogtepas . tha place le tasteful , do ixpeccably in the sante fa ecyle .. there be se¢exney print on the walle . David look around . vasko {grinal I will bet you just can not weit to 400 tha bedroo . ont . fhe delroon they walk in ~- there ere ocher poiicatan bere , search . a califergia king water bed {ue in the middle ef tha room , '' mirrer above 44 , om the headbeard . meunt to the wood . ara two handenuFfa . taaako the guy have style , 1°21 give hin that , the euffa be sterling salvar , tifzany 's . David look at it . see & bunch of object that have be gut on & counter and tag . waseo ( contdiaue ) toya tor the playpen . he pick wome of then up as he talk , lock at label . {continved ) cortinded : a . vasko leontinue ? " daep - seat massage oil , delay spray " '' + {he pick up a ben , ceed devel} *o barmeny pillew . , thig pillow allova deaper panstrakion >y positioning both partner moat advantageously . it raise the yamale kip , facilitare male astry . you can inflate the pilicw to vary degrase of hardoeg or softnege while enjoy tha thrill of rotary and float action . " plus you ether baaie ratcle and boy teya , I touch scus whipa , ~ibemtoss -- locke # 5 so carve vibrater for a beat -- shakew bie head . ha poipte to a nightstand drawer , vaseo ( cantinue ) threa craca of coke in the nightatand , pepperd , aseort child 's vitaaion -- i be quassing ecatasy . he point to a eamall refrigerator sear the well . valeo ( conting } tha fridge de empty except for crietal , beluga . end wolfgang fuck Santa pe atyle pizza . T gotta try it . T bet it '' good . pavid flookiag around ) tt 's a fuckhouse . vaso it 's sot jyat e fuckhouss , se move a painting aside at the wall near tha foct of thea bed -- and wé see a catere mount ingalde . he bit m button , the camera apring cut . uevid lookw at it . vaseq ocontinule ) be # anctuer dos lp there . ( hore ) ( contirted ) 33. contlnueor vaso ( cont ’d ) ( he Pointe to tha mirrog above the ded ) one pease the jasusel . seay 7 48 , high dafiniedon , low -light , very expensive , very hard to find . david you be right , it 's not just a fatxacuse , vvasee Te 's # venus fly -trap . voice sgt. vasko ? eellar come in . wellir {io aw flurry } the neighbor next door ++ vaseq ( grine to baller ) do you check cut thome jemeia jelie and clitersifica ? I be buink about you . I atacha heed nor revi da and welton falion wie heller {to vasko ) ti I vere you . I would rip off '' few butt plug , they be design for che perfect asshole , vasko head down tha staira , David and heller in tow , noice tyalling ! egt , vaakor vaseo ( ee heller ) what abont the oeighbor nax¢ dcor ? feller ra osver see medford bera , but be do ees wemey ossarionsily . datid could he identify they ? {continted ) uM. continued : heller I think ba take a clowar lcok than he 'o let on . bie bedscom face this one . waleo {te bavid ) lec 's go talk to bin . a plainclothes cop ukand at tha firaeplece , digging through ash , ( when he coo vanco ) look mte this . he hold it up -- ie be they videotape ++ dt leok like seta buema . vaseo ( ts seller ) you think tae lab can de anything with tnat ? heller nemile ) they can rezycle do , vasro ( diwguete ) grease int . the ecuse nelt door on the marina - night David , vasko , and heller -+ talk t¢ a old man -- justin hencerson . ha iv in bie 40' , = white - bair oira . dt weste B yscrcsdeo 's cap. : justin well , 2 naver snoep they or anythiog like that . david we kocw that , hz. hendsrsos . custin tonaver do talk to any cf they -- except for tha redsead . heller bow do you speak to ber ? {continued } 35 . comtinged '' wcs tia she park in gy spot . 2 may be get you there , but I stili avive . she put that fancy white vietle caz into my spot . hille '' what kind of caz be it ? sth tt de n‘¢ know , but it be a fancy one . she want pice absutr it , though . wice young woman , long read heist , big sunglass . dayid bow many different wosen do you eee over ebare ? oustia I do not know «« five or six maybe . ¥asro be abe one of thant he shove hendereen tha mug shot of patsice jacine , the gazk-beize woman who war with geveraox edverd . tustin yer , indeed . TI maw she , se amila#p '' 21tei5 dit , almost in fonda mepory . vasko how about chie one ? eu show Zenderson the wuy abet of trina take at stanferd . pavid saame murprige ferre vasko ia show de to hip . Henderson take & leng look at it . wus tin ( after & long baat ! she looka sort of familiar ... fa leng beat ) eee bub 2 can not way fo eve ver ber . David look at bin , int . the bnw + night tt 40 in frome of the marina house «+ David ie aterting the car up . re look disturb . {cgntinved ) continuo . as he starte it += vasko ie auddenly at the windaw . vasko you do not sey you kyew har , dayid faitez a beat ) whot vasko {emiles} Anna katsine maxweli . katrioa gavin , david yaak , I koow she . vase I know you kocw bar . I even kcow bow well you know she . i- kpey ber -- peat tecwe , tight ? . davie right . I didnt chink dt be -- vaseo v- relevant . ia beat ; be amile ) eo leve that word . p davip fatter a beat } she 's come in tomorrow . you will zead ber she righta and we will take it wherever it lende , vasko fettex = hank ) bat you do not think it will lead anyvhere , rigor ? david {after @ beat ) right . vase but you ceuld ba mistaken . you be open to the possibility , however amall , right ? davta ( efter a beat ) right . ( continued ) M. copt rire . yaaseo ( after a bese ; wmil ' t7211 get om tha lead about that tape . and he walke away . int . the baw - widht bevid dedvem -- like matt , be de = fmet driver -- be cut in and out -~ he be on Broadway , bead west . ext . divisaderd hill + night the byw cute around anothar car ant make a bard , fast right onto pivisadern at che top of the hill . ( this fa the sharpest drop 4111 in San Francisco -~ threa long block atraight dow ; -- at the bettom ig lombard . ) int . the ®x W + niget David drive +- divisadero in two lane io wach direction -= straight up abd down tha bill , thare be a gar in ftent of aim ++ he pull around it «+ ancther cur head toward oim ... be brake ... brake again ... the brake doe not work . ext . pivisadero hill - nigat the BMW swervas wildly , gain momentum a it heade downhill . int . tae bhw - niget David pusp the brake wildly without succem . ext . divisadero bill - night the car jw a crase bullat stremk down che ekf - slope like read -- be cute in and gut of car -- bite the aidewalk . imt . thy byw . ktgwt be bounce off the ajdewalk wildly , careen , try to eantrgl the whaal -- sideewipe a car . 2e. ext . divisadero bill - nogat he bounce off the other cer , which awerve and jumpe the sidewalk and crasbes into a houme . tha impact throw the bxw dnute the vpoccmiog jase . dt , the am - nigat he ewing the wheel wildly -- wa she a crunch on he side of the car -- get it back into the right lane -+ than have the swing sut again -- theye dg a car in front 2 . ext . divisaderq kill - niget a the bew bite the bottom of the hill -- literally bounce fate the alg =~ and onto lembard -+ a very bury dntersection , it ewarve wildly as it bite loobard , int . tee bew - nicat ag the car awerve afd phays craze , spina dodge 'en with car go in aither direction on lombard «+ bavid spina the wheel and tha car ie suddenly on its side . ext , lomgard avenue - niget the BMW ia on ica aide , and then completely flip , stil ] apin . int . the emw - night David ia upsida down -- the car be spin -- there ig a terrific amount of screeching , bonking ... and as the wur-apliete noise climame , wa ... fade to black . fade inn : int . a emergency room - night be ie sit on the side of = stre : cher , yroggy - doctor be there and = hturse . he hese @ bandage across hie forebaad , vasko and heller be alec there . david {groggy } what the sell harsan ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : vasko yea lose you brake , david ( grozgy ) ten wid = tvew ~ er ' yaseo zi de o’t know , maybe somebody tock vam . we see le , eargrova there for the firet tine . eaagrove we have get yeur car . they tell not it 's a feulty brake . vaso ( to bawdat wa be et4ll lock at it . eargacve ( to & dector ) dea’t tall mar he 's go the live . doctor bruiser acd costusion . he 's get a crack rib . we will bold kim a couple daya . margrove tomileat Rest up . david forget it . 2 for be cut of here . and be ptart to get dresmad , doetor it 's act smart . take my advice -+ evay she bargrove ' ere lea ke 's noc smart . he do not listen ko advice , David look at bin a beat . eat . gan tranvisc alkfor - morning trina comea cut cf the airpert , bold she bag . ( contained ) 40 . contintted Matt iu wait for ber in tha black forseke . he get out of tha car wheo he seas aer , grab ber bag . trina you do not have the pick ms up . matt ( emilee ) yar I do . triwa why ? matt you will not helieva why . trina alight smila} fou -d be #urprigsd what i‘ < believe . they get inte the car . int . th2 porsche ag they get in -= matt it 's David , trina David ? what about David ? mati he wante to talx € > you about ryle medford . ee start the car up , starta the drive , tatra what 's there to talk about ? matt fheay fount you print wo the hat¢het that kill bin . trina doss David think I kill bin ? matt I do not think ao , '' A. int . tee district attorney' conference fcom = day she alte there calmly with math taxt bo ber , arousd har axa David , yeuko , weller , Pat callandar , lt , hezgrove , and two other cop wée / have see bafore , Jones and lockiio . esller ae will be hold agaimaeet you . yeti have the right co a attorney -- matt X be here as she artormay - trina look at hatt . trina I do not need a attormey . you 'te here a¢ gy husbasd , matt to can not bea here as you husband . they look at eack other . david ito mace ) té you xte mot hese a ber actulusy , Tom yving ty lave ty ash you to leave . matt ( aftar a long beat ) to they not beliave you be do this . David . davia I be do my jeb . the smile T doe not hava to explain the law to yeu , de it katt look at bim @ beat . matt . we , you deatt , David , thay you do not bava the explain . a up , kiss trina on the cheek give David ancthar lock , and then 1 eotly , quickly , {continued} sont inter ; she emile , 42 , trina what 4id you do to yourself , David ? davee to bad a accideat , tro + bope you be # 21 right . david tm fine . the enile ) Tim vary resilient . hargrove whare do you two know each cthar fram ? taina prom ¢college . David be ... @ beau , taina ( eont owe ? to David ) that 's not godag to compromise you in this investigation , La {t ? david na , taiha geed . hargrove we will bavea eo gat a culing on that . callendar , wet gee on , tr : shall we begin ? they look at she a baat , {continted ) continue : a , david how would you charactatige you relationship with ryle medford ? troa IM oo cas ogaeg GI toe deroung missi , Kyle waa the chairmaz , he feel the deyoung too conservative in dtu acquisition progran . I support he effort to make we more active . eeller do you bave sccial contact with hin ? trina Ho . jonss you have no centact with bin ? trima T bed og gogdal contact with ain , mv busband sad for see he at vericus boring function , we move azong the sem@ pecple . , I do n‘r consider that eecial contact . callendar do you ever ae hin alone ? trina once . the day be die . he sail end want ts talk ¢o I akeur the posasibilicy cf acquire a sew iowe go out of town for a confarenca , I pay it be important that we move quickly . 7 agree to meet he at bis house . heller when do yeu go the he houset trima last sarurday afterndon . J arrive aboyt four and laft around five - thirty , he poursd mar a glass of sherry and show mar scope of hia art object . locklin be be alone ? {continved ) sonntenuep , at . trina yes . he tell oe that he have give die may the day off . seller do anyon eee yout trot I do not know . I be not & policemss . tey should {nquire . they look #t bee ao bwat . david what art objecta do he show yout trixa he skew mé a awful sesk from the camezcofa -- a fertility maak . I think , and a ritualistic hatchet that be say wes more than a hundred year old . he be proud of it . it be a crodely make ebject . jone bid you touch this object ? trina I fouched the batchet . he hatde it tome . xe hold the zark up , but io may have touch it , I do not rapenbet , vaseo do you tell riz what you think of thease object ? trina of course act , I tell he bew much T admire then . vasko ( wmilen} you lie to Big . trina of course I do . y believe in | eourtesy -- dont yout wiser ne. ( continued ) 45 . continved : tang zt sem that , thay look at she a beat . socklin woat do you do after you leave ? trima lowent home , I have to prapare fer hy Houston #onfarenca . atller Wen you bushatd at home ? trina no , he wap work at the office . tome wap anyone else at pour home -~ ataft -- 2 trina he. gur betler have the day off , too , feller do you speak to anyone on tha phone while you be heme ? pri io bed the machine of , I tell yeu . iohad to prepare for cy souferasce , ( abe snilas ) to bave no alibi unedl mbout sine @’slock == if that 's what you be king fe , I mat Watt at che biack and whites Bell , vase you husband do o‘t drive you ? rr he wae work late , it would have bean willy to have hin com from the city 211 the way to aelvedere and thea back . keller wweerea cid yout busband drag for the pali ? ( continged } 44 , continted : trina my begband keep a tux at the offize , vaerg pid you eve vinic xyle searora 's bouss of the maring -- 1278 marina drive ? he glance at note , thina I visit bim one at bie howe in pacifie Heights . i do ant koow he bad a house on the maring . david ( auddenly ) pid yyw eve m beausd celativosaipy with Kyle medford ? she locke at bin a beat . trina zi tell vou I have no agelal contact with he . I go consider sex to be a # 0 ciml contact . they hava theiz eye om each other as he spaake . trika down tioulag ? and , &@ you know , I ’o marry . ak long hast , as they jook at she again . beller do you k: 1 ] xyle medford , mre. gavin ? trina F 's with clinical payebologiet . = specialice in the ceuse and affecta of violent pakhelogical bebavise ire = heatesw . tm sect a kiciler . a beat , sa they look at she . david ¥ou do a't anrwer tha qiesticn . thay take at ach other . ccomtdaved ) 43 , contziter talia fatter @ beat ) no . I do not kill Kyle medford , they look at she a leng bast . trina ( sontinyfags directly ) fa that all , David ? bavid tatre = beat ) yar , int . tee corridor - day Matt and trina , walk down tha corrider of the building . matt it be not smart , I could have halped you in there . trina tev get anthing the hide . mati ( grime ) tea what I do , tedga . trina they be jurt play bead gamer with ge . JI do that better then you de . Mart {grins } ob yweb ? well , maybe one day 2 's 11 ree}jy surprise you . treia couiler at biz} kot a chahce - int . the conference room ~ day David , vaeke , helier , to . hargreve , jonse , loeklin , sallendar -- they ase etill sit thave . ehisk about it . ( continued } 4s. sowizarep wasio tte davia ) what do you think ? daviip ma will sea where it land . seller I think ahe do it . dayid whyt weller she 's nenipilative , chee a Control freak -- she 's get oc alib -- callendar that 's just all typieml ahrink behavior , they pull the string . they plweyg pull the string . bargroye tte davad ) she wea pull you string pprecty good . davad leak at dim . a buzzzr go off -- vasko anawer @ portable phon . vaseo yenh . ( a beat ) hold sar . he banga up . vasko ( continue ) we have get we dancer . int , the porsche - apternocon Matt drive ; trine gait naxt to biz , they rarr bead across she goldan Gate to Marin . matt {cusually ) we hed the talk the you . look -- he bed a relationsbip with you . he 's get to bend over backwards . e's dust cever he and . ( cont diver ) 43 . continued1 trika ( walle ) - do he ae® you to put on my good word with se , Matt ? w0t ( grin ) yup . that 's exactly what he do . trina ( look at he ) we be friend , be not wat éhe turne away from he , lock out tha window , she light a cigarette . matt - this thing 's gonna blow in a whole sthar crasy dfraction . trina { samuaily ) what crazy direction ? matt {casually teere 's mex in it -- sookere maybe == I do not know . that 's wheat J heer . picture . trira {fatter a beet casually ) figturaa ? hatt photegraph «= sex , powerful guy . maybe Kyle wes run acma kind of shakedown . trina whera do you hear that ? fe Ztexr a beag ) iive get my ... source . he look at har , smile , put a ara arouad ber . ( continued ) 8d. continued : watt ( ocatinue ) maybe we dowld just sort of ... bang out . phe lock at hin , = alight mudle can bee face . matt ocontinue ) ton too tiredt tr . ( amile } ket I . int . a little room - police gtation - day devd stacd at = cwetway gbcroz , watch fatrice jacinto talk the vasko , heller , Lt. hargrova , Jones , Zocklin , and Pat callandar . we can not hear what they be say . he ie a weeinto tam vary sexy young woman , dreseed on a hip , bunkieh atyte . har aeruality de ane th : you face , there da nothing refine about b complete contrast to ratrina . 4 beat , ae David watch , and then vasko comaa out of the interrogation ream mad into tha little rocm he be in . vase ( to duayid ) Zero , she do not gpow fyle medford , ib 's act bar ip the photogyaph . she dose not even the guy in the pisture _ and she wante ber lawyar , how . daytd ( aftec a beat ) get everybody out of thete . vaso tafter a beat : grina ) what be you gonnos do -+ fuck ber ? david ladter = baat ) sha 's sot my type . ( continued ) $ 1. contented : vasko mtact to head back <n the roum , David turn back of wateb she . vasro you didete have any hrare fluid . david what ? faar turing ) yeur car . you ever put brake fluid in {tr david it 's a new car . vero sue an . and be haad back into the reen , David wateh jacdnte as the other cluar out . ghe site therm , very coel . a bett , and then be goas inte the room . int , the interrogation rook - dat be welke 44 , se doer 's look vary good -- the bandage en big bead , bruise on bin face -- he move vary aetiffly , jacinto look aim over . tactnto yeu look like shik . she elmset mmile . bavin i's David corelli . I be the presecutar for che ciey of gan franciace . orc into fufter a beat waile ) congratulation . he site dowa opposite har , anilas . david you want pometbia 's to drink , hon «* you want a cigarette ? ( continued ? continued jacinto they say T could not smoke in hare . Davis cemlle ) fou can if I say you can . vaachiis iemile ) on yamy ? david nmaile ) yeah , taceint ( after a beat ) I do not smoke ... bop : bayid lat mar tell you what 's gonna happan hers , aen . jacinto T know what 's gonne happen here . ifm gonna call my lewyer . david week , you pam : yes koow whee you be genna tell dim ? you be gonha tall hin there 's a witness whe can identify you go in and onk of rvlm medford 's bouss can tha mariza , you ’se gonna twll he ifve get a buneh of nica , clear photograph of you fuck the Governor of the State of California . you ars gonna tell hin T be give that photegraphe to the papers . tou be gonne tell hin thesa photograrhe ara go to daetccy ( he @everuvr 's career : you know what 'a gence happen theo ? yeur lawyer 's gonna tell you the go fuck yourself and leave Big cut of it . he just etare et bim , dasdran . David aete up . bayid {eout{nuisy ) you know what alee ia gonna bappen ? ( cunt ineep ) 52 . continued bhe look at he , dea not sey anything . david {eentinuipg } the severnor 's ast ge the have warm and fussy feeling about you . thay lock at each other u bear , he reach into he pocket , throw wo quarter on the table . dave : ( eonthnue ) @o onil you lawyer , bon : asd he start out of ths room -- she watch he . as bs gake to tha door -- jasunt wait . int . matt and rathina 's bzdrooh - exlvedere mate in in bed , alone . ba sive ace 6 of wir a . a eheet cover bin to hie chest . laght in the roc . the curtain be only partially draw , , ba white , sip , bis face expradsicaless . kattine cope out of the bathroam , 644 weet nothing bur simple white bra and pectieo , her body ia baausiful . matt ( emiles} felic . they lock ut each other a beat . tra {shyly ! teta toe light in kere . matt {uttag a bast ) a 1ik¢ to ane . patrice jacinto she be talk , directly into the camera . she speak slowly and midarly . sacintg I meet ryle at = party at tha act . ( acre ) {contindze ) $ 4 . cont isged + vacinto ( cont * D} - ha know I be break , I offure I tea grand & pop . i’ wa fuck guy for lear . iwt . hat alt katrina's bedrogn - belvedere trine , atill stand dn ker bra and pantias , icoke at Matt da bed . we pute bis hand out -- '' beat , and sha sake it . she look shy . . matt I have miss you . fhe look at hit a long beat , than etapa the the window , alea the curtain . £ 4 watch ber . patrick jacthto sha js talklag , directly into the camera . jasthto tid go the tha marina hevse . tha guy would cote in and spand the sight , they never hkoew who I be . I say my fame wee faith . I be a piece of and . tnt . matt awd katrina's bedroom - day the curtada le close ; che room 4s dark now . trina atand at the bed wear she bra acd peatios , looxm at wate . tad ( omilon } that 's batter . matt be not you go to take thome thing off ? ghe looka at he , take ler sra off shyly . taeir «yen eat of esch other . ser bresétu aré beautiful . patrice sacint fhe ie talk , directiy into thy camera . ( comtinted ) 35 . continued : trcinto I do ft three time . two cf that creep do a't avan want I . they want one of the other gizl . ' they have fuck she before , age . int . matt and katrina 's S bedacch - dat ebea be in bed now . # 0 if above she . Ho lower ber panty . he lewecs himself the kien ber thera . she held he bead . xer eye , wida opat , ar on the ceiling . she in pasaive : ahe dardly gover . patrice cacinto she to telking , diredtly into tee camera . jacinto the fuckin’ Governor . tf xezegoize sit , jade reck bis world . ha avex went I to pur on # red wig . he want mar to wee areund . int . matt and katrina's bedrock - day Matt make love to ber ... be ia ineide har ... above she ... he move ... abe lie thezh , bardly move ... have soe bar eye ... they dre wide open ... ehe be cryiog . patrice jacinto she ia talk , directly into the camera . vaciet I de gat take it that way , jade take it amy way , jade do aaythisg , jade love it . jade eould not gat enough of it . tnt . hatt and fatrina 's bedrooh + day ae mact climax -- matt {in @ whaepec ) I love you . '' leve you ao such , ( continved ) 6 . continued '' her eye be close . she hold bia . there be tear on she face , patrich jacinto fhe it talk , dixectly into the caneza , jacinto 'wmile ) ft nevar meec she . I would like to . I be into woman moakiy . '' idike redhead . '' ghe could rock oy world , I see ber once , leave Kyle 's boune , I think it be hap ++ she bad long , red beir , she lock ... raaliy eool . and the gonaon toerss fro sig . int . d.a. be office - Day and we see that David aoc vasko have be watch jeeinto on & videotene machine . a long beat , a they sture at the row on the set , ard thes David shut it off . . vaseo rid sure like the meet she . do any broad aver reck you world aike that ? davie ( after a long beat ) no . ble proce ring . ha piok it up , davtd {eontdnuisg ) okay . tkt . the police Lam - Day thera be thras technician in the dark roc David and vaske , they stand in front of a L qn the scaeen , ww sem , blirxed , = man ond & wake in wad . maka . the film de be enlor , I the colar be very diffuse . ( continued ) . continued : tsethnictan we have get about oifte second , the year i6 tes bust . ' we see the woman from the back -- the footage hag bean shot from the fast of the bed . she ia oa top cf phe ran , straddle hin -- be sneide she . wa sea the man 's face «= h@ 4 m oriantal «= but ast ser thara be gleam adiver hendeufis hang off the headboard . the techoiciangs adjuat dieale to uake it srarper ~~ a8 thar de , we sea the woman have long , red heir . David and vaeke stare . ancterr techstciah # lo -zo. they kesp sucaing koole . he weech the woman atop ths trienteal man as ahe move ... @traddifog aim , .. bar body hesutiful , , . ser mevemanca wild , almost frenry , vasro {in awe ) she 's gonna fuck bin to dagth . aa they nove toward ¢linax , she arch she sack ... throw bas sead back ... facther ... farther ... inte wloomt & groteaqis coatertion . , , ber red pair cascade down ter dack .. , a6 s58 keape pump . pavin freeze it righk there . thay freeze ter frame -- with she head completely tilt back — she hestk aaversty avake ... hae braset completely out -¢hrusr . , thay stare , vase can you flip de vpeide-dowa ? a technicdaa sit '' buteon -- the freexe - srane _ tl ive wpeide dow ... dut we still can not g oar ancsther teceniclan magnify it . ghey keep tercing in on the face ... adjust the frame ... clofer -- closer ... and we aud¢enty see ber face . her face be sweat , ber makeup ig run ... ncontii sb , coktinged 1 but there be no doubt 1t 's ratrin . cavid stare , bin eye bug . fe look river . wasko {in a whimper ) depue . int . thr coaridor ~ police station - day David ptands at a water fountain , drinklag deeply . we Zet some of the water bit bis face . Fe straighten uy -- vasko {@ stand there , watch fasko what be you gonna do ? davio we will bring she in . varke look at bin . waseko E be sotey : ee look at vasko . david wea do not have a motive , vasko ( after a beat } I will bat you a buck wa 'il find one . David look at he & long baat , vaeke turn and waike awny . David turn to the window , daze , iost in bis thought . Te im on the sercrd floer , ovarlook a polica parking lot . ext. tse parking lot - Day lt , hargrove stasd , talk the '' man who be abent to get into m black foresh . the omr door be open . fhere ie a black rubber hood cover ovez the car 's eogine . tha car window : be tinted black . we can not see the man 's cece sor a2 bett -- acd hea op turoe . it ip bild bayretc , Governor Edwards 's administrative assistant , ( continued ; 53 . cont inted he walke in , etf11 loek tika een poleax , Sandy , hia secratesy , etop he ag ha heade lot he inner office . siitoT she call three time , fhe want to meet you at dooley 's at five o'elock . she seid it 's vary dnportest . she hanca David chree pink phout slip . be look at =. ahy0y fcontinuisg ) Governor Edwards would iike you to call hig , ( a best} and Matt gavin call . es loske up from bis phone elipa , look at sandy like she be not there . sanly ivvatsoudags look at hin ) you want sez tylenol er sousth ? a beat , aad be shake ale bead , atill lock daze . int . booley' + late afiefrhocn tt ip a bar at the St. feancia eotel . usicu Square be across the street , pleor-ta-ceiling window face tha aquar . , David adit ac a table next to a window . hae have @ ghrag a fove . wt rin . be gleuce ac = cies® ~~ eso minute aftex five . ha looke out the window . across the street , be aver patrice jacinte get out of @ cab , she wear another very bot , post - punk outfit , jaointo jaywalk actess the stra = ghe lcck carefully at traftiic and geke to David 's aide of the sidewalk . 6be stop bement , lock at hin through the window . be watch she a¢ abe walk toward the door that lead the che bar . sas look nervous - and suddenly tusre be a explosive , whoosh roar ... and we sea the roaring , flaet shape of & black porsche ... of the sidewely ... ( cont ine } bo . cont ana tee tight suteide oavid 's window ... people scream ... as it bite javinto , .. huriing she body bigh in the air.. , and it crash through oa of the big glaaa window ... inte poe bar . cheon , pacdemonium . scream , David rune wildly ... the the door of the bar ... and out inte the street . eqz . powsle btaset - gay eu see the black porache.. , do the street now ... eayghat in traffic abead .. , it desperately shift into reverse , trylog to get to the sidewalk again ... turn {mn the atreat ... andwe aee the slack rubber hoed covar on the engina . David rune towards it , , . for a moment the porsche lock like 40 be come right at bin ... the map tone bead on towards this bellecisus black sachina , ita window tinted black .. , and than 4 '' swerve onte the sidewalk and farther aiead . pavid rune after it ... by '' row of taxi ... stope , grab a cab driver eitting in a cab by the mack , pullea bim cut of thy car . cabbie teocresn ) weet ave you doin 's ? what the fuck 'a goin 's ent david ( acresn } get the fuck outt and be jump into the cab and guy it ... the black porsche i# up abead sow , on the sidewalk , roaring phead ... people leap ard dive cut of ita way . cmf . the sas - cate arresipc David gun the cab opt the midewalk , bebind dt at a diepance , .. a people jump out ef bie way . fe lay on the born ... desperate , intense , try not co hit anyone ef anything ... che cab sidesvipe a atorafroft -- the window beatter and explode cut onte the street , el . bst . powell atrset the forsehe , up abead , maken a wild tum cnoto a axall street . David 's cab maka a wild turn seblnd it . the porsche ds ¢garther ahead now . and thay be guddenly in the titela attaate not chdneboen on € warm , sunny day at rush hour , teepiog with tourist and merchant . froit aod vegetable stecde line the barrow eidewalka , and the porsch make ancther wild turn fate a very pacrow jittla street ... David have close the gap e lictlie now ... and up ab4ad , com ag towards the roracce , David sean ... of parade . . we fee majorsttes up front -~ they be lovely chinese alenestary school girlie . the poreche head etraight towards ¢hag ... closer and closer to the front row of girle ... seme of they ereart to scatter ... ranke 58 grade school kid be behind thea . . , ynt . tee cab + late afterhngon da 's ( scr bana ) hel ext . the strl '' T - late afternoon aed , be the last momect , the frorecke vesre wildly ... away from the kid ... onto '' sidevalk aguia ... the emali eporte cer baraly fite on the sidewalk between the storefront sad the park cata ... eroit mtalla eyplode ... people di rs but it gete through ... and gun abead down the aldewnlk . iht . the cab David find himself haad right for tha row of kid ... ba swarve wildly towards the aidewalk afte tha porgcha ... and realizea that ba will not fit through between the storefront end the pried cay , ee jam on the brake , and che cab come to a ecieeching stop . he vite there debind the whasl of the cab with chinase deople screen at he im chinasa and thutpiag the ear . $ 2 . int . dcoley be - higet Police arg all over the place -* beth iosdide and outside fe . the a bas bean block off , David atare at patrica jacinto 's body -- it bas land across u cable : ear head ie nearly decapitace . vreeo ( eext bo hit} bomebedy krew sha be talk to un . ee leok at vaakn , and then , behind he -- eargrove well , we do not have a talk head anyeore , David look at bin ; hargrove le lock ab jacinte 's ooy hargrove feortinue } arex 'kt you glad you convinge she to talk ? David look at ssrgrove like he sould kiil hin . rargrove ( son 's tnudog ; smilem } I pean -- at least have know what be go on . we do not hava ro wtart free acrateh . david ( efter a beat ; the hargsove ) 7 do not kasw you know Governor pd-axcde . hargrove I do not . J koow ble a.a. , thoggh =- Bill Barrett . why ? you want ga to stroduce you ? maybe he ¢an give you som tipz on you campaign . pbayyo ( after a beat , mmilas ) be thanks . bargrove ( omilee} be 'a good . he slway wine . ( consinued ) 63 . ' continded : bevid leck et bia . he start away . . bargrove neontinue ) tou know about the meeting mre row at seven ? david what seeting ? hargrove kfetring gavin . teva gat avarynady work ali night . davie ceafter a beat ) til ba thare . margroye the elight mmile ) think you would be . david {to vaske} tore I my usape . vasko lock at bin a beat , code . barcrove nemile ) } tou be not get parangid , be you ? ext . matt amd ratrina ‘s ecuse - belvedere + night the white forsche pull {ate a circular driveway and fell sare the tha firwtehe mebt gute ente se be wear swant -clothes , the butler ia wash the Ferrari . butler do you have a nice run , sirt matt yeu I do -- ¢hamk you , Alan . butler mra , gavin call trom the city , biz . sha be not gure when she be gebslag back , she wald you should amt without ber , air . we bear the roar of another car angina . ( continued ) et continged : autler ( contisue ) oh , I think she 's bere pow , sit . and we see the Black porsche cous inte the circular aqrivewsy . Katrina driva it . she stop . mate etapa & 4 she window . we ope the car dosa sot have the rubber hood caver over the engife . matt whare have you ge ? trina T bed to gee some papers at the office , hungry ? matt camilaa} rtawed . she anile . int . daviid 's afartmert - wiget 2c 28 @ fhbl decomiot apartment in thé buneeat bistrict , pave lier in bed , fully - clsthed , with only a single vigbt om next to the bad . he have & phot 's album that he dm look at , hie fece 4g expressionless . wa eee the photogrepha as ke page through the alkiaa slowly . we gee he with trina ... they ara soth in they serly 30' . we sae then on the Stanford campus , thelr arma eround each other , mugging fer the camara ... they be at a shimel rights pesteat , poster in chair band ... thay be in bathing suit , kigeiag , on the beach at a spring >re '' and eben we 6 photogzaph of David h + } Matt , if arm around other , miling . and thea he ture the page , and we #@e three color photograph cf katrine in she early 20' . she be kneel om a bad , look right imte che camera . che $ a wear lacy black undervesr and mailing coyly , pemily dete the vemev . rex baie de very lomg and cave down har back , David ptese at the page a long bett , and then ke lean back acd cloée bis eye . katrina she im wear raid glase ond a eizple cress with single attend of pearis . podixie . trina Bus they be I long able es costwel eheit urge they gisespociat thanselves frou theit own action , often evan experiesc what I tera a bysterical bliindoess . they ure blind to the darkness within thatselves , she stand at a apeaker 's int . B.A. ' conference xooh - day detective leckiin hit a bottom , shute tha vcr off . he wes David , Tet falienda , Lt. hargrove , yashe , teller , ard Jones 4 the rec . locklin it 's '' speach she make heller iteok af note ] in Houston . eer father 's dead . her acther idve in Paris -° ber mother 's twice remarry . the last one 's a italian actor . she 's never bean cleae to she mother . jone she wae a only child . bha graw up in Switzerland , kew York , and nevport , rhode ts and . she go to brym mawr and then Stanford , where she mat Matthew favin and marry hin the year af graduation , vaseo bhe 's personally worth ter four to five mile in trust . ser busbard 's woe of tbe daltebuiwuyh emy -+ 20 to 3 '' mile in trust , and ke pulie down another thrae 's yaar from bia jaw practice . sha paken 650 grand '' yaar from she peyobleteic practice , ( continded ) 4s. continded : hfller ( leska at aotea ) thay own two acte +» the ene in belyedera and a reoch ja dt . Zeiena , they crn four care . she datve whle foreshe ; how busband derive 's black one , a sba 'g¢ active in Marin charitia and abimal tight group . sha baa & seputation for be devote the bar work and to she rusband . vasro {grine ) and for take it any way and loving it . shes the perfect yorrie . bperad look at bin . eargrove what be that seasford arrest about ? locel tt I be atili try to gat more detail -- hargrove ( to bavid ) do you mow ber than ? david fatter a beat ) yaa . dargrcve tenilea ) well , era you gonta tell we ? tez dt relevant ? payin fezter a beat } she weat 45 apd trash a rea¢arch de >. we would beeo doveive in whe would bean involved in & pro ome night she icet it and tr : tha place , sha bad to pay the damage . teeklin bite the videe futten again . we dae phatageank of the Oriental man who ws gew in the video make love to jade , ( continjed } comtsingd lockl not hamiru tosnite , 5 '' , cheirman of the takahita Corporation , Japan 's third - biggest computer firm , very heavy i8 jepanada palitios1 and industrial circle . he shit the video button off . vasko ( smile ) bhe mignet take 3f in any way , duc mot from any bedy , thac 's for sure , she fuck big bucke , a leng beat , they think about do , ftoargrove ( after a banat ) you kicw what I sayt wa 've@ get har print om the hatchet . wa have get har lie to we in she atatemast , wely get ber in hedferd 's bousa just betor he aieq . bhe 's get no mlibi . TI may we atop dick around . we have get = cane . all endar we do not lava a motive . eargrove sere wa dco . fhe spend har tine atudy nutcase . Shea 's '' wealthy , acedelly prominent : marry woman who get off€ book on the aide . woet want it she eeid om cha capa -- " blind to tha darkness witbis thameelvem " ? ghe lose 2h -' just like mba lose ac ae Stanford , vaso wacever kdle medfeed do it -~ that 's for sure . David just stare mhead , say nothing , callendar , what do you thiak , David ? Ze lookp at callendar a long baat , say nothing . vt . {continued} se. continued vasko reachen dato a briefcase and Sands bin a belater with a gun im it . & beat , and David fake it . bargrove ( outlee ) be careful . you go not waste the aboot youre # ] £ in the foot with it . tnt . davidn 's office - day be walk in . go to the window , lesk aut . vore mebizd bia} ravid -- bow be ya ? he cur aa , atarty , ggem governer eowarda '' a- A. , bail Barrett , sit there . ~ cavid how dic yeu gat in here ? weReerr when the goverzcr ef tha state of califcroda calis , moat people febura ths phone call . dayid T xva bee busy . barrett {a glight saile ) 66 T / va beard , they look at eack other a beat . barrett ( eontiaydog : quietly ) thors photograph you leave ina sacrament , it think maybe now that you will not bs néad then , you could help I find the pegativer , David look at bis a leng heat . dayie ( quiacly ) wey cut to tere farrett lowka at he '' bast , thes gate up and smile , ( continued } 6a . continued barrett what do you aesd thea for , David ? they be not relevant anymore . Dead pussy telle so secret . Fe eatartes #¢m walk see , david I like you car , barratt . surcek stop , tcok at he '' beat , chan smile . barrett do you haar whee happen ? you wont believe it . < I drive into town yesterday , se0 geome cld friend , I step fer a irish coffeu at the clize afcer «= somebe ; ateale Le right out of velat parking . david ( after a beet wailss } bad you reapart it atelee ? barrett ( wmiy ) foot TI tell you you would a't deliave it . ( a bett ) teil yee me game db wed bo do pe any geod , jt call fargrove ae ac0n a it heppensd . he feport 4 '' fer I . ( a beat ) see ya . ee stare out again -- at tha door , turus back . barrett ( continue ) hey , I beard you have sane car trouble too . I hear yeu ware duvare and bes gote . int . the gavin house - belvedere - pay David , it. hargrove , and vasko get out of a unmark poiica car . they walk up tha step to tha Front door . ( comtraived}_ 76 . continued & thay see a black porsche near ths garage , along with other aru , hargrove hit the door bard with the heavy gorga knocker . ths bytlar oper the door . rutler Mr , corelli , sir - = earqrove Te ketrine gavin here ? the butler isck at they a bear . butler she 'w in the etudy . int . katrina's btudy = day eee du witting at a dusk , wear she read glase -> exe be spread cut io front ef she . gha wear & wary ixpeasive , soitiy sexy rob . she be smoking a eigaratte . she see David and the two other sow loward the study . she witch tram , look at pham @ seat whan tnay get there . a baat , and ede blow emcke towards then . trina belie , David . her face i# expressioniags ; ac ig hie . fargrove watd like you to come downtom with we . mra , gavia . trina ( after a beat ) be io undar arrest ? vasto we cen du lt bben wey , af thee 's the way you wast to 45 it , trira I have tell you al . I know abour Kyle medford . what 's chis about ? she and David lock at wach other '' beat . ( continued ) w1 . continued : david ( quietly ) jade , they keep chelz syee on sach cthb4 ? cor the tcnge ; peas . toere ip a worldft ] of pain in bia aye , tro leventy ) T do not know anyone name jade . bargrove would you ilka to change and call youw attorsey , mra. gaviat ge atill bag she aye on David . ea turn away from er . trina yeu . ext . the belvedere house - day David be look at the bluck forsche . he =e acraper on tha front busper , but aething more . there be other plainelothasnen examinigg the car ; we aaa other police cara , too , ae ba de lock at de -- trine come dow tha stapa with hacgrove and vasko . she weard & simple black area , she wear@ dark , wrap -around sunginaseas . as they pase the porecha -- david bide 's '' you heve a aegin dover on the head ? trina it 's matta cer . ask bin . I do ant drive it ... much , fa baat } they call it a bra . david weat ? trina the cover , ft *s & ten . they get into the unmark police car . 72 . int , tee unmarked folice car + day : a they cross the Golden Gate Bridge , hargrove drive ; vasko aita in the frent seat next to he , David aite in the back behind hargrove , trina besind vasko . hargrove glance at thet in the rasrview airrey . they sys oie atretght sheet thel save axprvesicaise , and then trina put ber leave hand on David 's right knee , she eyae etill steaight ahead . hide by the evagla deok at she . a long beat a she hand od bia xoee . and then be put bie right bacd on she hand ... and move she hand of ? he knae . - hargrove glance at they in the cearview mirrer , hargrove who 's you atterney ? trina my bnsband 's neatlag we downtewn . david ( after a beat ) you might coseider have someone ele eéprament yon . triba always intimidared you . fft teally need a attorney , he 's the perfect parasn to represent not . David susF bargrove jook st bim im the rearview mirrer . hargrove bide a amlie . int . thr folick interrogation room ~ BAY tee voem be bave ond seld . ye de whe same esau datrice jacinto wes quastione in . the wall - size , twe - wiy mirror im at the end of che room . theze be a faw bright lighta in the roca . ( rote : much vf the scene should be baot as reflected in he angler , shadow , and apetty brightoesa of the tec . the confezence table ia not longer hera ; ehere be only echaire in the room . fhe sit on a chair , face they in she sisple black dress , she look aigest dature . she wear ser dark , wrap -around punglassus . there be a emall atead meec fac dro ser shade . 8 seperate shaiz ds different parte of the soca be pavid , lt , havgrove , vaeko , fat callandar , beller , Jones , and locklin . {continued} 33 . contaagser she looka partectly compoue . rargrcye can you remave you pusgle please ? rae May I have some evia watat ? oavid ( mile en} we will get you some cap water sf you like , that 'o all we have get , at that gomeat , natt gavin ceme ' ato the room . he weard a impeccable bricni suit . he jock upaak . marr weat 's this shout ? sa kiss tcina softly , quickly on the cheak . hargrove sit down , counselor , Mart givea eargrore & look , tax a chair , move lt next the hera . david let thy record show that Matthew fervio de beew os aer helsing gavin 'a attomey , wa see = atencgtapber ip the cornar . Sandy . David 's pratty blond sectetary . the young wooan with earlier bave sex with hatt. come in ... with '' paper gup of watur.. , and hand it to trin . trina ( emile } thank you . gandy ivek at trine , ylaose et heth , aad lwade ont , mate glance furcively at ber a ahe im leave . david het 'a bagin . ( continued ) thy continurd : . hargrove Tan you reusve you eunglasass , fleasa , Mrs. gavin ? hem they off and smile = thin emile at hate @ byttoo . have tae iy gec ig toe wachiro two of thess crvape do ant even want meat . they want one of the ether girl . theytd fuakad hey before . jede . Tom fuckin’ goverfor -- I recognise he -. .- jada rock bis world . we sea xatriog snd Matt watchiag jacinto . trina show ho taaction . jacint teortinue , om tape} ea even want I to put of & rad wig . he want se to turn sround , io do not take it that way . wa see David watch trina watehiag jecizt . he be adld 4 mat of kaye in bis hand nervously se he watchaa she , the kay have a eilver key risg . jacinto ocontdinue ; om eapa ) vmech take it apy wey . jade do baything . veda love it . jada seuld not gat enough of ft . the tapa end . hasd ( bard ) woet im this ? what dose tbia have tm do with Katrina ? fa not gedog ko let ber be a part of a tisbisyg empeditical David node to heller . gha bit '' button and , om the ty screen , w. the grainy , ¢¢lor-d4 iffuse tapa of ratrina have aex with the Oriental man , it gee int 2 low hotion be d¢ begin to clear . Matt aterea at the screen . Katrina le expraselonless . the cape wade with the climax ... bee beck arched aluawet grotesquely , she breeste out - thrust , she heed throw back , she red beair cascade ... and then we sae che feeepe - Zrame of fatrina 's face .. , a5 '' than the freee . frame turn right elide up . ( continued ) 75 . continufd : the tape eye . tae acreen be dark . a vary long beat , Matt 's eyme be wide open , stare et the dark screen . be ie freeze . then he finally blink ... bie yes atiil og the dark scraen . '' ha start to look at ber and arepa ..- dhe dhe be cam‘e cur bis feee ts daw . she alte there , eaxpré¢eioniess , potaad , compere 's , payid Mrs. gavin '' -- im taat you do thar videotapa ? she locka at David '' best . expressionless . watt ( suddenly , apotfonslly } tt could be apybedyt that woman veguely cseaanpbles hey ) what the fuck da thiet that 's not she -- trika tquietly ) tas it fa . she lock at David . Matt iscke at she = bemt , they -- matt laxploaively } she do not know what she 's say ! {eo trina ) she 's act against the advica of counsé ] «= she put bar hand on Matt 'as and hold {¢ , trina ( to Matt , softly } I be eotsy : she lesk at lim , we look away from har , she keep beold bis band -+ mod then be take big hand away . David watch she . a heat . and thea hatt losk at David . tf loske could r411 ... devid look away from kim . david I be sorey ... me. gavir , .. you be har artarneay - ' thares wae no seher way . I suggest she have cther counsel represent she . ( oontinted ) 1. continued ; matt {dia a whisper ) pack you , David , do not do be any favor . a long feat. ae phey lack af aack afhes_ rargrove lenjoyd this ) can we get on with ier dayld lock at he , wa cap tell hargrove ie enjoy Shia . he 1cek BC Katrina . trina {qudetiy : besitantly ) xo mat sasuru toahito at a fundraiser for the musewm . T like kin . T itked hie very meh . ( a beat with ddd bloul ty ) T have never ... chest on my busbasd befora . ( a bem oli difficulty ) ho toox I eo & douse . I spest the night with hin . she lock like sha 'a go to cry , Matt can not lock at she -- he ay om the ground , sha reach out for bie hepd again be will not give it to she , trina ( eontinudeg ; quiekly ) I be sorry . ( a beat ) I be so potry . Matt doss not cook at hers David watcbes har , a beag ++ bargrove look at David . ha lock like be 's in utter dimbaliet , . eargroye dee you riddiag out be say you wara not hook ? matt what do yeu say ? fe leoka at hargrove as though he de come out of & trance . ( continued ) 77 . continued : matt ( eeatiauing : hard ) be you mscouse my wife of hook ? be you know who you 'ra speak tot barorove ( bard} no , couneslor , I be ageuse you slien of hook . a long beat ag hatt and hargrove glaze at #ech other . triba ( quietly ) I cheat on my husband , bur that joe not sake it book , she be completely calm . ' thay atara at she . vasko you wara not hook for Kyle kadford ? ' trina 2 heg you paerdoot david ( hard ) roawer the question . matt ( quietly ) jemus , = do o’t believe this . trina of courasa nor . rargacye ( sard ) you naver cell yourself jada , you never «= trina tcaimly ) he , they look at she a beat . eeller bid you hava sax with other gen -- ( continved } '' continued : h haat . 7h . trina fhard ) fr do sett I cheat op my husband ence ++ ( whe look ut matt} -* to ey geeat ... somme . ( a bemt ) I knee de waa wrong ... but I do not know I could be arrest far dt . thay lenk at ben caluevrar you be net uncer arrest , nre , gavin . along baat . she look down . trina {eonelouios } that young woman on che videotape ... i7 a be happy ce reet she . -. she could tell you I 's nat aby perce ... ake ome wadewede the . david faftex a beat ) bhe 's dead . a deat ; aha lock at David . es pute tha key he 's beas play with on the stand near she . vaseo pid you evar fuck the govaraor of calizornia ? she look at vasko like ba 's ouce . mstt goce up , matt okay , that 's ly , we be we of hace , he tell you aha 's not this perz00 -- trina Ho . do you vaako tcoke a¢ she , griaa : he like thet . ( ovarpewe sourintens they stace 79 . trina neontinue ) te you do not believe I , why do not you ask garernor fdwarda ? fe beat ) ask rawury if y be tell you the tryth .. , diva get bie mumber in tekyo . ( a beat ) please be discre I 's marry , itz pure be cegre what happen pecween we as mico wo tt co . at she . yasro wey aid you wear the red wig ? inna ne askad ze to . I take dt cut of he briefceme , I de a't koe why . ask bis . locklayy where wea the house that Mr. tesbito take you tot ? trina I do not remember . it wae aomewbere in the marina , David be pace right in front of tha two - way mirror at the end of the foe . joont bave you bean in thet house on ekber occasion ? trina no ... T wae only thice that aight , pavid baw bis beck to rec . Ze le stare right inte the twooway mirror . davin weld it aurprias you if 7 tell you that house be own by Kyle medford ? trina yea , st would . I do not know namur know fyle , {continord ] continued '' David turn to she . david mbat 12 2 tell you I bad a witness who see you antar and leave that bousa on several occasion ? thay bave thar eye on aach other , natit bha 'e slready acnewer tha ie 'a the only time she trina trd cell you you witness be miateken . davie where be you yesterday efterocon petween five and seven ? trina ( think ebsut it ) twas in the city . I mat mate for '' foot dalton af bow clete azound three . = I bad bo go the oy office to pick sofe péperé up and return wane phone «alla . than for drave beme . I get atuck in traffie on the bridge for a while , I get home mround aight . matt eow doos this relate to kyla kadfard ? DaviD {ta vrinal what be you drive ? we ee I be anery . y drive wy husbanc 's . bavid the black forache ? triha yon . ( continued ) # 1 . continued + matt what be you accuse she of ? day nething , she do not have the anu frer pny question gbe dosmn-c want to , a beat , a@ thay lock af each orker . pavib feeatinuiag ) why do you drive you dushand 'a porsche ? trina scouetine wa switch . they lock at par . triba {epntinuings quietly ? Z’¥e comitce no crime . if you rava oo further question , I would like es ge . thay leck at hex = deat . bargrove can you ba availiable for a lineup tonsrrow ? matt ( hard ) forgas it ! fuough be enough . aba 's pot geicg to be put through aty more of thia , if you be go the charge ber , charge she but lat mar tell you -- df you charge ber falsely -- ebis city i# goiag the pay ker mote money than L.A. pela jee Morgan , think about thar. ( to trine ) lat 'a go . trika ( eo sargrove } I have get nething the ride. ft '1i be aveiladie whan you mead mar , ( continted ) $ 3 . continvedt they icok at she 's beat . trina neontina ; to David ) what you do the ay marriage bere teday wus vatposkable . {a best} hey my husband and I go 7p tayid fafwex a beat } yas , they eyse ure on gach other . thay start the bead out . as thay be almost ost tha doer -- hate ( quietly , intensely } you happy ovw , David ? be this whak you want ? ee turae the go out , dayid whatever happen the the bra oo you porseba ? mace urna beck , lock at bim a seat , shake bia bead in disbelisf , . matt I do not koow what you be talk about . and they be go . a long beat a they sit there , David stand in front of the two - way mirror , face it . vabro ( grinm > Weil , I thick whe have some uncostrellable urgas and ia heaving byaterice ] blindness . ap David stare at the twoewny mirror , ha think he aase something . maybe we see the tindest flicker cf a shadow there ; maybe we imagize it . david tko vaake ) } ta mnybody da there ? {cont intel } a. continued : eq dodicate the little room on tha other sida of the mirrer , vaseq weere ? eargrove mo. David look 4 '' hargrove m beat -+ and he heade ont of the roma , they stare at he , int . the corridor ee walke to the nexk door and cry to open dt . it in leekad , Ze try again . it wa not open . a beat -- be stand there , and then be head back down tha corridor . int . polich interrogation room - day he walke beck in . they atare at he . david it 's lockad . hargrove Weil yas . it 's leck . ira always lock whan we be net uring ite David jooka at tha two - way uirroe again surpisiously . '' aseo you want to eall maíntenane and gat oe key ? David look at thew = beat , shake he head . hargrove yesko @ look that he 's loving it , osavid we the leok . wargrove emilee a Little and look away frem im . aa bseal . hargrove ( micer a beac ) she 'a lie . she 's cane of the beat I have ever sten . she know this guy in Tokyo be not : gcing the get invelved ... she koew gactament . inte go to gee invalved aha koow the sthar hooker 's '' = {continued x. continue callendar how do she even kmow jacinto wae ealk to we ? hargrove S de not haow bow whe koee . bvt she knee scmahow , she 's dasgatous . Shea 's a sooiopaty , she kill medford and ie cover hergelf , Shea 's study she crazy toc well . she 's a warpe ag they ara . a beat , as chay look at biz . int . ter little room on the other sidk of the mirror - BAY somacne be watch tham through the glaga . seller ( the David ) - you know ber . you think sha 's lvina ? David daw look right imte the mirzor . dave {after m beat ) you . we see who be watch they now , jt ia Bill barrete . ae smile . reit . tee parking lot = day Matt and tritte be stand by they mercede 600 . he pusbas the automatic door cpaner . it will not open . he pushes it again . it we o't opan . fa evddanly hit the door with bin fist . a beat , and then ha leok at she fot pain and anger . tara ( calle ) De not. please . matt ( efter a sas ; har4 ) do not ? you mean I can not even eek you , {continued ) courpiom , ( # lac ) do not . & best , om chey leek at cask athes_ trika ( eontinuiags quietly } bo you think I do not know ? ( she suite ) Zo mist etrika you ae stupid . matt ( after a bear ) face what ? trina toalm ) they nante . the place you take tham to dioner . the ayite io the pairmount tower , {a beat ) of course , it be ususlly the effica . [ a beat she wile ) you work vary hard , do no yout matt ( after m ' beat ) you have have se watch ? ' trina ( after a beac} not for che last year . tu beac ) T do not like waste money , he lock away from har . trina ocontinue } i nve cheat op you once . how many tine have you cheat co mar ? a long beat , and thes he lock back at she . matt ( qaienly ) De you wank a divorce ? be that it ? eie voice de choke up , fhe lock at bim a long baat . ( continded ) ae . continued : trina do you ? matt {utter a bett } mo. I look away from ber . ee ie more choke up . mati foeontinue ) I leva you . reeeee 's dook af she whan 3e seye it . she watobe trina ( flap I leve you boo . Ze look at she . ter faca be expremsionles# . thera be a coldnasa about baz , trira ( continue ) will yeu open thea dese far mar . plesse ? a beat , # 5 be leck at ber , and he open the kerceden 's door for she . and . tatik bedrogm > day be sit on the aide af the bed , still wear bin brioni uit . Ze atarea af neeh . the deer to the bathroom de open . she be in the shower -- there iz steam in the bathroom . she comaa out cf the shower , rake , and eterka they dey aff with '' tous ] . ee watch ser from the aide of tha bad ... watch she body . he come doto the bethroom slowly , still wear he euit . she watch he come towarda ber in the mireer , be suddenly grebe she by the heir , pulie ber head back . & baat -- she wince in pain , she suddenly grab ths ecipaore on tha bathroom seuntar and slashes at biz with the seissota . he jump back -. bie band f= atfighely cue . thera de a tutokl of bleed , she atend there , hold the aciasor , she syas wild . ( conttinved ) a. continued : trina do the tape tura you om , katt ? ta that whet happen ? Fe hocke mte she @ beat -- the blood trickle down biz 4 , matt {after a long beat ) put the scisgere down , trina . she hold then . tro namile } why ? for like hold they . it like chat they frighten you . matt {efter a bart ) plass . a leng best , ag she look at he , and thas pute they down . taey look at gach other = long deat . ' att fcontinuiog : quiet , bearse ) you nave make love to mar ... like you fuck that guy . anile ) maybe you naver breught chat side pi I ont . matt {atter @ beat ) do David ? trina nemile } devid ? = geld you the hiad of lovar tavid be . matt to prekect my frail ego ? that 's what David say , ( continued ) ug . continued , ee look away fran she , down at tha counter ... and picke the wolsecr up casually . she look at hin with ths scissors in bis band . ee be not exactly threateniog ber with the acissore , but be ig hold che selasore batween then . =btha Ze you eyo frail ? Ze {9 # €412 lookiag at the scissors in he bard . ' trifa feanetnue ) T would have sbought ail this yeang biondae would hava buiie it ap . be look at ber sow , the acigeor in Band ... and for a moment we think be be go to lash owt at ber , sut he poce the erisser down oo the coumter .. , and tucus away from bar . she turn back to the mirror . her hair be wet . dhe bas no makecp of , wa ese ebadcow usder she eye . fhe lock almost ... % 1 ini . the baterooh - later she atanda ia Front of the mirrer . 8he ssoxa hot . it ie not the reatrasinad , ‘o - heid sexuality we have see throughout . she ozs makey on than we have svar sean very tigp= asd cveverl red do . weare a lesg blonde wig . she look at barsalf and smile . she turse end walk inte the bedrocn . int . tie sepaost h toe eurtedss have see draw . the dedroce be sark . he ie lie iu the darkness co the bed , efi11 wear hie brioni suit . he looke at she as sha walk in -- bead tight we . matt where be you go ? she look at nin . ( continued ) os . continued : trina sut , {a bent } De you like my dress ? he amye nethiag , lesk at hex . watt ( bard ) where ? ' {icy } Te the office . ( ahe sadle ) I have gor work to do . thay leek at anch other . matt ( quietly ) tou be dress for it . taira leafter a beat } tos , I az . and she goss . a beat , and he gete up and gomm to the bathroom door . ha look at himasl# in the mirror a bese . he look avZul . aod be lvek at the count + bae scissors be gene . int . the police garage - day David and vaeke ara lock at mare gavis / a blank porsche ++ with they ara two or three police porensics 1k . forensics har this two scrape here -- ew indicate the ecrapss on the front feuder . forensics mat ( continue ) -- they be new -- but the tegte how no bleed , there wourd ant necessarily bea bieod heré from a impact == the blce could bave flackad -- cight bere . ( continued ) yo. continced : ha tape the hood of the cer . another forensic wan but ae blae bere , ebther . wot aven of trace . anctsrr torensics han theres be @ lot of paint tracer on oe front and rear bumper and 's on . david what dow that mean ? porensics wam Te alther mean they take it to of €ax wash that 's not very good , of it 's be dn tha kind of chase you descrane . dayid what df chere be a bra om che apgiost pcricted want then the bloed would be om the be and for the body . & beat -- David neds and he und vasko start walk away . one of the forendics Men stand at the foreche yell to then , forensics han can we release it ? vaake look at David ; David shrug . vaer tyelling } yeah . ag they walk through the gasage , they see hargrove and Bill barratt stand at ansther black porach ... identical to Matt gavin 's ... that 'a be completely traahad . ie idtk like a truck bit it . ( the David ) hey -- do you sem wy car ? gomabedy drive it eff a clditt . David look at the sar , seem Barrett grin at hin , ( continued ) $ 1 . continued ; barrett ( eontinue } you xnow the good news ? the dsserance company get ze '' brand - new one . kargrove ( to David ) it help to have powerful friend , {to barrett} daz I right ? barrett ( eo David ) you ’ra right . int . dayid' aparixent corridor - night ap be de about to open bis door , be bear something move inside . he listen -- be hear dt ag he drawa he qun . Hu cpeane the dter vary slewly . int . david 's apartment - niget zi ope inca the darksese -- warily , bie gun draw . # 4 @ shadow in the kitchen , david put you besda up and come eve slowly . Za aim the gun carefully with both hand , pull back the harger . a long beat . anqd Katrina atepe sus . she weat the vary tight and eximpy red drea and the long blende wig . David take a long look at bear , rune he ayer down kat baaty . trina , be you goirg ee shoot I . David ? exyid ( hushed ) woat be you golag perer taira for kad to talk to you . she compe closer and gloser to hin . er movemest be euggestive , overtly macy . walus never meen hae tad way . eveo she voice ie different -+ low , alpost = buaky , intensa whispar . ( continued ) oz . continted : trom ( continue , say ) po not you want to talk to I , parid ? be not you golng to pub the gus dewn ? she fe vary close to bis now . I look at bar a beat and pute the gua dow . davi teant talx the you , trina . trod seay ) you you can . she i# almost touch he new , david you ‘'se 42 auepect in a == trina ( a mlight smile } T come here to confen , David . dayid ( hard ) cut the able , ckay ? ( a beat , hard , loud ) gec the bell out of bete , trisal she be take aback by bie fury . sha turn away frou bim , she dtarte bo ery softly . trira ' ( aofely , cry ) erm mvere . wip wee fisceus be look at she a long beat . ee ... and we ... wonder if thip ds ap act . she etope cry , ia still turn away froma hig , trina {continudogy datly } T do ant know Kyle be filming any efit . I know they wera powerful man , but i do not know Le be ... use they . se tell I they be erisnd ox bia . {continued} 33 . continded : david {ee1d ) row many cf ‘em do you fuck ? trina ( quierly ? fitvesen , ¢venty -- I lose track . she doaas’t look at tin , david tintenaely } whyt why sot just cheat like everybody alse desea ? khy do you turn yourself inte a -- she leoke at hin . . ae ) I have alway o> & where . you kagw ... have alwayn be ... @ whor . R lemy best , a= they leok to sash ether , and he emilee . tro igeatinue ) you know it be mar when you see that tepe ... before you aaw oy face ... do not you ? do n’k you ? Ze look at ker , and then he close he ayer a beat , bayi£ do you fuck mate that way ? she the wtdld emile . trina you de not fuck you hyasband that way . you make love to bin . david what do you tell you husband ? she turn away from hin again . trina wotaiog . all he knov be that tt shested co he with that omm oa the apa . tmore ) ( continued ) 34 . continued : trina { cont ’d ) to baat ) what 's so wreng ... with what 7 aidt davis ( aftec a deat ) whe be they ? trina man with money ... expizea ... - families ... reputetiong . she turn the he with a wild intensity . tria feontinufagy do a whispar ) tessa euipn chem . they keow 2 tic ruin they , they kill fylw , they kill that gizl on the tape . tt you charge ge ... lf they know Katrina gavin ia jade , .. they will not tisk latting I live . she turn away from hie again and start to cry ssftly . ea watch ker . a very long beat . talia naoutinue ; to heceelf , quietly } ged - savdd -- will not you aver forgive I for leave you ? he look at ber & baat ... and then he gow to she ... sha turn , cry ..- and put she erm around he seck ... pull beraslf sleee to bis , trina ( conedoue ? whi ppere ) I have missad you . david ( whispesiag ? bonk , please do not . sha se still exy . trina ( whisperinal I have miss you ss uch . ( continded ) 35 . continued : dayid ( whisper ) trine . faryd . whiapering } T love you so much , and abe kiss hin on the lip -- he back to the couch +- pha falla on top of hin . trina [ comedsue : whisper , urgently } please . david ( whisper ? teiet. dome . trod ( whiaperiog } plasse , David , plaase , azcd they roli_coto the floor . she the on top of he , she crouch low over he , , , she long , blonde hair falle over he -' ber tongue ie in bis mouth cow .+. he dle the ia hand @o¢n she butt , uazipe he ... be pukl the ved drass over she head -- she be naked . ee moan ... #h in the videota : the sace aigle as tarte &¢ move the aame way that she do .. we gee they from bebind ber ... it ia in the videotape , she ig on top of hit , move ... she head be back ... ber back le arched , , . she breast be out - thruat ... ber head gous farther and farther back , slmoat qretesqualy , bey deir cascade down she back ... a they come together . a long beat ... a aha creezag herself archad backvard ... asd thas she @ she bead fall forward and ehe slumpa on top o- hin , £ ; yeu be close . a very long beat as they lie like that -- he put he arm around ber . david ( quietly ) you be lyfhg . kateina . ( contintrs} 98 . continued ; we teu har open har ey ha oti ) baa ris ace around har as she dn stutped atop he . dayid -( eemtinudsgs quierly ) you be good . you be raally good , but I think you kill Kyle ase you x4llad that girl and I chiak you placn what happen hare very carefuliy . a baek , .. spd she site up .. , and look away from he . she i naked . her face ie expressicolese . bavrid nsoutinuiag cold , quistly ) but you see -- pothing happane bare eaxcere that I bad sy brad fuck we by @ aocker game re gate up asd lock at she , sha de turn away from bin , ber face axpressiconiess , david {eve bagweheny ? I know Katrina gavin a long time age , I do not kuow she ary=cte . be igvke at Der m beak and the phone ring , I reach for the phone . and as he dous -- wae meat bat reach for ber purse . she reach slewly ineid fer purse . ear face im a mask , david {eontinutags on kha phone ) oxay - de hangr up and look at she . thare i# — lock of boryer on fis dace . and sh ae she beod out of she purge . we eee u pack of cigerette and a lighter . she lighta the cigarette , soaa not look at he . david {eootinudagt T have to go . ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . continued david ( cont *d ) ( a beat ) wy poor trina . you be go fuckiz’ nick . sha lesw oh he syetn . trina what tf you be wrong , David ? ff you be wrong , I be dard . he locke at she ao beat , dayie cen I have oy key ? trina ( attezt & daat} tow would '' bere you keya ? she gaile . david you tock they eff the etuand in the intatzogation reca . & icng beat . sod whe resch into she purse agaic ++ and throw bis he key , tha mile be go now . she alooat leck angry . ent . a mouse om Tam marina - hight the beady of Justin sanderson lie on the bed , bis eeuth open ... ha‘e the old man who live mawt ts kyla hedtord 'as fuckhouse , who say he would meet and once speak to jade . we sae yask , heller , locklis , pbhotagrapa ara baing take by forensics Men . a defuty coroner be there . David come it , take a leng lock at the body , vasro well , thec 's the imst lick so vede . everybody who aver see jade be either t#ad or suffer fram penile amnesin . jade dess not exist anymore . loantinite continted ) heller ( to david} I etied to ca}l teehite in tory , I think we have hava better luck if aba would do ths Pope . berit suilwe = thin eadde suddeady , lueke sh jumeie rendezsco 's body . payid let I quen , time of death three or four hour ago . a long beat , and than -- deputy coroner sad guess , this guy 's #¢ill warm . ee die in the past hour . bavid towhe ac bim '' beat , then -- david ( bushel what ? hie eyaa be buge . he look lixe he 's be strike dy iigbtoing . locklin he die ... {he look at hia watch ) -+. so mimutse age . deputy coroner somebody pur thia pillow ever bis face , davie ( the loexliny haw dé you know thar ? locxalin the howsaboy waa cut get at bafaway , he cine ha haere a ecuffle . we ron back bere . I beard somebody gun out the backyard . David stare at big . $ f. twf david ) @ car — wight tt je a loaner -- a standard pedga , tt hee start to fain . he starce dt up . ee look desperate . he stapes on the gas and roar down mating driva . bie £ ia stone . ho gimncee lo the searview mirror , be aaa @ black foréche suddenly behind hin , and then the perache make a @udden , wild turn down another strust . David piloorr rhe cay -- keapa go . int . the stairway + higet ea rung up the ateirway o¢ fie apartaect building at a breakasck pace . it , the corridor - niget he rune down the corridor of bis apartment building , ha gete to bia deor , it de open , he borsta in . david ( lewd ) trine ? volt ( hehiod he } she 's not hare , se turn . tes mate , ee wear a stylieah bomber jacket , jeans , and tenqia shoss , 3a lock out of control . matt you fuck she , do m't you ? dbavid ( lend ) where iv she ? matt you fveke she , '' 4 d o't you ? it can waell she on you . pavid grab he by the lapel and sjap bin egeinst tha wall , bard . ( continved ) 160 . continued : raviz ( leud , hard ? I do not touch she ! [ a beat ) call per ? matt tagcex m beat ) whyt what 's wrong ? david ( eecd} call bart a beat , and Matt go to the phone and dimla quickly . matt sha 's not pick up . dav Ip ( hard ) wao 'a in the house with she ? matt ko one . Alan 's on vacation . pavid coma onl I etart rush out of the apartment . Matt stand there , stariog at bin , bavip neentinue ; yell ) 1 aad be rung cut -- metk follow dim . a1 . the gavin sguse in belvedire + night trine ia adleep in bed . ya bear a window brearing . sbe wake . she lis-ena . we haar a noise dowpeteira . she pick up tha phdde . the phone 's dead . sha sete up quietly . phe 1 . a vesy drightensd . sha 9 to the dooz . she beara footstep . {continted 162. cowtinted '' she elsee tha doer . she turos the icck . she iiaten . the foctstep come closer , dad closer . 4n@ closer . int . mati -g mercede ~ higet as it burty at a high apeed across the Golden Gate pride . the cain kee get heaviee . the foq head mrape De mate drive -- David fa next t6 din . david {on speakerphone ) be you the dispeccher fvz tus selwadura folica departosst ? int . the gavin housr2 in belvedire - nicht ghe ig at tae door , listeninc . nothing . rad than we beat @ noise in another part of the beuse , int . matte mercede - niget Te 4e pour seda cow . the fog the very thick . ae tatt drive down a two - lane road along the bey , a beivedare police car pass then , hee cherey @pin , dt sicen off . ed , David uy thay fellow the police ¢ar at a righ tha tre , at the sida of che read , perk 5 . line : hide by the fog : a black porsche , ita window tinted black , its parking light on . int . tee savin hocss in belvedere - night she stand at the door , she axa footstep again . they be come up the ataize . they come closer . and closer . and chan stop . 102 , 2yt . the iron gate - tez gayin house - selvedere - hicet tha dzon gate ds close . the belveder police car , ite cherry sepincisg , opped in frente of it . the rein be come down in ss ) '' ths fog de gam soup . 26t . mati ° 's mbachde - niger be pulle bebiod the police cer . hdta a remote coptrol , the gate open . int . th3 gavin house th belyedoire - night she sae . the doorknob nove . she staras , she abrick against the wali . ik move again . Med thes , wuddenly , abe heaxe car ovteide . she beac running footstep . thay run paather away . downstair . ext . the gayin rouse ih bzlvedrzar - night mate and David jucp out of the mercede -- rain pour , fog envelope tham , the wind starta to BOWL . matt ( acream ) easmdma ! se run towards the front door ef che bouse . & figure jump off mo deck et the pide of the house asd aterte cunoing for the billaide besize the bouge . belvedere policeman bold dt right thera : the figure madd up the bliileide -- David rune after hin follow by one cf the belvedsra cop . ths fag ie vary chie® -- David can barely me -— the rain pour . the hilleid onde at a plateau line with wucelyptus and oak . tha plateau lemd to the cliffa and a drep to the beach . bsvic graw bis jud , case ihto cor tess jink . ( continved } 163 . comfihted + ee a nothing -- the wiod howus , the big eucalyptus maka g crabhov3 , beat noise . and then we see goverment tear the cliiie . David rune towards the cliff , he quan draw . ee see & figice dart through the tree , davitt do not move ! be see the figure dexct toward the elidis- ea fire . and the figure falle to tbe '' David look down +» be can noe a and the fog . bh balew . . anything if the rain he see @ very long flight of wooden step bearby , the stepa lead from the cliff to the beach below . ha fune down the step , tae belvedere cop bebind hin . ext . tre beach - night he run theeugh the wee easd . theres if = hody shead he geca £ 5 the body . he turnae it over . the belvadere cop heane he flasblignt on the face . it ia Lt. hergrove . ee ie dxaee all in black -- '' black turtleneck , black pants , & bleck jackec . ext . the seace + dawn the want dp come up . the raio h step . we sen vasko , relter , jonas , locklia , the deputy ccroner , and other policeman around Zargrove 's body . David watch theo , he looxe bedraggle and drain . deputy corcher the abst bic tie eight apm . it war tha fai} that kiile hin - pavie cake a hong look af aercgrove , then levke wposs and seas a black porsche , ite witdow tinted bluck -- at the bottom of a road nearby that epd at che beach , be starta walk towards ehe forsche . the car 's motor faon , he go to the window , Ze can not sea who ia feaide . tha window come dewn . etll barreatc . Governor Edwards 's administrative sexistant , site there . ( continued ) aod . gontinued ! barritt my boss want co see you . oav in where barrett thera . fa dadicate angel tetand , just out of the bay acree from beivedate . a deat , und David mile . bayio angel teland . rasars ? doae that amiga you ? davie he 's get a senge ef bum . barrett yer be dow . EST . a yacht + angel islabd - day ie ie a deautiful , sunny day . David aye on the dack of the yeckt with barratt . he jlonk # vary wear . a loss beat , a ehoey oft there ... and thea wa hear a helicopter . the helicopter tarde near they , David watch it . Governor Zdwarde jumpe out of toe belicopter and come to the boat , Ze jumpa cat the deck from the boat dock . governor edward ar. corelli . it 's nice to eae rou , david - you beleag in jail . govertor , be leok ao drainad , it '¢ like he 's expend a 11 of bia euergy - govverhor xoward ( enile ) maybe , but 27 m meet geisg thera . ( contvzd ) cont onued ! 103 , savia fyle be ebake you dew . you kill Kyle , and then the hooker , und then the ofd man . covrrion mtwaane ( camile ) ne ? tf live in Sacramento , kr. corellg . I do not even get to thie great eity much . david pu ... asg watterc ... ana margrove . baraett ( foy ) prove it . governor edward ( grin ) you ars resily screw up , you csow . Kyle never aven triad to shake se down . he know we better . the fire time I sew that wistyce wee eben you drought chem co be . baytid what be hargrova do bara thant governor edward tgrin ) it beate the shit out of ze . barrett ( after a beat ) rayb he be lesk to ne tt sha hed eny mere ppivieeer vi Governor . he be a big fan or ) tha gevernor -- a good voter . I will Bet be wea n’*t go tc hurt she , tavid that 's why be cuk the phone line -- beceuge be be not go € burt she . barrett maybe be cut the security systen and bhe phena line be tie into ae todas near , Tim fue hypothassire bere , { comtinted ) 108 . continued : Barrett smile ; David look at they '' beat . davtd {to Edwards } tz anything heppeas the she , I have @ roll of fila of you anc 2 deag hooker , goverhor edward what if something happeng to you ? david . somathing jp go to happen to rarr . the nile ) I be go ts run for maycr next year . becrett wmdebe at lim . oereruer bdwarde ivck at he '' long bett with fromt in the look ... and then he smile . governor edward well , gir -- you have gop gy endorssament . David leche at bin ++ it 's he turn ts smirk , ext , the gayin boat dock - belyroire he get off the yacht , walkea down ths deck . ha fetriue sittiog on = ceck , lock at the water . walk up to ber . she dowa not look ac he , < a long bear , bayid I be sorry . she look at hia '' long beat . . trina mhat 's ge to heppan the yemr dovestigarion ? pat te?1l be dnecomelusiva . ( a beat ) ancthez homicide go unsolve , bke leok at he . david ( continue ) po not worry . they will leave you blond . ( continued ) 107 . contintes : sbe look gt he a long bear . trina . thank you . they iopk at eack otyer . davin what be you go to do ? trira {after 's beat ) try to beal oy marriage . a long baat . david why do you pick bin ? she look away from bin . trika you 'te be crazy ae T be , dsevid . wa 'ra toc much alike , hatt 's like & rock , ( a beat ) I 'o ] wea you . she starta away , david ce wee gate to 284 you sha turn back to he -+ she exiias . trina , I or jade ? davin it do not xnow anyone hape tada , a beak , mand she walke away . ee watch hex , sbe atarta walk up the tong wooden steppe lead to the bourse . int . the gavin house - day she walk into tie foyar . ie fe completely quiat in the hovea . ( continued ) igs . continued : taiea mate ? thares be no tasponss , a banat . and she walk up the stair , int , the btalbwat - thn gavin house - tar when sha get the the top + = trika mate ? she hear nerbing . a beat , and she ptarta to walk down a ballway . int . the hallway - the gavinh s3ouse - day ag oho walk . we see that the door to tha bedroom be she 4 p about to pase dt . she stop tuddenly aad ut memetbe in the bedroom . we cao’t ses what b® Deng bett , aot ewe yous duty the bediccom eivedy : int . the beproom - tee gaviw a00 ee - day she walka slowly the he bed . acd than we pee what phe ia look ati the bed da cover by glossy , colare photograph Shea geen closer to look at they . they all show trine , a jada , wear ber long red wig , have differenc sind of mex with differant pam «+ anong chez , we ses govesnor edweste and gacursi toshibc , she stare &¢ tke photograph . she daen very frightenad . matt lo.b- } his vaien eterty she badly . she turn . he be in the bathroom . the Light 4s on in the bat&reom , but the door ia close . hatt ( 9.5.7 foaneine ) it 's okay . come oa in . {continued } 103 . compinteo a long baat , as ebe etand thers , frighten =< and then aha step the the bathroom door and cpen it , unt . the bathroon - the gayin house + day ee etend at the mirror , tare - chest , ahave . ha have a loag strafght razor in he band . he leoke at she in the mirror . she looka at aim . thay fay nothing . he shave . the razor gleam . he suddaoly piek himmal ? a the eheth . matt damn , can you grak I om kleenex ? ee stand ut tha mirror , watch she . a beat «= and she etep closer to aim and reache¢ into the kleenex bux . matt otontinue ) can you jug -- dab it on ? ee atiil bas the raror in hie hone . a beat ... and then , almost hesitantly , she step very sloas to bim and dab the kleenex onto the cut , ee pute he arm around she neck -- bis hand be hold the razor , it be vary close to she cheek , matt ( eonednue ) thank you . tosy look at wach other , very cloma 15 each other -' he arm be arsund she neck . the rexsor in hia hend trina ( quietly ) where do you ges thent a long beat . as be look into she aye , than -' matt ( cusually } Kyle medford show they to mar the day befora I kill hin . she atare at bin . opsc-mouthed . in utter disbeliaf . de elll bes bie arm arousd bar mack , the rasér oeer she cha ek . ( continued ) 115 , continued : - trina tquietly ) tou ... knew ... you ... bd2le ... ali of chen . matt ten. a beat -- a6 whe stare at hig ... and then he euddenly take sie arm mway , pute the razor dew , iook at binself in the mirror , kat ? ( continue dato the mirror ) but I dea'e remember any cf it . tou anow what I thisk it that ryeterieal biindase . she stare at bim . ee smile a littiea and go into the badrgon . tut . tee bedroom - the gavin House - day she follew sim in wlewly . stare at bin a he ia put # shizt en . . the coler glcaey phete aru on the bed between then , pindwsh with bia shy , be umamepe bis hetefoaaa and ton she something . she catch if , look at it . it ia a long red wig . ea anapa he briefcase shut and start out of the room with it . he kigpes ber qoickly . softly on the chek . matt do I & favor . will you , trina ? she locke at bin . matt ( coatinue ) the neat tine we make love .. : antsoeduce I to ja ant he 's go . sha stand chese with the sed wig in bet beade . fhe look at dt a leng beat and than look up ... ( comtinuid ) di. continted : versus and she omi.er . int . a detectiye 's car + day dave , parke dear tae bowss , site in che car liscen to a tape recordar , om the tape , wa kear Matt 's voice wait ( v.9 , ) be I a fever , will you . trina ? the ceaxt tina we make love ... introduce mm the jade . ee stare at the tap recordar a beak , theo bite '' butken , and we hear mact ' 's voice agada . watt ( ¥.8 . ) ( continue ) introduce ue to dade ... dotreducs I to jad@ , , , iatroduce I the jade ... introduce mar to ... he atare out tha window at che house , big face a math , the tap keep replaying the sane ae wass fade gut .