jane eyre written by moira buffini adapted from the novel by Charlotte bronte 2 nd draft 6th MARCH 2008 ext . a midsummer dawn . thornfield - the ground . first light . Jane eyre be run across a meadow , flushed and breathless ; the hem of she plain , black dress soak with dew . she carry a shawl and have a small bag of belonging over she shoulder . she trip , fall to she knee ; look back . expressive eye , open feature . she be desperate . we see the house she be run from ; a jacobean battlement mansion . her need to escape be so great that she crawl forward until she be able to raise herself to she foot . she run . she reach a antique stile by a brook . she lift herself on to it . she land on the road . and run . I /e. day . a roadside / coach . the sun be higher in the sky . Jane exhaust , now run down a main road . her spirt lift at the sight of a approach coach . she flag it down . Jane empty she purse into the driver 's hand . he look at she money then suspiciously back at she . a terse nod indicate she can get in . CUT to : Jane sink into a dark corner . her fellow passenger look shocked by she dishevel appearance at such a early hour . she undertake a tremendous effort not to betray she emotional state . she do not sob , she do not howl - although she breathe threaten to . slowly , unable to bear the day , she close she eye . ext . evening . whitcross . sunset . a whitewash , stone pillar set up where four road meet on a barren moor . the coach driver open the door . with a curt nod he indicate that Jane must get out . she look around , dismay . in each direction there be open moorland for as far as the eye can see . the driver set off at a good pace - glad to be rid of such a passenger . Jane put she hand to she side for she bag of belonging . it be not there . she run as fast as she can after the coach . it be recede towards the horizon . she come to a halt , objectless , lose , alone . she pull she knitted shawl around she . she leave the road and set off across the moor , into the gather dark . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 2. ext . night . the moor . Jane be on she knee by a strange overhange rock . the night sky be awesome ; the universe be all around she . she be try to calm herself with a prayer . ext . day . the moor . Jane lie on a great rock , soaking up the heat of the sun . she be like someone numb with pain . she watch a lizard crawl over the rock . she be mesmerise . ext . twilight . the moor . Jane squat in the heather and eat bilberry as the light fade . she hungrily lick the juice from she hand . ext . dawn . the moor . Jane be asleep in the heather , she shawl wrap around she . a red-haire child in a white nightgown lie by she side , watch she . it be helen burn . helen reach out . she touch Jane 's hand . Jane wake . she sit up . she be alone . ext . day . by a river . Jane be crouch on a rock watch the water go by . the sky be overcast . the first big drop of rain land on the stone . Jane make no movement . a raven land on a rock nearby . Jane be suddenly fill with a wild rage . she pick up a stone and hurl it at the bird with a raw cry . the gesture exhaust she . she watch the bird wheel away , as the rain start to pour . ext . twilight . a farm by a wood . it be raining hard . Jane see a small girl come out of the farm with some leftover . she drop they into a pigpen . CUT to : Jane lean into the pigpen . she pick a stiffen mould of porridge out of the mud . she let the rain wash it . she eat it ravenously . ext . next day . a wood . it have stop raining . Jane be huddle under a tree . she be shaking , shudder . the life have go out of she eye . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 3. ext . day . the edge of the wood . the moor rise away above she to the horizon . Jane look up at the sun start to set . the cloud be red and gold . she see a small red-haire girl in a white nightgown walk barefoot on the moor ahead of she . the girl turn , look back at Jane . with she last strength , Jane follow . ext . evening . the moor . Dark cloud be banking up ; the rain start again . Jane be struggle through a marsh . her boot be stick . she fall . her hand disappear into mud ; she face press against the earth . she do not move . she have reach the point of despair . the girl 's bare foot walk close by , as if wait for she . Jane look up . where the child should be , she see a light shine across the moor . Jane start crawl . ext . night . the moor / moor house . Jane be toil on through the lash rain towards the light . it have become a window . a brief flash of lightning show she a low stone cottage . helen burn be sit on the gate . CUT to : Jane be crawl through the narrow garden . on she knee , she peer through a window . on either side of a bright little fire sit two young woman . they look exactly like Jane ; slight , neat , dress in black . one , diana , have she hair slightly curl and hide she gentle eye behind spectacle . the other , Mary , be very young ; no more than seventeen . each have a book on she knee . they be talk intimately . they look so close , so loving and the room look so cosy that it pain Jane considerably . CUT to : Jane knock at the door . Hannah , a old servant answer . she be suspicious ; Jane look like a wretch . hannah what do you want ? Jane manage to find she voice . jane shelter . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 4. hannah I can not take in vagrant . here 's a penny . now take it and go . jane I have no strength to go . hannah you can move off . and if there be other with you tell they we be not alone . we have a gentleman here , and dog . jane ( desperate ) but I must die if I be turn away . the door slam shut . Jane let out a hopeless wail . jane ( cont 'd ) God help I . I will die . she turn away , she hope go . as she collapse , she find herself support by a strong pair of black - clad arm . ST JOHN all of God 's creature must die . but not prematurely - and not on my doorstep I hope . Jane be lift up . she find herself look into the face of the handsomest man she have ever see ; St John Rivers . he lift she over the threshold into the warmth of moor House . int . night . moor house - the kitchen . a fire be roaring in the stove . Hannah be bent over it . hannah we have have a beggar woman come , Mr Rivers . I send she - for shame ! Hannah fall silent as she see Jane . ST JOHN you do you duty in exclude she . let I do mine in admit she . he set Jane down before the hearth . she can barely stand . she be soak to the bone , filthy with mud . her skin have a ghastly pallor . diana and Mary enter . diana St John , who be it ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 5 . ST JOHN I do not know ; I find she at the door . hannah ( guiltily ) I think she one of the gypsy from the cross . mary she 's as white as death . Jane can hold herself up no longer . diana move forward . she and St John catch Jane and help she into a chair . the rain hammer on the window . diana Hannah , some water . mary she 's wear to nothing . she look like a spectre . St John , if you have not take she in , we would have fall upon she dead body in the morning . diana Mary . ST JOHN she 's no vagrant ; I be sure of it . hannah there 's milk and bread for you . Jane try to mouth she thanks . she sip the milk . eat a mouthful of bread . diana kneel at she side . ST JOHN ask she she name . jane I - I be J - Jane can not speak . she 's incapable of uttering she own name . she hear John reed 's voice call from far away . JOHN reed Jane eyre ! diana please , tell we how we may help you . ST JOHN can we send for anyone ? who be you people ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 6. the question be deeply troubling to Jane . she be lose consciousness . she see a image of a small girl of ten , run away through a great darken room . Jane try to follow she . the action draw she up out of the kitchen chair . she hear John reed 's voice again . JOHN reed ( v.o . ) Jane eyre ! where be you ? Jane , panicked , look for somewhere to hide , pass out . int . day . gateshead - a grand reception room . rain hammer against the window . Jane age ten , look hunt , run in look for somewhere to hide . she spring behind a curtain . John reed enter ; a fourteen year old , he stomach burst out of he fancy clothes . he be hold a riding crop as if it be a sword . JOHN reed come out , rat . I know you be in here . come out now and I will not punish you . Jane watch he pass by she . he practise a perfect lunge . JOHN reed ( cont 'd ) Rat . he exit . Jane breathes a sigh of relief . she slowly pull the curtain across , make the window a private sanctuary . there be a book lie on the seat . she open it . CUT to : Jane be sit cross -legge , completely absorb in she book - a beautifully draw picture of a cormorant . she run she finger over it . we hear the sound of great wave plunging on to a shore . ext . day . a arctic coast . Jane , age ten , be sit cross -legge on a isolate rock , she eye lock with that of a stooping black cormorant . St John 's voice come from a long way away . ST JOHN ( v.o . ) diana , Mary help I get she upstairs ... the cormorant raise its wing like a great black cloak . Jane watch as it take off and fly away . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 7. int . day . gateshead - the window seat . Jane have she eye close . a great Atlantic wave hit the sash window behind she , drench it with foam and brine . suddenly the curtain be pull back . John reed stand in front of she . Jane shrink back . JOHN reed I have be look for you this last ten minute . jane what do you want ? JOHN reed say forgive I , master reed . jane I have do nothing wrong . master reed . John grab the book . JOHN reed who give you permission to read my book ? jane I be not aware it be yours . JOHN reed everything in this house be mine . you be lucky to live here with gentleman 's child like we . you father have nothing . you should go and beg . Jane stare he out . John can sense she contempt . he belt she with the book . Jane hit she head on the window clasp , draw blood . she be shocked . JOHN reed ( cont 'd ) that 's for the look you have on you face . you bad animal . Jane snap . she throw herself upon he , the rage in she release ; pummelling , scratch , hurt he in any way she can . she be barely coherent . jane wick and cruel - you be a slaver - a murderer - JOHN I shall tell mother - jane I hate you John reed . I hate you - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 8. John be flabbergasted . like all bully , he be terrify . JOHN mamma ! mamma ! there 's a rat ! Rat ! Jane bite he . hard . at that moment , Mrs reed appear on the scene . John scream . we see Mrs reed 's shocked face . she be a overweight woman push forty in a bright , elaborate dress . int . night . moor house - a bedroom dinah and Mary be gently take Jane 's soaking clothes off ; one at each side of she . Jane be distress , approach a delirium . she resist they . int . dusk . gateshead - the red room . Jane be carry in and set down on a footstool by two servant , miss abbot and bessie - one at each side of she . she be still resisting . bessie for shame , hit you master . miss abbot if you do not sit still you must be tie down ! the fight go out of Jane . she sit , defeat . bessie , young and plump , quickly wipe she bleed forehead . she have some compassion . miss abbot have none . bessie what we do be for you own good . if you be passionate and rude like this , you aunt reed will send you away . miss abbot you be worse than we servant . we work for we keep ; you do nothing . pray for forgiveness miss eyre or something bad will come down that chimney and fetch you away . the door slam . they be go . Jane slowly grip the edge of the stool . the room be chill , silent . Red wall and curtain , murky in the fade light . in front of Jane , a stone fireplace gape like a mouth . beside it , a full length look - glass in which she pale reflection stare out . behind she , a bed support on pillar of mahogany , hang with red . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 9 . the pile up pillow and mattress glare in cold white . Jane 's breathe be the only sound in the room . a sudden gust send rain pelting against the window like fingernails . a distant moan of wind seem to breathe out of the black hearth . Jane revert she nervous gaze to the pitte mirror . her eye lock on the small figure trap in the mirror 's visionary hollow ; she white , bleed face , she eye glitter with fear . it be a phantom . the eye be black , the skin a deathly grey . blood . Jane 's breathe become choke with terror . she can not get she breath . we hear blood rush through she ear . it sound like the beat of great wing . slowly , a light appear over she . it may be something shine in from outside . but to Jane it seem as if it be surround she , envelop she . the figure in the look glass open its mouth . the scream , hold in so long , finally rip from Jane 's throat . int . dusk . gateshead - the fireside . at the sound of the scream , Mrs reed , slumbering , almost jump out of she skin . int . dusk . gateshead - the kitchen . miss abbott almost drop the tea tray she be carry . int . dusk . gateshead - a corridor . Jane be bang on the door , scream , hysterical with terror . bessie rush to the door and unlock it . Jane fly into she arm . bessie miss eyre what be it ? jane bessie ! bessie have you see something ? jane there be a light . we see bessie 's own fear as she glance into the dark room . Mrs reed be storming towards they , furious . mrs reed bessie , I give order that she be to be leave in the red room until I come . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 10 . bessie but she scream so loud mar 'am . mrs reed it be play-act . let she go . I know you trick Jane eyre and I abhor such artifice . loose bessie 's hand , child . Mrs reed prise Jane away from bessie as she speak . mrs reed ( cont 'd ) you will now stay here a hour longer . jane no - aunt , have pity - mrs reed and only when you be perfectly submissive will I let you out . jane please - I can not bear it - mrs reed silence . this violence be repulsive . jane I shall be kill - mrs reed get back ! jane have mercy , have mercy I beg you - Mrs reed throw she back into the room , slam the door and turn the key . we hear Jane 's unspeakable howl of terror , she anguish bang upon the door . bessie be look at Mrs reed aghast . Mrs reed wither she with a freeze glare . int . dusk . gateshead - the red room . we see Jane in she distress , hit she head on the door . she fall back . on the floor , she arm and leg move beyond she control . she be have a fit . when it be over , we see Jane unconscious . she be lie in a pool of ghostly light . int . day . moor house - a bedroom . through the light , Jane see Mary and diana Rivers at she side . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 11 . mary she 's awake . St John approach in he parson 's collar , block out the light as he look down . Jane gaze at he remotely . ST JOHN I be sure we will find she 's simply have a misunderstanding with she people . I hope she 's not do anything deplorable ; there 's nothing so sad as a fall young woman . mary look at the suffer in she eye . they be like dark pool - diana smile at Mary 's tendency to over- dramatise . diana she have a peculiar face ; I rather like it . ST JOHN she 's not at all handsome . diana she 's so ill , St John . ST JOHN Ill or well , she will always be plain . Jane 's eye slide away from he and close . int . day . gateshead - the morning room . a bright morning . a huge clergyman dress in black be stare down at Jane , block out the sun . we see he from she Pov ; he expansive chest , dramatic facial hair , huge flare nostril , frown brow . he be brockelhurst , the epitome of grim . brocklehurst there be no sight so sad and so deplorable as that of a wick little girl . do you know , Jane eyre , where the wick go after death ? jane they go to hell . brocklehurst and what be hell , can you tell I that ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 12 . jane a pit full of fire . brocklehurst and should you like to fall into that pit and be burn there forever ? jane no sir . brocklehurst what must you do to avoid it ? jane I must keep in good health and not die . Mrs reed be by the fireside in a ultra-feminine dress . she put down she tea cup in irritation . mrs reed I have be she sole benefactress and she kindest friend . but she show no gratitude and bring nothing but discord into my house . brocklehurst what be she parentage ? mrs reed she 's a orphan . her mother be my late husband 's sister . on he deathb he exhort I to care for she . I have always treat she as one of my own . Jane silently revolt against this lie . mrs reed ( cont 'd ) if you accept she at lowood school Mr brocklehurst , keep a strict eye on she . her worst fault be a tendency to deceit . I be sorry to tell you that Jane eyre be a liar . Jane 's eye flash with outrage . brocklehurst all liar will have they portion in the lake burn with fire and brimstone . she shall be watch , Mrs reed . mrs reed I wish she to be make useful , to be keep humble . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 13 . brocklehurst you can rest assure dear lady that we mortify we girl in the sentiment of vanity and pride . they be teach to be quiet , plain and modest . a passion of resentment be form in Jane . brocklehurst ( cont 'd ) we shall root out the wickedness in this small , ungrateful plant . Mrs reed smile sweetly . mrs reed and as for its vacation , it must spend they all at lowood . int . day . gateshead - the entrance hall . Jane be climb the staircase . John reed block she way . JOHN so , Rat , you be be send away . it 's as I think ; you be not fit to associate with I . Jane snap . she cry out : jane you be not fit to associate with I ! int . day . gateshead - the morning room . Mrs reed be at she desk . Jane appear in front of she . jane you say I be a liar . well I be not . if I be , I should say that I love you and I do not . I dislike you the worst of anybody in the world except John reed . he be a liar , not I . mrs reed how dare you speak in this manner . jane I will never call you aunt again as long as I live and if anyone ask how I like you I will say that the very think of you make I sick . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 14 . mrs reed you would not dare . jane I will remember how you thrust I back into the Red room and lock I there to my die day . even when you know it be haunt and I begge to be let out . people think you be good but you be bad and hard - heart and I will let everyone at lowood know what you have do ! mrs reed Children must be correct for they fault . jane deceit be not my fault ! mrs reed but you be passionate . jane my uncle reed be in heaven and can see all that you do and think ; so can my mother and father . they know how you hate I and wish I dead . they can see . they see everything you do and they will judge you , Mrs reed . Mrs reed have turn quite pale . Jane blaze with victory . ext . day . gateshead - the gate house . bessie be wait with Jane while she belonging be load onto a public coach , its top laden with passenger . bessie you be such a queer , solitary little thing . if only you could make yourself more appeal . perhaps if you try smile from time to time , people would find you more pleasant - jane do not scold I bessie . I know you dislike I - bessie I do not dislike you miss ; I be fonder of you than of anyone . jane you do not show it . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 15 . bessie miss Jane - Jane throw she arm around bessie and embrace she with great force . bessie return the embrace , surprised , move . Jane get into the coach . bessie look up at the driver . bessie ( cont 'd ) you take good care of she . Jane 's small , pale face peer out of the coach window , watch gateshead recede . she do not cry . but bessie can not stave off she tear . int . night . lowood - the hall . Jane , half asleep be carry out of a coach and into a howling gale . she be take under a stone inscription : ` lowood institution ' . she be set down in front of a woman with strike feature and intelligent eye ; miss Temple . she bend down and look into Jane 's face . miss temple what 's you name , child ? jane Jane eyre . miss temple you be very young to be send alone , Jane eyre . she gently touch Jane 's cheek with she finger . Jane manage the ghost of a smile . int . day . moor house - a bedroom . Jane be lie back against clean white pillow . her hair brush and neatly plait . diana and Mary be full of kindness but St John 's face be cold , dispassionate . jane my name be Jane Elliott ... mary Jane elliot . diana where do you come from , miss Elliott ? Jane give no answer . ST JOHN who can we send for to help you ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 16 . jane no one . there be a intake of breath from Mary . ST JOHN do you mean to say that you be absolutely without home and without friend ? jane yes sir . ST JOHN how do you come to be roam the moor , miss Elliott ? diana do not upset she , St John . she must not be interrogate so . jane Mr Rivers , you and you sister have do I a great service , the great man can do - you have rescue I from death . ST JOHN how be we to help you if we know nothing about you ? jane I will tell you as much as I can . I be a orphan ; bring up a dependent ; educate in a charity school where I pass six year as a pupil and two as a teacher . I leave a year since to become a private governess - mary yes - jane a good situation , where I remain until ... mary diana , do not I say so ? do not I say she be a governess ? diana we do wonder . we mean no offence but you have a certain look . Mary and I work as governess too . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 17 . jane ( with great interest ) do you ? mary we be currently try to teach ourselves german , so we may find better position . jane you be not work at present ? diana we come home only for we father 's funeral . mary he die three week ago . jane I be very sorry to hear it . St John have no patience with the change of subject . ST JOHN why do you leave you place of employment ? Jane sink back in the pillow . jane I ... it be a catastrophe . ST JOHN what do you do ? jane I be free from any blame , sir . I be happy . Jane be deeply distress . diana that 's enough for now , St John . mary you must rest , miss Elliott . the name sound strange to Jane . ST JOHN why do you start ? jane because that be not my name . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 18 . diana you have not give we you real name ? Jane shake she head . ST JOHN why not ? jane because I must not ever be find . diana and Mary glance at each other , fascinate . int . evening . moor house - the bedroom Jane be dress herself . she stop , weakly hold the back of a chair for support , look out of the window at the sun set over the hill . ST JOHN ( v.o . ) merciful Jesus , enlighten thou I with the brightness of thine inward light ... int . evening . moor house - the stair diana be help Jane down the stair . ST JOHN ( v.o . ) and take away all darkness from the habitation of my heart ... int . evening . moor house - the parlour St John be praying over Jane , diana and Mary as they sit at the table . Mary catch Jane 's eye , give she shy smile . ST JOHN join I to thyself with a inseparable band of love ... for thou , even thou alone , dost satisfy he that loveth thee ... Jane find herself stare at St John , who pray ardently . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) and without thee all thing be vain and empty . amen . St John open he eye and look searchingly at Jane . she immediately look down . jane , mary , diana amen . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 19 . diana welcome to we table , miss Elliott . jane I would appreciate it if you call I Jane . it be my own name . mary it 's wonderful to see you on you foot , miss Jane . Jane turn she attention to St John . jane I trust I will not be eat long at you expense , Mr Rivers . ST JOHN you wish to be independent of my charity ? jane I wish to work , sir . show I how to work or how to seek work ; that 's all I ask . diana you be not fit enough to work . ST JOHN my sister have always take pleasure in keep injure bird but I be more inclined to put you in a way of keep yourself - and shall endeavour to do so , if that 's what you wish . jane with all my heart , sir . diana it 's a shame she have no choice of helper , St John , and must put up with such crusty people as you . ST JOHN this school you be at , miss elliot , this charitable institution ; what do it prepare you for ? CUT to : we see a bundle of sharp twig come down on a girl 's bare neck , like a whip . CUT to : Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 20 . Jane flinch at the memory . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) be it a thorough education ? jane most thorough . int . day . lowood - the hall . miss scatcherd 's bitter life be in she face and voice . miss scatcherd burn , helen burn ! Jane , age ten , look up . she be wear a brown stuff frock with a puritanical cap like all the other girl . silence reign in the school hall . a red haire girl of about thirteen stand up ; helen burn . miss scatcherd hold up a apron in which a hole have be mistakenly cut . miss scatcherd ( cont 'd ) you be a slattern and a disgrace ! helen burn undoe the back of she dress . the punishment be give ; a dozen sharp , sting whacks with the birch twig . Jane be appal . but to she astonishment and awe , helen burn do not cry ; she barely change she expression . as the stroke go on - seven , eight , nine - helen seem like one in a trance . Jane be deeply affect . on the eleventh stroke , the door burst open and a visit party walk in : the brocklehurst family . miss Temple escort two young girl dress in peacock finery and two smart , bombastic lady . Mr brocklehurst follow . hele n 's punishment be forget as the student rush to they foot . Jane , in a panic , drop she slate and break it . brocklehurst 's eye sweep the room . they land on she . brocklehurst I might have know . the new girl . step forward , Jane eyre . fill with dread , Jane step forward . brocklehurst ( cont 'd ) it be my duty dear child , to warn you that this girl be not one of God 's own lamb . we see the look of frustration on miss Temple 's face . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 21 . brocklehurst ( cont 'd ) she be a castaway and a alien in he flock and you must be on you guard against she . for this child ... be a liar ! he point to a tall stool . Jane stand on it . brocklehurst ( cont 'd ) this be the pedestal of infamy - and you will remain upon it all day . you will receive no sustenance and no comfort , for you must learn how barren be the life of the sinner . Children , I exhort you to shun she , exclude she , shut she out from this day forth . withhold the hand of friendship and deny you love to Jane eyre , the liar . int . day . lowood - the hall - later . the hall be empty but for the small figure of Jane , high on she stool , feel she isolation like pain . across the room be the slightly bigger figure of helen , hunch , the back of she dress still open , the skin on she neck raw . the sun be set . at last Jane start to sob . helen come now , do not cry . jane you be not allow to speak to I . I must be shunne . helen Mr brocklehurst be not a God . he 's not like or admire here - jane he say I be a liar . helen jane - jane I be not a liar ! helen if you own conscience approve you , then so will I . Jane be deeply gratify . jane how do you bear it ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 22 . helen bear what ? jane be strike . helen I be a trial to miss scatcherd . she hit I to improve I . jane if she hit I I would get that birch from she hand and break it under she nose . helen you would just be punish even more . it 's part of life here . jane I have always be exclude and alone and hate . miss abbott use to call I a ugly little toad . helen approach Jane . helen you be not ugly . do you know what be inside you ? jane what ? helen the spark of you spirit , the principle of light and think , pure and bright , as perfect as anything create . jane what do you mean ? helen you soul . you soul be beautiful , you soul have value - more value than anything on earth . jane be that true ? helen yes . God see you beauty . even as you stand on that stool , there be a invisible world around you , a kingdom of spirit . it be everywhere . angel see you pain . angel know you innocence . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 23. jane angel ? helen smile a wide smile . helen do you not believe in angel ? they hear the door . helen run back to she place ; cower . miss Temple appear in a shaft of light at the door . miss temple come here , Girls . the girl approach , dread more punishment . miss temple ( cont 'd ) I shall investigate Mr brocklehurst 's claim against you , Jane . and unless they be prove , you will be exonerate . miss Temple look over she shoulder . miss temple ( cont 'd ) also , I understand you girl have have no food today . she quickly press a slice of hard cake into each girl 's hand and walk away . Jane and helen look at one another , deeply move by she kindness . ext . day . moor house - the garden / moor . Jane stand between diana and Mary high above moor House . they be dress similarly in bonnet and cloak . they watch a hawk dive , they head move in unison . they eye land upon moor House . mary we have live here all we life but the house must be shut up now . jane why ? mary we can not afford to keep it on . diana and I will return to we charge in a few day and St John will go to he parsonage . down below they , St John leave moor House and walk towards the village . Jane watch he . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 24 . diana it will be a hard parting for we . we may not see he again for year . jane why ever not ? mary he mean to be a missionary . he 's go to India to do god 's work . jane can he not do God 's work here ? mary this quiet parish will never do for he ; he almost rave in he restlessness . it break we heart . diana St John burn with talent and ambition . but he lack the mean for advancement here . we poverty thwart he at every turn and so he have choose to lay all he gift on God 's altar . mary we have try to persuade he to stay but in some thing we brother be - he be - diana inexorable as death . mary we be now without father . we will soon be without home and brother . Jane feel a powerful compassion for they . jane in one thing you be fortunate . she look over at the horizon . jane ( cont 'd ) you have each other . ext . day . lowood - the ground . spring . Jane be look at the high wall which be the horizon of she world at lowood . her eye come to rest on the main door . two man be carry a small coffin out of the school . brocklehurst follow it with a menthol - soak cloth over he mouth and nose . he become aware of Jane 's eye on he . he look away . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 25 . int . night . lowood - the dormitory . Jane be creep down a corridor in she night dress . she peer in through the dormitory door . it have be turn into a sanitarium . camphor and vinegar be be burnt . Jane can hardly look at the sick girl . miss Temple , pale with exhaustion , be speak intimately to Madame pierrot , the french mistress . Jane overhear . miss temple this be the result of semi - starvation and neglect cold ; brockelhurst 's idea of mortify they body to save they soul . typhus - miss Temple can not say more . madame pierrot write to the governor . you must . Jane creep on . int . night . lowood - miss temple's room . Jane open the door . a small bed have be set up at the foot of miss Temple 's . in it lie helen burn . a candle be set on a table at she side . Jane take she hand . jane helen . helen be it you , Jane ? have you come to say goodbye ? jane you be cold . helen I be very happy . I be go home . jane back to you father ? helen my father have a new wife . he will not miss I much . jane then where ? helen to my future home , where all be light . I be go to God . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 26 . jane no ... Jane be devastate . she climb into bed next to helen . for a moment , they hold each other . Jane 's tear silently fall . helen do not be sad . I will escape great suffer by die young . jane no ... helen I do not have any talent to make my way in life . I should be always at fault . but God be my friend . he love I . jane then he must save you . helen he be save I . Jane cannot articulate she distress at helen 's word . helen ( cont 'd ) I feel like I could sleep now . I like to have you near - jane I will not leave you . helen you be so warm and alive . Jane , you have a passion for live . int . day . lowood - miss temple's room . we see miss Temple look down at the bed in the dazzle , morning light . Jane , waking , have she small arm around helen , as if fiercely protect she . helen be ashen , she eye open , stare at some unseen thing . she be dead . miss Temple lift Jane away . miss temple Jane ... Jane realise what have happen . we hear the sound of she distress begin . she be inconsolable . jane no , no , no - mary ( v.o . ) Jane ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 27 . int . day . moor house - the parlour . Jane be stare out at the Autumn rain . she surreptitiously wipe she tear away and smile up at Mary . jane have you something for I to do ? mary you be do something already . May I see ? Jane hand she a book . she have draw a bride . jane that 's miss Temple on she wedding day . she be my teacher ; a great influence on I . under she guidance I become a teacher too . Mary turn the page . it show a sketch of St John Rivers . Mary gasp in delight . she take the book straight to St John , who be diligently work at he desk . mary St John - jane no , Mary , please - mary see how skilled Jane be . St John look at the sketch of himself . he be quite take aback . he look over at Jane , who be quite embarrassed . mary ( cont 'd ) she be better than any draw master we have ever have . for a moment , St John seem to be weigh up whether to be insulted or not . ST JOHN how fierce I be , miss Elliott . jane Mr Rivers , I wonder if you have yet hear of any work that I could do . ST JOHN I find you a situation some day ago but I have delay tell you because the work be lowly and I fear you will scorn it . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 28 . jane I sha not mind what I do . ST JOHN as I be poor and obscure , the help I can offer be of the meanest sort . diana St John , what be you go to offer she ? not washerwoman , I hope ? ST JOHN when I take over the parish two year ago it have no school . I open one for boy ; I now intend to open one for girl . the school mistress will have a two - room cottage pay for by local benefactor and she will receive fifteen pound a year . you can see how humble , how ignoble it be . on the contrary , Jane be deeply gratify . jane Mr Rivers , I thank you heartily and I accept with all my heart . ST JOHN but you comprehend I ? it 's a village school - cottager daughter . what will you do with all you fine accomplishment ? jane I will save they until they be want . they will keep . Jane smile at he . St John be impressed . int . day . morton - the school room . Jane be at the blackboard in a freshly paint school room . in front of she be about twenty village girl , age from six to sixteen . they be hang on she every word . Jane be write a neat line of ' a 's . int . night . morton - jane's cottage . Jane 's first home be like a doll 's house . she walk through it from the whitewash bedroom with its little single bed , through the parlour with its tiny fireplace into the scullery kitchen . she retrace she step back into the parlour . she turn round and survey it . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 29 . silence but for the crackle of the fire and the blow of the wind . she feel glad , grateful , but very , very alone . she hear brocklehurst 's voice . brocklehurst I hear you be to leave we , miss eyre . she spin around as if he be there . ext . day . a churchyard . brocklehurst be at the church door ; Jane look at he coldly . she hold a bunch of wild flower . jane yes . Excuse I . she walk into the graveyard . there be over forty small grave mark with wooden cross , each bear a child 's name . one of they say helen burn . Jane lay down she flower . she look up at brocklehurst . he can not meet she eye . we hear the voice of Mrs fairfax . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) if Jane eyre of lowood School ... int . night . morton - jane's cottage . Jane try to quell she great unhappiness . she spring into action , straighten she furniture , stoke she fire . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) ... who advertise in the Yorkshire Herald , possess the acquirement mention ... ext . day . a roadside . Jane , young and more hopeful , with she belonging in a small trunk , await a approach public coach . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) ... and if she be in a position to give satisfactory reference , a situation can be offer where there be but one pupil , a little girl under ten year of age and where the salary be thirty pound a year . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 30 . ext . day . morton - jane's cottage . Jane be in she scullery put all she energy into scrubbing dish . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) Jane eyre be request to send reference and all particular to Mrs fairfax at thornfield Hall . Jane close she eye , try to banish she thought . it be no good . the memory crowd in . int . night . thornfield - the ground floor . a smile lady dress in black approach she through the darkness - Mrs Alice fairfax . mrs fairfax how do you do , my dear ? what a long and tedious journey you must have have of it . John be quite the slowest driver in the county . you must be cold to the bone . jane be you Mrs fairfax ? mrs fairfax indeed I be ; come and warm yourself in here . Mrs fairfax lead Jane up the dark corridor and into a cosy parlour . leah , a young maidservant , follow . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) you poor hand must be quite numb ; here , let I help you . Mrs fairfax undoe the ribbon on Jane 's bonnet . Jane be take aback , unused to motherliness of any kind . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) leah , make a little hot port and cut a sandwich or two . leah eye Jane with great curiosity . she hurry away . mrs fairfax draw nearer the fire . John be take you trunk up to you room . knitt apparatus lie abandon on a fireside chair . Mrs fairfax move it and gesture for Jane to sit . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 31 . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) I have put you at the back of the house ; I hope you do not mind . the room at the front have much finer furniture but they be so gloomy and solitary I think . Jane can not help notice that every surface be cover in lace , embroidery , or fine crochet . the whole room be a advertisement for Mrs fairfax 's skill at handicraft - and testament to the hour she have spend alone . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) I be so glad you be come . to be sure this be a fine old house but I must confess that in winter one can feel a little dreary and alone . leah be a very nice girl and John and martha good people too , but they be servant - and one cannot talk to they on term of equality . jane be I to have the pleasure of meeting miss fairfax tonight ? mrs fairfax who ? jane miss fairfax - my pupil ? mrs fairfax oh you mean miss varen ; Mr Rochester 's ward . she be to be you pupil . jane who be Mr Rochester ? mrs fairfax why , the owner of thornfield . jane I think thornfield Hall belong to you . mrs fairfax ( burst into laughter ) oh bless you child , what a idea . to I ? I be only the housekeeper . jane forgive I - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 32 . mrs fairfax there be a distant connection between Mr Rochester and I - he mother be a fairfax - but I would never presume on it . heavens , I , owner of thornfield ? she continue to laugh . a bashful smile be play on Jane 's lip . Mrs fairfax be beginning to thaw she . int . night . thornfield - the hall / staircase . Mrs fairfax be carry a lamp across the great hall ; the only light . Jane can perceive grandeur loom out of the darkness ; jacobean fireplace , coat of arm , head of a stag . very gloomy , eerie . her breath be vaporise in the cold . mrs fairfax we shall have a cheerful house this winter ... as Jane follow Mrs fairfax up the stair , light be throw on portrait of dour , craggy , long dead ancestor . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) with miss varen here - and with you - we will have quite a merry time of it . int . night . thornfield - a long gallery . Dark heavy drape , another strike portrait . a dark , voluptuous woman in a 18th century gown , ruby lipped , one full breast expose . Jane glance away , take aback by the woman 's bold expression and she nakedness . mrs fairfax I be sure that last winter - and what a severe one - if it do not rain it snow and if it do not snow it blow a gale - last winter I declare that not a soul come to the house from November to February . Mrs fairfax lead Jane through the wood - panell darkness . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) I get quite melancholy night after night alone . when spring finally come I think it a great relief that I have not go distract . she open the door to a small but delightful room . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 33 . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) here . Jane look in : a fire burn , a lamp light by she bed , a soft quilt , pale chintz curtain . jane oh - she be utterly speechless . her eight year of physical discomfort and hardship be over . mrs fairfax good night , my dear . I hope you will be comfy . jane thank you . Mrs fairfax can see how affect she be - and how hard she be try to button it down . int . next morning . thornfield - jane's bedroom . Jane open the curtain . she draw she breath in at the sight of the grounds . they be beautiful . int . day . thornfield - the drawing room . Jane enter a magnificent room . Mrs fairfax be dusting . jane what a beautiful house . mrs fairfax Mr Rochester 's visit here be always unexpected . he do not like to arrive and find everything all swathed up , so I keep it in constant readiness . now , come and meet miss varen . do I mention she be french ? int . day . thornfield - the library . Adele varen , a exquisitely dress child of eight , be chat animatedly to Jane and Mrs fairfax . at she side be Sophie , she nurse - a desperately shy and lonely girl . adele ( in french ) Sophie have be cry because no one understand . nobody can speak to we except for Mr Rochester and he have go away . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 34 . mrs fairfax would you ask she about she parent ? Mr Rochester 's neglect to tell I anything about she . jane ( in french ) where do you live Adele , before you come to thornfield ? adele ( in french ) with maman - but she be go to the Holy virgin now . jane her mother have pass away . adele ( in french ) maman use to teach I to dance and say verse . when gentleman come to see she I use to dance for they or sit on they knee and sing . May I sing for you now ? jane ( in french ) well - that would be lovely . ( to Mrs fairfax ) Adele be go to show we she accomplishment . Adele adopt a lovelorn pose . she sing a operetta song ; a forsaken lady plotting vengeance on she lover . her high voice warble with pretend emotion . the effect be rather weird . Jane and Mrs fairfax watch , open-mouthed . mrs fairfax how very french ... int . night . thornfield - mrs fairfax's parlour . Adele 's song continue as a voiceover . Mrs fairfax be finish a shawl . Jane be show Adele picture of little object that she have sketch . Adele name they in English . the song end . Jane give Adele a sketch of herself . adele I ! it be I ! Mrs fairfax shake out the finish shawl and put it round Jane 's shoulder , depart before Jane can protest . mrs fairfax here . for you . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 35 . Jane be delighted at the kindness of the gift . int . night . thornfield - the long gallery Jane hold a candle , the shawl around she ; the moan sound of a gale outside . she hold she candle up to the portrait of the voluptuous woman . she stare at it curious , both as a girl and as a artist . she bring the candle close , to see how the brushwork have achieve the effect of flesh . she hear a low , know laugh in the darkness behind she . she be startle . jane who 's there ? her own huge shadow be the only thing that move . she hear the laugh again . she follow it through the darkness , alert with fear . a door click shut at the end of the corridor . to she relief Jane see Mrs fairfax approach with a lamp . jane ( cont 'd ) who sleep up here ? mrs fairfax no one . this part of the house be quite empty , except for you and I . jane I hear someone . mrs fairfax you can not have do . jane a laugh . someone laugh . Mrs fairfax flounder for a second . mrs fairfax oh - that must be Grace poole . she like to sit up here with she sewing . Rather a eccentric soul . ( she shout sharply ) Grace ? Grace ! a door open . Jane see a broad - face woman with slow , intelligent eye . she look as if she have just wake up . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) miss eyre have hear a laugh . Grace look at Jane with sly curiosity . she leave the sewing room and open a door through which a flight of steep step be reveal . Grace climb they and disappear . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 36 . ext . day . thornfield - the lead . Jane be on the turrete roof , look up at the caw rook - and down at the view ; a white , frost wilderness . Jane sense a presence behind she . she quickly turn . Mrs fairfax be come through the rooftop door . mrs fairfax I think I might find you up here . I have be wait to pour we tea . jane I be not in need of tea , thank you . Mrs fairfax approach , concerned . mrs fairfax what be it , child ? you have be here three month now and I be worried that the position be not enough / to occupy you - jane oh , Mrs fairfax , no . I be so thankful to be at thornfield . please do not think I be so ungrateful as to be discontented . mrs fairfax but it 's a quiet life , be not it ? this isolate house ; a still doom for a young woman ... Jane look out at the view once more . jane I wish a woman could have action in she life , like a man . it agitate I to pain that the sky - line over there be ever we limit . I long sometimes for a power of vision that would overpass it . if I could behold all I imagine ... I have never see a city , never speak with man . I have never even see a town of any size . and I fear my whole life will pass , without ever have ... Mrs fairfax 's troubled look make Jane fall silent . Mrs fairfax look as if she be about to say something - then put on she practical face , the moment of intimacy go . mrs fairfax well now - exercise be a great cure for anything , they say . ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 37 . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) I have some letter to post ; will you take they ? ext . day . a frozen meadow . Jane be walk with purpose , carry a bundle of letter . the exercise be lift she spirit . the sun be sink , turn the frost gold . ext . day . a frozen wood . a brook run close to the path ; half freeze . its slow trickle be the only sound to be hear . Jane move slowly , acutely aware of everything around she . further into the wood , the brook have freeze right across the path . Jane slip on it as she pass . the noise of she foot echoe . she steady herself . she gaze at a huddle of snowdrop , they head bow . a crystal drop of water run to the end of a snowdrop and begin to freeze as she watch . it be hold suspend as if the whole winter be contain in it . the moon be mount the sky . Jane hear a sound like the beat of wing . the blood be rush through she ear . her trance be break by the figure of a great dog - which glide past she so close it almost knock she off she foot . the beat be loud ; not wing she realise , but the rush of a approach horse . it be almost on top of she before she can move . her shocked , pale face , she black garment startle both horse and rider . rochester what the deuce - the rider get the horse under control and continue , only to have he horse slip on the ice . both man and horse fall with a crash . the dog begin to bark , until the hill echo with the sound . the horse be on one side ; the man be lie , trap beneath it on the ice ; Edward fairfax Rochester . rochester ( cont 'd ) hellfire . Jane be confound . rochester ( cont 'd ) Pilot , get down ! get down I say ! jane can I do anything , sir ? Rochester stare at she ; a tiny black figure , surround by darken frost , the low moon behind she . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 38 . rochester get back . Jane do not move . Rochester turn to he horse . rochester ( cont 'd ) mesrour . mesrour . with much stamp and clatter , the horse clamber to its foot . Rochester seem relieved . he try to stand himself . his ankle will bear no weight . he let out a involuntary cry . it echoe : rochester ( cont 'd ) damnation . jane be you injure , sir ? Rochester look at she once more . he manage to get himself off the ice . he sit on a nearby stile . Jane approach he . she now have the moon on she face . she begin to look less like a phantom and more like a girl . jane ( cont 'd ) if you be hurt and want help I can fetch someone from the village . I be on my way there to post a letter . Rochester look as if he do not believe she . rochester where do you come from ? jane thornfield Hall . rochester whose house be that ? jane Mr Rochester 's . rochester do you know Mr Rochester ? jane no , I have never see he . Rochester be try to place she . she be a puzzle to he . rochester you be not a servant there ... jane I be the governess , sir . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 39 . rochester the governess . ( a slow smile ) deuce take I , I have forget . examine Jane once more , he laugh a low laugh . rochester ( cont 'd ) the governess . Jane do not like to be laugh at . rochester ( cont 'd ) have you get a umbrella I can use as a stick ? jane no . rochester then try to get hold of he bridle and lead he to I . Jane do not like he imperious tone . she look at the horse ; huge , trample , nervous . Rochester be amused . rochester ( cont 'd ) if you would be so kind ... Jane obey . she endeavour to catch the bridle but the horse rear away . Jane fall on the ice . Rochester burst out laugh . Jane pick herself up . rochester ( cont 'd ) perhaps it would be easier to bring I to the horse . come here . Jane resist . rochester ( cont 'd ) forgive I . I must beg of you to come here . Jane approach . Rochester instantly lean all he weight on she . she almost crumple under it ; the first time she have ever touch and be touch by a man . she hold he up . and walk he closer to he horse . rochester ( cont 'd ) mesrour . the horse approach he . Rochester calm it . he spring into the saddle , grimace as he wrench he sprain . rochester ( cont 'd ) thank you . ( he bow . ) now , make haste with you letter . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 40 . Rochester 's spur heel make the horse start and rear . Jane step back . the horse bound away , the dog rush in its trace . all three disappear . Jane do not move until the sound of hoof have fade away . her face be flushed , she eye glitter in the dark . I /e. night . thornfield - the front entrance /hall . Jane run up to the front door . she push it open . to she amazement , there be a fire burn in the stone fireplace . the whole hall be light . the double door be open into the library . Mrs fairfax be hurriedly approach . mrs fairfax Mr Rochester be here . jane oh ? mrs fairfax go and change you frock ; he wish to meet you . jane I have to change ? mrs fairfax oh yes - I always dress for the evening when Mr Rochester be here . jane but all my dress be the same . mrs fairfax ( desperately ) you must have one that be better ? he 's in a terrible humour ; the doctor have be . his horse fall in Hay lane and he ankle be sprain . Mrs fairfax anxiously hurry back into the library . a large dog wander out . Jane find herself look at Pilot . she smile . int . night . thornfield - the library . Jane enter . Rochester be in front of a superb fire - one foot bandage and support on a stool . Pilot be at he foot - and so be Adele , gaze adoringly at he . Rochester be look through Jane 's portfolio of sketches and watercolour . Jane feel utterly expose - as if she diary be be read . Mrs fairfax timidly interrupt . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 41 . mrs fairfax here be miss eyre , sir. rochester ( without look up ) let she sit . Jane sit . Rochester continue to study she work . rochester ( cont 'd ) I have examine Adele and I find you have take great pain with she . she 's not bright , she have no talent - yet in a short time she 's make much improvement . Adele be gaze at he uncomprehend , she face radiant . jane thank you . rochester you have be resident here three month ? jane yes , sir . rochester and from whence do you hail ; what 's you tale of woe ? jane pardon ? rochester all governess have a tale of woe ; what 's yours ? jane ( slightly insult ) I be bring up by my aunt , Mrs reed of gateshead , in a house far finer than this . at ten year old I go to lowood school where I receive as good a education as I could hope for . I have no tale of woe , sir . rochester where be you parent ? jane Dead . rochester do you remember they ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 42 . jane no . rochester and why be you not with Mrs reed of gateshead now ? jane she cast I off , sir . rochester why ? jane because I be burdensome and she dislike I . rochester lowood ; that 's a charity school , be not it ? jane yes . rochester how long do you survive there ? jane eight year . rochester no tale of woe ... mrs fairfax I daily thank providence for send we miss eyre . she 's a kind and patient teacher and a invaluable / companion - rochester do not trouble yourself to give she a character . I will judge for myself . she begin by fell my horse . mrs fairfax Sir ? rochester I have she to thank for this sprain . Mrs fairfax look at Jane , bewilder . Rochester lift one of she watercolour . rochester ( cont 'd ) Adele have bring I this ; be they yours ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 43 . jane yes sir . a swollen sea . a cormorant , a golden bracelet hold in its beak . a girl 's arm come out of the water , white and deathly , she drown figure underneath . rochester where do you get you copy ? jane out of my head . rochester that head I now see on you shoulder ? jane yes sir . he turn the next . the top of a hill . a expanse of twilight sky . rising up , a girl 's shape , she forehead crown with a star , red hair flow ; helen burn . rochester who 's this ? jane the evening star . Rochester give she a direct gaze . rochester why do you bewitch my horse ? Jane can not reply . int . day . thornfield - the nursery . Jane be by the blackboard , where she be write sum . adele tonight I will have my cadeaux . he always bring I a cadeaux . Mrs fairfax breathlessly enter . mrs fairfax sorry to disturb . he 's ask for you art . Jane look at she in disbelief . jane what for ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 44 . mrs fairfax he wish to have it . jane why ? mrs fairfax to show to he company , I should think . be this it here ? thank you . Jane watch helplessly as Mrs fairfax take she portfolio . int . day . thornfield - the hall / landing . Jane be crossing the landing hold Adele 's hand . downstair , the library door swing wide open . the sound of male laughter can be hear ; gentleman walk out into the hall . Rochester follow , walk with a stick . adele monsieur ! all eye turn upon the landing . Jane try to find a shadow to back into but there be none . Adele curtsy . rochester ah , there she be ... it be unclear whether he be refer to Adele or Jane . he make a bow . the man be stare at Jane with great curiosity . it make she uncomfortable . she tug Adele away . int . night . thornfield - the drawing room . a box tie with ribbon sit on the table . adele ma boite , mar boite ! Rochester be lean against the mantelpiece , drink . rochester take it away you genuine daughter of Paris and amuse yourself with disembowelling it . mrs fairfax we will open it together , shall we ? Mrs fairfax kindly lead Adele away . Jane be about to cross the room with they . rochester miss eyre . sit there . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 45 . he gesture to a chair by the fire . Jane obey . she study Rochester . he be intent on Adele , who be pull a pink satin dress out of the box . rochester ( cont 'd ) I be not fond of child . adele oh ciel ! que c'est beau ! rochester nor do I particularly enjoy simple - minded old lady . but you might suit I - if you would . jane how , sir ? rochester by distracting I from the mire of my thought . Adele , irrepressible , run across the room embrace the dress . she drop on one knee at Rochester 's foot . adele monsieur , je vous remercie mille fois de votre bonte ... she look up , seek he approval . adele ( cont 'd ) that be how maman use to say , be it not ? rochester precisely . mrs fairfax let 's try it on , shall we ? Adele skip off with Mrs fairfax . rochester ( to himself ) and that be how she charme my English gold out of my English breech pocket . Rochester notice how keenly Jane be observe he . rochester ( cont 'd ) you gaze be very direct , miss eyre ? d' you think I handsome ? jane no sir . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 46 . Rochester laugh . jane ( cont 'd ) I be too plain ; I beg you pardon . rochester what fault do you find with I ? I have all my limb and all my feature - jane Mr Rochester , it be a blunder . I ought to have reply that beauty be of little consequence - rochester now you stick a knife under my ear - jane you have other quality , sir . rochester just so ; other quality ... when I be you age I be a fell enough fellow . I might have be insulted then . you be blush miss eyre . jane not at all . rochester and though you be not pretty any more than I be handsome , I must say it become you . ( he laugh ) and now I see you be fascinate by the flower on the rug . Jane sense he mockery . rochester ( cont 'd ) I would like to draw you out . come , speak to I . jane what about , sir ? rochester the choice of subject be entirely yours . jane how can I introduce a subject when I do not know what ' will interest you ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 47 . rochester the fact be , miss eyre , I do not wish to treat you like a inferior . jane yet you would command I to speak ? rochester well I probably have a right to be a little abrupt and exact on the grounds of my superiority in age . there must be twenty year between we and a century 's advance in experience . jane I do not think you have a right to command I just because you be older . you claim to superiority depend on the use you have make of you time and experience . rochester I have make indifferent use of both . and this be why I sit , gall by my own thought - and order you to divert I . be you very hurt by my tone of command ? Jane smile . jane there be few master who would trouble to enquire whether they pay subordinate be hurt by they command . rochester oh yes ... pay subordinate ; I would forget the salary . well on that mercenary ground , will you consent to speak with I as my equal - without think that the request arise from insolence ? jane I would never mistake informality for insolence , sir . one , I rather like . the other , nothing free bear should ever submit to - even for a salary . rochester humbug . most free-born thing would submit to anything for a salary . but I mentally shake hand with you for you answer . ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 48 . rochester ( cont 'd ) not three in three thousand schoolgirl governess would have answer I as you have just do . jane you have clearly not spend much time in the company of schoolgirl governess . I be the same plain kind of bird as all the rest , with my couple of accomplishment and my common tale of woe . rochester I envy you . jane how ? rochester you openness , you clear conscience , you unpollute mind . if I be eighteen I think we truly would be equal . nature mean I to be a good man , one of the better kind and as you see , I be not so . jane be you a villain then , sir ? rochester I be a trite commonplace sinner , hackneyed in all the dissipation that the rich and worthless try to put on life . ( he sigh ) when I be you age , fate deal I a blow . I be - curse with a burden to carry through life . I lack the wisdom to remain cool and I turn desperate . dread remorse , miss eyre . it be the poison of life . Rochester take in she open , compassionate face . rochester ( cont 'd ) and since happiness be deny I , I have a right to get pleasure in its stead . and I will get it , cost what it may . jane then you will degenerate still more . rochester be you preaching to I ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 49 . jane I be remind you of you own word ; remorse be the poison of life . rochester but , miss eyre , if the pleasure I be seek be sweet and fresh ; if it be a inspiration ; if it wear the robe of a angel of light ... what then ? jane I do not know . to speak truth , I do not understand you at all . rochester my heart have long be a charnel house . perhaps it will transform into a shrine . jane Sir , I find the conversation have get out of my depth . rochester you be afraid of I because I talk like a sphynx . jane I be not afraid . rochester yes you be . jane I have simply no wish to talk nonsense . rochester if you do it would be in such a grave , quiet manner that I would mistake it for sense . do you never laugh , miss eyre ? this question cut Jane to the quick . rochester ( cont 'd ) only rarely , perhaps . but you be not naturally austere , any more than I be naturally vicious . I can see in you the glance of a curious sort of bird through the close set bar of a cage : a vivid , restless , resolute captive . be it but free , it would soar . cloud high . Jane open she mouth to speak - but she cannot . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 50 . ext . day . thornfield - the ground . spring . Jane be play battledore and shuttlecock with Adele . her play be full of energy , very free . her cheek look almost rosy . it be spring . jane just as it turn to come down - that 's when you hit it . Adele serve . the game continue apace . Rochester wander out of the open double door of the library . he watch . something land at he foot . a rook 's feather . he look up at the battlement . a shape disappear , too fast to see . Rochester 's feature cloud over with a expression of shame and detestation . he stand in a terrible inner conflict . Jane notice he - she miss she shot . jane ( cont 'd ) Mademoiselle have get to rest . adele because I start to win ! jane have mercy , Adele . play with Pilot for a while . Rochester be lean over the balustrade , he head bow . jane ( cont 'd ) be we game disturbing you , sir ? he look up . a hard and cynical expression have master he countenance , something resolute . Jane be take aback . rochester on the contrary . I like you game . I like this cold , hard day . I like thornfield . Rochester pick up the black feather . he start to walk across the grounds at a fast pace . Jane follow . rochester ( cont 'd ) I have be arrange a point with my destiny , miss eyre . my destiny stand up there by that chimney , like one of the hag who appear to macbeth . ' you like thornfield ? ' she say . ' like it if you dare ' . well , I dare . it 's feel like a plague house for year - he turn , the whole house now in he sight . he shout : Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 51 . rochester ( cont 'd ) but thornfield be my home and I shall like it ! Adele be run after they . adele Mademoiselle - Il faut jouer - Rochester snap at she with shocking ferocity . rochester get back ! keep at a distance child , or go in ! Adele 's face crumple into tear . Rochester see Jane 's shock at he outburst . he walk away . Jane be not sure whether she have be dismiss or not . Adele have run back to Pilot . Jane watch she . she suddenly find Rochester be back at she side . he walk she along . rochester ( cont 'd ) she 's the daughter of a opera dancer , celine varen . celine be a beauty and she profess to love I . her ardour be so great that , ugly as I be , I believe myself she idol . so I install in she in a hotel , give she servant , gowns cashmere , diamond - in short , I be a idiot . jane to fall in love , sir ? rochester you have never feel love , have you miss eyre ? you soul still sleep . jane do it ? rochester you be still float gently in the stream of life , unaware of the rock ahead wait to dash you to piece . jane be you dash to piece , Mr Rochester ? rochester not by celine . how can one ever truly love a woman one have pay for ? ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 52 . rochester ( cont 'd ) it end when I visit she unexpectedly one night and catch she with she handsome , charmless lover . I overhear she waxing lyrical on all my defect - she be mercenary , heartless , senseless . the whole intoxication fall away like a dream . I leave she money to support the little french floweret over there , whom she swore blind be mine . I see no proof of my grim paternity in she feature ; I think Pilot be more like I than she . jane but you take she on ? Adele be curl up , seek comfort from the dog . rochester some year later , I hear that celine have abandon the brat , disappear to Italy and leave it destitute . so I lift it from the mud and slime of Paris and bring it here , to grow up clean in the wholesome soil of a English country garden . my one good work in a sea of countless sin . Jane be look at Adele full of compassion . rochester ( cont 'd ) you listen , miss eyre , as if it be the most usual thing in the world for a man like I to tell storey of he opera-mistresses to a inexperienced girl like you . Adele ? Adele look up . Rochester speak graciously . rochester ( cont 'd ) forgive I ; for keep miss eyre from you game for so long . Adele be immensely gratify by he apology . int . dusk . thornfield / the red room . Jane , age ten , be walk along the long gallery . she open a door and find herself in the Red room . she stare into the mirror , search the pale face of she reflection , as if try to find a answer . a murmur seem to come down the gape chimney ; a woman 's deep sigh . Jane 's throat tighten with fear . something move in the shadow behind she . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 53 . she scan they , she eye full of terror . Jane know beyond all doubt that something be there . she hear a low laugh . it seem to be right next to she . she try to scream - int . night . thornfield - second floor . Jane wake . her curtain be open ; moonlight spilling in . she hear it again ; the laugh from she dream , right outside she door - low and deep . jane who 's there ? footstep run away . Jane spring out of bed and pull the door open . a door shut at the end of the corridor . there be a single candle burn in its holder on the rush matting , flicker in the draft . Jane pick it up . she notice something else - a curling wreath of grey smoke . she follow its trail through the pitch darkness . it be come thickly from a half - open door at the front of the house - Rochester 's . Jane rush in . Rochester 's bed be on fire ; the hanging , the curtain , all be alight . the flame be leaping . Rochester be asleep . she shake he . jane ( cont 'd ) wake up ! wake up ! Sir ! Rochester only stir . the smoke have stupefy he . Jane pull the burn sheet off - then stop ; he be naked . she take he basin and douse the bed - soaking he . rochester who 's there ? jane it be I , Jane eyre , sir . Jane take the ewer and throw water on the curtain . she pull the soggy fabric from its rail and smother the burn couch . when all the flame be out , she rush to the window and open they . smoke billow out . she stand in the moonlight , cough . Rochester be sit up , stare at she . rochester what in the name of all the elve in christendom have you do with I ? jane for heaven 's sake get up . somebody have plotted something ; you must find out who . I will light the lamp - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 54 . rochester Light the lamp at you peril . Rochester be spring out of bed . Jane turn away , mortify - have catch sight of he silhouett shape . jane I hear a laugh outside my door loud enough to wake I . I open it . someone be run towards the third floor . Rochester be put on a dress gown , lighting the lamp . jane ( cont 'd ) and a candle be leave burn in the middle of the floor . shall I fetch Mrs fairfax , sir ? rochester what the deuce can she do ? jane then I will wake John and martha . rochester not at all . stay here . you be shiver . Rochester get he coat and put it round she . rochester ( cont 'd ) I have to go to the third floor . do not make a sound . sit there . I sha not be long . he go . Jane look at he ruin chamber ; the blacken drape on the four poster bed , the fireplace , the huge wardrobe . it be not unlike the red room . int . night . thornfield - rochester's room . half a hour later . first light . Jane be in a armchair . she have snuggle up in the coat . she take in a breath , smell its owner . she nuzzle she head against it . she close she eye , run she finger down the lining . she look up . Rochester be watch she . his expression be peculiar . she hold the coat closely around she . rochester do you see anything when you open you chamber door ? jane only the candle on the ground . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 55 . rochester but you hear a laugh ? jane yes . rochester have you hear that laugh before ? jane there 's a woman who sew here ; Grace poole - she laugh in that way , I think . rochester just so . Grace poole - you have guess it . well , you be no talk fool ; please say nothing about this . jane but - rochester I will account for this state of affair . go back to you room and say nothing . jane yes , sir . ( she take off he coat ) good-night . rochester be that how you be go to leave I ? jane you say I should go . Rochester approach she . rochester Jane , fire be a horrible death . you have save my life . do not walk past I as if we be stranger . jane what be I to do then , sir ? rochester at least ... shake hand . Rochester hold out he hand . Jane take it . they shake . Rochester wrap Jane 's hand in both of he . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 56 . rochester ( cont 'd ) I have a pleasure in owe you my life . jane there be no debt . rochester I know you would do I good in some way . I see it in you eye when I first beheld you . they expression do not - do not strike delight into my very inmost be so , for nothing . people talk of natural sympathy ... you . Rochester be draw she slowly closer . Jane , disconcert , be try to resist . jane good night then , sir . rochester so you will leave I ? jane I be cold . rochester go. at last , he relax he grip . she back away . she go . int . dawn . thornfield . jane's room . Jane be keel on the windowsill , look out at the rise sun . she be light by its glow ray ; inspire . it 's a rare feel that prompt she mood , as new and unfold as the day itself - happiness . int . day . thornfield - rochester's room . Jane look in to see leah and martha clean the soot from the woodwork and windowpane . to she amazement , Grace poole be there , calmly sewing ring to new curtain . grace good day to you , miss . jane what 's happen here ? grace ( cannily ) only master read in he bed last night . ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 57 . grace ( cont 'd ) fell asleep with he candle light and the curtain get on fire . manage to put it out with the water from he stand . do you not hear anything , miss ? jane I do . I hear a strange laugh . grace it 's hardly likely the master would laugh when he be in such danger . perhaps you be dream . jane I be not . grace then you do not think of open you door and look out ? Jane be infuriate . she turn on she heel . int . evening . thornfield - mrs fairfax's parlour . Jane walk in . they meal be laid out . jane have Mr Rochester not send for we today ? mrs fairfax why , he 's go away . be you not aware ? he leave after breakfast . Jane take this piece of news like a invisible shock . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) he 's go to the leas , Mr eshton 's place , about ten mile from here . I believe blanche Ingram be there . she 's a great favourite of he . jane oh ? mrs fairfax I see she two year ago when Mr Rochester have a party here . oh , she be a beauty ; I daresay the most elegant girl I have ever see . so tall , with raven hair cascade down she back ; I do not know how she would have it do . she sing a duet with Mr Rochester . they make a lovely harmony . ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 58 . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) I be quite surprised he do not make a proposal . perhaps that be he intention now . int . day . thornfield - the nursery . Jane be at the window , brood . outside the rain be pour . Adele , dress in yellow frill , be concerned . adele qu 'avez vous mademoiselle ? jane ( without look at she ) nothing . speak in English , please . Jane turn , expect to see Adele . int . day . morton - the school room . Jane find herself in front of she class . they be look at she expectantly . she look back at they curiously . eager face , plain rural clothes . she have quite lose she place . jane thank you , girl . you may go . int . evening . morton - the school room . Jane be tidy up at the end of the day . the classroom be empty . her life be bare . it show on she face . she look up . St John Rivers be watch she from the door . ST JOHN do you find the work too hard ? Jane immediately put on a sprightly face and continue clear up . jane not at all . I be get on very well . ST JOHN do you feel the solitude a oppression ? jane I hardly have time to notice it . ST JOHN then perhaps you accommodation have disappointed you . they be in truth scanty enough - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 59 . jane a few month ago I have nothing . I be wretch . now I have a home and work ; free and honest . I wonder at the goodness of God and at the generosity of my friend . St John approach she ; speak intimately . ST JOHN what you have leave before I meet you , I do not know . but I counsel you to resist firmly every temptation to look back . jane it 's what I mean to do . ST JOHN we can overcome every kind of human weakness . a year ago I be myself intensely miserable . I consider my life be so wretch that it must be change - or I would die . after a season of darkness and struggle , light break . I hear my call from God . put you trust in he , Jane . let he lead you to you future . jane thank you . St John be turn to go . jane ( cont 'd ) why be you intensely miserable ? ST JOHN a year ago , I be weak enough to fall in love . Jane move involuntarily towards he . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) do not pity I ; I have no compassion whatsoever for you . I regard this love as a fever of the flesh ; not a thing that would ever touch my soul . I scorn the weakness , fight hard against it - and win . Jane be incredulous . St John be at she desk . it be cover in she drawing . he glance through they . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 60 . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) I could have listen to temptation , sink down in the silken snare and know a feverish and delusive bliss . I could have squander my future upon it . jane you could have be happy . ST JOHN a slave in a fool 's paradise ? I would rather my life have purpose - St John suddenly snatch up a piece of paper . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) be this yours ? jane yes . his eye , in a instant , seem to take in everything about she . he open he mouth to speak - then check himself . jane ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? ST JOHN nothing in the world . he fold the paper and take it . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) good night . he go . Jane look after he , puzzle . int . day . thornfield - the hall . Mrs fairfax approach Jane with a letter in she hand . mrs fairfax he 's back in three day he say - heaven that 's Thursday - and not alone . he give direction to prepare all the best room . I be to get more staff from the George Inn . the lady will bring they maid , the gentleman , valet . we must accommodate they all . supplies to be get ; linen , the mattress - Mrs fairfax have work herself up into quite a panic . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 61 . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) I will get start . I will go to the George . no , I will tell martha ... Jane can sense that the old lady be overwhelm . jane May I assist you , Mrs fairfax ? we see Mrs fairfax approach Jane in a rush of gratitude . int . day . thornfield - the second floor . Jane wear a housekeeper 's apron over she dress . she enter Rochester 's room with a armful of bed linen . it have be return to its former glory . Adele be jump up and down on the bed . Sophie be try to coax she off it . Jane give Sophie the sheet . Adele leave the room with Jane and skid all the way down the newly polished gallery in she stockinge foot . Jane can not help smile . int . day . thornfield - the kitchen . Jane set down several bottle of wine on the kitchen table in order to dust they . the kitchen be a hive of activity - except for one lone figure sit quietly in a chair by the fire , smoking a pipe ; Grace poole . leah and one of the hire under cook be talk abut she . under cook she get good wage , I would guess ? leah wish I have as good ; not one fifth what Mrs poole receive . Jane affect not to listen , but be keenly interested . leah ( cont 'd ) and she 's lay it all by . I should not wonder if she 's save enough to keep she independent . under cook she 's a good hand , I daresay . leah not everyone could do it , that 's for sure , not even for the money . under cook no wonder the master rely on her - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 62 . leah notice Jane 's curious glance . she nudge the under cook . Jane , pick up the bottle and carry they away . as she pass she hear : under cook ( cont 'd ) do not she know ? at that moment , Adele rush in . adele they be here ! they be here ! Mrs fairfax try to get she apron off . she become flustered . Jane help she . mrs fairfax thank you . Mrs fairfax and Adele go . Jane look out of the window . her attention be focuss on two equestrian who lead the arrive party ; Rochester and blanche , the dark beauty at he side . she be laugh at something . the sun shine behind she . Jane be dazzle . she turn away . int . night . thornfield - the second floor . Jane come up the back stair and on to the gallery , just as the lady start to issue from they room . she stand back in a dark corner . there be a approach of chatter ; a subdued vivacity . a flurry of multicoloure silk , lace and velvet go by . they descend the staircase as noiselessly as a bright mist . Jane step out . she walk right into the path of blanche Ingram , who be dress in white . they both startle . jane Excuse I , miss . blanche give she a look of ice . Rochester be at the top of the stair . rochester good evening . they both turn . Rochester have see blanche , not Jane . he offer she he arm , he gaze full of admiration . Jane sink back into the shadow . rochester ( cont 'd ) May I ? blanche lay she glove hand on Rochester 's arm , barely touch he . they glide away . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 63 . int . night . thornfield - the hall . Adele and Jane sit on the stair , listen to blanche and Rochester sing . they voice thrill . Jane be try not to feel . but when Rochester hit a exceptionally beautiful note , she involuntarily close she eye . Adele lean into Jane . she be cry . jane what be it , darling ? adele she sing like maman . Jane , full of compassion , take Adele back to she room . int . day . thornfield - the schoolroom . Mrs fairfax enter in a great hurry . mrs fairfax tonight . he want you both in the draw room after dinner . Adele leap up , delighted . Jane be crestfallen . jane not I , surely . mrs fairfax it 's he particular wish . jane he be be polite . mrs fairfax I be instruct to tell you that if you resist , he will come up and get you himself . you need not stay long . just let he see you and then slip away . do not worry ; no one will look at you . int . night . thornfield - the drawing room / hall Jane be deliver Adele into the centre of the company . jane May I present miss Adele varen ? adele bon jour , mesdame , monsieur . Jane find it hard to get a proper impression of the guest , as she cannot raise she eye to look at they . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 64 . Adele make a dainty curtsey - pink frock , hair in ringlet , little lace glove . in the midst of the crowd be blanche . blanche why , what a little puppet . lady ingram ( mutton dress as lamb ) be this you ward , Mr Rochester ? rochester yes . louisa eshton ( English rise ; nineteen ) what a love of a child . Adele blissfully disappear into a move sea of dress . only one guest be still look in Jane 's direction ; blanche . her lip curl in distaste . Jane back into a nearby window seat ; always she place of refuge . she close she eye . a great Atlantic wave hit the sash window behind she , drench it with foam and brine . when she open she eye , Rochester be in she line of vision , stand out in a crowd of unmanly man . he sense she gaze ; glance at she . Jane look down , pull she work on to she lap ; a bead purse . she do not lift she eye from the bead , fully feel the humiliation of she class - and of she love . blanche sidle up to Rochester . blanche I think you be not fond of child ? rochester you be right ; I be not . blanche then what induce you to take charge of that little doll ? Rochester turn away from Jane . rochester she be leave on my hand . blanche why do not you send she to school ? rochester she have a governess . Jane glance up ; see Rochester 's back to she , throw she eye down , once more . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 65 . blanche you should hear mamma on the chapter of governess . I have half a dozen in my day - all detestable , ridiculous incubi - be they not , mamma ? lady ingram do you speak , my lily flower ? blanche I say governess . the reaction be instant . lady ingram oh , do not mention they ; the very word make I nervous ! I have suffer a martyrdom from they incompetence and caprice . I thank heaven we be now do with they . blanche I have just one word to say of the whole tribe ; nuisance . Jane 's finger sew . only the briefest flash of she eye towards the company show she mortification . blanche have start play a brilliant prelude on the piano . blanche ( cont 'd ) we shall have music - and new subject , if you please . signor eduardo , what shall it be ? rochester donna bianca , I give you beauty . blanche beauty ? why there 's nothing new to be say . I give you back male beauty . mamma , what 's you idea of male beauty ? lady ingram my son , of course . lord ingram hear hear . blanche oh , tedo 's quite typical of the young man of today . they be so absorb in the pursuit of fashion that they have forget how to be man at all . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 66 . lord ingram I say - blanche a woman who neglect herself be a blot on humanity . but a man should pay no heed to he look . ( glancing at Rochester ) a man should possess only strength and valour . he could be a gentleman or a highwayman . his beauty lie in he power . rochester so a levantine pirate would do for you ? blanche ( quietly ) as long as he resemble you . Rochester laugh loudly . Jane be head for the door . blanche ( cont 'd ) I be serious . to my mind , a man be nothing without a spice of the devil in he . Jane close the door on blanche . she breathes in fresh air , nauseous . blanche 's splendid prelude drift out . Rochester come into the hall from the other door . Jane instantly bend down and pretend to be tie she shoe . rochester why do you leave the room ? jane I be tired , sir . rochester why do not you come and speak to I ? I have not see you for week . it would have be normal and polite to wish I good evening . jane you seem engage , sir . rochester what have you be do while I have be go ? jane Teaching Adele . rochester you look pale . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 67 . jane I be well . rochester you be depressed ; you eye be shine with tear . what 's the meaning of this ? Jane catch sight of Mrs fairfax , who be watch they with a expression of unease . Rochester glare at she . mrs fairfax a gentleman have arrive to see you , sir . rochester who ? mrs fairfax he say he 's travel a long way , from Spanish town , Jamaica - Rochester seem wind . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) and indeed I think he must have come from some hot country because he will not take off he coat . rochester Spanish town ... mrs fairfax Mr Richard mason . he say you be old friend . I have put he in the morning room . Rochester can not speak . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) have I do wrong ? rochester not at all . please tell he I will see he directly . Mrs fairfax go . rochester ( cont 'd ) oh Jane - Jane . this be a blow . jane can I help you sir ? in the draw room , blanche 's prelude finish to enthusiastic applause . Rochester have Jane 's hand . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 68 . rochester Jane , if all that people come and spat at I , what would you do ? jane turn they out of the room sir , if I could . rochester and if they cast you out for adhere to I ? jane I should care nothing about it . rochester you would dare censure for my sake ? Jane be frighten of he passion . jane for the sake of any friend who deserve it . Rochester let she hand go . he step back . he go to the morning room . Jane peer through the door , worry how she last word have give offence . she see a man rise to meet Rochester ; handsome but gaunt and painfully thin . his smile do not reach he eye - as if he soul be not quite he own . mason fairfax ... rochester Richard . how the devil be you ? they embrace , Rochester do a fine impression of delight . int . day . lowood - the hall . Jane be stand on the pedestal of infamy , ten year old . helen burn be walk towards she with something in she arm . the rise sun be all around she . helen he be yours . Jane look down at the bundle . in it , be a newborn boy . Jane look up to ask helen for help . but helen have go . Jane alone with she burden , teeter on the stool . the baby start to cry . Jane panic . the cry become deafen , terrifying . it be not a baby 's cry but a human scream . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 69 . int . night . thornfield - jane's bedroom / the gallery . Jane wake , hearing a savage , sharp shriek of such power and intensity it seem to tear the night in two . overhead , the sound of a struggle begin - a deadly one . Jane hear footstep rush past she door . she start to pull on she dress . she hear a man 's voice from above : mason ( o.s. ) help ! Rochester , for God 's sake come ! a great stamp on the floor above ; something fall with a thud ; silence . Jane grab she candle and leave she room . the guest likewise be all issue from they room ; some with candle , some stumbling into the dark . the gallery be fill with terrify lady and shocked gentleman . they shadow dance grotesquely on the wall . lady ingram oh what be it ? blanche who be hurt ? lord ingram where the devil be Rochester ? Rochester come forth from the door at the end of the gallery , hold a candelabra . rochester I be here , be compose . blanche fly towards he like a banshee . blanche what awful event have take place ? she embrace he . Rochester patiently remove she . rochester a servant have have a nightmare , that 's all . she 's a excitable , nervous person and have take a fit with fright . Jane , the only person behind Rochester , see by the light of she candle that he dress gown be trail blood . rochester ( cont 'd ) now I must see you back into you room because until the house be settle , she can not be properly look after . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 70 . blanche be there anything I might do ? rochester miss Ingram , lady , please return to you nest like the dove that you be . you will take cold for certain if you stay in this icy gallery any longer . the candle flicker and fade as the guest make they way back to they room . Rochester see Jane . rochester ( cont 'd ) come this way . make no noise . int . night . thornfield - the third floor . Rochester stop by a low door . he put a key in the lock . rochester be steady . I need you . he unlock it . a room hang with tapestry ; a four poster bed with its curtain half draw . one part of the tapestry be hook up over a hide door - which lie open to a inner chamber . a dull , sickly light shine out . rochester ( cont 'd ) wait . he go to the inner chamber . a grim laugh greet he . rochester ( cont 'd ) thank you , Mrs poole . he lock the door . Jane shudder . he go to the bed . rochester ( cont 'd ) here . bring the candle . Jane obey . Richard mason be lie , one arm and all the linen soak in blood . Jane control she reaction and make herself useful . Rochester be clean the wound . mason be I die ? rochester no . mason she bit I - while the knife be in - bit I - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 71 . rochester it be folly to attempt the interview tonight and alone . mason I think I might have do some good . rochester it make I impatient to hear you . mason she suck the blood . Said she would drain I - like a vampire - rochester think of she as dead , dead and bury . say nothing ! mason be silence . Rochester put the bloody sponge into Jane 's hand . rochester ( cont 'd ) I be go for a doctor . I must leave you here with he . sponge the blood away when it return . give he water if he want it . do not speak to he for any reason . and Richard - on pain of death - do not speak to she . Rochester take the candelabra . he be go . mason be stare at Jane . there be something about the pupil in he eye that she find deadly , chill . she dip the sponge in the bloody water and wipe away the trickle gore . she hear a low moan . she look over at the door to the inner chamber , aching to know the mystery behind it . mason make she start by take she wrist . he be try to say something . Jane put she finger to she lip . she be begging he not to speak . int . dawn . thornfield - the third floor . Rochester and Dr Carter be carry mason down the stair . dr carter I only wish I could have get here sooner . he would not have ble so much . rochester Jane , make sure the way be clear . Jane look out on to the gallery . she be pale , draw . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 72 . ext . day . thornfield - the ground . a carriage wait . Rochester lift mason in to Dr Carter . Jane hand in mason 's great coat . she stand back . rochester I will ride over tomorrow to see how you do . Goodbye , Richard . mason fairfax - let she treat as tenderly as may be - rochester I do my best and have do it and will do it ! the carriage go . Jane prepare to go inside but Rochester walk she towards the orchard . rochester ( cont 'd ) come , Jane . that house be a dungeon , do not you feel it ? jane it seem to I a splendid mansion , sir . rochester it be slime and cobweb . ext . dawn . thornfield - the orchard . the orchard be a different world ; the dawn light illuminate dewy tree . Rochester be silent . Jane be try to fathom he . jane will Grace poole stay here now ? rochester oh yes , do not trouble you head about she . jane but sir - rochester Grace poole be not the danger . he walk off , pull the head off flower as he pass . rochester ( cont 'd ) you have notice my tender feeling for miss Ingram ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 73 . jane yes sir . rochester keep vigil with I again , the night before I marry . for now you have meet my lovely one and you know she . she 's a rare one , be not she ? jane yes sir . rochester a strapper , a real strapper ; big and buxom ... he throw a canker rise across the orchard . Jane manage to articulate she anxiety . jane I would do anything for you sir , anything that be right . rochester ( gently ) and if I ever bid you do what be wrong , you would turn to I , quiet and pale and say ' I can not do it . ' and you would be as immutable as a fix star . Rochester , gaze at she , seem to have decide something . he turn a corner and be go . Jane be leave alone . we hear the sound of a blow . int . day . gateshead - the window seat . the brutal face of John reed , age fourteen , triumphant after hit Jane . JOHN that 's for the look you have on you face . int . day . thornfield - the billiard room . Jane enter as Rochester help blanche to line up a shot . he be lean intimately over she . she coyly permit he . jane Excuse I , sir . Jane have ruin blanche 's shot . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 74 . blanche do that creep creature want you ? int . day . thornfield - the long gallery . Rochester have follow Jane out of the billiard room . jane if you please , I want leave of absence for a week or two . rochester what to do ? Jane show he the letter . jane this be from my old nurse , bessie . she say my cousin John reed be dead . he ruin himself and have commit suicide . the news have so shocked he mother , my aunt , that it 's bring on a stroke . rochester what good can you do she ? jane she 's be ask for I . I parte from she very badly and I can not neglect she wish now . rochester promise I you will not stay long . jane Sir , it seem you be soon to be marry . rochester what of it ? jane Adele should go to school . rochester to get she out of my bride 's way who might otherwise trample she ? jane and I must seek another situation . I intend to advertise . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 75 . rochester at you peril you advertise . trust it to I . I will find you a good situation in time . he be on the point of return to the billiard room . jane and sir ? forgive I but I have have no wage as yet . rochester how much do I owe you ? jane Fifteen pound . Rochester look in he wallet . rochester here 's fifty . jane that 's too much . rochester take you wage . jane I cannot . rochester then I only have a ten . jane ( taking it ) now you owe I five . rochester just so . come back for it quickly . meantime , I shall safeguard it in here . he tap the wallet , which be in he breast pocket . rochester ( cont 'd ) do you trust I to keep it , Jane ? jane ( smiling ) not a whit , sir . you be not to be trust at all . Rochester stride away , grin . Jane turn . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 76 . int . day . gateshead - bessie' parlour . bessie , now housekeeper , be move forward to meet Jane . bessie bless you ! - I know you would come . they embrace . jane bessie ... I be not too late ? how be Mrs reed ? bessie she may linger yet a while . she 's speak of you daily . at first we could not tell what she be say but when she speech come clear we hear ' Jane eyre , get Jane eyre . ' jane shall I see she now ? bessie I will take you up directly . but look at you . what a lady you have become . why you be almost pretty . int . day . gateshead - mrs reed' bedroom Jane take she aunt 's hand . Mrs reed look very near death . jane aunt reed ? it be Jane eyre . you send for I , and here I be . Mrs reed , with a effort , pull she hand away from Jane 's . mrs reed no one know the trouble I have with that child . such a burden . Left on my hand . speak to I like a fiend . the fever at lowood . she should have die ! jane why do you hate she so ? mrs reed her mother . reed 's sister - he beloved . when news come of she death he wept like a fool . send for the baby . sickly thing - not strong like mine . but reed love it . kept it by he bed . make I vow to bring the creature up . why do he not love mine ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 77 . the word be a revelation to Jane . Mrs reed gaze at she . mrs reed ( cont 'd ) who be you ? jane I be Jane eyre , aunt . mrs reed you . be there no one in the room ? Jane motion bessie to go . jane we be alone . mrs reed I have twice do you wrong . I break the vow I make to reed - jane please , do not think of it - mrs reed I be die ; I must get it out ! Mrs reed indicate a box on she bedside table . mrs reed ( cont 'd ) open that box . take out the letter . read it . Jane obey . she read the letter aloud . jane ' madam , will you have the goodness to send I the address of my niece , Jane eyre . I desire she to come to I at madeira . fortune have bless my endeavour and as I be childless I wish to adopt she and bequeath she at my death whatever I may have to leave . your , John eyre , madeira . ' Jane be stunne . jane ( cont 'd ) this be date three year ago . why do I never hear of it ? mrs reed because I write and tell he you have die of typhus at lowood school . you fury . you be bear to be my torment . I will never forget how you turn on I and rage . ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 78 . mrs reed ( cont 'd ) you call the name of the dead down upon I . I be afraid . jane forgive I . mrs reed you curse I . jane I would have love you if you would let I . mrs reed my life have be curse . jane please , let we be reconcile . Mrs reed shrink from Jane 's touch . Jane wipe she tear . jane ( cont 'd ) then love I or hate I as you will . you have my full and free forgiveness . now ask for God 's - and be at peace . Mrs reed 's eye close . int . day . gateshead - the red room . the morning sun be pour in . Jane go to the bed . she put she hand upon it , gently , as if thanking she uncle for all he do . she notice a picture on the wall . a miniature of a brown-haire woman with elfin eye . Jane take it off the wall . bessie come in . jane my mother . bessie nod . a tear roll down Jane 's face . she clasp the picture , look round the room . jane ( cont 'd ) why ever be I so afraid ? ext . day . a roadside . a coach pull up in the lane near thornfield . Jane get out . we hear she voice . jane ( v.o. ) my dear uncle , some year ago , my aunt reed mistakenly inform you that I have die . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 79 . ext . evening . a summer wood . Jane be walk through the wood glade where she first meet Rochester . all be green and verdant and bath in sunset light . there seem to be life everywhere . jane ( v.o. ) I be write to tell you that I be very much alive and live at thornfield Hall , where I be currently governess to the ward of Mr Edward fairfax Rochester - rochester ( o.s. ) there you be . Jane turn . Rochester be sit on the stile where they first meet . for a moment , she every nerve be unstrung . rochester ( cont 'd ) just like one of you trick to steal into you home along with the twilight . where the deuce have you be this last month ? jane I have be with my aunt sir , who be dead . Rochester laugh . rochester a true janian reply . if I dare I would touch you , to see if you be real ... Jane put out she hand . Rochester take it . he help Jane over the stile . rochester ( cont 'd ) go home - stay you wander foot at a friend 's threshold . Jane let go of he hand . jane thank you Mr Rochester . I be strangely glad to get back again to you . wherever you be be my home . Jane , know she have say too much , turn and run over the field towards thornfield . int . evening . thornfield - mrs fairfax's parlour Jane be on a low seat , Adele nestle close to she . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 80 . mrs fairfax we be expect the announcement very soon . he go down to London only last week to buy she a new carriage . jane then we must accept it . he will soon bring home he bride . Mrs fairfax nod . ext . twilight . thornfield - the orchard Jane be alone , drink in the beauty of the evening - look at the garden as if she may never see they again . she turn a corner and see Rochester stare intently at something . his back be to she . she be about to tiptoe away . rochester come and look at this fellow , Jane . Jane approach , wonder how he have sense she presence . Rochester be look at a huge moth . rochester ( cont 'd ) look at he wing . he look West indian - I have never see one like he , here . there ; fly . they watch the moth as it fly towards the house . rochester ( cont 'd ) thornfield be a pleasant place in summer , be not it ? jane I will be sad to leave it . rochester yes , but it can not be help . I soon hope to be a bridegroom . jane have you find I a new situation , sir ? rochester a situation , yes of course . it 's the least I can do for a faithful pay subordinate such as yourself . you be to undertake the education of the five daughter of Mrs dionysus o'gall of bitternut Lodge , Connaught . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 81 . jane Connaught ? rochester you will like Ireland . they be such warm - heart people , they say . jane it be a long way away , sir . rochester from what ? jane from here . from you . rochester we have be good friend , Jane have not we ? but with the irish sea between we you would soon forget I . Jane 's great distress escape she . jane I wish I could . I wish I would never come here . I love thornfield - I have live a full life here . I have not be trample on or petrify or bury with inferior mind . I have talk face to face with what I reverence , with what I delight in . I have know you Mr Rochester - rochester then why must you be tear from I ? jane because of you bride . rochester I have no bride . jane but you will have . rochester yes , I will . jane then I must go . rochester you must stay . jane do you think I could stay to become nothing to you ? be I a automaton , a machine without feeling ? ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 82 . jane ( cont 'd ) do you think that because I be poor , obscure , plain and little that I be soulless and heartless ? rochester jane - jane I have as much soul as you and full as much heart . I be not speak to you through mortal flesh . it 's my spirit that address you spirit as if we would pass through the grave and stand at God 's foot , equal - as we be . Rochester take Jane in he arm . rochester as we be . Jane struggle away from he . jane let I go . rochester no - jane I be a free human be with a independent will , which I now exert to leave you . Rochester release she . she stand in front of he . rochester then let you will decide you destiny . I offer you my hand , my heart and a share of all this . he gesture towards the house , the land . Jane be stunne . rochester ( cont 'd ) I ask you to pass through life at my side . Jane , you be my equal and my likeness . it be you I intend to marry . jane be you mock I ? rochester do you doubt I ? jane entirely . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 83. rochester you have no faith in I ? jane not a whit . rochester you little sceptic . jane you bride be miss Ingram - rochester what love have I for miss Ingram ? what love have she for I ? I cause a rumour to reach she that my fortune be lose and get instant coldness . I want to make you jealous , to move you to love I . it 's you - you strange , unearthly thing . I love you as my own flesh . you - poor and obscure as you be - please accept I as you husband . Jane begin to believe he . jane be you in earnest ? rochester I must have you for my own . jane you wish I to be you wife ? rochester I swear it . jane you love I . rochester I do . jane then sir , I will marry you . they embrace . neither Jane nor Rochester move . darkness be almost complete . still the intensity of the embrace be hold . rochester it will atone . it will atone . a sheet of lightning momentarily light up the sky . some moment later a distant rumble of thunder . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 84 . I /e. night . thornfield - the front hall it be teeming with rain . Rochester and Jane run to the front entrance . he hold he jacket around she . lightn . they reach the dry hearth inside . Thunder . they be both euphoric , breathless , laugh . jane I must go . rochester good night . good night . he kiss she . they kiss again . Jane will not let he go . jane good night . as Jane run upstairs she see Mrs fairfax , deeply shocked . int . day . thornfield - mrs fairfax's parlour Jane wear a lilac gown . Mrs fairfax be very concerned . mrs fairfax have you accept he ? jane yes . mrs fairfax well I never would have think . Jane be hurt . jane be I a monster ? be it so impossible that Mr Rochester should love I ? mrs fairfax no , I have long notice that you be a sort of pet of he . but you be so young and so little acquainted with man . I do not want to grieve you child , but let I put you on you guard . gentlemen in he position ... let 's just say they be not accustom to marry they governess . until you be wed , distrust yourself as well as he . please , keep he at a distance - Jane have hear enough . she turn away . jane thank you . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 85 . int . day . thornfield - the hall Jane , walk through , find herself in Rochester 's arm . she laugh as he raise she off the ground . rochester be this my pale elf ? this sunny face girl with the radiant eye ? jane it be I , Jane eyre sir . rochester soon to be Jane Rochester . jane it can never be , sir . human being be not mean to enjoy complete happiness on this earth . it 's too much like a fairy tale . rochester ( kissing her ) let the fairy tale begin . int . day . a haberdasher's shop . Rochester be roll out ream of beautiful silk . Jane get more uncomfortable as she look at they . rochester this morning I write to my banker in London to send certain jewel . in a day or two I hope to pour they into you lap - jane oh , no sir - rochester I will put the diamond chain around you neck myself - jane I do not want jewel - rochester I will dress you in this satin - jane then you will not know I . I will not be Jane eyre any longer but a ape in a harlequin 's jacket . put they away . Jane push the silk away . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 86 . rochester well for cool native impudence and pure innate pride , you have not you equal . jane I be naturally proud . and hard and flinty . you ought to know what sort of bargain you have make while you have still get time to rescind it . I want only one thing from you , Mr Rochester . rochester and what 's that ? jane you regard . Jane put she arm through Rochester 's . he smile . rochester it 's you time now , little tyrant but it will soon be mine and when I have seize you , to have and to hold , I will attach you to a chain , like this ... Rochester flick he watch into the air . int . day . thornfield - mrs fairfax's parlour . a summer gale . the moan of the wind sound almost human . the light be sickly , nightmarish . a great box sit on the table , which Jane be open . Adele , Sophie and Mrs fairfax be all look on . Jane pull out a pearl coloured wedding gown . she be dismay at its opulence . she hold it up to herself . Adele start to play with the great veil . she wrap it round herself . she become catch in it , tangle , distress . int . night . thornfield - jane's bedroom . jane Adele ? Jane wake . there be a candle alight at the end of she bed . her eye focus . her wardrobe be open . Jane be unnerve . jane ( cont 'd ) Adele , be that you ? Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 87 . a form emerge , a woman , tall and gaunt , with thick , black hair hang down she back . she be dress in a nightgown - like a shroud . over she head , she wear Jane 's bridal veil ; a phantom bride . Jane be paralyse with terror . the form take the veil and slowly tear it in half ; bruise arm , dirt , predatory nail , neglect . the last thing to be reveal be the woman 's face , pale and ghastly . her eye be glitter with hatred . the figure take the candle and bend down to Jane . her intention look deadly . Jane 's breath catch . she cannot breathe . the figure move closer , then blow out the candle . darkness . int . day . thornfield - jane's bedroom . Jane wake , lie half out of the bed . the veil be over she . she fling it away from she face . Jane sit , she terror dawn . her breath come in great dry sob . she be shocked to find herself still alive . ext . evening . - thornfield - by the gate Jane be wait , pale with anxiety . a man on horseback approach , a great dog at he side ; Rochester . he be grin . he pull Jane up on the horse in front of he . she curl into he arm , desperate for he comfort and he strength . Rochester sense something be wrong . he slow the horse . rochester what be it ? jane I be afraid . int . evening . thornfield - jane's bedroom . Rochester hold the tear veil in he hand . he be aghast . he cannot think what to say . rochester Jane , this be the only explanation . it must have be half - dream , half - reality . a woman do enter you room last night and that woman be - must have be - Grace poole - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 88 . jane it be not Grace poole . Rochester keep talk over she . rochester you know how strange she be . what do she do to I ? to mason ? in a state between sleep and waking - jane I be not asleep . rochester you notice she entrance and she action but you have ascribe to she a appearance different from she own . that be you nightmare - jane I know what I see . rochester I see you would ask why I keep such a woman in my house . when we have be marry a year and a day , I promise I will tell you . be you satisfied Jane ? do you accept my solution ? Jane clearly do not . Rochester take she in he arm . rochester ( cont 'd ) dear God . it be only the veil ... int . day . thornfield - adele' room . Jane be in a unadorn pearl wedding gown . adele Mademoiselle ... Adele give she a small bouquet . Jane hug she , very move - as if she be leave she childhood behind . she turn to go . sophie please , you must look . Jane gaze stupefy at the stranger in the mirror . int . day . thornfield - the hall . Rochester be wait at the bottom of the stair for Jane . she slow when she see he . she find she cannot speak . neither can he . Mrs fairfax be by the door . Jane can not find word for she . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 89 . rochester come . Rochester grip she hand . they quit the house . ext . day . thornfield - the ground . Rochester , grimly resolute , be stride at a pace Jane can hardly follow . her satin shoe be muddy . she be become breathless . a rook fly over they head , caw . ext . day . thornfield - the church . Rochester be stride purposefully towards a small church of ancient design . Jane stumble . Rochester be contrite . Jane try to collect herself . she look up to the sky . the rook wheel around the spire . she take Rochester 's hand . int . day . the church at the altar , Jane glance at Rochester . he be look straight ahead at the clergyman , Wood . wood I require and charge you both , as ye will answer at the dreadful day of judgement when the secret of all heart shall be reveal , that if either of you know any impediment why ye may not be lawfully join together in matrimony , ye do now confess it . there be not a sound . Rochester still do not look at Jane . the clergyman prepare the ring . wood ( cont 'd ) Edward fairfax Rochester , do you take - a commotion at the back of the church . two man rapidly enter . one of they Briggs , hurry up the aisle . brigg the marriage can not go on . I declare the existence of a impediment . Rochester move , shake . rochester proceed . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 90 . brigg the ceremony be quite break off . a insuperable impediment to this marriage exist . rochester proceed . brigg Mr Rochester have a wife now live . Wood be utterly dismay . rochester ( shout ) where be you proof ? Briggs start to read out a document . brigg ( o.s. ) I affirm and can prove that Edward fairfax Rochester be fifteen year ago marry to my sister , bertha antoinetta mason at St James church , Spanish town , Jamaica . Jane look at Rochester . she force he to look at she . he deny nothing ; defy everything . brigg ( cont 'd ) the record of the marriage will be find in the register of that church - a copy of it be now in my possession . sign , Richard mason . Rochester turn to Briggs . rochester that do not prove that my wife be still live . brigg she be live two month ago . rochester how do you know ? brigg I have a witness to the fact . rochester produce he or go to hell . the figure by the door step out of the shadow . it be Richard mason . Rochester fly down the aisle , a groan of rage escape he . he lift he arm . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 91 . mason good God - wood Sir , you be in a sacred place - mason flinch away . Rochester swallow he rage . rochester what have you to say ? mason she be at thornfield Hall . I see she there in April . I be she brother . a grim smile contort Rochester 's lip . he turn towards Jane . she remain where she be abandon - at the altar - tiny , under he vault arch . the bouquet fall from she hand . Rochester walk to she . rochester this girl know nothing . she think all be fair and legal . she never dreamt she be go to be entrap into a feign union with a defraud wretch . a tiny breath be the only noise Jane utter . Rochester pull she from the altar to he side . rochester ( cont 'd ) come , Jane , come all of you and meet Mrs poole 's charming patient . come and meet my wife . the sun outside be blind . Jane close she eye . I /e. day . thornfield - the entrance / hall Rochester enter pull Jane after he , she hand still in he iron grip . Wood , mason and Briggs follow . Mrs fairfax , Adele , Sophie , martha and leah be wait . Adele run forward . Rochester stop she in she track . rochester get back ! do not come near ! go , all of you - keep you congratulation - they come fifteen year too late ! Adele have crumpled into frighten tear . Mrs fairfax have she hand over she mouth , pale with shock . Jane meet she eye as Rochester pull she up the stair . a revelation . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 92 . int . day . thornfield - the third floor . the tapestry room . Rochester glance at mason . he unlock the inner door with one hand ; the other will not let go of Jane . Grace poole sit by a strongly guard fire , stir something in a pot . Rochester lead Jane and the man into the room . there be no window , no furniture except for Grace 's chair ; only a mattress on the floor . grace Sir , you can not be bring folk in here . it 's madness . bertha antoinetta mason stand , amaze at the sight of she visitor . she wear a white shift . there be black rook feather twine in she hair ; she only ornament . rochester this clothed hyena be my wife . bertha 's pose be dignify , she expression grow triumphant . she approach Rochester - she eye lock with Jane 's . Jane gaze : fear , disgust , compassion . rochester ( cont 'd ) I be dupe into marriage with this lunatic fifteen year ago . Briggs and Wood be deeply repell . wood let we go . we have see enough . bertha put she arm through Rochester 's ; lay she head on he shoulder ; smile at Jane , magnanimous in she victory . rochester my own demon , bertha . with shocking speed and strength bertha lay she nail into Rochester 's cheek . he struggle with she . Grace assist Rochester . they do not hit ; they subdue . bertha 's attack be effectively contain . they have she on she knee , she arm behind she . bertha lift she head and scream . if a scream could express the agony of a whole soul then this would . Jane turn on she heel . she stumble , find the door , exit . int . day . thornfield - the second floor . Jane be come down the stair . Briggs be at she side . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 93 . brigg you , madam , be clearly not to blame . you uncle will be glad to hear it . Jane look at Briggs , only dimly comprehend he . brigg ( cont 'd ) you write to you uncle , do you not ? to inform he you be go to marry Mr Rochester ? Mr mason be stay with he when you letter come . Briggs get only a blank look of puzzlement from Jane . brigg ( cont 'd ) Mr John eyre have be the madeira correspondent of the mason trading house for some year . you can imagine he distress when mason reveal the real state of matter . Jane start walk towards the sanctuary of she room . brigg ( cont 'd ) he would have come himself but I be sad to tell you that he health be in mortal decline . he implore Mr mason to prevent this false marriage and refer he to I for assistance . I only hope that he survive long enough to hear that you be safe . Jane open she door . she turn to Briggs . jane thank you . she shut the door on Briggs and on the world . int . day . thornfield - jane's bedroom . Jane sit on she bed . she mechanically start take off the blond square she have wear as a veil . CUT to : Jane , stand in stillness with the pearl dress crumpled around she foot . CUT to : Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 94 . Jane have take a black stuff dress off its hangar . she slowly put she arm around it , as if it be she old self . she hold it , she eye stare at nothing . CUT to : Jane in she underclothes , sit down on the bed . she close she eye . ext . day . a dry river bed . Jane lie curl up on a rock at the bottom of a dry - up river bed . all of nature be suspend in stillness . Far away , we hear the sound of a flood loosen in the remote mountain . we hear the sound of the torrent approach . Jane do not move . she have no will to flee . the sound of rush water pound in she ear . she lie , wait to be dash away . we see the flood approach and hit . a dazzle whiteness of water and foam . int . day . thornfield - jane's bedroom . Jane 's room be entirely unchange except for the fact that it be full of river water from floor to ceiling . her bedding , furniture and belonging all sit in the room as normal - underwater . the light shine murkily in through the window to reveal Jane float , suspend . her hair and she garment trail out . she be alive . but she be drown . int . night . thornfield - jane's bedroom . the moon have rise . Jane be lie in a exhaust doze on the bed . she wake ; sit up . she be faint . she recover herself . she know what she must do . CUT to : Jane , dress in black in the silver light , put she brush , comb and brooch in a bag . she look in she purse . she have some coin . int . day . thornfield - second floor . Jane unbolt she door , take a step out of she room , and stumble into Rochester 's arm . he have be keep guard . rochester jane - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 95 . his cheek have be cut by bertha 's nail . rochester ( cont 'd ) five minute more of that death - like hush and I would have force the lock . he examine she face . he be desperate . rochester ( cont 'd ) no tear . you heart have be weep blood . forgive I . Rochester bury he head in Jane 's arm . she automatically comfort he . rochester ( cont 'd ) how could I ? I be a worthless sinner . do not spare I . rain you tear up on I . jane I cannot . rochester I deserve a hail of fire . Jane extricate herself from he embrace . jane I be tired and sick . I need some water . Rochester perceive Jane 's inanition . he carry she down the gallery . Jane cling on to she bag of belonging . she have nothing else leave . int . night . thornfield - the library . Rochester have lain Jane in front of the fire . she force herself to eat . Rochester give she wine . she sip . rochester how be you now ? jane much better , sir . I shall be well again soon . Rochester pace away to the fire . he come back . stoop he head down to Jane to kiss she . she turn she head away . rochester I know you . you be think . talk be no use ; you be think how to act . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 96 . jane all be change , sir . I must change too . rochester yes . there be no doubt that we both must change . I be wrong ever to keep you here ; this narrow stone vault with its one real fiend . I will shut it up . I will pay Mrs poole two hundred a year to care for its inmate and then no one will be harme when she be prompt to burn people , to stab they , to bite the flesh from they bone - jane Sir - you speak of she with hate - it be cruel . she can not help be mad . rochester it 's not because she 's mad that I hate she . if you be mad do you think that I would hate you ? jane I do . rochester then you know nothing about I , nothing about the way I love . you mind be my treasure - and if it be break it would be my treasure still . you be my sympathy , my better self , my angel . I will wrap my whole existence round you . let we leave here tomorrow . come with I - as my wife . jane no . rochester I will pledge you my fidelity - jane you can not . rochester you will live a happy , most innocent life - jane I must leave you , sir . Rochester can not take this in . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 97 . rochester do not you love I ? jane I do love you - but I must not show it or speak it ever again . I must begin a new existence - strange scene among strange face . I must part from you . rochester must be a part of I ; that 's what you mean . you be my wife , Jane . in truth - jane you have a wife already . rochester I be trick , dupe into wedlock with that demon-hate , that harlot , that succubus upstairs . my father want she money and so I be send to Spanish town and the match be make . I hardly speak with she . I be dazzle , ignorant , raw . my sense be besotted and I marry she - gross , grovel mole - eye blockhead that I be . Rochester sit , stare at the fire . rochester ( cont 'd ) I live with she for four year . she drag I through all the degrade agony which attend that bound to the intemperate and unchaste . her excess develop germ of madness and the doctor shut she up . one night , unable to bear she scream hate and know I could never be rid of she , I put a gun to my head to kill myself . Jane be both appal and move . rochester ( cont 'd ) I would have pull the trigger , die in that tropical place but for a breeze which blow in from the sea and smelt of home . with it , I come to my sense . bertha antoinetta mason have abuse my long suffer , sullied my name , outrage my honour and blight my youth . it be enough . at that moment , as I decide to live , she cease to be my wife . ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 98 . rochester ( cont 'd ) only my father and brother know of the marriage and by then they be both dead . I let my connection with she be bury in oblivion and I bring she here . I have see that she 's care for as she condition demand and that be all that God and humanity ask . jane I earnestly pity you , sir . he see that Jane be silently cry . rochester Jane , it 's not pity that I see in you face . it 's not pity - jane do not say it - rochester it be love . jane stop - they be hold each other . rochester I be wrong to deceive you . it be cowardly . I should have appeal to you spirit - as I do now - should have open my life , describe my hunger for a better existence - show you my chain . I give you my life . I give you my pledge . please , be my wife . jane I can not . rochester you would be my equal . jane how ? rochester I would make it so . jane you once tell I that hire a mistress be the next worse thing to buy a slave . rochester not my mistress - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 99 . jane I would not degrade you by have you live with a slave . rochester I say wife , my wife - Jane try to rise . Rochester keep hold of she hand . he gently pull she down again . comfort she . rochester ( cont 'd ) do you really mean to leave I ? jane I do . rochester Jane ... he kiss she gently , lovingly . rochester ( cont 'd ) do you mean it now ? jane I do . he run he hand over she , with great tenderness . Jane offer no resistance . rochester and now ? Jane nod . rochester ( cont 'd ) oh Jane ... Rochester lay she down . rochester ( cont 'd ) what friend would you offend by live with I ? who would be injure ? who would care ? Jane be almost lose . she speak in a small voice . jane I would . rochester Jane , it would not be wick to love I ... jane it would be to obey you . I care for myself . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 100 . Jane 's resolve grow . she resist . jane ( cont 'd ) the more alone , the more friendless , unsustain I be , the more I must respect myself - rochester will you listen to I ? jane I must listen to myself - rochester will you hear reason ? jane let I go - rochester because if you will not I will try violence . Jane instantly stop resisting . she look at he with utter shock . he be above she . rochester ( cont 'd ) I could bend you with my finger and thumb ; a mere reed you feel in my hand . Jane neither move nor speak . rochester ( cont 'd ) but you eye ; resolute , free . what ever I do with this cage I cannot get at you . and it be you , soul , that I want . why do not you come of you own free will here , to my heart ? oh come , Jane , come - jane ( crying out ) God help I ! all the life seem to go out of Rochester . he let Jane go . she pull herself away from he . she stand . he remain , he face bury . she go to the door . Rochester turn he eye to she . rochester you have never call I by my name . my name be Edward . Jane can not speak it . she turn away . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 101 . ext . dawn . thornfield - the ground . first light . Jane be run ; flushed , breathless , she dress soak with dew . she have she bag of belonging over she shoulder . she trip ; fall to she knee . she look back . for a moment she seem paralyse . she return she gaze to the route ahead . her need to escape be so great that she crawl forward until she be able to raise herself to she foot . she reach the stile ; lift herself on to it ; put she arm around the post . she hold it , as if it be beloved . her eye close . we hear the sound of a winter blizzard . int . night . jane's cottage . Jane open she eye . she be sit at she fireside . outside , a snowstorm howl . on she knee be a sketchbook . she look down at it . Rochester 's dark eye be beginning to appear on she paper . she put a line through it ; scribbles it out , blind he . she stand up , try to escape she thought . she whisper : jane Edward . there be a loud knock on the door . Jane start . CUT to : Jane open the door . Rochester be there , stand in the freeze hurricane and howling darkness . rochester Jane . Jane pull he inside . she fall into he arm . they embrace passionately . Jane be actively pull he towards she , delirious with love and long . CUT to : the exact same shot of Jane open the door . St John Rivers be there , have wade through the drift snow . jane Mr St John - what on earth bring you away from you hearth on a night like this ? have anything happen ? there 's no bad news I hope ? ST JOHN how easily alarmed you be . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 102 . he take off he cloak ; stamp the snow off he boot . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) the snow be up to my waist at one point . jane you be recklessly rash about you own health . ST JOHN nonsense . St John 's eye alight on Jane 's charcoal draw . Jane snatch it away too late . there be a moment of silence . jane why be you come ? ST JOHN a inhospitable question . jane I mean on a night like this - ST JOHN I get tired of my mute book and empty room . besides I have be tell half a story and I be most impatient to find out the end . jane please ... Jane motion to St John to sit . he do not . she become increasingly uneasy as he speak . ST JOHN twenty year ago , a poor curate fall in love with a rich man' daughter and marry she . she be disown by she family and two year later the rash pair be both dead . they leave a daughter which charity receive into she lap - as cold as that snow drift I almost stick fast in . Charity carry the friendless thing to the house of its rich maternal relation . it be rear by a aunt - in - law ; I come to name now - Mrs reed of gateshead . Jane start . she be on she foot . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) Mrs reed keep the orphan ten year and at the end of that time she be send to lowood school . ( more ) Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 103 . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) it seem she career there be very honourable . she become a teacher like yourself , and leave it , like yourself , to be a governess . she undertake the education of the ward of a certain Mr Rochester - jane Mr Rivers ! - ST JOHN I can guess you feeling but hear I to the end . of Mr Rochester 's character I know nothing but he profess to offer honourable marriage to this young girl and at the very altar she discover that he have a wife yet alive . his subsequent conduct be a matter of pure conjecture but when the governess be enquire after it be discover that she have fle thornfield Hall and no trace of she have since be find . now be not that a odd tale ? jane since you know so much , perhaps you can tell I how he be . ST JOHN who ? jane Mr Rochester ; how be he ? ST JOHN I be ignorant of all concern he . St John open he pocket book and remove a piece of paper . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) well , since you will not ask the governess 's name , I must tell you . I have it write down here in black and white . he hand she the paper . on it be doodle the head of some of she pupil . she have absently write Jane eyre in the margin several time . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) a solicitor name Briggs write to I of a Jane eyre . I know a Jane Elliott . this paper resolve my suspicion into certainty . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 104 . jane the solicitor - Mr Briggs - do he have any news of Mr Rochester ? ST JOHN be you not go to enquire why he have go to such length to find you ? jane what do he want with I ? ST JOHN merely to tell you that you uncle , Mr John eyre of madeira , be dead ; that he have leave you all he property and that you be now rich . jane what ? ST JOHN you be rich ; quite a heiress . silence . Jane be flabbergasted . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) you fortune be vested in the English fund ; Briggs have the will and all the necessary document . you can enter on immediate possession . at last , Jane look questioningly up at he . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) you forehead unbend at last ; I think you be turn to stone . perhaps now you will ask how much you be worth . jane how much be I worth ? ST JOHN oh a trifle . twenty thousand pound - but what of that ? the news literally take Jane 's breath away . jane twenty thousand pound ? St John begin to laugh at Jane 's reaction . she have never see he laugh before . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 105 . ST JOHN if you would commit a murder and I would find you out , you could scarcely look more aghast . jane there must be some mistake . it 's two thousand , surely . ST JOHN it 's twenty . you look desperately miserable about it , I must say . Jane still can not take it in . she frown in disbelief . jane why do Mr Briggs write to you ? ST JOHN you see , that be the strange thing . it make I wonder what power or providence lead you to we door . you name be Jane eyre . jane yes . ST JOHN then I be you namesake . I be christen St John eyre Rivers . jane St John eyre - ST JOHN my mother have two brother , one be a clergyman , you father , the other be John eyre of madeira . Mr Briggs write to inform we that the clergyman 's daughter be lose . I have be able to find she out ; that be all . jane you mother be my father 's sister ? ST JOHN yes . jane my uncle John be you uncle John ? ST JOHN that be correct . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 106 . jane so you , diana and Mary - ST JOHN we be cousin , yes . Jane be deeply move . jane oh , I be glad ! - I be glad ! she throw she arm around St John . tear of happiness start to flow . he , find it peculiar to be hold , gently try to calm she . ST JOHN here you be neglect essential point to pursue trifle . you be utterly downhearted when I tell you that you be rich and now , for a matter of no moment , you be deliriously happy . jane of no moment ? you have sister and maybe do not care for a cousin but I have nobody . I have be alone , always . and now three relation be bear into my world full grow . oh , I be glad . you , who save my life - ST JOHN you must try to tranquillise you feeling . Jane finally release he , still radiant with joy . jane write to diana and Mary . tell they to hand in notice and come home . they will have five thousand each and so will you . ST JOHN I have tell you the news too quickly . you be confuse . jane do not put I out of patience , cousin . I be rational enough . twenty thousand divide equally between the niece and nephew of we uncle , give five to each . ST JOHN this be act on first impulse . you do not know what it be to have wealth - Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 107 . jane and you can not imagine - family - I never have a home . I never have brother and sister - a terrible think occur to she . jane ( cont 'd ) you be not reluctant to own I , be you ? St John take she hand . she have surprised and move he . he look at she , see she anew . ST JOHN Jane , I will be you brother . ext . day . spring - the moor . Jane , diana and Mary be run over the moor . Mary have a kite . they be as delighted as child . int . day . moor house - the kitchen . Jane be sit at the table let diana style she hair . they all have new summer dress on . there be a lightness to all three as if a great weight have be lift from they shoulder . diana be set Jane 's hair into curl like she own . Jane look at herself in the mirror ; softer , gentler , different . int . night . moor house - the parlour . the girl each have a candle . St John kiss Mary . he kiss diana . ST JOHN good night . diana you call Jane you sister but you do not treat she as such . you should kiss she too . Jane turn to diana , embarrassed . jane Di , you be very provoking . as she turn back , she find St John 's face right in front of she . he kiss she . a kiss with no warmth ; a experiment . he examine its effect . he be satisfied . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 108 . ST JOHN good night . int . night . moor house - jane's bedroom . Jane close the door . she put she hand across she lip . the icy kiss have agonise she with the full force of she loneliness . she curl up in a ball , desperate . ext . evening . moor house - the garden . a glorious summer sunset . Jane be digging at a flower bed , put all she passion into the task . she be flushed with exertion . St John watch . ST JOHN you be waste here . jane be I not be useful ? ST JOHN you should look beyond moor House , beyond the selfish calm and comfort of affluence . jane Beyond to what ? ST JOHN I go to India in six week . jane so soon ? - St John draw Jane away from she work . ST JOHN I can see what you gift be and why they be give . come with I . Jane be utterly crestfallen . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) God and nature intend you for a missionary 's wife . you be form for labour not for love . I want to claim you - not for my pleasure but for God 's service . jane I be not fit for it . I have no vocation . ST JOHN you be far too humble . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 109 . jane St John have mercy . I feel my mind shrink - ST JOHN do not be afraid . you be diligent , faithful , docile , courageous , gentle and heroic . cease to mistrust yourself . I trust you unreservedly . let I give you time to think . but know this ; in you , I recognise a fellow soul , a soul that would revel in the flame and excitement of sacrifice . Jane be chill to the bone by he word . St John leave the garden and walk away over the moor . CUT to : Jane lean against the garden wall , try to think , try to compose herself . the sun be set . int . night . moor house - the parlour . Jane carry a candle , open the door . St John be at the table work by lamp light . the moon shine brightly in . jane I use to long for a life of action , to overleap the horizon , to move in the world of man . maybe God be give I this . and what be there for I here ? pain and long for what can not be . I do not know how long I would survive in India . my frame be not strong . but I will go with you , if I may go free . ST JOHN free ? jane you and I have better not marry . ST JOHN why not ? jane because I be you sister . ST JOHN but you will go with I . jane conditionally - as you curate . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 110 . ST JOHN Jane , I do not need a curate ; I need a wife . jane I must have my heart and mind free , my own self to turn to . I could not become part of you - ST JOHN a part of I you must become or the whole bargain be void . how can I , a man not yet thirty take out to India a girl of nineteen , unless she be my wife ? do not offer God half a sacrifice . he must have all . and undoubtedly enough of love would follow to make the union right , even in you eye . Jane be shocked . jane enough of love ? ST JOHN yes , quite enough . jane St John , I scorn you idea of love . I scorn the counterfeit sentiment you offer and I scorn you when you offer it ! St John be mortify . a slow rage begin to boil in he . ST JOHN I have uttere nothing that deserve scorn . jane forgive I but the very name of love be a apple of discord between we . my dear cousin , please abandon you scheme of marriage . ST JOHN no ; and if you reject it , it 's not I you deny but God . Jane be stung . St John have turn from she . his face be icy in the moonlight . jane do not be angry with I please . it make I wretch . I want we to be friend . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 111 . ST JOHN we be friend . I hope we can be more . jane I can not come as you wife . ST JOHN why this refusal ? it make no sense ! jane if I be to marry you , you would kill I . you be kill I now . ST JOHN ( furious ) I would kill you ? I be kill you ? you word be violent , unfeminine and untrue - jane you would kill I without draw any blood or receive on you conscience any stain of crime . ST JOHN what nonsense be this ? jane you would experience no pain - but I tell you it would kill I ! ST JOHN why ? jane because I would inevitably come to conceive love for you , because you be so talented and good , because there be such grandeur in you look . you would not want this strange and torture love ; if I show it you would find it unbecome . and my lot would be wretch . ST JOHN ( understanding her ) Jane ... jane you be a good man , but you forget the feeling of little people . we would better keep out of you way lest you trample we . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 112 . St John 's anger have fade . he be compassionate . this be far harder to resist . ST JOHN I would not trample you . you would walk at my side towards God 's altar . he would be you solace , heaven you reward . we seek to do the great work , to open death 's gate , to save soul . Love God Jane , love god. St John put he hand on she forehead ; christlike . Jane be fall under he power . ST JOHN ( cont 'd ) give up you heart to him . he be love . Jane fall to she knee . St John 's face be angelic . jane if I be sure ; if I be certain - she suddenly hear a voice : Rochester 's ; clear , urgent . rochester ( o.s. ) Jane ! Jane ! Jane ! she spring away from St John , cry : jane oh God , what be it ? she look wildly about the room ; rush to the window . ST JOHN what have you hear ? what can you see ? Jane glance at he , see he for what he be ; a cold , control man . she shout : jane I be come ! she run out , leave St John aghast , behind she . ext . night . the moor . Jane run on to the moor . jane wait for I ! she look all around she at the moonlit landscape . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 113 . jane ( cont 'd ) where be you ? the moor send she question back in a echo . we see Jane 's face . her path be clear . ext . day . whitcross moor . Jane be wait for the coach at the crossroad where she arrive , almost a year before . it come pound towards she . she hail it . this time , the coachman respectfully descend to take she bag and help she on . she be so confident and so change that he do not recognise she . ext . day . thornfield - the ground . Jane be walk through the orchard . it be wild , neglect . its untend state worry she . she look up . rook be circle , caw . CUT to : Jane find herself at the side of the house . the ground be pitte with weed . the window be dark . she half run round to the front . what she see take she breath away . the great wall and battlement be blacken with fire . window gape on a hollow shell . the inside of the house have collapse . through the hang door , only its char remain can be see . weed grow through utter devastation . Jane gaze in horror and distress . I /e. day . mrs fairfax's cottage Jane knock on the door . Mrs fairfax open it . jane they send I from the inn . I have be up at the house - Jane can say no more . mrs fairfax come in , come in . jane be he dead ? Mrs fairfax take Jane in she arm . mrs fairfax no , no . Mr Rochester still life . Jane be cry tear of relief . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 114 . jane tell I - please - mrs fairfax why do you run away in the night like that ? I would have help . I would have help . int . day . mrs fairfax's cottage Mrs fairfax have sit Jane on a settle near the fire . mrs fairfax he seek you as if you be a lose and precious jewel . he do not rest . and as day turn into week and no word come , he grow quite savage in he disappointment . jane he stay at thornfield ? mrs fairfax do not leave the house ... I /e. day . thornfield - the front door / ground . Rochester , unshaven and unkempt be stand at he threshold . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) shut himself up like a hermit . he only go out at night , when he walk like a ghost through the grounds . we see what he be look at : a open carriage pile with luggage , into which Mrs fairfax be help Adele . leah and Sophie be already sit inside , dress for a journey . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he would have no one near he . Adele be send off to school . he place I here . only John and martha stay - and Mrs poole of course . Adele look back at Rochester with tear in she eye . he walk across the dark hall and slam the library door . ext . evening . thornfield - the orchard . Rochester , in he shirt sleeve , be look at the tree where Jane promise he she hand - now die , cleft by lightning . the rise moon inhabit the sky . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 115 . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) it be harvest time when it happen . no one know how she get out . Rochester hear a cry from the top floor . he set off , a look of finality on he face . int . evening . thornfield - the kitchen . Grace poole be asleep , she empty jug of gin beside she . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) my theory be that when Mrs poole be asleep , have take too much of the gin and water ... Rochester take Grace 's key . int . evening . thornfield - the third floor Rochester open the door to the inner chamber . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) ... the mad lady must have steal she key and let herself out . bertha antoinetta mason , stand in the last patch of daylight throw down from she skylight , see that it be Rochester . she calmly walk towards he . Rochester graciously bow , indicate that she may leave . bertha glide past he . she be free . int . evening . thornfield - the gallery bertha walk past a elegant vase . she tip it to the floor . it smashes . Rochester pay it no heed . int . evening . thornfield - the library . Rochester have stand bertha at he desk . a case of jewel be open before she . she have put on a tiara , a diamond necklace , bracelet . she be gaze at a ruby brooch . she turn to Rochester . his expression be calm , resign . bertha begin to laugh . she take the candelabra from the table . she admire herself in the mirror ; she white shift , the black feather , the jewel . she hold up the candelabra and set the huge curtain alight . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 116 . Rochester be impassive ; he do nothing to stop she . as she pass , Rochester realise he be bleed . she have run the brooch pin across he . int . evening . thornfield - the hall / stair . bertha knock a lamp onto the floor . the oil spring into flame , lick the tapestry and the painting . Rochester see he ancestor begin to burn . int . evening . thornfield - the second floor the conflagration be grow . Rochester see bertha leave Jane 's room . as he pass , he see everything inside it be consume by fire . he can not bear to look . ext . evening . thornfield - the lead . bertha be watch the rook . Rochester go to the edge of the roof . bertha look at he . the invitation be clear . Rochester be ready to die . bertha see the rook wheeling away . she run at the edge of the roof . Rochester see she intention too late . he put out he arm to stop she . for the perfect fraction of a second , bertha fly . Rochester see she fall ; almost fall himself - save himself . life reawaken in he . behind he , he see Grace poole , cough , crawl up through the door . grace antoinetta ? responsibility flood over he . he go to she side , lift Grace , help she down the stair . mrs fairfax ( v.o. ) he do not leave the house until everyone be out . some say it be a just judgement on he for have she confine there all that year but for my part , I pity he . int . day . mrs fairfax's cottage Jane be deeply affect . mrs fairfax he 's alive child , but many think he would be better off dead . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 117 . jane why ? mrs fairfax when he be take out from under the ruin , a beam have fall in such a way as to protect he , partly - but he eye be take out and he leave hand so crush that he lose it . the other eye inflame and - he be blind . he 's blind . tear fall from Jane 's eye . mrs fairfax ( cont 'd ) I know ... it 's a terrible thing . jane I have dread worse . I would dread he be mad . a great sense of urgency be come over she . jane ( cont 'd ) where be he ? ext . day . ferndean - the ground . Jane be walk through forest , along a grass grow track . her pace be fast ; she journey almost at a end . she come to a pair of rusting iron gate hang open between granite pillar . she walk through they . she find herself in front of a decrepit elizabethan manor house ; no garden , just a sweeping semi circle of meadow grass , which someone have cut at with a scythe . Jane stop . stand on the threshold be Edward fairfax Rochester . he be in he shirtsleeve . he stand strong , stalwart , brood . his hair be still raven black . he be look sightlessly around he domain , with the concentration of a hawk . his strength be undiminished . he walk fifteen pace from the house . it bring he into the middle of the semicircle of grass . he be close enough for Jane to see he scar eye . she walk towards he , silent . a few drop of rain begin to fall . Rochester put out he right hand to feel they . he raise he face up to the sky as if he be look for something from there . he be absolutely still ; he expression , serene . Jane be very close . she step on a twig . it break with a loud crack , shatter the silence . Rochester be immediately on guard , he expression turn wary . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 118 . he suddenly swipe the air with he leave arm ; the ruin of it pass a inch from she face . Jane step back . Rochester swipe again . she hold she breath . he seem satisfied at last that nothing be there . he turn and walk fifteen pace back to the house . he disappear into the dark interior . Jane start to breathe again . ext . day . ferndean - the side entrance . Jane lightly tap on the side door . martha open it ; she be astonished . Jane put she finger over she lip . int . evening . ferndean - the drawing room . Rochester be in a armchair in front of he fire . Pilot be at he foot . Jane carry in a tray with a candelabra and a jug of water . rochester I can see the candle , martha , at you side like a luminous glow . and the fire ; a red haze . Pilot notice Jane . he leap up with a whine , wag he tail , madly . Jane spill half the water . she can not help find it funny . her entrance have be ruin by the dog . rochester ( cont 'd ) martha ? Jane giggle . Rochester 's face fall . rochester ( cont 'd ) martha , be that you ? jane martha be in the kitchen , sir . rochester who 's there ? jane Pilot know I . will you have some more water ? I have spilt half the glass . Rochester stand , hold out he hand . rochester if you be real , touch I . Jane touch he finger ; put she hand in he . Rochester pull she into he arm . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 119 . rochester , her hand , she shape , she size . jane and she voice . rochester Jane eyre - Jane eyre . jane my Edward , I be Jane eyre : I have find you out . I be come back to you . for some while neither be able to speak . rochester you be not lie dead in some ditch ? not a outcast among stranger ? jane I have be with good people ; far better than you , quite more refine and exalt . rochester ( delighted ) she insult I - jane and I be a independent woman . my uncle in madeira die and leave I five thousand pound - rochester this be real . this be practical . jane I be here . I be home . I be where I love best . CUT to : Jane curl on Rochester 's knee by the fire . he be run he finger over she face , feel its contour . rochester you be altogether a human be , Jane ? jane I conscientiously believe so , sir . she be run she hand through he hair . Jane eyre adapt by moira buffini March 2008 120 . jane ( cont 'd ) but I see that you be turn into a lion . it 's time someone undertake to rehumanise you . rochester I be a sightless block - jane I know . she kiss he eye . jane ( cont 'd ) and the worst of it be , I be in danger of loving you too well for this , and make too much of you . rochester be I hideous , Jane ? jane very . but you always be , you know . a smile crack Rochester 's face . Jane run she finger over it , feel its contour . he hold she . silence fall . the end .