dickinson written by Alena Smith , 2016 Alena Smith C /o Chris licata , paradigm ( 310 ) 288-8000 internetalena@gmail.com slide show - over black the whirring sound of a old - fashioned slide projector . each image that appear be small , at the center of the screen . they be dusty photograph , relic from another time . narrator Emily dickinson be bear in 1830 , in amherst , Massachusetts . a picture of Emily dickinson appear . ( there 's only one know photo of she in existence , so it 's this one . ) narrator ( cont ’d ) she live throughout she life in she father 's house . a picture of the big , yellow dickinson homestead . narrator ( cont ’d ) near the end of she life , she rarely leave she own room . a picture of Emily 's bedroom : sparse , puritanical . narrator ( cont ’d ) aside from a few anonymous verse , she remain unpublish . a picture of one of Emily 's poem , scrawle in pencil , ona scrap of paper . narrator ( cont ’d ) when she die , she poem be discover . more poem . Little hand - sewn book of poem . the slide start move faster . narrator ( cont ’d ) some of the strangest , most fascinating poem ever write . more , more . faster , faster . there be poem on envelope . notecard . candy wrapper . narrator ( cont ’d ) almost two thousand of they . Hidden . in a may 's trunk . the slide reel appear to burn itself out . darkness . CUT to : close - up - a girl 's face the face fill the frame . and look directly at we . the skin be pale , luminous . the lip be wry , slightly twisted . the eyebrow , rakish . and the eye - the eye be so intelligent , it 's scary . a hand come to the lip . the hand hold a cigarette . this girl be smoking . ext . amherst college , 1855 - day the girl , in a white dress , lean against the brick wall of a college building , smoking a roll cigarette . it be springtime . the green lawn of the college be immaculate . a bumblebee buzze on a clover . the girl take another drag , and exhales a perfect smoke circle . suddenly , a man ride up , on one of that victorian - era bicycle . he 's a stiff , gray- haire professor - type , in a long black coat . he nearly topple off he bike when he see the girl . man ( indignant ) what 's this ?! woman be not allow on the grounds of the college . and smoking ?! the very idea ... I x11 put a stop to this . who be you ? the girl look at he , ironic , unruffled . girl I be nobody . who be you . the man sputter . man I , young lady , be the prefect . and I nil give you one more chance , before I have you drag from this campus by force . identify yourself ! who be you ?! the girl , slowly , take another drag . we push in on she face again , as she answer . girl I be Emily Fucking dickinson . music . specifically , kendrick lamar , '' King kunta '' ( 2015 ) . this twenty - first century anthem of black empowerment become , for now , a anthem of victorian white - girl empowerment . what , you have a problem with that ? ext . wood - day with kendrick as she underscore , emily dickinson , 25 year old , strut through the wood of 19th - century amherst . kendrick '' bitch where you when I be walkin’ ? / now I run the game , get the whole world talkin 's ... '' as she walk , and walk , the weed and bramble whip at the bottom of she dress , get it dirty . the wind redden she cheek . untidy she hair . kendrick ( cont ’d ) '' everybody wanna cut the leg off he / Black man , take no loss ... '' she look exhilated . but also like she could kill somebody . title : dickinson int . emily 's bedroom - before dawn four a.m. in the mid -19th century -- dark and quiet as shit . Emily wake up in she small , creaky bed . she throw off the cover . she grab a shawl , light a kerosene lamp , and sit down at she tiny , cramped write desk . take out a pencil and a scrap of paper . thinks . chews she pencil . then -- she get into it . write . write . lightn strike in she brain . and then -- a interruption . a knock on the door . from outside , she sister 's voice . lavinia ( 0.s. ) Emily ! Emily , wake up ! Emily crouch , like a tiger , then explode . emily what the fuck ! she slam down she pencil , bang over to the door , open it . 4 . her sister , lavinia , 22 , plump and curvy with a gap between she tooth , be stand there , hold a bucket . lavinia you have to go fetch water . Emily glare at she . emily it be four in the god damn morning , lavinia . I be write . wri-ting . lavinia mother say you have to go . I do it yesterday . emily why do not Austin do it ? lavinia Austin 's a boy , Emily ! he do not do chore ! Emily shake she head . emily this be such bullshit . lavinia shrug , and hand Emily the bucket . ext . path from the well - sunrise Emily trudge back from the well with she bucket full of water , as the first light of day appear in the sky . she half - whisper , still try to puzzle out she new poem . emily ( under she breath ) '' because I could not stop for death '' ... '' because I could not stop for death '' ... she think up another line , and stop dead in she track . half the water sloshes out of the bucket . she do not care . she put the bucket down . take a little pencil and paper out of she dress pocket . she scribbles . emily ( v.o . ) '' because I could not stop for death - he kindly stop for I . '' up in a tree , a bird chirp . Emily smile . ext . dickinson homestead - morning a establish shot of the big yellow house where Emily dickinson spend almost all of she life . a pristine , impose New England mansion , set amongst wood and hayfield . the window up on the right be Emily 's room . this be Main Street , amherst , 1855 -- not exactly bustling . but still , any action that go on in the town , the dickinson be right in the thick of it . now , Emily emerge from the path , with she bucket , and enter through a side door . int . kitchen —- morning Emily 's mother , Mrs. dickinson ( think Laurie metcalf ) , and lavinia be already hard at work in the overheate kitchen . Mrs. dickinson tend to a raging FIRE on the hearth , while lavinia pluck a chicken . as Emily enter , Mrs. dickinson attack she . mother we need that water a hour ago ! where have you - oh , Emily , this bucket 's half - empty ! you let it all spill out ! oh , you be a useless girl . useless ! Emily roll she eye . this be obviously a familiar routine . emily can not we just get a may ? Mrs. dickinson be appal . mother over my dead body . emily but why ? we can afford one . mother it 's not for you to say what we can and can not afford , you wick thing . emily we own six frick horse , Mom . we can get a may . mother when you father marry I , I say he be get the best housewife in all Hampshire County . no - in all New England ! I have rather scrub the skin off my finger than hire a may . and I be bring you girl up to be just like I . emily but -- mother ( cut she off ) you be go to make a good housewife someday , Emily dickinson , if it kill I . Mrs. dickinson clap some flour on she hand , and begin knead a huge pile of dough . mother ( cont 'd ) now - you need to go get dress . we have another gentleman come to see you . lavinia ooh ! a gentleman ?! emily Mom , no -- mother he will be here quite soon . so go upstairs and prepare yourself . this man could very well be you husband . lavinia so romantic ! emily ( dark ) I wonder what hideous deformity this one will have . mother do not be rude . and you better not pull any stunt like you do last time . emily I make a offer . mother you drop a dead mouse in that poor man 's lap . emily yes . like a cat . mother you be not a cat , Emily ! emily no. tragically , I be a woman . Emily exit , but not before grab one of the fresh scone she mother have just pull from the oven . mother that scone be for the suitor ! Emily 's go . mother shake she head . lavinia look annoyed . lavinia why do not I get to have suitor ? mother I be not try to marry you off . you be good at housework . lavinia so I have to die a old may because I can fetch water ?! mother life be not fair , lavinia . the dickinson woman go back to work . int . emily 's bedroom - day Emily , in she room , be sneaking another chance to work on she poem . she sit at she tiny desk , and scribbles . she have not change she clothes or brush she hair or anything . from downstairs , she hear lavinia scream . lavinia ( 0.s. ) Emily ! he 's here ! frustrate , she slam she pencil down . int . parlor - day Mrs. dickinson sit in the parlor drink tea with the suitor , GEORGE . George be gawky , but cute -- a jesse eisenberg type . Mrs. dickinson sip she tea , embarrassed . mother she ’1ll be down in a moment . I do apologize . GEORGE ( awkward ) oh - no worry . now Emily make she entrance . she have brush she hair so that it all hang in front of her face . like cousin it . she look like a woman walk backwards . she look insane . she walk into the room slowly , she hair block she vision . emily ( dramatically ) hello . Mrs. dickinson gasp . mother Emily - cut that out ! Emily laugh , and flip she hair back , so she can see . then she look at the suitor . she recognize he . emily oh , for fuck 's sake . George ?! GEORGE hey , Emily . Mrs. dickinson be baffle . mother you have already make my daughter 's acquaintance ? emily Mom , this be George . he 's in the light club with Austin . we hang out all the time . Mrs. dickinson 's hand be tremble on she teacup . mother well . I be just tell George here what a excellent wife you will be . how frugal and punctilious you be in all you duty -- emily oh , yeah - I be a real catch . Emily flop down in a armchair and , literally , light a cigarette . Mrs. dickinson almost faint . mother you put that out right now ! emily ( exhaling ) George , can I talk to you for a second ? outside ? George leap up , eager for a chance to be alone with she . GEORGE totally ! emily cool . Mom - we will be on the porch . try to relax . Emily head outside . George follow . Mrs. dickinson look up at the ceiling , praying for help . ext . side porch - day Emily lean against the porch railing , and take out another cigarette . George scramble to light it for she . emily what be you even do here , George ? GEORGE I just want to see you . ( beat . ) I always want to see you . emily you know I be not go to marry you , right ? GEORGE never say never , Emily . like you write in you poem - '' I dwell in possibility . '' 10 . emily Nice . I love when people quote I . GEORGE why will not you marry I ? I be not good enough for you ? emily you do not understand - I be not go to marry anyone . GEORGE that 's not what you mother say . emily I have one purpose on this earth , George - and it be to become a great writer . a husband would put a stop to that . GEORGE I would not . emily you say that now , but little by little , you would . Emily stub out she cigarette . George grab she by the wrist . GEORGE I be madly in love with you . emily well - too bad . GEORGE be there someone else ? emily actually - yes . GEORGE who be he ? i’1l kill he . emily you can not kill he . he be death . GEORGE what ? 11 . emily that 's right . I be in love with death . flash to : ext . front walkway - night a black carriage pull by white horse roll up in front of the homestead , in the moonlight . Emily wait for it , at the bottom of the step . emily ( v.o. ) he take I out for a carriage ride , every night . he 's a total gentleman . a silver fox . sexy as hell . the carriage stop , and a hand reach out . Emily take the hand , and climb in . the carriage roll away . back to : ext . side porch - continuous George shake he head , in amazement . GEORGE you be such a fuck weirdo . why be I so attract to you ? Emily smile at he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I would do anything for you . emily well ... there be - something - you could do . GEORGE name it . Emily reach into the pocket of she dress . emily you be still editor of the light mag , right ? GEORGE well - co-editor - but yes . 12 . Emily pull out a piece of paper , and hand it to he . he nod . emily I want you to publish this . GEORGE whoa ! awesome ! you be finally gonna let I publish one of you poem ?! emily well - I have rewritten it forty time - I be still not sure it 's ready , but ... GEORGE this be perfect timing . we have a little space in we newest issue - I can sneak this in . it go to print tomorrow . emily really ?! tomorrow ?! emily ( cont 'd ) okay - but wait . GEORGE what be it ? emily you can not print my name . GEORGE what ? why not ? Emily look over she shoulder . paranoid . emily my father do not approve of woman publishing . GEORGE oh , come on . that 's stupid . you be a genius , Emily - he have to approve of that . a tapping on the windowpane interrupt they . Emily look and see lavinia inside , wave at she to hurry up and come in . emily could not you put my initial or something ? or like - anonymous . 13 . GEORGE no way . you deserve credit . and you should stand up to you father . Emily 's silent , think this over . then she smile . emily you know what ? fuck it . you be right . publish it , with my name and everything . thank you , George . GEORGE ( pockete the poem ) any time , miss dickinson . George lean forward , and kiss Emily on the lip . then , he hop over the porch railing , and take off , down the lawn . lavinia , through the window , make a kissy - kissy face at Emily . Emily stick a finger in she mouth like , gag I . int . parlor - day Emily march back into the parlor , where she mother and sister be clean up . emily that be a disaster . mother yes , Emily , you ruin it again . lavinia she do not ruin it ! they be kissing ! I see ! mother ( scandalize ) kiss ?! my god ! what be wrong with you ?! emily you be the one who keep throw I at this man ! mother I be not throw you -- emily yes you be ! it 's humiliate ! you would pawn I off on a widower , a cripple - anyone who would take I ! ( more ) 14 . emily ( cont 'd ) the whole town of amherst know how bad you want to get rid of I ! at this moment , Emily 's father , edward dickinson , appear in the doorway . as soon as he enter the room , the energy change . he 's in charge of this family - a bona fide New England patriarch , in a top hat and tail . Mr. dickinson can be tough , even harsh , which be why it would be great if he be play by someone adorable ( say , Bob balaban ) . he love he daughter Emily enormously , but they relationship contain much darkness and complexity . now , he regards he wife and daughter the way a farmer might look at some chicken . edward what 's all the fuss ? emily mother 's try to disown I again . mother you be twenty - five year old , Emily ! I be marry at eighteen - it 's high time for you to find a husband ! emily and move out , you mean !? mother well yes , that be what happen when girl get marry ! lavinia why do not anyone care if I get a husband ?! Edward put he hand up , shushing they all . edward Emily do not have to marry anyone , as far as I be concerned . emily thank you , dad . Jesus - at least somebody around here be not try to kick I out of the family . 15 . mother ( to Edward , annoyed ) so you have just let she stay here , in we house , till kingdom come , do nothing all day -- emily I do plenty ! mother oh , like what ? emily I be the one who find all that bird 's nest . she point . insert : in the corner , on a table , be a huge pile of bird 's nest . back to : edward ( end the discussion ) all right . it 's time for you lady to clear out , so I can enjoy my pipe and newspaper in peace . he settles into he armchair . Mrs. dickinson pick up a tray . mother very well . we should get back to the kitchen , anyway . Girls , come with I . emily God , do I have to ?! mother ( stare at she ) you have a shitty attitude , young lady . emily I just do not want to do chore twenty - four hour a day . mother and what would you do instead ? everybody look at Emily . 16 . emily I would just - think . Mrs. dickinson sigh . Edward light he pipe , and chuckle . edward let she have a break , mother . it 's all right . emily thanks , daddy ! you be my hero . she kiss she father on the cheek , and run out of the room . Mrs. dickinson look at she husband , coldly . mother you just love take she side , do not you . Edward shrug . mother ( cont 'd ) you be go to regret it . she 's wild . she do not know how to behave like a proper young lady . and she will be the ruin of this family . with that , Mrs. dickinson exit . Edward puff on he pipe . ext . grassy area — day Emily lie face - down on a patch of grass , in the sun , stare at a bumblebee . the bee be fat , and buzzy , ass - deep in a dandelion . a shadow fall over Emily , and the bee . she look up . it 's she older brother , austin . austin what up , sis . emily ( shading she eye ) nothin’ , bro . just chillin’ . Austin , 28 , be tall and handsome ( think Benjamin Walker , or ander from workaholics ) . secretly , he 's a bit insecure about he intellect -- especially in comparison to he supremely gift sister . 17 . austin Heard you turn down another suitor . emily yeah . not into it . austin well - on the subject of marriage . I have news . Emily squint up at he . emily what news ? austin I propose to Sue . and she say yes . flash to : ext . back of a hay wagon - day in the back of a hay wagon , Austin be go down on he girlfriend , sue . the wagon jostle violently . Austin 's head be up under Sue 's dress . Sue lean back , eye close , in pleasure . sue yes. yes ... Austin emerge from under Sue 's skirt , grin . back to : ext . grassy area — continuous Emily look like she 's just be slap . emily no . you can not marry Sue . austin why not ? emily Austin , she 's my best friend . 18 . austin look , Emily , do not get crazy right now - it 's not a good time . Sue 's sister Mary be dead . emily what ?! but she be the healthy one . austin I know . but then she get typhus and die , like all the other . we have to go to the funeral in a hour . emily Jesus . poor Sue . austin yeah . so just - be respectful of she situation , okay ? emily you do not have to tell I to be respectful of my best friend . austin be respectful of the woman who be go to be my wife . Austin turn and walk off . Emily stand there , flood with rage , as a song blast on -- Taylor Swift , '' bad blood . '' taylor '' Cause baby now we get bad blood / hey / now we get problem ... '' as the song play , we see Emily shrink down to the size of the bumblebee . taylor ( cont 'd ) '' and I do not think we can solve they / you make a really deep cut / and baby now we get bad blood ! '' ext . dandelion - fantasy Emily and the bumblebee sit together on the bright yellow dandelion , drink from giant tumbler full of liquor . Emily be wasted . the bee be yellow , black , and fuzzy , with big eye . 19 . emily it 's so obvious what 's go on here . Austin know I love Sue and he 's try to steal she from I . he 's such a asshole . bee ( lighting up a joint ) girl , do not let this relationship shit get in the way of you career . emily that 's so smart . you be so right . bee just make that honey , bitch . make that honey . he hand she the joint , and she take a huge hit . CUT to : ext . cemetery - day at the funeral of Sue 's sister Mary . a sizable crowd , include all the dickinson , stand around the grave as the coffin get lower into the ground . minister ( intone ) '' o death , where be thy victory ? 0 death , where be thy sting ? '' Emily be dress in white , as always . she look across the grave and see sue , dress in black . Sue be very , very beautiful -- and very , very sad . she wipe a tear away , and give Emily a small smile . Emily mouth at Sue : '' I love you . '' Sue look down at the grave . the minister wrap up he final prayer and man begin shoveling dirt over the coffin . Emily fight she way through the crowd , try to get to Sue , but just before she reach she friend 's side , austin beat she to the punch . he take Sue by the arm , protectively , and lead she off down the hill . Emily stand there , irritate . funeral guest pass by she on all side , on they way down the hill . now , Emily look behind she and see a strange man . 20 . the man be tall , with silver hair , and a gray suit . he 's very attractive , if intense ( think viggo mortensen ) . the man catch Emily 's eye . he wink at she . just then , lavinia appear at she sister 's side . she see Emily stare into the distance . lavinia Emily - what be you look at ? Emily , rapt , point . emily at my friend over there . lavinia look where she 's point . we see what lavinia see , which be nothing . lavinia what do you mean ? that tree ? we look again , and once again see what Emily see - the man , who be now walk over towards they . emily never mind , lavinia . the man come right over to they . he lean in and whisper into Emily 's ear . man see you tonight . Emily nod , blush . the man walk away . lavinia be confuse , but then , she 's use to she sister be weird . lavinia come on , Emily . let 's go home . Emily and lavinia walk together , down the hill . lavinia ( cont 'd ) that be a lovely funeral , do not you think ? Emily shrug . emily mine will be better . 21 . as Emily and lavinia walk , they pass by a group of girl , well - dress and well - coiff . Emily overhear they , gossipe about she . girl oh my god , it 's Emily dickinson . the girl all titter . girl ( cont 'd ) she 's so intense . I seriously can not handle she . Emily pretend not to have hear they . she lift she chin proudly and march down the hill with she sister . int . parlor - day Austin and Sue sit on the very stiff couch . Mr. and Mrs. dickinson sit across from they , on two very stiff armchair . they be all in they funeral clothes . Sue 's face be bleak . edward well . we be very happy for you . awkward silence . edward ( cont 'd ) I mean - we be very sorry about you sister , Sue . but we be very happy you two shall be wed . Austin smile . Sue , if it be possible , look even bleaker . edward ( cont 'd ) so , Austin . what be you plan ? mother yes , dear , tell we . Austin take Sue 's hand . austin well - obviously , nothing be decide yet , but ... there be a firm , in Michigan . they have offer I a position . and Sue have a cousin there , so ... he trail off . his father stare at he , blankly . 22 . edward so what . austin so - we be think of move to Detroit . silence . austin ( cont 'd ) I be pretty psyched about it , actually . Edward cough . edward I do not think so . Austin look at he father , confuse . edward ( cont 'd ) you will join my firm , and stay right here in amherst . austin but - Father , like I just say , I want to go out West ... edward nonsense . we can not have you live so far . this be amherst . you be a dickinson . you grandfather live here , and he father before that . right here in this house . Austin stand up in frustration , and pace to the window . behind he , out the window , we notice a wicker basket , that be be lower down by a string . Austin do not see the basket . he 's flipping out at he dad . austin okay - so what do you expect - that Sue and I will get marry and live upstairs ?! edward of course not . do not be absurd . ( beat ) you 'il live next door . 23 . austin next door ?! what - in the irish shanties ?! with the stable boy ? edward Austin , collect yourself . the lot adjacent have come up for sale . I mean to purchase it . we shall build you a house . Austin gape at he father . meanwhile , Sue , from the couch , have notice the basket . she point at it , wordlessly . edward ( cont 'd ) the most modern , most elegant of house . you may oversee the design yourselves . it can be build by fall . consider it a wedding gift . Austin do not know what to say . he look at Sue , who be point at the window . austin what be it , Sue ? he turn around , and see the basket . irritate , he tug the window open , and pull the basket inside . insert : the basket . which hold a envelope . Austin pull the envelope out . it say : '' for Sue . '' Austin ignore this . he rip the envelope open . Inside be another envelope . it say : '' Austin . do not read this . give it to Sue . '' back to : Austin , aggravate , hand the envelope over to Sue . Sue take it , open it , and pull out a notecard . insert : the notecard . which say , in Emily 's handwrite : '' meet I in the wood . '' back to : 24 . Sue look at Austin . he shake he head . Sue get up and leave the room . Austin look like he want to punch somebody in the face . ext . wood - day deep in the wood behind the dickinson house , Emily stand with she arm fold , look piss off . Sue come walk towards she . the two girl face off . emily be this some kind of fuck joke ? Sue say nothing . emily ( cont 'd ) you be marrying my brother ? be you insane ? sue what else be I suppose to do , Emily ? my entire family be dead . emily I know , and I feel terrible about that , but - Austin ?! you do not even like he ! you tell I that you do not respect he intellect . Sue shrug . emily ( cont 'd ) and besides , I think we be never get marry . I think we be go to grow up and become great writer together . sue that 's a stupid promise we make when we be fourteen year old . and even then , I know it be a lie . I be not like you , Emily . I do not grow up with money . I do not get to prance around a gorgeous mansion all day and get away with never do my chore . I do not have you perfect fuck life . emily you think my life be perfect ?! do you even know I ?! 25 . sue I be all alone in this world . I be destitute . if I do not marry Austin , I will literally starve to death . emily so you be marrying he for he money . cool . very cool . sue speak like a true fuck rich girl . they glare at each other . then Emily soften . emily I be sorry about Mary . I really like she . sue yeah . I like she too . she be my favorite sister . emily well - since you be marrying Austin - I guess I 'il be you sister now . they look at each other . emily ( cont 'd ) promise I something , Sue . sue what . emily okay , promise I two thing . Sue wait . emily ( cont 'd ) number one , that you will not move away to Michigan . ( beat . ) and number two — sue yeah ? emily that you will always love I more than he . for the first time , we see something like a smile glimmer over Sue 's face . 26 . sue well . as far as the first one go - that 's really Austin 's decision . but as far as the second -— emily yeah ? sue well , that one 's obvious . I love you so much , Emily . I love you so much , I think I might go to hell for it . a thunderclap . it start to rain . and in the downpour , Emily take Sue into she arm , and kiss her . madly , deeply . the two girl make out furiously in the rain , in the wood . now would be a good time for another great song - maybe something by lorde ? I think you get it . ext . lawn - afternoon on the lawn , Austin be play a game of croquet with George , Emily 's suitor . George lean on he mallet , sip a glass of sherry . GEORGE you could have have any girl in town , and you pick Sue Gilbert ? why ? Austin line up a shot , and expertly hit a red ball through a wicket . austin I think it 's because she 's the only one who do not want I . George laugh , and take a shot . he miss . GEORGE well - I can relate to that . you sister be still play hard to get . austin I be afraid my sister really be hard to get , old chap . in the sense of , hard to comprehend . she 's a freak . 27 . GEORGE she 's a genius . austin I be so sick of people say that . Austin take a big whack at a ball . it go careen off down the slope , and hit a tree . at the same time , emily and sue emerge from the wood . they be slightly tousled . GEORGE hello , lady . emily what be you do here , George ? Austin take Sue possessively by the arm . austin Sue - I need to talk to you about something . Sue glance at Emily , and then allow herself to be steer away by Austin . Emily and George be leave alone . George , try to be cool , take out a pair of 19 th - century wire - frame sunglass and awkwardly slip they on . GEORGE well , babe . it 's do . Emily look at he , unimpress . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you poem . it 's in the indicator . right next to a thing I write about percy shelley . the printer have it - it 'il be out next week . ( beat ) you be a little bit famous now , Emily dickinson . he grin at she , expect to see she smile back . instead , she look pale , anxious . she bite she fingernail . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Emily ? what 's wrong ? she shake she head . 28 . emily I be just - scared . GEORGE you ?! I have never see you scared of anything - you be absolutely fearless ! emily I just do not know how my father will react . George scoff at this . GEORGE seriously - come on . you dad be a good guy . I know he 's a little conservative - but he love you . and he 's smart . he have to know how brilliant you be . and that 's not something he have want to stand in the way of - be it ? Emily look at George , want to believe what he 's say . then , from the house , she hear lavinia , scream . lavinia ( 0.s. ) Emily ! emily !!! CUT to : ext . door to the kitchen - continuous lavinia stand outside the door to the kitchen , wear a apron , scream for she sister . lavinia emily ! come ! make ! dinner ! !!! back to : ext . lawn - continuous Emily nod to George . emily I gotta go . she hurry off towards the house - but call back , over she shoulder . 29 . emily ( cont 'd ) thanks again , George ! George lean on he mallet , and watch she go . he sigh . int . kitchen - evening pre-dinner chore montage . fire. Water . chicken . Emily cutting a onion , and crying . int . dine room - evening in the dining room , the whole family sit around the table : mother , Father , Emily , Austin , lavinia , and Sue . the table be laid with beautiful white china , and there 's lot of delicious - look food . a kitten play at lavinia 's foot . Edward tear into a piece of chicken . edward wonderful chicken , Mrs. dickinson . Mrs. dickinson beam . austin it really be delicious , mother . mother well - thank you sister . they help . lavinia one of we do . Emily pinch lavinia , under the table . Edward clink on he glass , with a silver knife . edward now , now , listen here . I have a rather exciting announcement . everyone look at he , curious . 30 . edward ( cont 'd ) as you know , in addition to run my successful law practice , as well as maintain my position as treasurer of amherst College , I have also serve two term in the Massachusetts House of Representatives . well - I have get my eye on something bigger now . ( beat ) I have decide to run for Congress . ( beat ) of the United States of America . General shock and awe . Mrs. dickinson look a bit queasy . austin Father - that 's marvelous ! emily Holy crap , dad ! lavinia 's kitten , under the table , yowls . edward I appreciate the enthusiasm . you mother be quite oppose to the idea . mother I just do not want you away from home so much . candidate be always move about . edward well , we have get to get out the vote , now , have not we ? the vote , and the message . sue what be you message , Mr. dickinson ? edward mine ? well - it 's simple . let 's keep the country together , that 's what I say . let 's not be tear apart . austin you mean - by slavery . lavinia Father , be you a abolitionist ? 31 . edward of course not . I do not care one way or the other about slavery . I just do not think we ought to go to war about it . mother very sensible , dear . austin personally , I think this fugitive slave Act be ridiculous . it 's make we regular citizen into slave-hunt patrol . edward you be right about that . emily sometimes I feel like a slave . everyone look at she , horrify . mother you be a spoiled girl from amherst , Emily dickinson . Far from a slave . Emily take a bite of chicken . edward well , it 's a messy business . but we must preserve the Union , at all cost . that 's my platform . oh - and bring the railroad to amherst . that too . lavinia the railroad ! Fancy ! edward yes , lavinia , if I be elect , you shall hear the sound of a train whistle out you bedroom window ! emily that sound like a nightmare . Sue giggle . edward I see I may have a problem convincing some of my constituency . 32 . Austin , now , clink on he glass . austin well , congratulation , Father . and we have a announcement to make as well . everyone look at he . austin ( cont 'd ) Sue and I have discuss it - and we will not be move to Detroit . we be stay here in amherst - with the family . emily hurray ! mother oh , that 's wonderful , darling . edward excellent , excellent ! you can hold the firm together , while I be off run my campaign . Austin nod , uneasy . mother oh , we will have a big , lovely wedding ! we will invite all the dickinson and norcross cousin - and Sue , of course , you whole family will come -- sue my whole family be dead . awkward silence . mother well. ( beat ) it will still be very nice . now , suddenly , Emily clink on her glass . edward what be it , Emily ? emily I also have a announcement . head turn to she . 33 . emily ( cont 'd ) it 's not that big of a deal . I mean , compare to Congress , and get marry , and whatever . mother well , what be it , then ? she take a deep breath . emily a poem I write - be go to be publish . next week . in the college magazine . absolute silence . deafen , hair-raise silence . silence that could crush you . then , Edward speak - very low , and icy . edward I do not think I hear you correctly . say that again . the color go out of Emily 's face . emily my poem - will be publish . edward how. dare . you . Emily 's face get even more pale , as she realize how ugly this be go to be . edward ( cont 'd ) have I , or have I not , make it quite clear that I do not approve of a woman seek to build herself a literary reputation ? Emily , barely , nod . edward ( cont 'd ) and yet you have go and do it . silence . edward ( cont 'd ) well . be there any way to stop it ? Emily , scared , shake she head . 34 . emily ( quiet ) it 's already go to print . Edward slam he fist down on the table . edward you - wick - girl ! you will bring shame upon this family ! Emily look at she mother , and find only more disapproval . edward ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) you mother be right ! we have give you too much freedom - and you have take advantage of we kindness ! oh , this be a bad time , Emily - a very bad time indeed , that you have choose to exhibit such scandalous behavior ! my god , you will ruin the good name of dickinson !!! again , Edward slam both fist down . the plate clatter . everyone besides he and Emily , all at once , get up and leave the room . Emily be alone at the big table with she father , and he rage . edward ( cont 'd ) do you not understand , Emily , that we have a reputation to protect in this town ? he wait for a response . she say nothing . edward ( cont 'd ) speak to I when I address you . speak !!! emily ( hoarse ) yes , Father . edward the dickinson have live in amherst for two hundred year . we make this town what it be . everyone know that . ( more ) edward ( cont 'd ) but you grandfather be a drunk , and a debtor , and he practically squander everything my ancestor work so hard to build . I have spend my life clean up he mess . I have scrimp , and sacrifice - and by God 's grace , I have restore we family to its good stand . and now , I refuse to have my effort undone by my own daughter !!! another fist -slam on the table . edward ( cont 'd ) this - foolishness of yours - we will have no more of it . you will be correct and proper in all you way . you will tend to you duty , as you mother do . you have much room for improvement , there . look - I see my plate be chip . you set the table , do not you ? do you give the master of the house a chip plate ? Emily be silent . edward ( cont 'd ) now . as punishment - you will clean up in here . and in the kitchen . alone . Edward stand up and leave . 35 . Emily wait a moment , by herself . the room be silent . then , she stand up . walk around to she father 's pick up he plate . it be , indeed , chipped . Emily stare at the plate for a second . then , she around and hurl it at the stone fireplace . the plate shatter . ext . front walkway - night from a distance , we see Emily wait outside the the moonlight . she wear a overcoat , and a scarf . a black carriage pull by white horse roll up . a hand reach out of the carriage . take Emily 's step in . place . turn house , in hand . she 36 . the carriage roll away . int . carriage - night Inside the carriage , Emily sit across from she companion : the strange man she see earlier , at the funeral . this be Emily 's lover . this be death . death Nice to see you . emily you be late . death most people would be glad if I never come . emily not I . I always want to see you . death smile at she . death so , you poem be go to be publish . emily no . Father will not allow it . death I think you say it be too late to stop it . emily Father will burn every copy , if he have to . anything to prevent I from ruin the good name of dickinson . death laugh . death my dear , you will be the only dickinson they talk about in two hundred year . I promise you that . emily even if my poem be never publish ? 37 . death publicity be not the same as immortality . emily immortality be nothing . all it take be be very good and well - behave . and then you go to heaven . death that 's not the kind I mean . you immortality will not come from follow the rule . it will come from break they . Emily smile at he . emily today at Mary 's funeral , they say she be go to heaven . be it true ? death shrug . death I suppose . she be kind of blah . Emily laugh . her body relax into the seat . she look at death , flirtatiously . emily when will you come for I ? death I come for you every night , my darling . emily no - not just for a ride . to take I away from this place . death ah . not for many , many year . emily but you take Mary . do you love she more than I ? death just laugh . he pat the seat next to he . Emily get up and squeeze in beside he . the carriage ride through the darkened street of amherst , under the moon . 38 . int . kitchen - night Emily be finish up the arduous task of clean the entire kitchen by herself , after dinner . she be sweaty , dirty , and tired . she wipe a hand on she forehead . some ash from the fireplace smudge she brow . int . upstair hallway - night Emily trudge upstairs and run into Austin , in the upstairs hallway . he 's in he pajamas . austin another fight with dad , huh ? Emily shake she head , exhaust . austin ( cont 'd ) do not be too hard on he , em . I know he can be tough - but he only want to protect we . Emily say nothing . austin ( cont 'd ) can I tell you a secret ? she look at he . austin ( cont 'd ) I be happy we be not move to Detroit . I feel better here , with the family . Emily give he a small smile . austin ( cont 'd ) hey - do I a favor . emily yeah ? austin do what you can - to cheer up Sue . she 's so depressed . I be worried about she . emily sure . of course . 39 . austin thanks , sis . the sibling be now interrupt by the appearance of they mother , in she nightgown . mother Emily - get to sleep . we need you up bright and early tomorrow . another suitor be come . emily oh , great . who be it this time ? mother a pig farmer , from South hadley . emily sexy . Austin laugh . mother shoos they both off to they room . mother go to bed ! int . emily 's bedroom - night in the moonlit shadow of she bedroom , Emily sit at she tiny write desk , by the window . she light a candle , take out she pencil , close she eye , and think . emily ( v.o . ) '' because I could not stop for death ... '' there be a knock on she door . startle , she leap up , blows out the candle , and jump in bed , under the cover . another knock . emily ( from bed ) who be it ? the door open . stand in the doorway be she father . he 's wear a nightgown himself , and a knitted nightcap . edward Emily . be you awake . 40 . emily ( sit up ) yes , Father . edward May I come in ? emily yes , you may . Edward come in , shut the door behind he . he sit down on the bed , next to Emily . he wait a beat or two , then speak . edward I be rather gruff with you tonight . another beat . edward ( cont 'd ) I would hate to think that you be angry with I . she say nothing . edward ( cont 'd ) you just - you can not know how I worry about you child . he look at she . then , unexpectedly , he break into a sob . edward ( cont 'd ) ( cry ) oh , Emily ! emily ( disturb ) Father , what be it ! oh , Father , do not cry ! edward I just do not want to lose you , Emmy . promise I ! promise I , okay ? emily promise you what ? edward promise you will not get marry and move away . 41 . Edward clutches Emily 's hand , and stare at she through he tear . it 's touch , though deeply strange . emily I will not leave you , dad . he smile . edward oh , that make I happy . keep the family together , that 's what I say . do not let it get tear apart . now Edward lie down in Emily 's narrow bed , beside she . his head rest on she pillow . she lie down next to he . emily hey dad . can you promise I something , too ? edward what be it , my dear ? Emily stare up at the ceiling . emily promise I - that we can hire a may . Edward , against all he better judgement , laugh . edward oh , Emily . all right . she grin . he close he eye , and within second , fall fast asleep . he start to snore . as soon as Emily realize that he 's sleep , she carefully climb out of bed , and return to she writing desk . she sit down at her desk , in the moonlight . she start to write . emily ( v.0 . ) '' because I could not stop for death / he kindly stop for I . / the carriage hold but just ourselves / and immortality . '' she finish write . punctuate she sentence . leans back . emily ( to herself ) naile it . 42 . a final burst of music . this time , it 's kanye . the remix of the daft punk song , '' stronger . '' kanye '' N - n - now that do not kill I / can only make I stronger ... '' we leave Emily , at she desk , and go out the window , into the night . kanye ( cont 'd ) '' I need you to hurry up now / Cause I can not wait much longer ... '' the big dickinson house glow , eerie , in the moonlight . in the sky , there be thousand of star . fade out .