jarhead by Sill ero : es fade in : ext . le - " at - day we see pattern , a study in plane and shape : not discrete volume but a shimmer , almost liquid mass , elusive . and with the shape there be a glare , a whiteness , the play of light on sand , reflect to sky and back again . it could be cloud , could be earth , feel somewhere in between . then with full sunrise it separate into sharp clarity : the desert prism , aching blue sky , a palette of whiteness beneath . we hear the voice of ANTHONY swofford ( swoff ) - swoff ( v.o. ) I leok at the sky , blue like no blue I have know before , and at the desert that will not stop . there be a vastness to it , a endlessness , and a hostility too . man be not mean to linger long here . swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) this be the pain of the landscape , worse than the heat , worse than the fly -- there be no get out of the land . the desert be everywhere . the mirage be everywhere . awake , asleep . High heat of the afternoon or the few soft sunless hour of early morning ... and the glare shift and shine in we eye . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I be still in the desert . we go to black . title : jarhead int . boot camp barracks ~- night a cramped , low -ceil barrack room . low light , bunk with footlocker , a few plastic chair again the wall . in he immaculate uniform and smoky the bear hat , drill instructor burke strut back and forth in front of recruit do squat thrust . we see swoff { 17 ) struggle to do he squat thrust . he .s physically strong but with a look of slight panic ; as :f he nas finally achieve a dream and find it very different from what he expect . revise lst draft - 4/26/94 cf 5.1 . burke point at three recruit line up to one side , + 1xe outcast . DI burke i know this three cum receptacle be not the only one who have lie to my Marine Corps . if it 's drug we all find it . if you be a puffer we will catch you ass-dork in the shower . or we will find the cock Magazine under you rack . you be not faggot , be you ? you faggot bus to Hollywood leave ten minute ago . some recruit give each other the eye , but burke 's challenge be greet by silence . DI burke ( cont would ) okay , do not help I out here . I will figure it out for myself . ( wheel on swoff ) you , swofford . that sure be pretty blue eye . you sure you be not a homo ? I know you lie . each and every one of you . push - up till Jesus come again ! the exhaust recruit switch to push-up , and burke switch to Mr. Nice guy , the recruit 's best friend . DI burke ( cont not ) now girl , what I be do here be , I be give you a option . tell I now , if it 's nothing major we forget about it . Hell , we be not talk murder one here . Chicken shit stuff . like wetting you bed . faking you high school diploma . like ... ( to one of the three ) what do you do again , cum face ? first recruit sex with a minor , sir . swoff and the other be get really tired . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 DI burke like fuck teenace sussy . tell I now , ' cause once ycou be in the fleet and they find out you lie on you contract they will slam you in the brig . and I guaran - fuck - tee you do not want to he there . ( so sweetly ) come on , do yourself a favor . swoff Sir , the recruit will admit something , Sir . what a relief : he can rest . DI burke do I tell you to stop ? swoff resume he push-up , with great effort . swoff the recruit will admit to occasional recreational drug use , Sir . DI burke {neutral ) I be listen . swoff I try cocaine once . push -up. swoff ( cont have ) marijuana , twice . push-up. swoff ( cont would ) lsd . twice . DI burke ( enraged new ) get over here , you cum-sucker ! swoff stand up with the three outcast recruit . the DI 's smoky the bear hat jab into swoff 's face . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 DI burke ( cont would ) you fuck - for-brain . you no pecker . you lily - white b.- 0 ! {a gimlet eye on swoff ) you look like the kind of dim wit that read book . be I right ? swcff the recruit have read a book or two , drill instructor . DI burke Fucking a! a genius . you all be my scribe . DI burke motion he to a large blackboard nearby . burke hold up a photocopy of the footlocker display . DI burke ( cont would ) you girl see this ? it be how each and every one of you will have you perfect footlocker in my perfect fuck Marine Corps . {to swoff ) you draw this up . I want a Michelangelo on this blackboard . a fuck Michelangelo . int . boot camp barracks - moment later sweating and nervous , swoff desperately try to draw the footlocker on the blackboard . in the b.g. burke run the other recruit around the squad bay backwards , shouting cadence . they stumble and fall all over themselves . swoff ( v.0 . ) like most good Marines , I hate the Corps . I hate be a marine because more than all of the thing in the world I want to be -- smart , famous , sexy , drunk , fuck , high , alone , understocd , love , forgiven - - more than all of that thing , 1 be a marine . a grunt . a jarhead . we be close on swoff as he try to draw . DI burke ( 0.c. ) platocn ! halt ! swotf draw with even more desperation . we hear burke approach . revise lst draft ~ 4/20/04 DI burke ( cont no ) wrat in the fuck be this ? he stare at the draw , a complete mess . swoff ( voice break from the tension ) Sir , it 's the recruit 's draw of the footlocker , Sir . DI burke Jesus , Joseph and doggie-style Mary , that look like a pile of dog shit . my two - year- old daughter can draw better than that . swoff Sir , the recruit have never be good at draw , Sir . DI burke why the fuck be you my scribe then ? be not my scribe suppose to know how to draw ? swoff Sir , the recruit do not know . the C recruit think the scribe be suppose to write , Sir . DI burke of course the recruit do not know . the recruit do not know because I have not tell he . and do not fuck tell I what my shithead scribe be suppose to do . you be my shithead scribe because someone fuck up . you should be in the retard platoon , learn to draw with crayon and throw you shit on the bulkhead . burke look at the draw on the blackboard . DI burke ( cont no ) alright cum -for-brain , where exactly do you skivvy and run shoe go ? swoff look at the draw , try to decipher it as burke keep slapping he cn the back of the head . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 swoff ws ir , -- ( slap ) -- the recruit -- { slap ) ~- can not read while -- ( slap ) -- the drill instructor -- ( slap ) -- be hit -- ( slap ) -~-his head . DI burke you can not read while I '' give you leve tap ? how the fuck be you go to fire you rifle when grenade be go off in you face ? ( beat ) what the fuck be you even do here ? swoff I get lose on the way to college . bang ! burke hit swoff one more time , really hard , slamm swofti 's face into the blackboard . freeze frame : swoff 's head smashed into blackboard . swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont no ) I could not not be there , that be the truth . a quick succession of vignettes ext . hawali ~-day swcff ( v.c . ) after all , I be make in a war . through the open dcocr of a hotel room we see a couple make love . swcff ( v.0 . ) ( cont no ) here 's Mr. and Mrs. swofford , on r&r from Vietnam . cutside the window , palm tree sway in the breeze . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 swoff ' v.0 . ) ( cont ‘d} I can not watch , and neither can you . the door close on we . ext . beirut -- on tv a tv screen . bloody marine be pull from the rubble in Beirut . boy swoff ( 14 ) watch with he mom and dad . swoff ( v.0 . ) Beirut , October 23 , 1983 . 220 marine kill by a single suicide bomber . full of emotion , the Boy swoff stand up and begin to sing . swoff ( cont no ) '' from the hall of montezuma to the shore of - - " dad can it . I be try to watch this . int . swofford house -- night Mom be irone while Boy swoff , hake to he skinny waist , watch . swoff ( v.o. ) so I make my mother iron my future onto my chest . Mom hold up the T-shirt , with a usmc emblem irone on . she have a look of motherly concern . Boy swoff 's eye light up . swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont no ) and there be other reason , too . swoff’s bedroom -- night swoff ( now 17 ) make love up against the wail with he girl - friend kristina ( 18 ) . she be more sensual than beautiful : every teen - age boy 's fantasy . kristina oh God I love ycu . swofe I love you tes . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 } she stare at he with teen - age devotion . kristina I will write you every day . int . squad BAY - return to scene - freeze frame swoff 's face be still plaster to the blackboard . swoff ( v.0 . ) but right now I want the DI to beat I up more . I want he to beat the live shit out of I . then maybe I would fail . then maybe I would get out . back to real time . boom ! he hit the floor . int . barracks duty school - day captain curtis be speak , sit at he desk . captain curtis swofford . in its wisdom , the fleet Marine Force have request that I transfer two of my man from barrack and embassy duty to a grunt battalion . you be go to be one of they . we pull back to reveal swoff , in full dress blue uniform , with white glove . swoff Sir , the private have a contract for barrack duty . Paris , France . captain curtis shit on you contract . swoff can not believe the Captain say that . swoff Sir ? revise ist draft - 4/20/04 captain curtis 2 say shit on you centract . this be the Marine Corps , not law fuck school . you believe zhe bullshit the recruiter tell you . that 's not my fuck problem . ( beat ) michael . you know why I be send michael ? swope Sir , no Sir . captain curtis because he 's be try to get out of my Marine Corps by pretend to be a retard . he come in here dress in a pink fuck bolo and jack off on my desk . do you think the american ambassador in Paris be go to want some jarhead 's jizm all over he desk ? swoff probably not , Sir . captain curtis Fucking a' he would not . swoff but , why I Sir ? Captain curtis pull out a folder . captain curtis because you be a drug addict . ( tap the file ) say so right here . we can not send you to Paris . the fuck frog would think that 's what the Marine Corps be , a bunch of drug addict . swoff Sir , the private be not a drug add : re only experiment or or twice . he have not take do in two year . captain curtis this be you lucky day , swofford . '' give you a shot at become a real Marine , not some dress - up doll . sismiss . revise 1 drafz - 4/20/06 10 swoff stare at he , desperate . then , suddenly : swoff you cum -suck , dick -skin , fuck - for-brain , no - pecker ass - hole : you want to see where you can stick you fuck order ? he drop he trousers , and moon the captain . captain curtis nlook up from papers ) I say dismiss . back to what swoff really do . he stand there , in full uniform , exactly as he be . swoff thank you sir . int . bus --day swoff be on a bus with other Marines , on he way to Camp pendleton . he 's stare out the window . swoff ( v.0 . ) underwear be skivvy , a hat be a cover , hand be dickskinner , a mouth be a cum receptacle , a flashlight be a moonbeam , a bed be a rack , a shirt be a blouse . a tie be still a tie , and a belt a belt ... the bus pull into the gate at pendleton swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ++- but many other thing would never be the same . ext . camp pendleton - day swoff step off the bus . we be close on he face . swoff ( soft , to himself } Holy shit . we see what he see : face he be a formation of terrifying Marines , face paint and special weapon . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 11 they stand very still , they eve focus far away in that thousand - yard stare . this be in ct a sniper scuad , but neither we nor swoff know it yet . int . JOHN - camp pendleton ~ day reading the myth of sisyphus , swoff sit on the john . he unwrap some ex - lax gum , jam it into he mouth , chew , he eye on the book . he unwrap another package , jam it in . int . infirmary - camp pendleton - same in a hospital gown , swoff emerge from the toilet . we hear the sound of it flush . he slowly walk back to he bed , pass the nurse as he go . nurse still get that '' stomach flu '' swofford ? swoff can not seem to shake it . ext . base theatre - camp pendleton - day in he hospital gown with a robe on , swoff mount letter on the movie marquee . he stand back to admire he handiwork . on the marquee we see '' fuck it '' above '' showing all day '' . int . 7th marine headquarters - camp pendleton ~ day swoff snap to attention , shouting in he best boot camp voice . swoff private swofford ! report for duty , sergeant ! sergeant fuller Jesus , do not yell , I be sit right here . this be not boot camp . staff sergeant fuller , he chest festoon with ribbon , look over swoff 's papers . laconic but with a falcon 's hard eye , he 's be in almost 30 year and have see it all . revise ist draft ~ 4/20/04 12 sergeant fuller ( cont no ) you the pissant who try to get out of -he United States Marine Corps with ex-fuck - llax ? swoff uh , no sergeant . constipation . I over-medicate . sergeant fuller sure you do . ( read ) say here you old man be in viet nam . swoff yes , sergeant . the Air Force . he build hot runway . sergeant fuller the fuck Air farce . he ever tell you about it ? do he live ? swoff yes , he live . he only talk about it once . sergeant fuller if he only talk about it once , he be not lie . ( beat ) so what would he say if he know he son be a fuck coward ? swoff ( beat ) he would not like it , sergeant . sergeant fuller consider swoff , as if try to decide what to do with he . sergeant fuller you play any instrument ? swoff I play the trumpet in third grade , sergeant . sergeant fuller trumpet ? can you still play ? swoff maybe , serceant . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 sergeant fuller maybe my ass . ( beat ) I '' go to help you out . get you a nice soft job . you will not have to carry a rifle , just a sidearm and bugle . Light duty twice a day , sunrise and sunset . you might be interested in that , huh ? swoff I might be , sergeant . sergeant fuller you be not as dumb as you look . I need a bugler . someone to blow tap and reveille and the battle march . raise morale , that kind of shit . ah , he 's save . swoff try to hide he elation . sergeant fuller look away . he 's do with swoff . sergeant fuller ( cont would ) Stow you gear in the rec room , meet I at the flagpole at 0900 for battalion formation and bugle tryout . ext . flagpole - camp pendleton - day sergeant fuller wait , look even more world weary . swoff approach , eager to get start with he cushy new job . swoff private swofford report for bugle tryout , staff sergeant . sergeant fuller do not have a bugle . he ignore swoff . his eye be on the battalion , pour out onto the parade deck behind he . we hear shout , command , troops line up . sergeant fuller okay . let I hear you play reveille . ( beat ) play reveille goddamnit ! swof sergeant , I do not have a bugle . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 sergeant fuller play it with you goddamn mouth . sergeant fuller make bugle sound . ba-bu-da-da-da-da . swoff begin to make the sound with he lip . sergeant fuller pull out a kazoo . sergeant fuller ( cont would ) here . now play " twinkle , twinkle Little Star . '' swoff take the kazoo and try to play '' twinkle , . twinkle Little Star . '' sergeant fuller watch impassively . in the gather formation marine begin to laugh . sergeant fuller ( cont would ) stop , stop , stop . Jesus . swoff lower the kazoo . sergeant fuller ( cont would ) there be not a bugle job , you fuck moron . swoff Sir ? sergeant fuller ( look swoff in the eye ) you fuck we , we fuck you right back . swoff can not help but smile . sergeant fuller ( cont ’d} God help I , I do not know why , but I like you swofford . you be a killer , not a goddamn bugle player . whether you know it or not , you be a goddamn Marine Corps grunt . you be the most savage , the meanest , the crudest , the most unforgive creature in god 's cruel kingdom . swoff ( not convinced ) aye -aye , sergeant . sergeant fuller I be put you in third platoon . golf company . third 's full of drunk and halfwit . {more } revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ay sergeant fuller ( cont would ) maybe you could elevate the son of bitch a bit . swwof ? thanks , sergeant . sergeant fuller do not thank I , just co not fuck die . int , golf company - camp pendleton - day swoff enter a crowded room . some drunken , tough -look Marines be gather around a unmade rack . the branded marine hold up he trouser leg as the branding marine use a propane torch to heat wire coat hanger bent to form the letter usmc . the Marines look over at swoff . the hanger pulse red hot . the brand Marine shove the four-letter contraption against the brand Marine 's outer calf . the brand Marine bite he fist until he tooth break skin and blood flow down he arm . tear stream from he eye . Marines yell encouragement . the brand Marine see swoff , watch in horror . branding marine hey , fucko be here . ( beat ) I need some fresh fuck meat ! all get he ! get the boot motherfucker ! Marines pile on top of swoff , yell and laugh . they bind swoff 's hand behind he back with a electrical extension cord and jam dirty underwear into he mouth . branding marine next !! swoff stare as the Marine with the propane torch reheat the hanger . they pull up swoff 's trouser leg , expose the white skin of he calf . branded marine get some ! swoff struggle as the red hot usmc wire advance toward he flesh . Marines yell encouragement : '' barbecue ! '' " get the sauce , boy ! '' reviseg ist draft - 4/20/04 av close on swoff 's face . sweat pour off he forehead , he eye look like a hunt animal 's . the coat hanger descend . swoff 's eye roll back in he head . fie pass out . int . golf company - camp pendleton - night a large Hawaiian marine ( graycochea ) slowly unty swoff , pull the gag out . we recognize he as one of the guy hold swoff down as he be brand . graycockea here , drink this . he offer swoff a glass of orange foul - look stuff . swoff take a long drink , choke . swoff what the hell be that ? graycochea gin and gatorade . you can hydrate and catch a drunk at the same time . swoff slowly move he hand down he brand leg , he eye follow it . there 's no wound . nothing . swoff look up , not comprehend . graycochea ( cont would ) we switch out the hot brand . it 's a little fuck fuck trick we play on the new guy . that guy we brand , he spend six month in honduras on patrol and all he eat be cocoa and rehydrate pear . in the pi he pay a jeepney driver a hundred buck to drive through the gate at subic Bay , while he fuck a bar girl doggie-style on the hood . and he and the whore be both wear gas mask . that 's the kind of stuff you have get to pull to get a brand . graycochea pour gin into another glass of orange gatorade and take a drink himself . swoff be speechless , still try to absorb what happen . graycochea ( cont would ) wanna see a picture of my girl ? he do not wait for swoff to answer . he reach over to he rack and pick up a picture of a Hawaiian girl who may be as big as graycochea nimse -f. revise ist draft - 4/20/04 af swoff stare at the picture . graycochea wait for he to say somethina . swoff she 's beautiful . graycochea when I get back , I '' go home to the island , go to crawl into bed with she and never get out . he rub the picture with he finger , like a totem . graycochea ( cont no ) what 's you girlfriend 's name ? swoff kristina . graycochea wait , expect something . graycochea well ? he tap the picture of he girlfriend . where 's yours ? : swoff right . swoff fish out a photograph of kristina . she 's wear he old T-shirt with the usmc emblem on it , and nothing else . swoff stare at she with a mixture of pride and desire . very reluctantly , he pass the photo to graycochea . graycochea nice. ( beat ; be : kristina ) skinny . ( beat ) you love she ? swoff stare at the picture . his answer come without hesitation . swoff yes . oh yes . graycochea fuck it . welcome to the suck . ( beat ) you know why we call it the suck ? ( peat ) ( more ) revise ist draft ~ 4/20/04 16 graycochea ( cont would ) because it suck dick to be in it , and when you be in it , it suck the fuck life out of you . we be on swoff 's face : the fake brand , graycochea 's presence , kristina 's picture . gunnery sergeant hier ( 0.s. ) what the fuck be this ? a bunch of bananas ? ext . okinawa - day on screen see : northern training area , okinawa . gunnery sergeant hier , arm akimbo , he face wreathe in mist watch swoff and graycochea as they move forward in the jungle . they have on full pack , helmet , rifle - - complete battle gear . hier be a kind of profane Marine intellectual ; full of wisdom that be more often waste than not . gunnery sergeant hier spread out . one grenade would waste you all . they start to spread out and bump into each other . gunnery sergeant hier ( cont would ) goddamnit ! I have never see a bigger cluster fuck in my life . take five . swoff , graycochea and the other Marines drop they pack by a old World War 2 bunker , a sweeping curve of concrete with huge chunks take out of it . gunnery sergeant hier ( cont would ) any one of you no - clue 's know where we be ? graycochea Okinawa , gunny hier ? gunnery sergeant hier sugar loaf Hill . May 17 , 1945 , a thousand Marines die here . you ass be sit on they fuck bone . that sink in on swoff and the other . they shift they weight uncomfortably . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 gunnery sergeant hier ( cont no ) why do they die , anybody know ? stupid marine for they country , gunny hier : to beat the jap . gunnery sergeant hter fuck that ! they die because they bunched up . pay attention . I have be in the suck since Christ be a corporal . I be go to tell you numb-nut something that be true . and precious few thing be . what be the most powerful fuck weapon in the Marine Corps arsenal ? stupid marine the a-bomb ? gunnery sergeant hier not the '' a - bomb , '' dick -head . gunnery sergeant hier point to he head . gunnery sergeant hier ( cont have ) you brain . News flash : you all have one , even if most of you have not find the fuck switch yet . you brain be what will make you a warrior , nothing else . you do not want to kill another human be . no sane person do . so you must train you brain to have righteous fuck anger ... az swoff be listen now . this guy actually know he shit , for the first time in the Corps swoff be start to think that maybe he could learn something . gunnery sergeant hier ( cont no ) .-. so that you can pull the trigger before the other guy do . so that you can beat he brain out with the butt of you rifle before he gut -stab you with he bayonet . swoff be not sure what to think . a few laugh nervously . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 zv gunnery sergeant hier ( cort no ) go ahead , laugh . fur you use you fuck brain cr wi ... be go to happen ? look the fuck around ! loox where you be ! there 's a moment of silence . swoff look around . stupid Marine raise he hand . gunnery sergeant hier ( cont would ) Jesus , speak up , this be not high school , stupid marine ( with enthusiasm ) one day we will be sit on we own fuck bone ? gunnery sergeant hier that 's one fuck way to put it . swoff can not help but smile . gunnery sergeant hier ( cont have ) fuck it . ( beat ) the smoking lamp be light . if you have get ’em , smoke ‘em , or chew ‘em , I do not give a shit . ' a couple of Marines pull out cigarettes . a few other pull out can of chew tobacco and stuff it into they mouth . swoff and graycochea do neither . weak marine what a crock of shit . ( beat ) I can not walk another fuck step . swoff look over at a weak marine who be breathe hard , barely make it . what a ass hole . swoff ( exasperate ) here . give I you mortar round . swoff reach over and begin unstrap the mortar round from the weak Marine 's pack . weak marine I be go to find a hole and fall in it , break my fucxing leg , swear to God . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 swoff shut the fuck up - ext . okinawa - day - later swoff 's pack be twice as big as it be . they be humping along the edge of a cliff . the cliff narrow . suddenly swoff slip . his hand try to grab for purchase , but he can not . he 's over the side ! ext . cliff - okinawa - same swoff tumble , slide and fall . Holy shit . the cliff be high . ext . bottom cf cliff - okinawa - continuous woomph . swoff land on he back , the pack cushion he fall . for a moment he eye open and then , with a groan , they close . ext . bottom of cliff - okinawa - moment later the corpsman wave some smell salt under swoff 's nose as he feel swoff and shout out he vital . gunnery sergeant hier {to corpsman ) can it , Jesus ! swofford , you alive ? swoff 's eye come barely open . he manage a nod . gunnery sergeant hier ( cont have ) then what the fuck be you do lie on the deck ? there be something like respect in the old gunny 's eye . int . JOHN - okinawa - day still sore from he fall , swoff gently lower himself onto the john . we glimpse br es and scrape on he back . he pull out death on the installment plan and , immeasurably grateful for a moment of peace and solitude , begin to read . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ~) through the slit of the door we can see a couple of marine tussle back and forth , slamm each other into the stall . suddenly we .ear a voice , fill with autho.ity - sergeant siek ( 0.s - ) hey ! this be my fuck a.o . you will take you chicken shit grab - ass out of my a.o. right fuck now . do you read I ? we hear mumble , then a door close . the room be quiet . swoff be wonder , who the fuck be this guy ? we hear footstep on the floor , move toward he . they pause in front of swoff 's stall . sergeant siek ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) swof ford ? swoff ( after a beat ) yo . sergeant siek push the door open . short and totally square away , he look like daffy duck with a tan . sergeant siek you swofford ? swoff . yeah . sergeant siek sergeant siek . I be with surveillance and target Acquisition . sta . { [ { " stay '' ] one shot . one kill . ( beat ) gunny hier tell I you be a hard bastard . that you fall off a cliff out in the nta . full ruck on you back , fifty foot to the ground , walk away . JI hear you read book . swoff I might . he slip he book down , but siek have already see it . sergeant siek well if you be tough and smart and do not complain I think you could be a scout / sni revise lst draft - 4/20/04 23 sergeant siek ( cont would ) now the Major do not want we recruiting so let 's just say a bird tell you to start run more and lift less . he hand swoff some book and manual . sergeant siek ( cont would ) maybe read some of this book on the history of sniping in between this college fuck shit . swoff try to balance the new book as he struggle to keep some dignity on top of the john . siek grab the book swoff be read . examine it like a exotic animal . sergeant siek ( cont would ) that 's some heavy dope , Marine . ( beat ) I be you , I no show up . see if you be as smart as you think you be . he let the door slam back in swoff 's face . swoff pick up the sniper book , open it . int . sta indoc ~ day swoff be in a room full of scout / sniper hopeful , include welty , fowler , vegh , and , look confident , troy . Troy be a small man , but he ooze competence and confidence . sergeant siek hold up a stuff bird by its foot . sergeant siek a snipe . a bird so difficult to shoot that only the most discipline , well - train and artful hunter can take it down . hence , sniper . he pick up a rifle . sergeant siek ( cont would ) anybody know what this be ? Troy raise he hand . troy a 1903 a4 Springfield with a twelve power german unertal scope . swoff and the other look at Troy . who be this guy ? revise ist draft - 4/20/04 sergeant siek affirmative . the Marine sniper weapon of World War ii . he pick up another weapon . sergeant siek ( cont have ) the m40 weapon system from Vietnam . a commercial remington m700 with a heavy barrel equip with the redfield three by nine scope . and this -- he pick up a final weapon . sergeant siek ( cont would ) -- the m40 Al . make by we very own Marine Corps marksmanship training unit at quantico , Virginia . the best sniper rifle in the world . one shot . one kill . out to twelve hundred meter . identical m40 A1 's sit on fold table behind he , like laboratory specimen laid out for dissection . sergeant siek ( cont would ) there be one such rifle on each of this table . you may touch one , you may hold one , you may imagine what it would be like to own one ... ( child - like sing - song ) ».. but you can not fuck have one . ( back to normal voice ) not yet . int . sta indoc - moment later in the b.g. other hopeful examine rifle . swoff reach down and pick one up . it be a beautiful piece of equipment . Love - strike , he run he hand over it . swoff ( v.0 . } you may fire a rifle for many year , and even go to war , and afterward you may turn the rifle in at the armory . but no matter what else you might do with you hand -- love a woman , build a house , change you son 's diaper - - you hand remember the rifle . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 23 ee look cver to the next table . Troy be examine he rifle like a surgeon , with expertise but clinical detachment . holding it , he walk over to swoff . troy you ever see a more perfect piece of machinery ? swoff it 's beautiful . int . sta indoc barracks - day - later swoff watch Troy unpack he stuff . he lay it out in perfect order , as if he whole life be square away long before he join the Marine Corps . swoff 1s also unpack he thing . they be not nearly so neat . Troy take out a photo of a attractive woman in a Marine Corps uniform . swoff sister ? troy fiancee . swoff do not know what to say . the guy be engage to a woman marine ? troy ( cont would ) Allen Troy , greenville , Michigan . p.j3 ns. seal , special force . they nre hype , man . pussy . sta be it . the best . I join the suck for sta . swoff tony swofford . Sacramento . swoff 's not go to offer any more information just yet . he take out the picture of kristina , stare at it for a moment , then prop it up on the window ledge . troy not bad . swcff thanks . troy you be look at ner the same way you be look at the 40 . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 eu swoff = be I ? c cacy yeah , a lot of guy do . like they rifle be a woman . it 's bullshit . that 40 be steel and plastic , man . it 's machine down to a micro - millimeter . there 's two thing every marine 's get to have : a good woman , and a good weapon . but do not go get they mix up , or you will get a major league fuck -over . swoff that 's the paradox . what you love the most may one day fail you . troy ( beat ) fuck if I say that . ext . northern training area - day in full camouflage face paint , sergeant siek address the sta hopeful . swoff be in the front row . he 's beginning to get into this now . c sergeant siek you mission be to kill I . my mission be to kill you first . if 1 win , you go back to the grunt . if , by chance , one of you pathetic shit-head win , there 's a remote possibility you might one day become a sniper . but in case any of you be think , sergeant siek 's on my side ; he 's my friend , he want I to succeed . grow the fuck up . I want each and every one of you to fail . because if you -- he point to stupid Marine . sergeant siek ( cont would ) -- canh become a sniper , what do that make I ? any question ? stupid marine that paintball bullet , they hurt ? siek smile that cheshire cat smile . c revise lst draft ~ 4/20/04 ext . northern training area - day pow !! stupid Marine be hit right in the head . a rise of paint bloom om he forehead , then he fall , scream . stupid marine shit ! fuck ! I can not see ! ext . northern training area - day sergeant siek grin as he lower he rifle . sergeant siek back to the grunt , dickface . a major lower he binocular and tuen to siek . major not in the head , sergeant . you know the rule . sergeant siek my mistake , sir . sure . ext . northern training area - day camouflage paint on he face , swoff crawl through the mud with he m16 . he look around , notice he be out ahead of the other . he look up ahead . there 's Troy , who glance back and give swoff a grin that say , come on , get 4 move on . fuck ! swoff crawl faster . ext . northern training area - day swoff continue to crawl , undetected , in the mud . he see Troy take careful aim and fire . swoff aim he m16 at one of the sta spotter sit on the tailgate of a humvee , binccular in he hand . swoff fire he paint bullet . in the distance one of the instructor keel over . swoff begin to grin . sergeant siek ( 0.5.3 what tne fuck be you grin et ? revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ext . northern training area - day - moment later swoff stand smile with vegh , welty , and fowler , ail of whom pass with he . but stand in front , the honor graduate , be Troy . siek walk down in front of they , he hard face on . then he smile himself . sergeant siek sniper . ext . firing line - day swoff and Troy lie side by side , each with a m40 Al . sergeant siek stand in front of they , hold a coin up in each hand . sergeant siek this , this be a nickel . this , this be a dime . see that target , a thousand yard down range ? you will take three shot , and they must all fit inside this ... ( the dime ) --. not fuck ever this ... ( the nickel ) .-- because the target shoot back . that 's right . you be he target . and I guaran-cking - tee ' that raghead or chink or russkie will be shoot this ... ( the dime ) «+.- 80 if you shoot this ... ( the nickel ) -- or this ... ( produce a quarter ) +..0r God help I , this ... ( reach down , pick up a chrome hub -cap ) +.- you will be dead sniper . and dead sniper be no fuck use to the United States Marine Corps . swoff stare at he . shit . siek walk from in front to stand among they . sergeant siek ( cont have ) look into you scope . they all do . we see swoff adjust he eye to the scope , settling in to the fit . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 '' eo sergeant stek ( cont would ) if you be lucky , in that wandow will one day emerge the figure of the enemy . the quarter head , the JFK shot , the pink mist . now consider you target . we be with swoff as he stare into the eyepiece . he see a blur , something in a jeep . he try to adjust the scope so that the target down range come into focus . slowly the image come into focus : the head of a Russian general . swoff ( v.0 . ) there 's a moment when the target disappear , when you see only the clear intersection of the reticle -- like a bucket of light 's be pour into you scope ... we be inside the scope and see what he be describe . sergeant siek ( 0.c. ) ready on the right ? ready on the leave ? ready on the fire range . gentlemen , commence fire . swoff take a deep breath . his finger gently close on the trigger . so gently . very slow motion now . boom ! we feel the recoil , the muscle on he face jiggle , a puff of smoke from the muzzle , a case eject out to the side . thwack ! the General 's head explode . cotton stuff float gently down . sswoff slowly lift he face off the eyepiece . his eye be bright . swoff ( v.0 . ) the grunt die for nothing , for fifteen thousand poorly place round . the sniper die for that one perfect shor . he set he eye back on the eyepiece . New target . Light pour in , and ... swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) T be nooxecd . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 jou ext . okinawa - jungle - montage ~ time passing --- boom ! a chinese General 's stuff head explode . New target , light pour in ... swoff ( v.0 . ) I want a thankless mission ... ++-boom ! a terrorist 's head explode . New target , light pour in ... swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) I want poor cdd and a likely death ... -.. boom ? a columbian drug lord 's head explode . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) but I be a warrior without a war . I be all foreplay and no climax . int . sta platoon - rec area - day a blow up doll , weight , a wet bar , a big screen tv , and around it be gather the Marines of the sta platoon all silently watch . on screen see : august 2 , 1990 on the tv screen we see iraqi troops and tank intersperse with shot of scream kuwaiti civilian . dan rather ( on tv ) in a surprise blietzkrieg - like attack , early this morning iragi troops invade neighbor Kuwait . the emir of Kuwait have fle Kuwait City . Pentagon source say element of the 82nd airborne division and some marine unit have be put on full alert . troy this be it , boy ! we nre go to fuck war !! they all whoop anc cheer , swoff not least of all . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 gi int . twenty - nine palm - [ *° ? " = R - day buzzzzz . buzzzzz . swoff sit with he buddy get fresh high and tight haircut , jarhead . int . barracks ~- later rucksack pack , the sta man do a final clean of they weapon . swoff lean over he sniper rifle , clean it with a toothbrush . Troy slip he rifle into its case , then look around at he squad . they face be serious , a little worried . can not have thac . troy we need to get a hard on . int . sta platoon - rec area - night on tv : '' apocalypse now '' helicopter fly across the South China Sea to the tune of wagner . rocket shoot out . North vietnamese machine gunner be blow high into the air . we hear the yell and scream of the sta platoon . sta platoon ( 0.s. ) get some ! semper fi! int . sta platoon - rec area - same swoff { v.o. ) Vietnam movie . we biggest wet dream . swoff and he sta buddy lie back against they pack rucksack . they be guzzle beer and watch Vietnam combat . swoff ( v.0.} ( cont no ) pornography for the grunt -- stroking he cock , tickle he ball with the pink feather of history , get he ready for he first real fuck , we pan across the face as the man watch the war movie , bereath the bravado we serse a undercurrent of fear . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 we hear the sound of machine gun and the scream from movie ambush . suddenly they stop . p.a. announcer ( u.5 . ) all personnel from sta 2 / 7 be order to report immediately to battalion headquarters . get some , jarhead ! we be on swoff 's face , as it sink in : this be for real . we be go to fuck war ! int . DC - 10 - day a stewardess in a bright red uniform be go through the safety procedure . she have a sample seat belt in she hand . stewardess I will now demonstrate the proper method of fasten you seat belt . take this end of the belt and insert it firmly into the latch ... with exaggerated care she insert the buckle into the latch . as she do we pan around and see that instead of a civilian flight , the plane be full of jarhead : each and every one of they stare at she hungrily , as if she be the last woman they will ever see . in front of swoff 's row sit escobar , a black Cuban , with cortez , a mexican - american . escobar and cortez be like a Hispanic abbott and costello . escobar ah , chica , come fly my friendly fuck sky , we move back a row , to where Troy and swoff be sit with kuehn , a big red-headed Texan with a perpetual sunburn . kuehn I , I have a choice . join the marine or go to jail . and you know what the shit of it be ? troy if you would go to yail -- kuehn do not spoil the joke , asshole . if I would gene to jail , I have be get out teday ! revise ist draft - 4/20/04 that make swoff laugh . swoff . I drop out of high school , try to join when zi turn 17 . but my dad , he tell the recruiter , nimitate dad ) " no way I be signing that unless you guarantee you will not get my boy tony kill . '' troy I bet that recruiter shit in he class a trousers . swoff I join on my own , six month later . kuehn you poor dumb fuck . my recruiter know the price of every whore from olangapo to stockholm . a whole wide world of pussy . that 's what get I . troy and here you be , head to the desert . no pussy in a thousand mile . swoff fucked by the green weenie again . troy let I tell you something . I sign up because the Corp 's go to be my fuck family . fuck , it 's better than a family - it let I fire weapon 24 / 7 . it always wait up for I . it forgive I when I be dumb and stupid . swoff which be pretty much all the time . Troy nudge swoff . the stewardess be stand there with a funny , makeshift cake . stewardess swoff ? I hear it 's you birthday . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 34 Troy 's set this up . he and the other sta Marines stand up and start sing : " happy birthday dear fuckhead , hapowv birthday to you '' . ext . saudi arabia - day swoff , Troy and the platoon get off the plane into the desert . heat wave shimmer . the tarmac be full of jumbo commercial jet : american , United , Delta . fighter jet patrol the sky . stewardess ( brightly ) good luck , now ... good - bye , now ... good -luck , now . she speak to each of they as they pass she on the ramp , head down , to war . ext . saudi arabia - day swoff and the sta platoon march toward a large , bright green bedouin tent , where the battalion be gather . ext . bedouin tent - saudi arabia - day on screen see : august 1990 . troops in saudi arabia : 15,000 . the sta platoon take they seat with the rest of the battalion just as colonel kazickis mount a makeshift stage , grab a microphone in mid-stride like a Vegas m.c . theatrical as he be , this guy be no caricature : he 's smart and know how to connect to he man . colonel kazickis good afternoon , Marines ! the speaker produce major feedback . a lowly corporal slip out and crouch by the Colonel , try to adjust the volume . marine good afternoon , Colonel . colonel kazickis Jesus , do you just land in a war zone or in a funeral parlor ? good afternoon , Marines ! revise ist draft - 4/20/04 marine ( a little louder ) good afternoon , Colonel . swoff and Troy share a look . colonel kazickis that 's better . I feel my dick move . for that of you who do not know I , 's I '' Colonel kazickis , you battalion commander . we be now part of operation Desert Shield . just north of we -- Saddam Hussein 's get a million iraqi soldier . some of that boy have be fight since you be nine or ten year old . they be tough . thev will stop at nothing . they nve ise nerve gas against the Iranians and the Kurds . here 's a picture . hold it up , sergeant Major . the sergeant major hold up a large photo of dead woman and child . Troy and swoff stare , especially swoff : he hate gas . colonel kazickis ( cont no ) . now as of today , this , Iraqis who cc have invade the defenseless nation of Kuwait be not we concern . we current mission be defensive . we be to protect the Saudi Arabian oil field until further notice . as he speak we pan across the face , the man we know -- swoff , Troy , kuehn , escobar , cortez ~ - - and some we will get to know : welty , vegh , fergus . colonel kazickis ( cont no ) so you will hydrate , you will train , you will adjust to this desert and you will hydrate some more . and you will be ready . you will maintain a constant state of suspicious alertness and one day Saddam Hussein be go to regret pull this sorry shit . behind Troy and swoff , a marine ( fowler ) call out . fowler ( nigh voice } we be go the kick some Iraq : éss ! revise ist draft ~ 4/20/04 Troy and swoff turn to see who it be . it 's fowler , the show - boat , the pain - in - the -ass , lo ~ ~-uth , know - it - all . colonel kazickis what do you say ? fowler stand up . fowler we be go to kick some iraqi ass ! Sir ! colonel kazickis well hell , son , you go to win the Medal of honor all by yourself ? what be the rest of my battalion go to do ? all kick some iraqi ass ! colonel kazickis it 's time for I to retire . I can not hear a fuck thing . we be with swoff and Troy as the entire battalion rise to its foot . all kick some iraqi ass ! the Colonel grin . colonel kazickis that be most definitely more like it . ext . desert - day the sta platoon ride in a humvee , across the desert , head for they new position . swoff stare out : a vast and trackless piace , a infinity of nothingness stretch to the horizon . fowler this defensive position shit suck . we better not be in this shit-hole long . I need to shoot something . revise ist draft ~ 4/20/04 37 troy yeu ‘li get all you want soon enough . we be the marine , not the lame~ass army . first to fuck fight . kuehn yeah , for what ? they all turn to he . what a question . kuehn ( cont would ) I be around this old white fucker all my life . they have all get they fat hand in arab oil . the mother - fucker drink it like it 's beer . that 's why we nre here . to protect they profit . swoff and they progeny . ' kuehn that too , whatever the fuck that be . vegh you talk like a Communist , man . vegh be hungarian - american . he look older than he be and have a immigrant 's unquestion patriotism . welty yeah , we be here to fight for freedom . welty be the corpsman . he have a innocence about he , a softness around the corner of he face . troy we be here , fuckhead . all the rest be bullshic . welty you see that picture . that be kid , man . kuern who do you think give Saddam all he goddamn weapon ? we do . fowler you be so full of shit . revise nst draft ~ 4/20/04 they drive into they new position , a gash in the Saudi desert with > ‘ew rag tent be put up - kuehn look it up . swoff I hate gas , man . troy the good news be , if it get you , you will never know . ext . saudi arabia - next day siek be hold a stop watch and scream ! sgt . siek Gas ! gas! Gas ! swoff and the other be try to pull on they mopp suit , the bulky chemical warfare uniform , hopping on one leg , cursing , fall down . only Troy be almost dress . he ' 's pull on he gas mask . sergeant siek come on ! you fuck skin be melting , you eyeball be leak , you goddam dick be fall off !! siek punch he stop watch . sgt . siek time . stop. stop ! stop ! swoff freeze , one leg in he suit . he look at Troy , who have he gas mask on . he look like someone very familiar . troy {to swoff , as darth vader ) luke ... , luke ... ( beat , still vader ) I need a blow job . sergeant siek two minute , thirty second . you be all dead . id since you be dead you be not go to mind take a little jog in this suit . ready . go . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 39 ke run out of frame , into the desert . Troy follow he . half a '' they suit a '' half out , swoff and the rest stumble and struggle to keep up . ext . desert - minute later not funny anymore . the man struggle and slide in the sand in the heavy rubber suit . we hear they breathe in the gas mask . we look at swoff 's face through the goggle . they mist up . his eye disappear . swoff ( v.0 . ) the UN be united in call for Saddam to withdraw from Kuwait . ext . desert - mos on screen see : U.S. troops in saudi arabia : 200,000 swoff ( v.0 . ) sanction have be impose . Colin Powell discuss war plan with Saudi Arabia , and President Bush keep send in new troops . the man be in formation . they be order to drink . they lift they canteen and swallow . we go down the line as they gulp the water . swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont no ) we , six time a day we hydrate . swoff and the other hold up they canteen bottle to show they nve finish . ext . desert - mos swoff and the sniper patrol around the desert , slip in the sand . the space around they be immense , never-end . swoff ( v.0 . ) we patrol the desert . ext . desert - mos sgt . siek scream { mos ) as swoff and the sniver rush out in fuli gear , jack up cn adrenaline . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 be swoff [ v.0 . ) we go on full alert ext . desert --mos swoff and the sniper suddenly relax , start take off they gear . swoff ( v.0 . ) then we stand down . you can see the stress on they face : up , down , up , down . ext . desert --mos they drink more bottle of water . swoff [ ( v.0 . ) and we hydrate some more . ext . desert - mos they sit on top of a dune , stare into the set sun , out into the desert . swoff ( v.0 . ) and we look north to we still invisible enemy . we wait for they , like a lover . they stare as the sun rise . swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont no ) this be we labor . we wait . int . tent - night out of a mail package swoff pull a small white T-shirt with the Marine Corps emblem , the shirt he mom have make for he . it 's full of memory of kristina , so far away . swoff feel the shirt , hold it to he face , smell it . troy five buck to sniff it . swopf fuck you . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 troy C at least show I the picture . swoff relent and pass a picture of kristina in the T - shirt . swoff that be the last night -- before I leave for boot camp . kuehn ' you last night as a human be . escobar show we the one in the dress blue blouse again . swoff pull out another photo of kristina . in this one she have on nothing but swoff 's dress blue blouse . they compare the two . welty do not she have she own clothes ? they stare at welty ; be you nut ? kuehn ( the dress blue ) | this one , man , it 's hard core . troy ( the T-shirt ) no way , man . this one , it 's more , ..real . swoff come on , give ‘em back . sergeant siek enter with another bag of mail . sergeant siek listen up . we be get letter address to '' any Marine , Iraq '' fergus hey , that 's I . fergus be the newest member of sta . he 's a bit of a doofus , a mid-western kid who can nox quite seem to click in on thing . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 sergeant siek the first one go to the Marines € whe get the least mail . that 's you , cortez . he start hand out letter . escobar yeah , cortez can not even get letter from woman in prison . that 's because they know he 's a mexican . cortez at least my mama do not fry bananas for breakfast , you dumb Cuban . sergeant siek you guy read and respond to every one of this fuck letter . make that girl feel good . cortez eagerly open he letter , then he face fall . cortez oh man . escobar € what ? cortez it 's from a seven year old boy . he want a camie cover . escobar send it to he , you fuck pervert . vegh unfold he letter . his eye light up . vegh ( hungarian accent ) listen to this . ( read ) " I just quit Yale . I like to fuck a lot and drop acid . write I soon if you like to fuck a lot and drop acid . '' kuehn I like to fuck a lot and drop ecid ? show I she picture . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 43 vegh pass the photo around to general aprroval . check this out ! escobar oh , man . Troy hold up a letter . troy what do we have here ? welty recognize it and reach out . welty come on , give it to I . Troy smell it . troy mmmmm . Chemical weapon ? no. pussy juice . welty grab the letter . swoff resume read he letter . troy ( cont have ) what 's up with kristina ? swoff : C she get a job at a hotel . to swoff 's surprise , this get a large response . fowler you be fuck ! kuehn I be sorry , Bud . swoff sorry ? why ? fowler she will have break , dumb fuck . she and one of the jody clerk will co to one of the vacant room . <= bet they have get one all the employee use . probably do not even change the sheet . this sink in on swoff . his face go carx . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 44 troy do not let v-hem fuck with vour head . a job 's just a job . she love you . swoff ( try to be convinced } yeah . swoff would get more emotional but at that moment we hear a sobbing from welty . tear crawl down he cheek . troy hey man , what 's the matter ? welty 's shoulder begin to shake . fowler pick up the letter . fowler hey , let I see that . what 's she do , fuck someone else ? ( read , smiie ) Holy shit .. ( smile fade : read aloud ) '' Bet you do not know you brother 's get a nine- inch dick . and believe I , he know how to use it . '' ( beat ) Holy shit . fowler lower the letter . even he be stunne . this news do not help quell swoff 's nascent doubt about kristina . welty be devastate . he hold he fiancee 's picture in he hand and begin to crumple it up . kuehn no ! give it to I . kuehn grab the photo from welty . he hold it up . kuehn ( cont no ) everybody see this ?? they all stare at the faithiess fiancee . welty be truly devastate . kuehn {cont have ) only one place for it . they all know where he mean . troy Wall of shame . revise lst draft ~ 4/20/04 45 escobar help welty up . escobar come on , man . the rest of they start to leave . swoff just sit there . kuehn swoff , come on . he take one last look at kristina 's letter , maybe wonder just a bit if welty 's fate be in store for he . swoff sure . ext . barracks mess - moment later the Wall of shame . a big board between two post in front of the mess hall , its every square inch cover with photograph of woman stick up with duct tape . and on each piece of duct tape the betrayed marine have write he tale of woe . swoff watch as the other help welty duct tape the photograph of he fiancee to the wall . kuehn hand welty a magic marker , kuehn go on , man . welty begin to write on the duct tape . welty ( v.0 . ) she be my fiancee , with my brother now ... swoff look at a photograph of a woman with a young boy , then examine the write on the duct tape . he hear the voice of the marine whe write it . voice 1 I love she so much and she take my kid and disappear .... swoff look at another photograph : a woman in a bikini , she tongue stick out suggestively . voice 2 stay away from she , she all take all you money , she hang out at the whale Club in ccean :ide . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 46 fwoff hold up kristina 's photograph , wonder how it would look up cn the wall . Troy appear as the other lead welty away . . troy put it away . kristina 's not cheating on you . they be just fuck with you head . swoff look at Troy , slightly relieved . ext . saudi arabia - day the sniper squad be in a circle under a infrare cover . you can see the heat come off the desert . sergeant siek here be the rule . when you talk to this reporter , do not get specific . say you can shoot from far away . say you be highly train . that there be no better shooter in the world than Marine sniper . say you be excited to be here and you believe in the mission and will annihilate the iragis . take off you shirt and show you muscle . kuehn this be censorship . you be tell I what I can and can not say to the press . this be un - american . swoff that 's right . we have freedom of speech . article 1 , the constitution . sergeant siek you sign a contract . you have no raghts . goddamnit , we be not play around . tell you complaint to Saddam Hussein , see if he care . kuern that 's exactly what Saddam Hussein do . you be treat we the same goddamn way . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 ~*~ 47 sergean '' 5iek you be mari.sc . .ere be no such thing as speech that be free . you must pay for everything you say . ext . saudi arabia ~ day the member of sta platoon shave , wash in they helmet , pull on new camy . one hold a mirror for another . swoff and Troy helmet wash they pit , they crotch , they cock . troy I can not get the fuck sand out . it 's everywhere , even in my piss hole . swoff it 's the desert , man . we think we invade it . but it fuck invade we . ext . desert - ir netting - day swoff be watch the now very clean sta Men be interview earnestly by a female reporter , a kind of young Diane sawyer , who have a cameraman with she . female reporter so if you could say one thing to we viewer back home , what would it be ? cortez I believe in we mission . I pelieve we will quickly win this war and send the enemy crawl home . fergus I be proud to be here serve we country . I love God and I love my new harley . they ragheads be go down . troy we can shoot cut someone 's eyeball from a click away . no better shot in the world . ' more ) revise ist draft - 4/20/04 48 troy ( cont would ) they can bomb we and gas we and shoot we and we all keep at an . now it 's swoff 's turn . swoff I do not care about a New World order . I do not care about human rights violation in Kuwait City . Amnesty International , my ass . rape they all , kill they all , sell they cil , pillage they gold , sell they child into prostitution . I do not care about the flag and God and country and Corps . I do not give a fuck about oil and revenue and a million barrel per day and U.S. job . I be twenty year old and I be dumb enough to sign a contract and here I sit , swinging in the ball sack , slopping through the straddle trench of the world , and I can hear they bomb already , I can hear they bomb and I be afraid . sergeant siek ( 0 - S - ) swofford , you be up ! and this be what he really say . swoff I be prepare for anything . I have supreme confidence in all my leader , from my team leader to my president . my father and uncle serve in Vietnam . I be proud to serve my country here . ext . desert - later a football fly through the air . swoff and kuehn and Troy toss it back and forth . in the b.g. we see sergeant siek and Colonel kazickis briefing the female reporter and a few other reporter about the chemical warfare suit : hold the suit up , point out they feature , so on . the rest of the platoon join a impromptu football game . swoff go out for a long pass . he leap over the straddle trench , catch the ball with one hand and slam he face into the desert . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 co ) 49 kuehn ~vuchdown ! swoff jog back in with the ball just as sergeant siek come back with the reporter . troy swoff ! Quick , throw the ball in the shitter ! swoff what ? troy get rid of the fuck ball . swoff do not get it -- not fast enough . sergeant siek swofford , the football . swoff give it to he . Troy roll he eye . look what you do . sergeant siek ( cont would ) Men , this be you lucky day . this reporter want to know how you can fight wear all you chemical warfare gear . so you be go to show they just how well you mopp suit work . ( to general disbelief ) that 's right . get ‘em on . we be go to continue this football game in full gear . troy ( to swoff ) see what you do , ass-hole . welty it 's a hundred and twelve degree . sergeant siek then you will not be need you parkas , will you ? ( beat ) and the Colonel have promise hot shewer truck . and cold soda . revise lst draft - 4/20/06 ext . desert - moment later the man slowly put on they mopp suit . some be bound together with duct tape and nylon ripcord . the mopp suit be in a jungle camouflage . troy just like the Marine Corps , give we jungle suit in the desert . swoff we look like a fuck monty python skit . swoff and the other take a last drink of water , then put they mask on and tie the hood . Troy be ~he last to close up . we be inside swoff 's gas mask as he look out at Troy . it 's like a personal sensory deprivation chamber . troy ready ? his voice come from far away , as if he be talk through a styrofoam cup . swoff fuck it . swoff 's voice have a half - second delay and a kind of echo , as if he 's on a very long distance phone line . troy let 's do it . ext . desert - moment later the game begin again . the man run awkwardly in they mopp suit . swoff 's Pov : Colonel kazickis point out various feature of the suit to the reporter . pass fly . at first the game be touch , then it become tackle . whomf . body slam together . swoff intercept a pass and run it in for a touchdown , then collapse in the sand . they be all bent over at the knee try to catch they breath in they gas mask . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 sergeant 5 sentlemen , the Pentagon say that you can fight at one hundred percent capacity in this gear for eight hour . you have only be play football for twenty minute . let 's go . ext . desert - moment later whomf . they siam together . siek blow a whistle . sergeant siek oshout ) halftime ! ( to the reporter } this mopp suit be fitte with drink tube , so this man will be able to drink from they canteen without remove they gear . swoff 's Pov : over the sound of swoff 's heavy breathe , we hear siek 's voice as if it come from a tunnel . sergeant siek ( cont ’d} Men , this ml ] Al drink tube be design to work perfectly with you canteen and mask . insert the narrow end with you finger extend and join it into the appropriate receptacle on the canteen lid . excellent . swoff break the seal of he gas mask quietly and try to breathe in fresh air . sergeant siek ( cont no ) now extend the tube into the proper fitting in the mask receptacle . kuehn I be fuck dead already , the cap be break on my canteen ! sergeant siek hey , cool it . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 ~*~ troy my drink tube be '' sen . T can not break the seal of my mask because that would kill I . so I will die of dehydration . swoff rip off he mask . sergeant siek okay . okay . he 's try to put a lid on it , but with the reporter there he option be limited . and the man know it . cortez my drink tube fall off in the gas chamber in Okinawa and kuehn step on it . I request a new gas mask four month ago . swoff we all have unserviceable filter in we mask . we be all dead . fowler have be wrestle with he drink tube and canteen and finally he rip he mask off and punt it down the field . fowler Fucking fuck this piece of shit !! sergeant siek Men ! Men ! I '11 speak to supply about this part . now mask on ! play ball ! he 's try to be polite for the reporter , nice fake smile . the man groan and moan and start again . but instead of a nice touch football game , the exercise degenerate at once . kuehn tackle cortez . kuehn remember the alamo ! cortez motherfucker ! he leap up and jump on Troy , who toss he aside . escobar pile on , scream in Spanish . fowler pound vegh . swoff jump in . everyone begin tackle and pile on , 1 n a melee , a laugh shriek dog pile . kuehn King of the desert ! revise lst draft - 4/20/04 53 he ve.is as he struggle to the top of the pile . then som ce yell the dread two word . troy field fuck ! fowler pull kuehn off the top of the pile . move he hip against kuehn . vegh get that virgin Texas ass ! it 's free ! escobar get a picture for he wife ! the poor woman ! siek come run back . sergeant siek stop ! kuehn fowler start I have see the whore you have buy , you sick bastard , I '' the prettiest girl any of you 's ever have ! the reporter have stop take note and siek be desperate . sergeant siek stop ! stop you asshole ! be stare . but the field fuck continue . we see each face in turn . swoff ( v.0o . ) we be not field - fuck kuehn : we be fuck the Colonel , and the sorry , worthless mopp suit , and the goddamn gas mask and canteen with defective part , and President Bush and Dick Cheney and the general , and Saddam Hussein , and the prc -77 radio . swoff step out of the pile , a look of glee rip he gas mask off . we be on he as the continue . swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) we be fuck the world 's television , and CNN ; ( more } revise lst on he face . he field fuck draft - 4/20/04 swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) we be fuck the sand and the bad food and the fuckhead peacenik bac . nome ; we be fuck ourselves for signing the contract , for listen to the soothing lie of the recruiter , for let they call we buddy and pal and dude , luring we into this life of loneliness and boredom and fear . the field fuck subside . kuehn get up . kuehn I have have better fuck from dwarve . ext . desert - same mumbling apology , sergeant siek escort Colonel kazickis and the female reporter back to the land rover . sergeant siek ... it must be the heat . they be a highly train , highly discipline unit , I assure you . ext . desert ~- moment later the last mopp suit be throw into the straddle trench . kuehn douse the suit with fuel and strike a match . kuehn May god please save we ass , because this suit sure will not . half -nake , they stand and watch the suit burn , a small fire of thick black smoke , harbinger of the fire to come . hear the sound of thunder . int . tent - night it 's raining outside . Water drip down the tent flap . swoff and most of the other sit eat mre 's , chew , stare ahead . the tent be much homier , with more personal detail . escobar do push-up , then stand up and look at himself in a field mirror . escobar you be a bad motherfucker . ( beat ) ( more } revise ist draft - 4/20/04 on ) escobar ( cont would ) you will kill hundred of ragheads . you will fulfill you duty . fergus adjust he walkman , then turn up a recording of a motorcycle . fergus ( headphone on , way too loud ) my harley ! no one be interested . dripping wet , Troy enter with the mail bag . troy rain in the fuck desert . what next ? ski season ? swoff you keep the mail dry ? troy Fucking a! neither rain , nor sleet , nor fuck mustard gas keep the jarhead from he fuck mail . ( beat ) swoff , who 's get fire watch tonight ? swoff vegh . vegh oh man , I have it two week ago . swoff which be why you have it again . 0500 . do not fuck zee out or it ‘’ll be my ass . Troy pull out the first letter . troy swoff ! you new dog tag . swoff rip the envelope open , examine the dog tag . swoft shit . troy still say Roman Catholic ? swoff ncd . Troy pass cut more mail . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 swoff fifth cime . cortez it 's a sign from God . he want you to stay with the one true religion . fergus which be Baptist . cortez Jesus be a Catholic , man . swoff reach into he gear , pull out a small lacquer box . troy what difference do it make what you dog tag say ? God know you nre '' no preference . '' kuehn no preference ? man , that sound like you be a religious whore . you will take it in any hole , from any pulpit . swoff I do not even care . I just like get new dog tag . i'like the sound they make . he hold they up . jingle . jingle . Troy hand cortez a letter from the bettom of the bag . cortez hey , look ! I get a answer from my any Marine girl ! there 's general amazement . no way ! finally ! troy hey , that 's the first one . open it . cortez start to open the letter , very carefully . =scobar vegh , you hear from '' acid '' girl ? vegh not yet . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 kueen not ever . cortez look up , a stunne look on he face . cortez empty . he hold the open envelope upside down , shake it . kuehn ( laugh ) that be fuck perfect . his face suddenly pale , swoff look up from read he letter . swoff kristina 's get a '' new friend . '' kuehn a '' new friend ? '' that do not sound good . swoff yeah . he 's the night manager . she say he 's a great listener . kuehn great listener ? man , this be get worse . fowler she 's one of that girl with a military fetish . she 's smile when she tell the jody that the poor shit whose girlfriend he 's fuck be a Marine . kuehn and the jody like tell he friend that the new girl he 's stiffing be a dumb jarhead 's girlfriend . welty everyone love to get over on the jarhead . everyone . they know welty mean it . he 's still numb from lose he fiancee to he brother . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 58 kueen the world be full of jody , man . the world be full of jody . during this mount group paranoia we be on swoff 's face . it 's get darker and darker . troy ( to the other ) go jack off somewhere , you be all fuck lose it . kuehn hey swoff , that 's right . cheer up , we be head back to the rear . get some ac , sleep in a rack , get on the phone to you girlfriend , even if she be cheating on you , swoff look green . he look down at kristina 's letter . on the pink stationery be a draw of a couple hold hand , and the word , '' tony and kristina forever . '' ext . rear - day cU on swoff as he think about kristina . he ride with he sta buddy in a open humvee through the gate of a vast rear area : barb wire perimeter with watch tower , barrack stretch over the sand , a logistical warehouse . there be a spooky feel about this place ; as if this barrack and facility be always here , wait for they . they pass shack where egyptian sell candy and soda . Marines stroll about look cool and clean . a muezzin chant the call to prayer over loud speaker . all activity in the soda and candy shack cease : out come the egyptian , fall prostrate in prayer . we register all this on swoff 's face . int . shower - rear - same swoff stand uncer a shower head , the water pour down he face . his eye be open , stare , focus somewhere else . the other be in the b.g. , swigging coke in the shower , sing , have a ball . around swoff 's foot water swirl into the drain , clogging it with sand . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ~- int . barracks - rear - night swoff sit on the john , hold a picture of kristina . he 's try to masturbate , try to connect to she , but it 's just not happen . int . comm build ~ rear - night row of phone . Marines talk to wife , girlfriend , mother . Troy be deep in conversation with he fiancee . swoff have a phone in he hand . operator ( 0.s. ) number ? number please ? he put it gently down . stare at all he friend , all connect to home , all with someone to talk to . int . barracks - rear - night all the man lie peacefully in they rack . moonlight streak through the window . close on sweff . he lie still , he eye open . at the end of the room the door swing open . a pale figure enter . it 's kristina . she 's dress for visit and carry a bag . she walk slowly down the center of the room . she stop at the end of swoff 's bed and look down at he . she reach down and stroke he cheek . tear well up in he eye . : troy ( 0.s. ) shut the fuck up ! swoff come blink out of he dream . the room be empty . it be early evening , not night . Troy have he face in front of a air conditioner . it blow cool air that feel like a bless . troy ( cont no ) you be taik in you sleep . swoff sit up , still disorient . but one thing he know . swofe I want to go back to the desert . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 Troy do not leave he post in front of the ac . troy what the fuck 's you problem ? swoff tt do not like this place . it 's spooky . like it be build for we , just wait . the Saudis build it so they could stick we in here before we die for they oil . troy you sound like kuehn , man . swoff the desert . it 's honest back there , clean . troy it 's fuck . come on , let 's go see a movie . int . special SERVICES build - rear - night in a group of marine , swoff watch platoon on a big tv screen . Tom berenger have he pistol at the vietnamese woman 's head , scream at she to talk . the image of the video reflect off swoff 's face . suddenly , there be a click and instead of the war movie , we be watch a homemade porn flick . a man whose face be in shadow be do bizarre thing to a woman in a hood . the room erupt in cheer . just as the woman come to orgasm with loud shriek , a marine jump up and scream . betraye marine that 's my wife ! that 's my wife fuck the neighbor ! a goddamn squid ! everyone start to laugh , but the man continue to scream . we see swoff , not laugh , but disturb : this be he own worse nightmare about kristina , play right on the screen . betraye marine ( cont would ) you fuck bitch ! you slut ! he scream and begin to cry . the movie jerk to a stop . light come on . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 ol some of he buddy wrestle the betray Marine out . he 's still scream as the docr slam behind he . in the movie room there be a moment of absolute silence . swoff stare at the now close door . fowler fuck it . let 's watch it again . there 's general agreement : '' Fucking a ! get some ! '' move like a robot , swoff get up and head out the door . troy swoff ? where you go ? do not miss this . but swoff be go . int . barracks - rear - night swoff assemble he m16 with infinite tenderness . the photo of kristina be right there , on the wall , next to he . he hold out the fire pin before insert it into the bolt . he lift the fire pin to he mouth , then slowly slip it in , like he 's taste something forbidden . swoff ( v.0 . ) } I love my rifle . it will not cheat on I . I love it to fuck death . it need to fire . it need to shoot something . who be I to stop it ? int . barracks - rear ~- night swoff lie in he rack , cradling he m16 like a lever . the photo of kristina be right by he face , propped on the side table . he sit up , move very celiberately . he turn the picture face down . very slowly , he put the ml6 muzzle in he mouth . he bend at the waist and place the buttstock of the rifle against the floor . he put he thump cn the trigger . swoff ( v.0 . } cereprum , cerebellum , Corpus callesum , pineal body , medulla oblcngata . ( more ) revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ~) swoff ( V - o. ) ( cont would ) the trip my bullet will take . the JFK shot , but this time the pink mist will be I . you can hear the sound of he tooth scraping on the metal . swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) it turn the trigger selector . ( there 's a soft click ) burst . there 's ]l be three round , not one , circle around inside my skull . he re-position the rifle in he mouth . his hand play around the trigger . we study he face . be he go to do it ? we can not tell . bang ! the decor slam open . swoff look up , confuse , as Troy enter the room . troy what the fuck ?! he slap swoff hard against the back of he head and grab the weapon . swoff stare for a moment , not register what have happen , think perhaps he 's already dead . troy ( cont no ) what the fuck , fuck ? swoff run he tongue around he mouth . swoff you chip my tooth . troy you no shoot yourself without let I watch ? you selfish , selfish fuck . I think we be friend . swoff I be just fuck around . I know you be walk in the door . Troy hit the eject button , drop the clip out , pull back the bolt and eject the round from the chamber . Troy toss the rifle on the rack . troy they play the movie again . that poor jarhead . {mor= ) revise ist draft - 4/20/04 troy ( cont would ) half the battalion pive assort tanker asshole car= '* ' to watch he wife get fuck . and you want to kill yourself ? ( beat ) I need to go for a run . come on , let 's go . swoff do not move . troy ( cont would ) let 's go . he haul swoff up . ext . rear - moment later swoff and Troy run the perimeter of the base . Troy snap he finger as he run to keep cadence . we hear that snap , and the rhythmic sound of they boot on the sand . troy if this be over kristina , you need to pull yourself together . swoff it 's the wait , the whole fuck cock -tease . it 's the fuck desert . troy I do not give a fuck what it be , just do not pull the goddamn trigger . ext . rear - night / day they run and run . we follow they on a tour of the perimeter ; outside be the dark of the endless desert beyond the shadow of the perimeter light . in pain , Troy rub he groin . he 's chafe himself raw run he friend back to sanity . troy I wish I have rubbed some vaseline in my crotch . swoff I too . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 64 troy fuck it . they keep run . swoff fuck it . in cut we see they run all night long . the darkness give way to sunrise . the muezzin call the egyptian to prayer . finally , swoff stop run . his face be beyond red . chapped and blister , it be like some desert creature . but he have stop . Troy stop with he . his face look even worse . troy done ? swoff nod . swoff done . ext . rear - day they humvee pass through the gate , head back into the desert . swoff take a look back , back at the air-condition world , then turn he face into the hot desert air . ext . desert - day - later on screen : troops in saudi arabia 400,000 the humvee drive back into the sniper 's forward area . more equipment and troops be there , big truck and self - propel vehicle , more howitzer . int . s-2 tent - later Troy lead swoff past row of office marine work on map . swoff 's a little reluctant . troy relax , no one 's go to know . they come to corporal harrigan . his glass sit crooked on he nose . he 's write something on a computer ; he talk into he leave shoulder , like not have a phone cradle there . revise lst draft -~ 4/20/04 bo ccorpcral harrigan yeah ? troy I hear you have cot some good stuff . corporal harrigan fly rumor , on winge foot . ( beat ) you know what I be do ? troy no . corporal harrigan I be write a love letter for the Major . I study classic at Dartmouth . I write all he letter to he wife . '' dear sweet gloria , I wish I be up in you now with a finger in you ass . '' troy I do not think that 's what we want to hear right now . corporal harrigan ( resign ) there 's just no market for poetry any more . ( beat ) forty buck . five gallon . ext . s-2 tent --nmoment later Troy and swoff stand in front of a cargo container tuck behind some tent . corporal harrigan emerge from the dark anterior , carry a enormous jug of homemade hooch . corporal harrigan chateau riyadh . 1991 . int . tent - morning sunlight shine through the window . swoff ily drunk and pass out on he racx . Troy 's rack 18 empty . sergeant siek bang in . sergeant siek swofford ! revise lst draft - 4/20/04 a 66 swoff pull himself out of he rack , blink . sergeant siek ( cont no ) tell I I be have a bad dream ! tell I I do not put you ass in charge ! tell I we be not suppose to be on patrol at oh four thirty . tell I some sweet story about screwing and I nil go back to sleep and one of you asshole idiot will call reveille ! swoff can not tell he that . ext . tent - moment later swoff find fergus lean against the Major 's humvee , asleep . a half eat peanut butter cracker from he mother 's care package in one hand , he walkman in the other play the loop of he harley davidson . swoff kick fergus in the stomach . he come up cough cracker and peanut butter and drop he walkman . we can hear the sound of the harley come out of the headphone . fergus what 's you problem swoff ? swoff what the fuck time do you think it might be ? fergus blink into the sunlight . ext . base - later that morning sweaty and pale , swoff struggle to finish a bottle of water . empty water bottle be strewn around he . a line of full water bottle be beside he . sgt . siek that 's it , drink it down . drink it all down . swoff sputter and choke and gag . he turn and vomit and moan . siek get down next to swoff , speak very quietly . sergeant stek you be not just fuck , swofford . you be double possum fuck . ( more ) revise 1st draft - 4/20/04 sergeant siek ( cont would ) fucked twice by the same two - = pecker possum . cc {beat ) guess what 's next ? ext . shitter supply tent - later swoff report to the s-4 clerk , pfc pottinger , who be in charge of issue a unique set of supplies from he make - shift tent . pfc pottinger affect the pose that he be sorry this have occur and he ’1ll straighten it out as soon as he can . he hand swoff the tool of ignominy . pfc pottinger one fence post . , .one pair welder 's glove ... one pair tong ... five gallon diesel fuel ... ( beat ) +.- one box of match . swoff take it all , balance the glove , the tong and the metal fence post . the clerk check he papers , fill in the requisition . pfc pottinger ( cont ‘dj returning ? C ( beat ) when be you bring they back ? swoff a week . pfc pottinger Jesus . swoff turn to leave . pfc pottinger ( cont would ) do not forget to stir it ... swoff turn back , a murderous look on he face . pfc fpottinger {cont 'd} .»-. while it 's burn ... ( beat ) sorry , dude . revise lst draft ~ 4/20/04 =~ ) ext . shitter - day a 3 - hole , deluxe shitter , with hinge door in back . swoff take a breath , open the door , and use the tong to pull out the first 55 - galion drum . it 's be spray paint with name . swoff recognize one , which make he smile , sort of . he pull out the other two barrel and pour in diesel fuel . just as swoff start to light the match major lincoln approach . he 's a pompous , no bullshit African - american who walk with a ex-athlete 's stiffness . major lincoln hold it right there , marine . swoff Sir ? major lincoln stick one of that back in . swoff they be already full of diesel fuel . major lincoln I do not give a shit if they be full of chanel number 5 . I be not walk to the other side of the perimeter for my morning glory . Major lincoln disappear inside the shitter . as the door close , swoff take out a box of match and strike one . he light a fuse of detonate cord . it crackle and hiss as it snake toward the shitter . swoff hit the deck and cover he head . boom ! we register the explosion on he face . bit and piece of the shitter rain down . swoff smile . ext . shitter - same Major lincoln depart the utterly intact shitter . major lincoln thanks , Marine . I leave you a little present . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 by swcff thank you , sir. as Major lincoln walk away , swoff pull out the barrel , pour 1 n a little more diesel fvel , then light the barrel , one at a time . bilious black smoke pour out , then blow into he face . swoff stir the burn shit , look like he 's go to throw up . ext . tent - day swoff return , he hand biack from the burnt barrel , he face green . Troy be clean the sniper rifle . troy you look like shit . swoff tell I about it . troy help I with the bore . he attaches a cotton pad to the end of the bore brush . swoff hold the rifle while Troy push down from the muzzle , swoff remove the cotten pad which emerge flower - like in the chamber . it be meditative . troy ( cont would ) camel hair brush . swoff hand it to he and he pour lubricant on a cotton pad . Troy brushes the scope . they handle the weapon and its part like lover . troy ( cont would ) there 's a lance corporal . motor Pool . they clean some more . troy ( cont no ) he ' will burn the shitter for the rest of the weex . swoff why would anyone do that ? revise ist draft - 4/20/04 py ) io troy to. inis place , man . it fuck you up . ( beat ) twenty buck a day . Cash only , no i0 we , no porn , no booze . swoff hesitates . troy ( cont no ) you nre get $ 80 a month cash . what do you have to spend it on , pogey bait from the egyptian ? ext . motor pool - later that day lance corporal martini , a pasty - face , stoop kid with evasive eye , slide out from under a humvee . lance corporal martini sure I will do it . swoff hand he some money . swoff 120 buck . it 's all there . lance corporal ' martini just leave the tong and shit . swoff sure . swoff set they down . lance corporal martini a week . you must have really fuck up . lance corporal martini slide back under the humvee . swoff someone do . - and it 's fergus he have in he mind . int . tent ~ later that day clack . ka - jam . Metal on metal as swoff slam he rifle back together . he 's sit cross -leage , he eye net on he rifle or he nand , which move with practise speed . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 71 his eye be on fergus , sit across from he , also try to assemble he weapon . in the b.g. cortez sit vatching he mcpp suit . swoff done . fergus finish . swoff ( cont would ) again . he do it again , never take he eye off fergus . swoff ( cont would ) done . fergus , nervous , drop the bolt , then , he hand shaking , slip it home . swoff ( cont would ) again . there be murder in he voice . fergus swoff -- swopf again ! they start again . swoff 's finger fly . fergus can not do anything right . click . clack . swoff pull back the lock . swoff ( cont have ) done . fergus be not quite finish . swoff ( cont would ) how many 's that , cortez ? cortez ( barely look up ) 26 in a row . swoff reach down and slam in a magazine , dull back the bolt and put the muzzle against fergus 's temple . swopf never , ever fuck over you buddy . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 fa fergus I do not mean to . it be a accident . swoff Accident ? like right now when this trigger slip ? course you mom and dad in , where ? . fergus Kansas . swoff Kansas . they will be sad . i‘1l say it be a accidental discharge . I may even spend some time in the brig , but I ’1ll be the fuck out of Saudi and I nil know what it 's like to kill a man . ( beat ) I be in the fire position know as the sit position . after the prone position it be the platform most likely to enable the Marine to effectively kill he target . his target be a human , generally a enemy , but sometimes by mistake a friend or friendly . we call this friendly fire , or friendly fuck , er get friendly fuck . swoff 's rifle be point straight at fergus 's head . fergus come on swoff , I be really sorry . I do not mean to Zee out on watch . swoff look over to cortez . swoff what do you think cortez ? do you think I will accidentally kill you homeboy frem boot camp ? cortez sure you 'li kill he . accident happen . swcff you do not see shit right ? revise ist draft ~ 4/20/04 he leave . 73 cortez I be not here . this be not even ny room . in fact , I be really not here . fergus swoff I be sorry , I be just sit there bored as fuck think about home . swoff sorry ? that ' 's what you say after iraqi sapper step right over you sleep ass and cut we fuck throat ? he switch the rifle on and off safe . click . click . fergus be muzzle of swoff {cont no ) the m16 a2 service rifle be a air assist gas rifle that fire a 5.56 millimeter ball projectile . maximum range 3,534 foot . muzzle velocity 3100 foot per second . this be my rifle . repeat after I . fergus ..- this be my rifle ... swoff there be many like it but this one be mine . repeat after I . sniveling . the word come out in fragment . the the mi6 be right by he cheek . fergus ---many ...like ...it ... swoff without I my rifle be nothing - repeat after I . fergus ++emy rafle ... nacthing ... swcff without my rifle I be nothing . repeat . after. me. revise ist draft - 4/20/04 fergus be move he lip but we can not hear what he be say . we be on swoff 's face . he really do want to shoot fergus . but ...he ... can not . swoff ( cont would ) fuck . swoff push the magazine release button and the magazine clank down to the floor . he remove the round from the chamber and stick it in fergus 's mouth . swoff ( cont ’d} damn you , you can not even die right . he throw the rifle on the floor and walk out , leave fergus with the round between he tooth . ext . desert - day the sun be high in the sky . Desert and sky blend in the glare . swoff , Troy , and escobar be on patrol . escobar carry the radio . Troy be clearly angry . he motion they to stop . they face outward , but they relaxed posture tell we that after all this month they do not expect to encounter anything . swoff {to Troy ) come on , man . it be not that big a deal . but swoff ' 's feel of guilt tell he he know it be . troy you have a fuck round in the chamber ! you be lock and load on he ! swoff but he sleep on watch . he fuck we all over . troy look , you can kill Iraqis , you can kill you fuck self , I do not give a shit . but if you ever pull crap like that again I will shoot you myself , I swear to fuck god . Troy , revise ist draft ~ 4/20/04 lanl troy do not fuck talk to I . {beat} come on escobar , let 's go chow down over here . as they start to move away swoff hear something . swoff ( loud whisper ) Troy ! troy what fuck now ? swoff there . I hear fire . ( over the dune . escobar it 's a echo , man . swoff like hell it be . swoff gather he gear and start up the dune , alone . Troy watch he go , then turn to escobar . troy fuck it . come on . and they follow swoff up the dune . ext . desert - moment later the three be move tactically . they be suddenly on edge , ready for anything . troy get on the radic . find out if there be any friendly in the area . escobar work with the radio . he look up . not work . escobar fucked . troy try the 5 - foot drop . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 a 76 escobar hold up the radio and drop it . pick up the hanaset . nothing . escobar the fuck Army have satellite and we have this shit . troy fuck it . they head up the next rise , move carefully . cover each other . swoff there . troy where ? ext . desert - he view some bedouin appear out of a mirage , they robe gently wave in the wind . swoff they be spy . be they spy ? troy that be rpg 's . that be fuck rpg 's under they robe . escobar they have get anthrax in that rpg 's . we be go to fuck melt , man . they be wind each other up . swoff begin repeat to himself in Arabic , try to get it right . swoff ( Arabic . subtitled ) iam you friend . Drop you weapon . ( try again , Arabic ) I be you friend . you friend . troy ( to escobar} stay back and cover we . if you see any weapon shoot the fucker . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 77 Troy wave escobar back . ahead they see five camel . swoff switch he right thumb from burst to fire to safe and back to burst . click . click . one of the bedouin wave . Troy wave back . swoff let 's shoot they . all of they , troy easy . he just want to talk . the first bedouin come up , squat a few foot in front of they . he draw 1 n the sand , speak in Arabic , gesture at the camel . the first bedouin have a gentle face . he be scared . Troy and swoff can not understand . more bedouin emerge , eight of they now , this be get very tense . the first bedouin slowly reach for swoff 's rifle , try to show he something . swoff push he back . the first bedouin turn to Troy for help , gesture . troy ( cont would ) give it to he . swoff be you crazy ? troy give it to he . he want tc show we something . swoff unload he rifle , then hand it to the bedouin , who take the weapon the way a child might , point it at the camel and make fire noise . Troy and swoff lock at each other . swoff eight man . five camel . the bedouin inspect swoff 's rifle . swoff suddenly get what he 's try to do . swoff ( cont no ) } he 's look for gunpowder . to see if it 's be fire . he reach out to help the bedovin check the bolt . the bedouin have not open the rifle and do not want to give it back . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 swoff {cont would ) it 's okay . it 's okay - he smile at the bedovin and gesture . there 's a connection between they now . the bedouin understand , hand the rifle over . swoff ( cont would ) that 's good . good . he open up the bolt so that the bedouin can check the chamber . swoff ( cont would ) see ? it clearly have not be fire . the first bedouin nod to swoff , turn and speak in Arabic to the other bedouin . the tension dissolves . the first bedouin hand the rifle back to swoff and nod in respect . swoff nod back . troy hey man , we be sorry about you camel -- the bedouin nod to Troy as well , then walk away . the other follow , back to the camel . swoff and Troy watch they go . swoff I wonder what dumb fuck play target practice with they camel . ext . humvee - later the squad be riding in a open humvee down the highway . swoff and Troy have just tell the bedouin story . welty , fowler and the other be laugh . cortez you should have waste ‘em . bunch ef sand nigger . swoff they be not the iraqis , you asshole . troy yeah , this be they fuck country . revise ist draft - 6/20/04 powler you should sec what -ne 40 do to the head of a fuck camel . * Troy and swoff share a look . of course . who else but fowler would have shot the camel ? swoff what do it do , fowler ? fowler it turn it inside out into about three fuck knot . easy target too . head shot like a motherfucker . troy you be truly a ass-hole . fowler you just have not get to kill anything , that 's you problem . as they talk a mercede sedan approach from the rear . it float back behind they , wait to pass . in front be a upper-class arab , in the back seat a veile arab woman . fowler ( cont would ) check this out ! , as the mercede pass , fowler stand up , held the crossbar with one hand , and pull he other hand to he mouth , flick he tongue between he finger in a obscene gesture . swoff can see the cover woman alone in the back of the mercede . he watch as she eye follow fowler 's crude gesture . he see she eye , lock on fowler , register shock , confusion , disgust . swoff stare as the mercede blow past . fowler ( cont no ) that bitch will never forget I . she want I . swoff stare at fowler . int . tent - night swofif try to sleep . Ze toss and turn . we go in on he face revise ist draft - 4/20/04 swoff's dream a bizarre , empty city -scape . a de chirico painting . swoff , wander through it . the alley be numerous , the woman in they wear veil . all he see be they eye . disease dog wander , addict do drug . the sound of he footstep on pavement . a veile woman approach . he see she eye above the veil . it be kristina . he try to approach she but can get no closer . she turn and head out of the alley . swoff follow she . swoff turn out of the alley and he be in a giant reticle . someone else 's crosshair . Light flood in . a shot ring out . swoff be shot through the eye . he hold he hand up to he face . no blood . where the eye be be a small black hole . fowler spray paint swoff 's name on a warhead . it fire , a stream missile , it come down , head straight for he , right into he and ... a@ mercede speed by . siek be drive . kristina be in the back seat . stare at he , she lift the veil , which become the T-shirt in the photograph . she take it off , revealing she body which be shrivel like a mummy . swoff begin to cough , then choke . he vomit . Sand pour out of he mouth . ext . desert - night swoff come awake , sweat . he run he tongue around he lip , try to swallow . shit . he lie back down , he eye open . we hear howitzer fire in the distance . ext . hq - night swoff and Troy man a .50 Cal sniper rifle set up on the roof . swoff be on the radio while Troy idly scan with the night vision binocular . swoff it 's be week since anybody complain about this place . troy ( shrug ) it 's home now . it 's comfortable . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 om ) bl swofe - guess you can get use to anything . troy at least it 's about to hit the fan . I be so fuck bored . swoff scout-sniper , man . we lead the way . troy you be suppose to be the fuck smart one . wake up . what can we shoot , say , out to 1500 yard ? man , in Vietnam , that be , what , a week ? in worid War I , a year ? here it 's go to be about ten fuck second . by the time we dial in we rifle the fuck war be go to be a mile down the road . swoff what be you say , we be not go to get any kill ? troy face fact , man . swoff stare at he , not believe gung - ho Troy be say this . then Troy see something through he binocular . troy ( cont would ) hey , check this out . swoff move the scope over to look . through scope - he view a office , with a map on the wall . a Marine be update it . swoff the fuck General 's office . swoff move the rifle . the general appear , in the reticle , look very impatient , gesture to a colonel . swoff ' 's finger twitches on the trigger . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 swcff ( cont have ) bang . the General and the Colonel head out of the room . troy do not even think about it . swoff move the scope around the room and stop on 4 Television . swoff look , the fucker 's get CNN . the tv be set to CNN : a reporter be broadcasting news of a SCUD attack in Israel . we see a smoking ruin , civilian in gas mask . Troy begin to read the ticker - tape along the bottom . troy ( read , slowly ) Secretary of Defense Cheney send Delta ferce to look for scud ... just then the Marine who be update the map check to make sure the officer have leave , then change the channel : it 's now MTV . madonna do '' vogue . '' swoff be not that madonna ? troy back to the map . they both move they scope back to the map . we see it more clearly now . troy ( cont have ) it 's the sit map , the real thing . everything they be not fuck tell we . they lower they eye piece , stare at each other . Holy shit . then they both look again . 1 int . tent - night - later the sniper gather around a map they have make up to be the exact duplicate of the general 's . Troy finish up some marking base on note he have in he hand , then turn to start explain it to the other sniper . swoff sit still and silent . all this be get to he . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 as troy cxay , here we be , first Mar div. just South of the oil field in South Kuwait fifty mile inland . the second 's directly to we west . this be over plan line of assault . they stare at it , each imagine the shit hit the fan . troy ( cont have ) here 's the math . on the infantry level , we be outnumber three to one . escobar whistle softly . the man look at each other . fergus what 's that , there , in front of we assault route ? vegh iraqi artillery ... 13,14 ,15 battalion . we have get three . kuehn and look . a iraqi armored brigade - - state of the art Soviet tank . West , to east , across the middle of Kuwait . and a armored division , just south of the oil field . right in front of we . they be all quiet for a moment . fergus I hear they ship in a hundred thousand body bag . this sink in on swoff . he have a feel of impending doom . escobar do they come in size ? ( beat ) seriously , man . I mean welty , you could fit two of he in kuehn 's bag . troy what difference do it make ? escobar i just want a good fit . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 b4 cortez no wrinkle , richt , .° -k? escobar Fucking a , someone 's gotta look good . swoff ( suddenly explode ) you be just dead , stinking up the cargo plane , man , stinking it up with dead fuck you and all the other dead fuck jarhead . maybe some of we , who the fuck know . that 's why we wear this ... ( he hold out he dog tag ) we know who the fuck we be when we be alive ... this be death man , death around we neck ... we get death around we neck . they all stare at swoff . for a moment no one know what to Bay . fergus that 's deep . kuern too many book , man . screw up you head . troy ( after a moment , practical ) Dog tag check . they all start check they dog tag . swoff have one around he neck , one in the loop of he boot . this be the standard style , but there be many variation . Troy 's be paint Marine Corps green ; welty 's shit brown . escobar have four tape together and wrap with camouflage desert tape . vegh start pick something off he . kuehn what the hell 's that ? it 's a hair , a very curly hair vegh have tape to he tag . vegh ( hungarian accent , quite serious } it be a pubic hair of my wife . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 v2 they ..axes they ali laugh , especially with the accent . Fine _y even swoff start to smile . he pick up a letter and open it . some picture fall out . he look at 's they before he read the letter . swoff motherfucker . troy what 's up ? swoff hand he the picture . one of they look 's like a party . his mother be in white next to a beardless round - face man in @ white tuxedo . . in another shot he be kissing swoff 's mother . swoff what do this look like to you ? Troy look through the picture , shuffles they back and forth , return once or twice to one of they . troy Hell swoff , look to I like you mom just marry some fat dude . swoff my mom marry some guy I do not even know . she could have wait until I die in the fuck war or make it home alive , do not you think ? kuehn we be jarhead , man . nobody give a fuck . swoff do not matter . she 's my mother and she marry a stranger . she make I a step son and I have nothing to say about it . what if I do not like the motherfucker ? troy swoffie , it 's not really you business . you mom fall in love , she get marry . you be a grow man , she 's a grow woman . Sne could not wait . ( beat ) ( more ) revise lst draft - 4/20/04 a troy ( cont would ) time do not stop back in the world man , just because we be about to be ir the shit . nothing stay the same , not we mother , not we girlfriend , not nobody . they live they life , man . swoff what the fuck do you know ? you be engage to a woman you have never even fuck , troy that 's because we be save each other for marriage . swoff bullshit . what about all that Okinawa whore ? troy overseas . do not count . swoff you do not know shit ! troy I know you be a jarhead . that 's all I need to know . ( beat ) jar-fuck -head . ( beat ) Marine Corps birthday ? ( beat ) Marine Corps birthday , goddamnit ! swoff November 10 , 1775 . older than the USA . troy Fucking A. birthplace ? swoff tun tavern , Philadelphia . troy Tarawa ? swoff bloodiest battle of worid War iz . troy Dan Daly ? . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 ef swoff kill '' 7 chinese by hand during Boxer Rebellion . 1900 . troy deadliest weapon on earth ? swoff {into it now ) the Marine and he rifle ! troy you want to win you war ? swoff tell it to the Marines ! Troy explode into song . he 's the ring -master now . troy from the hall of montezuma , to the shore of tripoli -- all the other join in . all -- we will fight we country 's battle on the air and , land and sea . vegh jump in , shouting over the song , with fake malice . vegh ( hungarian accent ) give I a fuck break jarhead ! you cum sucker do not love my Corps . you shitbag dishonor the memory of chesty puller every day with you lazy ass lie around on this cot like god damned desert prince jerk you rotten clit . ( beat ) bend and thrust . bend and thrust . my hungarian grandmother 's harder than you swofford ! the tension explode . they pretend to be odis to each other . the whole hooch be on the floor do push -up and squat thrust . someone knock the forebode map over . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 Troy and kuehn go back and forth , point finger in each other face , impersonate they favorite DI 's , the one they hate the most , the same one who teach they the most . someone begin to bend heavy wire . as the wire be bent , a blow torch appear . as the thrashing go on we CUT back and forth to see the wire as it be heat up . the other head - butt and chest - slam each other . now the wire glow red hot . as the tension reach its peak , Troy shout . troy now ! now ! now ! they grab swoff and hold he down . he look and see the brand ... they be all around , yell . the brand come down . swoff 's face as it touch he skin . he scream . then he face slowly change from rage and pain to a kind of acceptance . swoff ( v.0 . ) I no longer care that my mother have complete the crucifixion of my family and marry someone I nve never meet . I have a new family . we linger on swoff as Troy grab he and hold he . troy semper fi , asshole . swoff { v.0 . ) we turn the inside of we hooch into a circus and inside of the circus we can not be injure . Inside ef we circus we can not be touch . the chaos continue all around he . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) but we be insane to believe this . ext . desert ~ day total confusion . truck grind gear . tank engine scream , they track churn sand . tents be strike . the whole battalion be mount up on truck and Humvees and riding on tank . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 by in full gear , swoff and the sniper climb into they humvee . C swoff ( v.o.} the United States Congress support the President 's demand for offensive action against Saddam Hussein . the last ultimatum be issue . we move to the kuwaiti border . the war be so close we can taste it . ext . berm - day swoff and he team get out of they humvee . we be just below a tall berm that mark the kuwaiti border , ext . berm - moment later sergeant seik speak to the sta platoon . he have a laminate briefing sheet in he hand . the man be edgy and nervous . sergeant siek listen up numb nut . I have be order to read you what mister sedom insane have just say to the iraqi people . please do not c consider this a bunch of bullshit. ( read ) '' the mother of all battle be upon we . the sacrifice the iraqi people will make be equal to the importance of the victory . Kuwait be the branch that must be return to the tree . the blood of infidel will flow like a river . Jihad be the way of all arab people . '' he pronounce jihad as jye-had . fergus what the fuck be jye-had ? koehn it mean he think they can kick we ass with the help of Allah . we be the sinner . we be the infidel and thus easily defeat due to we sinning and other pad behavior . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 escobar I have be sinning since I be fourteen . they do not know that in America sinning make you strong . sergeant siek we be now operation Desert Storm , and we be the eye of the storm . we be the fuck righteous hammer of God . that sink in . they all stare away , into themselves . sergeant siek ( cont would ) pass out the syringe . welty start to pass out syringe . swoff take he . sergeant siek ( cont would ) we do not know when we will be go in . we do know there will be gas and it will be fuck nasty . this here be atropine oxime injector that go with you pb pill pak . in the event that you be attack by nerve agent such as somad , that agent will produce immediate casualty if you do not deploy this counter measure most rikki tik . kuehn why the fuck have we already take one cycle of pb and we nre just now be issue the atropine and oxime injector ? sergeant siek ( eye roll ) shut the fuck up , kuehn . swofe they do not want any chemically dead fighter on CNN . sergeant siek in 1987 sodom insane use chemical weapon on the Kurds . kill thousand of they , like fuck that . ( snap finger ) ( more } revise ist draft - 4/20/04 yl sergeant siek ( cont would ) the one that do not die , they fuck new paby be deform : eight tee to a foot , mze '' nal opening , retarded , blina - - such fuck up iittle fucker it would be better just to kill they . you want that , do not take the pill . you do not want that ... ( beat ) «.. take the fuck pill ! there 's silence as that sink in . we be on swoff . sgt . stiek so . remove one pill from you pb pack . now place the pill on you tongue . ( they do ) take you canteen from you ~ belt and swallow water and pill . {they do ) now do not you feel better ? kuehn turn , spit he pill out and kick sand over it . sergeant siek now dig in . dig you hole with the hand God give you . ext . berm ~ day the sound of e-tool strike wet sand . thump . scrape . thump . scrape . it 's a percussive rhythm . swoff and Troy be well down into they fight hole . to the rear , american howitzer fire . boom. boom . add a deep bass to the percussive concert . plane fly overhead . kuehn poke he head up from the next hole . kuehn ( be : the howitzer ) soften that ragheads up ! swoff they better . I hear the Iraqis have bring they big arty up . Russian stuff . 175 's , 8 incher , even bigger . Gas warhead . troy forget the gas . revise ist draft ~ 4/20/04 swoff forget the gas ? be you nut ? troy can you do a fuck thing about it ? ( beat ) then forget it . fergus do not feel like digging a hole . feel like digging a grave . kuehn then make it deeper , you fat fuck . ext . foxholes - night swoff and Troy be pee and watch bomb explode across the horizon . we hear the distant rumble of explosion like thunder and see flash , strobe-like , across the whole line of iraqi position . swoff that poor fucker . Troy pull a flask of whiskey from he cargo pocket . troy . the real stuff . I have be save it for the shit . swoff take a long drink . he pass the flask back . swoff I do not think it would happen . all that deadline . all that talk . it 's a real mother - fuck war . bomb and shit . Chemical weapon . ( beat ) welcome to the mother - fucker . Troy take a long swig . a low scream SOUND come across the sky , take we to : ext . berm-day swoff and Troy be in they hole , eat breakfast . the scream SOUND intensify . Troy and swoff look at each other . what the fuck be that ? revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ~) sergeant siek ( 0.s. ) incoming !!! for a moment we linger on Troy and swoff and then the penny drop . boom ! boom ! boom ! they throw themselves face down as income round explode all around they like fierce , blaze fist . we see the effect of the income in quick cut . kuehn ( yell ) fuck this goddamn shit ! oh fuck god I love my wife ! welty be laugh and shriek . cortez and escobar scream in Spanish . fergus I do not do it ! I do not do it ! swoff rocket ! rocket ! swoff lie cry out to he mother . they all do , to Mom and Jesus . the man 's scream continue over the sound of the round come in . the sand , where the round have impact , look like a abstract charcoal portrait . swoff stare over to where he flak jacket , helmet , weapon and gas mask be stack by he ' fight hole . more round come in . kuehn Gas ! gas! Gas ! '' Troy and swoff exchange a look . more round explode . do they die from the explosion or the gas ? troy fuck . swoff fuck . in the midst of the explosion , Troy crawl out of the hole and grab the gas mask . Sand rain down . swoff and Troy desperately don and clear they gas mask . it 's crazy , disjoint , scary . we hear the sound of swoff breathe inside he gas mask and the sound of he breathe become the sound of he cry . . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I '' not cry because I be afraid , although I be scared shitiess . { more } revise ist draft - 4/20/04 - ~n ) swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I be cry because I be finally in combat . my combat action have commence . suddenly there be a eerie silence . swoff roll over and look down at himself . to he surprise he have piss all over himself . great gout of piss , soaking he trousers , he sock , he bceot . swoff ( cont no ) ( to himself ) Jesus . Troy shout to the other . troy everyone okay ? kuehn yeah , but we could have not be . we could have not be . sergeant siek jump into they position , gas mask on . sergeant siek we have get to find they fuck f.o .! his voice come oddly muddle . théy stare at siek through they gas mask . he rip he gas mask off . sergeant siek ( cont ‘d} they fuck f.o .! he 's get we dial in ! we have get to spot he . more round come down . swoff we radio 's dead . we could not call it in . sergeant siek go to the comm shack . get some battery . swoff stare across the desert . he view - comm shack it 's a long way away . swoff tu 's 2 CC meter . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 sergeant stex run tactically . '' c - ~ ail you gear . good luck . swoff do not move . sergeant siek ( cont no ) } it be not gonna get any closer . ext , berm - day - swoff running gear up , swoff pull on he gas mask and start to run . he 's not twenty yard from the hole when we hear a shout . voice incoming ! round explode . we hear scream from wounded . shout of '' corpsman ! corpsman up ! Jesus ! '' welty head out with he unit one . in the b.g. we see he treat a scream wounded Marine . swoff run , he foot slip in the sand , breathe hard , _ the sand fall around he . he trip , fall into the sand , get up , run again . it 's amazingly slow . swoff ( to himself ) bo not die now . do not die now . round explode all around he . american jet scream over , head for the iragi artillery . int . comm shack - day a lance corporal hand swoff the battery . lance corporal that 's a long fuck run , huh ? swoff stare at he , then look out the bunker . more round land . he summon he courage and head out . ext . berm - fighting hcle - moment late swoff fall back into the hole breathe nard , tear run down be face . ke have the battery . troy what take you so long ? revise ist draft - 4/20/04 '' i swoff fuck you . ext . berm - moment later Troy and swoff take they scope and crawl up to the top of the berm . they scan the area . troy you see anything ? swoff a fuck desert and nothing else . troy get on the radio . swoff pick up the handset . click it . nothing . he look up at Troy , not believe the radio ' 's still dead . troy ( cont no ) the fuck fucker 's fuck fuck . swoff I just run through income to get dead fuck battery . troy welcome to the suck . ext . berm ~ later jet zoom over , scream in the sky , head for the iraqi forward observer position . swoff strain to see through he spetter scope . but all he can make out be flash on the horizon . the bomb make a soft thud , like a e-tool strike a skull . Dust rise from where the bomb land . swoff slowly lower he scope . swoff look at that dust cloud . it 's like that dead fucker last breath . troy motherfucker . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 psy - ops helicopter fly overhead play tapne of the Doors . propaganz : - camphlet blow gently ecross the desert . swoff that 's fuck Vietnam music . can not we get we own music ? troy sound okay to I . he look to he leave , then look again . troy ( cont would ) what the fuck be that ? swoff stare . a huge column of black smoke rise , then another , then another . swoff the oii well , man . they have light the oil well . all along the horizon fire spout up , one after another . Black smoke curl to the sky . we hear a sound like rain . swoff look down at he arm . Black gooey drop start to fall on it . he touch and taste it . kuehn appear , wire . kuehn it 's oil , boy . it 's raining oil . - hallelujah . you ever see that movie , giant ? James Dean , man , dance in oil . ( beat , James Dean imitation ) my well come in , bick . I 'ma rich man . richer than you . the oil gently fall . escobar that Iraqis , they burn they own oil well . they would do anything they cut out you liver and eat it . swoff who tell you that ? you mother ? they be just like we , man . they be lie out there , scared , just like we . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 swoff stick out he tongue to catch some of the oil that 's still raining down on they . there 's a oily slickness to everything . drop of o1l hit swoff 's tongue . troy swoff , close you mouth . that shit 's poison . swoff keep he mouth open . kuehn do , too . swoff it 's black blood . the earth be bleed . sergeant siek appear . sergeant siek get you shit together . we be attack . mopp two . ext . berm - moment later the sta man be in front , they mopp suit on , loose , no gas mask . behind they the battalion have form up in a column . Troy and swoff be check each other 's gear , make sure nothing be loose . it 's very quiet . nothing more to say . more harrier fly overhead . american artillery fire , deep , gut -rattle boom . ext . desert - moment later they head down the other side of the berm , into Kuwait . we see each of we man , mopp suit loosely on . the suit be still in jungle camouflage . wide shot : the man , tiny in the landscape . swoff ( v.0 . ) when you take the first step of you first combat patrol , you be newborn , and every boot - step you take be one step closer to , or farther away from , the land of the live . and the strangest thing about it be ... sweating and exhaust , they crest a dune . suddenly they see it , a sight unlike anything anyone have ever see . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) -+- you never know which way you be walk until you be there . ext . desert - day the result of all that air power and artillery : terrible destruction , burnt - out and bomb - out enemy vehicle , body dead in the vehicle or blow from they . hundred of destroy iragi vehicle , both military and civilian , line the side of the road , freeze in destruction as they try to flee . the man move into it , speechless . they stop . Troy and swoff and the mee stare at the iraqi body and then at each other . troy ( after a long silence ) the poor bastard never have a chance . ( beat ) fuck it . swotf stare up the highway at the endless line of destruction . ext . desert - road of death - day we crane up and see a blacken scar on the desert , stretch for mile as far as we can see , death into the distance . ext . desert - day they stop in a small draw for a water break . the destruction surround they like a amphitheater . they barely make a sound . troy ( eventually ) might as well eat . the boy break out they powder cocca and dehydrated pear in silence . swoff hey , fergus , want my spagnett revise lst draft - 4/20/04 ~! fergus stare at swoff . this be the man who hold he rifle against fergus 's head , now of * < ~°ng he he main meal . fergus sure , swoff . thanks . he take it . swoff wipe he hand . he stick he cracker in he pocket . swoff I have get to take a dump . troy stay in voice contact , man . swoff nod and head up the rise . ext . desert - moment later as swoff crest the rise , he see the remain of a bomb iraqi convoy '' twelve vehicle be in a circle . body be gather around what must have be a campfire . they be burn to a black crisp . swoff stop and stare , take in the horror of it . a few man be dead in the cab of the truck . the hatch of one troop carrier be open . it be pack with body . the man around the fire be bent forward at the waist , sit dead on large steel ammo box . the body be in the same position that swoff 's buddy be in just moment before . on either side be blacken bomb depression like the mark a fist would make in clay . swoff vomit . and again , swish it around in he mouth as if to cover the stink and taste of death . swoff walk to the fire circle . there be a vacant ammunition box , as if reserve for he . he spit into the fire hole , the last of the bile in he mouth . he take out he cracker . six tin coffee cup sit among the remain of the fire . the man 's boot be cook to they foot . the man to swoff 's right have no head . to he leave , the man 's head 1s between he leg , he arm hang at he side . insect swarm . swoff ( v.0o . ) I want to ask the dead man they name and identification number and tell they this will end soon . they must have question for I . ' more } revise ist draft - 4/20/04 swoff ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) but there be distance between the live and the dead . I could bend et the waist , close my eye , and try to join this man in they tight dead circle ... we pull back to see swoff sit there , in the circle of the dead , chew he cracker . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ++- but I be not yet one of they . ext . desert - moment later the man look up to see swoff come back over the rise , troy what take you so long ? ( beat ) anything over there ? swoff no. ( beat ) nothing . ext . desert - night they bivouac within two hundred yard of the burn oil well . the flame shoot hundred of foot into the air . the sound they make be like exhales of extinct beast . they dig individual prone shelter in sand , black and soak in oil . kuehn stop digging . kuehn EI can not take this any more man . I need to get out of this fuck oil . trcy Big you fuck hole . kuehn start to speak but only a sort of animal scream come out . Troy grab kuehn 's shoulder and shake he . troy ( cont would ) wake up kuehn ! come back to I . come back to we . this be war , baby . this be you war . kuehn slowly cather hirself tegether . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ave kuehn gsoddamnit . you know I be here to szaght . I just get to get the heil out of this oil . he sink down to the sand . kueen ( cont would ) this fuck oil . swoff drape he poncho over kuehn as he lie there shaking . swoff no sweat , kuehn . i’11 ] 1 dig you shelter for you . voice gas ! they all scramble to put they gas mask on . cortez can not find he mask . he jump out and run in circle . cortez I be gonna die ! I be gonna die ! escobar tackle he , rip he own gas mask off and force it over cortez 's face to quiet he . escobar shut up and breathe , you crazy fuck mexican ! still panicked and wild - eye , cortez begin to breathe . escobar ( cont would ) {to cortez ) : you okay amigo ? you okay ? tranquilo ? tranquilo ? cortez nod . swoff stare at they , the two antagonist , cortez in escobar 's arm like a child . ext . desert - morning sunlight peek through the pillar of smoke and strike swoff 's gas mask , which be stick to he face . he peel the mask away and gulp in some air . drop of oil spot he face . the fire rage around they . sergeant siek stand there . sergeant siek swoff , you and Troy be go with Fox company . ( more ) revise ist draft - 4/20/04 sergeant siek ( cont would ) they nre go to take the Air fieid . the rest of we ‘il rendezous with the truck and troop carrier . we 'li extract you at 0800 on Day 2 . now we have have beaucoup surrender . Whole fuck unit . but the Republican Guard be still out there . and they be most definitely hard core . so keep you shit together . ext . desert - day Troy and swoff jump up onto a 5 - ton . the grunt eye they high tech sniper rifle . grunt 1 look . the ninjas have arrive . grunt 2 we be safe now , boy . they voice be drip with irony . swoff and Troy get in , silent . ext . desert - day a convoy snake across the desert : tank , apc 's , 5 - ton jamme with Marines . we see swoff and Troy in the midst of this firepower . ext . 5 - ton - day the convoy be stop . up ehead be a rise . a grunt radioman look up from he radio . grunt radioman sniper up . swoff and Troy hesitate for a millisecond . grunt radioman ( cont would ) the six 1s up on the ridge there . ext . desert ~ moment later with celonel kazickis , swoff and Troy be look down on the air fieid . swoff and Troy have they scope . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ive colonel kazickis what do you have ? swoff I count a hundred , maybe a hundred and fifty . they have get rpg 's . couple of quad - 50' . two anti-tank rifle . troy officer in the control tower . swoff shift he scope . his Pov : two tiny figure in a distant tower . swoff get ‘em . 1800 meter . troy wind south southeast five . swoff we need half a click . colonel kazickis go over two dune , dig you hide . all the air be tie up farther north until 17:30 . that 's how long you nve get to show I if 'sta stand for Sun Tan Association . ext . desert - day in they ghillie suit , swoff and Troy move tactically up a dune . in the b.g. we see the battalion pull back into defilade . ext . desert - later swoff and Troy scramble up the next dune . ext . desert / through scope - intercut - still later they position themselves in the sand , carefully conceal . the sun have move across the sxy . they lock through the scope . we see the contro} tower . the officer be go . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 oo avo swoff shit . Troy squint at the set sun . swoff keep he eye in the scope . troy Light 's go . we be fuck . swoff reach over and tap he helmet . Troy look through he binocular . troy ( cont would ) thank you god. ( into radio ) Officer in control tower . the iraqi officer have climb back up into the tower . swoff Range . troy 1200 meter . swoff wind . troy five to seven , west to east . {into radio ) request permission to take the shot . swoff dial in the data . swoeff set . through scope we can see the iraqi officer . they be argue . one want to fight , the other do not . the light bathes in the reticle . that moment every sniper dream about . troy {into radio ) we nave the shor . ( inte radio ) affirmative . ( beat , to swoff} permission to fire . he pick we he dincculer , begin he cnant . revise ist dreft - 4/20/04 106 troy ( cont would ) Fire ...fire ... swoff ' 's finger tighten , light flow into the scope , and then ... major lincoln ( 0.s. ) what the fuck frequency be you on ? swoff and Troy turn to see what the hell be go on . Major lincoln , the same Major who take a dump in swoff 's ready - to - burn shitter , be stand there , with a radioman and a private , who carry a beach chair . major lincoln ( cont have ) I have to hump all the way over here . we get air . I be call it in . swoff what the fuck --? troy we have permission to take the shot . major lincoln tough break . but you be only go to waste one guy . watch this , it ' 1l blow you fuck mind . the private open the lawn chair . major lincoln ( cont have ) ( be : the chair} bad knee . College football . Major lincoln sit in the chair and nod to the radioman , who hand he the handset . Troy and swoff can not believe it . major lincoln ( cont would ) you never know how many chance you be gonna get to do this . Major lincoln begin call in the coordinate for the air strike . ext . desert - moment later we see the combat unfoid from Troy and swoff 's Pov . all they can do be sit and watch , awed spectator . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 al jet scream over . boom ! the whole control tower disappear . Black smoke pour out where the tower be . american tank assault the airfield . the tank maneuver , fire , maneuver . dirt cloud mushroom in the desert . Iraqis fire they 50' . boom ! one of the quad 50 's be blow up . Marines spread out on line , pour out of the apc 's . a few Iraqis drop they weapon and begin to run . more jet arrive , drop high white phosphorous . ext . hide - magic hour it 's later . Major lincoln and he entourage have go . the airfield be a smolder mess . we find Troy and swoff in they hide , the light from the fire play across they face . we hear on they radio the order and message , the sound of war . Far away . finally swoff turn to Troy . swoff we ever go to get to kill anyone ? troy fuck if I know . swoff ( after a moment ) I nve be think . marry a jarhead . it 's like kissing you sister . troy erica 's not a jazhead , shit for brain . she 's a woman Marine . with emphasis on the woman . swofp whatever work , man . I can not say a word , the way I have fuck up . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 troy you have not fuck up . Katrina 's still there for you . you come back , big tough marine in that dress blue , medal all over you chest , you think she will stay with a fuck clerk ?? swoff night manager . troy whatever . the point be , she all be there for you , you just gotta trust she . swoff you be talk about a woman , right ? troy hey , do not be bitter , man . I be not . swoff I ? I be stick in the fuck desert , with a retard engage to a retard , surround by fuck Iraqis with chemical weapon , whiie every jody in the world be bang my girlfriend . troy but you love it . ive after a moment , as the radio war heat up : with sound of fire and scream . swoff sure . what 's not to love ? the radio sputter and die . silence . they realize they be completely alone . swoff ( cont no ) where the fucx be we relief ? Troy look at he watch . troy I have never not have a pick up . siek would not allow it . he have run out here and carry we back on he fuck shcoulicer . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 or : aue swoff maybe they give fergus the map and compass . troy even fergus would find we . let 's lock and load and go find out what the fuck . they hear a scream sound in the sky . swoff Fucking scud ! they be scudd the battalion : troy we do not know that . could be friendly . swoff you ever hear friendly sound like that ? troy fuck . ext . desert - magic hour Troy and swoff be walk on foot , alone , across the eerie emptiness , terrify . fire burn . smoke cover the sun , which have nearly set . the flame and smoke lick the edge of the sky . ext . desert - night night now . the scene be light by the otherworldly light of burn oil fire . they come over a dune just as round land near- by . shit ! they dive to the ground . for a moment they lie there as the sound of the income fade . then , suddenly , the sand give way beneath they ! they be fall with the sand , roll down . whomp . they come to rest at the entrance to a iraqi bunker expose by the explosion . it 's spooky in the shadow . troy come on , man . swcfe I gotta check it cut . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 iiv int . bunker - moment later swoff adjust he eye to the half darkness . the fire outside cast strange shadow . the bunker be empty . the Iraqis have dig shelf into the wall . on one shelf be the picture of a woman with a young boy . swoff run he hand over the shelf . magazine in Arabic be stack neatly . some cigarettes . letter . a few item of gear . he hear a sound , a familiar jingling . he look for it . across the way something glitter in the fire light . swoff walk to it . it 's a set of iraqi dog tag , swinging gently from a stick stick into the side of the bunker . swoff reach for they , take a step closer . his hand close around they . click . he freeze . he slowly look down at he foot . he view - booby trap a gentle breeze blow some sand away beneath he boot . there , under he foot be a pressure ~ release booby trap . on swoff - same swoff 's face turn pale . his leg shake as he try to keep he foot down . ' swoff Troy ... he want to yell but it 's barely a whisper . he lick he lip , try again . swoff ( cont have ) Troy : ext . bunker - moment later Troy 's head appear in the entry . swofpf stop the fuck ! right there ! Troy do not understand . swoff ( cont have ) booby trap , man . I be stand right on cne . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 troy easy , do not move . easy . swoff I do not want to die . troy easy . I be come . swoff no ! you ’1ll blow we both up ! troy shut up . he drop to he knee and crawl forward , probing gentiy with he knife in the floor of the bunker . swoff motherfucker !: int . bunker ~ moment later Troy lie next to swoff . he have he bayonet out . troy it 's pressure release ; so do not move , ckay ? Fucking bounce Betty ’1ll blow off my head and you ball . swopf I be not move . Troy work he bayonet under swoff 's foot , then shift he weight . we hear another click . they look at each other . another one . swoff ( cont would ) no fuck way . troy we be fuck . swoft where be it ? troy right under my butt . swett slowly pull cut nis knife . revise list draft - 4/20/04 112 swoff steady , man . troy no shit . swoff you get mine ? troy I think so . swoff here go . swoff glowly lift off he foot . Troy hold the pressure on . swoff ( cont no ) ( pretend to leave ) see you . troy fuck you . int . bunker - moment later swoff dig under Troy 's butt as Troy hold he knife on swoff 's booby trap . swoff slip he knife under Troy . very slowly . swoff get it . ( beat ) now what ? troy take off you pack . slowly . swoff start to , very carefully . swoff set he pack on Troy 's knife . Troy slowly pull he knife out . no explosion . one to go . troy ( cont would ) okay . okay . good . Troy roll off swoff 's xnife . he set he own pack on swoff 's knife , swoff stop fuck shaking . revise ist Pratt - 4/20/04 he start to pull he knife out , so slowly . there be utter silence ext . bunker - moment later they emerge from the bunker into the desert , into the eerie shadow of the burn oil well . we linger on swoff 's face , still so scared , so glad to be alive . he and Troy share a look . they have just share something only they will ever understand . swoff ( finally ) you okay ? troy yeah . ( beat ) let 's go . they begin to walk . ext . desert - later that night finally they come up to the berm . Black smoke pour up from the other side . a very bad sign . Troy pause and load a grenade into he breech . they approach the top of the rise . swoff they be all dead , Troy , I know it , they fuck gass ‘em . ext . desert - same they start to crawl up the back of the berm . swoff 's face be full of forebode at what they will find . troy '' what ' 's that noise ? and now we hear it toc . a weird kind of cound and scream . sworf fuck , man , they be do ’em right now . they crest the top cf the berm . the first thing they see be what loox like two neac impale on stick . Holy shit . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 they look closer , to see : two gas mask stick on rifle that have be plant upright in the sand . they look past the gas mask and what they see be ... ext . battalion position - there view .- Men lie naked on sleep pad , in the light of the burn well . weapon and ruck and uniform be strewn about the camp . a wild football game be in progress . sergeant siek be hand out cigar and dance shirtless and play a kazoo . the who be piping through the conm tower . that 's the weird sound they hear . other man burn they chemical weapon suit in a huge bonfire . and that 's the pillar of black smoke they see . some Marines roast marshmallow in the tlame . other toss frisbee . a few play poker and shoot crap in the firelight . Troy and swoff can not believe it . ext . battalion position - moment later in full combat gear , swoff and Troy walk into the celebration . nake Marines dance around they . the contrast between swoff and Troy with they weapon and combat gear be intense . siek come up with a big smile . sergeant siek shit . you be still out there . sorry . he look at swoff and Troy in they full gear and laugh . sergeant siek ( cont would ) you guy be overdress . do not you read the fuck invitation ? ( beat ) hey , smile , the motherfucker be over . you do not die . he shove cigar in they mouth . they stand there , still not take it in . kuehn come up , totally smashed , wave he rifle . kuehn it 's over , it 's fuck over ! he fire he m16 into the air , one burst , then another . revise ist draft - 4/25/04 er 115 vege set some ! escobar and cortez begin to dance around , do salsa with each other , scream in Spanish . welty fuck ! bitch ! he scream and fire . Troy take he rifle , fire it once . grin . this be great . he fire some more , and start to scream . swoff watch they all go crazy . and then suddenly he face change , he give himself permission . and now he be fire too , fire and scream . they all be . firing from the hip . not even aim . ejected cartridge fill the air , gleam in the firelignt like firefly . Machine gun kick in now . tracers etch the sky like light pen . they be dance now , on one foot then on the other , fire they weapon and dance in circle like pagan around a fire . scream . laugh . weeping . swoff ( v.o - ) many of the man who live through war do not understand why they be spare . they think they be still alive in order to return home and make money and fuck they wife and get drunk and wave the flag . and above they be the night sky , light by burn well , crisscross by tracers . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I go to war . and I be entitle to say : we belong to 4 fuck situation . int . school bus --day swoff look out a window at a welcoming varade . the other sniper ride with he . ext . twenty - nine palm - califcrnia - day twenty yellow school bus rumble into a town on the high desert . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 ~~ 116 people be cheer , a enthusiastic if rather rag and anticlimactic crowd . they throw plastic yellow ribbon , wave flag . int . bus - same a can of beer come hurl through the window . Troy pick it up and open it , spew beer everywhere . the bus stop . int . bus - same kuehn pull a vietnam vet onto the bus . he wear tatter jeans and a fade camouflage blouse with he Vietnam medais . all the horseplay stop and everyone stare at he . the vet close he mouth and lick he crack lip . vietnam vet thank you . thank you jarhead . they all mutter . sure . no sweat . vietnam vet ( cont have ) I be a Vietnam vet. 26th Marines . ( beat ) we be not all baby killer . you make they see that . you do . outside we hear the cheer of the crowd , we see the wave of the flag . vietnam vet ( cont have ) semper fi , you mother - fucker , semper fi. we look at the face of this man we have come to know , end with swoff . it 's silent on the bus . swoff ( v.0 . ) that sad Vietnam vet in he fade camy , haunt by jungle ghost , lose in America ... he be I . ext . filipino bar - nig T ~ welty stumble out of a a bar girl om he arm . 2 pino bar , blinx in the light , revise lst draft - 4/20/04 117 swoff ( v.0 . ) that jarhead stumbling out of a bar in the pi with a bar girl , madly in drunk hangover love with each other and all thing american , which you can tell by the american flag miniskirt she 's wear and the red , white and blue heel , and the patriotic shit-eate grin on he face , goddam , that be I . ext . pier ~ santa cruz - day a pot-belly older vegh try to handle he wife and 3 kid , who be cover with 1ce cream and kick each other . swoff ( v.0 . ) that one , with the stupid regulation mustachio , the overweight wife from he hometown of bumfuck and three kid in tow , that jarhead be I . int . office - day look smooth in a 3 - piece suit , kuehn give order to a group of other young executive . swoff ( v.0 . ) that smooth operator , move up the ladder , take no prisoner , shoot to ki11 , that jarhead be I . ext . house - SACRAMENTO - day kristina stand by the door of a cottage , stare at swoff , who return she look with such long . they stare at each other , so much between they , so much anger and lust and love and pain . just then a figure appear beside she , a man . his hand go to she shoulder , she hand cover he hand . swoff ( v.0 . ) that peor stiff who come home from the war , and everything he think would be wait for he be go , that pcor dumb fuck , that tarhead be I . revise ist draft - 4/20/04 118 the door close on swoff . int . house ~ iowa ~ night another door open . a long-haire bearded guy in a knit cap stand there . swoff do not recognize he . swoff himself be older now , lose a little hair , put on a few pound . the stranger pull off he knit cap . it 's fergus . ext . iowa - night the two of they be shit - face drunk , run through the , snow - cover street , shouting cadence to each other , sing obscene march song . swoff ( v.0 . ) that jarhead , drunk and rude , shouting they bad behavior and they jarhead bullshit into the quietest civilian recess , the guy everyone love so long as they be somewhere else , that jarhead be I . int . funeral home - michigan - day we see the face of fergus , kuehn , welty , escobar , fowler , vegh , all much change , and finally swoff , look down into a casket . swoff that guy in the casket , who want nothing more than to be a jarhead all he life , who 's drive home from he dead - end civilian job and flip he car on black ice , he be I . and what they see be : Troy , lie dead in the casket . ext . cemetery - day ~ series of shot wide on everyone with the priest speak over the casket . swoff ( v.0 . } and that man , who would offer he life to go back for the chance to kill , that be I . revise lst draft - 4/20/04 t diy we go to swoff 's face . swoff ( v.0o .} ) ( cont have ) but that jarhead who know that when that major take away he «ill he hand he he life , that be also I . the casket be lower into the grave . swoff 's eye be wet . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) and all the jarhead kill and die in every shit corner of the world from 1775 till tomorrow , they will always be I . from above now , as the man disperse , say they last good - by to each other , go they separate way , one by one . int . house - iowa swoff stand at the window , look out . he Pov : snow fall gently . a whiteness , like a shroud , swoff ( v.0. } when I despair , I be alone , and I be often alone . in crowded room and walk the street of we city , I be alone and full of despair . we be back on swoff , stare out at the snow . we hear the word from the beginning of the movie . swoff ( v.0 . ) ( cont no ) awake , asleep , high heat of the afternoon or the few soft sunless hour of early morning ... and now we see what he see . the snow have become the desert . vast , endless , shimmer in the light ci the die sun . swoff ( v.o. ) } ( cont would ) +-- T be still in the desert . and new , in the distance , we see two figure . Troy and swoff , try to find they way home . fade to white revise ist draft - 4/20/04