jason goe to hell : the final friday Story by jay huguely & Adam Marcus screenplay by Dean lorey & jay huguely fade in : 1 ext . crystal lake - dusk we be rapidly move across the water , skim , towards the dark wood on the far shore . 2 ext . back road / int . toyota celica - dusk elizabeth marcus drive she Toyota celica along this heavily wood road . she 's a young woman , innocent look , sweet and pretty . the light be fade . shadows begin to overtake the land . she be obviously some place remote . a sign catch briefly in she headlight say , " crystal lake - 4 mile " . Elizabeth swing the car around a barely see curve in the road . she pull up ... 3 ext . deserted cabin - dusk Elizabeth park the Toyota . she get out , take a look at the cabin . a " for rent " sign hang , tack to the porch at a angle . the place look dark , dirty , uninvite . she move to she rear door , open it and bend in to get she over - night bag . behind she , the darkness gape with the ominous threat of violence . she come back out of the car and move to the cabin . a porch swing , rotted and unusable , bang methodically against the old wood of the house . Elizabeth fumble for the key and drop they . as she bend down to pick off , the " for rent " sign snap it chain and swing down , miss she neck by inch . startle , she rip the sign off and toss it onto the porch with a loud bang . 4 int . deserted cabin - live room - dusk Elizabeth enter . the place be damp and dank . a layer of moldy dust have gather . shadows obscure the corner of the room . Elizabeth put down she bag and grope the wall for a switch . she find one . flip it . the light turn on for a few brief moment ... then sputter and go out . elizabeth shit ... she turn and go back outside . 5 ext . deserted cabin - dusk Elizabeth walk slowly around the cabin , towards a decrepit old woodsh at the edge of a dark , unfriendly wood . she slowly open the door ... a mossy ladder rest against the far wall . Elizabeth enter and walk towards the ladder . suddenly , the woodsh door bang close . Elizabeth shriek then , scrabbling at the door , fling it open and rush outside with the ladder . there be a rustle off among the tree . she hesitates again . footstep on dry leave ? just a gust of wind off the lake ? with a last look over she shoulder , she drag the ladder back towards the cabin and enter . 6 int . deserted cabin - live room - night Elizabeth come back in with the ladder . she pick up she bag , remove a four pack of bulb and , climb on the ladder , replace the bulb in the live room . the light come on ... but it 's scant illumination against the dark night . suddenly , she foot slip on the slimy step of the ladder and she drop the old bulb , which shatter loudly on the floor . grimace , Elizabeth climb down the ladder and quickly sweep up the break glass . have do that , she shut the front door all the way , then put she bag on the bed and open it . she take out a few pair of jeans and some shirt and move to the stand wardrobe . we know that she will open the door of that wardrobe and come face to face with she death . she open the wardrobe . nothing ... just a moth . she put she clothes away . the sound of a branch scraping against the side of the cabin add to the tension . now she turn ... ... there be no one wait there in the doorway . Elizabeth yawn , stretch and walk up the stairwell to the second floor landing , which lead into a pitch black hallway . 7 int . deserted cabin - bathroom - night she move down the hallway , then enter the bathroom and turn on the light . cross to the bathtub , she bend down and turn on the hot water . it come spitting out , brackish and brown at first , then finally clear . she stay , bent over the tub , let the dirty water run down the drain . then she put the plug in , fill the tub for a bath . as it fill , she undress down to the she T-shirt and underwear . she look over to discover that the medicine cabinet door be open . she cross to it and close it . this have get to be the one . she will close that door and there , reflect in the mirror will be ... ... nothing , just the dim illumination of the bathroom light . she bend down to test the temperature of the tub water . it 's good . she remove she underwear and t-shirt , then put one foot in the water , testing it , then ease into the comforting warmth . the light in the bathroom sputter and then burn out . Elizabeth sigh , resign , then continue climb into the tub when -- wham ! 8 int . deserted cabin - live room - night the front door blow open , bang into the wall . 9 int . deserted cabin - bathroom - night Elizabeth turn , startle . she grab she towel ( brush by she makeup bag ) and , wrapping the towel around she , walk slowly down the dark hallway onto the landing . from downstairs , she hear a noise . 10 int . cabin - night bend precariously far out over the landing , she look down onto the first floor . her Pov nothing but the stir of leave , blow into the cabin through the open doorway . on elizabeth as a cool breeze from the doorway make she shiver . slowly , she move towards the stair when we hear that SOUND again from downstairs . what the hell be it ? once again she lean far out over the landing . her Pov still nothing . leave . the whine of the wind . on elizabeth look -- something must have make that noise . then , suddenly , from the perfect darkness behind she , jason voorhee step out , hockey mask in place , machete sharp and ready . Elizabeth stand back up , obscuring jason from view . close on elizabeth feel that something be definitely not right ... in fact , something be really , really wrong . with a panicked expression , she turn around to look behind she . her Pov nothing . darkness . Jason be go . on elizabeth relaxing -- everything 's okay . she turn towards the stair and right into Jason , who raise he machete high . with a scream , she leap backwards as Jason swing , fly through the rotted wood of the railing and crash down onto the first floor . on jason yanking he machete from the wooden bolster on the railing . on elizabeth look down at she towel . it 's slice through -- a thin line of blood crossing she stomach in a diagonal . she run . 11 ext . deserted cabin - night Elizabeth leap from the porch , over a overrun flowerbed , onto the hood of she car . she quickly look behind she . her Pov to see Jason stride through the front door of the the cabin , come for she . on elizabeth as she skid all the way across the hood of the car onto the far side , then run through the tree and brush in front of the house -- she foot bare , she eye panicked . the branch seem to claw at she , tear , scratch ... jason's Pov quickly gain . God , he move fast ! Elizabeth turn , see we and scream . on elizabeth turn back to face forward when -- whack ! she 's clipped by a tree and knock to the ground . she scramble up and look around . her Pov Jason be nowhere to be see . Elizabeth move slowly now , turn around , she breathe quick and panicked . where be he ?! be he toy with she ?! she turn and Jason leap in front of she , machete raise . suddenly , Elizabeth reach into the cleavage at the front of she towel and pull out a small pistol . elizabeth eat I , you bastard ! she fire one shot directly into Jason 's forehead , knock he back at step , then turn and bolt towards -- 12 ext . clearing in wood - night she run into this clear then turn to see Jason rapidly come after she , stride out into the open , raise he machete ready to deliver the lethal blow when , suddenly , intense bright light SNAP on around the clearing stun Jason for a moment . the girl disappear into the treeline as the deafening roar of gunfire crack out from the darkness . there be FBI agent hide behind every tree , bush and rock ... and now , they be all fire on Jason at once . Jason jerk as the bullet tear into he body . then there be a moment ... the FBI agent watch ... wait for Jason to fall . but he do not fall . he stand there . his head turn slowly , search the darkness for he next kill . suddenly , from out of the darkness we hear : FBI agent abernathy incoming ! we hear a muffle shoomp ! sound , then a familiar whistling as a mortar shell descend on Jason in the middle of the clear . the grenade land right at Jason 's foot . a anxious beat ... then ... the mortar explode ! we watch as Jason be blow , irrevocably , limb from limb . on various chunks of jason spin slowly in the air in slo -mo . a arm , something unrecognizable , he head still in the hockey mask , then , finally on jason's black heart spin through the air to finally land , with a wet plop , on the field . it beat once , then once more ... then stop . a moment of silence ... then the rest of the FBI agent emerge from they hide place . there be a eerie after- the-battle silence to the scene . Jason 's crime have be so heinous that even in death , proximity to he mangle remain seem to render a somber atmosphere . agent abernathy make he way through he quiet , somehow stunne man , and over to Elizabeth . he be clearly the man in charge -- he suit alone say that and he demeanor back it up . Elizabeth stand and face he . it be a strange tableau ... the bright light , the smoke in the air , the nearly naked woman face the man in the suit . agent abernathy offer he hand . abernathy good job , agent Marcus . elizabeth ( shaking he hand ) thank you , sir . a t.v. camera be thrust into abernathy 's face . the media have apparently catch wind of this event . reporter scream for " agent abernathy ... you comment ... " " what be you first think when ... " abernathy smile and put on he best " media " face . abernathy lady and gentlemen , please ... please ... the crowd quiet . abernathy ( continue ) it be my pleasure to announce that Jason voorhee be finally and irrevocably ... dead . angle on a lone man sit some distance away on the rise of a hill . his weathered face show a healthy contempt for this somewhat premature celebration . he plug a twisty , homegrown cigar into the corner of he mouth , light a match off the beard stubble on he chin , then fire up the cigar -- a glow coal in the darkness . his hawk 's eye stare at something with ferocious intent ... on jason's heart laying on the ground in the clear , not beat ... but intact . match CUT to : 13 int . hallway outside morgue - night where we see the heart on a roll metal surgical table . pull back to reveal a coroner , a big man in he 30' , as he roll the cart up to a security checkpoint manned by two FBI agent . the coroner hand he i.d. to FBI agent 1 , then lift he arm as FBI agent 2 pat he down . FBI agent 1 okay , sir . the two slide door in front of the coroner slide open and he wheel the metal surgical cart inside , the door close behind he . 14 int . FBI morgue - day the coroner be in the middle of he autopsy . he talk into a microphone as he work , take the dismember part of Jason from a body bag . coroner we have a large male caucasian ... age unknown ... he begin inspect various organ , weigh they , take sample . he work methodically , make verbal note as he work . coroner ( continue ) no indication of cirrhosis . on jason be vile , black heart as the coroner inspect it . coroner the heart be nearly twice the size of a normal heart . malform ... he 's about to lift the heart when ... the heart beat ! the coroner stop . he do not see that . coroner ( try to keep he composure ) it appear to be fill with a black , viscous fluid ... frankly , I do not know what the hell it be . it 's not blood . the heart beat again ! the coroner stare , shocked , transfix . the heart undulate now as it beat ... it be a hypnotic , throbbing pulse . something that have to be stare at . something that awaken deep , impossible craving . it draw the coroner towards it , he eye glassy , transfix by what he see . it beat faster , undulate , a gape , knead maw ... the coroner stare , then reach down and take the now furiously beat heart in he hand . he look at it for a frighteningly long beat . he bring it closer to he face . he would appear to be study it ... try to understand what in God 's name this thing be ... and then he suddenly smile , raise the monstrous organ to he lip ... ... and eat the heart of Jason voorhee ! when he finish the heart , he stand for a moment , not move . then , suddenly , he throat bulge and he begin to scream a horrible scream and , as he scream we CUT to : 15 int . hallway outside morgue - night Dead silence . whatever be go on in that room cannot be hear through the airtight door . the coroner' assistant walk up , carry dinner . the two FBI men stop he . FBI man 1 i.d. assistant you just see I come out of there . FBI man 1 i.d. please . annoy , fumble , the assistant take out he i.d . 16 int . FBI morgue - night the assistant walk in to see the coroner double over . assistant hey , what 's the matter . the coroner straighten , then turn to the assistant . his mouth be smear with black liquid of the heart . assistant ( continue ) you eat already ? I be only go ten minute . the assistant toss the food on the counter as the coroner take a sharp dissecting probe from off the table and walk over to he . the coroner hold the dissect probe up to the Assistant 's face . assistant ( continue ) yes . that 's a probe . suddenly , use he other hand , the coroner shove he index finger up through the soft flesh under the Assistant 's jaw hook he finger through the Assistant 's mouth and jerk the assistant 's head down to smash into the metal examining table then , the coroner take the dissect probe and drive it into the back of the Assistant 's skull . the Assistant spasm ... then go still . the coroner turn and walk to the door , pass by a mirror . on the mirror to see the reflection . it be not the coroner walk by ... it 's jason voorhee , hockey mask in place ! 17 int . hallway outside morgue - night the coroner / Jason stride out of the door and walk past the FBI man . FBI man 1 so that 's the verdict -- be Jason gonna be get up and walk around any time soon ? the coroner / Jason stop and slowly turn back to the two smile FBI man -- there will be doom here very soon . over this we hear : campbell ( v.o. ) tonight , on american casefile ... CUT to : 18 int . stockroom - diner - day full -frame on a tv set whooshing sfx as the word " american casefile " be stamp in red across the screen . behind they , a graphic of Jason 's hockey mask zoom up . campbell ( v.o. ) Jason voorhee -- dead ... or deadly ? CUT to : video photo of the two FBI man from the morgue , dead and bloody , as well as photo of the dead assistant coroner . campbell ( v.o. ) this dramatic photo be take in the aftermath of the autopsy of Jason voorhee , mere hour after he death at the hand of Federal force . the fact : two security man -- dead . a coroner -- dead . another coroner -- miss . be this man victim of a serial killer only believe to be decease ? many say yes . CUT to : 19 int . tv studio - day ROBERT campbell . in he early 30' , he 's get t.v. good look . he speak in the overly serious " journalese " of tabloid television . campbell I be Robert Campbell . tonight , on american casefile , we will talk , via satellite , to Mr. creighton Duke -- the bounty hunter responsible for the capture of six of this country 's most revile serial killer / shot widen to include Duke , play idly with a small dagger . we recognize he as the man who we see watch Jason die . it 's difficult to say how old he be -- it 's he life that have weathered he , not he year . campbell Mr. Duke , how can you claim that Jason voorhee be not truly dead ? duke how many time have Jason be report kill before , Mr. Campbell ? campbell eight time . duke eight time . they have burn he , dip he in nuclear waste -- campbell -- but this time they bomb he and then cremate the body . duke they coulda dance a jig on it a ' feed it to goat -- do not matter . ya ' can not kill Jason by gettin ' rid of he body . he will come back the way he always do , to drag the kiddie into the darkness and crush they little skull -- maybe even you skull , Mr. Campbell . Campbell laugh and smile winningly . campbell well , let 's hope not ! duke yeah , that would be a big shame ... a look between the two of they . campbell in the media , you have frequently be describe as " salty " -- duke -- look , just shut up . let 's cut through the shit . you ask I here because you want I to catch and kill Jason voorhee for ya ' . I will do it , but it will not be easy ... and it will not be cheap . one hundred grand , non - negotiable . campbell I understand . however , we audience should be aware that you only charge forty thousand dollar to catch the Idaho skin stretcher . duke skin stretcher be human . Campbell take a moment to make sure that be not lose on he audience . Duke lean in close . duke ( continue ) let 's get one thing straight , Mr. Campbell . this be not you garden variety serial killer -- there 's only one way to put and end to ' put a ' end to Jason voorhee for all time and I be the only one that know the way . if you want he dead truly dead -- my fee be one hundred grand . you know where to find I . Duke stand . campbell Mr. Duke tonight I be prepare to offer you you sum of one hundred thousand dollar , payable only after you provide american casefile with incontrovertible proof of -- duke -- yeah , yeah , yeah . you just have you hundred grand ready . for that you get the machete ... the mask ... the whole damn thing . 20 int . diner stockroom - day the tv suddenly snap off . reverse angle to see diana kimble , lean back after have just shut it off . sexy , in she early 40' , diana be a waitress here in " joey B 's diner " . many people might be disturb by the notion that Jason voorhee be still alive , but for diana ... this mean something much more . joey B. ( o.s. ) hey ! Lady di! diana whirl around to see joey B. -- the frightening , no - bullshit owner of the diner . she 's a big woman with a big attitude . joey B. I be sorry to cut into you tv time , but there 's a few customer out here who would like to eat sometime this fuckin ' month . 21 int . joey b's diner - day " joey B 's diner " may not be the last place in the world you would want to eat , but it 's at least the second to last . a couple of hockey mask hang from the ceiling and a banner proclaim " jason be dead -- 2 for 1 burger sale ! " hang on the far wall . diana walk out and look at this with a amused dismay . diana this be truly sick . VICKI tell I about it . that come from VICKI , the other waitress in the diner . early 20' , she 's cute and she 's tough . she move off as joey B. step up . joey B. no , this be not sick , diana , this be business . people be gonna come to see Jason 's hometown and they be gonna come with appetite . shelby , joey B. 's husband and cook , lean out the serve window . shelby Di -- food 's up ! diana thanks , Shelby . besides he , ward , Shelby and joey B. 's early 20' son , stick he head out as well . ward ma -- you seriously want I to cut this like this ? he hold up a hamburger patty cut into the shape of a hockey mask -- oval with punch out eyehole . joey B. yes I do ! ward they look stupid ... joey B. well , that 's you dumbass fault -- they be suppose to look like hockey mask ! now watch . joey B. quickly cut a fresh hamburger patty into the appropriate shape , then ball up the cut - away meat and hold it up in front of Ward . joey B. this make a whole new patty ... hence the 2 for 1 burger sale . shelby my God , I love this woman . they kiss . ward you guy make I sick . they break apart . Shelby turn to diana . shelby table 3 , Di . we follow diana as she pick up several plate and walk towards a table , pass by steven FREEMAN who sit at the counter next to he friend randy -- a young cop in uniform . Steven , early 20' and good-look , turn to diana -- what 's he 's about to say be difficult for he but he try to make it seem casual . steven diana -- you hear from jessica lately ? diana yes . she set a plate down in front of he and continue walk . Randy turn to Steven with a wry smile . randy allright , you be gettin ' somewhere ... we follow diana to the table where josh ( 40' ) and sheriff landis sit . diana give everyone they food as Randy walk over and sit down with they . diana ( to josh ) Burger , side of fries . ( to Randy ) double burger , side of ring . ( to sheriff ) meatloaf , side of I . and she lean forward and plant a kiss on he lip . josh smile . josh where the hell be that on the menu ? I would have order a couple . sheriff ( mock threat ) you keep movin ' in on my woman and I might have to take you out back and shoot you . josh yeah , I have see you shoot ... they all smile . it 's a nice moment , until : randy I do not know ... ( bait he ) ... I think you two should just go ahead and get marry . the sheriff turn to he . sheriff I be sorry , son , I be go ' a little deaf in my old age ... what do you say again ? he stare at Randy fixedly . randy I say I think I will just eat my food over by Steven and shut the hell up . sheriff ( to josh ) that 's exactly what I think he say . Randy smile and walk over to Steven as the sheriff turn to diana and affectionately rub she back . sheriff everything go okay ? diana it 's go . sheriff leg give you trouble ? diana not so bad , today . the sheriff watch Randy sit back beside Steven . Steven glance over , catch the sheriff 's eye , then quickly turn away . sheriff Steven buggin ' you ? diana do you have to ask ? josh Jesus , he 's relentless . sheriff let I talk to he , diana . I just need three minute with he . diana ( warningly ) Ed ... sheriff okay . ( a beat ) so how be jessica ? you talk to she lately ? diana yeah , she 's good , consider . that kid just take everything in stride . josh ( mumble into food ) wonder where she get that from ... diana smile at he . diana I gotta get back to work . sheriff okay , I will call you later . she give he a quick kiss , then walk off . josh watch she go , then fix the sheriff with a know stare . sheriff do not say it ... josh grin . he start humming the wedding bell MARCH . sheriff ( continue ) how about this -- I will make you a deal ... I will marry diana when you quit bang edna and concentrate on you wife . josh ( shake he head ) poor , lonely diana ... on diana as she arrive at another table . the customer 's face be hide by a menu . diana what can I get ya ' ? man I will take a voorhee burger and a side of Jason finger . the man lower the menu . it 's Duke . he smile . diana , recognize he , take a step back . she recover quickly . diana anything else ? duke yes . Duke extend he hand . duke ( continue ) creighton Duke . hesitantly , diana shake he hand . diana I know who you be . duke I need to talk to you . diana I be kind of busy right now ... duke I be go to kill Jason voorhee -- and I need you to help I . diana Jason voorhee be dead . duke you know he 's not ... and he 's come for you . diana you food will be right out . she turn to go . duke I will give you ten thousand dollar . that stop she . she turn back . diana no , I -- duke twenty . diana look -- duke thirty . name you price . everyone have a price , what 's yours ? diana look , I do not want you money ! duke then maybe I should offer it to you daughter ... diana do not , at any level , like jessica be bring into the conversation . she lean in close . diana what do you want ? duke you know what I want . you know why I need you . diana you need to leave . duke I know everything about you , diana . diana that 's it , we be do . she turn to go . duke I know who you really be ! this stop she in she track . suddenly , we hear : sheriff what 's the problem here ? diana n...nothing . duke I be just make you girlfriend there a little proposition ... she 's think it over . right , love ? the sheriff step forward . sheriff maybe you should be move on . duke maybe you should mind you own business . sheriff get up ! duke why do not you blow I , Chief . ( a beat ) after you girlfriend get through . the sheriff think a second -- then , suddenly , he swing at Duke . with surprising speed , Duke 's hand dart up , catch the sheriff 's fist . but , with equally surprising speed , landis bring he gun up under the man 's chin . sheriff you be talk about my lady . duke she 's you lady only cause she be not have a taste of the Duke yet . sheriff goddamnit ! he grab Duke , pull he up from the table . duke careful , Chief . I do not think you know who I be . sheriff I know who you be and the last thing we need around here be some freak show " bounty hunter " make trouble . I want you outta town and I want you outta town now ! duke that 's very colorful , chief . sheriff ( to Randy ) take he to my car . I will be out in a minute . randy let 's go . duke he 's comin ' for you , diana ... and you daughter . lock you door . Randy take Duke away . the sheriff turn to diana , a little proud , a little manly . sheriff I be sorry if he upset you ... diana angrily turn to he . diana I do not need you to fight my battle . I do not need any part-time protection . say that , she walk off . the sheriff glance around at the people in the diner then , a little cow , go outside . on diana as she walk up to the counter where Steven sit . steven he seem to think jason' ... ( in Duke 's accent ) ...comin ' fer ya ' ? he smile . she do not . Vicki walk up . VICKI you okay ? diana nod . VICKI ( continue ) okay . Vicki move off . when she do , diana turn to Steven . diana Steven , I need to talk to you . there 's something you do not know about jessica , something you should know . she be go to tell you herself but ... diana look up and stare out the window . her Pov one of joey B 's hockey mask spin slowly in she field of vision , but instead of look cheesy ... it now seem scary ... forebode . diana turn back to Steven . diana ... but there just may not be enough time . if you still care about she , if you still want to try to make thing better between you two ... we should talk . steven so let 's talk . diana no . not here . come by my house tonight at eleven . do not be late . as Steven look at she worried face , we CUT to : 22 ext . joey b's diner - night diana come out the back door of the diner , take the garbage out . Pov shot slowly move in on she , stalking . there shadow , the dark gap of night and wood between she and the trash ... we just know that she be go to die . on the dumpster as diana approach it . she fling it open with a loud bang then dump the trash in . we stay close ... sure she be go into that dumpster with she trash ... but no ... she finish and turn ... ... right into josh ! diana Jesus ! josh sorry , Di . I be just go to my car . I do not mean to frighten you ... diana it 's ... it 's all right . josh take the trash can from she ... carry it back towards the diner . josh listen ... do not you worry about Ed . he will come around . he 's too good a sheriff to let you give he the slip . diana I be just too old for go steady , josh . josh so 's he and he know it . they have reach the diner . he open the door for she . josh ( continue ) everything will work out . trust I on that . diana okay . josh good night , beautiful . diana ' night , josh . she give he a quick hug , then close the diner door , go back inside to clean up . josh step off the porch and around back to the parking lot . stalker' Pov follow he , move in , closer ... in the parking lot edna step out of she car as josh approach . she 's a attractive woman around josh 's age . he smile and move to kiss she . she stop he . edna not here . she look around nervously . edna ( continue ) sorry I be late . josh Bill do not go bowl at the regular time ? edna the League change the damn time ... but we have still get ' till ten - thirty . hop in . josh smile and hurry to the passenger side of the car as edna climb back in behind the wheel . stalker' Pov suddenly rush towards the car , smash into the driver 's door , slamm it shut with tremendous force just as edna 's head be lower to enter . she be dead . stalker' Pov turn to josh who stand freeze in absolute terror . Pov rush at he as we -- CUT to : black , then slowly fade up on : 23 int . voorhee house - room - night close on josh strapped on a metal table . strap across he body . even a strap to hold he head firmly in place . firelight dance across he apparently nude body and he terror-stricken eye . his terror grow as a shadow lean in to cover he face . on the coroner / josh as he look down at josh . it be the coroner we see , but he eye be that black empty pool of Jason 's evil . many large sore cover the man 's face . even as we watch , another seem to push its way forth from the skin . clearly , they weaken the man . he sway slightly . catch he balance ... and raise something into view . a stranger razor . on josh as he begin to whimper . the man lower the razor towards he face . the blade glint in the firelight as the coroner / Jason bring it down , closer ... closer ... until its sharp edge touch josh 's skin . then , suddenly , the man begin to give josh a shave ! the scrape of the razor be loud against josh 's unlather moustache . now the cornoner / Jason move the blade across josh 's Adam 's apple ... carefully , expertly . when the man be finish , there be a long , uncertain beat , then he hand bring a hot towel into view . josh' Pov as the towel be laid over he face . blackness over which we hear the strangled sound of the coroner / Jason breathe -- what the hell be he do ? after a long moment , the towel be lift and , still in josh' Pov we see the coroner / Jason lean in , open he mouth wide , until he face fill the screen . a beat , then josh scream a horrible scream as we CUT to : 24 ext . voorhee house - night there be a dark and evil aura to the house , but it be not the victorian haunt house of some storybook tale of ghost . this a place build as a summer home in the forty ... abandon many year ago ... it look now as if it be dissolve slowly back into the small , encroach corner of the lake behind it and into the wood around it . but the sense of evil do not come from the rot or the decay ... that be just symptom . the sense of evil come from the core of darkness that we can feel in every gape window . in every shadow . in the dark shadow of the tree and the darker water of the lake . as josh continue to scream , we fade to black : 25 int . diner - night Steven and Randy sit by the counter , Vicki stand beside they and we can see Ward back in the kitchen , cooking up some food . steven ( to Vicki ) what do you mean you have never make a prank call ? VICKI never . steven you mean never as in really never , or never as in it be just so stupid you do not want to tell we about it ? VICKI I mean really never . steven I be sorry to hear that . a famous man once say -- there be no worse regret then a temptation resist . a beat . randy Jesus , Steven , that 's ... that 's really lovely . steven I mean , how can you go through life without never have make a prank call ? randy Hell , when Steven be a kid , he be like , have stripper deliver to church bingo and shit . VICKI that 's disgusting . steven disgusting ? bingo night be sell out for six month after that ! they raise enough money to build a day care center . randy it be a community service . steven absolutely . the church even send I a autograph picture of god. ( yell to the back ) Ward ! ward ( shouting from back ) yeah ! steven you ever make a prank call ? ward I call a adoption agency once when I be like nine or something and I tell they I want to trade my mom in for a box of lincoln log . suddenly , a wet sponge come fly in from offscreen and hit Ward in the face . joey B. ( o.s. ) why do not you shut the fuck up and cook that burger ?! ward I really want that fuckin' log . on steven as he get up and walk over to the pay phone in the diner . randy what be you do ? steven show Vicki what she miss out on by be such a dull kid . now , the first thing you need in make a prank call be , of course , a phone . ( hold up the phone ) this one , for instance . randy Steven , c'mon , we be not thirteen ... steven next , you dial a number . VICKI really , Steven , I do not want you to do this ... Steven dial a number . close on the receiver to see Steven click it off out of view of the other . steven ... and it 's now ringing ... ringing ... and -- hello ? Anthony 's pizzeria ? yeah , this be officer Randy parker over at the station . randy oh , c'mon , would you stop , please ? steven be this Anthony ?... yeah , well , I just have one question for you , Anthony -- do you fuck my dog ? randy oh my God , Steven . steven yeah , well somebody fuck she and if I find out it be you , I be gonna come over there and shoot you in the head . randy I be now begging you . steven listen , since I get you on the phone -- ask the guy there if they wanna chip in for a hooker . I will send she right over . her name be Vicki . VICKI Steven ! steven she 's a waitress at joey B 's but she need some extra cash . Ward 's the pimp . VICKI I be literally go to kill you ! steven ten dollar ! Hell , I can not do that to you -- you can have she for a pizza . VICKI a pizza ?! suddenly , Randy walk up to Steven and quickly handcuffs he to the metal phone cord . steven ( to Randy ) Randy , what the fuck ? take this off ! ward set two paper bag down on the counter . ward ( to Randy ) food 's ready . tell the guy at the station the pimp say hi . randy ( take food ) sure thing . see ya ' , Steven . steven Randy , you dipshit ! take this off ! randy sorry , I be work now . you see , I have a job ... steven Randy , c'mon ! randy have a good night . the Steven glance at the clock -- 11:10 . he be suppose to meet diana ten minute ago . steven ah , shit . with startling speed , Steven pop off the cuff on he wrist , hang up , then turn to Randy wave he free wrist . steven wanna know how I do that ? randy yeah ... steven ( Steven smile ) gotta go . see you guy later . he run past Randy to the door of the diner , then stop and turn to he . steven by the way , if you would be pay attention you would have notice I hold the receiver down when I dial -- cop like you should be more observant than that . and he rush out of the diner . randy he drive I so fuck crazy . CUT to : 26 int . diana' house - live room - night in the darkness , the phone ring . a key turn in the door as diana enter . she find the light switch as the phone ring again . the light come on and she dash across the room to answer the phone . diana come ! hold on ! she snatch the phone . diana hello ... sheriff ( from the phone ) June the 19th . diana think a second try to place the caller ... then suddenly smile . diana Ed ... behind diana , a shadowy figure appear in the doorway . we see he as he move forward , but diana do not . 27 int . landis ' squad car - night he 's in he car , talk on the phone . sheriff that 's when my vacation start . if we get marry then , we will have two week in Hawaii . ( a beat ) I love you , diana . I be sorry I have wait this long . let 's do it . 28 int . diana' house - live room - night diana be as happy as she 's ever be . the man ( who we now recognize as josh ) be still approach from the shadow . diana God , Ed , I love you too , I ... now directly behind diana , josh snake a hand out , snatch the receiver from she then slam it back into its cradle . diana only ha time for a startled gasp as josh grab she . he take she head in a firm embrace and draw she face close to he . diana josh ! what be you do ! his lip draw closer and closer to hers . his eye be cold , empty place . she turn she head to the side , away from josh . her eye open in a terror bear of absolute disbelief and a certain knowledge that , except for the pain , she be already dead . diana' Pov on the mirror over the mantle . in the reflection she see not josh , but Jason voorhee , mask in place . diana oh God ... oh Jesus ... on josh / jason as he reach out to diana , turn she head back to he and open he mouth -- it 's dank and vile and there 's something in there , something that writhes horribly , the same ooze color as Jason 's dark heart . as the thing squirm out from between he tooth and towards diana 's lip , she manage to scream last : diana no ! panicked , determine , she reach down and open the drawer of the phone table . Inside be a service revolver . the phone begin to ring again as diana grab the gun and stick it against josh 's temple as the black thing in he mouth begin to pry she lip apart , try to worm inside . she pull the trigger . the shot ring loud in the room . josh / Jason stagger back , fall to he knee . he 's be shot in the back of the head at close range -- it 's a wound that would kill anyone human . the phone continue to ring , until it be knock off it 's cradle by diana as she turn and run to the patio door . it 's lock . she fiddle with it , try to open it , then glance back to make sure josh / Jason be not come for she . josh / Jason be not there . oh , shit . she back against a wall , look around -- where be he ? she turn . he 's not there . she spot the phone and move towards it . then , from the darkness of the shadow ... ... josh / Jason leap out at she , grab she and fling she down to the floor . the injure , but very obviously alive josh / Jason hold diana 's head firmly against the carpet . he lower he mouth towards hers and , once again , that black thing in he mouth squirm through he lip . the phone keep ringing and ringing ... suddenly , the room be bath in light as a car pull up outside . 29 int . diana' house - entryway - night Steven enter . he see blood and , hearing diana scream , rush into 30 int . diana' house - live room - night and leap on josh , he momentum knock the man off diana before josh can force the horrible , squirming thing from he mouth into hers -- but the advantage be just momentary . josh / Jason turn to Steven and grab he by he shirt , pick he up off the ground with what be clearly superhuman strength and throw he against the nearest wall . Steven hit the wall with a sharp , nearly back - break impact . he lie for a moment , stunne , near unconsciousness , then he regains he bearing just in time to see josh / Jason take a knife sharpen pole from the knife rack next to he in the kitchen . then josh / Jason turn and fling the instrument through the air at Steven just as diana run up to see if Steven 's okay . the pole pierce diana through the back . she look up at Steven with a stunne expression and then sink down to the floor revealing josh / Jason behind she . there be a fury in he now that be terrible to behold . a unearthly scream of frustration and rage tear from he throat . his hand reach out , ready to tear into Steven . Steven manage to duck , roll and come up beside the fireplace . josh / Jason turn and charge at Steven . Steven grab a fireplace poker and ram it with all of he strength through josh / Jason 's chest . as he do this , he be position so that he can not help but see the reflection in the mirror . he see Jason voorhee struggle furiously ... try to pull the poker out of he chest . in try to do that , josh / Jason be throw backward . he crash through a window and fall outside . Steven rush back to diana . he bend , take she in he arm . diana ( weakly ) you see he ? you know who he be ? Steven nod . diana ( continue ) you have to ... save ... jessica ... save jessica and save the ... steven the what ? diana save you ... but the pain be too much . diana ( continue ) Steven ... steven I be here . diana I be scared . I be very scared . all Steven can do be hold she . her eye close . she die . sheriff ( o.s. ) oh , God almighty , no ... on sheriff stand there , stare , in shock . he pull he gun . as he do this , Steven set diana down and run towards the window . steven it be josh . he fall outside . he -- Steven look out the window . steven' Pov there be nothing there but darkness . josh / Jason be go . on steven as he turn back to sheriff . the man kneel by diana . sheriff oh , my dear God ... steven ( really to himself ) he be dead . he have to be dead ... sheriff look up at Steven . the boy stand cover in blood . suddenly , he realize what this must look like . steven no ... you can not think I ... but sheriff 's eye grow cold . sheriff let 's go . CUT to : 31 int . interrogation room - night Steven be in this dismal interrogation room . he 's tired , frighten , angry . we do not know how long he 's be here , but it 's clearly be a long time . sheriff and Steven 's friend , Randy , be in the room with he . steven how many time do you want to hear this ? sheriff until I hear the truth . steven I have tell you the truth . sheriff the truth ? that josh , a man I have trust with my own life on more than one occasion -- let I see if I have get the order right here -- try to rape diana ... get the back of he head blow off ... take a poker through the gut ... fall through a plate glass window and then magically disappear into the night . steven I know what it sound like . sheriff you do not know shit ! steven I do not kill she ! sheriff then why be you at she house ?! she do not want anything to do with you . steven she ask I to come over . she say she have something to tell I . sheriff about what ? steven about jessica . sheriff that 's a lie . diana would never talk to you about jessica . not after what you do to she . steven look , I know I treat she bad -- sheriff -- bad ?! sheriff suddenly haul off , whack steven across the face then grab he by the collar and pull he close . sheriff ( continue ) you call what you do bad ?! you knock she up and then leave she ! steven no -- she leave I ! after she miscarriage , I -- sheriff -- miscarriage ?! who the fuck tell you jessica have a miscarriage ?! steven she do ! sheriff look at Steven with a almost astonished pity . sheriff my God ... you be one sorry son-of - a - bitch . steven ( a little frantic ) she do have a miscarriage , do not she ? do not she ?! sheriff oh , you stupid , sorry son-of - a - bitch ... defeat , eye fill with loss and anger , sheriff turn and walk away . then , just before he exit , he turn back . sheriff ( continue ) if I be not the sheriff here , if I think I could get away with it ... I would kill you right now . that 's no exaggeration . ( to Randy ) I will be back . the sheriff leave . Steven watch he go , then turn to Randy who can not quite bring himself to meet Steven 's steady gaze . steven do you believe I ? Randy have to think about this . finally : randy I do not believe that you murder diana . I do not know what really happen , but I know you could not have do it . Steven nod -- that 's go to have to be enough for now . randy ( continue ) you just sit tight -- I be gonna take care of this . I will straighten everything out . Steven sigh , then close he eye and rub they . steven Jesus , Randy ... ( look up at Randy ) ... what be jessica gonna do ? CUT to : 32 int . diana' house - live room - dawn early morning light filter through the window . the door open and jessica kimble enter . she 's in she early twenty , a strikingly beautiful image of she mother . there be a startle gasp . on VICKI the young waitress who work with diana at the diner . she 's try to clean the bloodstain off the floor and the furniture . VICKI jessica , I be so sorry . I ... I want to have this clean up before you get here . jessica that 's all right . I be just ... jessica fight it , try not to cry . Vicki get up , wiping she hand on she overall , and walk over to she friend and hug she . jessica ( continue ) oh , God , vick ... they hold each other . suddenly , we hear a baby crying . startle , Vicki look over jessica 's shoulder and see a baby carriage , stand just outside the door . Vicki move to the carriage and pick up the baby , who immediately stop crying . VICKI a girl ? jessica nod . VICKI she 's beautiful . jessica her name 's Stephanie . VICKI she 's yours ? jessica nod . a beat . VICKI she have Steven 's eye . she smile from the baby to jessica , look for confirmation . jessica give a little , reluctant nod . VICKI why do not you tell I ? jessica I be go to , I be go to tell everyone . I just ... do not expect to be back here so soon . ( a beat ) be Steven around ? Vicki nod . jessica ( continue ) do he know about what happen ? VICKI yeah . ( a beat ) sit down a second . there 's something I need to tell you about Steven ... CUT to : 33 int . interrogation room - dawn Steven be sit alone , wait to discover he fate . suddenly the door open and Randy walk in . steven well ? randy I be sorry . I have to bring you to a cell . steven be you crazy ?! randy I know , I know , I be sorry but the sheriff be just berserk right now . c'mon . 34 int . MAIN room of police station - dawn Randy lead Steven from the interrogation room towards the jail cell block . randy hopefully we will not have to hold you more than a day . I be gonna bust my ass to prove you innocent but you gotta be cool or landis will really kil you , okay ? okay ? Steven have not be pay attention -- he 's stare at something on the other side of the room . he Pov jessica enter through the front door with Vicki . on steven in he eye we see that , in spite of whatever might have happen in the past , he really love this girl . steven ... jessica ... on jessica as she suddenly turn and lift something up into view -- the baby . on steven as he eye widen , realize what this mean , what it be that diana be go to tell he , what landis mean by he talk about a " miscarriage " . this be he daughter he 's look at . steven my God ... suddenly another man come through the police station door and place he hand protectively on jessica 's shoulder . she turn away from Steven and look at this new arrival . it 's Robert Campbell , the host of " american casefile " . he and Steven each eye each other ... instant enemy . suddenly , Randy jerk Steven away towards the cell block . randy c'mon . 35 int . jail cell - day on steven as Randy slam the cell door in front of he , lock he in . randy I will be back later . you just be cool , okay . steven okay . randy do not do anything stupid . steven what be I gonna do -- I be lock up in a friggin ' cell ?! randy I be gonna get you outta this . just hang tight . okay ? steven okay . CUT to : 36 int . landis ' office - day the sheriff be work at he desk when there 's a knock at the door . sheriff yeah ? the door open and jessica ( carry she baby ) , Vicki and Robert enter . the sheriff immediately jump up and hug jessica tightly . he say nothing -- there 's nothing to say . finally , when they break : jessica Ed ... I would like you to meet my boyfriend , Robert Campbell . landis Ed landis . they shake hand . landis I have see you show . I like it about as much as I like anything on the television . campbell thank you . landis I hope you be not down here on business . I would not take kindly to see diana 's face on one of you program . campbell ( a arm around jessica ) no , sir . I be just here for jess ... landis nod , apparently satisfied . he look at jessica 's baby . landis he 's a cute little fella . jessica he 's a she . landis ( without miss a beat ) and as pretty as she mamma ... and she mamma before that ... a sad beat of silence . suddenly , the intercom buzy . sheriff yeah ? officer dill ( o.s. ) ( over intercom ) sheriff , we , uh , we have a problem with diana kimble 's body ... the sheriff immediately snatch up the phone so he can talk privately . sheriff what 's the problem ? there be a pause as the sheriff listen and we can tell from he face that whatever the problem be ... it 's serious . sheriff bring he here . I wanna talk to he . the sheriff hang up the phone . jessica what 's the matter ? the sheriff smile disarmingly . sheriff ah , the funeral home just have a couple question . wait here , I will be back in a minute . 37 int . police station hallway - day the sheriff storm down this hallway in a fury . at the other end we see creighton Duke , in cuff , walk towards he with officer dill slightly behind , try to keep up . finally , the sheriff and Duke get nose to nose . sheriff where the fuck be she , Duke ?! duke that 's what I would like to know . officer dill we find he in the morgue . the body be miss and he be stand over the open cabinet . sheriff ( to Duke ) what the hell be you do there ?! duke ( matter -of -factly ) try to steal the body , obviously ... but you fuck up and let someone get to it before I could . the sheriff can barely contain himself upon hearing this . he try to calm down , but it 's a effort . sheriff why do you want she body ? duke for a good reason . sheriff tell I . duke sorry . sheriff tell I ! duke information like that be very expensive and you do not have the ball to pay the price . the sheriff turn to Officer dill . sheriff lock this asshole up . duke you think you can lock I up in this piss -ass prison ? Hell , this place be motel fuckin ' six to I . officer dill shut-up . duke ( to sheriff ) you better find that body right away you incompetant dickhead because if it 's where I think it be ... you be gonna be in world of shit . sheriff ( to Officer dill ) lock he the fuck up and after you do , I want you to find that body -- do you understand I ! I do not care what you have to do , I do not care where you have to go , find it ! 38 int . landis ' office - day landis enter with a pleasant smile on he face . jessica what 's go on ? sheriff aw , nothing . it 's take care of . ROBERT everything 's okay , then ? sheriff ( sharply ) yes , everything 's okay .