jason versus . freddy by brannon braga and Ronald D. Moore fade in : ext . camp crystal lake - day a beautiful mountain landscape . pine tree , snow - cap mountain and a clear blue , lovely lake nestle amidst it all . camera pan down to reveal a old wooden sign that say " camp crystal lake . " voice ( o.s. ) the first thing we be gonna do be change that fuck name . move to reveal a man and a woman . the man be ken biller -- early forty , slick clothing , a lot of money . the woman , janet davenport , be in she twenty and wear a chic business suit . she 's a realtor and be hold a armful of papers and document . she look dubious at biller 's idea . janet I do not think the people who live around here would like that very much ... biller do you think they like the fact that tourism have drop ninety - eight percent in the last ten year ? janet no , but ... biller and do you think they like the fact that half the country think Crystal Lake be fill with corpse ? janet that 's not true ... biller we be not talk about truth , we be talk about perception . and the perception be that Crystal Lake mean inbred psychopath run around the hill with axe and hockey mask chopping up teenager . ( beat ) that , my dear , be what we call a _image problem . the woman can not argue with this -- it 's a familiar story . biller start strolling down the dirt road . biller you be lucky I be up here at all . most of my investor think I be crazy . as she move to catch up to he ... CUT to : ext . forest - day biller and Janet walk through the deep wood . she 's check the map , try to keep track of where they be , while biller stride forth confidently . biller beautiful tree ... sturdy trunk ... lot of branch ... ( beat ) we can do some great log up here . janet log ? we will need a environmental impact study for that ... biller I do not think you be get in the spirit of thing , Janet . we will buy whatever study we need -- suddenly a deer bolt from the brush and take off in the forest . it 's a jarring moment and biller nearly jump out of he shoe . biller Jesus Christ ! janet just a deer , mister biller . part of the local wildlife . biller ( stern ) get rid of they . Janet look dubious -- be not sure what to say . biller glance around . biller I have see enough . it 's get dark ... let 's head back . Janet look at the map with a little anxiety ... she 's not quite sure where they be but do not want to admit it . janet okay ... well ... I think it 's this way ... biller great . he take off and she follow ... CUT to : ext . another part of the forest - dusk it 's now nearly dark . biller be stride through the forest , Janet try to consult the map in the fade light . biller you people would not have this image problem if you do not let all that Hollywood type come up here and film slasher movie . ( beat ) homicidal maniac may sell movie ticket , but they do not sell vacation getaway . Janet finally stop . janet mister biller ? biller yeah ? janet I think we be lose . biller you have a map . janet I know ... but we leave the main trail ... and I can not find any landmark around here ... I have be try to figure it out but ... biller seem unfaze by this . biller why do not we ask _them_ ? he point to something over Janet 's shoulder . she turn to follow he gaze , and in the distance we can see what look like a old , run-down house . it 's cover with vine , bush , tall grass -- the building be only barely discernable through the forest . Janet frown at the sight . janet I do not think there be any house up here ... biller you learn something new every day . let 's go . they head toward the house ... CUT to : ext . jason be house - dusk the house be obviously nice at one time , but have be abandon for many year . the forest have creep in on the grounds and have almost reclaim the house itself -- tree , shrub , weed be everywhere . biller and Janet walk up to the front porch . Janet look over the house with some concern . janet do not look like anyone 's live here for year ... biller turn around and glance back at the way they come . biller wow ... look at that view . angle on lake revealing that from this vantage , a vista of Crystal Lake be visible with the set sun glisten across it . resume biller and janet biller this be prime real estate . I want it . who own the house ? Janet be shuffle papers . janet I do not know ... there 's no list of a private residence in this area . biller be inspect the house with interest . biller structure might be salvageable ... let 's see what the interior look like . janet mister biller ... now that we can see the lake , I think we should follow the shoreline to -- biller help I with this . biller be try to pull off one of the board that 's nail across the front door . Janet reluctantly help he , and the two of they wrench the board off with a great effort . biller try the door -- it 's unlock but the door be swollen with age . he kick at it to force it open ... int . jason's house the front door crash OPEN , let in the soft , golden light of dusk . biller and Janet enter and peer around what be once the live room of the house . the window be all board shut , let in only a few random stream of light from outside . the only piece of furniture visible be a single upholster chair sit in the middle of the room . both be cover with grime and dirt . biller whew ! what 's that smell ? biller walk up to a wall , thump it soundly . biller wall be in good shape . Janet hesitates at the doorway , not want to come inside . biller there do not seem to be any water damage . kind of cozy , actually . janet I really think we should go back ... biller I want to look at the rest of the house . biller move off into another room . Janet push she fear aside and walk slowly into the live room , almost afraid to touch anything . she swipe a finger across the mantle , leave a trail through a thick layer of dust . she glance down at the chair ... there be a imprint of a person in the layer of dust , as though someone be recently sit there . Janet frown , curious ... then walk into a nearby hallway ... int . kitchen biller be look around the room . it 's dirty , and obviously have not be use in a long time , but on one countertop we see a large whitestone -- a sharpen stone for knife . he eye it curiously ... reach up and open a large cupboard directly above the countertop . Inside be a vast collection of knive , which gleam brightly in the dim light -- everything from bowie knife to steak knife to machete . biller wow . he carefully take out a large butcher knife . the blade be pristine and razor sharp . he eye it and be about to test the sharpness of the edge with he thumb , when suddenly there be a loud chirping SOUND . biller be startle and slice the ball of he thumb on the edge . biller _ shit_ ! biller quickly realize it 's just he cellular phone ringing . he suck on he thumb and jam the knife down into a butcher block . biller then pull the cell phone out of he jacket pocket . biller ( into phone ) hello ? bruce's voice Ken , it 's Bruce . listen , we have get a nibble on the pendleton financing . biller really ? how much ? over this dialogue , biller continue to look around the kitchen . he open a walk - in clost -- inside be a collection of meat hook , all neatly arrange . bruce's voice fifty . biller fifty ? we need seventy - five . bruce's voice Ken , we have be through this ... biller slide out a large cut board that 's inset into the counter . it 's stain with a deep , dark reddish color -- what might be blood . biller barely notice , slide it shut . int . bedroom Janet enter and look around the eerie room . everything have be perfectly preserve -- the bed be neatly make , photograph be neatly arrange on tabletop , etc . the dust all over be thick -- it do not look like anything 's be touch for year . she walk up to a night table next to the bed ... see a old black - and - white photograph sit there . she pick it up ... close on photo it show a young boy , about eleven year - old , sit on the front step of the house . the boy be stare directly into the camera with a vacant , haunt look . janet who for reason she cannot name be a little disturb by the photo . she set it down and turn away ... she continue to walk around the room ... stop at a dresser , which be cluttere with junk and thing that look like they have be shove aside . as she cautiously start to sort through the clutter ... int . kitchen as before , biller snooping around , on the cell phone . biller ( into phone ) you tell they if they come up to seventy - five , I will cut they in on the Crystal Lake package . bruce's voice do not tell I you be still think of buy casa de psycho ... biller hey , smart -ass , I be up here right now in a ... luxury alpine retreat , with a two million dollar view of the lake . as he speak , he open the door to a broom closet , glance inside and close it ... then do a double - take and look inside again . biller all we have to do be put in ... there be four chain saws of various size hang in the closet . he react . biller chain saw . bruce's voice you want to put in chain saw ? biller no , no ... listen , when I get back to New York we will meet with the board . he walk up to the door of a pantry ... grab hold of the handle ... biller tell pendleton to wait until we have have the meeting . they will give we seventy - five ... he open the pantry door and step inside ... biller but I be tell you , this lake be a gold mine wait to -- hanging on a wall hook be a dirty pair of coverall ... and a _hockey mask_ . he react to the sight . biller -- happen . int . bedroom Janet be poke through the junk on the dresser , when she see a pile of yellow newspaper clipping lie on the floor . she bend down to examine they ... headline : " Boy drown at Crystal Lake . " " mother blame counselor for death of Son . " " teenage counselor murdered at Crystal Lake . " " Hollywood plan Movie about Crystal Lake slaying - City Council hope for economic boom . " Janet shuffles through the clipping for a few moment , then suddenly hear a series of loud thump from somewhere in the house . she drop the clipping , stand up . janet mister biller ? silence . worried , she exit ... int . live room - night it 's dark now . Janet enter and look around . janet mister biller ...? we hear a small , faint voice : voice ( faint ) hello ? can anyone hear I ? hello ? she head toward the kitchen ... int . kitchen Janet walk in , find the source of the voice -- it 's biller 's cell phone lie on the floor . bruce's voice be anybody there ? she pick up the phone . janet ( into phone ) hello ? bruce's voice who be this ? what 's go on ? janet this be Janet davenport -- I be the realtor . bruce's voice where 's Ken ? be he all right ? Janet be definitely get nervous now . she glance around the kitchen . janet I do not know ... bruce's voice what about that other guy ? janet ( freeze ) other guy ? bruce's voice yeah . Ken say there be another guy there ... _big_ guy ... then he drop the phone . what 's go on ? her breath be come faster now . she grab the butcher knife see earlier out of the butcher block for protection . janet I do not know , but I be outta here . she open what she think be the back door , but it 's actually the walk - in closet . she scream at what she see inside -- biller be hanging from a meat hook -- dead . Janet bolt for the live room ... int . live room Janet race to the front door , which be now _closed_ . she try to open it but it 's lock . she pound , pull on it with all she strength but it 's no use . she turn around wild - eye , then freeze at something she see . new angle sitting calmly in the chair in the middle of the live room be a large , hulk figure of a man . it 's _ jason voorhees_ . he 's wear the hockey mask and seem to be watch she in the dim light . Janet stare at he , freeze in shock . bruce's voice Janet , be you okay ? be you there ? janet ( barely able to talk ) he ... he 's here ... bruce's voice who 's there ? Janet lift the knife as if to ward off Jason . janet oh my god ... this be he house ... _we be in he fuck house ... bruce's voice Janet , goddamnit , what 's go on ? janet jas ... Jason voorhee ... he 's here ... Jason calmly watch she . after a few second , he slowly and deliberately rise up out of the chair ... and as he do , the follow happen in the blink of a eye : -- Janet hurl the knife at Jason in desperation ... -- the knife flash through the air ... -- Jason 's hand whip up , pluck the knife out of the air and _fling it straight back at Janet in one single motion . -- the knife flash back across the room , the blade gleam in the light . it plunge deep into Janet 's forehead and knock she off she foot . the cell phone hit the floor with a spray of blood . the impact close the flip phone and it come to a rest against the wall . the display screen say the word " end . " but the phone be still active . a small , green light continue to blink on and off . as we push in on the tiny green light , we hear the sound of a telephone conversation , start with the ringing of a phone . someone pick up : operator' voice nine - one - one emergency . how can I help you ? bruce's voice uh , yeah ... my name 's Bruce Kelly . listen , I think two people may have be kill up at Crystal Lake . operator' voice what make you say that , sir ? CUT to : int . crystal lake sheriff' station - night tight on a rack of shotgun . as we continue to listen to the voiceover , we see someone unlock the weapon locker and deputy start grab shotgun two at a time ... sheriff' dispatch voice this be nine - one - one dispatch to Crystal Lake sheriff 's Department . we have a code Red in progress , location unknown . recommend tracking cellular phone which we believe to be still active . cell phone number be ... new image - sheriff' van several deputy load weapon , duffel bag , and assault equipment into the back of the van . FBI voice hello ? FBI tactical response team . haye ' voice yeah , this be sheriff haye up at Crystal Lake . I think you boy better get up here . we get he this time . ext . jason be house - night all be quiet . no sign of activity . suddenly , ten men in dark clothing carry assault weapon appear out of the forest like phantom and creep toward the house . they move be efficient , quick -- man train in military tactic . we follow one agent all the way to the front door , where he pause , listen to he radio earpiece for a moment , then touch he throat-mike . FBI agent this be Charlie - one . we have reace center-ice . he check he weapon , glance to he teammate , who each give he a nod . he kick OPEN the door -- hard CUT to : int . bedroom - close on a telephone a standard phone , ringing loudly . a woman sit up in bed and grab the phone out of its cradle . her name be ruby jarvis -- mid-twenty , pretty , out on she own for the first time since law school . ruby ( groggy ) I be awake . the voice on the phone -- keith harding -- be excited , borderline hysterical , a torrent of word : harding be voice Ruby , it 's keith harding from the d.a. 's office . you have to get down here . we need a public defender right away . she glance at a clock nearby -- it say 3:07 be . ruby what ... now ? harding be voice look , the sheriff 's department just bring he in ten minute ago , and I want this one to go by the number . I do not want any miranda problem on appeal . ruby all right ... all right . I will be there in twenty minute . harding's voice make it ten . bye . Ruby stumble out of bed . ruby wait a minute ... who 's the defendant ? who be I defend ? a beat . harding be voice _ Jason voorhees_ . off Ruby 's shocked reaction ... CUT to : ext . crystal lake sheriff' station - night a small - town sheriff 's Station that have become the scene of tremendous activity . a dozen squad car in the parking lot ... a van that say " FBI tactical response team " on the side ... some sheriff 's deputy milling about in swat gear ... a ambulance nearby . some deputy with serious injury be be attend to by medic . Ruby pull up in she car just as a news van come to a screeching halt nearby . a female reporter and a cameraman jump out -- the reporter also look like she just get out of bed . reporter ( to cameraman ) bank say we be go to CNN live in less than five minute . we will do a stand - up here in front of the station ... get the sat-link on - line ... Ruby walk through the scene of chaos ... at the front door there be two officer in swat gear guard the door . they stop she . swat officer # 1 I be sorry , ma'am . ruby I be Ruby jarvis . counsel for the Defense . the officer exchange a amused look . swat officer # 1 _ you_ ... be go to defend _him_ ? they chuckle . swat officer # 2 I hope you be good . Ruby brushes past they in annoyance and go inside ... CUT to : int . sheriff' office - night there 's a air of excitement in the small office . through a window partition , we can see deputy in the b.g , type out report , talk on the phone , move equipment and coordinate various task . in the office itself , sheriff haye be sit behind he desk , face a FBI agent and keith harding , the District Attorney . the mood be tense . haye ( to FBI agent ) I do not care if he 's on the FBI 's most want list . I do not care if he 's be on " America 's most want . " harding ( to agent ) he 's commit dozen of murder in this County , and we be go to prosecute he here first . agent parson this be ridiculous . I can have a Federal writ down here by morning supersede all -- there 's a knock at the door . they all turn as Ruby walk in . there be a easy familiarity around the room -- this be a small town and everyone here know each other and work together often . ruby ( to haye ) hey , Bill . haye stand . haye sorry to pull you out of bed , Ruby . let I introduce agent parson of the FBI ... he will be handle the Federal part of the case . Ruby shake he hand . ruby Ruby jarvis -- Public defender 's Office . keith harding , the d.a. and she adversary in this case , smile . harding she _is_ the office . she 's the only p.d. within fifty mile . agent parson handled a murder case before ? ruby two . harding ( chuckle ) I be not sure I would call they murder exactly . more like a couple of bar fight that get out of hand . ruby I seem to recall argue the same thing in court while you be try to file murder - one charge . harding ( shrug ) that 's my job . the FBI agent turn to Ruby . agent parson counselor , this case be go to be try in Federal Court . I will have a writ here in the morning to that effect , so I would not lose too much sleep worry about you defense . the Federal court will appoint a Federal attorney for mister voorhee . Ruby smile , smooth as silk . she 's ready for this ... hand he a legal document . ruby well , I be look over you arrest warrant ... and I notice it be sign by judge gillan . agent parson I guess ... I do not handle that . ruby maybe you should have . you see , judge gillan be the Superior Court magistrate . this be a _ federal_ warrant . the FBI agent look a little disturb . ruby ( continue ) this arrest warrant be completely invalid . you will have to get a new warrant sign by a Federal circuit court judge . as the FBI agent look over the document , harding move over to Ruby . harding ( to Ruby ) I would just like to point out that my arrest warrant be properly sign and date ... so voorhee be _not_ walk free . the agent look up at Ruby . agent parson Fine . who 's the circuit court judge for this district ? ruby that would be judge hobson . and he just leave on a two week fishing trip . Ruby smile at he pleasantly . the FBI agent get red - face with anger and frustration . agent parson hot shot , huh ? if you be so good , what be you do here in mayberry ? haye ( sarcastic ) same thing the rest of we be do . go down to floyd 's barber shop for a trim ... fuck farm animal ... the usual . the FBI agent look disgust . agent parson you have not hear the last of this . he exit . haye and harding smile at Ruby . haye that be fun to watch . harding be you one of that girl that always have she homework do two day before the teacher ask for it ? ruby three. ( beat ) where 's my client ? haye you ... client be be book right now . he will be in cell five . ruby what be the charge ? haye shit . we be still put the victim list together . you will need a forklift for the case file . I suggest you hire some help , and do not expect to get a lot of sleep for the next few month . ( beat ) you be about to defend the most notorious serial killer in american history . ruby ( lightly ) I think that be Ted Bundy . haye ( smile ) compare to this guy ... amateur . CUT to : int . jail cell - corridor - night a small town jail facility with five cell total . Ruby and sheriff haye be walk toward the end of the tiny cell block . at the very end of the hall there be two deputy armed with shotgun , wear bullet - proof vest , stand nervously by a cell . Ruby be keep a neutral , even expression on she face -- but it hide a genuine nervousness . ruby a house ? haye that 's right . be not on any of the map ... we could barely see it through the underbrush . place must have be abandon for twenty year . they come to the cell at the end of the hall , and Ruby get she first glimpse of she client . angle on jason who be sit on a prison bed , wear jail house clothes . his arm and leg have be shackle and he look like he could not move even if he want to . Jason 's head be bow and he 's stare at the floor , most of he feature obscure by shadow , but we can tell that he head and face be disfigure by numerous scar . ( note : this be not the hideously deform mutant see in the other Jason movie , but a real man . he 's no less frightening , however , and he bear the scar of countless fight and wound . ) ruby take in a breath , a little disturb just by be this close to he . haye take note of she reaction , but keep he eye on Jason . haye yeah ... everyone feel that way when they see he ... something 's not right about this guy . Ruby give he a sharp look . ruby he 's just a man , sheriff . a man that need to talk to he attorney ... alone . the deputy exchange a look -- be she crazy ? haye Ruby ... this guy almost take out a entire tactical response team . you can not expect I to just leave you -- ruby he do not look like he 's go anywhere , Bill . and if necessary , I can get a judicial order reaffirming the right of my client to speak to he attorney in private . haye give she a disgust look . haye Fine . have a pleasant conversation ... but I would not get too close if I be you . haye nod to the deputy , who open the jail cell door for Ruby . she take a confident step inside and then they slam the door close behind she . haye ( dry ) scream if you need anything . haye and the deputy go down the hall and exit to the sheriff 's Station , leave Ruby alone . once they be go , some of the bravado leave she countenance . she 's stand four foot away from the one and only _ jason_ . there 's a tense beat and then she open she file folder and try to proceed normally . ruby mister voorhee ... my name be Ruby jarvis . I have be appoint by the court to act as you defense counsel . be that acceptable to you ? Jason never even stir . throughout the scene he remain motionless , stare down at the floor . Ruby be frighten of this man ... repell by he appearance and he chill demeanor . she try to do she job , but it be not easy . ruby unless you object , I be go to take that as a yes . ( beat ) all right . mister voorhee , you be go to be charge with multiple homicide , which under law of this state make you eligible for the death penalty . do you understand ? no response . she take a beat , then sit across from he on the cot , and take another tack . ruby look ... there 's a lot of evidence against you ... and there 's a lot of people who would like to see you get the chair . but I be not one of they . my job be to help you . that mean , right now , I be you only friend . ( beat ) it 's go to be very hard to defend you if you will not talk to I . Jason just sit there . Ruby take a nervous breath -- this clearly be not get anywhere . ruby there will be a arraignment in three day . ruby ( cont 'd ) you will have to enter a plea . guilty or not guilty . ( beat ) unless you object ... I be go to enter a plea on you behalf . after the arraignment , we will have to plan we -- Jason suddenly move he arm and the chain rattle loudly . Ruby bolt up off the bed in terror and lean up against the bar . ruby Guard ! a anxious beat ... then we see that Jason be only lift he arm to scratch he other hand . the two deputy come racing in with shotgun at - the-ready . Ruby stand there for a moment , heart pound ... then she pick up she file as if nothing 's wrong and turn toward the door . ruby ( try to sound calm ) I be ... ready to leave . one of the deputy look at she , not sure what happen but satisfied that Jason be not do anything at the moment . he unlock the door . as Ruby exit ... CUT to : int . ruby's office - night a small office overflow with paperwork , file , the general clutter of a overworked civil servant . Ruby be pace while she assistant , danny kwan , a eager man in he early 20' , with a ponytail , furiously scribbles note on a yellow legal pad as Ruby talk . ruby I want to file a motion for a change of venue , and sequestration of the jury . and I want to try _habea corpus_ . I know we do not have much of a chance for that , but let 's give it a shot anyway . kwan scribbles a few note . kwan be you go to plead insanity ? ruby I think it 's we best bet . they be take apart he house right now ... they find weapon , blood , a mountain of evidence . we can not say he be frame . she think furiously . it 's obvious that this be a impossible case to defend . kwah this . be kind of a nightmare case , be not it ? if there 's anyone who deserve to get the chair , it 's Jason . she whirl on he , she voice suddenly harsh . kwan have accidently strike a emotional chord in Ruby . ruby ( hard ) do not say that around I ever again . we be he attorney . we have a duty to defend he -- not judge he . remember that , Danny , or you will not be on this case much longer . kwan be take aback ... he do not expect this kind of reaction . kwan sorry . ruby ( soften a little ) it 's all right . ( beat ) now ... we be go to need a really good head - doctor for this . someone who can get up on the stand and tell the jury that we client be mentally insane and have be for year ... ( beat ) we will go through a dozen doctor before we find one who 's willing to testify for we . she get a think . ruby ( continue ) maybe ... we should call Joe sena . kwan give she a look . ruby yeah , I know ... he 's a little wacky , but he 's the best psycho- neurologist in the state . ( beat ) get he down here by morning . I want he to interview Jason tomorrow afternoon . kwan nod , flip the page on he notepad to a clean one . Ruby glance at she watch . ruby now ... I think the video store 's open for another couple of hour . let 's go . kwan video store ? off he puzzle look ... CUT to : ext . video store - night a local place . Ruby 's car be park out front . CUT to : int . video store - night Ruby and kwan enter the store at a brisk pace . ruby we have to argue every possible defense in this case . insanity ... incompetence ... and the fact that Jason can not get a fair trial anywhere in the country , much less this state . ( beat ) where 's the horror section ? kwan point and they head in that direction ... new angle as they round the corner and head into the horror section . ruby so ... why can not Jason get a fair trial ? kwan because everyone know he 's guilty ... ruby wrong . Jason can not get a fair trial because of _these_ . she indicate the wall of videotape box . the cover be all lurid -- lot of image of killer with knife , axe and chain saw chase scantily - clad woman . ruby for the past fifteen year , Jason voorhee have be portray as a brutal , remorseless killer . people have a preconceive notion of he guilt base on this movie . ( beat ) so I intend to enter this film into evidence ... and argue that media saturation have prejudice my client 's right to a fair trial . kwan give she a sidelong look . kwan you think that 's go to work ? ruby I do not know if anything 's go to work in this case . therefore , we have to try everything . she eye the countless movie . ruby I do not even know where to begin ... kwan pipe in , revealing himself to be the quintessential horror film buff . kwan well , I would start with " Friday the Thirteenth . " 1980 . director : Sean cunningham . a breakthrough picture that set the standard for the movie to follow . the gore and high body count make this slasher film a instant classic . Ruby look at he . ruby you watch this garbage ? kwan this be a legitimate cinematic genre . just like western , comedy , Film noire , Science fiction ... she pick out a title at random , read it : ruby " Zombie slut from Beyond the grave . " kwan a seminal film . first ever depiction of a fully nude triple impalement . Ruby sigh , start grab tape off the shelf ... CUT to : ext . ruby's house - night a modest house on a tree-line suburban street . int . ruby's bedroom - night close on a television screen which be show a horror movie . a young teenage girl wear a transparent negligee be walk down a staircase in a dark , spooky house . she look frighten . teenage girl johnny ... johnny , be that you ? no answer . she walk into the live room ... include ruby who be lie in bed wear a bathrobe , legal document scattered on the bed and stack of video nearby . she 's try to take note on a legal pad , but she 's have trouble get into this movie . ruby ( to tv ) no , it 's not johnny . it 's Jason , and he 's go to put a fuck axe in you skull , so turn on the fuck _lights_ . on the tv , we see the girl reach the bottom of the stair ... look around the darken live room ... teenage girl where be everybody ? johnny , this be not funny ... she hear a noise from behind a closet door . she head toward it . Ruby look exasperate . ruby do not go in there . why be you go in there ? the girl slowly open the creaky door ... suddenly a cat jump out ! it startles the girl , who scream . but then she realize it be only the cat . teenage girl fluffy ! ruby ( predict , bored ) he 's behind the door ... the girl onscreen relax , smile , nothing to worry about . she swing the door close and behind the door be a huge man in a hockey mask . Jason ! he swing a giant axe toward the girl . Ruby grab the remote control and fast - forward through the action -- Jason chopping up the girl at triple speed . ruby yeah , yeah ... he chop you up ... but you know what ? you deserve it . she eject the movie , toss it aside and grab another title . she pop it in the vcr and hit play . on the tv , we see the title of the movie appear -- " Friday the Thirteenth , part 10 -- Jason 's greatest Hit and chop . " Ruby shake she head , lean back on the bed and begin write on the pad ... we hear a thump somewhere in the house . Ruby pause and look up ... do she imagine it ? silence . there 's a second thump . this time she sit up -- that be definitely something . she hit pause on the remote , stand up and walk out of the bedroom into ... int . ruby's live room - night Ruby walk into the shadowy room . ruby hello ... be somebody there ? she walk through the house a moment ... play the tension for a few beat ... and suddenly the phone ring . Ruby almost jump out of she skin . she snap up the phone . ruby hello ? on the other end , we hear a panicked sheriff haye . haye ' voice Ruby , he 's go . he get out . ruby what ... who ? haye ' voice Jason . Jason 's go . he break out of jail about a hour ago . Ruby react . ruby well ... what be you go to do ? haye ' voice I have get deputy comb the area . but he be last see head in you general direction . I want you to -- the phone click off and go dead . ruby hello ... sheriff ? hello ? she start punch button on the phone -- no effect . suddenly there 's another thump ! somewhere in the room . Ruby back up and drop the phone , breathe faster now . she steel herself , then take a quiet step towards the closet ... ruby who 's there ? a rattle ... ruby Danny , goddamnit , if this be you idea of a joke ... she slowly move towards the closet ... open the door ... there 's a loud meow . a cat be sit on the floor in the closet . Ruby take a breath of relief , pick up the cat . ruby fluffy . she hesitates ... then frown . ruby wait a minute ... _ I do not have a cat_ . we hear the tap , tap , tap of a walk stick on cobblestone . Ruby turn -- new angle Ruby 's live room be now fill with fog . surreal moonlight filter in . in the distance we can hear the deep chiming of a clock tower ; and a old , gaslamp street light be sit in the middle of the room . it almost look like old london . her furniture be still present , but instead of carpet there be cobblestone on the floor . the cat hiss at something off camera and run away . Ruby watch in astonishment as the figure of a man wear a hat and cloak appear out of the mist . he have a walk cane , which he tap on the stone as he approach ... she watch he as he step into the street lamp 's glow . his face be ghastly pale , eye dark and murderous . we should recognize he as jack the ripper . jack ( british accent ) hello , my dear . how about a tumble with old Jack ? he whip off the top of the cane , revealing a razor - sharp stiletto blade hide inside . he jump toward she and she recoil . she stumble backward , go through the door to the bathroom , slam it behind she -- int . bathroom / prison cell the room be a bizarre cross between a bathroom and a bleak cement prison cell . there 's a buz SOUND . Ruby look down to see a man etching a swastika onto she shin with a electric tattoo gun . the man look up at she , and we can see from he long , stringy hair , beard and distinctive swastika in the middle of he forehead , that this must be charle manson . he smile up at she . she pull away . he come at she , laugh that maniacal laugh . she turn , and as she do ... CUT to : int . ruby's kitchen - night she 's stand in front of she own stove . there 's something bubbling in a large pot . she lift the lid to find human body part boil in the cauldron -- a hand , a eye , a foot . she drop the lid in horror . a man grab she from behind . he 's a tall , lanky man with short blonde hair and wire - frame glass . it 's jeffrey dahmer . he have a butcher knife in he hand . she pull away -- run right into another man . this one be dress as a circus clown . JOHN wayne gacey . he give she a hideous smile , grab she by the arm and throw she down onto the kitchen counter . he lean over she ... ruby's Pov dahmer , the ripper , gacey , Manson all close in on she . suddenly they stop , turn ... look behind they ... and part to allow someone else to step forward ... jason voorhee step directly towards Ruby , wear the hockey mask , carry a machete . ruby watch in terror . ruby Jason , no ... please ... no ! Jason pull the hockey mask away , revealing the shocking face of _freddy krueger . she freeze at the sight of he , surprised . freddy Jason ? ( sneer ) _ amateur_ . he raise he hand , which now have the familiar finger blade on it ... the blade gleam in the moonlight , and as he hand swoops toward she face we ... CUT to : int . ruby's bedroom - night as Ruby _wake up_ with a scream on she couch . the legal pad be still in she lap ... the first movie still play on the tv . it show Jason stalking a young victim . she look startle and frighten by the nightmare . after a beat , she pick up the remote and turn off the tv . as she lay back on the bed , catch she breath ... CUT to : ext . crystal lake courthouse - day a couple of day later . crowd have gather ... media van and satellite dish in place ... sheriff 's deputy try to keep the crowd contain ... people with sign proclaim , " Jason must die ! " ... other that say , " free Jason ! " ... journalist and camera crew jockey for position . a few people sell tee-shirt . it 's the Trial of the century . int . courtroom - day in contrast to the pandemonium outside , the courtroom be relatively subdued . the visitor 's gallery be pack , but everyone be keep they voice low , speak in hushed tone . Ruby and kwan be at the Defense table , go over she legal brief , as harding enter through a side door . he 's dress like something out of gq -- very snappy . he move to the prosecutor 's table , put he briefcase down , then move over to have a few word with Ruby . harding ( sotto ) CNN ... all five network ... Court tv ... two japanese network ... three from the UK ... and one guy who swear he 's from Zimbabwe . Ruby give a absent nod , concentrate on the file in front of she . ruby quite a circus . harding and we be in the center ring . ( beat ) you sure you want to wear that blazer ? she look up . ruby what ? harding you be about to be a media darling -- you might want to dress the part . she roll she eye at he . harding go over to he side of the table . a man come through the crowd and sit himself on the edge of the table in front of Ruby . this be joe sena , the psychiatrist / neurologist . early 30' , good -look , smart and he know it . his complete confidence in himself be sometimes perceive as arrogance . Ruby look up , and we can tell she know he -- and be a little wary of he . ruby Doctor sena ... do you complete you examination of Jason ? sena nod . ruby well ? sena ( matter -of - fact ) he 's fuck nut . ruby great . be that what you be go to say when I put you on the stand ? sena no . when you put I on the stand , I will say you client be catatonic and exhibit classic symptom of a schizophrenic , sociopathic personality . ( beat ) and he do not sleep . ruby doesnit sleep ? sena insomnia . not unusual for someone in he situation . ( beat ) not to mention he 's a bed-wetter . ruby he wet the bed ? sena I always throw that in . it make the jury feel sorry for the defendant . Ruby look annoyed . kwan can we prove any of this ? sena prove it ? come on , the guy 's a avocado . he do not say a word , he do not move , he do not respond to any external stimulus ... you can say anything you want about he , but you can not prove it one way or another . ( beat ) but the outlook 's not entirely grim . ruby oh ? sena one of the deputy be pretty cute . I think she like I . Ruby ignore this -- she 's familiar with sena 's escapade . she sit back in the chair , a little frustrated . ruby this be bad , Joe . the prosecution be already put together a team of psychiatric specialist . they will argue exactly the opposite . they will say he 's just pretend to be catatonic and he 's completely sane . sena ( shrug ) great . battle head doctor . we will confuse the jury enough to create a reasonable doubt . hung jury . ruby this be Jason voorhee . they will be look for a excuse to send he to the chair . ( beat ) if we be go to argue insanity , we be go to need something a little more concrete . sena think . sena well ... we can look for earlier evidence of psychotic or sociopathic behavior in he childhood , but I will need access to he medical -- suddenly there 's a gasp that go around the room and everyone stop talk . Ruby look up to see so be lead in by six deputy , heavily armed . Jason be shackle and shuffles across the courtroom , finally be seat at the defense table . in the harsh light of day , Jason 's scar and twisted feature be shocking -- it look like he 's be through a meat-grinder . again , Jason seem passive , stare off into middle - distance , completely disconnect from the world around he . bailiff all rise . the Superior Court for the city and county of Crystal Lake be now in session . honorable judge gillan preside . everyone stand as the judge enter . judge be seat . everyone sit down . bailiff only one case on the docket , you honor . " the people versus Jason voorhee . " judge will the defendant please rise during the read of the charge . Ruby stand and hesitates , afraid to touch Jason , who be not move a muscle . ruby you honor , my client ... prefer to remain seat . the judge peer at Jason in curiosity , then decide not to press the matter . judge very well . ( to harding ) be the people ready to proceed ? harding stand , hold a thick legal document the size of a phone book . harding yes , you honor . the people make the follow charge against the defendant Jason no-middle-initial voorhee ... ( read ) on Friday , May thirteenth , 1980 , the defendant do with malice and forethought murder Annie wolfe with a bowie knife . the people further charge on that same date , defendant do murder dorothy dartland with a axe . on the follow morning , the defendant murder Jack haye with a bow and arrow ... as harding continue to talk , read off what seem a endless series of victim , we ... dissolve to : int . courtroom - day later . harding still read from the endless victim list , people shifting a little restlessly in they seat . harding defendant do then murder Robert Smith with a tent pole on February twelfth , 1984 ... defendant be further charge with the murder of Lynn Kaplan with a pitchfork ... dissolve to : int . courtroom - day much later , harding finish up the list . harding and finally , most recently Federal agent Sam mcnulty , a law enforcement officer for the Federal Bureau of investigation , strangle by the defendant while resisting arrest . harding close the massive file . relief around the courtroom . harding that conclude the State 's charge , you honor . the judge take a long breath ... look to Ruby . judge be the Defense ready to enter a plea ? ruby we be , you honor . ( beat ) the Defense plead ... _ not guilty . reaction of disbelief around the courtroom , snicker and outright laughter , it sound so ridiculous . the judge rap he gavel with disapproval . judge order ... order . ruby the Defense would like to move for a change of venue . we feel that it will be impossible to find a impartial jury in Crystal Lake County or -- suddenly a man stand up in the courtroom -- he face contort with rage and anger . angry man you kill my sister , you son of a bitch ! you sfuck monster ! he pull out a handgun and fire at Jason . people dive for cover . angle on jason as the bullet catch he full in the chest , knock he out of he chair . the spectator be scream and cry . the judge duck behind he bench . sheriff 's deputy finally wrestle the man to the ground . Ruby crawl over to Jason , who be lie motionless on the floor , blood pool nearby . he 's conscious , he eye - stare around the room with a stunne look . ruby we need a ambulance , _now ! CUT to : int . emergency room - day a swirl of activity as a er doctor and nurse wheel the bloody form of Jason into the room . two nurse rip open Jason 's shirt , revealing five ghastly bullet wound to he chest . er doctor vital ! get I four unit of o - neg blood and start iv infusion ! nurse start hook Jason to iv tube . the doctor examine Jason 's bloody chest . er doctor we need chest , spine and abdominal X - ray -- now ! nurse ( off instrument ) blood pressure -- ninety over sixty and fall ! er doctor okay ... get a arterial line go ... and set up a dopamine drip -- four hundred milligram . this guy 's go to surgery . CUT to : int . surgery - day a short time later . Jason on the operate table , a surgeon , a assistant , a anesthesiologist and various nurse be work furiously . Jason be still hook to iv - tube . surgeon ( look over Jason ) I can not believe this guy 's still breathe . multiple gunshot wound to the upper thorax ... massive tissue injury ... ( to anesthesiologist ) let 's put he under . the anesthesiologist take a syringe full of fluid and inject it into a port in the iv tub . anesthesiologist ( to Jason ) it 's okay , buddy . just start count backwards from a hundred . one hundred ... ninety-nine ... ninety - eight ... the surgeon be strapping on glove ... the assistant and nurse be wheeling in cart of scalpel , clamp , surgical gauze . the surgeon be ready to go -- but Jason 's eye be still open and he 's wide awake , watch he . it 's a creepy sight . surgeon ( to anesthesiologist ) what 's the matter ? get he under ! the anesthesiologist look baffle -- inject a _second dose of the fluid into Jason 's iv . but Jason do not flinch . anesthesiologist I be try , Doctor ... but if I give this guy any more barbiturate , it 's gonna kill he . surgeon if we do not go in now , he 's go to bleed to death . do what it take . the anesthesiologist grab a nearby gas mask and put it over Jason 's mouth . he spin the wheel on a tank label nitrous oxide -- we see the level indicator on the tank rise ... rise ... all the way to a _hundre percent . anesthesiologist ( to Jason ) come on , damn you ... close you eye ... _go to sleep_ ... as he say this , we close in on Jason 's face ... and finally , he eyelid begin to droop ... and slowly _close . at that moment ... fade to black . over the blackness of the screen , we hear the sound of thunder . a flash of lightning jolt across the blackness , and we realize that we be in -- jason's dream as a jag bolt of lightning crash 'across the angry heaven . camera tilt down to find a young boy , age eleven , run through a dark forest in terror . this be jason voorhee as a boy . something 's chase he , and he keep glance back . the boy be cover with bruise and nasty look scratch on he face . he stumble , fall , hit the ground hard . flashcut -- jason's mother laugh , she face bath in soft candlelight . -- a hand massage a woman 's breast . the boy stumble to he foot in the forest , continue he flight . Tree branch and bush slap at he face as he run through the forest , scratch he , tear at he clothes . flashcut -- a bedroom door slowly open . -- Jason 's mother 's face look up in surprise . the boy leans up against a tree , try to catch he breath . suddenly we hear a deep and terrible voice call out across the forest . freddy krueger' voice : freddy voice there be you , little man ! the boy run harder , lose he foot and fall down a embankment . as he fall through the air ... flashcut -- the boy stand in a room 'as a man 's hand reach down for he . -- Jason 's mother laugh . -- the boy be slam against a wall . -- lighten crash against the sky . -- lighten on the _unburned face of freddy krueger , smile . the boy hit the bottom of the embankment hard , knock the wind out of he . he get to he hand and knee , try to draw in a breath , but it 's impossible . again freddy 's voice boom out : freddy voice you have be a very naughty boy ! int . surgery the operation be under way . Jason 's chest be OPEN and the surgeon be remove a large caliber bullet with a pair of forcep . surgeon ( be : bullet ) look like a .45 to I . he drop the bullet in a pan . surgeon all right ... this one 's lodge near the spinal column ... the surgeon glance up at a fluoroscopic monitor which show a black and white image of the surgeon 's tool and the interior of Jason 's chest -- it look like a real - time X -ray image . surgeon I need a clamp ... retract the lung ... on the monitor , we can see the progress as the forcep and clamp get closer to a bullet . the surgeon probe for the bullet ... surgeon ( watch monitor ) easy ... almost get it ... the surgeon 's concentrate ... everyone 's be very still ... Jason 's hand fly up and grab the doctor by the neck ! everyone react in shock . surgeon _ jesus_ ! Jason 's eye be still close , but he 's stir as though have a nightmare and try to wake up . nurse his heart rate 's jump to one - ninety - nine ! surgeon ( strangle ) sedative ! a nurse inject Jason with a hypo . he stop struggle and he hand drop away from the doctor . jason's dream crystal lake . the sky be dark with storm cloud . the boy come tear out of the forest , scratch , bedraggle , terrify . he stop at the shore to the lake , look around in desperation . he 's trap . freddy voice I be come ! the boy spot a metal canoe a way down the shoreline . he run to it , jump inside , shove off onto the water and begin paddle like mad to get away from the beach . he glance back at the shore ... nothing . it look like he get away . he stop paddle for a moment , try to catch he breath . there be the slithering scrape of metal under the boat . the boy freeze and look around . _ something be under the boat_ . the scratch get louder , as if someone be try to claw they way through . suddenly , it stop . silence . the canoe capsiZe -- the boy be throw into the cold water . he flail in panic ... he can not swim ... try to clutch onto the overturn boat ... finally manage to hang on and keep himself from go under . but then , without warning ... something pull he down . underwater the boy be thrashing to get back to the surface , but he just keep go deeper ... deeper into the murk ... the boy look up and react to something -- the sudden flash of . freddy metal finger blade fly toward the boy 's face . int . surgery Jason start to convulse on the table . the surgeon be in the middle of close the wound ... Jason jump a little and the surgeon accidentally stab he own hand with the needle . surgeon stabilize he , goddamnit ! anesthesiologist blood pressure rise ! nurse he 's go into epileptic convulsion ! Jason be thrashing on the table , knock over equipment . he lash out at a nurse , connect with she chest and send she flying across the room . the doctor and nurse struggle to hold he down . suddenly one of the nurse glance up at the fluoroscopic monitor ... angle on monitor the fluoroscopic scanner still show the interior of Jason 's chest , but for a moment the silhouette of _freddy finger blades_ pass across the screen as if move through Jason 's chest cavity . resume nurse who react with stunne surprise . jason he eye fly OPEN and he 's awake . at that moment , he stop struggle and simply lie calmly on the operate table . a long beat as everyone in the room stand back and watch he , not know what to expect next . off the shocking moment ... CUT to : int . hospital waiting room - night Ruby , sena , kwan , harding , and sheriff haye be all wait for word . the surgeon come into the room with a shell - shocked and bewilder look on he face . surgeon he 's ... go to make a full recovery . surprise look go around the room . harding you be kid . the guy take five shot . surgeon it be touch and go there for a while . he suffer convulsion at one point ... and then he go into cardiac arrest . ( beat ) frankly , some thing happen in that operate room that I just do not know how to explain . haye like what ? surgeon well , to start with the man have a incredible metabolism . his heart rate be about one - eighty -- and that seem to be normal for he . ( beat ) and I do not even want to talk about he eeg . it 's so bizarre I be think of send it to johns hopkins for analysis . sena point to the clipboard the surgeon 's hold . sena be that he file ? surgeon part of it . when I have complete my post - op report , I will add it to the rest of he file . ruby what do you mean , the rest of he file ? surgeon accord to we record , we have medical file on Jason ... he mother ... he whole family . ( beat ) they have not be add to the computer database yet , but they be still down in the basement . as Ruby and sena exchange a look ... CUT to : int . medical record room - night Ruby and sena be walk through the row and row of shelf of medical record . a attractive nurse be lead they to a specific shelf . nurse voorhee ... voorhee ... right here . she pull out three file folder . nurse pamela voorhee ... elias voorhee ... here we be ... _ jason_ . ( flipping through folder ) there 's not much . birth certificate ... a few office visit . nothing after 1967 . ruby mind if I take a look ? the nurse hand she the file , hand the other half to sena . nurse I will be up front if you need I . sena stare after the nurse with a appreciative leer . as they flip through the file folder ... sena nurse . that 's why I go into medicine . ruby this sexual obsession of yours . have you consider go into therapy yourself ? sena no need . I be self - diagnose . I have severe nympholepsy ... ( beat ) and I be a bed-wetter . ruby well , I definitely feel sorry for you . ( read from case file ) August fourteenth , 1956 ... Jason be bring in by he mother , who say the boy have not sleep for two week . Doctor prescribe valium ... she flip to another page . sena ( read , shocked ) I do not believe it . Jason 's mother die of ovarian cancer in 1969 . ruby so ? sena I think she be a killer , too . you know ... that she chop up a bunch of teenage camp counselor ... before she be decapitate . Ruby be annoyed . ruby that 's the problem with this case . everyone think they know Jason 's life story . but they do not . what you be remember be a _movie_ . fiction . in the movie , Jason 's mother run around , kill people after Jason drown in Crystal Lake sena none of that 's true ? ruby well , Jason _was_ in a canoe accident in 1967 and presume drown . his mother die a few year later after a long bout with cancer . some time in the early eighty , there be a string of murder out by Crystal Lake ... ( spooky voice ) people start say it be Jason ... back from the dead . sena so , what be you say ... that he do not kill all that people ? ruby my job be not to determine he guilt or innocence . that 's up to the jury . my job be defend he . sena give she a look . sena that 's a nice bit of lawyer -speak . why do not you just say it -- you client 's a psychotic killer who 's murder dozen of people , and you be try to set he free . right ? she give he a dirty look . sena ( continue , casual ) do not get I wrong . I do not care . but the professional part of I be interested in how you rationalize what you do . ruby I do not " rationalize " anything . I be he lawyer -- he 's my client . that 's all . sena that do not sound very convincing . Ruby look at he squarely . ruby what do you want -- a tidy psychological profile ? you want to hear that I be falsely accuse of a crime I do not commit ... and that 's drive I to defend other ? or maybe you want to I to get in touch with my feeling ... talk about my childhood ... sena no . you have tell I all I need to know . ruby oh ? sena you be obviously go through a critical moral dilemma . and you be put up barrier against anyone who try to probe you conscience . ( beat ) but it be hearten to know that you do have a conscience . there 's a beat . she look at he . ruby be you charge I you hourly rate right now ? he smile . sena no . that be a freebie . she look at the file again . ruby not much here . Jason be bring in a couple more time for insomnia ... that 's about it . sena wait a minute . let I see that . she hand he the file . sena ( off file ) the mother say the boy have not sleep for over three _months_ . a physical examination show dilate pupil , temperature of one - oh- two , blood chemistry highly imbalance ... ruby that 's pretty weird . be it possible for someone to not sleep for month ? sena it 's rare ... but there be case where people go for year without sleep . ( read ) they diagnose Jason with simple insomnia ... but that 's not what it look like to I . he have every indication of have _insomnolesence_ . ruby insomnolesence ... sena it 's a neurological disorder affect the hypothalamus . the part of the brain that cause sleepiness be inactive . they do not know about it back in the sixty . even now , it 's not understand very well . Ruby consider , intrigue by this new revelation . ruby so Jason do not sleep ... how do that help we ? sena insomnolesence have be know to cause psychotic episode ... delusion ... ruby if we could prove that Jason suffer from this disorder ... and that he homicidal behavior have be a direct result of a medical condition ... sena not guilty by reason of insanity . case close . ruby how do we prove it ? sena simple . we sedate he , induce a somnolesent state , and study he rem pattern when he 's unconscious . ( beat ) if he have the disorder , he rems will be highly abnormal . Ruby smile . ruby then I would say it 's bedtime for Jason . CUT to : int . jason's hospital room - night Jason be lie on a bed , strapped down and shackle to the bed frame . various piece of medical equipment be nearby . a iv be hook to Jason 's arm . there be bar on the window and a armed deputy stand by the door . Jason be conscious and stare at the ceiling with he usual stark gaze . Ruby and kwan look on as sena attaches sensor pad to Jason 's forehead . the pad have long electrical cord which be connect in turn to a console which have be wheeled into the room . the console have monitor and control on it . sena 's assistant , layton , be run various test on the equipment . sena put the last sensor pad in place . sena all right ... that will do it . all of the contact be in place . ( to layton ) begin recording . layton tap a few control on the console , look at a monitor which display various graph and brain pattern schematics . layton ( off console ) everything look good . I be get eeg ... encephalitic level ... neuro - electrical reading ... ( beat ) start recording - at twenty - thirty hour . he tap a control . ruby how long will he need to be asleep ? sena we be go to need at least two full rem cycle to get a clear neurological profile . Three hour minimum , six hour ideal . Ruby move to the bed , look down at Jason . she 's still nervous around he , she feeling mix about this brutal serial killer . but she do she best to put on a professional face . ruby Jason ... we be go to put you to sleep now . we be go to run some test . but it 's go to be all right . just trust I . no response from Jason . Ruby look at sena , nod . sena take a syringe from a adjacent table ... then hook it into the iv . kwan be note everything on a legal pad . kwan for the record , what kind of sedative be you use ? sena forty-seven CC 's valium . sena 's assistant look up in surprise . layton forty-seven CC 's ? sena yeah , I know , but believe I -- this guy do not go under very easily . sena inject the full syringe into the iv . they step back . sena ( to Ruby ) well , that 's it . he will be asleep in a few minute , but he first rem - cycle probably will not kick in for another hour or so . ( beat ) be there a place we can get something to eat in this town ? ruby there 's a pizza place over on market . sena cute waitress ? ruby that 's open to debate . sena I will take my chance . come on , I be buy . she shake she head , pull up a chair . sena there 's nothing to see here . he sleep ... we record it . that 's all that happen . ruby he 's my client , and this be important . enjoy you waitress . sena shrug and then exit . ruby ( to kwan ) take note of everything that happen , no matter how insignificant . I want a complete record of this for the court . kwan nod , sit , take he job very seriously . layton look over at they and yawn . layton if we be lucky , maybe he will fart in he sleep . kwan smile , but then see Ruby be not amused . she keep she eye on Jason . off the image of Jason 's face -- he eye be droop and he 's-start to fall asleep ... ext . hospital - night a few car in the parking lot , and some extra sheriff 's deputy provide security -- but otherwise , all be quiet . int . jason's hospital room - night a while later . layton be sit at the console , watch the monitor with a bored look . kwan be doodling on the legal pad . the deputy be slouching against the wall . Jason be sleep . only Ruby seem still interested in Jason -- she watch he closely . a quiet moment , then Ruby look up , catch something out of the corner of she eye ... jason's hand his finger twitches slightly . jason's eye his eye begin to move back and forth beneath he eyelid ... resume layton react as he console send out a beep . layton ( off console ) there he go . rem sleep begin at twenty - two fifteen hour . ( beat ) sweet dream , you psycho . on the monitor , we see the distinctive eeg of rem sleep -- a single squiggly line . there 's also a hard copy print - out be generate off to the side on a long , narrow sheet of paper pile up on the floor . jason's face eye shifting under close lid -- rapid Eye Movement . push in on Jason 's eye ... closer , until they fill the frame ... suddenly he eye fly open , and we pull back to reveal that we be actually look at eye of the young jason see in the earlier dream sequence . _ we be in jason's dream_ . the boy be lie wide awake on he bed , stare up at the bedroom ceiling , unable to sleep . the boy hear a distant scream noise ... the moan of a woman 's voice . it sound like she 's in pain . the boy frown , climb off he bed and follow the sound into the nearby hallway ... int . jason be house - hallway instead of the dilapidate , abandon house see earlier , the house be in fine condition , fill with normal furniture and have a live - in look . we be in Jason 's house as it appear over twenty year ago . the young boy , scared , worried , be walk toward the bedroom door at the end of the hall . the moan and scream grow louder . he finally reach the door and slowly open it ... int . mother' bedroom the bedroom see earlier , but as it appear over twenty year ago . a woman be tie to the bed with leather strap and she 's scream in ecstasy . a man be on top of she , fuck she hard enough to make the bed slam against the wall . Young Jason stand in the doorway , wide - eye , not sure what to think . boy mommy ? the woman look over , see he . mother ( angry ) Jesus Christ , Jason ... what be you do ? get out of here ! the man turn he head to the boy in anger -- it 's freddy krueger as he appear when he be mortal -- no burn . he 's naked but the distinctive fedora sit on a nearby chair . freddy ( to mother ) I do not know you have a son ... I just _love kid . freddy get up off the bed ... move toward the door . freddy come here , little man ... want to play with freddy ...? but the boy back off at the sight of freddy move toward he and the boy take off run ... int . live room the boy head for the door ... open it but krueger be stand in the doorway , fully clothed now in he distinctive garb and with burn on he face -- this be the familiar nightmare image of krueger . freddy grab the boy by the shirt , hoist he up to eye-level with one hand . freddy it 's be a while , little man . I think you be dead . he run one of he finger - blade across the boy 's cheek , not hard enough to draw any blood . freddy you get away once ... but not this time . he spread the blade wide ... lift he arm to strike ... and as he hand flash toward he face , the blade suddenly hit a _ hockey mask _ which have appear over young Jason 's face . freddy stop , confuse . freddy what ... he drop the boy , who fall heavily on the floor . and as freddy watch in shock , the boy stand up ... and as he get to he foot , he body start to transform into adult jason . a arm , a leg , torso , he head -- feature morphing incredibly one by one until the tower figure of jason stand before he . freddy 's eye narrow , force to suddenly reevaluate the situation . freddy so .... all grow up , I see . a tense moment as the two circle each other warily . there be clearly a prior relationship between the two man -- and there be a deep hatred between they Jason edge towards the fireplace , where there be a axe lean against some firewood . he lunge , grab the axe and swing it toward freddy . it connect -- bite deep into freddy 's chest . freddy roar in pain . Jason advance on he , chopping and hack at freddy , who stagger back at the vicious blow ... int . jason's hospital room - night as before . the console start beep and Jason 's rem pattern start jump erratically . layton what the hell ... Ruby move to he . ruby what 's go on ? layton I do not know . I have never see anything like it . on the bed , Jason 's hand twitches more violently . his arm jump slightly . layton he must be have one hell of a dream . his rems be all over the place . jason's dream - live room ( continuous ) Jason be literally hacking freddy to piece . blood spraying around the live room . freddy 's limb have be severe -- arm and leg chop clean off . Jason lift the axe and decapitate freddy 's head . the head roll a few foot away . but freddy be not dead . the severe head _smiles_ , and look up at Jason . freddy Nice try . without warning , freddy 's disembody arm grab Jason by the ankle , pull he off he foot . Jason crash hard onto the floor . one of freddy 's dismember legs kick he in the side . another leg put its foot on Jason 's throat , pin he to the ground . freddy head roll like ball onto he bloody torso , reconnect itself . the torso leap up and in the flash of a eye he entire , body start to reassemble itself . int . jason's hospital room Jason start thrashing violently on the bed . kwan be on he foot now , stand a safe distance away . layton something 's wrong . I be bring he out . ( to deputy ) give I a hand . layton and the deputy move to Jason 's bedside . layton grab a hypodermic off a medical tray , start fill it with a solution . kwan quickly take note , try to capture every detail . the deputy move to the opposite side of the bed , try to hold Jason still while layton prepare the hypodermic . jason's dream - live room freddy be now whole again , and he be stand with he foot on Jason 's throat , pin the man to the ground . freddy I make the rule around here . and rule number one be : _ freddy always wins_ . he plunge he finger blade straight down into Jason 's chest . int . jason's hospital room the assistant prick the needle into Jason 's arm ... he start to press the plunger on the hypo ... _freddy entire forearm burst straight out of jason's chest . there be no blood . it 's a otherworldly effect -- as though freddy be breaching into our reality . everyone freeze in shock at the image . freddy 's hand move like lighten and slashes the deputy and layton in one fluid move . they collapse , blood squirting from the razor cut in they neck . the syringe be still deep in Jason 's arm -- but the drug have not yet be injected . jason's dream - live room freddy be digging he arm deeper into Jason 's chest . Jason be writhe in pain , he hockey - clad face inch away from freddy 's now . freddy frown ... dig he arm in _deeper_ ... freddy there 's more to you than meet the eye . he plunge he arm yet deeper -- int . jason's hospital room -- where we see freddy 's entire arm and part of he shoulder bursting out of Jason . freddy 's hand whip around , search for something to grab onto ... blade scraping against the wall ... rip at bedsheet ... Ruby open the door and yell out -- ruby we need help in here ! now ! kwan turn to avoid the thrashing finger blade ... but a blade snag in kwan 's ponytail . he yell out ... try to untangle the blade but it 's too late . freddy know he have somebody . the hand grab hold and yank he up onto . the bed . kwan struggle , but it 's too late -- freddy pull kwan down into jason's chest ... jason's dream - live room freddy 's pull kwan 's head out of jason's chest , into the dream . kwan blink and look around in abject terror . freddy look amaze at the sight . freddy you be not from around here , be you ? ( realize ) you be from the _other side . int . jason's hospital room where Ruby have grab onto kwan , try desperately to pull he out of Jason 's chest . Jason thrashes , break a arm restraint . close on jason's arm as Ruby and ewan struggle , kwan 's body press up against the plunger on the syringe -- and inadvertently inject Jason with the drug ... jason's dream - live room freddy be laugh now . he rip at kwan 's face with the blade , then shove kwan 's head straight down -- int . jason's hospital room -- kwan be catapult out of Jason 's chest , knock Ruby down and he slam into the far wall . he slump to the floor , cover in blood and gore , _dead_ . Ruby sit up with a daze look . jason's dream - live room freddy smile , lean down as though to enter Jason 's body head -first ... when suddenly the scene drain of color . freddy 's head snap up , look around . freddy no ... not yet ! the entire scene distort and fragment , Jason 's dream break up . finally dissolving to : int . jason's hospital room - close on he face as he eye fly open -- he 's _awake . wide on the room a bloody mess . but everything be quiet . Ruby sit on the floor in shock . the door burst open and a team of doctor and nurse rush in and react to the sight . off the moment ... CUT to : ext . crystal lake sheriff' station - day Ruby , escort by two sheriff 's deputy , be push she way through a media circus . Reporters thrust microphone , camera and tape recorder at she as she try to make she way to the sheriff 's Station door . various reporter ( overlap ) be it true Jason kill three more people ? you own assistant be murder , how do you feel about that ? do you still intend to plead not guilty ? how do this affect you defense strategy ? etc . Ruby look shell - shocked -- she 's change and clean - up , but she do not answer . CUT to : int . sheriff' station - interrogation room - day sheriff haye be question Ruby . there 's a tape recorder on the table in front of they . a two - way mirror dominate the room . the d.a. harding be there , with a skeptical look on he face . haye a hand ? Ruby run a hand through she hair , try to talk calmly . ruby that 's right ... it ... it come right out of he chest ... haye who 's chest ? ruby jason' . it come out of he chest ... a hand with long blade on the finger ... she try to stay calm ... ruby ( continue ) and this hand ... it ... it slashed Doctor layton 's throat ... and the deputy . then it grab Danny by the head ... ( get emotional ) and it pull he head right down into he chest ... I could not ... haye lay a hand he shoulder . haye take it easy , Ruby ... it 's all right . ( beat ) now , try to think clearly ... do not you mean _ jason's_ hand ... do not you mean he grab a scalpel and slashed Doctor layton 's throat ? ruby ( a challenge ) do you find a scalpel ? do you find a murder weapon ? a awkward beat . harding reach over and turn off the tape recorder . he 's try to help she . harding Ruby , come on . you witness a brutal triple murder and you be have trouble accept it . ( beat ) think about what you be say . you really expect a jury to believe that Jason have a mystery killer live in he tummy ? ruby I know how this sound , but that 's what happen . her voice be crack slightly . it 's clear she 's have trouble deal with all this . harding and haye exchange a look . haye look ... Ruby ... maybe you should hand this case over to someone else . take a few week off . Ruby stand , adamant . ruby I do not need time off . what we need to do be find out who kill that man . where do that hand come from ? a tense beat . haye we be still check the crime scene ... but I can almost guarantee we will be filing three more murder charge against you client within a day . ( beat ) and we be move he back to he jail cell ... where he belong . harding and haye exit , leave Ruby alone for a moment . she look at she reflection in the two - way mirror , try to get a hold of herself ... CUT to : int . jail cell - corridor - night Security be noticeably tighter . four deputy stand outside the jail cell , shotgun at - the-ready . Jason have be manacle and shackle with even heavier iron . Ruby be stand outside the cell , watch she client . Jason be again stare off into middle - distance . ruby what 's go on in that head of yours , Jason ? what be you think ? ( beat ) I wish there be some way you could make I understand what I see in that hospital room . a long moment . ruby well ... at least I know you be innocent of something . as she turn to go ... CUT to : int . ruby's house - live room - night Ruby be sit at a desk in front of she personal computer . she have case file all around she . she shuffles through the papers until she find a police sketch show a draw of a hand with the glove and blade . on the single sheet there be top , side and bottom view . and on the top we can see print that say " artist conception of murder weapon base on eyewitness description . " Ruby look at the sketch for a moment , then reach over and open a small optical imaging scanner . she place the draw in the scanner , close the lid , then tap a few control of the computer keypad . the scanner start work ... and on the computer screen we see a digitize image of the artist 's draw as it fill the frame . Ruby work the keypad -- on the screen the computer say " save as : murder weapon . " she reach over turn on a modem . we hear the familiar dial tone . Ruby tap in a telephone number on the computer , and we hear the modem start dial a number . we hear a computer tone answer on the other end . on the screen , a window appear which say " welcome to FBI Bureau of criminal statistic . enter request . " Ruby tap in " homicide file search . " the computer answer back : " choose category : victim , suspect , location , method , murder weapon , date , investigator , etc . " Ruby type in " murder weapon . " the computer answer : " search murder weapon by : graphic or text . " Ruby type in " graphic . " Computer : " enter graphic . " Ruby tap another command , and we see the digitize picture of the finger blade appear again as the computer send it to the FBI center . a window come up on the computer that say : " graphic receive . search record ... " a beat go by ... then the screen say " Match found . " Ruby type in " display record . " the computer go blank for a moment , then be fill with a police file . there 's a fuzzy photo of freddy krueger ( without burn ) wear he distinctive fedora hat ... and there be a police photo of a glove with blade lie on the ground . the glove be singe and scorched . Ruby lean forward . ruby there it be ... the photo be label at the bottom : " crime scene photo 147 . date : 1968 . suspect name : krueger , fred . " ruby ( read ) Fred krueger ... she tap a few control . the screen now fill with a case file -- City of springwood Police department . Ruby read the screen with grow excitement ... ruby ( read ) janitor at springwood junior High School . suspected of multiple child murder . be find burn to death in boiler room ... Ruby think . she see something on the screen and lean forward . at the very bottom of the page we can see the word : " see also : unsolved teen murder , springwood , 1984 . " off she curious reaction ... CUT to : ext . motel - night a local place -- modest and a little run-down . int . motel room - night sena be sit at a cheap plywood desk , with a bottle of scotch and a glass sit in front of he . he 's be drink , and we can see on he face that he 's be shocked by the recent event . the rem print-out be spread in front of he , along with other papers . there 's a knock at the door . sena get up , a little unsteady , open the door . Ruby step in carry papers and computer print-out -- she look determine . ruby I think I be onto something , Joe . sena I too . I be drunk . ruby well , I be onto something more useful . ( beat ) you ever hear of a man name Fred krueger ? sena sit down on the bed . sena krueger ... do not ring a bell . ruby he be a child killer in the late sixty ... in a town call springwood about eight mile from here . ( beat ) guess what he murder weapon be ? a glove with six - inch blade . sena ( dry ) fascinating . ruby now .... accord to the file , krueger be burn to death in a fire in 1968 . but get this -- beginning in 1984 , there be _another series of murder in springwood . all teenager ... all kill in they sleep ... all kill with finger blade just like krueger 's . sena take this in . sena I think you say krueger burn to death . ruby that 's right . the murder in the eighty be never solve . ( with import ) but ... there be teenage witness who say krueger have the ability to appear in you dream ... and that if he kill you in a dream , it would kill you in the real world . sena uh-huh ... ruby do not you see ? Jason be _asleep_ . and he be dream -- the rem pattern prove that . and I see finger blade just like krueger 's come out of Jason 's chest . there have to be a connection . sena yeah ... I think I understand ... ( beat ) you be drunk , too . she throw the computer print-out at he . ruby it 's all right here , damnit ! she start pace the room , frustrated . sena look ... I know how upset you be . I be upset , too . Tom layton be my assistant for five year . we both lose somebody in there . Ruby calm down a little . ruby I be sorry ... but I know what I see ... she grab the draw of krueger 's finger blade . ruby ( be : draw ) and I see this hand kill three people . I be tell you ... there 's a connection between Jason and freddy . sena take a deep breath , try to clear he mind . sena okay ... set that aside for a moment ... because I have something , too , and I be not quite sure what to make of it ... he stand and move to the desk , indicate the rem print - out . we can see the long computer strip have a squiggly line run down the center of it ... but at one point a second rem line appear above it and the two line run parallel for most of the tape . sena point to the print - out 's second line . sena see this ? ruby yeah , what be it ? sena _ it 's a second rem pattern . he point to the first squiggly line . sena I know what this be ... this be Jason 's rem pattern . it run through the entire record of the session . ( be : second pattern ) but this _second pattern appear out of nowhere and run concurrent with Jason 's for the last five minute of he dream . Ruby study the tape . sena it 's as though there be two people in that room ... both of they asleep ... both of they dream . ruby that do not make sense . sena add it to the list . ruby so what do we do ? sena consider . sena I do not suppose I can go back to the University and chase young coed again ... pretend this whole thing never happen ... ruby not yet . sena then I would say we should put Jason under again ... run another tape on he and see what happen . we will get extra data this time . video ... infrared ... the work . ruby great . when can you do it ? sena tomorrow . if you can clear it with the sheriff 's department . ruby I will have to lean on they pretty hard after what happen last night ... but I think I can do it . ( beat ) let I know what happen . sena you be not go to be there ? ruby I be there once ... that be enough . besides ... I have to go out to Jason 's house tomorrow . ( grim ) they're ... digging up some new evidence . CUT to : close on the ground as a shovel dig out a spade - full of dirt , then bite back into the ground , but this time instead of sink into the dirt , the blade clank against something solid . a hand reach down , brushes aside some of the dirt to reveal the top of a human skull . widen to include -- ext . jason be house - day the man digging be a sheriff' deputy . we be on the hillside behind Jason 's house . scatter along the hill be a dozen or so deputy and forensics expert digging up the hillside , look for body . deputy ( call out ) I get another one here ! a forensics expert move to he . Ruby , sheriff haye and harding stand off to one side , watch grimly . haye make a note on a clipboard . haye tag that one victim number forty - seven . another team of deputy and forensics expert carry a body bag past they . the scene be depress Ruby . harding have a smirk on he face . harding ( to Ruby ) I can not wait to hear you open argument . " lady and gentlemen of the jury ... the Defense will prove that Jason voorhee do not kill all of this people . they , in fact , commit mass suicide and then bury themselves in he back yard ... " ruby fuck you . she walk off . haye look at harding , annoyed with the man 's casual attitude . haye that 's a legal term . it mean " fuck you . " haye walk off . new angle - jason's front porch - day Ruby watch the parade of body be dig up , carry , tag and load onto a flatbe truck . it 's stack high with body bag . it sicken she . she turn away from the scene , decide to go into the house . she duck under the crime scene tape surround the house ... walk up the creaky stair to the front door ... int . jason be house - continuous - day Ruby enter , look around -- this be she first time in the house and she 's curious . in contrast to the last time we see the house , it be light by various stand light that the deputy have bring in . Furniture , possession and artifact have all be numbered and tag as evidence . otherwise , the house be largely intact . there be plastic matting on the floor . the harsh white light give the house a cold , eerie quality . Ruby walk over to the lone upholster chair ... run a hand over the top . she pull she hand away and fold she arm around she chest , suddenly chill . she walk to a wall and examine it ... the wallpaper be old and tear ... and there be dark blotches of what might be dry blood . each blotch have be circle with marker pen and have identify number next to they . Ruby glance at the nearby hallway , head for it ... int . hallway Ruby walk toward Jason 's mother 's bedroom . she enter ... int . mother' bedroom the room appear as it do at the top of the film -- everything in its place , cover with a layer of dust . tag on everything . Ruby walk over to the night table see earlier , where she examine the photograph of Jason as a boy . he stare back at she with that haunt look . she turn away from the photo , let she eye roam over the room ... notice a closet . she move to it , carefully open the door ... Inside we find clothes and artifact that have not be disturb in decade . woman 's clothes circa 1960 hang neatly on the rack . some be moth -eaten . shoe , coat and other clothing be also there -- all women' . she move to close the door , but stop when she notice that hang on the inside of the door on a peg be a man 's brown fedora hat -- identical to the one she see in the photo of freddy krueger . she react ... take the hat off of the peg , hold it in she hand ... look inside the hat brim . emboss in gold inside the brim be the initial " _f.k._ " ruby krueger ... off she reaction as she realize she 's find a important connection ... CUT to : int . jason be cell - day Jason be lie on a gurney . two deputy be shackle he securely to the rail by the arm and leg . while they do this another two deputy stand in the cell with shotgun , keep a close eye on he . but Jason , as always , be not struggle and be eerily still . sena be outside the cell , make final adjustment to the console see earlier -- he neural scan equipment . the deputy finish secure Jason . there be a thick of atmosphere of paranoia and hostility in the room . deputy # 1 that should hold he . deputy # 2 that 's what they say the last time . and the son of a bitch get loose . the deputy back out of the cell cautionsly . sena walk in with a flip , nonchalant attitude make a show of how unconcern he be as he approach Jason and attaches electrode to he forehead . sena here we go , Jason ... ( beat ) would you like a bedtime story ? Jason 's eye flick over to sena for a moment , and it 's enough to wipe the smile off sena 's face and send a chill through he body . sena quickly head for a tray where a syringe and a bottle of sedative be wait . as he fill the syringe ... int . jason be house - mother' bedroom as before . Ruby be now rummage through the closet , look for other clue . she finally give up -- nothing here . she turn and go to a chest of drawer , start open the drawer ... react in disgust at a drawer swarm with insect and mold ... keep look ... int . jail cell - corridor - day as before . the deputy stand by , sena sit at the console , activate the equipment . there be also video camera and other high - tech monitoring equipment -- whatever happen this time , it 's go to be record . Jason be on the bed , he eye close . after a beat , we can see he eye begin to move underneath he eyelid as he begin dream . on sena 's monitor , a computer message come up : " rem sleep established . " sena note the time on he clipboard ... int . jason be house - mother' bedroom as before . Ruby be now on all four , look underneath the bed ... int . jason be cell - close on he face as-his head twitches in he sleep -- he 's obviously in the middle of a nightmare ... int . jason be house - mother' bedroom Ruby in part - way under the bed , rummage through clothing and other debris ... when suddenly there be a squeak from the bed above she . she freeze ... then it happen again . we see the spring of the bed ease down toward she , as if someone just sit down on the bed . ruby hello ? no answer . she start to crawl out from under the bed , when suddenly the bed start to jump violently , as if someone be stand on the bed jump up and down . Ruby be be pound by the action of the spring ... she struggle to get out ... the metal spring scrape and tear at she , cut she in place . she scream , panicked . ruby let I out ! let I out , stop it ! she finally manage to free herself , stand and look at the bed . there 's no one there , but on the bed we can see the imprint of two body which have disturb the dust and be distorting the sheet . it 's as if two invisible people be in the bed fuck violently . the bed jump up and down under they unseen body . Ruby back up in shock , terrify and confuse . int . jail cell - corridor sena tense , lean forward . Jason 's rem pattern be get highly erratic . on the bed , Jason be now thrashing in he sleep against the manacle . the deputy be get uneasy . one of they chamber a round into the shotgun , finger on the trigger ... int . jason be house - mother' bedroom the movement on the bed _stops_ . Dead quiet . Ruby try to catch she breath , run a tremble hand through she hair . there be the creak of a door behind she . she turn , and be surprised to see -- a young boy stand in the doorway ( it 's young Jason , the same boy see in Jason 's dream ) . the boy be stare at the bed , not at Ruby . but before she can say anything , the door . slam shut in the boy 's face . ruby wait wait ! she rush to the door , open it --- there 's no one there . int . jail cell - corridor sena watch in amazement as the reading on the monitor get more and more erratic . on the bed , Jason be now tremble violently . the deputy shift nervously from foot to foot . suddenly a second rem pattern emerge on the monitor . sena lean forward . sena there it be ... the second rem pattern ... int . jason be house - live room Ruby look around for the boy -- who be he ? ruby ( call out ) where be you ? it 's all right , I will not hurt you ... what be you do here ? nothing . only silence . she glance out the window , see the boy run through the forest . he look afraid . she bolt for the front door ... int . jail cell - corridor sena be tapping command , try to analyze the rem signal . sena where be this come from ? it do not make any sense . it 's like there 's someone else in there with he ... Jason jolt violently . the light flicker in the room . a ominous rumbling SOUND can be hear -- almost like a approach freight train . the deputy be definitely get nervous at this point , glance around , wonder what the hell be go on . ext . forest - day Ruby run through the dense tree , try to find the boy ... but he 's nowhere in sight . she come up to the lakeshore , look around . no one there . she 's about to give up and go back to the house , when a flash of sunlight on metal can be see nearby . she look . there appear to be something metal hide in the bush about fifty yard away from she . she head for it ... int . jail cell - corridor sena work he console and equipment , try desperately to figure out what 's go on . suddenly the monitor explode one by one in burst of spark and glass . sena throw up he arm to protect himself and hit the floor . ext . forest / lakeshore - day Ruby be pull brush away from the metal object ... and reveal the metal canoe we see in Jason 's dream . the canoe be rusted and cover with dirt and grime . she pull it over on its side and discover five long slashes on the metal bottom . off she reaction ... int . jail cell - corridor - day sena be pick himself up off the floor ... the room be quiet now , and the smoke from the crackle console be swirl about . sena fuck I ... he approach the open jail cell door , peer inside . sena's Pov the smoke eddyy through the cell ... and we get a fleeting glimpse of freddy krueger stand on Jason 's bed -- krueger be just _pulling he leave leg out of Jason 's chest . the smoke swirl about and quickly obscure the scene . sena react in shock . blink a couple of time -- do he really see that ? sena who 's that ? who 's in there ? a _figure step forward out of the smoke ... it 's freddy krueger . he look exhilated . freddy have break into we reality and it 's a big moment for he . sena eye the man with shock . sena who be you ? freddy everyone 's worst nightmare . freddy step forward to strike sena but stop when he hear the sound of weapon be cocked . he turn to see ... the four deputy who bring they weapon up , ready to pump freddy full of shell . freddy smile at they . suddenly they eye lose focus as if see some other scene . sena frown , puzzle . the deputy seem to be experience some kind of waking nightmare that only they can see -- some be sweat , tremble , mutter , frighten . finally , the deputy all turn they weapon _on themselves_ , put the barrel in they mouth and to they own temple . there 's a quick beat . freddy take a load off you mind , boy . the deputy all pull the triggers and blow there head off . blood splatter across the room . sena recoil against the wall in horror . freddy sniff the air . freddy ah ... the smell of _real_ blood . it 's be a long time . there be shout from down the hall and the door to the sheriff 's Station swing open , revealing other deputy racing into the cell area , with they gun out . freddy smile at they in anticipation . ext . jason be house - dusk as Ruby come run up through the darken forest . the deputy be scramble to they car and roaring away , siren wail . Ruby run up to harding , who be head for he own car . ruby ( to harding ) what 's go on ? harding some kind of emergency back at the sheriff 's Station . four deputy shot ... some kind of explosion ... I do not know what 's go on , but they be panic back there . Ruby jump in the car with harding and they take off to follow the sheriff 's deputy . CUT to : ext . crystal lake - night Ruby and harding drive past the " welcome to Crystal Lake " sign , and slow as they enter the MAIN STREET . the small thoroughfare seem desert . but there be a dozen or so dead body lie on the street . people on the sidewalk , on the street , in they car , on park bench ... it 's as if a neutron bomb go off , kill everyone and leave the building intact . harding stop the car and they both get out , shocked at the scene of death . harding what the hell happen here ...? suddenly the sound of gunfire draw they attention . they take off at a run down the street , turn the corner and stop in surprise at what they see ... angle a little street line with shop . sheriff haye and a five deputy be engage in a fierce firefight -- with _nobody_ . the deputy be fire wildly at enemy only they can see . but Ruby and harding can see no enemy . it 's a bizarre sight as the deputy fire at and retreat from nothing ... angle - haye as he retreat down the street , fire he pistol from the hip -- he 's clearly terrify of something that only he can see advance on he . haye ( to deputy ) fall back ! fall back ! haye turn and try to run , then be knock to the ground by some unseen force and a spray of blood as he back be riddled and rip apart by hundred of invisible bullet . there be no sound of gunfire at all -- give it a eerie , surreal quality . ruby and harding take in the strange sight . harding there 's no one there ... who be they fight ? Ruby watch in disbelief as the five deputy be pumped full of bullet that seem to come from out of thin air . ruby they be see something that we do not ... ( beat ) let 's get out of here . they take off run ... CUT to : ext . crystal lake sheriff' station - night Minutes later . it 's a scene of death and destruction . the body of reporter , pedestrian and sheriff 's deputy be strewn across the sheriff 's Station lawn . Ruby and harding pull up in harding 's car and get out . harding put a hand to he mouth , sicken by the sight . Ruby steady he and they head toward the step ... but even Ruby can not avoid look down at the body surround she . one of they be a female news reporter , and next to she a dead news cameraman . his video camera be lie a few foot away . Ruby grimace , be about to turn away when she notice the light on the camera be still flash . ruby it 's still on . harding what ? ruby his camera ... it 's still recording . she bend down to the camera , pick it up and fiddle with the camera control for a moment ... hit " rewind " and start rewind the tape . harding stare down at the cameraman -- he be obviously badly beat before he die . harding maybe we should not be here ... I mean , what if the people who do this be still around ? Ruby grab a small earphone out of the dead cameraman 's ear ... wipe the blood of it ... put it in she own ear ... hit play on the camera . she bring the viewfinder to she eye watch the action ... camera image - ruby's Pov a black and white video image of the female reporter . she 's stand in front of the sheriff 's Station with she microphone , beginning a routine stand - up piece . reporter ( to camera ) so far the sheriff 's Department have refuse to give a exact count of the body find at Jason voorhee 's house . but inside source have tell Channel nine News that the body count be currently at forty - seven and climb . ( beat ) judge gillan will be hearing motion on -- she suddenly break off and turn around , as if hearing something behind she . during the follow sequence , the reporter and cameraman will be reacting to scene that _only they can see_ , while the videotape clearly show that _nothing be actually there_ . reporter ( shocked ) we just hear gunshot come from within the sheriff 's Station . I do not know what 's go on but something 's clearly wrong ... ( a aside , to camera ) Jerry , keep I in frame , but shoot over my shoulder . the cameraman focus on the front of the sheriff 's Station , keep the reporter in frame . reporter more gunshot ... there be a scream ... and what sound like voice shouting ... but again , as the reporter narrate this action we see and hear _nothing_ . the sheriff 's Station be peaceful . she react in shock . reporter oh my God ... it look like a prison break ... I would say there be least fifty prisoner burst out onto the sheriff 's Station lawn ... the cameraman be move the camera frantically , as if try " capture the action " -- but there be no action to capture . the reporter be start to panic . reporter I ... I can not believe this ... my God , they be attack people ... it 's turn into a riot ! the camera image be knock around and fritzes as the two run for cover . suddenly the reporter _screams_ . reporter no , no ! let I go , please ! do not hurt I ! the cameraman instinctively whirl the camera onto she . she be writhe on the ground , scream furiously , as if to throw off invisible assailant . her dress be ripped OPEN , she leg spread , she breast expose . she scream and wrestle , try to get away -- she 's be _rape by unseen forces_ . we hear the cameraman breathe heavily , panic . cameraman' voice oh my God ... oh my God ... no ... no , please , leave I alone ! no ! a strangle cry of agony and the camera image smashes to the ground . we hear the cameraman scream in pain . and then the scream stop . there 's a quiet beat ... and then the camera be pick up off the ground and we see the face of freddy krueger leer into the camera lens . freddy this be freddy krueger report ! the image fritzes to black . ruby drop the camera in shock , as if there be a snake in she hand .. harding what happen ? ruby _ krueger ... harding who ? ruby come on . harding hesitates -- he 's scared . harding I have have enough . you be on you own , Ruby . sorry . harding head for he car , get in and drive off . as Ruby pound up the step of the sheriff 's Station ... int . jail cell - corridor - night the hall lead to Jason 's cell be litter with the bloody and ravage body of several dead deputy . a smokey haze still hang in the air . Jason 's cell door be stand open as Ruby approach . she step into the cell ... int . jason's cell Ruby enter and look around . Jason can be see _sleeping_ on he bed , still in shackle . the four deputy who shot themselves be all lie on the floor . Ruby move toward Jason to check on he . sena I would not do that , if I be you . Ruby nearly jump out of she shoe . she turn to see sena , who be sit calmly on the floor in a dark corner of the cell with he back against the wall . he look shell - shocked , he clothes slightly tear and a few scratch on he face . ruby Joe ... she rush to he . ruby are. you all right ? what happen ? he look up at she dully , take a moment for he eye to focus on she . sena I be think of write a paper ... and I can not quite decide on a title ... he trail off . Ruby shake he . ruby _ joe_ . sera how about " mass narcosis induced by transdimensional paranormal sociopathic entity . " ( beat ) not very catchy , be it ? ruby Joe , listen to I ... sena ( calm , analytical ) it 's all right . I be simply in shock ... this be what happen to people when they experience event they can not understand or comprehend . the mind shut down temporarily and try to shield itself from the horrific imagery it 's be expose to . ( beat ) I be go to need a lot of therapy . ruby it be krueger , be not it ? sena look up sharply . sena you see he ? ruby a cameraman catch he on videotape . Joe , I see a entire sheriff 's squad fight and lose against a enemy that be not there ... Joe nod gravely . sena fascinating , be not it ? krueger have the ability to induce some sort of _ mass narcosis_ . people see thing that be not there ... waking nightmare ... and this nightmare can kill you . Ruby think , put it all together . ruby he 's out . krueger 's cross from the dreamworld into ours . and now ... instead of just kill you in you sleep ... he can kill you while you be _awake . ( beat ) but how do he get here ? sena smile , run a hand through he hair . sena he come out of Jason 's dream . he put he hand to he temple as if try to hold he brain together as he say this thing aloud . sena actually , to be more precise , he come out of Jason 's chest . he just ... step right out of he body like step out of a doorway . Ruby look over at the sleep Jason , who have no damage to he chest . sena 's breath come faster , he 's almost hyperventilate . sena in fact , I think that maybe a apt description of we friend mister voorhee . I think he 'a a doorway between we world and krueger 's . ( beat ) either that ... or I be completely insane . his voice begin to tremble . Ruby grab hold of he , shake he hard . ruby no ... you be not insane . we have get to hold on to each other , Joe . if we can do that , maybe we find a way out of this . sena slow he breathe ... try to calm himself .. he hand be shaking . sena okay ... okay ... Ruby look at Jason with a mixture of curiosity and fear . something catch she eye . she look under the cot ... and we see two feet wear tennis shoe under the cot . _ there be someone huddle underneath the bed_ . ruby Holy shit ... there 's someone under here . Ruby and sena get to they foot ... and there be a tense moment as they look anxiously toward the cot . Ruby cautiously bend down to look under the cot ... and be surprised to see the syoung boy_ see in Jason 's dream be now here . he be hide under the bed in fear . off Ruby 's stunne reaction ... CUT to : ext . country road - night harding 's car zoom along the road . it pass a sign that say " interstate 77 - 1 / 4 mile . " int . harding be car - night harding behind the wheel . he breathes a sigh of relief -- he 's start to feel better . he turn the radio on , tune it to a classical station . ext . highway = night a bustling , busy thoroughfare -- car whizzing - back and forth . harding 's car merge into the traffic . int . harding be car - night as before . harding be approach a overpass directly ahead with a light billboard that display mileage on it : " springwood - 8 mile " harding watch the road ... then just as he pass underneath the overpass , he glance up again and see -- harding's Pov _ freddy krueger be stand in front of the billboard , the floodlight casting a large shadow on the board behind he . it now read " _hell - o miles_ . " but the image be only fleeting , as the car zip under the overpass . harding the image be so quick he be not even sure if he really see it . the classical music stop . and freddy 's voice can be hear on the radio : freddy voice we interrupt this program to make a important announcement . int . another car a woman and she husband drive along the highway , reacting to the same voice . freddy voice ( continue ) we regret to inform you that because of circumstance beyond we control ... int . another car a family of four , two child , listen to the same announcement . freddy voice interstate seventy - Seven be about to reach ... a _dead -end . int . harding be car he 's try to change the radio channel , but freddy 's voice be on every station . freddy voice and now ... a golden oldie . we suddenly hear the hauntingly familiar nursery rhyme sung by young girl come over the radio . girl ' voice ( sing ) one , two -- freddy 's come for you ! Three , four -- better lock you door ! five , six -- get you crucifix ! harding do not know what to make of it . suddenly he see something on the road ahead of he . harding what the hell ... harding's Pov directly ahead of he on the freeway , a group of young girl wear white dress be skipping rope . it 's a strange and oddly frightening sight here in the middle of the freeway . harding react in surprise , then suddenly swerve to avoid hit the girl . int . another car the woman and she husband , as before . they see the girl , too -- and swerve to miss they . int . another car the family of four reacting to the girl and hit the brake . ext . highway - night car after car plowing into each other -- cause a cascade effect : dozen of car slamming together , roll over , careen off the highway into light stanchion . _ the girl skip rope be nowhere in sight_ . some car jump the barrier , crashing into car drive in the opposite direction . it be a nightmare pile - up . close on freddy who be stand on the freeway overpass next to the railing look . down . we move to reveal -- wide angle - highway all of the car on the freeway have come to a dead stop ... light on ... engine run . but none of the car be damaged . it 's like the car have simply roll to a stop . as far as the eye can see there be nothing but park car . int . harding be car harding be lie twisted and mangle in the front seat , still strapped neatly behind the wheel . his neck be break at a impossible angle , arm flung back and face shred . the radio be on , play classical music and the engine be run . a peaceful scene , except for the corpse . quick cut : -- the family of four dead , bloody in a car that have be untouched . -- the woman and she husband , both dead . the man 's head lie on the car seat next to he wife . the car be run , the radio play . -- Inside a few other car on the highway , all with similar image . undamage car fill with break body . on freddy look out over the seemingly peaceful scene . freddy next time remember ... " do not dream and drive . " CUT to : int . jason be cell - night Ruby and sena have coax the young boy out from under the cot . the boy be sit with he back to the cell bar , he knee draw up to he chest and he arm wrap tightly around he . sena be work at he damage console , check reading . Jason be still in a deep , troubled sleep . Ruby be kneel next to the boy , try to get though to he . ruby I see you up at the house . what be you do there ? the boy 's voice be small and flat . there be something haunt about this boy . boy I live there ... with my mommy . ruby you mommy ... where be she ? the boy shake he head -- do not know . sena come over , crouch down . he 's hold two sensor pad with wire - lead in he hand . ruby what be you do ? sena check out a theory . just keep talk to he . Ruby focus on the boy . ruby what 's you name ? boy Jason . Ruby react in surprise . sena I think he 's tell the truth . Ruby look over in surprise , and sena motion she over to the console . he 's look over some neural pattern and technical read-out on a monitor . there be two neural pattern on the monitor side by side , and they be identical . sena ( off monitor ) this be Jason 's rem pattern ... and this be the boy 's rem pattern . they be identical . ruby how 's that possible ? sena Jason 's asleep ... maybe he 's dream of himself as a young boy ... and that boy be sit right here . ( beat ) I think he 's some kind of projection from Jason 's subconscious . she look at the boy with renew intent . ruby so in essence ... that boy _is_ Jason . sena nod . Ruby move to the boy , kneel down . ruby Jason ... do you know a man name Fred krueger ? the boy suddenly look terrify , retreat against the cell bar . Ruby speak gently . ruby you do ... and you be afraid of he . the boy nod . ruby he try to hurt you , do not he ? in the canoe ... on the lake ... the boy start to panic at the memory . boy ( yell ) get away from I ! help I ! mommy ! the boy cringe and cry out as four long laceration appear on he forehead . four more cut appear on he arm and tear at he clothes , then another set on he neck . the boy be bleed , cry . it 's a terrifying sight . Jason be toss and turn on the bed . Ruby be not sure what to do next -- follow she instinct . ruby ( to boy ) it 's okay , Jason ... he can not hurt you ... I will not let he hurt you ... she take off she coat , try to use it to staunch the flow of blood , but stop as the laceration suddenly heal before she eye and turn into nasty scar . the blood disappear . a breathless moment as the boy calm down ... and a stricken look come across he face . ruby he attack you in the canoe ... you fall in the lake ... and then what happen ? the boy speak in a flat voice . boy I be under the water ... the water come into my mouth ... ( beat ) I could not breathe anymore ... everything get dark . the boy 's voice deepen slightly -- older , more adult . it 's a eerie moment . boy I open my eye ... and I be lie on the shore of the lake . and everything be ... different . ruby different ... how ? boy it be hard to think ... pain ... I be mad ... the boy 's voice distort and lower into a frightening growl . boy ( deep growl ) I be _very mad . suddenly he go limp and stare blankly as we have see adult Jason do previously . Ruby look at he for a long moment , then stand and join sena . ruby so krueger think Jason 's dead ... leave he in the lake ... but the boy actually wake up on the shore ... crawl off into the wood ... where he life the rest of he life alone . sena alone ... but with a murderous fury inside he ... which lead he to kill dozen of people . Ruby think . ruby if I be right , this happen before the krueger murder in springwood . ( beat ) that mean that Jason might have be krueger 's first victim . sena except this victim get away . I wonder if -- suddenly the boy leap to he foot with a guttural yell and a murderous rage on he face . he grab a nightstick off the floor and with both hand and swing it at sena . sena throw up both arm to protect he face and but he arm break with a sicken crunch . the boy hit he again in the shoulder and sena crumple to the ground . the boy turn to Ruby , move to attack . Ruby grab both he arm , but it 's difficult to hold on the wildly flail boy who be growl and scream like a craze animal . ruby Jason , no ! we be not you enemy ! listen to I ! _ listen ! on the bed , Jason struggle in he sleep , and one arm break a shackle , take part of the bed railing with it . Ruby manage to pin the boy against the wall . the boy be still struggle , eye -wide , spittle drool out of he mouth . it 's a terrifying moment , but Ruby hold firm . ruby Jason , no ! the man who hurt you be Fred krueger . he 's the one who do this to you . the boy stop scream for a moment ... look at she with a look of disbelief and fear on he face . Ruby realize she might be get through to he . ruby krueger 's still out there . he 's kill innocent people ... just like he try to kill you . ( beat ) he 's the one you want . not we . not anyone else . the boy look uncertain , scared . Ruby can not help but feel sorry for this damage little boy . ruby ( quiet ) come here , Jason . I will take care of you . everything 's go to be all right . she hold out she arm ... and after a long moment , the boy drop the baton , tear well up in he eye . boy mommy ... he move into she arm hold on tight . she hug he , stroke he hair for a moment . ruby it 's okay , Jason ... it 's okay ... she hold he for a second , and then the boy slowly fade away until he 's go ... and Ruby be hold nothing . jason on the bed his eye open and he sit straight up on the bed in one quick motion . a tense moment as sena and Ruby wonder what he 's go to do next . Jason break the remain shackle one by one ... swing he leg off the bed ... stand up . he tower over sena and Ruby , who look at he in fear . Jason 's eye flicker from sena , then to Ruby . he stare at she with a neutral expression for a long moment . she return he gaze , stare up at the horribly scar face . finally , Jason turn away from she and walk out of he cell with a even , deliberate gait . sena and Ruby exchange a look . quick cut : -- Jason burst into the sheriff 's Office . deputy body all around . -- close on a desk with plastic evidence bag strewn across it . Jason 's hand grab one of the bag -- inside be the familiar _hockey mask . -- a emergency fire box with a fire extinguisher and a FIRE axe inside it . Jason 's arm smashes the glass and yank out the axe . ext . crystal lake sheriff' station - night the front door be kicked OPEN . Jason step out into the night . he 's wear the hockey mask and he 's get the axe in he hand . _ Jason be back . he stand there a moment , look around , then run off -- a hulk shadowy figure disappear into the night . angle - ruby and sena step into the doorway . sena where 's he go ? ruby I do not know ... but I think he 's piss . sena great . now there 's _two serial killer on the loose . ruby krueger 's the great danger right now . we have to stop he . ( beat ) _ springwood_ . that 's where he will go . that 's where he 's always go . but springwood 's not like Crystal Lake . there 's a couple hundred thousand people there . he could be anywhere . sera you say krueger kill teenager ... ruby that 's right . sena so , where would you go to find a lot of teenager ? CUT to : ext . shopping mall - night a modern , three - story complex with underground parking structure . a sign over the entrance read , " elm STREET shopping plaza . " widen to reveal the darken silhouette of freddy krueger stand outside . he click he finger blade in anticipation , then begin walk toward the entrance ... CUT to : int . crystal lake sheriff' station - night Ruby be open a rack of shotgun , choose a appropriate weapon for herself . she cock a shotgun and begin load shell into it . sena enter , he break arm now in a sling . he 's carry a medical case see earlier in the jail cell . sena ( be : shotgun ) you know how to use one of that ? ruby I use to go hunt with my father when I be a kid . sena think it will do any good ? Ruby stuff shell into she pocket . ruby krueger 's in the real world ... maybe he 's mortal , like we . sena and if he 's not ? ruby then we be all in a lot of trouble . Ruby come over to sena , put a .45 automatic pistol on the table next to he . ruby here . sena glance at it , then pull a vial of a liquid drug out of the case . he look at the label . ruby what 's that ? sena _ neurolar_ . it 's a stimulant -- it 's also a serotonin inhibitor . it suppress all electrical activity in the hippocampus ... the part of the brain that control dream . ruby so you think it might counteract krueger 's ability to make we hallucinate ? sena ten CC 's of this shit and you will not be dream about anything . ruby how long will the effect last ? sena about ten minute . ruby ( worried ) ten minute ... sena if I give you a bigger dose , it will give you a heart attack . Ruby take a deep breath . ruby then we would better make that ten minute count . she pick up she shotgun and sena pocket the vial and two syringe . as they head for the door ... CUT to : int . elm STREET mall - night a modern suburban shopping center , three stories tall with a indoor atrium and courtyard reach all the way to the ceiling . there 's a glass elevator ... a set of escalator ... a kiddie playland with jungle gym ... a large decorative water fountain with a deep pool at the base ... plenty of OPEN storefront . there be also a multi-screened cineplex on the third level , as well as a food court . the mall be bustling with lot of shopper and teenager . series of shot -- teenager of all age shopping , socialize , try on clothes , other just hang out . one couple have find a private corner and be neck . a group of teenage boy be rough-house with each other . a group of girl be eyeing the boy , obviously flirt with they . -- a couple of nerdy boy be stand in a swim wear shop , try to look casual as they eye the dress room , where curvaceous young girl be try on bikini - wear . -- a gaggle of pretty , teenage girl in a bathroom , primp in front of a large mirror -- put on make - up , teasing they hair , gossipe , etc . -- a group of three grunge - punk be on the third level , drop light cigarette butt onto the crowd below , snicker to themselves . this be the slightly older , tattooe and pierce body - part crowd . they be here to have fun at the expense of everyone else . angle in glass elevator a couple of adult shopper in the move elevator . it stop and the door open ... the group of three grunge - punk walk in . a girl and two guy . one of the boy have a leather vest with no shirt , expose arm and chest cover with tattoos -- a snake , skull , dagger , all sort of grotesque imagery . the other boy have various piercing -- nose , ear , eyebrow , tongue , etc . the girl be smoking heavily . one of the teens hit " p3 " and the elevator start move down to the parking level . shopper ( annoyed , be : cigarette ) do you mind ? punk girl oh. sorry . she take the cigarette out of she mouth and pretend to stub it out in a decorative flower pot in the corner , but as soon as the shopper turn he head away , the girl toss the burn cigarette into the man 's shopping bag . the other teens chuckle . at that moment , the door open , revealing freddy krueger on a lower parking level . the conversation in the elevator stop , everyone reacting to he bizarre appearance . the adult shopper exit , leave freddy alone with the youth . krueger look at they for a moment , then calmly step into the elevator , turn and look at the floor indicator just like any other passenger . the grunge - punk get over they initial shock and start snicker to each other . tattoo guy Nice sweater . laughter . krueger slowly turn around to face they . the punk quiet down a bit , but wait fearlessly to see what he will do . freddy Nice tattoo . he look at the tattoo guy 's chest . the tattoo guy look down , and be shocked to see that the snake tattoo come to life and slip underneath he skin . tattoo guy what the fuck ? he look up at freddy in surprise and pain . we can see the outline of the snake slithering under he skin tattoo guy ( in pain ) ) ah , Jesus ! suddenly all of the tattoos on he body begin to writhe and move . the tarantula skitter across he shoulder . the skull bleed from they eye socket . the dagger seem to slice he flesh . the youth scream in agony and drop to he knee . the other two punk look down in surprise . suddenly the pierce guy 's nose ring , earring , nipple ring , stud and other pierce ornament sprout barbed hook and large jagged blade which plunge themselves into he body and neck . the girl back up against the glass . she scream as the two male punk collapse in agony and blood . freddy smile . punk girl do not hurt I ... please ... she cough , smoke come out of she mouth . but she 's not smoking -- _ the smoke be pour out of she own lungs_ . she gasp for air , but every time she exhales more and more smoke come out , black and deadly . she collapse . freddy smile and tap the button label " mall level . " CUT to : int . mall - MAIN entrance - night a set of large plate glass window that look out onto the street level . a group of shopper head for the double door ... but as they approach , a series of large roll - up security gate come crash down , cut off the exit . quick cut : -- as all of the other security gate come crash down in front of the mall exit , trapping the people inside . -- people begin shaking the gate and yell . crowd ( various ) open up ... come on , let 's go ... what 's go on ... open the gate , etc . angle - third level freddy be now stand at a rail with a view of the entire mall . from he vantage , we can see that _there be no security gate in place_ . people be grab at nothing . freddy have induce another mass nightmare . he savor the moment . freddy time to shop till you drop . CUT to : int . underground parking structure - night as Ruby and sena pull into a parking spot . as they get out , Ruby drape a coat over she shotgun and sena stuff he pistol into he waistband . they run to the elevator , press a button . the button be dark , inactive . ruby it 's not work . let 's take the stair . they head off ... int . mall - MAIN entrance - night Security Guards have come to the Main entrance and be try to unlock the ( suppose ) security gate . a large crowd have gather , people want to get out . a guard struggle with the gate without success see something outside the glass door . a pair of headlight be come closer and closer at high speed . the Guard look a little worried , then realize that it 's a semi - truck , and it be not go to stop . guard ( yell ) look out ! he turn but the crowd be block he way . guard get out of the way ! go , go , go ! too late . the semi - truck crash through the plate glass window , smashing through the crowd . body go fly , glass shower across the mall . a horrific sight . new angle - pet shop two girl be stand at the pet shop window , look down at some puppy and eat freeze yogurt . they turn at the sound of scream . from they vantage , they have a perfect view of the main entrance . people be fall to the ground , scream in agony , some be throw through the air , other run away . but the door be intact and _there be no semi-truck_ . it 's another mass nightmare . the girl be puzzle . girl # 1 what be they do ? there 's a low growl . they turn to the pet shop window and see that the puppy have be replace by several snarling , growl rottweiler . the dog be poise to strike . girl # 2 Nice ... doggie ... the rottweiler crash through the window on top on the girl and begin tearing they apart . camera move off the girl ... pan to the two nerdy boy see earlier . they be stand outside the beachwear shop . directly behind they , flanking the storefront be two bald female manikin wear skimpy thong - type bikinis . the boy be reacting to the sight of the girl shriek in front of the pet store . camera move back to reveal what the boy see -- which be nothing more than the girl twist on the ground , scream . there be no dog and the window be intact . a pair of puppy be watch through the window , bark . camera pan back to the boy . boy chick be weird , man . the manikin stand behind they have _change position . they arm be outstretch and they finger inch from the boy 's neck . as the camera move away , we hear the Boy 's anguish cry of strangulation ... camera continue sweeping down the promenade . people be start to react in concern . there be a grow sense of panic spread through the mall . camera move past a series of mass nightmares in progress : -- a storefront with the name " happy tooth Dental Clinic . " Inside , we can hear the sound of drill and people scream in agony . the noise of ghastly dental mishap -- " kiddie playland . " Parents watch in terror as the jungle gym bar twist around they child like python , crush they to death . in a pit fill with multi - color plastic ball child be sucked beneath the surface , vanish from sight . -- follow two girl into the bathroom , where the girl see earlier be still put on make - up and preen . one vain girl be pop a pimple ... when suddenly a horde of white worm come slithering out of the pimple . she scream . another girl be put aerosol hair spray on she " mall - do " -- when the can spit out a jet of flame , charring her face and hair . new angle - bathroom door the girl who have be burn come run out , scream , frantically claw at she face and head -- but she look perfectly fine , no burn at all . camera move to a crowded escalator , which be go up . follow the teen couple who be neck . they be clutching onto to each other with worried look , not sure what 's go on around they . they reach the top of the escalator where there be a small sign read " watch you step . " they look down to see a pool of blood where the step disappear into the floor . they react . they try to step over the pool of blood , but be shocked to find that they _feet be stick to the metal step_ , as if glue there . boyfriend I can not move ! I can not move ! as they step reach the top , there feet be pulled directly down into the mechanism , shredd there ankle and legs . as they body be munched into the escalator ... int . mall - food court a group of shopper be gather around the rotisserie chicken restaurant . chicken on large skewer roasting over a flame pit . suddenly the flame blast out across the entire food court -- engulf table and diner in a hellish blaze . people scream as they be burn alive . new angle show people writhe on the ground , burn alive -- but _there be no flames_ . one of the burn victim work behind the counter at the chicken place fall over in agony , and as he do so knock over the rotisserie stand itself -- send burning grease and oil across the floor . _a real FIRE now break out_ . angle on ceiling as the automatic sprinkler system kick in ... close on circuit BOX a large power box which supplies electricity to the entire building . krueger 's hand come into frame and he blade slice the conduit , cut off power to the building in a shower of SPARKS . ext . elm STREET mall - STREET level - night Ruby and sena come run up to Main entrance and look through the plate glass window just as light and power inside the mall start go out . int . mall - night the sprinkler system shut off along with . the power . the FIRE continue to spread from the food Court to other shop . ( note : this fire will continue to build through the rest of the mall sequence . ) ext . elm STREET mall - STREET level - night Ruby and sena peer through the Main entrance . from - they viewpoint , it 's a bizarre sight . people be run , scream , collapse in pain . FIRE be spread through the mall . but none of the nightmare imagery be visible . ruby krueger 's here . she drop the jacket from she shotgun and chamber a round as sena pull out a syringe . he find a vein in he arm and inject himself . he then take Ruby 's arm and use the second syringe to inject she . she wince as the needle sink into she flesh . sena remember -- ten minute . Ruby grab the door , swing it open and they enter ... int . mall - MAIN entrance - night as they rush inside the now darken mall . sena everyone out ! get out ! the door be open , get out ! people start make a mad dash for the door , but some be still paralyze by the nightmare imagery . ( note : from this point on , the mall will be essentially desert unless specifically call for in the script . ) ruby where be he ? they start walk through the scene of madness . they have to step over body ... dodge run shopper in the throes of waking nightmare image . they enter the middle of the courtyard ... glance around . finally , Ruby see something . ruby's Pov stand on the third level surveying he handiwork be freddy . resume ruby she freeze , then quickly shoulder the shotgun and fire off a round -- the blast miss , hit a espresso stand next to freddy . hot coffee sprays all around , catch freddy full in the face . he yell out as the scalding coffee burn he . he disappear into the shadow . Ruby and sena run to the escalator and start make they way up it . at the top of the stair they have to step over several dead body -- victim of the escalator nightmare . new angle - third level as Ruby and sena reach the third level . they look through the dim light ... smoke be hang in the air from various fire . sena ( glance at watch ) we be down to seven minute . ruby let 's split up . you take the leave side , I will take the right . we will meet in front of the cineplex . they split off and walk along opposite side of the mall , the open-air courtyard separate the two of they . on ruby walk carefully past storefront , search ... on sena do the same . a eight - old girl stagger out of a toy store , scared out she wit . she stumble , fall to the ground , struggle against a unseen attacker . sena rush to she aid , glance up at the toy store . the display window be fill with porcelain doll , the emergency light give they a eerie appearance . the girl must think the doll be attack she . sena grab she by the shoulder . sena it 's not real ! _ it 's not real_ ! we see tiny bite mark appear on the girl 's arm and neck -- as though from doll - size tooth . the girl scream louder . sena set he pistol down , pull out a syringe and fill it with the rest of the dream-inhibitor drug . he grab the struggle girl and inject she with a small amount of the drug . after a moment , she settles down . she glance at the doll in the window , confuse . sena it 's all right , honey . they can not hurt you now . finger blade slash into the scene , rip into sena 's shoulder . the girl squeal and run off as sena collapse onto the ground . the syringe with the remain dream-inhibitor fall from he grasp and tumble off the edge and down two level . it fall into the decorative water fountain with a splash . sena try to scramble for he pistol , but freddy be stand on it . freddy nurse -- this man need attention ! sena's Pov happy tooth Dental Clinic . out walk a gorgeous , buxom nurse in a too-tight and too-short uniform . she step toward sena , unbuttone she top . she lean down toward he , open she shirt to reveal a healthy set of breast . sena be momentarily transfix by the sight , until he see that instead of nipple there be little mouth with razor - sharp teeth in they . the mouth snap ferociously , like piranhas . she grab the back of he head and pull he face toward the flash tooth . sena close he eye , shake he head ... and when he open they the nurse fade away , vanishing . the inhibitor be work . freddy frown in puzzlement . freddy I see I will have to do this myself . he grab sena by the hair to expose he throat , raise he finger blade to strike -- _blam_ ! a shotgun blast catch freddy in the shoulder , knock he off he foot . new angle revealing Ruby stand across the open courtyard against the rail , aim the shotgun . freddy have fall out of she view . sena and freddy be both on the floor . freddy look down in shock at he shoulder -- it have a gaping gunshot wound . ( note : freddy 's wound will _not_ heal itself -- he can be hurt now that he 's mortal . ) sera ( rag ) reality suck , do not it ? freddy leap to he foot . another shotgun blast hit the wall next to he . he run off down the mall , toward the cineplex . sena be badly hurt , lean against the rail . ruby ( call to sena ) be you all right ? sena for the moment ! you have only get about two minute leave ! hurry ! Ruby take off towards the cineplex ... int . cineplex - lobby - night Ruby enter the darken lobby , stop . no one in sight . freddy could be anywhere . she chamber a round into the shotgun ... begin to carefully walk around ... pass the concession stand , where a teenager for some reason be cramme inside the popcorn machine , he eye bulg , clearly dead . Ruby look behind the counter -- no freddy . she walk past the velvet rope that cordon off the theater themselves ... int . cineplex - hall of theaters Ruby walk into the long hallway . from this spot , we can see six door , three on either side . each door have a one - sheet poster next to it for the movie play inside . there be a couple of dead usher lie in the corridor . the red emergency lighting give the hall a sinister , nightmarish quality . Ruby proceed carefully .. kick open the door to the first theater , look inside ... inside the theater be a couple of dead moviegoer sit in they seat , no sign of freddy . Ruby keep move down the hall ... kick open the second door ... nothing . she glance down at she watch nervously , time be run out . she look up and be shocked to see -- _ jason_ be stand not five foot away from she ! she freeze , then relax . it 's just a life-size cardboard standee of Jason promote the latest movie : " _ Jason : 2010_ . " Jason be in a dramatic pose , with a futuristic weapon resembling a steel pipe raise high . this be a strange , robotic , terminator - like Jason with a steel hockey mask and glow electronic eye . it 's robo - Jason . Ruby take a breath , move past the standee to the third door ... she look inside -- empty . she come back into the hall , start to cross the hall to the other set of door ... then stop , freeze , turn around and look at the standee . the picture of robo-jason be _gone , leave only the background of the image . Ruby stare at this for a moment , then we hear the distant laughter of freddy . Ruby try to steady herself and locate the sound of the laughter ... ... then at the end of the hall she see robo - jason dress exactly as he be on the standee , hold the weapon . robo-jason tap a control in the weapon and a array of terrible blade and spike jut out of the pipe -- the ultimate chopping machine . he start walk toward she with that slow , deliberate walk , make more frightening by the whirr and click of he mechanize body . ruby this be not real ... she close she eye , try to shake off the image ... open she eye again . the image of robo-jason fade and waver for a moment , as if it 's go to disappear ... but then the image solidify . ruby oh shit ... it 's wear off ... robo-jason be come closer ... she 's cornere ... there 's no way out of this hallway . robo - Jason raise the blade weapon to strike . Ruby take aim and fire at the nightmare image . the shotgun blast seem to pass right through he chest , not fazing he . Ruby continue back up , terrify . ruby no ... freddy step out from behind a standee for a movie call " my favorite unicorn , " a treacly child 's classic . freddy ( to Ruby ) counselor ... I think you client 's unhappy with he representation . Ruby turn , try to level the shotgun at freddy but it 's too late . robo - Jason be on top she . he swing the weapon and she be barely able to deflect the blade with the barrel of the shotgun . she lose it in the process and the gun clatter to the floor . robo - Jason swing at she again , catch she in the knee with a blade . she go down , scramble away on she back until she hit a wall . robo - Jason continue to advance on she ... freddy watch with a smile on he face . his back be to the entrance to the hall which lead out to the lobby . freddy verdict 's in , bitch . you be guilty of fuck with the wrong guy . at this moment we see a shape creep up behind freddy . he sense it and whirl around to see -- the real jason have arrive . he 's hold the fire axe , and stop a few foot away . freddy smile . freddy well , well ... the little man in the mask be back for more . angle on ruby the nightmare image of robo-jason fade away . she sit up , watch the two man face off . jason and freddy Jason watch freddy for a moment , murderous rage in he eye behind the hockey mask . his fist clenches around the axe handle . freddy what 's wrong ? wait for mommy to tell you what to do ? ( beat ) I would like you to meet a friend of mine -- someone you be very familiar with . the nightmare image of robo - jason suddenly appear next to freddy . the real Jason hesitates , look at himself for a moment . then robo-jason attack . Real Jason swing the axe at the image of himself , and for a bizarre moment the two jason fight a vicious axe / futuristic weapon battle in the hall . clank weapon , spark fly -- real Jason collect a couple of wound along the way . Ruby watch . from she point of view , Jason be struggle against nothing . she look around , see the shotgun nearby . she crawl over to it . freddy 's attention be on Jason . she pick up the shotgun , point it at freddy and pull the trigger -- click . the gun be empty . freddy turn at the sound . he hold up the finger blade , move for Ruby . she take the shotgun , swing it like a club , hit freddy in the knee , take he down . as he fall , robo - Jason seem to falter and stumble in response . the real Jason plant the axe directly in robo-jason 's head , drop he to the ground , _dead_ . freddy roll off the carpet , and speed out into the lobby and disappear into the mall before Jason can get to he . Jason look over at Ruby . she 's hold she bloody leg in pain . they eye meet for a moment . Jason turn and run out into the mall ... int . mall - third level - night Jason step onto the darken promenade , look around . we hear freddy 's laughter . he turn . , freddy be stand at the far end of the mall across the open-air courtyard from Jason . he 's also on the third level , stand on the- oppose rail . at this distance , we can only see he silhouette against firelight . Jason 's eye harden and he start stride down the promenade towards freddy , utterly determine to destroy he . but he stop . line along the promenade be literally fifty body bag which be stand up and lean against the wall . some be behind Jason too , trapping he in the middle . freddy some old friend of yours would like to see you . the body bag start unzipping by themselves one by one . and the corpse of all of jason's victims step out onto the promenade . it 's a ghastly sight . some be badly decompose , other look freshly mutilate . among they we also see biller and Janet from the beginning of the movie , both with gape wound from when they be kill . the victim turn toward Jason and start converge on he with vengeful expression . freddy it 's a regular family reunion . Jason be momentarily freeze to the spot . he 's not sure what to do when confront with this specter from he past . biller be the first one to attack Jason -- he leap at Jason with he bare hand . Jason throws he off . then Janet 's on top of he . he slam she to the ground . then another victim ... and another . fifty of they swarm over Jason like ant ... Jason be almost smother by the crush of body . but Jason 's strength be unbelievable -- he keep press forward , hacking and fighting he way through the crowd of frenzied victim try to tear at he body . but the victim be take they toll . he throw victim through plate-glass window ... hack other to piece ... but they just keep come . the fight be destroy the mall in the process -- merchandise crash to the floor , window shatter , column of plaster crumble . Jason have make it halfway to freddy at this point , but it do not look like he will make it all the way . the crowd be press he back against the railing and toward the steep drop below . there 's no way out ... it 's a panicky moment ... Jason manage to raise he axe and swing it down hard and connect with the rail itself . the rail be split in two . the entire rail give way and Jason and the crowd of victim fall over the edge ! Jason 's hand grab a metal strut and he hold on as the victim plummet to the first level . body smash and pile up on the ground below . Jason hang there for a moment ... then be force to drop the axe and grab the edge of the promenade . he 's about to pull himself back up when suddenly finger blade move into view . he look up to see freddy lean down , finger blade point directly at he face . he scrape the blade along the hockey mask , toy with he . the tip of two blade stop inch Jason 's eyeball . with the tiniest flick of he wrist , freddy could put the blade into Jason 's eye . angle on ruby who have drag herself to the far railing , where she can see Jason and freddy down the promenade ... freddy and jason freddy poise to kill he long - lose victim . freddy I should have finish you off a long time ago . but then again ... maybe fate have bring we together . freddy lean in close , face - to- face with Jason keep the finger blade point at he eye . freddy you be my creation , Jason . all that you be you owe to I . ( beat ) we be stronger together than we be apart . join I . and this world will be ours . Jason 's eye never leave freddy 's . a long , tense beat ... then Jason 's eye widen at something he see : freddy have become jason's mother , still wear the finger blade aim at Jason . mother ( sweetly ) trust I , Jason . momma 's go to take care of you . everything 's go to be all right . she smile gently at he . Jason drop he eye slightly , as if consider ... then in a lightning move he take a hand off the ledge and grab freddy 's finger blade and stab they into he mother 's throat . new angle as freddy stand up , the blade bury deep in he neck , blood squirting from the deadly wound ... he claw desperately at the blade ... gurgle ... and stumble off down the promenade ... jason heave himself up over the railing and onto the third level . freddy be go . he glance around , then Jason crash he arm through the window of a sport goods shop , grab a baseball bat out of the hand of a manikin and begin look for freddy ... ruby watch Jason for a beat ... think .. get a idea ... look down to the first level ... her Pov : the syringe and the medicine bottle can be see float in the large water fountain . Ruby head off ... jason be walk along the promenade . suddenly he hear Ruby 's Voice come from inside , the Dental Clinic . ruby's voice Jason , help I ! Jason ! Jason rush inside the clinic . int . dental clinic the office be dark as Jason enter . he peer into a treatment room , where Ruby have now be strapped to a dental chair , hose in she mouth , and a dentist 's drill buzzing inch away from she face . Jason move to help she . the expression on Ruby 's face change ... she smirk at he in contempt , and when she speak , it 's in freddy 's voice . ruby ( freddy 's voice ) you be get soft in you old age . suddenly , Jason 's grab from behind ! freddy pounce on he , knock he against a wall . freddy have a small , portable gas cylinder -- on the side it say nitrous oxide . he aim the tank at Jason 's face , press a nozzle and a blast of gas come out . freddy sweet dream ! Jason struggle , but it 's a few second before he can get freddy off of he and knock aside the gas tank . ( the image of Ruby in the chair be now _gone . ) int . mall - third level - night Jason stumble out onto the promenade , try to hold onto consciousness , but it 's a lose battle . he take in too much gas . freddy , who 's bleed profusely and be die , stumble after he ... the FIRE have now consume most of the ground floor , and be spread to the second and third level , threaten . - to engulf the entire building . freddy chase Jason down the promenade . Jason 's step be get slower -- the effect of the gas take its toll . he 's second away from lose conscious . finally , freddy make a desperate lunge at he , catch he off guard . the two man tumble over the rail -- -- and through the AIR down , down into the water fountain , on the first level , with a tremendous splash . there 's a beat . the body of the two man float in the water for a moment ... then freddy lift he head and pull the form of Jason over to he . Jason 's eye be flutter ... he 's fall asleep . freddy once I be back in you dream ... I will be whole again . then you be mine ... Jason 's eye close . he 's _asleep_ . freddy take a hand and push it into jason's chest ( the same effect see before ) -- he's escaping back into the dreamworld . freddy manage to get he arm ... and then he shoulder into Jason 's chest . he smile -- victory be at hand . suddenly , a hand fly into frame from off camera and plunge a needle into Jason 's neck . it 's _ ruby_ . she inject Jason with the dream inhibitor . ruby time to face reality , krueger . suddenly , Jason 's eye fly open . he 's awake and freddy 's doorway between reality and the dreamworld have be _closed_ , trapping he in - between the two realities . the effect of this be startling : freddy 's arm , shoulder and part of he torso be half - in , half - out of jason's chest . the two men have be fuse together in a horrific image . freddy roar in pain and outrage . Ruby recoil at the sight as the creature that be now freddy / jason heave itself up out of the water with a superhuman effort , carry they out of the fountain and onto the floor . Jason and freddy continue to struggle and claw at each other like wild animal . but the flame in the mall be get higher ... support beam and material from the upper floor catch fire and crashing down below . Jason , in he agony , look over at Ruby and for a moment they eye meet . Jason speak , he voice low and hoarse . jason _ get out_ . this surprising statement bring Ruby back to the reality of she situation . she head off through the thicken smoke and flame , leave freddy / Jason struggle in the Hell - like cauldron of the burn mall . on sena who 's collapse near a stairwell , overcome by the smoke . Ruby , cough and struggle , pick he up in a fireman 's carry and head off . ext . elm STREET mall - night the mall be engulf in flame . Fire truck and police be everywhere , but the blaze be clearly out of control . ruby come staggering out of the mall with sena . she drop he to the pavement as two paramedics rush up to help he . we see that many of the shopper in the mall see earlier be be tend to by rescue team in the park parking lot in the b.g. Ruby try to catch she breath and look back up at the burn mall . int . mall - ground floor - wide shot the building be now completely fill with flame . on the ground floor , we see the writhe form of freddy / Jason . closer on freddy / jason Jason try to strangle the hideous form of freddy , who be slashing at he in fury . freddy let I go , you freak ! Jason stagger a few more foot , fall into the entrance of a store call camping world . he glance off to the side ... see a stack of propane tank , mean to fuel outdoor gas stove . he take he hand off freddy 's neck ... reach out for the tank ... freddy stab he finger blade again and again into Jason -- desperate to kill he . Jason get he hand around one of the tank ... bring it close . freddy 's eye widen as he realize what Jason 's about to do . freddy _ no_ ! with a quick move , Jason snap off the safety nozzle . the tank let out a jet stream of propane from the tank -- the tank and the adjacent tank of propane _explode . the flame rip through freddy / jason . the two men be _severed_ and blasted to shred . ext . elm STREET mall - night the mall be rocked by a titanic explosion . every window blow out ... people knock off they foot ... other diving for cover ... ruby cover she head from the blast , then cautiously look up at the mall . she stare at the awesome sight . include sena he sit up , regain conscious , cough and groggy . a paramedic try to put a mask on he face , but he push it away . he turn to Ruby . sena what happen ? where 's Jason ? ruby my client ... be dead . ( beat ) but I think he 's a free man . off she face as she stare at the flame building ... dissolve to : ext . jason be house - day the house be quiet ... a crisp spring day at Crystal Lake . a " condemn " sign hang on the front door . we hear a man' voice from o.s . man' voice okay , we be ready . everyone stand clear . wider revealing that the man be part of a wreck crew that be here to demolish the house . there be numerous construction worker with bulldozer and other heavy equipment nearby . someone start up a bulldozer ... dissolve to : int . mother' bedroom - day exactly as we see it last -- everything in its place . we can hear the SOUND of the. bulldozer get closer . camera move to the dresser and push in on the black and white photo of young Jason see earlier . but the picture seem to have change . instead of the look on the boy 's face be haunt ... he 's now _smiling_ with the carefree innocence of youth . the bulldozer blade crash through the wall and as the building collapse , we ... CUT to black . _ the end_