jaw 3 - D by michael kane and richard matheson revise first draft , 8/10/82 jaw 3 - D fade in : 1 a underwater wonderland 1 Crystal green . beautiful fish of all color and face swarm happily by . a spectacular undersea garden bloom like plant touch by springtime . a quick - silver surface of color mirror lush reef growth . 2 surrealistic creature 2 swim , creep , crawl , stalk , hide in they endless quest to survive . 3 fish 3 a beautiful aquarium of peace and tranquility . 4 terror 4 the fish suddenly explode in panic , darting in all different direction , swim instinctively for they threaten life . 5 grouper 5 300 pound . awesome and ugly , swim away as fast as it can go . 6 another angle - grouper 6 as we come closer on it . closer . it glance back , eye wide with fear of impending death . it reverse course , attacking camera , and the grouper get 7 torn in half 7 shredd by some unseen monster . there 's a violent thrashing SOUND and clouding of the ocean , then quiet again as chunks of tissue float in the bloody brine . 8 grouper' head 8 drift along , tear from its body . bug eye open wide in death . 9 camera 9 swoop around , move quickly again . on the surface , high above , something attract its attention . it go to investigate . 10 underwater shot of water skier 10 speed over the surface . 11 camera 11 let 's now refer to it as shark , even though we do not see it . it start after the skier . CUT to : 12 water skier 12 tanned , healthy , all - american boy and girl . they come shoot across the water in formation . 13 shark Pov 13 follow after they , curious as to what 's go on . 14 skier 14 start form a pyramid , climb up onto each other . one of the girl be kelly . she 's blonde and adorable and be climb onto tod 's broad shoulder . tod the space shuttle have land ! kelly hold still , damn it ! tod what be you do later ? kelly take my boyfriend to the airport . tod ( smile ) I think I be you boyfriend . 15 shark Pov 15 follow along , pique . 16 skier 16 the pyramid be form . the coach in one of the speed - boat speak through he bullhorn . coach look good , kid . Real good . that 's the way . keep it nice and tight . tod keep it nice and tight , Kelly . kelly ( giggle ) I do not talk that way . tod remember , skier stay up longer . kelly shut up , tod ! be serious ! tod I be serious . 17 shark Pov 17 as it follow the skier ' wake ... CUT to : 18 int . PRESS tent - arnold calvin 18 slick corporate vice president . Sea Kingdom be he baby . he point to a large scale model of the park as he talk to the crowd of press people and v.i.p.' . calvin two year in the make , at a cost of seven million dollar , we new under the Sea Kingdom be a exploration of earth 's inner space , capture the excitement and adventure of man beneath the sea . no other amusement park offer exhibit like ... ( point ) ... monster of the deep fun tunnel , with giant squid , manta ray , and moray eel . ( point ) we have add to the fantasy of lose underwater treasure ship for kiddie , sink in ... ( point ) ... a reproduction of incredible coral reef and cave where we have import thousand of rare beautiful tropical fish ... ( point ) and in this enclose exhibit be shark encounter , where move walkway take you safely through shark - infest water . a pretty woman reporter have a question . reporter what kind of shark , mister calvin ? calvin Doctor Allen be we Marine biologist and mammalogist , formerly in charge of the state 's Conservation Marine Laboratory . I think she can answer better than I . they all turn to 19 kathryn 19 Dark hair , mid-twenty . the brain match the beauty . she be far more comfortable in the company of she dolphin . kathryn domesticate shark , mostly . mako. tiger. nurse . Sand . reporter do not they attack each other ? kathryn contrary to popular belief , when shark be well feed , they will not hunt . calvin ( smile ) and we keep they well feed , so be kind what you say about we , or ... they all chuckle . except Kathryn . reporter you do not have a great White . kathryn no ... and I really do have to get back to my own mammal , so , if you will excuse I , please . calvin yes , of course . thank you for stop by , Doctor . Kathryn get out of there . reporter it seem what you have create here be a combination Art nouveau and Jules verne . calvin exactly . CUT to : 20 water skier 20 up in they pyramid formation . the coach give they praise through he bullhorn . coach great , gang . beautiful ! make I proud of you . 21 kelly 21 Fighting for she balance , she leg be wobbly . kelly watch it , I be gonna fall . I be gonna go ! tod Balance , Kelly . bal-lance ! jill no , Kelly . not now ! tod lean back ! kelly ahhhhh ! bill you fall , I will kill you . I swear I will drow you . kelly oh , god. I can not ... the coach do not know what 's go on . coach ( v.o. ) now tomorrow , there 's gonna be this great big banner that we break through here -- so now be not the time to fall , Kelly . that 's all Kelly need to hear . kelly ahh ... ahhh ... ohhhh ... skier no ! timber ! Kelly fall , send the entire pyramid pitching into the water . tod aw ... shit ! 22 shark Pov 22 up ahead , shadow thrashing through the water . the shark rise to see what 's go on . 23 skier in water 23 start reassembling as the speedboat idle , evinrude rumbling . the coach bark at they through the bullhorn . coach what the hell be that all about ? Kelly ! the skier grab hold of they line , look at Kelly . kelly ( guiltily ) sorry , guy . steve ... she do it again . coach concentrate out there ! we can not have mistake tomorrow ! they be about ready to go again . the boat start to pull away . 24 skier 24 in they start position . they come rising out of the water as 25 shark 25 come trail in they wake , just second behind . we see the tip of a giant triangular fin cut through the water , follow they . the fin be like a monstrous gray sail . up ahead , we see a giant set of 26 gate 26 start close , come down . 27 shark Pov 27 it swim under the close , heavy wire mesh gate . gonna be a tight squeeze . wham -thump there 's a shudder vibration as the gate hit on something big . the shark swim away as the gate clang . CUT to : 28 daisy and bobby dolphin 28 go through they " pace . " Kathryn be in the water with they . she blow a whistle and use hand signal , give affectionate reward . kathryn ( to dolphin ) what , Daisy ? what do you want ? tell I . the dolphin " talk " back to she . kathryn ( to other dolphin ) come here , Bobby . come on , give I a kiss . the dolphin give she ( and audience ) a big wet kiss . kathryn thank you . mike ( o.s ) want another one ? she turn to he and smile . kathryn sure do . ( to dolphin ) kiss I again , Bobby . 29 mike and kathryn 29 laugh . take each other in they arm . a soft , tender kiss , which the dolphin and penguin appreciate . michael brody be late twenty . Tan and fit . head engineer . kathryn well , not much longer to go . mike what be it , 97 day ? kathryn ( laugh ) till this open , not we wedding . mike hope I make it through both . kathryn ( kissing he ) you will . I will see to it . Mike point to the nervous , chitter dolphin . mike look , Kathryn . they be jealous . kathryn they be act very strange suddenly . mike pre-open jitter . kathryn I guess . Mike 's beeper go off . he sigh and speak into it . mike brody here . voice Mike , we be have a problem with the gate . CUT to : 30 int . control room 30 this be Mission Control underwater . all the inner working of Sea Kingdom be monitor down here . the two operator watch the dial and gauge and 20 tv screen . mike ( v.o. ) what kind of trouble ? operator it 's not close , Mike . mike ( v.o. ) that 's impossible . operator I know . but we show it 's not close . mike ( v.o. ) okay , okay ... we will get someone on it . CUT back to : 31 mike and kathryn 31 mike damn it . I can not understand ! ( to she ) I gotta go , hon . kathryn do not forget you have you brother . mike yeah . kathryn see you later . they kiss and Mike turn at a rumbling SOUND . 32 crane 32 come lumber towards the water 's edge . seat high on the boom with a camera be 33 philip hutton 33 a very refine , well - educate , aristocratic englishman , 30 . ike direct the crane and shelly drive . if you do not know better , you might suspect there 's something between the three of they . philip bring the crane over . come down . easy down . mike hey . Mike come over to they . mike hutton , how the hell do you get my crane ? philip calvin say it be all right . mike yeah , well I do not ! philip well , we be not go to hurt it , old boy . ( to Kathryn ) I say , love , be flipper ready to go ? kathryn go where ? philip on the telly . we be to film he for the evening news . kathryn nobody tell I . philip I just do . can you make they do trick ? kathryn they be not trick . they be behavior pattern . philip Fine . have they do some . kathryn I do not know . they be nervous and skittish right now . philip yes , be not we all . Kathryn turn in disgust , look at Michael . kathryn that macho pompous English -- mike do not let he get you . just continue you pattern and pretend he 's not around . kathryn my imagination be not that good . mike honey , I gotta go . kathryn okay , bye . another soft kiss . as Mike pass Philip , he slap the crane and call up to Philip who 's readying he camera . mike make sure you put this back . philip aww , can not I keep it ? Mike stare at he . take a angry beat . Philip still look into the lens . Mike leave . Philip call to Kathryn . philip okay now . have flipper flip or something . kathryn make this quick ! she turn to she dolphin . CUT to : 34 water skier 34 they be up in the pyramid once again , riding smooth . all but Kelly . kelly ahhh , ahhh ... tod now what ? kelly gotta sneeze . tod do not you dare . kelly can not help it ... ahh ... jill no , Kelly ! we be almost in ! kelly ahhhh ... 35 underwater - shark Pov 35 stay right below the skier . it start to rise . 36 ext . PRESS tent 36 the media munch on hor d'oeuvre and champagne . from they vantage point , calvin point out the skier for they . calvin in addition to the aerobatics that we skier be perform , they will be do the comedy ski show " the hatfield and mccoy , " choreograph by world - famous skier Janet Turner . CUT to : 37 skier 37 come onto shore now . the coach speak to they through the horn . coach beautiful . hold it , hold it ... Kelly 's hang on , eye tear , mouth ready to explode in a sneeze . coach get ready . here we go now ... make I proud of you . skier release . they let go of they rope and come out of the pyramid , glide in to shore as Kelly let out a huge sneeze and stumble onto shore . tod God bless you . 38 underwater - shark 38 swoop in close , then turn and head back out . no fun here . CUT to : 39 mike in zodiac boat 39 come speed up to a workboat deck . Mike do a hot dog 180 - degree spin through the water and ease up to the workboat where singer hold a crackle walkie- talkie . mike what happen ? singer I do not know . it 's off the track . mike give I the walkie . Singer do . Mike talk into it . mike overman ! overman' voice we get time and a half for this ? mike no , overman . overman' voice then we will be do in a minute . Singer lean into the walkie-talkie . singer let 's go , guy . I get a date tonight . overman' voice she have a friend ? mike yeah , but you do not . get to work . CUT to : 40 underwater - diver 40 overman and harris . they be arc-weld on the gate . the spark flash brilliantly through the water . they replace a pin , hammering it in place . CUT to : 41 mike in he boat 41 mike stay on top of it . singer right . CUT to : 42 kathryn popping out of water 42 she call to Philip , who hold he camera but be not filming the background . the dolphin dart about . kathryn it 's no use . they will not come into the lagoon . philip well then , can you have they jump to the camera over here ? kathryn wait a minute . this be not kangaroos , Mr. hutton . they be dolphin . philip I think they be clever . kathryn I can have they walk backwards . philip no , no . that will not do . kathryn I tell you , something 's upset they . philip well , I have to get this into the network . if you can not do it , you can not do it , that 's all . kathryn I be sorry . philip well , we will just try again , dear . keep work on it . maybe you will get it one of this year . ( to he man ) pack up , boy . flipper 's a flop . 43 kathryn 43 watch with scorn as the start the crane up and leave . Kathryn go into the water , a look of determination . 44 kathryn in water 44 stands to she knee , blowing a whistle and slapping the water hard . 45 bobby and daisy 45 look at she and respond in a cute but frustrating way . kathryn no ! that be wrong ! what be the matter with you ? again , she blow the whistle and slap the water three time as 46 mike pull up 46 in he Zodiac . mike ( smile ) you call , Doctor ? kathryn everything 's go wrong . I be have more trouble with Bobby than I ever have before . I can not get he to respond . mike how come ? kathryn I do not know . I can not understand it . something 's bother they . mike and what else be bother you ? kathryn ... hutton . he really piss I off . mike yeah , you really do not like he . kathryn I do not like what he do . mike it 's he work . kathryn he do not need the money . he inherite a fortune . he kill for kick . tv battle between non-predator fish and diver . the diver always win . mike okay , forget he now . I be go to pick up Sean . take a ride ? kathryn I can not leave now . we take Sean out ? mike sure . want to try that new italian place ? kathryn no , you do not need all that starch . you be get too fat . mike not enough loving . kathryn get out of here ! she playfully splashes water at he . he yell and head to shore . mike we will have sushi . she smile and shake she head . CUT to : 47 workboat deck 47 as overman and Harris pull themselves out of the water . they hand Singer the equipment and start get out of they tank . overman it 's Miller time ! harris you buy ? overman sure be . harris ( to Singer ) come with we ? overman 's buy . singer no , I will take the money instead . overman look around the deck . overman you see the three - quarter socket ? harris yeah . down there . overman shit . singer ... Way to go , guy . overman you two go ahead . I will meet you at Captain kidd 's . singer okay . Singer and Harris put the equipment into the boat as overman put he mask back on . 48 overman 48 dive back into the water . 49 underwater - overman 49 the diver enjoy this freedom ; not encumber with weight and tank , he swipe at pass fish as he descend into the deep . but suddenly , all the fish that be curiously inspect he turn and scatter . 50 another angle - overman 50 look about , apprehensive eye peer through he mask . he look again and continue diving . 51 shark Pov - overman 51 as we come moving in on he from behind . overman turn . his face freeze in a horrifying scream of terror . 52 overman 52 as a monstrous unseen force plow into he , and there be a vicious thrashing and explosion of water . CUT to : 53 727 on approach 53 it come in like a giant bird , flap down out , gear down . it land in we lap and continue past . 54 int . airport 54 arrive passenger sean brody move with the other . Sean be a junior in college . athletic , good look , he look around and see he brother rush up to he . mike ( o.s. ) Sean ! 55 mike and sean 55 a warm , macho , brotherly hugging and punch exchange . mike hey , what 's goin ' on , little brother ! sean damn ! you sonuvabitch ! look at you ! mike look great , do not I ? sean get a job for I ? mike yeah , we will find something for you . shovel shark shit or something . sean ( apprehensive ) shark ??? mike ( reassuringly ) in a restaurant . you sit there and they swim around you . sean ... I will go to McDonalds . 56 with they on the tram 56 mike how would you do in school ? sean great . I get one B , two C 's , and eight incomplete . mike hey , I be proud of you , kid . sean so be dad . he show Mike a 57 insert - polaroid photograph of sheriff brody 57 grimace as usual , he hair g.i. crewcut . sean ( v.o. ) take it this morning . mike ( v.o. ) he need a haircut . sean ( v.o. ) yeah , right . 58 mike and sean 58 mike how be he ? still fight crime ? sean last week he break up a major counterfeit ring . gang of kid be use slug in the pac-man game . mike ( laugh ) Big bust ! he confiscate they water pistol ? sean book they all at baskin- robbin . mike ( appreciate ) that 's dad ... Mike throw a arm around Sean and hug he . mike he teach we good , though , do not he , Sean ? we be lucky to grow up the way we do . sean who 's grow up ? mike gee , it 's good to see you ! sean I want to see Kathryn . mike just find you own . like dad say , there 's plenty of fish in the sea . they laugh . CUT to : 59 int . airport - kelly 59 move through the terminal , lick a ice cream cone , she see Mike and Sean and come run over . kelly Mike ! Mike and Sean stop . kelly give I a ride ? mike sure . kelly ' preciate it . Mike 's beeper give off a faint signal . mike ( harass ) what do they want now ...? he look around for a phone . mike Kelly , this be my brother Sean . do not let he get lose . Mike head for the phone in the b.g. as Sean and Kelly study each other , like what they see . kelly so , you just get here ? sean yeah , from Boston . kelly I be see this guy off . he fly in from Dallas . want to marry I . he 's okay , but texans be so possessive . sean massachussettan be not . kelly ' course they be also so rich . sean ... massachussettan be not . kelly how long you stay ? sean I do not know , it depend . kelly you like Florida ? Sean look at she , in she short and tank top . sean I have not see that much , but so far it look great . kelly ( suggestively ) well , wait till you see the rest . they smile at each other . 60 mike on phone 60 whatever he 's hearing be not good . 61 sean and kelly 61 the romance continue to build . kelly you gonna work at the Kingdom ? sean depend on big brother . kelly I be a water-skier . sean be you really ? kelly sure be . sean that 's too bad . I do not like water . I do not like be around in . I never go in it . kelly how come ? sean go back to when I be a kid . Mike 's okay , he 's get over he fear , but I have not . I can not even drink it . Mike come over in a hurry . mike come on , let 's go . sean something wrong ? mike you know overman ? kelly musclehead ? mike he 's miss . kelly hope with none of my girl friend . CUT to : 62 ext . airport - day 62 Mike and Sean and Kelly walk to the parking lot . mike Kelly , could you look after Sean for a while ? show he around for I ? kelly sure . no problem . mike thanks . sean yeah , thanks . the brother wink at each other . CUT to : 63 kathryn riding whale 63 she take it through a series of move , not notice Mike and Sean and Kelly pull up in the blazer . sean hi-yo-silver ! 64 kathryn 64 see they and leap off the whale . kathryn Sean ! she hop out of the tank and warmly embrace Sean . kathryn mmmm . it 's good to see you again . sean ( meaning Mike ) you really gonna marry this guy ? kathryn well , I can not wait for you forever . sean why not ? younger guy be in . mike okay , you two , have a good life without I . I gotta go . sean do not hurry back . Mike leave . Kelly turn to Kathryn . kelly Doctor Allen , you think I could ride the whale sometime ? kathryn sure , Kelly . kelly that would be great . I be a seal once , in another life , and whale be always my close friend . they look at she . uh-huh . CUT to : 65 ext . breakwater - later 65 Mike 's there with Harris and calvin . mike why do not you stay with he ? you never let a diver go down alone ! harris we be do , Mike . he leave a piece of equipment down there and go back for it . calvin and have not be see since . harris I wait for he . when he do not show , I go back . there 's no sign of he . his gear 's still on deck . I go in look for he . all I find be this . we see the miss three - quarter socket wrench . mike I do not understand . overman 's too good a diver to disappear . calvin have you check the bar ? the guy 's irresponsible ; he 's do this before . harris yes , Mr. calvin . we have call all over . nobody 's see he and he truck 's still here . calvin I want he find . he could be in the bar , he could be shack up . he could be out to sea mike I will need more man to look . calvin can not help you , Mike . do not have the manpower . mike we be go to have to cover the entire lagoon . calvin I know , but you be just go to have to find another way . so you better start . calvin leave . CUT to : 66 submarine at dock 66 a small two -seater , bob on the surface near the dolphin pen . Kathryn turn to RUTH , one of she assistant . kathryn I think they will come out now . RUTH they still seem nervous . kathryn I know . Mike turn to Kathryn . mike they be come with we ? kathryn we play hide and seek all the time . they find a lot of thing . Mike look at the tiny sub . mike ( skeptically ) where 's the rubber band ? kathryn look , Michael ... you do not have to come . mike I do not have a choice . she understand . kathryn well , let 's go then . they ease into the sub . mike how many coupon be this ride ? 67 int . sub 67 he squeeze into the front seat . she 's behind he . mike what do I do now ? kathryn take a deep breath and hold it . mike that 's cute , Kathryn . Real cute . kathryn ( smile ) just put you mask on . he insert he respirator while she start the engine . she put she mask on . kathryn Control , we be prepare to leave the dock now with the sub . CUT to : 68 int . control room 68 one of the controllers respond . controller Roger . we will keep a eye out for you . CUT to : 69 int . sub 69 Kathryn pull the canopy close . it shut with a bang . the sub start fill with water . 70 mike 70 watch through he mask as the water surround he . the claustrophobia set in . CUT to : 71 sub 71 ease away from the dock and start its journey , sink from view . 72 underwater - sub 72 drift down into the lagoon , spotlight on , scan the beautiful underwater garden . 73 camera - Pov 73 something be following it . 74 int . sub 74 Mike look very apprehensive , and Kathryn know it . he hold on tight . kathryn honey ... you all right ? mike no. kathryn be you scared ? mike yes . they settle into the water . suddenly , from no place 75 bobby and daisy dolphin 75 come swooping into it , they face at the sub 's window , scare the shit out of Mike . mike ( reacting ) damn it ! kathryn ( smile up ) hi , baby . mike baby goddamn scared I to death ! kathryn they just want to say hello . mike ( low , to himself ) ... friggin ' fish . he take a deep breath and hold on . mike let 's head to the gate and work we way back . kathryn that 's a lot of ground to cover . mike I know , I build it . I have just never see it this way . CUT to : 76 walrus exhibit 76 Sean and Kelly be peer into the tank . a big old , whiskery walrus shoot up , spitting water on they . the kid get a bath . 77 sean and kelly 77 dripping wet , laugh . so be the walrus . sean well , I need a cold shower . kelly come on ! check this out ! Kelly take Sean 's hand , and they skip away . CUT to : 78 ext . sub - series of shot 78 move through a underwater coral forest with a unlit glass tunnel extend through it . the dolphin follow . 79 sub - head - on 79 a slow - move fish , sneaking past the fake cave opening . the spotlight search , lighting the shade of pink , white , and lavender formation . 80 mike and kathryn 80 eye search as she turn the spotlight . kathryn it 's romantic down here . mike oh , yeah . very . kathryn you know , on we honeymoon , we should go scuba diving . mike let 's not talk about that now , okay ? 81 spanish galleon 81 wrecked in 1982 , it look like it 's be down here for century . mast break , cannon rusting , wood eat away . the sub circle it . 82 panning galleon 82 the sub come in low . nothing there , other than " priceless gold and treasure . " the sub move in close as 83 dolphins pop out 83 frighten both of they . kathryn now I be get paranoid ! CUT to : 84 int . control room 84 underwater , with enormous window overlook the lagoon . on one entire wall be a schematic show the electrical system of Sea Kingdom , light flicker on it . there be also bank of instrument panel and tv monitor screen . in the b.g. be a lock which connect the lagoon with the control room . a crew of man and a woman be work in the room . outside , the submarine appear . a man at one of the control panel throw a switch activate radio communication between the control room and the sub as a buzzer sound . woman any luck ? mike' voice not yet . woman we have not see anything either . not a sign of he . mike' voice let we know . CUT to : 85 stadium stand 85 Sean and Kelly sit in the top row now . they be the only one there . sean this be where to be . High and dry . kelly and alone . they kiss . CUT to : 86 int . sub 86 Kathryn work the control , but the sub start sinking ! mike ( apprehensive ) what 's wrong ? kathryn nothing . she 's flick all the switch . the sub hit the bottom hard . he watch she try the control again . mike ... if nothing 's wrong , why be we stop here ? kathryn ... Electrical connection malfunction . mike you sound like Houston Mission Control . what the hell do it mean ? kathryn that we swim . mike ( aghast ) swim where ? out there ? oh , no , forget it , not I ! you go , I be stay . kathryn Michael , the sub 's dead . mike yeah , and so will I be if I start swim in that blackass jungle . kathryn okay , stay . we will come back for you . she get ready to leave . mike where be you go ? kathryn up. mike and leave I down here ??? kathryn ( get impatient ) make up you mind . mike what mind ? if I have a mind , I would never have let you talk I into this . kathryn I talk you into this ? mike I would have fall in love with a pilot or a mountain climber . kathryn be you come ...? mike no , I do not want to leave now . I be have too good a time ... of course I be come ! you would think you be gonna leave I ? they start to evacuate . mike ( continue ) you would , would not you ? I would end up whale shit , you would not care . kathryn get you reserve bottle and let 's go . 87 ext . sub 87 Mike and Kathryn emerge and start swim but the 88 dolphins 88 wo not let they go into the direction they want . Bobby and Daisy keep bump they , refuse to let they go . Mike be get piss . he push Bobby ; Kathryn punch Mike . 89 kathryn 89 grab Mike and point in the direction they be head . 90 great white shark 90 ten foot of killer , come at they . 91 mike 91 utter fear , he eye terrify as he stare at the shark . 92 flash CUT - jaw I 92 Young Michael brody be yank from the water a instant before the great White can eat he up . 93 mike , kathryn and dolphins 93 Mike gape at the o.s. shark as Kathryn grab onto Daisy 's fin and pull she to Mike . she gesture for he to take the fin . he do not respond , look at the shark . 94 the white 94 come closer , a chill monster . 95 mike , kathryn and dolphins 95 Kathryn grab Mike 's hand and forcibly put it on Daisy 's dorsal fin , tap Daisy . the dolphin and Mike be go in a flash . look at the shark , Kathryn feel for Bobby 's fin , tap he head . as quickly as Mike go , she be go from view . 96 race for safety sequence 96 Shots alternate between the dolphin , they speed reduce by the weight of pull Mike and Kathryn , and the great White in pursuit of they , get closer and closer . 97 ext . dolphin pen gate 97 the dolphin carry Mike and Kathryn through the narrow open . the instant they be inside , the great White hurtle into frame and bang against the gate side , too big to get through . 98 mike and kathryn surface 98 scramble for dear life out of the water , roll onto the dock . they lie there , gasp , chest heaving . Mike slide over to Kathryn . kathryn you all right ? mike I think so . I be not sure ... be you ? kathryn I be okay . he hold she close . she 's tremble . kathryn Michael ... mike it 's all right , baby . we be safe ... 99 daisy and bobby dolphin 99 break the surface , chat away . Mike and Kathryn look at they and smile . mike thanks , guy . the dolphin almost answer " that 's okay , but watch it next time . " Mike help Kathryn to she foot , and they walk away , arm around each other . kathryn how the hell do it get in here ? mike God , they be horrible . I hate they . do you see its eye ? how black they be ? the look in they ? kathryn do not think about it . it 's over . mike it 's never over ... here come another six year of bad dream . 100 dolphins 100 watch they walk away , then dive back into the water . CUT to : 101 underwater 101 the shark be look for something to eat . find it . gulp . CUT to : 102 ext . florida festival tent - sunset 102 calvin 's call a emergency meeting . Mike , Kathryn , Philip . calvin 's eat he dinner through scene . ike and shelly stand in b.g . there 's a heat discussion . calvin what you be say be we have a great White shark in the lagoon . mike and a miss man . philip unhappy combination . most likely one 's inside the other . kathryn shark be man-biter , mister hutton . not man-eater -- philip ( cut she off ) that 's a load of codswopple . a great White do not fear man . it do not fear beast . it 's a orgy of food and blood . kathryn I think we can capture it . I would like to try . philip that 's preposterous ! calvin go on , Doctor . kathryn no one 's ever catch a great White except indirectly in fishing net . I want to dart it and keep it alive . calvin it would make a marvelous attraction ; the only great White in captivity . kathryn ( confidently ) I can get it . philip you can get kill ! kathryn I have handle shark before . bigger than this one . philip calvin , let I go down there and kill the bastard . kathryn no ! philip ( continue to calvin ) it will chop up half a million dollar of you tropical fish in two minute . kathryn calvin , I insist I be allow to capture it ! philip Three hundred million year of evolution have create the great butcher the world 's ever know . kathryn it 's one of the world 's great creature . philip a shark could have a hundred embryos in its sack . you know how many be bear ? maybe five . they eat each other before birth ! they be bear killer ! kathryn the only great White in captivity , calvin . all that people stand in line ... calvin all right , Kathryn . go ahead and get it . kathryn I will . philip well , then I be go to film it . kathryn like hell ! philip ( to calvin ) make a lovely item for " good Morning , America " calvin absolutely . good idea . kathryn ( to calvin ) with that camera light and ... calvin ( interrupt ) he 's go with you , Doctor . kathryn no , it will be too much distraction . I do not want that many people in the water . I will go in , give it a belly shot , and get out . calvin and Philip will be there to film it . now that 's the end of it ! Kathryn bite she lip , realize . she turn to calvin . kathryn I want that shark alive . philip so do I , love . calvin well , you would better get start ! he walk away . Kathryn stare at Philip , who smile and move off with he man . Mike come up to Kathryn . mike you be go down there again ? kathryn yes . mike after what happen to we ? kathryn I know I can capture it . mike Kathryn , you be crazy . really crazy . a suicidal maniac . CUT to : 103 ext . lagoon 103 the workboat come through the darken fog . it 's very moody . back light , all that stuff . 104 on workboat 104 RUTH and brian be prepare a large syringe . RUTH twelve cc 's brian that should do it . 105 over to philip and shelly 105 prepare they camera . philip we will shoot this with a .18 , boy . shelly that bugger move fast . philip give I a 400 - foot magazine ; we may be down there for a while . shelly ( smile ) I would not mind go down with she . philip she be a lovely bit of crumpet at that . 106 over to mike 106 weld some kind of object . ike come up to he . ike 's in he diving suit . ike be not you suite up , mate ? mike no. ike well , do not worry about you fiancee . we will watch over she . mike she can take care of herself . she do not need you . ike never know down there . help to have a friend , sometimes . mike how many shark have you kill ? ike I ? I do not know . twenty , thirty . I love they , think they be the great . he walk away . Mike look out at the water , stare at it . 107 flash - from jaw I 107 Young Mike brody see the lifeguard take by the shark . 108 back to mike 108 he come out of it in a gasp sweat . kathryn ( v.o. ) well , how do I look ? he turn . mike what ? 109 kathryn 109 wear a iron chain link suit over she diving suit . she have a light - heart nervousness . kathryn do you like it ? she model it for he . mike oh , yeah . really nice . who 's you designer ? sassoon shark ? kathryn I get it on sale . ( touch link ) a real steel . mike here . kathryn what 's that ? mike bracelet . it 's what he 's be welding . forearm protector which he place on she . kathryn Fine piece of engineering . mike should protect you a little , from the compression . if that thing get ahold of you . kathryn thank you . she kiss he . he take she in he arm . mike Kathryn ... kathryn yes ? he look at she . want to tell she to take that damn suit off . to get off this boat and forget the fuck shark . to go home with he , to bed . mike ... I love you . she smile . kathryn Love you too . Mike nod and take he beeper . mike okay , hit it . CUT to : 110 int . control room 110 the team of operator be at the instrument panel , all the monitor screen be on . they flick some switch . mike ( v.o. ) let we know as soon as you have anything . operator right , Mike . CUT to : 111 lagoon 111 like a flower of sunshine unfold , light pop on from beneath the water , illuminate the lagoon . CUT to : 112 workboat 112 Mike and Kathryn watch the light come on . mike would not this whole thing be a little safer in the daytime ? kathryn it 's easier to lure shark at night . mike why ? ' Cause they be hungrier ? philip ( v.o. ) they be always hungry . they eat anything . Philip enter . he 's wear a bright orange diving suit . philip ( continue ; touch she suit ) ... even steel . Mike look again at she protective suit . she look at Philip . kathryn you look like a orange worm . philip shark bait . draw they over for closeup . kathryn what in hell be that ? she point to a hand grenade strapped on he waist , right by he large knife . philip lunch for whitey . something to munch on in case thing get dicey . kathryn we be take that shark alive ! philip let 's hope he know that . kathryn I know it and I will not go down into this lagoon as long as you carry that ! philip why ? kathryn because I do not trust you , that 's why . mike you set that thing off down there , you do not know what will happen . philip precisely . kathryn I insist you get rid of that bomb . philip afraid I can not do that . kathryn you be suppose to film it , not turn it to hash ! philip look , Doctor , this be not one of you pet porpoise we be after . it 's a torpedo of muscle . murderous expertise ! I have see bleed shark try to eat themselves ! do not be so concerned about they . worry about yourself . he turn to go . mike hutton ! he stop . turn . mike you hear the lady . take it off . tense pause . Philip stare at Mike . at Kathryn . then he hand move to the grenade . he unclip it , hold it in he hand , and fling it to mike who catch it . Philip walk away , smirk . Mike make a move after he , but Kathryn stop he . CUT to : 113 int . control room 113 one of the Operators see something on a screen . he focus in on it . 114 tv screen 114 it 's the shark . operator we see he , Mike . between the stadium and the ski show island . mike ( v.o. ) all right , hit that light too . CUT to : 115 more light 115 start pop on . CUT to : 116 workboat 116 Mike turn to Kathryn . tighten she tank strap . she hold a large spear gun . mike Change you mind ? kathryn no . mike you amaze I . I be more scared than you . kathryn no , you be not . Mike pull she face mask down and " kiss " she over it . she go over the side . CUT to : 117 philip and ike 117 in they tank and mask , ready to go . Mike come over to Philip . give he back the grenade . mike here . do not let anything happen to she . Philip smile and nod , clip the grenade to he waist and dive , take we 118 underwater 118 Kathryn and Philip and ike all start kick down . CUT to : 119 mike on workboat 119 watch the bubbles break the surface . he turn to shelly . mike this be ridiculous . we should blow the mother 's head off . shelly could not agree more . CUT to : 120 underwater 120 as the three kick downward . Philip and ike prepare to film . Kathryn notice Philip check he power - head and react sharply . he notice and give she a mock salute , make she angrier yet . turn , she start toward the circle shark . 121 the shark sequence 121 intercutting between Kathryn , Philip and ike and , on the deck of the workboat , Mike and shelly . Kathryn move toward the shark until it start to circle she , Philip and ike beginning to film . her expert maneuver be not lose on Philip , and he watch with interest -- Mike , on the boat deck , watch what he can with apprehension -- as Kathryn slowly lure the shark toward she . suddenly , it dart in at she and she jab the spear at it ( into the audience ) , cause it to veer away . Kathryn seem surprised by this . the shark begin to circle she again , camera panning with she as she keep a eye on it . Philip and ike keep filming , Mike keep watch tensely on the deck as Kathryn position herself , hold the spear extend , move it back and forth . abruptly , the shark dart in , move so precipitously that it go all the way to Kathryn . she duck and the shark 's jaw clamp shut on she air tank . Philip react to this and start forward to help she as the shark begin to shake she violently from side to side . letting go of the spear , she try to hit the shark in the eye but have no success . Philip show up , and she wave he off . he cannot believe she reaction but do not draw he powerhead , only hit the shark on the head with the camera . this make it let go of Kathryn 's tank and back off fast . Philip shove it aside as it pass he , draw he powerhead just to be safe . the shark do not attack he though , but retreat . Philip look at Kathryn . she be shake up , but the chain - mail suit have protect she from injury . she wave he back irritably . shake he head either at she or she stupidity , he back off to ike , keep a wary eye on the shark as Kathryn kick up to the surface to get another spear . on deck , Mike try to speak to she as she grab the spear , but she be under again before he can say a word . Kathryn grimly set herself again . see this , Philip cast he eye heavenward , as though think , " dear God , the woman 's suicidal . " she jab the spear toward the still linger shark . finally , after make a few nervous pass , it go for she . this time , she be able to shoot the sedating spearhead into its stomach , then kick up toward the surface as fast as she can , the shark start after she . 122 surface 122 as she break through . kathryn Michael ! Mike and shelly rush there , reach down , and grab she hand to haul she up . as they do , the shark come after she . they yank she over the railing a instant before it lunge out of the water and almost bite she foot off , jaw slamm shut in close shot as it miss , its body crash back into the water . Kathryn look at Mike , she face decidedly pale . she attempt to smile . kathryn ( meekly ) ... I tell you I would get it . the shark belly up . mike I can use a shot of what he 's get . kathryn ... I , too . her leg go watery , and she lean against the railing . Mike embrace she . CUT to : 123 int . tank room - up angle on ceiling 123 the roof have be open , and the shark be be lower into the room on the litter . camera downpan with it to reveal Brian and Ruth prepare to get the shark into the tank , Philip , shelly , and ike filming it . 124 mike and kathryn 124 he be drying she off with a large towel , rub she down good . she be cold and shiver . mike after this have open , when everything 's settle down , you and I be go away . just the two of we . no dolphin , no shark , no whale , no penguin . just you and I . kathryn sound wonderful . mike we will go to Palm Springs , death Valley , Arizona desert , anyplace where there 's no water . she kiss he and turn at a familiar SOUND . 125 dolphins 125 in a adjoin tank , curiously watch the shark be lower . the dolphin chatter away . Kathryn tell they : kathryn ( v.o. ) do not be afraid , it 's okay now . the dolphin do not believe she . they dive for safety . 126 back to mike and kathryn 126 smiling . she shrug off the towel as Brian call she . brian we be ready for you . kathryn I have to walk he till the drug wear off . mike you want I to stay ? kathryn ( kissing ) get some sleep . and tell Sean I be sorry . mike ( remember ) Sean , that 's right ... Mike turn to leave , accidentally crossing in front of Philip 's shot . philip watch it , brody . you be ruin the shot . mike kind of dull in there for you , be not it ? why do not you throw in another shark ? he walk out . Kathryn hurry into the tank with Brian and Ruth . they unfasten the shark from the litter and start to walk it . the litter be raise back up . RUTH he 's a young one . kathryn and big for he age . they walk on . CUT to : 127 grassy knoll 127 Sean and Kelly be lie on the ground make out as Mike 's voice come over the park p.a. system . mike ( v.o. ) Sean . Sean , where be you ? kelly someone 's look for you . sean that 's Mike . let he look . he kiss she some more . mike ( v.o. ) Sean ? you there ? Kelly get to she foot , pull Sean up too . kelly come on , it 's get late , and I have a early call . they walk off , arm around each other . CUT to : 128 int . tank room - later 128 Ruth sleep on a floor mat . Kathryn and Brian be still walk the shark . both look very tired . kathryn why do not you take a rest , Brian ? brian I be only walk he . you catch he . you have to be exhaust . kathryn go on , you be tired . brian no , I be fine , thanks . they stop talk , keep walk . philip come in , wear he jogging suit . philip how 's sleep beauty ? kathryn still sleep . philip kiss he , maybe he will turn into a frog . kathryn ( smile ) should be come out of it soon . philip just watch it when he do . Philip lower himself into the water and move to Brian . tap he on the shoulder . philip May I cut in ? Brian look over at Kathryn , who 's about to say no , then nod it 's okay . brian he 's all yours . Philip take he place alongside the shark . he smile at Kathryn . philip could be a new dance ... walk the shark . kathryn ( smile back ) thanks for help . philip not at all . kathryn why be you ? philip I like it when they wake up . kathryn so do I . but for different reason . philip and I like you . they keep walk it . philip you be quite dare in capture he . very skillful indeed . kathryn skillful ? I miss my first shot . philip some miss all they shot . kathryn somebody could have get hurt . philip that 's what life be , Doctor . full of chance to hurt yourself , or somebody else . kathryn you be a strange man , Mr. hutton . philip Philip . kathryn before , you be ready to feed this shark a hand grenade . now you be help to nurse it back to life . philip that 's because I be the shark . kathryn we be all from the sea , Mr. hutton . we destiny be link to the fate of the ocean . by continue to destroy fish , man destroy himself . philip the grenade 's just to intimidate whitey . he know I have it , so he watch out . same be true when I film lion , tiger , rhino ... she study he smile . kathryn I think that you and I be natural enemy . philip and here I think I be charming you . the shark quiver , show sign of waking . philip hello . I think he nap 's over . kathryn get ready to go . philip believe I , I be . kathryn ( call ) Brian , he 's come around ! they walk it a little more and 129 the shark awaken 129 come instantly back to life with a explosive recovery . Kathryn and Philip leap aside to get out of there , but the shark slam Kathryn against the side of the tank , knock the breath out of she . 130 philip intervene 130 so do Brian , who come jump into the tank . Philip use he foot to keep the shark away from Kathryn , but they both almost get crushed by the body . Philip flip she out of the tank as the shark come lung around at he . 131 another angle - philip 131 get out of there just in time , as the shark just miss chomping he evacuate ass . Brian 's out of there safe . 132 kathryn and philip 132 look down as the shark swim in rapid circle . philip well , Doctor . you have get you shark . kathryn thanks to you . there 's a near moment of tender contact between they . Philip smile and nod at she and leave , do he best Bobby darin . philip ( sing " mack the knife " ) oh when the shark bite , with he tooth , dear , scarlet billow start to spread ... she watch he with a intrigue smile . CUT to : 133 int . bedroom - night 133 Kathryn come quietly in . start undress in the dark . Mike softly speak to she from the bed . mike all well in the Kingdom of the Sea ? she smile and sit on the bed . kathryn finally . mike how 's you patient ? kathryn recovering nicely . mike I , too . she fall into he arm , and they kiss . kathryn mmmm ... you smell good . mike ( smile ) you do not . kathryn it 's my new perfume . great White , the man-eater . she nibble he ear , neck . he pull she down to he , they kiss passionately . CUT to : 134 lagoon - night 134 all be still and quiet . a noise be hear from beneath the water . a faint almost roar , and the water be shake by a giant form that send a wave roll to the camera . then , whatever it be turn and return to the deep . the surface of the water rock and tremble . CUT to : 135 shark attack 135 they be in a feed frenzy . they rip , tear , chew on tuna , each other . anything in the water . philip ( o.s. ) playful bastard , would not you say ? 136 revealing 136 Philip and ike and shelly watch the footage on a moviola screen . they drink beer and watch . ike bring back such pleasant memory . philip be a rather enjoyable afternoon , be not it ? shelly you want to show this ? philip absolutely . the audience will stain they drawer . ( smile ) I do . he walk for the door . open it . 137 philip 137 stands outside he exhibit booth , take in the start of a new day . there 's photo and sign : philip hutton present killer of the deep . there 's book and T - shirt and toy too . ike join he outside . ike gonna be a beautiful day . philip and a profitable one . they smile at each other . philip come on , I will buy you breakfast . CUT to : 138 open day shot 138 as final last - minute preparation be make . A. mini-buses be wash and decorate . B. Sea show in final rehearsal . c. the skier get dress . D . the mini-sub be work on at the dock . E. food truck deliver . f. the usher and usherette , look good . G. diver reach the lagoon . H. Control room underwater -- all be ready for lift - off . i. maintenance crew wash , scrubbing , polish . 139 two diver 139 come up . they shake they head " nothing . " they dive again . CUT to : 140 int . tank - dolphins 140 activate one of the symbol control again and again . 141 int . control room 141 Mike and bob talk . bob we have be look all night , Mike . I do not think he 's out there . if he drown , I think he go down on the bay side of the gate and the current pull he out . it be pretty strong when the man be work there . mike do you look in the intake passage ? bob you can not even get in there , the income flow be so strong . it would wash the body out anyway . mike well , I do not know . maybe he be not down there . keep check with everyone who know he . I will be at my office . he leave . CUT to : 142 entrance to shark encounter tunnel 142 Mike 's walk as Kathryn come from the other side . kathryn Mike ! he turn and she skip up to he . kathryn ( continue ) they say you would be here . mike what 's up ? kathryn I need more pressure in the shark tank . mike okay . kathryn I want to make sure the White be get enough flow . would you do that for I ? mike sure . let 's go . she stop he . kathryn no , we will go through here . mike ... mean through the tube ? kathryn yes . it 's faster . mike no , I be not go through there . kathryn Michael , come on , do not be silly . this be the quick way . you be not go to walk all the way around ? mike I be not go to walk through that shark arcade . kathryn they be not go to hurt you . they be encase in plastic . mike I do not want to see they , Kathryn . kathryn Michael , I do not have time . please ! it 's time you deal with this and get over it . now come on ! she take he hand and lead he into the tunnel . 143 shark tunnel 143 Mike be very apprehensive as the shark encroach upon they from all angle . he can not look at they . kathryn calvin want I to move the White for tomorrow . mike ... he ought to put he in here . kathryn it 's too soon to move he . mike so tell calvin . kathryn I do . he want it on exhibit . mike well , that 's why you get it . they walk on a bit , then Mike lean against the tunnel wall , eye close . kathryn Mike ... you okay ? he 's take deep breath . he 's very pale and perspire . mike it 's back ... she go to he . kathryn what 's back ? he 's fight some inner demon , and lose . the shark come swim by he . he stare they in the eye . there seem to be thousand of they . kathryn honey , what be it ? mike hydrophobia ... kathryn Michael , take deep breath . mike I have to get out of here . kathryn come on . mike I can not take water , Kathryn . kathryn yes , you can . mike I can not ! my dad have it , and I do not know if you can inherit it or what , but I get it , and I hate it . I can not stand it ! he run out of there , run for he life , leave she behind . she watch he go . 144 move from they through the window 144 out into the water . a shark . we move in on its black eye , till the eye fill the screen . SHOCK CUT to : 145 ext . lagoon - day - close on cannon muzzle 145 the same size as the eye in the previous shot , roaring as the cannon be fire . camera pull back to reveal the cannon on the deck of a motorize pirate vessel which be carry on its deck a gather of politician , press representative , tv newsmen , and celebrity . it sail across the lagoon , flag whipping in the wind , cannon thundering . camera pan up and we see the word the new sea kingdom welcomes you move across the sky , tow by a single - engine plane . 146 crowd arriving 146 the great american Tourist invasion . they come in cut - off and sandal , kodak and sunglass . they come in every size , shape , and color getup . Old and young , they charge . p.a. voice welcome to Sea Kingdom , and the excitement and discovery of earth 's inner space . for the whale and dolphin show , please stay to the right . the underwater tunnel be straight ahead ... 147 three mermaid 147 very pretty in they fishtail suit . they answer the tourist ' question . CUT to : 148 down shot of sea kingdom 148 as we come float over the park . 149 philip 149 dangle out of the hot AIR balloon , filming . ike be the pilot . ike hardly like the falkland . Philip call over the bullhorn to the gape tourist below : philip if you will all squeeze a bit closer , everybody , you can see yourself tonight on the evening news . 150 fat woman tourist 150 a 200 - pounder in short , hat , and sunglass squeeze into the shot . she look up , smile and wave at the hot air balloon . she shove in closer , lose she balance , and fall into the lagoon . 151 philip 151 watch woman splash about . philip well , seem a new whale show have be add . they laugh . CUT to : 152 little girl crying 152 she 's scared of the perform walrus . her mother comfort she . CUT to : 153 sign - fill the screen 153 " welcome to sea kingdom " 154 water skier 154 come bursting through the sign like John madden in the lite beer commercial . the skier be in they pyramid formation . 155 kelly 155 as usual , be fight for balance . teeter on the edge , she let out a desperate warning cry . kelly I be gonna fall , I be gonna fall ! skier no , Kelly ! Jesus , you can not ! kelly ahh --- ohhh ---- tod back , Kelly . lean back ! kelly ohhhhh shhhhiiiit . there she go . no , she do not . yes , she do . nope , still up there . hang on , kel . 156 crowd 156 applaud the skier as they come zoom by in formation . 157 skier 157 make they sweeping turn and head in to shore . they come neatly out of the pyramid . 158 kelly 158 make a graceful 3 - point landing , glide onto the dock . she explode in joy , all bubbly and happy , thrilled at she accomplishment . kelly I do it , I do it ! she leap on tod , hugging he exuberantly . skier Way to go , Kelly ! you be great ! kelly I know I could do it ! they all slap palm and give high - fives and hug . Kelly be the center of the adulation . CUT to : 159 monster of the deep fun tunnel 159 everyone enjoy the scary walk . we see the giant squid tentacles reach over the glass . kid scream . now it seem as if one tentacle have actually broken through , but it 's only a illusion . a eel fly out of a cave and charge . CUT to : 160 three teenage girl 160 scream , yell , giggle as they react to the ravenous " monster . " the girl be linda , becky , and ali . they love it . 161 tourist 161 move happily along . they eat , take picture , push stroller . everybody 's have fun . CUT to : 162 daisy and bobby 162 do they act for the laugh , clap crowd . Kathryn look pleased . CUT to : 163 control room underwater 163 all the gauge and dial and monitor register . 164 operator 164 look at one flash gauge . he call he partner over . they look a bit concerned as they check it . CUT to : 165 kathryn running through the crowd 165 she force she way through that in line to see the live " great White shark . " kathryn Excuse I , sorry . let I through , please . I have to get through ! CUT to : 166 int . exhibit 166 Brian and Ruth be walk the shark . the exhibit be packed with tourist , gape down , watch . 167 kathryn 167 burst through onto the floor , kick she shoe off on the run . she jump into the tank . kathryn when do this happen ? RUTH ten minute ago . brian it have not adjust . kathryn get the hose ! we have get to force more water through the gill and oxygenate he ! Brian scamper out of the tank for the hose . kathryn I know it ; it 's my fault . we move it too soon . RUTH do not blame yourself . kathryn I should have never listen to calvin . they walk the shark . RUTH Kathryn ... kathryn ... goddamn it . the shark be dead . it float over , belly up . kathryn take a painful moment , look at the shark . RUTH no one 's ever do it before . it be a good try ... kathryn not good enough . RUTH we get it to live for ten hour . that 's some kind of record . she turn from the shark and look up at all the 168 tourist 168 gaping down , take picture , grumble . tourist Big deal . let 's get we money back . little girl look , mommy , the shark 's dead . mom yes , dear . come on . they start to leave with the other . some still stare and wait . 169 kathryn 169 the disappointment and disgust be evident . Brian put a comforting arm around she . brian do not feel bad . kathryn ( resign ) okay ... have they get it out of the tank . she climb out of the tank . CUT to : 170 sea lion show 170 the audience laugh . CUT to : 171 killer whale show 171 it leap and dive , have as good a time as the tourist . CUT to : 172 shot of park 172 the tourist go from one show to the next . CUT to : 173 backstage ski show 173 Mike and Sean stand to the side as the girl hurry past they , change costume . sean Mike , this be fantastic . I mean , you be responsible for building all this . what a job you have do ! maybe I will quit school and come down here and work with you . brody Brothers construction . we have always want to do that together . Boat building . mike it 's not that easy . worked construction every summer to get through school . Three year apprentice in the park 's engineering department , and two year to build all this . finish school first , Sean . then make up you mind . if you still want to work with I , we will have plenty of time . sean you and Kathryn gonna stay here ? mike this company 's expand . they get park in Texas , Ohio , California . I think I be gonna be go to waco . sean well , dad ask I to ask you this , about the wedding . be there any chance you and Kathryn will get marry in amity ? mike tell dad we be get marry in Las Vegas . in one of that chapel . he can meet we there . sean ( laugh ) yeah , he will really go for that . mike it 's all up to Kathryn . amity 's fine with I if it 's fine with she . kelly ( v.o. ) Sean ! Sean look over as he hear he name call . Kelly 's run over to they . mike she still talk to you ? sean we be in love . mike sure . sean no , really . I have never meet anyone like she before . this be it . mike yeah , right . that 's what you say about Janet , and Beth , and Barbara -- sean puppy love . this time it 's real ! we can have a double wedding . Kelly be upon they . she 's in she warm - up suit and look adorable . Sean greet she with a hug and a kiss . sean you be great out there ! kelly do you see I ?! be not I terrific ? sean as always . they kiss again . Kelly see Mike . kelly hi , Mike . mike how you do , Kelly ? kelly ( sniffle ) I be Neo - senephren out . think I be catch a cold . mike better than catch Sean 's herpes . a astound glare . kelly herpes ? sean why you sonuvabitch ... mike ( leave ) see you tonight . Mike smirk away as Kelly grab Sean . kelly Sean , do you have herpes ? sean no . of course not . do not listen to he . he 's - he 's ... ( laugh ) ... my brother . they kiss . kelly I be not in the next show . what do you want to do ? he look at she and grin . kelly besides that . sean I do not know , what else be there ? kelly ( excitedly ) I know ! we can take the gondola ride ! sean the one that go underwater ? kelly yes , it 's great ! sean no , Kelly , I do not want to ... kelly come on , it 's fun ! sean not for I . I do not go in the water , remember ? kelly you be not in the water . you be in a gondola . sean no , think of something else . kelly Sean , this be ridiculous . you be act very immature . sean I be not act ! I do not want to go in it , okay ? she 's drag he by the hand . kelly well , I do ! time you get over this wet dream . nothing 's gonna hurt you . now c'mon , we be go on it ! he very reluctantly go with she . CUT to : 174 int . tunnel 174 kid and adult laugh and jump at the creature from the deep . 175 our three teenage girl 175 Linda , Becky , and Ali ask the attendant at the entrance . ali be this one scary ? attendant no . this one 's fun . you will like it . becky oh , good . because the last one really scared we . they head into the tunnel . CUT to : 176 int . control room 176 the woman Controller see something on one of the monitor . woman do you see that ? man what ? woman on monitor three . be a glimpse of something . man that ? woman yes , there be go . man it 's disappear . they wait and watch . woman I will have the guard look . she pick up the phone . CUT to : 177 attendant at tunnel 177 he 's on the phone to Control . attendant I will go check on it . he hang up and start down the tunnel . CUT to : 178 our three teenage girl 178 have a good time as a giant , mad -ey squid appear with all its tentacles reach . becky wow , look at that ! linda yeah . remind I of my date last night . ali hey , look at that thing over there . what 's that suppose to be ? they press to the glass for a closer look . we see some kind of form , float . becky I do not know . some kind of crab ? ali it look like a man . linda it be ! 179 the form 179 roll over as the girl scream in horror . we see it be overman what 's leave of he . CUT to : 180 davey jone locker 180 Mike sit at the bar , on a stool . he 's have a few , and it show . there 's a good crowd in the restaurant . 181 philip , ike , and shelly enter 181 move for a spot . Philip spot Mike . philip see you later , mate . Philip move over to Mike . 182 mike and philip at bar 182 Philip put a arm around Mike . philip you friend overman pick a hell of a time to come back . mike yeah , poor bastard . philip I lose a good cameraman in Australia last year . a great White chop he in half with one bite . mike hey , I do not want to hear . philip that 's how they do it , you know . seize its prey and shake its body savagely . teeth gnaw through a man like a buzz see . mike buzz off . philip I will , old boy , tomorrow . we work be do here . just come to say goodbye , and good luck . mike yeah ? well , in that case , have a drink . philip thanks . ( to girl bartender ) bullshot . mike so where you go off to , hutton ? some expedition in New guinea or Outer Mongolia ? philip no , South Georgia . mike what the hell 's there ? philip polar bear . mike polar bear in Georgia ??? philip South Georgia , Antarctica . mike oh ... philip the world 's southern most reach . mike how come you be so brave with all this stuff ? philip tradition . Royal sense of adventure that 's be in my family for century . date back to the crusade and King Richard . what I be bear to do . mike yeah , tradition 's a bitch , be not it ? philip reach for the limit I always say . mike I will remember that , my lordship . 183 kathryn enter 183 she take a beat , look around , and move quickly to the bar . kathryn Michael . they both look at she as she come up to they . kathryn Michael , look at this . she show we what 's in she hand . a very big sharp tooth Mike look at it . mike put it under you pillow and sleep on it and the tooth fairy will -- kathryn it 's a shark 's tooth ! mike so ? kathryn it be remove from Charlie overman 's body . philip May I ? he take the tooth . one look and he know . philip ... the bigger to eat you with . he and Kathryn exchange a understanding that Mike do not . mike ( confuse ) what 's the big deal ? a shark get overman , and we get the shark . kathryn that 's just it , Michael . we do not ! mike what do you mean , we do not ? kathryn this tooth be from another shark . a shark that could be 30 foot long ! mike thirty foot ??? philip actually , thirty - five be probably more accurate . mike that 's impossible . if it 's that big , why have not anybody see it ? huh ? tell I that . it 's like not see the goodyear blimp in a swim pool . kathryn that 's what I have come to ask you . be there any large place that have a strong current of water flow ? mike I do not understand . his beeper start signal . he ignore it . kathryn shark have to keep move . they can never stop or they will suffocate . if water be not always flow through they , they will die . philip be there such a place ? a cave or something with such a flow ? mike I do not know ... I can not think offhand of one . he reach for he signal beeper . mike yeah , what be it ? 184 int . control room 184 the woman Controller be watch one of the rise gauge . woman Mike , we get a heat build - up in filter system number four . we be run high temperature . CUT to : 185 mike at bar 185 mike switch to intake three and keep it there . woman ( v.o. ) right , Mike . 186 underwater intake tunnel 186 moving - camera pan across the gate . the bubbles stop . through the grate , we see the gray form begin to move . CUT to : 187 int . bar 187 mike what do you just say before ? about water flow through they ? kathryn that 's why they be always move . they have to have it . mike ( to Philip ) you want to know about a cave ? philip filter system number four . be it large enough ? mike ( solemnly ) it 's large enough ... CUT to : 188 int . viewing tunnel - people 188 a dark cloud pass overhead , cover they in shadow . we see the underside of a massive white shark . CUT to : 189 int . bar - mike , kathryn , and philip 189 philip how far away be filter number four ? mike five hundred yard . philip you have a man near it ? kathryn somebody better get down there ! mike it 's all control from the Control room . philip I have hear of a White that big , in Australia ... kathryn how would it get in here ?! mike slump on he stool , head in he hand , half - bag , mumble low . mike oh , no ... not again . a thirty - five - foot fuckin ' shark ... goddamn ... what 's wrong with my family ? first my father ... now I ... mike see something reflected in he glass . he lean forward , curiously , watch whatever it be grow larger and larger . mike what the hell ... he turn and sees 190 jaw ! 190 in all it 's full , awesome , horrifying form . mouth open , it try to eat the view glass , then turn . its body thunder against the window , shaking it as people scream and panic for the door . kathryn ( v.o. ) oh , my God ! 191 kathryn and philip 191 can not believe it themselves . they stare in awe . philip he 's big as a bloody bus ! kathryn the water ski show ! we have to get they out ! mike come on ! kathryn you two go ! I will call calvin ! CUT to : 192 ext . restaurant 192 Mike and Philip come jump into Mike 's golf cart . mike watch it ! out of the way ! the tourist look at they . who be this rude man ? mike come through , please ! Philip be stand and scream . philip move you bloody ass ! Mike try to drive through - around the crowd . they yell back at he . Mike grab he beeper and call in . mike this be brody , get the skier out of the water ! we get a shark loose ! a great White ! CUT to : 193 the shark 193 sweep past one of the tunnel . people run in fear . total panic . CUT to : 194 water skier 194 they be do " the hatfield and mccoy . " the skier be in mountaineer costume , and the music be loud bluegrass as the skier do they twist and turn . CUT to : 195 ski show audience 195 stomp and clap and cheer for they side . audience hatfield ! audience mccoy ! CUT to : 196 kathryn on phone 196 she 's finally get calvin . kathryn yes , calvin , yes ! it 's the biggest shark I have ever see . a female . I think the other one be hers . you have to get the skier out . CUT to : 197 shark Pov 197 up ahead , the skier ' wake . the shark rise . CUT to : 198 mike and philip 198 now there be so many tourist in front of they , the cart be useless . they jump out of it and run for the ski show stadium . that in they way get knock aside . tourist hey , where the hell you go ?! why do n'tcha watch it ?! asshole . CUT to : 199 ext . lagoon - dorsal fin 199 slice through the water , camera draw around , revealing that the shark be head for the light stadium , the roar of the crowd . 200 shot of the ski show 200 the audience applaud . 201 moving point of view shot - what the shark sees 201 headed toward the stadium . 202 mike and philip 202 come run in , in back of the stadium . they hurry to where the other skier wait backstage . philip look toward the lagoon , see something . philip oh , Christ . 203 what he sees - the fin 203 head toward the skier . 204 mike and philip 204 keep run , point , and yell . mike shark ! shark ! but he warning be drown out by the participate audience catch up in the show . audience hatfield ! mccoy ! Mike grab one of the show 's manager . mike get they in ! there 's a shark out there ! manager you be kid , be not you ? mike get they out of the water ! manager Jesus ... he run off , while Mike sprint for the master of ceremony . CUT to : 205 water skier 205 do they twist , turn . 206 skier - tod 206 do a fancy turnabout . skiing backwards , he look aghast as he spot something in the water come after they . tod Holy shit ! he complete he turn -around and skis on , look back over he shoulder . one of the girl skier notice he look . girl hey , what would you lose ? tod huh ... nothing ... just do not fall . just do not fall ! he glance back again . the fin follow , then dive beneath the surface . CUT to : 207 ski show - master of ceremonies 207 the m.c. be give the audience a run play - by-play commentary as Mike come burst upon he , grab the microphone . the m.c. keep push Mike back . m.c . what be you do ? I be do a show . give I that . mike ( into microphone ) all skier in ! there 's a shark out there ! get out of the water ! there 's a shark ! 208 audience 208 almost in unison , everybody in the entire stadium rise to they foot , look . CUT to : 209 water skier 209 have hear Mike 's announcement , they be all look about with great concern . 210 skier 210 do a jump , come off a ramp . airborne , he glance down in disbelief as he fly over the monstrous form swim beneath he . skier Holy shit ! he land and keep go . 211 skier 211 as the boat come roaring in at top speed . the skier make they slide breakaway and clamber up onto the pad and safety . 212 mike and philip 212 be amongst that help they out . the skier collapse thankfully . skier God , that be close ! 213 girl skier 213 all out of breath , look out at the lagoon . girl skier I do not see it . where be it ? CUT to : 214 shark Pov - underwater 214 a grinding -splashing noise have its attention . it head in that direction . CUT to : 215 calvin arrive 215 run up and respond to 216 shark fin 216 speed to one of the gondola car as it glide along the water . calvin good God ! CUT to : 217 gondola car 217 one rise up from the water as the next one descend . CUT to : 218 int . gondola car 218 Sean and Kelly sit hold hand . kelly be not this fun ! sean ( low , sarcastic ) can hardly wait to do it again . she laugh and kiss he . kelly told you you would like it . sean ( apprehensively ) now what 's this do ? kelly go up . Sean look out at the water and see 219 the fin 219 knife through the water . sean ( aghast ) no ... it can not be . kelly what , hon ? unable to speak , he can only point at the rapidly approach dorsal fin . kelly oh , my God ! CUT to : 220 shark Pov 220 the splash gondola car . CUT to : 221 sean and kelly 221 White - knuckle as the car start to rise up . sean let 's go , let 's go ! kelly it 's okay , Sean . sean take it up . kelly he 's diving ! 222 the fin 222 disappear . 223 the gondola 223 slowly rise . now ten foot above the water . kelly ( big sigh ) we make it . it can not get we . Sean still stare through the glass bottom at the water . sean take it up ! kelly sean ! Kelly have reason to scream , for 224 the shark 224 come bursting out of the water at they . sean no ! 225 shark 225 lunge high into the air , giant jaw open wide , row of tooth bare . it clamp down on the rise gondola . SHOCK CUT to : 226 sean and kelly 226 as they look into the jaw of death . Kelly scream . CUT back to : 227 shark and gondola 227 as the car come crash back into the water , be tear apart by the giant . Kelly 's scream be still hear . dissolve to : 228 ambulance scream 228 it 's siren cry out as the ambulance race through the street , light flash . CUT to : 229 ambulance driver and he Pov 229 he 's do seventy and weaving in and out of traffic , barely avoid head - on and blind - side by inch . CUT to : 230 int . hospital corridor 230 mike pace the hallway , nervously , outside a room . 231 nurse 231 come out room door . Mike go up to she . mike can I see he now ? nurse he 's very sedate . you can not talk to he . mike I just want to see he . nurse only for a minute . Mike nod appreciatively and enter . CUT to : 232 int . room - sean 232 lies in bed with tube stick out of he . Mike stand look at he still brother . 233 kathryn 233 enter . come up to Mike , take he hand . Mike look at she . mike ... Kelly ? Kathryn barely shake she head " no . " Mike show he pain . kathryn how be he ? mike couple of fracture , laceration . they say he 's gonna be all right . kathryn ... I have to go , honey . Phillip and I be go down together to kill the shark . mike ... okay . she kiss he cheek and leave . Mike just keep look at he brother . dissolve to : 234 int . PRESS tent - later 34 Kathryn , calvin , Philip , and staff exec seat around the table - top model of the Kingdom . philip we can assume he 's back in the water intake passage . kathryn she , mister hutton . philip he. she. let 's blow the bitch up ! calvin you can not do that . we be talk million of dollar of filter system . philip we be talk a bloody dinosaur 's down there ! calvin you be not go to blow that equipment away . philip well , what else do you propose ? mike ( v.o. ) we net it ... they all look to see 235 mike 235 come through the door , join they . mike ( continue ) after all , that 's how you catch fish , be not it ? philip you could also try a bamboo pole and a worm . calvin what 's you plan , brody ? mike it 's easy . put a net on the derrick . put the net in the water by the intake passage . turn off the intake passage . shark come out into the net and be haul up . philip a piece of pie on Sunday . kathryn the net would have to be secure by the intake passage . mike that 's right . kathryn who 's go to do it ? mike me. kathryn Michael , you be not go down there . mike I be . you be not . kathryn but you -- mike ( cut she off ) it 's a construction job . I be the only one that can do it . philip I will go with you . mike no way . philip I will stay out of you way . I will not interfere . mike I be sure you will not . but you be go to have to wait till we come up . then you can film all you want . he start for the door as Kathryn grab he . kathryn Michael , you do not have to go down there . mike I want that shark , Kathryn . kathryn you do not have to prove anything . mike only to myself . she watch as he leave . CUT to : 236 derrick 236 a giant heavy - duty crane sit beside the shore . it be strongly reinforce by support cable . nothing could budge this baby . 237 giant net 237 be fastened to the derrick beam and guide over to the water 's edge by worker . 238 mike 238 in diving suit , oversee the operation . he move about , hand signal the crane operator to lower the net . 239 net 239 come crash into the lagoon , submerging to the deep . 240 mike 240 be with Bob , ready to go in . he hold Kathryn . kathryn be careful . mike smile at she and repeat she own word . mike do not worry . I have handle shark before . a quick kiss and he go into the water . Kathryn watch . 241 underwater 241 Mike and Bob dive to the 242 tunnel entrance 242 Mike stop there , and Bob continue to the bottom . 243 close on mike 243 look into tunnel . pull back to include ominous tail of shark . it wipe frame . 244 mike 244 signal for they to send down the equipment . 245 shore 245 Men lower the gear to the diver below . 246 underwater angle 246 as the gear come down . 247 bob with jack hammer 247 driving in anchor pin . pull back and up to 248 mike 248 weld hook eye to tunnel mouth . 249 reverse angle 249 Mike be intense and worried as he weld . angle down , the shark 's tail be swish , more agitate . 250 bob 250 glance up toward the shark , concerned about the jack hammer noise . he suddenly startle by something touch he . 251 reverse - it's mike 251 he 's finish with the welding and motion for they to get the net assembly . 252 camera move past they 252 the shark be stirring . 253 wide angle 253 Mike and Bob move the assembly toward the tunnel mouth . 254 closer angle 254 they reach the tunnel mouth . 255 close on hand 255 attach a cinch ring hook . 256 mike and bob 256 they maneuver about the mouth , from hook to hook . 257 angle past restless tail 257 to Bob swim down to attach anchor pin to net . 258 wide angle 258 Mike join bob. 259 close on shive 259 be attach . 260 job be finished 260 Mike signal return to surface . 261 mike and bob 261 quickly get the hell out of there . 262 surface 262 Mike break through , follow by Bob . they pull they - selve up onto shore . clasp hand tightly . machismo . mike Way to go , Bob . Way to go ! 263 kathryn 263 hurries over to Mike . she 's greatly concerned . kathryn be you okay ? mike ( smile ) I be fine . they hug . 264 philip 264 it 's he turn now . he grab ike . philip let 's go . they start into the water . Mike come over to Philip . mike ( warning ) he 's big , hutton . you never see anything so big . watch yourself . philip always do . they submerge into the water . 265 mike 265 grab walkie-talkie . mike okay , turn they on . 266 control room 266 as the lagoon light start to be turn on . we see they come on outside the window . 267 full shot - lagoon 267 as the light come on , section by section . 268 philip and ike 268 reacting as the light go on . immediately , Philip switch on he head lantern and begin to check the camera . ike look uneasily toward the tunnel entrance . 269 tunnel entrance 269 the net across it , cable raise from each anchor pin . the shark can not be see inside the tunnel . 270 philip and ike 270 Philip flathands ike on the shoulder , startling he . he point to ike 's light , and ike nod jerkily , turn they on , turn on he head lantern . Philip gesture for they to get closer to the center of the net . ike hesitates . again , Philip hit he on the shoulder , gesture impatiently . 271 mike 271 on the walkie-talkie . mike turn off the water . 272 control room 272 as they begin to turn off the water enter the tunnel . 273 shot 273 as the water current slow down in the tunnel . the shark begin to stir . the principal on shore wait , look toward the lagoon . 274 philip and ike 274 Philip gesture for they to get closer yet to the center of the net . ike hold back . Philip gesture angrily , and ike have to go along but be most unhappy about it . 275 shot 275 the water current get weaker and weaker . the shark begin to move . Philip want to be closer yet . ike hold back , and Philip grab he arm , pull he . ike look toward the tunnel with mount dread . 276 reverse angle 276 Philip grab ike , pull he closer . 277 shark 277 slowly start backing out . Philip stay close , photo - graph . ike drift back . 278 control room 278 the Operator watch the monitor closely . operator shark 's back out . 279 mike 279 turn to he crew . speak into the walkie-talkie . mike it 's come out . get ready . 280 underwater - philip 280 stays right on top of it as the shark continue to back out . Philip look over he shoulder and see ike take off , terrify . 281 control room 281 the shark 's three - quarter out now . ike be leave frame . 282 philip 282 obsess , he continue to film , despite incredible risk . the shark slowly , ominously back up , back up ... 283 shark 283 be now out of the tunnel . Philip keep filming . 284 shark 284 suddenly swing around , its incredible , massive head now turn to Philip and camera . it be jaw ! 285 philip 285 stun , backpedal frantically as the 286 shark 286 thrashes forward into the net . 287 philip 287 mesmerized . unable to stop , Philip bring camera up to resume filming . 288 close on pin 288 they begin pop out . 289 shark 289 come head on , smash into the net . 290 control room 290 the Operator see this chaos in the monitor and report . operator the pin be go ! 291 mike 291 act at once , speak into the walkie-talkie . mike pull up the rear net line ! 292 ext . crane cab 292 the operator respond , pull the lever hard . 293 full shot - net float 293 be hoist out of the water . 294 mike 294 give a new order . mike too much , ease off , ease off ! 295 rear of shark in net 295 the mighty tail be tear back and forth . between the excessive pull - up and the thrashing tail , the strain on the anchor pin be too much . 296 close on pin 296 violently be pull out by a unseen force . 297 control room 297 operator the tail 's knock out the bottom line ! 298 mike 298 mike ( to crane Operator ) take up the cinch line on tunnel mouth ! 299 philip 299 refuse to yield . he 's still in from of the shark , filming . the shark 's enraged . 300 anchor pin 300 start pop out in rapid order . 301 philip 301 realize and start retreate . 302 mike 302 mike harder on the cinch line ! 303 crane operator 303 crane operator it 's full bore now ! 304 shark - head - on 304 its assault on the net be more frenzied than ever . it plow into it . the seam start to go ! 305 side angle - crane 305 the derrick start to topple , brace cable snap , the rear wheel start to lift . Mike and everybody look around in SHOCK . 306 crane arm 306 come toppling toward camera . 307 mike 307 see and warn bob. look out ! they leap into the water , barely avoid the fall crane . 308 underwater - mike close 308 no mouthpiece , no mask up . he 's gag for air . 309 mike 309 his foot and leg tangle in net and cinch line . 310 close on tangled leg / foot 310 311 another angle 311 Mike struggle to free himself . 312 shark 312 with tremendous thrust , the shark split the seam of the net , come right at we . its vast jaw fill the screen . 313 angle on philip 313 panic-stricken , total shock , he try to escape . 314 philip swimming 314 the shark right behind . it want Philip bad . 315 ike 315 look down in horror as he see the shark eat philip 316 front angle 316 as Philip be scoop into the massive mouth . 317 angle on mouth 317 Philip 's airline be hook over a shark 's tooth as 318 philip 318 slide into the shark 's throat whole . 319 philip inside shark 319 panic as air be replace by water , as he continue further into the shark . he be still alive , in one piece , at the edge of insanity . then he remember the 320 grenade 320 his hand grope frantically for it . 321 new angle 321 Philip , arm extend with grenade , fight to free he pin arm to pull the grenade pin . 322 philip 322 his mask now fill with water , struggle , bug -ey , as he breath give out . 323 angle on grenade 323 in Philip 's hand . a dead man 's grasp on the grenade as the mouth of the shark close into blackness . 324 ike 324 surface near platform , camera move in as 325 bob 325 surface unexpectedly in f.g. , startling ike. 326 underwater - angle on mike 326 he find air . 327 closer on mike 327 he clear mask , put in he respirator , look ... 328 mike' Pov 328 through mask as water clear , the shark come around the tunnel toward Mike . 329 shark 329 head for Mike . 330 on the platform - bob 330 climb out , exclaim : bob Mike 's catch in the net line ! 331 angle past shark 331 close fast on Mike , still trap . 332 close on kathryn 332 with Bob in b.g. kathryn ( to roustabouts ) pull the cinch line in ! hurry ! 333 mike 333 suddenly yank upside - down and out of the tangle flipper . as the shark , on its kill run , lunge where Mike have be moment before . 334 mike 334 be bump hard by the pass shark . 335 mike 335 swim down as the shark , overhead , turn . 336 surface 336 flipper , empty , be pull from water . camera move in on Kathryn , grief-strick . 337 mike 337 perplex , look for way out . begins to swim down . 338 mike' Pov 338 the cave . we move toward it . 339 mike 339 look over he shoulder at the pursue shark . it 's gain fast . Mike 's kick as fast as he can . 340 mike' Pov 340 the shark , close in once again . 341 mike 341 swim frantically , the cave seem so close yet so far . 342 shark 342 alarmingly close , mouth open for the kill . 343 angle on mike 343 at mouth of cave , desperately reach for the lip . he swing into the cave ... and out of the shark 's path as 344 the huge beast 344 immediately surge past , crash into the cave 's entrance . 345 mike 345 react to the close call . 346 massive tail 346 whip past , collide with cave overhang , cause the overhang to fracture from the heavy blow . 347 close on mike 347 his face reflect concern as light change and there be a 348 cave -in 348 we see that Mike be block by fall debris . 349 kathryn - on shore 349 grab Bob as he be help from the water . shelly pull ashore a traumatize ike . 350 kathryn and bob 350 kathryn where 's Michael ? what 's happen to he ? Bob shake he head mutely . bob ... I do not know . the shark get he . Kathryn grab a walkie-talkie . kathryn can you see Michael ? 351 control room 351 man look at the monitor screen for the fun tunnel area . man we be not sure . kathryn ( v.o. ) look ! camera move in fast on the screen to show the cave entrance . 352 angle on cave entrance - mike 352 try to pull loose some of the fall concrete to get out , look for the shark . the concrete piece be too heavy . 353 kathryn and bob 353 kathryn well ?! operator ( v.o. ) we think he 's trap inside a cave beside the glass tunnel . the shark break up the entrance . kathryn where be the shark ? operator ( v.o. ) near the bay gate . Kathryn hesitates , then run out of frame , Bob and the other watch she go in surprise . 354 shot 354 Kathryn run desperately toward she compound . Mike try , in vain , to get out of the cave . 355 shark compound dock - kathryn 355 running to the sub , untying it , jump in , pull the canopy shut , and turn on the engine . as the sub move into the lagoon , she put on the scuba mask . 356 bobby and daisy 356 see she leave , they begin to butt frantically at the still - unrepaire gate open of they pen . 357 sub 357 move through the lagoon . 358 sub - kathryn 358 look around uneasily as she drive the sub . 359 what she sees - the lagoon 359 o.s. , we hear the SOUND of the sub . no sign of the shark . 360 mike 360 trapped in the cave . he hear the o.s. SOUND of the sub and look out , try to see . 361 the sub 361 emerging from the water , come straight at camera . 362 int . sub - kathryn 362 camera draw around to show the cave ahead . she look around again for the shark . 363 full shot - the sub 363 come up to the cave . Kathryn start to push the sub front against the fall concrete . 364 mike 364 push to one side to avoid the concrete piece the sub be push in . 365 full shot - the sub 365 push at the concrete piece . 366 kathryn 366 Inside the sub , concentrate on the cave . suddenly , a dark form flash into frame just overhead , make she jump in shock . then she see -- 367 bobby and daisy 367 swim around the sub . 368 kathryn 368 returns to the concrete piece . 369 full shot - the sub 369 push in the concrete piece . 370 mike 370 press against the cave wall , be almost touch by the concrete piece . now there be room enough for he to get out . 371 full shot - mike 371 start to push out through the cave open . camera zoom in on he face as he see -- 372 the shark 372 in the distance , approach again . 373 kathryn and dolphins 373 she react , see the dolphin dart out of frame . she look after they . 374 point of view shot - the dolphins 374 speed toward the shark to intercept it . 375 kathryn 375 her face reflect she fear for the dolphin as she open the canopy for Mike to get in . he close the canopy , both look apprehensively toward the shark . 376 what they see - the shark 376 be butte by the two dolphin , deflect its charge . 377 mike and kathryn 377 Kathryn start to drive the sub away . 378 full shot - sub 378 as it start away from the fun tunnel area . 379 int . sub - mike and kathryn 379 Kathryn look back toward the shark . 380 what she sees - the dolphins 380 still attack the shark with some diversionary success . 381 full shot - sub 381 start to rise as it pass over the Spanish galleon . 382 int . sub - mike and kathryn 382 in the b.g. , the shark suddenly come toward they at high speed , its massive size blotting out everything in b.g . 383 full shot 383 as the giant shark hit the sub broadside . 384 int . sub 384 turn over in a complete circle , then righting itself , Kathryn try to keep it move forward . 385 full shot - the shark 385 attack the submarine again , fling it around like a cork , the attack by the dolphin only diverting it slightly . 386 int . sub 386 the shark see outside , try to close its jaw around the sub . 387 full shot - the shark 387 grab the sub from behind and start to shake it . 388 int . sub - angle past mike and kathryn 388 the shark see in b.g. , its enormous jaw close around the back part of the submarine . Kathryn reach for something . 389 insert - control 389 as Kathryn 's hand in the violently shaking sub manage to increase the revolution of the propeller . 390 full shot - the propellers 390 spin faster , cut the shark 's maw . bleed , it back off , wheeling away . 391 int . sub - kathryn 391 tries to drive it away , but the propeller will not turn now , they be jamme . the sub start sink toward the bottom . they both twist around . 392 there Pov - the shark 392 move away . 393 int . sub - kathryn 393 point toward the galleon . Mike hesitates , then see that they have no other chance and they slide back the canopy quickly , push out of the sink sub , and swim toward the galleon . the dolphin suddenly appear in frame , and Mike and Kathryn grab they fin , look around to see where the shark be , reacting as they see 394 the shark 394 rushing back toward they . 395 mike , kathryn , and dolphins 395 the dolphin speed they to the open of the galleon hold where they let go of the fin and kick down fast into the hold as the dolphin wheel around to attack the shark again . 396 int . hold of galleon - up angle 396 Mike and Kathryn swim downward toward camera . they kick into the dark hold , camera pull down from they , stop . they swim past camera and , in the next moment , the berserk shark appear , try to follow they into the hold . it can not get through , the open too small , but shatter part of the frame . 397 mike and kathryn 397 ducking away from and push aside large , fall piece of lumber . they look up , reacting as they see 398 there Pov - the shark 398 lung down into the open again , break off more of the hold frame . 399 mike and kathryn 399 evading more fall wood , back away as they look up at 400 the shark 400 try once more , get stick in the hold open which be now enlarge enough for it to wedge in part of its enormous form . 401 full shot - the shark 401 try to get into the hold all the way , the two dolphin but its side . 402 mike and kathryn 402 Mike look around , see something and , grab Kathryn 's arm , pull she further into the body of the sink hull , camera panning to show they move toward the hole in the ship 's side . 403 ext . hull 403 as Mike and Kathryn push out through the open and kick up with extreme caution . 404 angle on deck edge 404 as Mike and Kathryn appear , look warily toward 405 the shark 405 still in the open to the hold , try to break through , the dolphin still but its side . 406 mike and kathryn 406 look at each other , then , abruptly , decide and kick upward , camera with they . as they move toward the surface , they look down at 407 the shark 407 start to back out of the open it have batter into the hold entrance . 408 mike and kathryn 408 kick upward as fast as they can go . 409 surface 409 as they break through , look down . 410 what they see - the shark 410 come up at they . 411 mike and kathryn 411 not know what to do . they start spasmodically as the two dolphin rush up from beneath the water and appear nearby . without a word , Mike and Kathryn grab the dolphin ' dorsal fin , and the dolphin start to rush they away . 412 the chase 412 Shots alternate between Mike and Kathryn be pull along by the dolphin and the giant shark pursue they , get closer and closer . when it become apparent that the shark be go to overtake they , the dolphin make a sharp turn and elude its heavier , straight - forward impetus . see where they be , Mike point downward . Kathryn hit Bobby on the side and he dive abruptly . Daisy follow . 413 underwater 413 the dolphin diving with Mike and Kathryn as they put they mouthpiece back in . we see that they be outside the Control room , the man inside look out at they in shock . Mike let go of the fin and swim to the lock , gesture for Kathryn to do the same . she do and both take refuge in the concrete recess as the shark zoom into frame from behind camera , rush at they . 414 inside the recess 414 as the huge shark come at they . Mike activate the outer door of the lock , and they be wash in just as the shark smashes its head against the concrete , jaw miss they foot by inch . 415 int . lock 415 the shark still try to get at they . Mike shut the outer door and start to drain the water from the lock . as it come below they head , they pull out they mouthpiece and look at each other with daze relief . he put he arm around she , and they lean they fore - head together , breathe hard . the water be out of the lock in second ; inside , man activate the inner door . 416 int . control room 416 as Mike and Kathryn be help in by the technician . one of they look toward the o.s. window suddenly . man oh , my God ! they whirl and look . 417 the shark 417 come straight at the window as fast as it can . with a deafen crash , it hit the window and the glass be shattered , a wall of water roaring in . 418 full shot - mike and kathryn and the men 418 swept across the Control room by the giant wave of water flung around . one man be smashed against a wall and kill . several other make it to the door , get out just before the water slam it shut . 419 mike and kathryn 419 put they mouthpiece in again as the Control room fill with water . they look toward 420 the shark 420 with one of the technician in its jaw and be sub - divide he . 421 control room 421 start flooding . a tape bank topple , crush female technician . 422 impale shark 422 thrashes violently , work its way in . it 's catch on a huge section of thick glass pierce its side . 423 mike and kathryn 423 stare at the shark . suddenly , the air in Mike 's tank run out and , reacting , he tap Kathryn 's arm . she see he problem , take a deep breath , and give he she mouthpiece . they look toward the window at a loud SOUND . 424 there Pov - the shark 424 still very much alive , throw its gigantic weight forward , get closer and closer to camera , each violent lurch cut its side open more , blood pour from the jag rent . 425 angle past shark on mike and kathryn 425 as it get closer and closer to they . they back away , be block by a console . 426 angle past mike and kathryn 426 show the shark closer yet . despite the impale blade of glass , despite the internal injury , the shark -- in second -- will have they . 427 close on mike and kathryn 427 share the mouthpiece , huddle together , helpless now . then Kathryn 's eye widen , both react . 428 the shark 428 shake its head as it inch forward , jaw open wide . 429 mike and kathryn 429 drawing back . Kathryn scream . 430 the shark 430 emerging from its maw be Philip 's body . 431 philip' body 431 we see the grenade lock in he fist . 432 mike 432 quickly grasp a metal strip from the tape bank and fashion a crude hook . 433 mike 433 Times he move perfectly and knock the grenade out of Philip 's lock fist . the grenade come to rest between the shark 's teeth . Kathryn give Mike some air , then 434 mike 434 leap forward and snatch the grenade out of the shark 's mouth . 435 mike 435 hurriedly wrap a metal strip around the grenade . 436 kathryn 436 act as a decoy and lure the shark 's attention as 437 mike 437 pull the grenade pin and shove grenade into the distract shark 's mouth . 438 mike grab kathryn 438 and they roll behind a Control room desk and computer terminal console . 439 full shot shark 439 as the shark be blown out backward through the window open , tear in half by the explosion , its massive remain start to slide toward the lagoon bottom , turn the water crimson . 440 mike and kathryn 440 grabbing the stunne Kathryn , Mike pull she to the window and out , start upward through the bloody water . 441 underwater - mike and kathryn 441 share the air , they slowly float to the surface , buddy - buddy breathe . 442 surface 442 Mike and Kathryn break through . helping each other , they make they way over to a camera pylon . 443 mike and kathryn 443 cling to the pylon and each other . 444 kathryn 444 suddenly look alarmed as she remember : kathryn Bobby and Daisy . Mike look about , no sign of the dolphin . 445 kathryn 445 slap the water hard three time . no dolphin . she do it again . and again . 446 kathryn 446 and now , in total anger and frustration , she pound the water like Rocky on the punch bag until she be drain , and Kathryn break down sobbing as Mike hold she , try to comfort she . 447 dolphins 447 come shoot to the surface ! they be bang and bruise , but be chirp excitedly and as happy to see Kathryn and Mike as they be to see they . 448 dolphins 448 slowly swim around the hugging Mike and Kathryn as camera pull up to show the Sea Kingdom , in all its entirety , safe at last . fade out . the end