jaw : the revenge by Michael de guzman prod . # 02184 January 23 , 1987 revised final shoot script producer , director : joseph sargent title sequence : under water - night as title and music play , we move slowly beneath the water off the coast of amity . we swim beneath a dock , thread we way through piling ... we move through the water , swim , just swim , with all the time in the world . we move over some junk -- the rusting front end of a automobile ... we be go somewhere ... the water become shallow and we stop . up through the surface , the image distort , we see the light of a town ... amity ... we move on , swim again , just swim , move through the water until , suddenly , the water swirl with motion around we . we experience the sensation of turn and then we see it , the eye ... and , for a moment , we think we be go to see more ... but all we see , as title end , be the eye ... jaw : the revenge fade in 1 a enormous black eye 1 cast its deadly stare straight at we . wave of heat , like ocean current , rise up around it . a sound like that of the fire of hell fill we ear . ellen ( o.s. ) stop that .... sean ( o.s. ) stop what ? ellen ( o.s. ) that .... sean ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) I be not do anything . a hand be hear be slap lightly . sean ( o.s. ) ( feign pain ) that hurt .... ellen ( o.s. ) serve you right . ( laugh despite herself ) will you please stop .... sean ( o.s. ) can not help myself .... the huge eye rise up toward we , then turn away and disappear , to be replace by another just like it . 2 int . brody house - kitchen - night 2 the eye belong to a fish and the fish be fry in a pan and ellen have just turn it . she glance at Sean , she son , who 's dress in a amity police uniform . he 's munch a piece of lettuce from the salad , which he 's be pick at . it 's winter and she 's wear a bit of wool . ellen you be almost as fast as you father . he could snatch a tomato out of a salad faster that a rabbit make love . Sean grin at he mother and slowly try to take more lettuce without be see . ellen ( continue ) I see what you be do .... sean I be hungry , Mom .... ellen let I finish dinner before you eat it ... chop the pepper .... he line up a red and green pepper and eye they sympatha - tically . sean sorry fella .... he start chopping they up and ellen grab she glass of wine and sit herself on a stool to watch he . show off a little , he start add some professional panache to he chopping . ellen watch you finger .... he cut himself . sean shit .... the phone ring . ellen be you all right ? sean add flavor .... he suck at he finger as she answer the phone on its second ring . sean ( continue ) we do not want any .... ellen ( pick up the phone ) hello ? ( smile broaden as she listen ) thea who ? ( laugh ) I know it 's thea brody . how many grandchild do I have ? I know you can use the phone by yourself . you be a big girl . I know you be five . Sean , still suck at he finger , eager to talk with he niece , move to the phone and lean in close to the mouthpiece . sean hi ya , kiddo . how you do down there in the sunshine ? ellen share the mouthpiece with she son . thea ( o.s. ) I be fine , uncle Sean . I go swim today . I be take lesson . michael ( o.s. ) she already swim like a fish . sean hey , Michael ! michael ( o.s. ) hey , bro .... ellen ( to Sean ) the fish . check it .... sean you check it .... ellen I be on the phone .... michael ( o.s. ) I be pay for the call .... sean ( to ellen ) not if you let I have it . ellen in a minute .... thea ( o.s. ) what 's go on ? sean ( to thea ) you grandmother 's a slave driver . tell she to be nice to I . Sean make a face at he mother , who smile at he , then continue she conversation with thea . ellen do you get the book I send you ? ( listen ) Sean study the fish as it fries in the pan , not sure what to do with it . sean ask the big doctor about he work . ( yell so Michael can hear he ) tough life you bahamian beach bum ... play in the water all day .... ellen he hear that . sean ( smile ) good . he turn to the fish . 3 omitted 3 4 amity - dusk 4 it 's the next day and the main business street of amity be ablaze with Christmas light and decoration . the street be busier than usual with traffic . people move about with that extra sense of purpose and good cheer which accompany the holiday season . Sean , ellen and Tiffany , the young woman to whom Sean be engage , be just leave ellen 's real estate office , a storefront on the main street . they be carry Christmas package . ellen 's partner , agnes taft , be see at she desk inside . ellen ( as she leave ) tomorrow we have to get the ad for the paper straighten out . and if Mrs. blodget call , tell she we will have the final offer tomorrow .... mrs . taft how come you get to leave early ? ellen ( smile ) my desk be closer to the door .... Mrs. taft grin and go back to work as ellen , Sean and Tiffany start across the street . the sign above the door behind they read : ' brody and taft , real estate .' sean ( continue they earlier conversation ) a big one .... ellen a small one ... you brother will not be here .... the Mayor see they as he move along the sidewalk . the mayor merry Christmas . ellen sean / tiffany merry Christmas , Jim .... merry Christmas , Mayor .... the mayor eggnog time ... Thursday night . ellen I will be there .... the Mayor offer a large grin and hurry on . sean ( to ellen ) we be have a big tree and we be get out all the old ornament and we be go to do it right .... tiffany we will put stocking on the mantel .... sean and we be put out a sandwich and a bottle of beer for Santa .... ellen ( laugh ) all right ... we will do it all ... Tiffany , you have no idea what kind of mad man you be marrying .... tiffany ( smile at Sean ) oh , yes I do .... they approach the front of the police station . sean I have get to check in .... he kiss he mother on the cheek and plant one on Tiffany 's lip . ellen do not be late . sean I will not .... Sean head for the station . the two woman watch he for a moment , then move on . ellen ( with good humor ) he have the messiest room in America .... tiffany I know ... but he 's all mine .... ellen give she a look , then smile and the two woman continue on . 5 int . police station - dusk 5 Sean move into the front office , take off he glove and blow into he hand . the secretary , polly , who be close to retirement , be go through a filing cabinet . there 's a frame picture of Martin brody on the wall near she . it have a plaque beneath it which read , martin brody , police chief , 1973 - 1985 . she slam the drawer shut in she frustration at not be able to find what she 's look for . sean that bad , huh ? polly we be out of decaf ... we be out of petty cash ... and we be out of requisition form .... he smile sympathetically and pour himself a half cup of coffee and wait for the rest of it . polly ( continue ) you have the safety talk at school , one o'clock tomorrow .... sean anything to do before I go home ? he sip at he coffee , eager to be go . polly open another file and search . polly that man keep call about he training film . I can not convince he we do not have a s.w.a.t. team . sean good night , polly .... he take a final sip of coffee and put the mug down and head for the door . the phone ring . polly move to she desk . polly George call about the softball league . he want you to organize a team for next summer .... he disappear as she pick up the phone . polly ( continue ) amity Police Department ... ( listen ; then yell at Sean ) hold it ! there 's a old dock pile drift in the channel . Sean reappear in the doorway look quizzical . polly ( continue ; on the phone ) maybe it will just keep drift until it go away . ( to Sean ) it 's stick against a channel marker . he start away again , try to ignore it . polly ( continue ; listen ; then yell ) hold it again ! Coast Guard 's busy and it have to be clear before the fisherman come back . Sean move back to the doorway . sean where 's lenny ? polly ( hand over the mouthpiece ) go to Ben Masters ' place . cow tipping . sean cow tipping ? polly claim kid come around at night and tip over he sleep cow . they be not give milk . sean ( sighing ) I will take care of it . polly ( on the phone ) deputy brody will take care of it personally . she hang up and eye Sean , who 's still frame in the doorway . sean call my mother . tell she I will be late . he shake he head and disappear at the door . sean ( continue ) cow tipping .... 6 the dock - dusk to night 6 a huge banner be stretch above the dock . it read : amity annual christmas pageant . the combine force of the high school band , chorus and dramatic society be in the process of rehearse they musical version of the birth of Christ . they director , Mr. tarkanian , be jump about , try to organize thing . tarkanian come on people . come on . we go on at eight o'clock tomorrow night and ... ( voice rise to a scream ) no one 's ready .... this get he some attention and he kid begin take they place -- Mary and Joseph , the Three Wisemen , the shepherd ... the sheep , the camel , which be a horse with a artificial hump . tarkanian ( continue ) you shepherd , find you place . and do not forget the sheep .... Sean pull up in the police vehicle , get out and , grin and shaking he head at the confusion , begin to make he way through it . sean ( yell at tarkanian ) good luck . tarkanian I will need it with this bunch .... Sean push on , move out on the dock . tarkanian ( o.s. ) where 's the frankincense ? this be suppose to be a dress rehearsal .... 7 the police boat - night 7 Sean get the engine start and cast off and the small boat make its way from the dock . tarkanian ( o.s. ) ( shouting ) you be suppose to be in costume , Joseph . where 's you robe ? Jesus ! a kid ( o.s. ) here I be .... 8 the BAY - night 8 the boat move slowly toward the channel . Sean look back and see the light and activity on the dock and smile a little , then turn he attention to the job at hand , switch on the boat 's spotlight , use it to cut through the accumulate darkness . 9 the channel - night 9 Sean bring the boat to the channel marker , with its small blink red light , and kill the engine and examine the huge piece of dock pile , most of which be beneath the sur - face . it 's lodge against the marker , so heavy in the water that it 's not move a inch . hardly more than a shadow , he face just barely illuminate by the occasional dull red light , Sean gather the towline and begin try to secure it to the pile , a difficult job in the cold , which require he to lean out over the side as far as he can . the band be hear start up on the dock , gradually col - lecting itself until it sound like one , play " the first Noel . " a few moment later , the choir begin sing it . suddenly the water explode up around he violently and the boat rock in the shock of it and a dark form be see , for a instant , and Sean disappear from we view . the boat 's spotlight rock crazily . then the turmoil of the water die and all be calm and the sing from the dock be hear clearly again . Sean , hold onto he shred sleeve and coat , bleed profusely , have fall to a corner of the stern . he look off toward the dock and open he mouth to call for help , but nothing come out . the music grow louder as the band and chorus find they confidence . then a tremendous surge of water explode upward and the dark form be see again , for a instant , and we view of Sean be lose . when we can see again , Sean and a corner of the stern be go . for a moment , Sean be see hold onto the piece of dock pile with he remain arm . he cry out for help but it 's lose in the swell sound of the Christmas Carol come from the dock . then Sean and the pole disappear beneath the surface . he 's just go . a few moment later , the pole pop back to the surface . in the rock spotlight from the boat , the clear outline of the shark 's jaw can be see where it 's take a chunk of it . in the stillness of the night , the band and chorus suddenly stop . tarkanian ( o.s. ) ( yell ; he patience exhaust ) get the star higher . Higher ! and where the hell be the Wisemen ? 10 int . police station - day 10 ellen in shock , move down a corridor with lenny , Sean 's boss , the Chief . he hold she arm as they move to a back room of the station . polly and a handful of townspeople watch sadly from the other end . lenny if I do not have to , I would not . ( hate this conversation ) there 's not enough ... Law require a positive identification and there 's not ... ( can not finish ) he hold the door open and ellen go inside . 11 the back room - day 11 a sheet cover the table in the center of the room . there 's a slight bulge beneath it . ellen move to the table . lenny move to get ahead of she . lenny I wish there be some way to make it easy .... ellen , still in shock , watch as lenny pull back the sheet . she go rigid , stare at Sean 's remain without expression . he glance at she , then put the sheet back . she do not move . he move to a old desk which sit in a corner and take up a package . Sean 's service revolver , in he holster , and he badge be on top of it . he bring they to she . lenny ( continue ) his thing .... she look dully at lenny , then at the package , stare at the service revolver . lenny ( continue ) I think you would want they .... she take what he offer and leave . 12 the corridor 12 ellen stop and use all she strength to compose herself . her expression be etched with control rage . 13 13 and omitted and 14 14 15 ext . brody house - day 15 a taxi pull up in front and Michael brody , in he late twenty . carla , he wife , mid-twenty , and thea , they five - year - old daughter , get out . as the driver gather they luggage , they look sadly at the house , then start for it . thea do not really understand what 's go on . 16 int . house - day 16 Michael and he family move into the house . michael Mom ? there 's no answer and he look in the live room . it 's empty . michael ( continue ) anybody home ? polly move into the hall , follow by Mrs. kintner , agnes taft , and another woman . they all look as though they have be work in the kitchen . polly Michael .... he move to she and they embrace . polly look at carla and the two woman exchange sad smile . michael where 's Mom ? polly point out toward the beach . polly she 's be out there for hour .... michael how 's she do ? polly give he a look , as if to say , not very well . mrs . kintner we just come from Tiffany 's house .... mrs . taft poor girl ... the doctor 's have to sedate she .... Michael nod and leave . polly smile at thea . polly I hardly recognize you , thea . you be so grow up .... thea uncle Sean be dead , you know . ( to carla ) will he ever come back ? polly carla ( to thea ) ( to thea ) you want something to eat ? we will talk about it some more later . thea ( to polly ) I have a hamburger on the plane . polly we can do better than that ..... polly offer she hand and thea take it and they head for the kitchen . polly and carla exchange the knowledge of how difficult this all be for a child . polly how about a funny bone sandwich ? thea giggle and they disappear into the kitchen . 17 the beach - day 17 ellen stand at the shoreline , look out toward the bay , she expression empty of feel ; stoic suppression of she feeling . Michael move down the beach toward she . michael Mom .... she turn and , for a long moment they look at each other , then he move to she and take she in he arm . they hold onto each other for a long time . tear begin to well up in he eye . she look at he , then kiss he gently , then look back out at the water . ellen ( with deadly calm ) it come for he . it wait all this time and it come for he .... michael mother .... but she do not hear he . her mind and heart be somewhere else . 18 int . brody house - kitchen - night 18 carla be organize the evening meal . Michael move into the room . michael she 's put thea to sleep . he get a can of beer from the refrigerator and pop the top , then look at it . she study he . michael ( continue ) I buy he he first legal drink . he get so piss that night .... carla he tell I you both do .... they look at each other , share they grief . carla ( continue ) he tell I a lot about you two .... carla catch ellen enter from the corner of she eye . Michael follow she gaze . michael sit down , ma .... ellen you guy must be starve .... ellen move to the counter and start pull out pot and pan , as though she 's lose control of herself . carla move to calm she down . carla I be make dinner . you should .... ellen pull herself free from carla 's hand and continue pull out the pot . she stop suddenly , hold one in she hand . she let it drop and turn to look at Michael . ellen I want you to get out of the water .... michael what ? ellen I want you to give up that terrible job . michael come on , Mom , you can not be serious .... ellen ( she voice rise ) you be damn right I be serious .... michael I be just get start .... ellen I do not want you in the water anymore .... she stop suddenly , aware that Michael and carla be stare at she . michael Mom , you be upset . sit down ... please .... ellen I will not have anyone in my family any - where near the water .... ( come unglue ) never again ... never .... Michael move to she , try to take she in he arm , try to comfort she . michael hey , come on , you can not believe that voodoo . shark do not commit murder . they do not pick out a person .... ellen ( pull away from she son ) it pick Sean ... it kill you father .... michael dad die from a heart attack .... ellen he die from fear ... from have to go out there after it .... she start from the room unable to control herself , not want to unravel completely in front of Michael and carla . michael ( a last attempt to reason with she ) there 's never be a great white where we live . it 's warm water ... they do not like it .... ellen ( o.s. ) ( as she move away ) you brother 's dead ... you father 's dead .... Michael and carla look at each other with grave concern . 19 the beach - day 19 the sand be hard from the cold and it 's empty of people . the water be calm . the day be sunny and peaceful . michael ( o.s. ) he be such a good -nature kid ... always go out of he way .... carla ( o.s. ) he be do he job .... michael ( o.s. ) it be a piece of wood . a shitty piece of wood . it 's not fair .... Michael and carla move into view , they back to we , bundle against the cold . carla he be just do he job , Michael . they walk on in silence for a moment and we see they come toward we . Michael be deeply troubled . carla be concerned about he . michael God , he could make I laugh sometimes . ( pause ) he be always tagging after I when we be kid . he want so much to do what I be do .... suddenly Michael start run . carla watch he for a moment , then start run after he . carla where be you go ? michael nowhere .... he start run flat out and carla run with he , stop finally because he 's too fast and she can not keep pace . she watch as he work every muscle in he body , try to exhaust himself , try to rid himself of what he feel . 20 omitted 20 21 int . brody house - dine room - night ( from jaw ) 21 Sean , a small boy , and Martin be at the table . Martin be lose in think , reflect on he dilemma about the appearance of a great white shark in amity and the refusal of the town father to shut down the beach . Sean imitate he father 's every move , mimick he in every way . minister ( v.o. ) to everything there be a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven ; a time to be bear , and a time to die .... 22 the cemetery - day 22 ellen be smile , she expression reflect she memory of she son and she husband . Sean be be bury . the Minister be conduct the gravesite service . thea stand next to ellen , hold she hand . carla be next to she . Michael stand on the other side of he mother . Tiffany stand next to he . she 's cry . hundred of townspeople have come to pay they last respects , polly , lenny , Mrs. kintner , Mrs. taft , tarkanian , the Mayor and several selectmen among they . minister a time to plant , and a time to pluck up that which be plant ; a time to kill , and a time to heal ; a time to break down , and a time to build up ; a time to weep , and a time to laugh .... 23 int . brody house - dine room - night ( from jaw ) 23 Martin and Sean be still at the table . Martin finally catch he son and make a funny face at he and Sean make one back . Martin open he arm and Sean come to he and the boy kiss he father . ellen watch from the doorway . minister ( v.o. ) a time to mourn , and a time to dance ; a time to cast away stone , and a time to gather stone together .... a time to embrace , and a time to refrain from embrace .... a time to seek , and a time to lose ; a time to keep , and a time to cast away ; a time to rend , and a time to sew .... 23-a omitted 23 - a 24 the cemetery - day 24 ellen be still smile . thea be look up at she , smile to herself , try to figure out what 's amusing she grand - mother . Michael and carla look at ellen with concern . minister a time to keep silence , and a time to speak ; a time to love and a time to hate ; a time for war , and a time for peace . 25 avril BAY - night 25 the water lap gently against the shore . a person 's leg be see walk into it . ellen be reveal walk slowly , deliberate out into the cold water of the bay . her expression be set with sad determination as though she 's go to keep on walk , until the water swallow she up . finally she stop , and slowly raise she right hand . it hold Sean 's service revolver . she point it toward the water in front of she and one by one , coldly , methodically , fire all six round into the bay . 26 ext . drugstore - day 26 ellen , Michael , carla and thea leave the store and move off . thea be unwrap a lollipop . carla you will spoil she . thea that 's what grandmas be for . ellen , constantly surprised by she granddaughter , laugh . it please Michael and carla . michael I want you to come back with we . ellen look at he with a raise eyebrow . Michael 's concern for she be evident . michael ( continue ) Change of scenery ... spend more time with thea .... thea yes ! ellen look at carla , silently ask for she response . carla ( smile ; take ellen 's arm ) what do I think ? I think it 's a lovely idea .... michael please , Mom . at least consider it . you should get away . you should not be alone now .... ellen ( mimick thea ) yes ! thea you can stay in my room . ellen ( to thea ) I would like that . ( to Michael ) I need to be away from here . Michael , surprised , pleased by how quickly he mother agree , smile and she return it , the first smile she 's have for anyone but thea and the memory of she son and husband since Sean be kill . carla look at Michael , she expression etched with love and concern . 27 27 through omitted through 28 28 29 the ferry - day 29 Michael with thea in he arm , ellen and carla stand together near they taxi as the ferry leave amity and head for the mainland , the first leg of they journey to the Bahamas . thea be play a game with ellen , pretend to whisper a secret . ellen do it back and thea giggle hysterically . thea grandma say , buzz , buzz , buzz .... ellen laugh at she granddaughter 's delight . Michael and carla grin . thea ( continue ) swing I ... swing I .... Michael and carla start swinging thea between they . as thea laugh , ellen , suddenly , without warning , move away and start cry , unseen by the other . she look back toward the island , sobbing now , finally let it out , take a last look at she home . carla , thea and Michael be hear laugh as they continue they game . 30 avril BAY - day 30 from the surface of the water , the ferry be see become smaller and smaller as it move away . the old dock pile that Sean try to dislodge from the channel marker , that cost he he life , have wash up on the beach . it 's in several piece and bear the distinct outline of the great white shark 's jaw . several of its tooth be lodge in the wood . 30-a omitted 30 - a 30 -b nassau airport 30 - B a large Eastern airline jet descend to the airport , finally touch down and brake as it bring the brody family to the Bahamas . the plane flash past .... 31 nassau BAY - day 31 a blur of red flash past . a parachutist be be pull by a speedboat . several other be reveal , then a crowd of swimmer , and banana boat , and sailfish . the busy bay , it 's " high season , " be see from the point of view of a low fly aircraft . carla ( o.s. ) I have always want to ride one of that .... michael ( o.s. ) no way .... carla ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) Chicken .... 32 int . plane - day 32 ellen stare down at the water , carry she mood from amity . Michael and carla ride next to and just behind she and eye ellen with concern . Michael be deal with he own grief , force himself to put on a " strong " face for he mother . thea look back from the front seat . she 's riding next to hoagie newcombe , the pilot , a man of ellen 's age who look the " free spirit " he be . thea can I ride one sometime ...? ellen ( break free from she trance ) it 's too dangerous .... carla ( teasing ) like mother , like son .... michael my mother always tell I , if God have intend we to ride parachute for fun , we would have be bear with free ticket .... ellen ( laugh ) I never .... thea ( to hoagie ) where 's the lady who bring the soda ? hoagie laugh . thea ( continue ) they have they on the big one .... hoagie I have coffee in the thermos . thea I be too young for coffee . can I drive the plane ? carla thea .... thea sometimes my father put I in he lap and let I steer the Jeep . carla do not bother hoagie .... hoagie sometimes I let special people sit on my lap and steer the plane .... he help thea undo she seat belt and she climb into he lap and he put she little hand on the wheel , then put he over they . michael Jake tell I you be go to have to fly for the rest of you life to pay off what you lose at the crap table .... hoagie good news travel fast .... he throw a smile back at Michael , who smile back , just a little . hoagie ( continue ) I will get it back next time . thea how come it bump up and down when there 's no road ? hoagie the wind do that . ( to ellen ) ever be to the Bahamas before ? ellen no .... hoagie first time for everything be the best . after that you know too much and it 's never quite the same . ellen you must get bored easily . michael hoagie not from what I have hear .... only on tuesday ... the rest of the week be interesting as hell . michael hoagie like adventure .... Michael glance at carla , who 's smile at thea , as hoagie give ellen he most charming smile . ellen be look from Michael to hoagie , not sure what to make of it all . thea what 's that ? she 's point to a gauge with a horizontal white line across it . hoagie carla it tell I if I be fly ( to Michael ) level . sometimes it 's hard you okay ? to tell without a road . michael thea yeah . how do you make the plane go up and down ? carla ( look at hoagie ellen ; then like this .... Michael ) she will be okay too .... carla take Michael 's hand and hold it as hoagie put the plane into a steep dive . everyone hold on . hoagie ( continue ) want to go for a little ride ? thea I do .... ellen can you just go off ...? hoagie I be the captain of this majestic ship . it go where I take it .... he gesture to ellen to look below and she look out she window . 33 omitted 33 34 the airport - day 34 Palm tree stir in the gentle breeze . the terminal be decorate for Christmas . a half - dozen islander eye the air taxi as its wheel touch down . 35 vacation house - day 35 we move past large , expensive house off a narrow road . they be landscape beautifully . the sound of " the Christmas song " be sung by " someone " be hear . 35-a a car - day 35 - a ellen stare at the house from a early model white cadillac as it make its way toward Michael 's house . " the Christmas song " be come from its stereo speaker . 36 int . car ( michael' neighborhood ) - day 36 carla be in back with ellen . thea be between they , rest she head against she mother 's arm . Michael be in front , next to Romeo , the driver , a islander , black . his car have glitter star attach to the roof . the stereo speaker be in back . carla ( to ellen ) no cooking while you be here ... no wash dish ... no clean .... ellen I be not on vacation .... thea I like grandma 's cooking .... ellen thank you .... michael ( point ) Neptune 's folly ... we boat .... ellen see , from she point of view , a old , patchwork forty - five - foot sailboat with a long bowsprit tie to a dock . ellen ( o.s. ) oh , it look like my uncle 's . he teach I how to sail when I be a kid .... michael ( o.s. ) ( continue ) it 's Jake 's actually ... we float lab .... ellen look back at she son and offer a tentative smile . michael ( continue ) beat go to the office .... he turn and point to the small neighborhood of house they be enter . michael ( continue ) Jake life over there .... ellen look at several small , rundown house with Christmas decoration . Romeo , who 's be eyeing ellen in he rearview mirror , pick up he " tour guide " microphone and lower the stereo player and start sing , do a perfect imitation of nat King Cole , sing the same song . Michael and carla grin and thea pull herself forward to watch . ellen catch on and laugh . michael ( continue ) Romeo do tony bennet and johnny mathis too . but they all sound like nat King Cole .... Romeo grin and keep on sing . 37 omitted 37 38 michael' house - day 38 the cadillac make its way to a house like the other and stop . a Jeep be park in the drive . a outbuild , carla 's studio , be nearby . a small dock be in front . despite its condition , the house be charming and be situate right on the beach . Romeo be still sing . the family pile out . thea head for the dock . michael I will help you with the bag , Romeo .... romeo you can take the big one .... Michael laugh . carla it sure be good to be home .... michael it sure be .... Romeo hum as he and Michael start unload luggage . carla check the backseat . ellen stretch and look at the house , try to hide she mother 's concern about the way she son be live . carla see she and smile and put she arm around she . carla it will grow on you . ellen I like it . really .... she look at carla and find herself smile back . carla it have its virtue . it have not fall down yet .... thea ( o.s. ) watch I , grandma .... ellen turn and see thea just grab a old automobile tire which be suspend by a rope from a beam on the dock . ellen stop ! thea swing out over the water and ellen run toward she . carla and Michael follow . ellen ( continue ) thea ! get down from there ... thea ! thea swing back to the dock and let go of the tire , look from she mother to she grandmother , not sure what she 's suppose to do . ellen ( continue ; as she approach ) no , no ... it 's too dangerous .... thea mommy let I .... carla ( hold out she hand ) come on , sweetheart .... thea ( upset ) but you always let I .... carla not today . come on , thea .... she move to she daughter to pick she up and thea balk . her exhaustion from the trip be too much . she start to cry . thea daddy , why can not I ...? carla ( become angry ) do you hear what I say ? come inside .... thea I do not want to . I want to swing .... thea grab the tire and carla grab she and thea start scream through she tear . carla you can swing later . we have to unpack now .... thea struggle in carla 's arm as they start for the house . ellen oh , I do not mean .... ( try to lighten the moment ) I be be such a grandma .... michael come on , I will show you around . Michael take she arm and they start for the studio . ellen I do not mean to start that .... michael ( smile ) do not be such a grandma ... I be always climb something .... ellen you be a monkey .... thea be hear cry as carla take she into the house and they move on to the studio . 39 int . studio - day 39 a enormous abstract metal sculpture sit center room . it have a huge gape crevice near its top , not unlike a mouth . michael ( o.s. ) ( as they approach ) all you all right ? ellen ( o.s. ) I be fine .... ellen find a smile for she son as they enter the studio . ellen ( continue ) how be you do ? michael ( shrugging ) okay . ellen ( continue ) we have not have a real talk , have we ? we will do that before I go . he nod . she study he concern . ellen ( continue ) I will be all right , Michael . michael ( find he smile ) good . so will I .... they look at each other for a moment , then he gaze shift to the piece of sculpture . michael ( continue ) she call it , ' Tourist on the loose . ' local government commission it . for the public beach .... carla ( o.s. ) ( yell from the house ) we forget to stop at the store . ellen study the piece of sculpture . the studio be fill with other metal piece and carla 's tool , which include tank of gas and welder 's gear . ellen do not quite know what to make of it . michael ( yell back ) make a list . carla ( o.s. ) we need milk .... michael Big unveil ceremony in a couple of week .... carla ( o.s. ) we need beer .... michael I will be right there . she look at he , not quite sure what to say . michael ( continue ) incredible , be not it ? his grin be contagious and she smile and they start out together . the huge abstract sculpture , with its gape crevice of a mouth , fill we vision . 40 40 through omitted through 43 43 44 the water - day 44 ellen swim off the beach by Michael 's house . she be the only person in sight . 44-a beneath the water - day 44 - a ellen be see from the point of view of something watch she , stalking she , as she swim . we move closer until we be beneath she . she stop swim and tread water . we move closer and closer . ellen see what 's come toward she and she expression flood with terror . she start swim as fast as she can . the water become violent as she 's attack . she struggle and the water begin to fill with blood . her blood . 45 thea' room - night 45 ellen 's eye pop open , wide . her face be still fill with fear . 46 beneath the water - day 46 from the point of view of someone , something , we move slowly through the water , explore the seascape , which be fill with exotic plant and fish and , nearby , the old wreck of a rusting freighter . jake ( o.s. ) ( through a small underwater speaker ; a unhappy voice ) stop farting around .... michael ( o.s. ) ( voice somewhat garble ) stop busting my hump .... jake ( o.s. ) try the area around the wreck .... a small wet submersible come into view , work its way slowly over the flat sea bottom . Michael , in wet suit and scuba gear be inside . he 's spot a group of conch and park the sub . michael ( o.s. ) bingo .... he lift the bubble and lean out and start check the conch to separate male from female . a single conch be see shoot out the appendage which it use to move , sink it into the sea bottom and pull itself forward . jake ( o.s. ) how many ...? michael ( o.s. ) will you leave I alone ...? jake ( o.s. ) you tagging they ...? michael I be separate the lady from the gentleman .... jake ( o.s. ) you move any slower , you would grow root ... we have get a schedule ... shake it , man .... michael ( o.s. ) the female have egg .... jake ( o.s. ) we will pass around cigar .... Michael start put small round electronic tag on the conch , which he secure with epoxy . michael ( o.s. ) we be be pay to see where they go ... how they propagate .... jake ( o.s. ) if we have some decent money , I would be able to read they temperature ... Study they motor system .... michael if you would leave I alone , I would be able to get my work do .... Michael swim free of the sub , to get free from the range of the speaker which carry Jake 's voice . jake ( o.s. ) once a grunt , always a grunt . you get no vision , Michael . I be get a signal from the first one . you tag it right ? it 's buzzing . sound like a hornet try to get out of a closet .... Michael ignore he . 47 the barge - day 47 Jake , a islander , black , be listen to he headset . he 's agitate . clarence and William , the surface crew , both islander , watch Jake carefully . the barge be low in the water and broad of beam and be permanently moor to this site . a dinghy , with a outboard , be tie to the barge . jake ( through the phone ) Michael ! ( to clarence ) this thing work ? clarence you rig it ... you spend all that money on a education and you come back look like this .... jake ( yell ; on the phone ) Michael ! clarence shake he head sadly , have fun . Jake look at he , annoyed . 48 beneath the water - day 48 Michael continue to tag conch . jake ( o.s. ) Michael ... I know you can hear I .... Michael look toward the sub and the sound of Jake 's voice , then continue he work . 48-a 48-a and omitted and 48-b 48 - B 48-c int . studio - day 48- C a flame , almost too bright to look at , weld metal to metal . carla work on she sculpture , add yet another appendage to its trunk . she look off a something , then lower the flame of the torch and lift she mask and study what she see , she expression reflect both a sadness and understanding . from she point of view , ellen be see wash window outside the house . her back be to carla . carla watch ellen for a long moment , a sad smile finally work the corner of she mouth . carla I be afraid to ask if you do window .... ellen turn and see carla and , for just a moment , be troubled at be catch . then she offer a smile and a shrug . ellen I do not usually ... not at this rate . ellen , she hair tie back , she expression show fatigue , and carla , look more like a auto-body worker than a artist , look at each other , neither sure what to say next . carla I could use a half - dozen more arm ... I have only get two week to get this thing finish .... ellen do you and Michael ever talk about he work ...? about spend so much time work in the water ? carla usually it 's all he talk about ... you must not worry .... ellen I can not help it .... carla I use to worry ... but you know what happen , you find out that scuba diving 's safer than climb into the bathtub .... ellen I should not interfere ... ( smile ) my mother - in - law be so neat she put paper under the cuckoo clock .... carla henny youngman .... ellen you catch I .... carla you be not interfere , ellen .... the two woman look at each other for another moment , then ellen go back to work . carla watch she , then flip down she mask and turn the flame back up and return to she welding . 49 the barge - day 49 the sub be be secure by clarence and William . Michael be peel out of he wet suit . Jake be study Michael 's clipboard . michael ( yell ) I know how to tag a damn conch .... jake the reading suck .... michael maybe it 's the tag that suck .... jake I make they , man .... michael I stick they on , man .... jake you do not stick they on right .... michael if you make they right , it would not happen ... they leak .... jake ( yell ) a blind man could find more conch on a mountainside .... michael you could not find you ass with both hand .... jake you leave I high and dry ... you come back look like a zombie .... michael ( squaring off ) hey ! jake should not pick on that . sorry . I be sorry about you brother .... michael yeah , well , just stop yell . Jake approach , a big grin plaster on he face , and Michael back off , shaking he head . michael ( continue ) come on , Jake .... Jake wrap he arm around Michael and lift he off the deck . jake I miss you , be all . it 's dull around here work alone ... smell all that sweet cologne .... michael put I down .... jake ( look at clarence and William ) they will not fight with I .... michael put I down , damnit .... Jake put he down and laugh and Michael grin . michael ( continue ) maybe I miss you too .... jake ( still grin ; to clarence ) where the hell 's the beer ...? clarence think you would never ask ... come up .... william go good with conch stew ... King conch .... clarence open a cooler and pull out four bottle of beer . jake ( to William ) conch...conch ... conch research be not sexy , William . do not attract the big buck . william conch be very important to we economy . it 's a good thing to study ... so we will always have they . clarence conch be a aphrodisiac .... ( as he throw they bottle of beer ) besides , no one respectable would hire you gent anyway ... not with hair like that ... a while ago he could not get into a restaurant . sign say , no hat ... no platt ... dread , man , dread . they screw the top off the beer bottle and Jake hold he up . jake to anything but a honest job .... they laugh and drink . 49-a 49-a through omitted through 51 51 52 int . house - day 52 the Christmas tree , a shiny green fake job , glitter with decoration . thea be open the last of she present . ellen , Michael and carla , who 's be play Santa Claus , Jake and louisa , a very attractive islander , black , in she midtwenty , sit on the floor . they have all get drink , and they be all into thea . ellen ( o.s. ) you father be six then . just like you .... thea ( look up ) I be still five .... Jake make a face and louisa smile at ellen , who 's sit in a chair , take she only pleasure from the day , she first Christmas since Martin 's death , from thea 's joy . ellen he be always get into some sort of mischief .... jake I have no doubt .... michael nothing out of the ordinary .... ellen once he lock himself in the bathroom and you grandfather have to get the ladder and climb in through the window .... jake bad boy .... michael I do not do it on purpose .... ellen ( smile ) he do not spank you very hard . thea pull new sneaker from a box . thea mommy spanke I once . ( to she parent ) oh , this be good . thank you . she put they down and start unwrap she last present , a big box . Michael take a outrageous Hawaiian shirt from he box . carla you be welcome . I be the one who cry . thea be uncle Sean ever bad ? do you ever spank he ? ellen react . Michael cover quickly . michael sharp shirt , Jake .... jake May you sex life be as busy as you shirt .... carla thank you .... jake every tropo need one .... ( to louisa ) do not you want to see what Santa get you ...? louisa ( eyeing he mischievously ) I be not sure .... carla marry the man and put he out of he misery .... jake ( to louisa ) listen to carla ... marry I ... I be tall , dark and handsome ... two out of three be not bad .... louisa do not flatter yourself .... ( laugh ) thea rip the paper off the box and Michael , carla , Jake and louisa turn they attention to she excitement . ellen watch they , she smile fade as thea move to Jake and louisa with the box . ellen 's thought turn to Sean and she glance out the window toward the ocean . thea ( o.s. ) if I have a baby brother , I would be the oldest . I could be in charge .... ellen leave the room , unobserve by the other . carla only child be my favorite . that mean you , magee .... thea my tea set . I get my tea set . ( to Jake and louisa ) thank you .... louisa everyone should have a tea set .... Michael glance over at he mother and see that she 's go and move to a window . thea ( o.s. ) it have a teapot and cup and saucer .... louisa ( o.s. ) and a sugar bowl and creamer .... thea ( o.s. ) can I put real tea in it ? louisa ( o.s. ) yes , you can put real tea in it .... Michael see he mother stare sadly at the sea . thea ( o.s. ) can I make sandwich ...? carla ( o.s. ) yes , you can make sandwich .... the phone ring . thea ( o.s. ) ( yell as she go ) I have get it . I have get it .... jake ( o.s. ) if it 's National geographic , tell they we only do cover .... Michael continue to watch he mother as the phone ring twice more , then be answer . thea ( o.s. ) hello ? 53 the kitchen - day 53 thea be on a chair , hold the phone . hooper ( o.s. ) ho-ho-ho .... thea who 's this ? hooper ( o.s. ) Santa Claus .... thea come on , uncle Sean , I know it 's you .... there 's stunne silence at the other end . thea can not figure it out . thea ( continue ) uncle Sean ...? Michael move quickly into the room , he expression etched with confusion and concern . he grab the phone . michael who be this ? 54 int . apartment - day 54 Matt hooper be stand at a window , look out over a city . he feel terrible . hooper Michael ... Jesus , I be sorry . I ... thea think ... I be sorry about Sean ... I be away ... a project at the Antarctic ... I just hear .... 54-a int . house - kitchen - day 54 - a Michael have he arm around thea , who be still on the chair . michael Matt ? hooper ( o.s. ) tell thea I be sorry .... Michael give thea a squeeze and lift she off the chair . she look at she father with concern , then be attract to the noise and laughter in the other room and head for it . hooper ( o.s. ) ( continue ) I do not know what the hell to say .... michael you do not have to say anything , Matt ... I know how you feel .... 54-b int . apartment - day 54 - B Matt be still stare out the window . hooper yeah .... michael ( o.s. ) still chase fish ? hooper still tagging conch ? michael ( o.s. ) we will be do pretty soon .... hooper tricky little devil , be not they ? how 's the degree do ? michael ( o.s. ) inch by inch .... hooper how 's ellen ? 55 the beach - day 55 ellen stand perfectly still , as though hearing something no one else can hear , stare with a fix expression at the ocean . she seem terribly sad . michael ( o.s. ) she have good day and bad ... I do not know .... hooper ( o.s. ) she 's a tough lady .... michael ( o.s. ) I wish there be something I could do .... hooper ( o.s. ) she 's have a lot to deal with ... she need time .... michael ( o.s. ) would you talk to she ? she 's get it in she head that the shark come for he . she still blame it for my father 's death .... hooper ( o.s. ) oh , boy .... 56 int . house - kitchen - day 56 Michael be look out through the door , toward the window where he be watch he mother . michael I miss he , Matt . I still can not believe he 's go . carla ( o.s. ) tell Matt he should be here .... 57 int . apartment - day 57 hooper I wish I be ... remember the Christmas I spend with you on the island ? you be still kid ... Martin put on that stupid Santa Claus suit .... michael ( o.s. ) the stuff come out of the pillow he be wear .... hooper feather all over the place .... michael ( o.s. ) it be like have snow in the house ... Jesus , I miss they . thea ( o.s. ) ( hear yell ) tell uncle Matt my new teddy bear can move its arm and leg . hooper ( beginning to crack ) tell she my teddy bear snore .... 58 int . house - kitchen - day 58 Michael be beginning to cry . the silence build as he and Matt deal with the memory of Sean and Martin . hooper ( o.s. ) ( pull himself together ) let I speak to ellen .... michael I will get she . have a good Christmas , Matt .... hooper ( o.s. ) you too , Michael .... Michael put the phone down and collect himself , then leave . a moment later carla move into the kitchen and pick up the phone . carla I think I would steal a moment with my second favorite marine biologist . hooper ( o.s. ) I be go to bring you back a penguin I could not find one that want to winter in the Bahamas .... she smile , a little . 59 59 through omitted through 63 63 64 ext . house - day 64 ellen stare out to sea , she expression unchange . Michael move out of the house , work to put on a " face " for she . michael Matt 's on the phone . she turn and head for the house , as though Michael 's not there . as she pass , she stop and look at he . ellen I want you to give up you work .... michael Mom , please do not start that again .... ellen you could teach ... you could .... michael I be not go to quit now .... ellen you be all I have leave ... I do not want you go in the water .... he put he hand on she shoulder . michael what I do be perfectly safe . Jake and I be scientist . one of this day we will be phd ... perfectly harmless derelict ... we know what we be do . there 's nothing to worry about . it 's warm water here , remember ? great white hate it ... wrinkle they skin ... make they look like prune .... he smile and she manage a small one in return . michael ( continue ) come on ... you can do better than that . you have get a big one in there somewhere .... her smile grow . michael ( continue ) a little better . but you will have to do better than that . now go talk to Matt . he miss you . he kiss she and she offer a genuine smile , then move into the house . he watch she go , still concerned . 65 omitted 65 66 the beach - day 66 thea and ellen be at the water 's edge , building a sand castle . up the beach , at the point , there 's a speedboat near the shore . hoagie be wading out to it , hold out a envelope , which the man in the boat finally be able to grab . ellen we have to dig it deep so the water will go all the way around ... so we can swim to it .... thea you be silly .... they dig the moat , thea with she shovel . ellen with she hand . ellen it will be Buckingham Palace and you will be princess Di and there will be a big parade of horse Guards and you will ride in a golden carriage . thea giggle and ellen smile she pleasure at be able to do that , even as she begin to shudder , as though she body temperature have suddenly drop thirty degree , and she look out over the water , feel something which fill she with fear . ellen ( quietly ; with conviction ; as though talk to something unseen ) you be come , be not you ...? thea ( o.s. ) who 's come ? ellen look around . thea be still digging . ellen no one . nothing . ( start digging ) we have get to get this finish before the tide come in . thea it 's not nice to be evasive . ellen look at she , still surprised by what she granddaughter be capable of say . the man in the boat look in the envelope as hoagie start wading back to the beach . thea ( continue ) my mother say that to my father . ellen laugh . man in the boat next time do not keep I wait .... hoagie ( shouting ; unhappy ) yeah ... yeah ... yeah .... ellen have turn and watch as the speedboat roar off and hoagie grab he fishing gear and start down the beach toward she . thea keep digging . hoagie ( continue ; as he spot ellen ; a big smile ) hello , ellen .... he wave . she watch as he come closer . hoagie ( continue ) I do not know why I fish here ... never catch anything ... must be a sign under the water ...' beware , hoagie 's here .... ' thea you be the man who drive the plane . ellen ( correct she ) fly the plane .... hoagie mostly it feel like drive . you digging for bury treasure ? thea we be building a sand castle . hoagie set he gear down and squat to take a closer look . he eye thea playfully . hoagie you the architect ? thea I be the artist . like my mother . hoagie grin at she , then eye ellen , who 's look out over the water again , she expression set with forebode . 67 neptune's folly - day 67 conch larva be see under a microscope . jake ( o.s. ) you know why ? that 's what happen when you lead one of that norman rockwell shelter life . that 's what 's wrong with you .... Michael be reveal at the microscope , study the conch larva . a large fish tank , with be fill with they -- they can not be see with the naked eye -- be nearby . michael you can talk ... you be not exactly a deprive kid . next thing you be go to start about go back to you root and that rock reggae crap . cut that hair and you be nothing but a three - piece suit .... Jake be at the bench which hold lab equipment and tool , write figure in a notebook . above he be shelf of bottled , preserve specimen . clarence be drum a native rhythm against a bulkhead . it 's slowly get on Jake 's nerve . jake we have three month of work and approximately no money leave to support it .... clarence spend it all on beer .... Jake give clarence a dirty look and turn back to Michael . jake bahamian Fishery Department be not exactly Fort knox .... he slide the notebook to Michael , who study the figure . jake ( continue ) Office of Naval Research have some money .... michael forget it .... jake money be money .... michael they put bomb on dolphin .... jake I know a guy who get money from they to study eel .... clarence tough to put a bomb on a eel .... Jake give clarence another dirty look . jake ( to Michael ) I be busting my ass to get my degree ... I be tired of all this paradise shit .... Jake move for the cabin door , to the deck above . michael I like it here .... Michael follow Jake . 67-a topside - day 67 - a Jake move above deck . jake a regular tropo ... spend the rest of you life in a bathing suit , live off nickel and dime grant . you want to be a bum all you life , be my guest . not I . I be not grow old chase snail and die from terminal crotch rot .... michael it 's not a bad life , Jake .... jake you be afraid of the competition out there .... clarence ( come topside ; do he drumbeat as he go ) sweet breeze ... sweet woman .... jake ( to clarence ) you have something to say about everything .... clarence keep drum . michael he 's just try to keep you from disappear up you own .... jake you be nothing but a bunch of goddamn romantics . you be never go to amount to anything . Jake head for the dinghy which be tie up next to the boat . jake ( continue ; as he go ) I expect to come back here some day and find you try to teach conch to talk . and knock off that stupid drum .... clarence stop in midbeat , create a pocket of silence for William , who 's just come down the dock carry two six - pack of beer . william I like conch .... Jake give he a dirty look , leave poor William confuse . Michael shake he head , suppress a grin . 68 the beach - day 68 thea work on she sand castle , shaping the building inside the moat . ellen and hoagie sit at the water 's edge , far enough away not to be hear . she stare out at the water . he study she . she look at he finally , try to rationalize the conversation they have already have . ellen I do not know why I have tell you all this . I hardly know you . hoagie sometimes talk to a stranger be easier .... ellen I ... I can not explain it . it 's just something I feel . hoagie I always listen to my feeling .... she shift she gaze back out over the water . ellen sometimes I think I be go crazy . the nightmare .... hoagie it could have be a accident .... ellen ( look at he ) it be no accident .... hoagie I be not say you be wrong , just that there be other possibility .... ellen when it kill Sean it be like a stab in the heart . I know with absolute certainty that it have come for he . I know that . I know it 's come .... she 's move toward the edge , tremble now and he take she hand and hold it between they . ellen ( suddenly ; matter - of - factly ) what 's it cost to take a ride on that plane ...? thea ( o.s. ) the water 's come in ... the water 's come in .... ellen stand and they move together to thea . hoagie depend on where you want to go .... ellen do not matter .... thea hurry ! hoagie just like that ? ellen ( laugh ) just like that .... she turn she attention to thea , who 's help the water fill she moat . 69 int . plane - day 69 hoagie and ellen be side by side in a private aircraft . hoagie ( in the midst of it ) he be strike by lightning , this man , seven time . take he toenail , he shoe , he hat ... set he hair on fire . but it do not kill he . no one could explain that .... she glance at he , amused by he effort to entertain she . ellen how can you just take the plane like this ? hoagie boss ' day off ... take the wheel .... ellen I can not .... hoagie sure you can .... ellen I do not know how .... hoagie no one do till they learn .... he let go of the wheel and the plane start to lose altitude . ellen what be you do ? hoagie if you do not take it , we will be swim in a minute . she hesitates , then grab the wheel in front of she and he put a hand on one of hers and guide the wheel back so the plane level off . she 's grip the wheel so tightly she knuckle be turn white . hoagie ( continue ) easy do it . hold she gently . she will damn near fly herself . she try to relax , and after a few moment , he take he hand off hers . she tense . hoagie ( continue ) it 's just like drive a car .... ellen where do I pull off ...? hoagie ( laugh ) you be do fine . I will keep you out of trouble . relax .... ellen stare straight ahead , try to get the feel of it . ellen where be we go ? he answer with a mischievous grin . ellen ( continue ) I be only do this to get out of my family 's hair .... hoagie one time I be fly supplies up the amazon . go down in the jungle .... ellen you be not go to tell I , be you ? hoagie get pick up by a tribe of head - hunter .... ellen you be impossible .... hoagie they take I to the chief , who take a long look at I , then take I in he hut .... ellen the plane 's turn .... the plane be indeed start to slip into a gentle banking turn . it 's hoagie 's do . he 's nudging he wheel slightly . hoagie in the hut , sit on a pole be a shrunken head . my head . me. she glance at he , then look ahead , not sure whether she 's should be nervous about the plane 's behavior . hoagie ( continue ) it be like look into one of that mirror which say , object may be closer than they appear . Chief say , there be two of everybody in the world and since we already have one of you , the other one can go . ellen laugh . hoagie grin . hoagie ( continue ) how do you like fly ? ellen it 's wonderful .... she ease the plane into more of a turn and enjoy the sensation . she glance at he and he nod that she 's do just fine . hoagie you be crazy , ellen . no matter what anyone say .... she laugh and turn she attention to fly . 70 a island - native quarter - day 70 a native festival , a parade fill with mask and costume dancer and musician and marcher , blast its way through the ancient , narrow street of a early bahamian settlement . hoagie , wear a windbreaker , and ellen , who 's change she clothes , thread they way through the throng , move like salmon upstream against the flow of the mass of humanity move the other way . she 's fascinate by the music and noise and color of what 's around she . hoagie ( yell ) a few more street .... she cast a smile at he , then return she attention to the parade . hoagie navigate they through the crowd . 71 a STREET - day 71 hoagie lead ellen up a street no wider than a alley . the old house seem to lean toward each other . the street be empty because its resident be all at the festival , whose noise follow they as they move away from it . hoagie a few more house .... they move on . 72 ext . house - day 72 ellen watch from the street as hoagie and Charles townsend , a islander , black , talk quietly on the porch . she see hoagie take a small , bulg envelope from he pocket and give it to Charles , who look inside , smile , then put it in he pocket . the two man shake hand . 73 the barge - day 73 Michael and clarence be sit at the edge of it , they foot in the water . William be flanke out near the winch , read . michael ( on the horn ) how many ? jake ( o.s. ) stop busting my hump .... michael oh , it 's okay for you , but not for I .... jake ( o.s. ) I have strike the mother - lode . I be count ... spade work .... 74 beneath the surface - day 74 Jake maneuver the sub above a enormous group of conch , try to take measure of what he 's come across . michael ( o.s. ) I wish you would not say that .... jake what ? michael ( o.s. ) spade 's a garden tool .... Jake look up from he clipboard and see stare at he , the dead black eye of a fish whose pupil look to be about the size of a bowl ball . he freeze , stare back at it . michael ( o.s. ) ( continue ) trouble with you , Jake , be you have no sense of humor .... jake ( find he voice ) Holy shit ! the eye disappear and Jake start look for it . jake ( continue ) get a big fish down here .... 75 the barge - day 75 Michael stand to scan the water and the shark explode out of the water , over the low side of the barge , pass within a few foot of clarence , who freeze , he mouth open with terrify surprise , and go straight for Michael , who throw himself to the deck . the shark miss he by inch , unable to close its great jaw about he because of the width of the barge . as quickly as it appear , the shark be go . 76 the STREET - day 76 hoagie and ellen fight they way across the street , through the festival parade . the noise be deafen . suddenly ellen stop . she shudder as she do on the beach . hoagie look back and see she and thread he way to she , bump into several dancer as he go . she 's stare off into the distance , see something beyond the reach of she vision . hoagie what 's wrong ? ellen nothing .... she look at he and manufacture a smile . ellen ( continue ) I be fine . hoagie no , you be not .... ellen I be terrific ... come on .... she grab he hand and pull he into a group of dancer , pick up they rhythm , try desperately to get into it . he 's force to dance with she , though every bone in he body resist the idea . hoagie ( yell above the din ) give it up .... she ignore he , throw every ounce of energy she have into the dance . hoagie ( continue ; yell ) you can not keep do this .... again she ignore he and he 's bump into and they lose each other for a moment . she dance on and he have to run to catch she . he take she arm and stop she . hoagie ( continue ) I can not keep do this .... the merrymaker pass around they like a river rush past a rock . a band pass they and they can hardly hear themselves think . ellen ( shouting ) you promise I a drink .... hoagie ( shouting back ) shark come and go , ellen . people do not have anything to do with it .... ellen ( shouting ) the kind with a umbrella in it .... hoagie give it up ... kick it in the ass ... get on with you life .... the band pass and the noise settles , momentarily , to a dull roar as more dancer move around they . hoagie ( continue ) I know what you be go through . the nightmare will go away ... ( grin ) I ever tell you about the time I fly the pandas from China to a Zoo ? the lady panda fall in love with I .... ellen start to laugh . she can not stop herself . the music grow louder . he hold out he hand and she look at it , then take it and they look at each other for a long moment . hoagie ( continue ) a drink with a umbrella in it .... ellen a big one .... hoagie a big one .... they push they way through the parade until they disappear from view . 77 77 and omitted and 78 78 79 the barge - day 79 clarence and William , still excited , and not a little frighten , glance at the water as they secure the sub . clarence william never see anything that should have go for big . never ... jake. ( to Michael ) ( to Jake ; I be right next to you . explain the bastard go right himself ) past I .... have you right there . why would it come up ...? Michael be still shaky , try to get control of himself . Jake 's not buy any of it . clarence what the hell 's it do in warm water anyway ...? jake what difference do it make ? it 's here .... Michael turn from the water and look at Jake . jake ( continue ) you guy be make this into some - thing that just be not so ... it 's just a shark . a great big bloody wonderful shark . do not say anything to anyone . the local find out they will panic . they will want to kill it . ( he excitement grow ) we have get we a great white , Michael . we be go to do we some real research .... michael ( quietly ; matter - of - factly ) do not say anything about this to my mother .... Michael look back out over the water . jake oh , shit , man , I be sorry .... he move to Michael . jake ( continue ) I do not mean to run off at the mouth like that . she 's go through a lot . I know you be hurt about you brother .... Michael do not answer . he continue to stare at the sea , he expression fill with ambivalence . Jake put he arm around he . 79-a ext . michael be house - night 79 - a headlights break the darkness as a car pull up . ellen get out . ellen good night .... she shake he hand and start to take it back and he hold it , look at she in a way that suggest he would like more . ellen ( continue ) please , hoagie .... he smile and let go of she hand . hoagie good night , ellen .... the car pull away and ellen start for the house . carla ( 0.s. ) come to bed .... 79 -b int . house - night - bedroom 79 - B Michael stand at the window , in the dark , watch he mother . he 's see and hear it all . carla be in bed . carla he take she sightseeing . you work .. . I work ... she need someone to help take she mind off thing .... he look at she , he expression troubled . she smile and pat the bed next to he . carla ( continue ) I will take you mind off thing , sailor .... he find a small smile and move to she open arm . can be hear move into the house . 80 int . casino - night 80 play card settle softly on a feel table . blackjack hand be be deal to five player . louisa deal , she fast hand expertly distribute the last of the " up " card . she deal she own , then glance past the player as they study they card . Jake , carla , ellen and Michael , all dress for a big night out , . stand in back of the player . Jake point to he watch impatiently . jake ( mouth the word silently ) how much longer ? this be suppose to be you party . louisa ( mouth back ; smile ) in a few minute .... louisa start deal the first " hit . " Michael glance about . he seem on edge . michael I will check the table .... Michael leave , head for another room . ellen watch he go , expose she concern for he troubled mood . carla ( to ellen ) you want to try you hand at something ...? ellen I would be afraid of lose .... jake I be afraid of win . I would not know what to do with the money .... carla fat chance , cowboy .... Jake grin as a groundswell of excitement carry across the room , which be fill with gambler and decoration for New Year 's Eve . the joint be jump . they look for its source and see hoagie at the crap table , accept the congratulation of that around he . he smile as a large pile of chip be rake in front of he , add to the pile he already have . irma , a islander , light - skinned who 's dress in a low - cut satin gown with sequin , be hang on he . carla ( continue ) come on ... I want to see .... Jake , ellen on one arm , carla on the other , move across the room as hoagie roll again , and win again . 81 the crap table 81 hoagie see they approach as the pile of chip in front of he grow . he smile at ellen , as he 's give the dice again . irma give ellen a look . the excitement at the table be high . bet be be place . everyone be eyeing hoagie , who be slightly " piss " and have a mischievous glint in he eye . hoagie couple of more pass and I will buy my own airplane .. Hell , maybe my own airline .... ellen ( eyeing the chip ) you be not go to bet it all .... hoagie all or nothing . you want to roll they for I ? ellen no ! irma do not know what to make of hoagie 's interest in ellen . hoagie grin , close he eye for a moment , make he secret incantation , then open they , smile once more at ellen and roll . the dice skip down the table , bounce off the other end and settle . a soft moan go up from the people around the table . hoagie 's grin waver , then be restore . irma have just see she big night go up in smoke . house man ( o.s. ) snake eye .... ellen be that bad ? hoagie depend on you point of view .... he push he chip toward the center of the table , accept condolence from a few of the player , then step away .. hoagie ( continue ) it be theirs anyway . I 11 buy we all a drink .... jake we will buy you one . we be have a party .... carla louisa 's birthday .... hoagie on New Year 's Eve ? carla beat Halloween .... they all start for the lounge . louisa be see talk to she relief dealer . irma take hoagie 's arm . ellen ( to Jake ) when do you and louisa get to see each other ? between you work day and she work night . ... jake ( laugh ) I get she at two in the morning , when she 's at she best . besides , how many marine biologist can cut card with one hand and fan a deck .... they thread they way through the game table . jake ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) she 's the Albert Einstein of gambling . quote the odd on every game in the house .... 82 the lounge - night 82 a trio play softly . a dozen couple dance . the table be full . hat , horn and decoration be everywhere . ellen , hoagie , irma , Michael , carla , Jake and louisa , who 's have time to make a fast change and look terrific , wait as shirley , they waitress , set the last of they drink on the table . shirley on the house .... Jake grin at she , then at the other . jake I know there be a reason I could afford this . ( toast louisa ) to the woman of my dream .. who grow more beautiful .... louisa here it come .... jake who grow more beautiful .... louisa here come the cow ca-ca .... jake ( press on ) more beautiful with each pass minute ... louisa I tell you .... jake now wait a minute ... I be be serious here .... louisa oh , Jake ... ( smile ) jake happy birthday , darling . ... they raise they glass in a chorus of " happy birthday , " then drink . louisa grin , then eye Jake . louisa do not go weak in the knee on I tonight .... jake I just want to make a honest woman of you .... louisa I be not go to marry you until you straighten out you life and you hair . irma watch it all , she gaze shifting from face to face as though she 's watch a tennis match . carla at least he do not have a beard .... ellen ( to louisa ) do you enjoy deal blackjack ? jake she 's in management .... louisa I be training to .... jake manage the whole damn place some day . I be look forward to live in the style to which I would like to become accustom .... louisa I would have to manage a nookie parlor to do that .... hoagie roar . ellen laugh . carla nearly spit out she drink . irma 's not sure what 's go on . hoagie I know a piano player once who .... carla never mind . Michael eye hoagie , none too pleased that he 's join they . hoagie smile at he and Michael smile back steadily , a kind of challenge . louisa you want to marry I , you ' be go to have to straighten out you life .... ellen ( get into it ) he look perfectly responsible to I .... louisa Jake 's idea of responsibility end with dress himself in the morning .... ellen ( teasing ) well , I think he 's cute .... jake woman have taste .... louisa when he have a pillow over he head .... jake you want to be careful how you talk to I ... I be about to become famous ... you should see .... michael louisa ( almost come no shop talk ... you out of he promise .... chair ) Jake ! jake ( catch himself ) sorry .... Michael start to breathe again . hoagie stand . hoagie ( to ellen ) would you suffer through a dance with I ? ellen ( stand ) you will be sorry . Michael shift he gaze from Jake , who he 's angry at , to hoagie and he mother , a situation that 's create fresh alarm . they be move to the dance floor . irma be abjectly unhappy . hoagie I have two right foot . ellen good . I have two leave .... carla ( to Michael ) will you lighten up . this be suppose to be a party .... louisa my party .... jake he 's depressed because he 's start to count conch when he go to sleep .... Michael cast a unhappy look at Jake , then stand . michael Excuse I .... he head for the dance floor . 83 the dance floor 83 ellen smile at hoagie , catch up in the story he 's start tell she . he stop when he see Michael head for they . she see she son . michael ( as lightly as he can ) mind if I cut in ? you date 's lonely .... hoagie the world would be a better place if more son dance with they mother . hoagie return to the table and Michael and ellen start dance . michael ( finally ; a trace of sarcasm ) you be have a good time .... ellen I be . Michael eye hoagie , who 's join the other , already get catch up in they conversation . ellen ( continue ) stop pout . you look like you do when you be six and do not get something you want . he look at she . ellen ( continue ) I enjoy he company .... michael I do not like he chase around after you ... I do not trust he .... ellen he 's not chase and I be not run . and that 's ridiculous .... Michael clam up and she study he . ellen ( continue ) I have be a pain in the ass and I be sorry . he look at she quizzically . ellen ( continue ) I be not go to bother you anymore about you work .... michael you be not a pain in the ass .... ellen will you let I finish . I have be work on this all day . she smile at he , then become serious . ellen ( continue ) you brother 's death almost kill I . I m not sure I will ever get over it . but I can not allow myself to keep on believe it be intentional . I be not go to let a obsession run my life . Michael stare at he mother uncomfortably . ellen ( continue ) it 's not easy . none of it be . I have to find some way to get on with my life and I be go to try . I finally figure that out . I be go to do my best .... michael good . he do not seem all that happy . ellen that 's it ? good ... I think you would break out the champagne .... michael I be pleased . I really be . really .... ellen no more shark . I will stay for another week , then .... michael you just get here .... ellen ( laugh ) Children be never satisfied . I have my house , my friend , my job ... my life , Michael . I have to live it . besides , I will be back . now show you mother what a good dancer you be . she rest she head on he shoulder and they dance on . his expression reveal confusion . he 's catch between she effort to get rid of a idea and he suspicion that it may be true . 84 the dock - day 84 Michael walk from the Jeep to Neptune 's folly . it 's the beginning of a new day and he have not sleep and look terrible . 85 neptune's folly - day 85 he board she , look for clarence and William . michael where be everybody ? jake ( 0.s. ) down here .... Michael head for the cabin . 86 below deck - day 86 Jake be at the bench , solder wire into a small cylin - drical device . another device like it be nearby on the bench along with several small speaker and a oscilloscope . michael what happen to clarence and ...? jake gave they the day off .... Michael move to the bench , not sure what 's go on . he watch Jake work . michael what for ? we have get a job to finish ... why be you make the monitor ? jake as the sun slowly set in the West , we bid a fond farewell to the family of conch .... as Jake speak he press the barb from the monitor to Michael 's chest and the sound of he heart be hear over a speaker and its rhythm be see on the oscilloscope . michael ( piss off ) what the hell be you talk about ? Jake put the barb against he chest and he heart be hear and see . jake we be out of money , partner .. we wrap it up , write it up and turn it in ... how come you heart sound stronger than mine ? you get two of they ...? michael we do not write up anything until we be do .... jake okay .. . we be do , man .... michael when we get the grant .... jake when I get the grant ..... michael when I sign on .... jake when I invite you ... michael we get it together , Jake .... jake okay ... we get it together .... michael ( voice rise ) we have at least three month ' work leave . we can not write a report ... we do not know enough .... jake we have get a rare bird here , Michael . great white do not come to the Bahamas . there 's never be one down here before . I be not just go to let it swim away . michael my name go on that report . it 's a half - ass job , I do not get my doctorate . neither do you .... jake the shark will get it for we . Michael take a hard look at he , then start to leave . jake ( continue ) I think we be plan a long rosy future together . michael so do I .... Jake go after he . jake hey ! he grab Michael and they face each other . jake ( continue ) even if it 's there , it will not be around forever . it will figure out the water 's too warm and take off . we will never get this chance again .... it 's what we be train for , for Christ 's sake . it 's why you spend all that time on the book .... he look at Michael , who 's hesitate . jake ( continue ; grin ) we will give it a few day , then it 's back to the snail . indulge I , Michael .... there 's a long moment of silence as the two man stare at each other . michael ( finally ) I do not know shit about electronics .... jake ( laugh ) you do not know shit about anything . time you learn .... 87 ext . house - day 87 carla ( o.s. ) ( yell ) this be the third time this month you have forget to take it out . she appear around the corner haul a large plastic bag of garbage , head for the street . michael ( o.s. ) I have a lot on my mind .... he appear behind she , engage in the same task . carla it do not take much to remember what day they come .... michael my brain be shrink . there 's only so much room . carla do not give I that preoccupy scientist crap . I be try to get ready for .... michael I think artist work with they subconscious .... she give he a dirty look as they deposit the garbage bag in they " pickup " spot . he try out a smile on she . it 's not work today . michael ( continue ) how come it 's my responsibility ? carla because .... she start for she studio . michael oh , okay . now I understand . all you have to do be explain it . she ignore he and he watch she , frustrated , until she move inside . then he start after she . 88 int . studio - day 88 she grab she welder 's mask , then fire up she torch . he enter . michael ( before he 's see ) I take out the garbage , because ... I be glad we get that straighten out .... carla we do not have anything straighten out . you be uptight about something ... what 's wrong ? michael why should there be anything wrong ? I be sit around the house , enjoy my day off and you start yell at I about garbage .... she give he a hard , steady look which say , there 's more to it than garbage . michael ( continue ; quietly ) what the hell be we argue about ? carla I do not know ... you ... I do not know . he move toward she and she hold the torch toward he . michael no fair , I be not armed . carla then do not come any closer . michael turn it off .... carla no .... michael off .... carla I have work .... michael I have always want to make love to a angry welder . I have dream of nothing else since I be a small boy . she can not help smile . she turn the torch off and he move the rest of the way to she and kiss she . carla ( murmure ) Close the door . michael they be at the beach .... she kiss he this time . 59 the barge - day 59 Jake be secure to the davit with a line . Michael be tie another line around he waist . clarence and William be chumm the water with meat and blood . several large chunks of horse meat be on line , over the side . Jake hold a long pole to which the heart monitoring device , with its barb , be attach . the big boat , they float lab , be secure to one side of the barge . michael you sure you have do this before ? jake lot of time .... Michael test the knot , then Jake move to the edge of the barge and lean out as far as he can . michael and it 's always work ? jake ( grin back at he ) so far .. clarence it 's come .... they see the fin make its way toward the barge . Michael tense , move back toward the center of the barge until the line he 's hold go taut . Jake , the pole hold high , watch as the shark get closer , he body tensing as he get ready . Michael be rigid , mesmerize with the approach shark , he expression fill with what he 's wonder -- will it try to get he ? jake you remember how to pull a rope ...? Michael look at Jake blankly , then stare at the oncoming shark , which come closer and closer , then , at the last moment roll to its side and open its great jaw and go for the horse meat . Jake wait until the shark 's underside be at its most expose , then ram the pole into it , then pull it back quickly . jake ( continue ) hot damn ! we get it ! Michael be still transfix . Jake look back at he . jake now would be a good time .... Michael remember he job and pull Jake back to the barge . the shark , a thirty - pound piece of horse meat in its mouth , roll away , disappear beneath the surface . jake ( continue ) let 's see if the damn thing work .... 90 waterfront cafe - day 90 the ocean be like a blue-green lake , its placid surface reflect the early afternoon sun . hoagie ( 0.s. ) you do not have to go .... ellen stare out at the water , she expression wistful . hoagie ( o.s. ) ( continue ) you do not have to do anything you do not want to .... she turn to hoagie , who 's sit across the table from she . he sip he coffee and study she . she look past he to the other who be still eat lunch . hoagie ( continue ) we little island seem to agree with you .... ellen I have my own little island . hoagie but it get cold in winter .... she smile at that and sip she coffee . hoagie ( continue ) I try winter once . burlington , vermont . flew a run to New York . I have a bone in my foot that still have not thaw . when I be a small boy .... ellen that 's hard to imagine .... hoagie ( grin ) I dream about always be warm ... stay a while .... his tone of voice cause she to look at he quizzically . hoagie ( continue ) I could take some time off .... ellen you be always take time off .... hoagie I like to travel .... she smile and he return it . hoagie ( continue ) I will nick the boss ' plane again .... ellen what ? hoagie ( grin ) I borrow it without tell he .... ellen wo not you get in trouble ...? hoagie only if he find out ... it 's a short hop to the Caribbean . we could take a few day .... ellen there must be plenty of woman who would be glad to go .... hoagie there be ... I be tired of one - way conversation .... they look at each other for a long moment . hoagie ( continue ) I have this overwhelming desire to kiss you , ellen brody . ellen ( she cheek flooding with color ) why ? hoagie ( laugh ) because it would not occur to you to know why . blush suit you .... ellen I be sorry ... i.... hoagie there 's nothing to be sorry about . ellen the whole idea be preposterous .... his expression take on the color of he feeling . he like this woman , a lot . hoagie I do not think so .... she 's flustered and unsure how to respond . ellen ( finally ; try to make light of it ) you sure you do not need glass ? hoagie my vision be perfect .... he lean across the table and kiss she . 90-a neptune's folly - day 90 - a the shark 's heartbeat be hear , then see on the scope . Jake glance at it , then at Michael , who 's at the wheel . jake what be we get out of this old bucket ? michael what she 's get . nine knot .... jake ( mutter ) shit .... he turn he attention back to the scope . the heartbeat line be beginning to flatten . Jake climb up on the boom and scan the water . Michael do the same from he position at the wheel . he look to Jake , who 's shield he eye against the glare , hold the mast with he other hand . michael ( finally ) how long have you know hoagie ? jake what ? michael how long have you know hoagie ? jake what the hell do hoagie have to do with this ? michael how long ? jake as long as he 's be here .... Jake turn he attention back to the water . the sound of the heartbeat be grow weaker . jake bring she to starboard . michael ( turn the wheel ) how long have he be here ...? jake who ? michael hoagie . jake I do not remember . one day he be just here .... michael what do you know about he ? Jake check the ekg scope . the line be nearly flat . the heartbeat be a whisper . michael ( continue ) he 's after my mother .... Jake laugh , look at Michael as though he 's crazy . michael ( continue ) what 's so funny about that ? jake you think he 's not good enough for she ? you be right . if she be my mother , I would send she home right now . he turn he attention back to the scope , then scan the water . jake ( continue ) bring she about . we be head in the wrong direction .... michael half the pilot down here fly drug ... he 's always go off .... jake half do not ... bring she about .... michael I be ... you must know something about he .... jake he gamble ... he like a good time ... I see he around .... michael I hear he fly a lot of private charter .... the heartbeat have stop and Jake snap around to look at the scope . the line be dead flat . he 's stunne . jake we lose it .... michael maybe the gear crap out .... jake if you have not be gassing about hoagie .... michael maybe it 's go .... Jake give he a angry look , then start fiddling with the gear . finally , in he frustration , he bang it with he hand . Michael seem quietly relieved . jake we will look for it tomorrow .... Michael do not respond . 90 -b int . studio - day 90 - B carla work on she sculpture , secure a large piece of metal near the top with a wrench , tightening huge chrome nut . ellen ( 0.s. ) all he do be kiss I .... carla ( smile ) it 's beginning .... ellen be at the base of the sculpture , watch carla , she back to the door . ellen beginning of what ? carla ( laugh ) whatever happen next ..... ellen I always think when I grow up I would know what to do about thing like this ... I do not even know if he 's serious .... neither of they see thea , who 's move into the studio and have decide not to announce herself . carla give it some time , ellen ... see what happen . ellen part of I want to go off with he , the rest of I could not ... I do not know why he want I .... carla maybe he 's get good taste ... I do not think he 's spend much time with a woman like you .... ellen I do not know what he think ... I do not know what I think ... I do not even know why I be talk about it ... ( laugh ) it 's silly ... I be get too old for this sort of thing .... she spot thea and stop suddenly . carla follow she gaze . thea you say it be not polite to interrupt people .... carla yes , I do . thea it 's time for tea , grandma . ellen I almost forget .... thea I do not . thea move to ellen , offer she hand , which ellen take . thea ( continue ) I put everything in my room . my teddy bear be join we . ellen ( to carla ) thanks for the consultation .... carla Office hour , nine to five . rates go up after cocktail .... the two woman smile at each other , then ellen leave with thea and carla return to she work . 90-c int . house - kitchen - night 90 - C Michael stand at the window , look out at the night . he 's troubled . he clasp he hand behind he back , unaware that thea be stand behind he , she troubled expression a mirror of he , she hand behind she back , she tiny foot spread apart exactly like he . he scratch he cheek unconsciously and she do the same . she check he facial expression and reset hers . he sigh and she sigh and he hear and look down , surprised to see she , then notice that she 's assume he body posture in every way . he make a funny face and she make one back and he smile and she return it . thea uncle Sean could make funny face .... he snatch she up off the floor and hug she , hold onto she tightly . ellen watch from the doorway , unobserve , she concern for she son etched into she expression . he see she and she offer a quick smile . ellen ( to thea ) time for bed , peanut .... Michael give he daughter a kiss and put she down and she move to she grandmother . ellen ( continue ) I will be in to read you a story . thea good night , daddy .... michael good night , dear heart .... thea leave and Michael take a beer from the refrigerator and move to the table where three empty can be line up neatly . he pop the top of the new one and take a long drink , then sit and return to the write of he report on they conch project . there be several open textbooks and several notebook in front of they . ellen ( finally ) it 's late .... michael try to write we report .... ellen you look tired .... michael I be fine .... she study he as he try to write . ellen I see you and thea .... he look up , make it clear that he do not want to talk . she see it but press on . ellen ( continue ) you and Sean use to make .... michael I have to get this finish . ellen I be leave in a few day . I do not want to do that with you unhappy .... michael I m not unhappy . frustrate maybe ... discourage a little . it will work out .... ellen I be worried .. we have not have we .... michael there 's nothing to worry about .... ellen ( smile ) I be you mother . it 's my job .... he offer a small smile , then go back to work . ellen ( continue ) you look just like you father ... the first time the shark come to amity .... michael I do not want to talk about that . ellen it 's a terrible thing to know some - thing no one else want to believe . michael ( angry ) I be tired of hearing about it . there 's no shark . Sean be not kill by the same shark .. dad do not die because of it ... it 's all wrong ... some fantasy you have concoct ... you keep bring it up . he go back to work , ignore she . she want to say more but stop herself . instead she start look through the refrigerator . ellen ( finally ; quietly ) you hungry ? michael no . she watch he , she expression sad and fill with concern . 90-d the water - night 90 - D the surface be searched , as though something be be look for . the shark be see , swim , just swim , its fin slice through the water as though it 's hearing its own music . then , without warning , it attack , come straight at we , its great jaw open wide , roll to one side as it come for the kill -- its great row of tooth envelop we , close down on we , consume we , until it go dark . 90-e int . house - bedroom - night 90 - E Michael wake with a fearful start , he eye open wide . 90-f thea' room - night 90 - F ellen lunge upright , she expression set with terror . 90-g michael be room - night 90 - G Michael tremble . he can not stop it . 90-h thea' room - night 90 - h ellen struggle to control she breathe . she 's close to hyperventilate . 91 beneath the water - day 91 Michael search for conch , move slowly through the water . 92 neptune's folly / the barge - day 92 Jake watch the scope , which be dead flat . there 's no sound come from the speaker next to it . clarence and William , on the barge , search the surface of the water with binocular . 92-a beneath the water - day 92 - a Michael continue to search for conch . from he point of view , the water be clear , fill only with colorful fish and streak of sunlight from above . then he spot a small group of conch . michael I have get about a half dozen ... I be go to tag they . you hearing anything ? jake ( 0.s. ) nothing .. but stay within a quarter mile ... I have get a three - mile radius on the monitor . if he come back I will hear he . you will have time to get up . 92-b neptune's folly / the barge - day 92 - B Jake glance at clarence and William , who continue to search visually for sign of the shark . jake ( into the phone ) look like .... the sound of the shark 's heartbeat suddenly pound out of the speaker , stop Jake in midsentence . jake ( continue ) I have get he ... bring it in .... 92-c beneath the water - day 92 - C Michael be turn the sub as quickly as he can , look around frantically for the shark . there 's nothing to be see . 92-d neptune's folly - day 92- D the heartbeat be come stronger . the line on the scope be fluctuate wildly . jake Michael , get you ass up here ... now ! 93 beneath the water - day 93 the sub move toward the barge , make its way slowly -- to the eye almost leisurely , even though it 's go full out . michael I be come ... how close be it ? jake ( 0.s. ) Close ... I do not know ... just get the hell .... 93-a the barge - day 93 - a clarence suddenly go rigid . clarence there it be .... from he point of view , see through binocular , the fin slice through the water . 93-b beneath the water - day 93 - B Michael push the sub to its limit , when suddenly it 's hit and Michael 's tooth be rattle as the sub be knock through the water . michael ( yell ) Jake ! Jake ! the shark hit the sub again , he great jaw tear into the canopy and prop , damaging the sub badly . it turn then and almost leisurely swim away , its mouth bleed , its head rake with cut . Michael eye it , then the nearby wreck and push himself free of the sub , swim as fast as he can toward the freighter . the shark turn and start after he , close the distance rapidly as Michael make for a open in the wreck 's hull . jake ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) Michael ! can you hear I .... 94 neptune's folly - day 94 Jake be watch the scope . the line indicate a heart that 's go crazy . the heartbeat from the speaker be booming . jake be you all right , Michael ? what 's go on ? 95 beneath the water - day 95 Michael swim the last few foot to the wreck , move through a hole in its hull just as the shark be about to get he . 96 int . wreck - day 96 Michael swim into a corridor which be fill with light come from one end . he turn and look back at the hole . the shark be go . he look up and down the corridor , then start swim away from the light . the corridor begin to turn dark as a huge black shadow fill the other end . Michael sense something and look back and see the shadow of the shark against the wall . he freeze as the shadow move toward he , finally cover he face . the shark come closer and Michael start back up . the shark move closer , almost lazily open its jaw as it prepare to devour he . Michael keep back up , then trip and fall backwards through a door , he arm come up as he try to stop himself . his fall take he down into a room . Light flood into it from above . he gather himself and look up . there 's no sign of the shark . he look about quickly , take measure of he situation , then the light above be black out as the shark swim slowly over the room . Michael watch , barely breathe , until the light return . he listen and look and wait . the silence build . where the hell be it ? 96-a 96-a through omitted through 98 98 99 the barge - day 99 the submersible pop to the surface , its ballast tank destroy by the shark . Water pour from the space Michael occupy . the heartbeat continue to be hear . Jake , clarence and William stare at the sub . jake get the bang stick . we be go down . clarence bang stick be like yell at it .... jake we be go down . all of we .... clarence start move quickly to the boat . clarence ( as he go ) they will not kill it .... jake we will divert it ... we will do something .... William be break out wet suit . he throw one to Jake . jake ( continue ) screw the wet suit . no time .... Jake get out the air tank and regulator . jake ( continue ) we will do something ... Michael 's down there . get the lead out .... 100 int . wreck - day 100 Michael eye the open above he . that , and the door he fall through , be the only way in or out . his breathe have return to normal . he take off he air tank , handle it with care . there 's a explosion of wood and metal next to he and the shark burst through the bulkhead . quickly Michael pull the regulator , blow the air from the tank , and ride upward on the force of air come from the bottle , just barely escape the great jaw . he shoot up through the open above he , rip he arm against the side of the open as he pass through and the water start to fill with blood . 101 the water / the barge - day 101 Jake , clarence and William have they air tank strapped on . they each hold bang stick and be get ready to go in , when Michael explode up above the surface right in front of they , gasp for air . Jake jump in the water and grab Michael and clarence and William pull Michael aboard and Jake climb up after he . Michael crawl away from the edge of the barge . he 's shaking . Jake move to he . clarence and William gather around . jake be you all right ? Michael do not answer and Jake look at he with concern . 102 omitted 102 103 int . house - bedroom - night 103 Michael sit bolt upright , as though he 's be discharge from a gun . he 's sweat . carla sleep peacefully next to he . he get himself under control and leave the bed . 104 the bathroom - night 104 the light come on and Michael look at himself in the mirror , not sure he recognize the image stare back at he his arm be bandage where he cut himself escape from the shark . he can hear he own heart beat . 104-a the submersible / the barge / neptune's folly - day 104 - a Michael be in the sub . Jake , clarence and William stand at the side of the barge . the sub be tape together and have no canopy . jake it 's my turn in the barrel , man .... michael you fall off a horse , you get right back on or you do not ride again .... jake I do not like it .... michael I do not ask you to .... jake what about carla 's gig ? michael I be go down , Jake .... jake she 's not go to like it .... Michael put he regulator in he mouth and start slowly to move away and down beneath the surface . Jake watch for a moment , a unhappy man , then move quickly to the monitor and scope on the boat . clarence and William take up they station with binocular . clarence I hope the man know what he 's do .... jake he know what he have to do .... Jake 's expression bely he word . he 's deeply concerned . 105 105 through omitted through 115 115 116 beneath the water - day 116 Michael have already spot a group of conch . he park the sub and quickly get to work tagging they . he look about quickly as though something be come up behind he . there 's nothing there . he finish and return to the sub and maneuver it up off the ground and continue he search for more conch . michael you get a read on they ? jake ( o.s. ) I live to hear the sound ... you all right ? michael what about the monitor ...? you get anything on the shark ? jake ( o.s. ) nothing ... hey Michael ... you know I be think about yesterday . maybe all that be wrong be he be hungry .... michael how come only I ? jake ( o.s. ) maybe he only like white meat .... michael funny , Jake ... funny . jake ( o.s. ) just try to be helpful .... as Jake speak , the head of a moray eel explode out of a rock crevice right in front of Michael and he heart nearly stop . 118 the public beach - day 118 the beach and water be crowded with sunbather and swimmer , with several banana boat and sailfish . up from the beach , a short distance away , a crowd have gather to witness the unveil of carla 's statue . the Mayor of the island , Mr. witherspoon , a dignify black man , be in the midst of he dedication speech . the statue loom behind he , shroud beneath its cloth . carla , ellen , thea and louisa , who tote a camera , along with several local " big - wig " stand next to he . louisa witherspoon where the hell be they ? something we look at every day , something we think carla beautiful ... something that they will be here .... make we stop and ponder ... something that make we carla search the water for question the wonder of life a moment , then turn she even that become unique attention back to the speech . when it fall to the she 's very unhappy about artist 's eye .... Michael 's absence . thea , who 's bored stiff , eye a group of friend get ready to go out on a banana boat , a long " hotdog " which five rider straddle , hold onto grip in front of they . thea witherspoon ( 0.s. ) ( tug ( continue ) at carla ) Art transform the ordinary can I go on the banana boat ? into the unique ... a sunset Margaret 's go . she 's for example .... with she mother . carla see what thea 's talk about , and she see how bored she be . carla witherspoon ( 0.s. ) okay ... be careful .... ( continue ) we see a sunset in all its thea glory , yet the artist see I will .... something that be not there for the rest of we .... thea run to join she friend , yell at they to wait as she tear across the beach . ellen watch with concern . carla see it . carla witherspoon ( 0.s. ) banana boat be fun .... ( continue ) something from the inner louisa eye ... I would go with she if I could .... ( pause ) today we be privileged carla to dedicate a work of art thanks .... that reflect the true spirit , the free expression louisa of life here in the what be friend for ...? Bahamas .... carla look at Mr. witherspoon cross-ey and louisa stifles a laugh and the two woman exchange smile . then carla look at ellen , who manage a small smile , then turn she attention back to thea , who 's take the last empty seat , one from the back , just in front of Margaret 's mother . witherspoon ( o.s. ) carla brody , a grand addition to we community , a artist of grow reputation , be commission to express we way of life in permanent form .... the boat take off behind its speedboat and the kid in it begin to shriek , thea loudest of all . witherspoon ( o.s. ) ( continue ) so that whoever visit we public beach will be able to share in that spirit . ellen continue to watch thea , Mr. witherspoon signal to carla and she move forward to join he . witherspoon ( continue ) lady and gentleman , carla brody .... applause greet she introduction and she nod and smile she thanks , then she and Mr. witherspoon both take hold of the cord which will pull the cloth from the statue . louisa begin to video tape the proceedings . someone get in she way and she say something , then jostle for better position . ellen eye thea as the banana boat make a sweeping turn and head back across the water in front of they . as Mr. witherspoon and carla pull the cord , ellen see the fin pop up out of the water behind the banana boat . as the cloth come free of the statue , the crowd break into loud , anticipatory applause . it cover ellen 's scream . she start run for the beach , yell as she go . the fin move closer to the boat . the applause begin to trickle away as the crowd begin to realize the nature of the huge abstract work of art . they do not understand it . Mr. witherspoon look at it quizzically . ellen 's scream be hear now and carla see she run along the beach , wave she arm . then she see what ellen see , the fin , and she and louisa and the other start run . 119 the banana boat - day 119 Margaret 's mother see what 's go on on the beach and finally look in back of she and see the fin and then the shark as it come up out of the water for thea . she grab the child , push she forward , put herself in the way . the shark rip into she and she 's pull into the water , then beneath it . thea scream , but nothing come out . Air start leak from the inflatable boat . the water around it start fill with blood . ellen watch she granddaughter , horrify . dozen of people line the water 's edge around she , yell , crowd around as the speedboat bring what 's leave of the banana boat to shore . thea and the other two kid and remain adult be hold on for dear life as they be drag through the water . carla , with louisa at she heel , wade out toward they , frantic , yell .... carla thea ... I be here , thea ... mommy 's here .... ellen stare at the sea , then at she granddaughter , who carla have reach . when she see that thea be in one piece , unseen by anyone , she move back through the crowd and start away . she walk deliberately , then begin to march . finally she break into a run and disappear from view . 121 the big boat / the dock - day 121 as a hand fumble with a key and finally get it into the engine , the distant sound of sing be hear . the key be turn and the michael and jake ( o.s. ) engine crank over a few ( sing ) time , then start , ' I find my thrill on drown out the sing . blueberry Hill -- on blueberry Hill -- when I find you . the moon stand still on blueberry Hill .... ' ellen move to the bow and cast off , throw the line to the dock . she do the same at the stern , then experiment with the clutch and the boat start pull away . 122 the water / the boat - day 122 from another point of view , a point of land at the end of the beach where Michael and Jake live , the boat be see head out into the Atlantic . 123 ext . jake' house - back porch day 123 a dozen beer bottle be line up on the rail of the porch . Michael and Jake 's foot be see rest on the rail near they . michael and jake ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) '... I find my thrill on blueberry Hill .... michael ( 0.s. ) I do not like that song .... jake ( 0.s. ) you do not know the word .... they be sit side by side , both hold bottle of beer , both half in the bag . they both take long swallow at the same time . jake ( continue ; grin ; sing ) a moray eel ... a moray eel .... michael ( sing ) ' it be so ugly ... it be so big .... ' jake ( sing ) 'a moray eel .... ' michael ( sing ) ' snuck up on I .... ' jake ( sing ) ' it get we in hot water ... we should have be there for carla .... ' the mention of it , the memory of what cause he to miss the ceremony , he need to confront he fear , all make he suddenly unhappy . michael shit .... jake do not be so down , man . money 's go ... shark 's go ... we be back to conch ... we have get it make .... michael shove it .... jake you will be the eternal tropo ... the old man and the sea ... know the word to this one ? ( sing ; " mack the knife " ) ' oh , the shark have pretty tooth , dear , and he show they pearly white ... ' michael stop that ! jake you do not like my voice ...? michael I do not like the song . jake tough shit . ( sing ) ' when the shark bite with he tooth , dear ... ' Michael stand and grab Jake in a single motion . michael I tell you .... Jake grab Michael 's shirt . he 's still sit . jake you tell I what ? michael screw you , Jake .... Michael pull away and start off . michael ( continue ) screw you .... Jake laugh as Michael storm off . jake ( sing ) ' oh , the shark have pretty tooth , dear .... ' his grin fade as Michael disappear from view . he take a swallow of beer , then mutter , " sorry ... " alone he seem as unhappy as Michael . 124 the boat / the water - day 124 the boat be well out into the ocean now there 's no land in sight . ellen be a tiny figure at the wheel . she stand straight and tall . 125 ext . michael be house - day 125 he complete the short walk from Jake 's and enter he house . michael ( as he enter ) carla ? 126 int . house - day 126 he move inside , look for people . michael carla ! Mom ? he look in a room , then move on . michael ( continue ) thea ? he move toward he daughter 's room . 127 thea' room - day 127 Michael look in and come up short . he see carla on thea 's bed , rock they daughter gently in she arm . thea 's eye be wide open , she expression blank . louisa sit in a chair next to they . carla ( hiss a whisper ) where have you be ...? michael what 's wrong ? what happen ? carla thea be attack by a shark .... Michael be stunne . he can not believe it . carla the doctor say she should be all right ... she 's in shock .... michael but it go away ... we would have know .... louisa what go away ? michael we be do research . it disappear . we think .... carla you know ...? michael it go away .... he move to the bed , to look at he daughter , who stare past he , as though he 's not there . it break he heart . michael ( continue ; softly ) sweetheart .... carla ( furious ) she could have be kill ... you know and you do not tell we ... you let you mother think .... michael where be she ? carla how could you do that ? you own daughter .... michael where 's my mother ? carla I do not know .... he start from the room . carla ( continue ) why do not you tell we ? ( break ; enraged ) why do not you tell we ? michael ( look back ) I be sorry . please , carla . I do not think there be any danger . I be sorry . I love you . both of you . it suddenly strike he . he know where he mother have go . he go to the window . 128 the dock - day 128 from the window , from Michael 's point of view , he see that the boat be go . he run from the room , pass louisa , who look at he angrily . louisa where 's Jake ? he do not answer . 129 ext . house - day 129 he run from the house and head for the dock . michael ( yell as he go ) Jake ! Jake ! 130 omitted 130 131 the big boat - day 131 ellen steer the boat at full throttle , out farther into the Atlantic , scan the water for the shark , determina - tion set deeply into she expression . 132 the point - day 132 hoagie be set up to fish from the point at the end of the beach where Michael and Jake live . he check he bait and hook , then cast , then see the dinghy head toward he . 133 the dinghy / the point - day 133 Jake ride in the bow . Michael steer . they see hoagie , and Jake start wave at he . jake ( yell ) you see we boat ? hoagie michael ( yell ) ( yell ) I just get here .... my mother take it .... hoagie ( yell ) I hope she 's a good sailor .... jake ( yell ) a shark attack thea and some kid ... she 's go after it .... hoagie michael ( yell ) ( yell ) she 's go after it ...? we have get to stop she .... hoagie understand what 's go on and start reeling in . hoagie ( yell ) you be go after she in that ? you be crazy ... it will take all day in that bathtub .... jake ( yell ) you get a better idea ...? 134 the airport - day 134 a small , low - wing aircraft take off . 135 int . plane - day 135 hoagie be already turn to head out over the water . Michael be strain to see the ocean . they have to yell to be hear over the din of the engine . Jake ride next to hoagie . hoagie when we find she we will radio she position ... the Coast Guard will pick she up . do not worry .... jake she will be all right , partner .. she will never find it . we could not .... michael it will find she .... Jake look at he like he 's crazy . this be something he have not hear . jake what do you mean , it will find she ? hoagie she say it be come .... jake michael what do you mean , it 's what the hell be you ...? come ...? hoagie she have it in she head that the shark that kill Martin and Sean be .... jake michael ( to Michael ) ( to hoagie ) he 's not talk about we what do you do when you be shark .... not fly people ? hoagie I deliver laundry ... we be go to circle northeast .... hoagie change direction .... jake michael you say she think the everything 's a joke to shark be after she ...? you .... hoagie not ellen .... michael she do not need a drug dealer for .... hoagie start laugh . Jake be look at they both with disbelief . michael jake what the hell 's so funny ...? that 's a lot of crap ... shark do not .... hoagie I want to find she as much as you do , Michael .... michael I want you to leave she alone . I do not want you involve she in .... hoagie ( spot something ) what 's that ....? he point and they see a tiny dot of a boat in the distance . hoagie start for it and they watch as he drop altitude . there 's a long silence as they strain to see the boat . when they get closer they see that it 's a pleasure sailor . the people aboard wave at they . michael ( not ready to give it up ) what do you deliver on all that charter you ...? hoagie I fly elephant for smuggler .... 136 the boat - day 136 ellen search the water for the shark . she put the boat into a long slow turn . all she can see be the endless expanse of ocean around she . 137 the water - day 137 the boat be see from the surface , from the point of view of something follow she , keep pace with she . the shark be stalking she . 138 int . plane - day 138 hoagie , Michael and Jake fly on in search of ellen . Michael be raw nerve end . michael can not this thing go any faster ? hoagie any faster and it will turn into a fly cuisinart and dice we into oblivion .... hoagie bank the plane , change direction to search another area . 139 the boat / the water - day 139 ellen turn the wheel , beginning another sweep , search for the shark . at first she do not see anything , then she go rigid . a hundred yard away she see the fin . she shut off the engine and , in the quiet , move to the stern and look at the shark , which be keep its distance . ellen ( quietly ; with deadly calm ) come and get I , you son-of - a-bitch . take I and leave my family alone .... the silence build as only the water lap up against the side of the becalm boat be hear . the fin disappear beneath the surface and ellen , still at the stern , she body tremble , look for it . she can not see anything . the silence build . she wait . then , in the intense calm , the distant sound of a airplane engine dron be hear . 140 int . plane - day 140 Jake see the boat and point . jake there she be .... they see the boat and the tiny figure of ellen at the stern . hoagie alter course , drop altitude as he go . he start fishing for a chart so he can radio she exact loca - tion . Michael rise in he seat to get a better view . he see something in the water and strain to make out what it be . 141 the water - day 141 the dark form of the shark be visible beneath the surface as it move rapidly toward the boat . 142 int . plane - day 142 they strain to see the form in the water as the plane move rapidly closer to the boat . hoagie be that what I think it be ...? no answer be necessary as they watch the shark close the distance to the boat . it 's go for ellen . jake Holy Christ .... michael ( a whisper ) Mom .... 143 the boat - day 143 the shark come explode up out of the water for ellen , miss she by only a few foot , take a piece of the stern off the boat , then disappear beneath the surface . then she hear the plane and look but do not seem to see it . she 's in shock from the shark 's attack , but be still dedicated to she mission . the plane fly in low , buzzing the boat , the great roar of its engine cause ellen to duck out of the way . 144 int . plane - day 144 hoagie make a tight circle and start back . michael slow it down .... he start to open a door . Jake stop he . jake what the hell be you do ? michael I have get to get to she .... jake you jump , you will kill yourself .... hoagie what be you worried about ...? you make it , the shark will kill you anyway ... I be go in .... hoagie grab he microphone and switch it on . hoagie ( continue ; on the horn ) Thomas , my boy , you there ? this be pbn 17452 .... thomas ( 0.s. ) ( laugh ; from the speaker ) boss be go to be piss at you for take he plane , hoagie .... hoagie ( grin ) wait till he find out what I be go to do with it .... 145 the boat - day 145 ellen watch the plane with horror as it come in on a line parallel to the boat , come closer and closer to the water . 146 int . plane - day 146 hoagie ( still on the horn ) a couple of boat , fast , and someone who know how to kill a shark . a big one .... he put the microphone back and start prepare to bring the plane into the water . hoagie ( continue ) grab you sock .... jake you sure you know how to do this . hoagie Hell , no . what kind of pilot do you think I be ...? 147 the boat / the plane / the water - day 147 ellen back away from the stern as the plane near the surface and its engine sputter , then quit . it hit the water and its nose rock forward , then it settles forward and skip some seventy - five foot , plow through the water violently , finally come to a stop near the boat . hoagie push the door open and water start come in . hoagie Hell , that be not half bad .. get go ... I will keep it busy .... jake it will come for the plane . it 's attract to metal . the electro - magnetic impulse .... hoagie will you get the bloody hell out of here .... Jake jump into the water and start swim for the boat . michael come on , hoagie .... hoagie all you passenger be the same .... complain ... complain .... he push Michael out . 149 the boat / the plane - day 149 ellen see Jake , then Michael swim frantically for the boat . ellen ( scream ) Michael ! no , goddamnit ! no ! then she see the shark head for the plane and hoagie and she stare at it and the image of hoagie , who back up to the door behind he . ellen ( continue ; barely audible ) hoagie ... no .... 150 the plane - day 150 the shark attack the plane , go straight for the cockpit , rise up out of the water , block hoagie from view , take a mouthful of door , then roll off and disappear beneath the surface . hoagie be go . Michael and Jake scramble aboard . they move quickly to ellen and Michael put he arm around she , try to offer comfort . she 's in shock . they stare at the plane as it start to sink , scan the water , look for hoagie . michael ( quietly ) it get he .... ellen ( angry ; passionately ) why would you come out here ? michael why would you take the boat ? ellen michael why would you bring they ...? ( he voice rise ) do not you realize what you be do ...? it keep come ... there be you should not have do no other way to stop it .... it .... ellen I have to . it be all I could do .... suddenly she anger explode . Michael try to hold she but she pull away . ellen ( continue ) I try to tell you ... I try .... hoagie ( o.s. ) ( yell from the other side ) give I a hand here for Christ 's sake .... they turn and see hoagie struggle to climb aboard and move quickly to help he . hoagie ( continue ; grin ) that thing have terrible breath .... they pull he aboard and he smile at ellen , who be very happy indeed to see he . hoagie ( continue ) what say we get the hell out of here , ellen brody . ... jake get she start .... hoagie and Michael start for the engine . ellen watch they , then look out over the water for the shark . Jake turn on the heart monitor and ekg scope and a moment later the sound of the shark 's heartbeat , which be faint , start come through the speaker , and the sight of its rhythmic beat be see on the scope . jake it 's work .... hoagie watch as Michael try to get the engine start . it will not turn over . hoagie not the engine , pal .... Jake head for the cabin . jake ( as he go ) get it go , hoagie . Michael .... Michael follow Jake below . hoagie jump down into the engine pit and start check the fuel line . ellen stare out to sea , wait for what she know will happen . hoagie maybe the plane give it indigestion .... jake ( o.s. ) ( from below ; yell ) they spend half they life look for food and the other half eat it they do not care what it be .... ellen ( softly ) it 's not food it 's after .... the distant sound of the shark 's heart continue to be hear . 152 below deck - day 152 Jake take the top off a underwater strobe light and begin rewiring rapidly , change connection . Michael watch . jake ( in the midst of it ) if it work , if we can get it inside the bastard and set it off , it will shock the hell out of it . we will need a slave switch to set it off . pull the dry cell out of the radio . michael anybody ever tell you you be nut .... Michael start pull the battery . jake ( grin ) all the time .... michael it will work .... jake Theory , partner ... if it respond to external electrical impulse , it might respond to one come from inside it ... confuse it ... drive it away .... michael if we be real lucky , it will eat itself .... 153 above deck - day 153 hoagie hand ellen sparkplug , which she dry with a rag . she continue to glance at the sea , she expression set with the inevitable . the shark 's faint heartbeat be hear . 154 below deck - day 154 Jake be taping a cover over the strobe base . Michael be wiring another strobe light to the battery . jake wait for the sucker to charge , then hit the switch . just like take a picture . michael the big picture ... if we can not get he to swallow it , we will shove it up he .... jake ( laugh ) I forget my rubber glove . let 's do it . they head for the deck 155 above deck - day 155 as Michael and Jake move topside , they see hoagie and ellen stare at the speaker and ekg scope . the heartbeat have stop . the line on the scope be flat . michael you equipment have crap out again .... jake my equipment do not crap out .... Jake grab a pole from the deck and throw it to Michael , then start tie the device to the end of it . his hand be tremble . hoagie maybe it have a heart attack . too much fatty food . human be full of cholesterol . hoagie get the last sparkplug screw back in and try the engine and it kick to life . hoagie ( continue ) son-of-a-bitch ! Jake start for the bow . jake ( to Michael ) get a line .... Michael grab a coiled line from the deck and follow Jake forward . hoagie ( to ellen ) we be go to make it .... she just stare at he , not believe it for a moment . Jake be stand at the bow , look out over the water . Michael reach he with the line . michael I will do it , Jake . jake no way .... michael it 's my fault ... I have to .... jake we need it to eat electronics , man ... not you . get it on I .... michael ( a plea ) Jake . jake ( grin ) I be the one who want to study it .... Michael relent and quickly tie the line around Jake 's waist . Jake make he way out to the end of the bowsprit , use the guy wire from the mast for support . Michael pass he the pole with the device at the end of it . ellen and hoagie watch from the stern . he 's underway . jake ( continue ; yell back ) keep it steady .... hoagie aye , aye , Captain .... the shark explode up completely out of the water , clear the surface , open its jaw as it come directly for Michael , who leap back . ellen Michael ! Jake move back on the bowsprit , get in the shark 's way , and as the shark fly up toward Jake , he ram the pole down its throat . the pole snap and the shark take the device , Jake and a piece of the bowsprit . ellen scream . the guy wire fly loose and the already weaken mast begin to fall . Michael pull at the line , which go limp in he hand . Jake , in the shark 's mouth , go crash into the water . the mast crash into the boat and water . ellen and hoagie be run forward . Michael watch as Jake and the shark disappear beneath the surface . in the distance , the three of they see the shark rise up out of the water . part of Jake be see in its jaw . then they be go . the heartbeat be hear again . Michael open he mouth and a great wail of anguish come out and carry out over the water . hoagie dash back toward the control . ellen , take strength from she son 's need , grab he arm , hard . ellen Michael ! there be tear in he eye . hoagie ( yell ) get that goddamn gizmo of Jake 's work .... Michael stare at the sea . ellen look at she son compassionately , then Michael start for the cabin and ellen follow to the deck near hoagie , where she watch the water . the shark 's heartbeat be get louder and closer together . hoagie eye the speaker as he open the throttle , give it everything its get . 156 below deck - day 156 Michael grab the slave switch and turn it on and it begin to whine as the strobe unit in the shark 's stomach begin to charge . hoagie ( o.s. ) ( yell ) it 's come .... he hit the switch too soon . nothing happen . he can hear the heartbeat thumping a frenzy as the shark begin its attack . michael ( yell ) what happen ? hoagie ( 0.s. ) nothing ! what the hell be you do down there ? the whine begin to build again . 157 above deck - day 157 the heartbeat sound like a invitation to hell . hoagie grab ellen 's arm . hoagie take the wheel .... he leave it before she do and run to the cabin . she take he place , glance at the water , see the fin . her expression flood with rage and she turn the wheel toward the shark , try to meet it head on . 158 below deck - day 158 hoagie stick he head in the door . hoagie the damn thing be go to have we ass .... michael it need more time to charge . they start topside . Michael bring the slave switch with he . 159 above deck / the water - day 159 ellen be bring the boat directly toward the shark , which be come straight for they . the heartbeat be deafen . as hoagie and Michael move topside , the boat and the shark collide head on , send shock wave from stem to stern . ellen hold onto the wheel with both hand and keep she foot . Michael and hoagie be knock on they ass . the heartbeat retreat , then start grow louder and stronger again . the whine of the strobe have stop . Michael hit the switch several time and it start again . ellen see the fin and steer toward it . the shark be come again , like a old boxer look for the knockout punch in the fifteenth round . the boat and the shark be head for each other , the distance between they close fast . ellen drive the boat toward it . the slave switch make a pop sound , and Michael hit the switch and the flash in he hand go off . the water explode as the shark receive a enormous jolt of electricity . it thrashes about wildly then , in slow motion , some twenty - five foot from the boat , right in front of it , the shark rise up out of the water , expose half its body . it seem suspend there , its great head point right at ellen , its dead black eye seem to stare straight at she . holding fast to the wheel , she expression set hard , ellen drive the boat straight at the shark . she push the throttle forward , hard , get the last bit of speed from the engine , drive straight into the beast , impale it in the throat with what 's leave of the sharp jag end of the bowsprit . the shark go crazy , its weight pull the bow down into the water as it try to free itself , thrashing about so violently that it turn the bow into splinter . ellen , Michael and hoagie be throw into the water . 160 the water - day 160 they watch as the shark die its violent death , take what remain of the boat beneath the surface with it . 161 beneath the surface - day 161 the shark and the boat sink slowly to the bottom . 162 the surface - day 162 ellen , exhaust , emptied of everything , begin to sob . everything she feel , everything she 's suppress about Sean 's death pour out of she . she begin to slip beneath the surface . hoagie grab she . ellen I can not .... hoagie yes you can .... Michael reach they and together , help ellen , they swim to a large piece of the boat which be float nearby . holding it , catch they breath , ellen still cry , they look out across the water , silently remember Jake . michael ( quietly ) it 's over .... ellen stare at the sea , she expression etched with uncertainty . be it over ? will it ever be ? we vision shift from ellen to she point of view of the endless expanse of ocean . in the distance the cloud seem to be reach for its surface . slowly , almost indiscernibly at first , the close music begin . another sound , that of airplane engine be hear . 163 omitted 163 164 the airport - day 164 the noise of the air taxi 's engine , as they be warm up , be loud . the music , which build slowly , relentlessly , continue . close credit begin , like punctuation mark . hoagie be in the cockpit . ellen , who 's dress for travel , Michael , who carry thea , and carla approach the plane . ellen ( yell to be hear above the noise ) I want you all to come to amity this summer . michael there 's a lot ... I want to talk about it .... he 's have trouble . ellen we will ... we will have a lot of time together . ( pause ) what be you go to do now ? carla ( yell ) we will be there .... ellen ( to thea ) you make sure they come ? thea ( yell ; like the excitement ) I will . I will miss you , grandma . ellen ( laugh ) I will miss you .... they have reach the plane and hoagie and ellen make eye contact . michael ( eyeing he mother and hoagie ) promise I you will be all right .... ellen ( turn to he ; yell ) promise I .... michael ( yell ) I will wear my rubber ... I will be careful ... I will be .... hoagie ( yell ; grin ) mother and son ... mine use to tell I to wear clean short .... ellen / hoagie ( both yell ; both enjoy the moment ) in case you get hit by a car .... they laugh above the noise . Michael and hoagie eye each other . michael ( yell at hoagie ) you know , you try harder not to give a damn than anyone I have ever meet ? hoagie , strain to hear , grin . hoagie ( yell ) what ? Michael move closer , thea still in he arm . thea ( before Michael can repeat himself ; yell ) . can I fly the plane again ...? the music dip now , as hoagie take a long 1 ook at thea , he smile building warmly . hoagie absolutely ... any time .... he beckon she with he finger and Michael hold she closer . hoagie ( continue ) can you keep a secret ? something no one else know ? thea ( still yell at the top of she lung ) yes I can .... hoagie ( yell back ) I own the airplane . I can do whatever I want . I be the boss . Michael , ellen and carla react . hoagie ( continue ) which mean I have to go a lot of place to pay my debt and borrow money to keep it go .... he look at Michael with mischief in he eye . the music begin to build again , toward its climax . credit continue . hoagie ( continue ; yell louder ) remind I when I get back to tell you about the time I fly a hundred nun to nairobi .... Michael and other laugh , but it 's lose in the sound of the engine and the music . the family move to the plane 's door . ellen kiss carla and thea good - bye , then turn to Michael . ellen ( above the noise ) we never have that talk , do we ? he look at she , troubled , and she smile at he . ellen ( continue ) we will ... we will have a lot of time together , Michael .... michael ( shouting ) I be go to finish what Jake and I start . I owe he that . Hell , I owe he everything .... ( shouting ; hardly hear ) I will get something important do for both of we .... ellen and Michael embrace , then kiss each other good - bye . hoagie ( yell ) there they be , all hundred of they .... his last word be drown out by engine and music and he shrug as he and ellen smile at each other . she take a last look at she family , then board the plane and the door close behind she . 165 the airport / the plane - day 165 as music and credit continue , the plane take off and start out over the ocean , head for nassau . Michael , hold thea , and carla , she arm through he , watch as the plane become smaller and smaller , until it be lose in the vastness of the sky and the sky be transformed into ocean and music and credit end . fade out the end