" jaw 2 " final draft screenplay by Carl gottlieb base on a Story by Howard sackler fade in : underwater - day dramatically light by sunlight filter down from the surface . a dim shape , massive , threaten , swim towards we from the distance . then it divide -- what be one be two , and the shape become reality ; two diver in scuba gear swim side by side . they be wear minimal rubber , consider the cool New England water : " Farmer John " wetsuit with cut - off leg , assort sport-dive paraphernalia , include a expensive camera with a flash attachment . one motion " down there , " the other signal " ok , I see it , " and they dive deeper , into darker water , where the shaft of sunlight pour into the depth , break up by seaweed and float vegetation into cathedral - like column of illumination . sea bottom - day the wreck of the work fisherman 's boat " orca , " formerly under the command of the late Captain quint , decease this four year . buried in the sand near it , still connect by rusting strand of cable , the mangle remain of a shark cage , glimmer with stainless steel highlight . a fitful flash of yellow from under a mossy beard -- a batter barrel , similarly tangle . the diver , bert and Ernie , appear . they be fascinate by the find , and bert , with the camera , snap a few flash shot . the rapid sequence of flash signal the presence of a motor drive camera . another point of view distant flash , obscure by vegetation in the foreground . sea bottom , the orca Ernie be explore the abandon cabin ; door open and shut , move by invisible current stir by he passage . a occasional " flash ! " light up the bottom as bert continue snap away souvenir shot of this local landmark . bert point of view - camera viewfinder ( process ) Ernie float up out of a hatch , see the camera , and strike a pose , clowning for the photographer 's benefit . a big hand , f.g. , motion he up into clear water for a formal portrait . he oblige . now he float in front of we , gently paddle he flipper to maintain vertical stability . one flash . another . then a large , dim movement in the b.g. something 's out there , move towards we . flash . it 's bigger , bear down like a train in a tunnel . flash ! it 's on we . flash ! teeth ? blood ? flash ! blackness , death . ocean bottom , insert the camera float gently down and settles in the sand . a dark red mist eddyy by . a last weak flash . match dissolve to : ext . ocean - sundown flash ! a expensive cabin cruiser , the " diver work " flag flutter limply in the breeze , be riding alone at anchor . flash ! a distant lighthouse beacon wink at we . the boat rock in the ceaseless swell . on the stern , " Elizabeth T . - Newport , R.I . " a long way from home ... dissolve to : ext . amity beach - day a blue-and - white police jeep be bounce over the sand . a figure in civilian clothes drive alone on some urgent mission . it 's Martin brody , Chief of Police on amity . the jeep slow to a stop , and he take a flight of stair lead to a concrete patio two at a time . a classical trumpet solo be play in the background . brody charge through a door , then abruptly slow and start move warily through a hotel interior : the holidome , a three - story extravaganza of a motel , where some sort of formal ceremony be already in progress . a banner announce : " Grand open Ball -- amity Scholarship Fund benefit . " brody cross under a High School band , arrange dance - band style on a balcony ; the trumpet player , polo , be finish he solo , the assemble crowd applaud politely . brody be take he place with some dignitary on the dais , as the preside authority , amity Mayor Larry Vaughn , begin speak . vaughn thank you , Paul lohman , for that eloquent solo . now , for that point in the ceremony where we formally dedicate this magnificent resort - hotel complex , a worthwhile addition to the recreational paradise we call amity . angle on the day seat on fold chair , wear they good suit , several of amity 's selectmen , Real estate developer Len Peterson , and ellen brody , very chic . brody slip into the vacant chair next to she . the follow be conduct in urgent whisper , sotto voce , while Vaughn drone on . ellen where the hell be you ? brody late . ellen I can see that . do not you know this be a big deal ? brody could not help it . hendrick over there ... ( he indicate he deputy ) ... still have the key to the jeep in he pocket , and I could not find the spare . ellen terrific . Act as if you have be here all along . brody how be I suppose to do that ? ellen look bored . vaughn ( dron along ) holiday Inn join the amity shore development condominium complex in a welcome expression renew interest in amity Island as the hub of the Northeast recreational vacation wonderland . we be happy once again to be in the center of thing , where the action be ... we have have we share of hard time and long winter and the past few year have not be easy . but today , the sun be rise on a new amity , a new island fill with promise . ( applause ) Len Peterson 's amity shore development be a exciting addition to we island . the holiday Inn we stand in be likewise a new friend who we welcome as family . amity mean ' friendship ' and we community extend its friendship to all who seek she shore in peace and harmony . ( applause ) brody settles into polite attentiveness , acknowledge a wave from hendrick , a politely bland young town cop in he idea of civilian finery . hendrick be fussing with the banner on a attractive young lady in a bathing suit ... angle on vaughn vaughn ... and now , Tina wilcox , this year 's miss amity , will cut the ribbon that officially open this luxurious new hotel ... Tina ( the girl in the bathing suit ) escape hendrick ' attention , and teeter on high heel towards the ribbon , while phil fogarty , the local photographer , snap away . vaughn Tina be select from more than 20 of this island 's lovely young lady in the miss amity competition hold every spring , and she will represent amity Island in the miss Massachusetts competition in worcester next month . when she cut this ribbon , she will be open we island to growth , to development , to plan expansion with full employment for we thriving community . angle on the band Paul lohman ( " polo " to he friend ) be exchange whisper with Lucy , a flute player nearby . lucy I do not think she 's such hot stuff . polo when be we go out ? you and I ? lucy not tonight . polo you go with Patrick ? Lucy nod , polo shrug , and turn to Jane , a girl nearby . polo listen , Jane -- you want to dance as soon as we get out of this monkey suit ? she nod happily , they whisper together , while we : CUT to : angle on day Martin and ellen have be join by they youngest son , Sean . sean Mom , Michael will not talk to I . brody ( to ellen ) should not he be at home ? ellen Mrs. silvera could not come . vaughn this money tree , you may have notice , be make entirely of twenty - dollar bill , donate by Len Peterson , the builder of amity shore Condominiums , as a gesture of goodwill towards the community . $ 500 as a special gift to the amity township scholarship fund ... applause from the crowd , Len take a bow . vaughn ( prompt ) go ahead , Tina . angle on tina as she reach out with the scissors . something catch she eye , and she wink at she boyfriend , Ed marchand , smirk in the crowd . he wink back , and make " cut it " motion with he finger . angle on the ceremony Tina cut the ribbon , and Tom andrew , a local diver , push a decorate float out into the pool ; sparkler sputter , balloon drop from the ceiling . vaughn thanks to Tom andrew , of amity aqua - Sports , for contribute the special decoration . and now , the amity High School band . refreshment on the patio , everyone ... the band swing into " downtown , " and the crowd get up to dance , to eat , and to break into small group to talk . dissolve to : int . holidome - later ellen be drag brody over to where Len Peterson and Larry Vaughn , the mayor , be in conversation . they pass vignettes : Tina and Ed , Tom andrew and Jane , marge , other interesting amity townspeople . brody ( see Peterson and Vaughn ) do I have to talk to that two ? ellen my boss and you boss . sure . vaughn hello , hello . it go well , I think . brody very impressive ceremony . good speech . vaughn thank you , thank you . you know my son , do not you ? he beckon over they head to Larry Vaughn , Jr. , a young man uncomfortable in he correct tie and blazer . they exchange perfunctory greeting . peterson the speech be right on the money . ( to ellen ) be a love and make sure the bar 's open , will you ? he put he arm around she , a little too familiarly for brody 's like . peterson ( to brody ) fantastic lady . do not know what I would do without she . brody I neither . peterson ( look around ) y'know , brody -- for the first time in year it 's worth put money into this town . brody all of we thank you , okay ? ellen watch Sean for a minute ? and she hand Sean off to brody , leave he with a over - active 10 year old , while she 's go . sean can I go swim ? brody no . find you brother , okay ? Sean nod and run off , happy to have a mission . CUT to : angle on michael brody - near the band he be talk to brooke Peters , a mop-mane teen - ager with a pleasant face . timmy weldon , a grade behind , lurk nearby . a plumpish , curly - haire buddy , Andy Nicholas , be enjoy a cup of punch . mike how old be you cousin ? brooke seventeen . she 's a senior . mike I be not crazy about blind date . andy they be okay , if they get little white cane and tin cup . brooke that 's awful . andy what the hell . ( to Mike ) do you mom put all this together ? mike yeah , it 's she job . andy be she responsible for the punch ? mike no . andy good . it 's terrible . brooke my cousin will be here tomorrow . mike great . Sean find they , and burst into they group . sean Michael , Michael , dad say to find you . andy okay , you do that . sean come on , mikey , come on ... he tug at Mike 's sleeve ; Mike allow himself to be drag off . mike okay , okay . get to go . Andy and brooke be leave stand together , Tim move in . tim ( to brooke ) want to dance ? ( she shake she head " no " ) okay . later ? on she shrug , as she turn to Andy : CUT to : int . / ext . holidome patio / terrace - night it 's later ; night have fall , the band be play its version of " when I fall in Love . " many teen - ager be dance out on the patio , some adult be dance inside , the buffet be ravage , timmy be watch brooke , who 's dance with polo . Douglas fetterman ( " Doug " ) join he , after ask marge for a dance and strike out . doug get a dance yet ? timmy nope . doug I neither . timmy who would you ask ? doug Tina wilcox . timmy you be crazy . she 's Ed 's girl friend . doug do not hurt to ask . sometimes the most beautiful girl be the loneliest . timmy that 's a crock of shit . doug I know . Bob burnside , a tall pal of Larry Vaughn jr.' , turn up by they side . bob same tired old face . you see Vaughn ? doug the mayor ? bob Larry Vaughn junior ? ( Doug shrug ) if you see he , tell he I get a six - pack , a blanket , and the brebner twin . he exit , on the prowl . timmy no class . doug none at all . ( pause ) I wonder what the brebner twin be do tomorrow night . angle on brody and ellen brody can you take a little time out from you busy schedule to dance with the old man ? ellen why ? brody because they be play we song . and sure enough , they be -- the band have turn to a fifty slow - dance standard : " I wish you Love . " Peterson approach . peterson May I have this dance ? brody sorry , I be all book up ... ( take ellen ) come , m'dear . they slowly fox trot out onto the terrace . both of they nodd greeting to townspeople and kid -- everyone know the chief . brody remember 1959 , the Jersey shore ? ellen and how . I think you would not respect I . brody I do , I do . the music and the summer moon be work they magic . brody listen -- what be you do later ? ellen fool around ? brody right . he dip with she ; they look up and notice Sean , sound asleep on a bench . ellen let 's get the kid home . brody Home it be . he cross to the sleepy Sean and hoist he with a grunt . brody ( to the kid ) you be get a little big for this . Sean murmur sleepily and hug he dad . Mike , dance with marge , wave good - bye . the brody start to leave , pass a bucket with a bottle of champagne still in it . they exchange a look , nod agreement , and brody boost the bottle , sneaking it out of the building while ellen giggle . dissolve to : int . brody bedroom - day brody and ellen be snuggling under the cover while early morning light stream under the blind . it 's the Morning after , and the clothes from the night before be scattered all over the room . brody roll against ellen , spoon - fashion , morning - horny . brody mmmm . ellen mmmmmmorn ... they start to move a little , then turn face to face . outside they door , the sound of little foot ; Sean pad downstairs . brody Sean 's awake . ellen door 's lock . brody ( kissing ) good . they body move under the blanket . there 's a crash from the kitchen . they stop for a beat . as they resume , little foot return . sean's voice the milk fall out of the ' frigerator . ellen ( whisper ) put a towel down . and shh -- daddy 's sleep . sean's voice okay . his foot paddle off . brody and ellen start to slide together , passion resume . ellen c'mere ... bigger foot go downstairs ; Michael 's up . the brody kiss , try to ignore the sound of spirite discussion between brother over who 's responsible for spill milk . then the sound of a car pull into the driveway , and a horn beep . brody Mrs. silvera ? ellen Mrs. silvera . they try to kiss again , there 's a door slam downstairs , and talk between the boy and Mrs. silvera . the brody look at each other and break up laugh at the morning , and themselves . angle on the bed as ellen and brody , with the practice of 18 year of marriage , swing back - to - back , and put they foot on the floor , each on they side of the bed , still chuckle , up for the day . brody need a ride ? ellen as far as the office . CUT to : ext . amity STREET day the police jeep be drive through the picturesque street , brody behind the wheel , ellen and Sean passenger . it slow near the foot of the street , dockside , where a real estate office mark " amity shore development , Leonard Peterson , pre . " sit . Peterson 's big cadillac be park illegally at the curb . it have the amity shore logo on its side . brody some people . sean what 's daddy do ? ellen write a ticket . brody be out of the car , he pad in he hand . ellen hey ! that 's my boss ! brody better yet . Peterson , in shirt - sleeve and a tie , hustle out of the office peterson wait a minute ... brody too late , it 's write . peterson heck of a way to treat a taxpayer . ( to ellen ) do not you have any pull with the chief , here ? ellen do I have to ? peterson ( take the ticket ) better get a sale kit together for after lunch . I be take some prospect out . ellen kiss brody , and start in for she day 's work . ellen see you later . peterson ( to brody ) can not we fix it up to get this make into a green zone or something ? brody Len , pay the two dollar . Peterson shrug and go inside he office . brody 's attention be draw by some noise by the dock . ext . dockside , amity - day hendrick and a old codger , Red , be work on amity 's newest bit of police equipment ; a blue power launch for patrol local water . the boat be hendrick ' personal pride and joy . hendrick ( to Red ) tie it off on you leave . you other leave ! as Red comply , hendrick spot he boss . hendrick good morning ! brody ( walk onto the dock , Sean tagging along ) be not you off-duty ? hendrick till noon . this be on my own time . ( to Sean ) hi , Shorty . sean I be not short . I be eleven . there 's a hoot from a pass boat horn . Sean wave happily . angle on the boat it have slowed to a halt in front of the police berth ; it 's a scruffy work fisherman , back from the bank with a full load . the skipper hail brody . skipper yo ! Chief ! brody what ? skipper you get a gold - plater drift in the main channel . Big cruiser . hendrick whereabouts ? skipper off the Point . no run light , just a diver 's flag . hendrick ( aside to brody ) want I to run out there ? brody on you own time ? hendrick happy to do it . brody then check it out . I will be in the office . hendrick nod , and start the engine importantly . hendrick cast off you bow line . and you stern line . spring line ... while Red grumble , brody and Sean be walk up to the street . Michael and some teen - ager be head down to the dock . angle on brody and the kide it 's Mike , polo , Patrick , Lucy , brooke , Ed and Tina . brody where to ? mike no place special . just hang out . brody sail ? Mike nod . brody watch you kid brother , huh ? he get into he jeep , leave Sean with the teen -ager . brooke bye , Mr. brody . the other ad lib appropriate greeting / good -bye , as brody drive off in he jeep . ext . dockside - day the kid busy themselves with they boat while Sean hover around Mike , who 's not happy at baby -sitting he kid brother . polo anyone want to sail to the lighthouse ? patrick mach nix to I . lucy anyone get a spare moor line ? mine 's shot . tina I have get one ... sean can I go too ? mike no . sean please . mike I say , ' no . ' Tina 's in she boat , " Tina 's Joy , " a neat sloop . Mike be go over he " Green Machine , " a sleek catamaran . brooke you be not go out right away , be you ? mike wait for Andy . brooke I want you to meet my cousin . mike I will , I will . sean I want to go out with you . you need a crew , do not you ? before Sean can protest further , Mike spot he crew : Andy Nicholas , a round - face , frizzy - haire pal , wear a bathing suit , and carry some scuba gear from a early - morning diving class . marge and denise , two other diver , be with he , with they gear . they ad-lib " good -bye . " mike I do not need you . Andy 's here . sean you always go with Andy . mike ( to Andy ) how be dive class ? andy same as always -- glub -glub , bubble - bubble , stroke-stroke . there sure be some weird shit on the bottom of the ocean . brooke shell and lobster and stuff ? andy mostly old garbage . today we find a ' 48 Hudson . sean do I have to play with the little kid ? mike yeah . go on , beat it . Sean mope away while Andy and Mike get they boat ready for sea . follow sean off the dock up on the street , where a pretty girl with a sexy face and a provocative post - pubescent walk be ask he direction . he point down at the dock . the girl , Jackie Peters , wave at she cousin , brooke . jackie brooke ! hey ! one of the boat have a portable radio go . it 's play some medium - hot salsa . Jackie do a couple of dance step on she way down the dock . close on andy and mike andy who 's that ? Quick -- I be in love . mike I hope that 's the cousin . brooke over here . I want you to meet somebody . andy lucky . lucky , lucky , lucky . as the four teen - ager come together in a tight quartet , the music rock up and we : CUT to : ext . harbor - day later in the day , sailboat with bright color sail and ornately paint hull tack back and forth . lot of chatter between boat , horseplay , splash , and general good time . it 's cruise , on water . ext . harbor , aboard mike' boat - day with Mike , Andy , Jackie and brooke . jackie how fast do this go ? andy with the right wind , 15 - 20 knot . jackie what ? mike Real fast . he sheet in , heeling the boat over in the stiff breeze . brooke Far out ! Jackie scream in excitement ; for a city girl , this be more fun than a roller coaster . angle on a red catamaran , " sizzler " overtake Mike 's boat . it 's pilote by Larry Vaughn , Jr. , the Mayor 's Son ; with he be he good friend , Bob burnside . larry come up ! bob gangway , turky ! it 's immediately a race between the red boat -- " sizzler , " and Mike 's " Green Machine . " the kid ad- lib -- " faster , " " lookout , " " gybe , gybe . " andy we be carry weight . larry we will take you supercargo . jackie be that I ? brooke that 's you . jackie I have never be supercargo . donny and denise 's boat cut in , steal the sizzler 's air . larry hey , get out of we air ! donny want a passenger ? angle on the sizzler and felix denise hop nimbly from one boat to the other as Danny sail tight as a tick to the red cat . bob Way to go ! quick cut : fun at sea the sailboat cut up , cruise the harbor , the local teen - ager party with each other : -- Patrick and Lucy 's sol cat , fly its hull . -- susie 's laser heele ' way over ' in a stiff breeze . -- polo and a pretty girl in he sloop , " Sea witch . " -- timmy weldon and Doug fetterman play catch - up in they respective boat , the doughdish and the inflatable . -- marge in she lighten , sailing close to Ed and Tina in Tina 's Joy . CUT to : underwater near the orca - day Silent , green - blue depth . a diver , crosby , work the bottom , run a search pattern . another diver , Tom andrew , run close . they signal to each other , and make another pass . follow Tom andrew as he skim the bottom , near the wreck of the orca , half - bury in the silt . a diver 's line run up and out of the frame , to : ext . ocean - day bob on the surface be three boat : the amity Police launch , the desert Elizabeth T. , from Newport , fly a diver 's flag , and the scubavue , a local diveboat operate by Tom andrew and he partner , crosby ; it have " amity aqua Sports " lettere on it somewhere . hendrick and Red be on the deck of the police boat , peer at the cruiser . hendrick Rich or poor , it 's nice to have money . red figure they split ? hendrick happens every season -- someone take off . once we have a schooner for a month while the owner go fox hunt . a sudden eruption in the water nearby startles they -- it 's andrew , surfacing , hold up the underwater flash camera . andrews this be all there be . crosby pop up next to he , show empty hand . hendrick if that 's it , that 's it . the diver head for they boat , hendrick fire up he engine , and we : CUT to : int . brody's office - day brody be try to reason with a indignant fat man . indignant man I can not watch the news , I can not watch a ball game , I can not watch movie -- all I hear be that rotten kid with he rotten radio ... " breaker , breaker ... " brody I will do what I can , but you be talk about a federal jurisdiction ... indignant man ( leave in a huff ) so call the FBI ! polly Black , two sugar . brody thanks . what else be out there ? polly one petty theft , one domestic disturbance , and a exhibitionist . brody I will take the exhibitionist , you handle the other . woman Chief brody ? I want you to do something about my first husband . brody be catch in the open . white - haire man Martin , you have get to demand that Grace kinney keep she shade down . 2 nd man what about enforce the " no parking " ordinance on Beach Road ? brody in a minute , in a minute -- talk to Mrs. prendergast , please ... woman ( continue ) Albert keep come around when I be with gentleman friend and he throw mud on they car ... 2 nd man ( eager to be hear ) every time there 's a out - of - state car in my driveway , I lose another mailbox . that little iron sailboat cost thirty - two dollar each ! brody ( to White haire man ) talk to I about Mrs. kinney . white -haired man her bedroom window face my oldest boy 's bedroom , and she 's teasing he , dance around in a towel , or less ... brody Dancing ? hendrick have enter , carry the camera bring up from the bottom by the diver . hendrick Chief ... brody hendrick . I want to go over you report and you form 908 . they go into brody 's inner office ; the uproar continue behind the door , but it 's calm in here . hendrick I never hear of a 908 . brody I just make it up . it mean , " get I out of there . " ( notice the camera ) what the hell 's that ? hendrick diver 's camera . Tom andrew bring it up from under that abandon cruiser . brody abandon ? it 's a little early in the season for that . hendrick Rich people . Home port be Newport , rhode Island . brody if I have a $ 100,000 boat , I sure as hell would not leave it anchore alone in the channel . hendrick if you have a $ 100,000 boat there would be a investigation . hendrick put the camera in a informal " lose &amp ; found " box sit in the office . brody make the mistake of open the door , revealing the White -haire man . white - haire man Grace kinney be drive my boy to distraction . brody hendrick , get a description of that dance . large man ( to brody ) Chief brody ? I want to talk to you about my daughter ... she 's 15 , but mature for she age ... woman Chief , I have be tell Mrs. prendergast that it 's no good just talk about Albert , she 's get to do something ... 2 nd man look -- the township be responsible for protect life and property , and my property be unprotect ... as brody turn to deal with the mess , we : CUT to : underwater look up at the surface , where a hull float in silhouette against the daylight . there 's a commotion , and a water ski drop into view . then another one . pale leg churn the water . CUT to : ext . ocean - day off amity Beach , a bilious green lap -strake boat be bob in the water , the engine idling . two girl be fool around ; the one in the water be Terry , the one drive the boat be Diane . terry do you ever see a dolphin ? diane sure . they like to play . we may see some today . terry great ! she fumble with she skis . terry whoops , almost lose one . can not play with the dolphin without skis ... diane ready ? terry hang on , hang on ... okay , go . Diane go to the control , and put the engine into gear , start forward . Terry wave " okay , " Diane open up the throttle , the boat surge forward , pull Terry upright . a wake boil out from under she skis . angle on the beach Ed and Tina be campe on a blanket , neck in the shelter of the dune . there 's a portable radio , a cooler with some beer , and some sandwich -- a perfect afternoon alone . above the dune , behind they lie the ocean , where the girl ' ski boat can be see , raise a big wake . Tina disengage , and sit up , brush sand out of she hair . tina take a break for a minute , okay ? ed huh ? Tina stand , and look out to the sea , where the boat be towing Terry on the water . tina Eddie , can we do that ? ( no reaction ) can we go ski ? we can use my uncle 's boat . Eddie ? ed next week . tina with you , everything 's next week . I want to go ski soon . tomorrow ? Ed grunt non-comittally . Tina take a beer from the cooler , and go up on the dune to watch Terry and Diane . she wave to they , and to someone down the beach . ext . beach house - day a old lady , Grace witherspoon , be rock on she porch , also enjoy the view of young people enjoy themselves . she acknowledge Tina 's distant wave , and turn she attention back to the skier . angle on the skier have a wonderful time . Terry be good , criss -crossing the wake , show off . close on terry rush through the water , wave , stunting . terry faster ! faster ! she wave at Diane , who lean over the control , to coax more speed out of the old engine . underwater follow the skis effortlessly , close in on the turbulent wake . on the surface Terry whipping along ; a fin raise near she . she glance at it , wave , think it 's a porpoise . terry porpoise ! look ! a dolphin ! the fin slide low in the water , head towards she . she put the rope around she waist , leave both hand free . underwater close in on the wake , crossing it . terry - on the surface the fin cut across she path . too late to maneuver , Terry hit the loom gray back of the shark . the skis bump , leave the water , Terry take a spectacular spill . the rope around she waist tow she helpless through the water , gag she , prevent she from shouting . she flounder as Diane slow the boat to see what 's happen . angle on the boat turn back to see if she friend hit a submerge log or hurt herself . diane Terry ! you okay ? terry help ! help ! diane okay , okay , come ... she still do not realize the gravity of the situation -- she have not see the fin . angle on terry hysterical , pull herself hand - over-hand up the rope , try to get to the boat . underwater close in on the thrashing figure . terry scream , as the shark rise from the deep and take she . suddenly she 's go , a swirl of pink froth mark the water where she go under . in the boat - diane look around for she friend , suddenly panicky . she pull the rope hard , and tumble backward as it come up with nothing on it -- just a cleanly bitten end . diane ( scream ) Terry ! then the shark appear , blood on its mouth , lung up and but the stern , jarring the engine loose . fuel spill from a rupture line . diane help ! God , help ! she throw thing at the shark , which slide back under the water . distant angle on the boat - from the beach Diane can be see flail in the boat , very distant scream float across the water ; at this range they sound like the normal shriek of teen - age girl have fun .... angle on the boat - close as the shark hit from a fresh angle , this time take a chunk out of the boat , bite down with powerful jaw . Diane hurl seat-cushion , oar , anything she can lay hand on . she fumble desperately in a compartment , produce a flare pistol . she cock it and fire point- blank at the shark . close on the shark the flare hit , wet fuel glisten on the water and skin of the shark explode in a sheet of flame . diane a last flash before the gasoline explode . diane no-o-o-o-o-o...! a sheet of fire , she 's in the middle , scream , aflame , the shark forget . she fall into the water as the ruin boat overturn and there 's a oily explosion . ext . beach - day - ed and tina Ed and Tina look up as they hear the distant " crump " of the boat blow up . ext . porch - day Mrs. witherspoon look up , startle by the sudden tragedy . she get up to go to the phone , indoors , and we : CUT to : ext . ocean - day - amity police boat the launch be anchore at the site of the explosion , offshore . Red be fishing up bit of flotsam with a boathook . hendrick be on the radio , talk to the shore . hendrick I can not find anyone out here . they must have go to the bottom , or drift with the current . brody on shore he 's on the porch of tile witherspoon house , use he portable walkie-talkie . Mrs. witherspoon be wait in the b.g. nearby , we can see a sign : " buried cable : call New England Light and power before digging . " the cable itself surface in a chain -link fence enclosure , and climb a power pole for distribution to the island . Ed and Tina be also there , have give statement . brody there should be body . witnesses say two people ; one in the boat , one ski . hendrick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) I tell you -- nothing here . brody try drag . hendrick ( o.s. ) for how long ? current 's move everything around , and it 's get dark . brody stay on it . I do not care how long it take . hendrick ( o.s. ) 10 - 4. brody turn to Ed and Tina , and take out he notebook . tina we hear this noise , like a ' boomp ' out there , and when we look , there be just this cloud of smoke . grace that be the explosion . one minute they be have a wonderful time , the next , bang ! brody grace I do not know what could have do that . brody stare out at the quiet sea -- what 's lurking under that calm surface ? tina can we go now ? brody 's still look past they , towards the ocean . tina Chief brody -- can we go ? please ? brody oh , yeah . sure . as he gaze at the ocean , we hear the sound of a distant siren , and CUT to : ext . amity - day a ambulance , siren wail and red light flash , drive on its melancholy way through the picturesque town . dissolve to : abroad the police boat - night hendrick have the winch in operation , the cable in he hand , with big grapple hook attach . the boat be light by its powerful worklight . hendrick heave they out , watch as the current take they , then put the winch in gear , haul back . red how much longer ? hendrick until we find something . red I do not care about the overtime , I be hungry . and cold . and most of all , bored . insert - the winch cable it go taut with a sudden strain . angle on hendrick he see it , too . hendrick I think we get something . Red move to the winch , watch warily as it slow to a near stall with the weight . red about damn time . hendrick what the hell be it ? there 's a strain on the cable -- it 's pull the stern of the boat down as it struggle with the weight . hendrick here it come ... angle on the water light by the harsh worklight on the deck of the launch . the cable from the winch be taut , pull something up from the black depth . what ? the coupling appear , then the hook , and a oily cable . red oh shit . Drop it . hendrick what be it ? red power line . hendrick oh , great . he hit the release on the winch , and the cable whine as it spin out and settles back on the bottom . Red jiggle the line , try to free it up . red it come here from cable Junction . hendrick untangle it and let 's go -- we do not need a blackout on the island . red ( at the winch ) now you be talk . let 's get out of here before we do find something . dissolve to : int . brody kitchen - day the next morning , the brody family be downstairs , each get he own special breakfast . Mike get cereal for himself and Sean , ellen be crack some soft - boil egg , brody be drink coffee and smoking . ellen you have to smoke so early in the morning ? brody it 's good with coffee . ellen so 's a donut . sean I want fruit loops ! mike eat cheerios . sean you eat cheerios . I want fruit loops . ellen eat cheerios . brody what be you guy do today ? mike ( indicate Sean ) I do not know about he -- I be go down to the dock , maybe go sailing . brody every day ? mike what else be there to do ? brody you could work out at the beach , make a few buck for school . mike do I have to ? brody you will have to make up you own mind about that . ellen where 's my day book ? brody in the de . ellen pass they on the way to the de to look for it . ellen he do not have to work all the time , it 's he vacation . Mrs. silvera enter from the service porch . mrs . silvera good morning -- everyone up early today ? brody there 's a lot go on . he follow ellen into the de . int . den - day ellen be rummage around the papers on the end table , look for she book . ellen why do not you take a half day and clean this junk up ? brody because , I be in the middle of a boat accident , I get only four regular cop and one secretary , and a Chief deputy who be constantly fiddling with the police boat . he 's another one . ellen one what ? ( she find the book ) ah-ha ! brody Boat nut . what be it about this place that make everyone a freak for boat ? ellen it 's a island . ( she peck he on the cheek ) get to run . she head out the door for the office . Mike approach . angle on mike and brody mike I be go . brody what about tennis ? Riding ? fix up old car ? bartend ? mike bartend ? I be 17 . brody okay , not bartend . why on the water every day ? mike because . brody look , humor the old man -- just be careful . mike ( go ) I will be careful . I will see y'later . int . kitchen Mike pass through on he way out , nodd to Mrs. silvera who acknowledge he passage . brody be close on he heel . brody do not go out if it 's rough or anything , huh ? we have have a lot of trouble . mike okay , okay . the back door slam behind he . sean can I go with you today ? brody you stay with Mrs. silvera , tootsie . okay ? Sean nod , resign himself to the inevitable . mrs . silvera ( to Sean ) you can come with I to the market . sean all right . brody I will be at the office . Mrs. silvera nod , and pour Sean a glass of milk . brody sigh , and head out the door . Sean call after he . sean bye , daddy . I be go to be careful , all day . CUT to : ext . ocean - day sitting snug and ship -shape on Mike 's Green Machine be Mike , Andy , brooke , and Jackie . they be heele over in a brisk wind , make good headway ; sailing nearby in the b.g. be Patrick and Lucy and donny and denise , in they boat . lucy ( from she boat ) where be we go ? andy oh , out a way . maybe the lighthouse . brooke the lighthouse ? andy no big thing , we will see who 's out there , maybe picnic . mike we get some stuff at the store . Ed and Tina be go to be there . brooke oh , sure , they would be . jackie what 's the lighthouse ? mike it 's a island , near here , with a lighthouse . we sometimes hang out there , you know ... jackie great . I get some wine . she open she big floppy bag , revealing the top half of a jug of Mountain Red . brooke slide over to she . angle on brooke and jackie brooke ( aside ) the lighthouse be a make - out spot . jackie now I really want to see it . brooke you go to fool around with Mike ? ( Jackie shrug ) well , I be not do anything with he . she indicate Andy , who pretend great indifference . jackie well , maybe I will , then . Andy do about a triple take before he regains he cool . Mike concentrate on he sailing , Jackie grin a impish , vixen grin , brooke shrug . CUT to : ext . lighthouse - day spectacular view from the top of the old lighthouse , show ocean , sandy beach , some of the kid ' catamaran pull up on the sand , other pleasure boat cruise in the b.g. Ed and Tina be run down the stair , laugh . ed come on back up here ! tina nope . ed give I back my hat ! tina double nope ! angle on the sand where Andy , Mike , Jackie , and brooke be campe around a blanket listen to a portable radio . Ed and Tina run by . andy why would they decide to move ? brooke too hot in the lighthouse ? mike too hot for that two ? I can not believe it . jackie be there something I do not know about ? brooke I tell you , remember ? jackie oh , yeah . so why be not they do it now ? there 's a little round of giggle . andy maybe by now they be . mike they be move pretty fast . jackie he 's cute ... angle on ed &amp ; tina run towards a dune and over it . angle on massive shape in f.g. , cover with bird . Ed and Tina appear over the crest of a dune , and the frame explode in a flurry of seagull , suddenly disturb . the whir and drumbeat of wing , and the shriek of the gull be a jarring shock . closeup - tina reacting . tina yech ! her point of view the huge hulk of a beach , decompose dead whale , a few bird still peck at scrap of blubber and entrail . Big fester red hole mark its side . dissolve to : long shot - sand and whale from the top of the lighthouse , we can see a group of interested spectator , cluster around the whale like ant at a picnic . a few more boat be beach and riding at anchor just off the shore , include the amity police boat . Three ant be walk towards the crowd , one of they gesture . CUT to : angle on brody , hendrick and a woman she 's lureen elkins , a marine biologist from the oceanographic Institute , and she 's skeptical . brody be the ant whose antennae be wave in the long shot . brody as soon as I hear about it , I call you . this thing be big ! his arm indicate big . elkins after we have look , we will talk . hendrick this be it . he move forward to clear the crowd . some kid be poke the massive hulk with stick . a tourist couple be snap away with a Polaroid sx - 70 . the whole mess stink , too . hendrick move back , please ... back off ... open it up a little ... the crowd edge back , give way to brody and elkins . brody see ? what would I tell you ? angle on the whale brody be hold a handkerchief to he nose as he approach the dead thing , indicate a huge open wound on the side . brody look at that ! elkins first thing first . she produce a tape measure and give one end to brody . elkins from the tip of the snout , please . elkins be measure the length of the creature . she call off number to hendrick , who be officiously write it all down , repeat number as he hear they . elkins length , 22 foot , 8 inch . brody come on , let 's check the bite radius . elkins ( cold ) the what ? brody bite radius . you know , the size of the mouth ? elkins the whale 's mouth ? brody the shark 's mouth . elkins what shark ? brody pitch he voice low , so that the crowd will not listen . brody the shark that do this . it be a shark , be not it ? elkins we do not know that , do we ? brody but that 's what we be here to find out , right ? elkins you do not tell I my job , and I will not tell you about yours , okay ? hendrick I can not hear you if you be go to whisper . mike can we go now ? he turn to join the kid as they slip through the crowd to return to they blanket , ad-lib good - by . brody ( to Mike ) you stay here a minute . mike oh , c'mon . brody you hear I . jackie we will be over by the lighthouse . mike I will be right there . wait up . they hang around , wait for he . elkins have reclaim brody 's attention . elkins could be a shark . but maybe not . brody look , I know a little bit about shark . elkins do you ? brody I know that this be probably a great White shark . car-cadon ... caradan ... he fumble for the correct Latin . elkins ( help out ) carcharadon carcharias . brody that 's it . elkins okay , so that 's it . brody be there one in this water ? elkins what make you think there might be ? brody because this big fish have be bitten by some other big fish ... elkins this be a mammal , not a fish . brody Jesus , do not quibble with I . I want to know if a great White shark do this . elkins probably . brody that 's it ? probably ? look , shark be attract by blood , and thrashing around ... elkins and sound . brody ( this be a new one ) sound ? elkins sound . like sonar , or radar . they home in on irregular sound , unusual sound , any rhythmic low - frequency vibration . brody so there 's one around here . elkins not necessarily . this wound could have be inflicted 30 mile out to sea , or more . none of they be immediately fatal . current could have carry the body 10 mile further . hendrick ( chime in ) we get a helluva tide this month . brody could you just keep that crowd back , please ? mike ( fidget ) pop ... brody you stay right here . you be go in with I . angle on brody and mike as elkins examine the whale , call she observation to hendrick . mike we come out in my boat . brody Andy can sail in it . mike I get a date ! brody she will understand . mike she will not . elkins lower jaw displace and lacerate by predator attempt to seize the tongue . additional large tissue loss in the dorsal and sub - dorsal area , as well as the caudal . oriamal bite radius 37 inch , allow for salt - water erosion and subsequent small predator and scavenger tissue attack ... the kid have move a little closer to hear what 's go on between father and son . brody I do not want to discuss it . elkins cross to brody . elkins it 's either a great White , or another killer whale . brody can not you tell ? elkins not when it 's like this . this animal have be ashore for 10 , 12 hour , and drift for a day , at least . every little nibbler in the sea 's take a bite . brody look -- can great White shark communicate ? send out signal , or something ? you know , take revenge , sense a enemy ... elkins do not be ridiculous -- shark do not take thing personally . mike dad , please ... brody turn on he . this at least , be something he can do something about . brody no more sailing . you come back with I , and that 's it . mike why I ? brody because I say so . andy I will tie up at the town dock , do not worry , man . jackie see you later , mikey ... ed and tina later , bye ... ( ad lib ) dissolve to : int . amity town hall - day Vaughn and brody enter , walk through the spare , empty town meeting hall , towards the conference table . they be alone . vaughn I be show summer rental . we get a helluva season go . brody we have get to talk , and we have get to talk alone . vaughn we be alone . brody Larry , I do not know how to say this , but I think we get a shark problem . a real one . Vaughn stare at he , then unlock the door to he private office -- " Mayor " -- and lead brody in . int . vaughn' office - day small , expensively furnish in antique , with a few symbol of amity boosterism clutter one wall : a photo of the beach , feature a shark tower ; a architect 's rendering of the new holiday Inn , some chart and graph show upward progress , a few still of businessman 's luncheon , plaque , award , etc . vaughn be you serious ? brody of course . look -- I have get some miss person , fatality , evidence of a large predator ... vaughn no one have see a shark -- no fin , no bite , nothing . be realistic . brody I get a feel . I have to act on it -- you can understand that , can not you ? vaughn of course I can , but can not it wait ? this thing cost money , and this town do not have much money . brody we have to do something . vaughn we have do something -- hell , we damn near go break put up a shark watch tower on the beach -- it 's the only one in 2000 mile , y'know . brody I know , I know ... vaughn and I stand by while you tell the people from ramada and Marriott that if they put up a hotel they would need $ 800,000 worth of steel net around they beach ! in New England ? we all lose on that one . brody it 's still a good idea . vaughn Martin , when we build up we tax base a little , you can have everything you want ; right now , the town 's break . brody please , Larry -- there 's good reason . that water skier ... vaughn ( interrupt ) a tragedy . but that be a boat accident ; no bite , no shark , nothing but a boat accident . brody two of they be still miss ! vaughn there 's always death in this water that never turn up . be they all shark victim ? brody maybe they be ! brody 's overstate he case , and he realize it . vaughn bullshit . brody ( shouting ) bullshit ? I will give you bullshit -- there 's a dead whale out there with bite all over it ! vaughn ( shouting back ) what be I , a ass ? when you call I , I call elkins , and she boss . nothing she see be proof of anything . brody someone have to do something . vaughn ( back in control ) do not push it this time . if you do , it will not turn out the way you want , I guarantee you that . the two man study each other for a long moment . then , vaughn I have get to get back to work . he hold the door for brody , who walk out as Vaughn lag behind , lock up he sanctum . CUT to : ext . amity beach road - day ( dusk ) brody be alone in the jeep , head for the safety of home and family . he drive past the town 's billboard : it 's cover with a architect 's rendering of the amity holiday Inn . the sign read : " when in amity , enjoy the holiday inn . " plaster across it be a add streamer : " now OPEN . " barely visible underneath be older notice : " under construction , " and " open in JUNE . " as brody pass the sign , he impulsively swing off the main road and head down towards the beach . ext . beach - dusk brody be on restless patrol , check the water 's edge as he continue on home . as he drive along , he see : a clambake ; some teen - ager in a group , neck and dance ; and a few solitary surfcaster and fisherman . the beach be desert , the sun be set , and brody and he jeep have the sand to themselves . it 's then that he see something : brody's point of view a big bow section of a ruin , burnt boat be bob in the surf just off the beach ahead . it 's a piece of the waterskier ' boat ; brody head towards it . angle on the surf as brody slow he jeep just short of the water , and get out to look at the flotsam . his shoe get wet . he back up onto dry sand , then try to edge closer to examine this object . it bob up and down in the surf ; brody make " get in here " motion . the junk resist . brody come on , give a guy a break . no response . he take off he shoe and sock , and roll up he trouser leg . a silly sight . he wade into the water after it . brody come on . here boy . come to poppa ... it elude he , and he flounder after it . a big wave break across he crotch . brody hoo ! cold ! he 's almost there , it 's just beyond he reach , he 's get it , he 's lose it , he have it again , it 's slippery ... brody ( ad lib ) come here . come on , sweetheart . you bastard . a little closer ... here y'go ... then , he 's get it --- brody ( exultant ) gotcha ! close on brody in the water as he grab the ruin wood , and pull it towards he . suddenly , the mass of wreckage break apart , and something lunge out of the mess and into brody . SHOCK CUT closeup - " the thing " brody be suddenly pin under a soggy char horror ; the gory remain of Diane , burnt beyond recognition , : flesh peel away , discolor , char , ruin by day in salt water . he scream , and scrabble in the wet sand , try to get out of the dreadful clutches of the half - human thing he 's dredge from the water . angle on brody extricate himself , puke , retching , splash water on he face , wash he hand frantically , just behind he , the thing lie on the sand , a gruesome joke play by the sea . dissolve to : int . brody's office - night - extreme closeup - cyanide bottle macro close on a pharmaceutical bottle of sodium cyanide , from which a syringe be withdraw a healthy dose . follow the syringe and reveal brody , work at he desk in the desert office . he be inject the deadly chemical into some jackete .38 hollow - point ammunition ; a dozen cartridge be line up in neat array , he be fill the last of they , sealing the point with wax from a burn red candle . the radio scanner be monitoring the local police band : routine report faintly in the b.g. -- a slow night in pre-season amity . angle on brody as a sound at the door make he look up . he hide the odd gear as hendrick enter , starch and crisp in he uniform . hendrick Chief ? brody in here . hendrick I miss you at the funeral home . Santos say you be here . brody you do not miss much . Christ , what a mess . hendrick positive i.d.? brody the woman passenger on the boat that blow up . hendrick oh. there 's a awkward pause . brody see the box with the diver ' stuff sit where it be leave earlier . brody what about that camera ? hendrick what camera ? brody that one -- from the wreck . you bring it up , do you look inside it ? hendrick ' guilty look confirm he do not . brody well , what the hell -- might be something worth see . take it somewhere and see if there 's film in it ... hendrick ( catch on ) if there be , develop it ! brody you get it . the deputy rummages in the locker , happy to be on the trail . hendrick I know just where to go . brody not the drugstore ! hendrick of course not , they be close . phil fogarty 's place . he will do it for I . brody the drugstore 's close ? what the hell time be it ? hendrick nine-thirty , ten maybe . brody shit -- I be late for dinner ... Close up , okay ? and he run for the door , the speed - loader with the cyanide bullet safely in he pocket . brody ( at the door ) oh yeah -- I be expect a long distance call , very important . give they my home phone . hendrick right . brody pat he pocket to make sure the speed - loader be safe inside , then exit . as hendrick watch he go , CUT to : ext . brody house - night brody 's jeep pull up , and he get out , beat . he be slouching towards the door when he hear the phone ring inside . he perk up , and start to move faster . CUT to : int . brody house - night ellen be on the phone in the de as brody enter the house . the kid be on the floor in front of the tv , play a electronic video game that ping and beep softly under the follow . ellen ( into the phone ) thank you . I will tell he . brody for I ? ellen ( hang up ) sort of -- Matthew hooper be aboard the research vessel aurora , presently in the Antarctic Ocean , and will not be in radio range until half - past next spring . brody damn . he start upstairs , casually conceal the towel - wrap package of gun and ammunition . mike be hooper come to dinner ? brody not till next year . he go upstairs , ellen wait a few beat , then follow he . CUT to : int . brody house - upstair - night brody come up the stair and go into the bedroom , where he carefully put the gun in the bed table . ellen find he . brody oh , hi -- how be dinner ? ellen oh , perfect -- a 75 per cent family affair . where be you ? brody ( get up ) Santos ' place . they both know what that mean -- the morgue . brody go into the bathroom and start scrubbing he hand compulsively . int . brody house - bathroom and hallway - night ellen follow brody , watch as he wash under too- hot water . brody oww ! ellen careful . what 's wrong ? brody nothing . ellen nothing , huh ? brody that 's what I say . be there any of that hand cleaner stuff ? ellen use the little brush there . why be you at Santos ' ? brody found one of the miss victim from that boat deal . ellen oh . want to talk about it ? brody no . ellen terrific . Mike come up the stair , and be start into he room when brody spot he ; Sean be just behind he . brody Michael . mike yeah ? brody you want to come here a minute ? Mike shrug and cross to he father ; Sean whizze past on into he room . sean hi dad . brody hiya yourself . mike what be it ? he expect something : this be a formal audience with the head of the House . brody I get something for you to do tomorrow . mike I kind of have plan ... brody sail ? ( Mike nod ) forget it . you be beach . ground . no more boat . mike hey , come on ... brody no backtalk ! I speak to upton , at the beach , and he 's get a job for you there . you can work until school start . ellen all summer ? brody he want a job , he 's get one . I want to see that boat out of the water by tomorrow night . we see Sean 's door open as he peep into the hall to see what the fuss be about . angle on sean's door it open a few inch , he look out at the grownup and he brother , decide he want no part of this , and quietly close the door . mike ( o.s. ) dad , please ... brody ( o.s. ) tomorrow night . out of the water . angle on the hallway Mike silently storm into he room , not -so-silently slamm the door as he exit . from inside the room , loud rock music muffle behind the door -- a expression of teen - age rebellion . ellen not so loud ! the music lower its volume . brody turn to go into the bedroom , to take he shoe off , to go to bed ... brody I know what you be go to say . ellen do you ? brody ( on the bed ) in the city , it happen all the time -- some kid o.d. 's on a rooftop , top , a drunk get cut in piece under the Brooklyn local , old people die alone in shitty apartment and three week later someone call the cop because of the smell and the fly . call the cop . what be we , immune ? ellen it be bad , be not it . brody the goddamn smell be always the same . ( he shudder at the recollection ) ellen be you go to be able to sleep ? brody yeah . I think so . ( he raise he voice ) Mike ! keep it down , for chrissake ! ellen get up , and quietly close the door . the upstairs hallway be empty , the door close . the brody household compartment and close for the night . dissolve to : ext . amity beach - day the familiar stripe cabanas flank the white sand ; there 's a crowd of midweek seasonal tourist and local oblivious to the tall steel tower that dominate the beach . a classy van outfit for passenger pull into the parking area , follow by Vaughn 's cadillac ; the parking attendant wave they into a preferential area , where they disembark : Vaughn , Peterson , ellen , and some more prospect , include a woman name Bryant and she daughter , Renee . peterson this be the town beach ; the development naturally have its own private access , but I want you to see the concession area . look at that sand -- like sugar ! he scoops up a handful of the fine powder . ellen direct the attention of the photographer . ellen during the summer , the sun set right there ... ( she point ) over the water . beautiful . vaughn ( to ellen ) I will say hello for you . ellen nod , preoccupy . Vaughn stroll away , head in the direction of the cabanas . Mary Nichols , a local selectwoman , emerge from behind the counter of one of the concession . nichol hello -- sell some more of the good life ? ellen a piece here , a piece there , it all add up . nichol you husband 's be here all morning . what 's he do ? ellen ( good-naturedly ) his job . Michael brody , dress in township workman 's coverall , be repaint some flaking woodwork . Sean be happily mixing paint . Vaughn join they . vaughn you dad get you work ? mike yeah . he continue he chore , without enthusiasm . sean I be help . vaughn you know where you dad be ? mike up there . he point at the tower . vaughn oh , for Christ 's sake . he cross briskly to where Peterson be finish . peterson and if you have any question about recreational possibility , ellen brody here will be happy to answer they . vaughn Len , can I see you a minute ? Peterson excuse himself and join the Mayor . peterson I think we get a couple of live one . vaughn brody 's riding he tower . peterson ( look up ) oh , shit . brody in the tower sweeping the water with binocular , restless eye try to scan everything , a grim watchman high over the head of the unsee crowd . on the water Larry Vaughn , Jr. come skim in close to the surf . Bob be handle the sheet , Larry be give young Jackie sailing lesson -- at the moment he 's show she how the tiller work . he 's on she like glue . jackie this be fun ! can we go faster ? larry ( to Bob ) trim . Bob do , Larry trim the main , and the hull lift . jackie yay ! she snuggle in Larry 's arm . he wave to someone . larry that 's my dad ! Jackie wave without see . on the beach Vaughn wave back , preoccupy . near he , Mike brody look up , he face grim , jealous , and now a little nut . he splashes paint onto the wood with angry abandon . vaughn ( to Peterson ) Wave to my son . peterson ( wave ) how the hell do we get he down from there ? vaughn maybe nobody will notice . let 's get they back in the bus . Mrs. Bryant approach they , tug she daughter . mrs . bryant Renee want to know what that man be do way up there ? peterson he 's , ah , watch . a lookout . mrs . bryant for what ? renee ( a precocious little girl ) it 's a shark tower . I see one in Florida . he 's look for shark . vaughn it 's a observation platform . that 's we Chief of Police . he 's just check it . peterson normally , it 's use for , ah , bird watch . nature observation . weather measurement , that sort of thing . ( a little desperate ) ellen , we be run late ! ellen okay . folk , if we could get back on , we will show you the country club , and stop for lunch ... at the mention of lunch , the prospect , all hungry , begin flocking back into the van . Peterson herd they along . peterson the country club have a 18 - hole course , put green , and twelve tennis court ... CUT to : brody in the tower still scan . his body suddenly tense . there 's something out there . he mash he binocular to he eye , try to get a better look . he point of view ( process ) through the binocular , something big and black , move under the buoy and into the swim area . brody again he can not believe it . but look past he , we can see it with the unaid eye : a seethe dark mass , move through the water towards the unprotect bather . brody ( scream ) out of the water ! everyone out of the water ! no one can hear he . a few little face look up , unable to catch what he 's say . he start climb down the ladder shouting . brody get out of the water ! tell everyone to get out ! now ! out of the water ! angle on peterson , vaughn , and nichol reacting . vaughn ( recalling another panic ) oh , my God ... peterson what the hell be he do ? nichol oh , no ! ellen , mike , and sean look up , startle at brody 's sudden panic . the water the dark mass almost on top of the swimmer , who be start to look around . most of they be oblivious to what 's happen on shore . follow brody as he foot hit the sand and he start run for the water , fumble for he gun and the speed - loader with the cyanide bullet . he be bump into people , knock little kid over , step on blanket and umbrella , a madman . brody out of the water ! now ! everyone ! vaughn running too , half -stumble , half - believe , remember ... ellen move after she husband , while Mike steady Sean , hold the impulsive kid back . ellen ( see something ) Martin ! no ! angle on brody again the gun be out now , he 's try draw a bead on the shape in the water ; chest heaving , he try to steady he shaky grip . people see the gun and scream , throw themselves flat on the sand , run , some of they go into the water . brody no ! do not go in ! stay out ! stay clear ! he fire . again . bullet ricochet off the water , howling towards the horizon . Real panic now . four more shot . reloading , eject round fall bright into the sand , brody on he knee , fumble with bullet . angle on a lifeguard stand on he platform , shocked , watch the Chief of Police fumble with he gun . lifeguard it 's bluefish ! it 's a school of bluefish ! Chief ! it 's bluefish ! angle on the water it be bluefish -- a tight mass of they , churn up the water in a dark , dense group . the swimmer look around , confuse by the shot and excitement . a swimmer what 's go on ? another swimmer Fish ! anyone get a net ? 3rd swimmer someone get I a rod and reel ! laughter defuse the tension in the water ; bather move around , some get closer to see the fish , other leave the water to join friend and family on the sand . angle on the beach where brody be now stand , panting , come down as a crowd collect at a safe distance around he : ellen emerge from a group that include Vaughn , Peterson , and Nichols . brody sorry . I be sorry . false alarm ... curious crowd murmur as they watch this lunacy . brody realize he 's fire he weapon , that spend shell litter the sand at he foot . brody okay , it 's all over , go on , it 's over . no trouble ... ellen join he . ellen it 's okay . it 's over ... brody drop to he knee , fumble for the cyanide bullet in he gun , try to put thing in order , scrabbling in the sand for the empty shell . the crowd be curious and embarrassed . some turn away , other drift back to they blanket , talk about what 's just happen , other stare rudely . brody be come apart . brody it 's all right , everything 's all right ... Sean emerge from the crowd , and help he daddy pick up the bullet , ellen move to disperse the rudely curious . ellen ( o.s. ) let 's go , everyone ... Mrs. Bryant , Len , please ... close on brody and sean he see Sean , he eye fill with tear , and he grab the kid in a fierce hug . dissolve to : int . town hall - day a hurriedly call meeting of the town 's selectmen be in session : Vaughn , Peterson , and three other : kaiser , a old man still in he grocery clerk 's apron ; sansom ; and Nichols , the woman on the beach . vaughn brody 's a good man . kaiser nobody say he be not . peterson you should have be out there . you should have see he wave that gun , like a maniac . there be shot fire ! vaughn he think he have a good reason . ms. nichol but that 's not rational behavior ! peterson that 's what I be say ! vaughn how many people be there ? ms. nichol hundre ! literally hundred . what be they go to say about we ? peterson ( to Vaughn ) Larry , I be a businessman , try to make a buck like anybody else . vaughn so ? so ? peterson so it can not be do like that . the man 's a menace , plain and simple . vaughn look , what be I suppose to do ? it 's do , it 's over . we have to deal with the consequence . sansom that 's what we be here to do . vaughn all right . let 's go into my office , where we can have a little privacy . angle from inside vaughn' office as the selectmen troop into the cramped quarter . Vaughn deliberately close the door as they find seat around the room . vaughn I believe we have a quorum , and informally , I suggest we call this meeting a executive session and dispense with minute ... CUT to : int . brody's office - day brody , alone , be sit at he desk , morosely study a little gold statuette of a pistol marksman . what 's do be do , and brody be try to figure out how to live with it . the phone ring , be answer in the other room . the buzzer sound . brody pick up he end . brody polly , no call , please ... ( she insist ) okay , okay . ( he punch a button ) hello ... phil ? fogarty ? what picture ... I will be right down ... he slam down the phone and get up to go , suddenly possess with a purpose . CUT to : int . darkroom - day amid the equipment , clutter and proofs , some shot of the holidome open , drying on wire . phil fogarty , the indignant fat man and town photographer , be lock the door behind a impatient brody . phil I do not know what you do , but that kid stop . I have not hear one peep , not one ' breaker breaker ' for day . believe I , it 's a pleasure ... brody you say something about a camera . phil sure , sure -- Jeff hendrick bring in this camera , see , from underwater , and I do not know how to get it open , but my brother - in - law , in montauk , he work at a hi-fi store , and they sell camera , so he ... brody ( interrupt ) do you get any picture ? phil well , yeah , I do , that 's the funny thing . you can not tell much from the negative , I be go to blow them up . here 's a test I do ... he hold out a 8 x 10 proof , brody snatch it from he . insert - photograph brody stare down at it . sure enough , the ghostly outline of the orca , underwater , a diver on the deck make a gesture at the camera . brody ( o.s. ) oh , Jesus . that boat ... angle on brody and phil phil not bad -- that 's a real fast lens , probably 1.4 . look at the diffusion , though ... brody what else you get ? phil let 's see -- you get a minute ? brody come on , phil , do not jerk I around . phil okay , okay -- stand over there ... he gesture , brody step to one side of a table with some big enamel pan for wash and develop print . phil switch to a red light , and take some printing paper , put it under the enlarger . quick cut : -- enlarger light go on . -- timer tick , the hand turn . -- Quick negative image : water , boat , diver , hand , boat again , tantalize fragment of the open sequence project on the enlarger 's flat base . -- hypo and developer sloshing in a pan under phil 's hand . -- brody stare down . insert ( process ) quietly gain contrast in a pan of developer , a print of what at first look like seaweed , then be unmistakably the grin jaw of the great White . subliminal flash CUT - shark a quick nightmare vision of brody , alone in a sink orca , trap in a batter cabin interior ; a great White crash through the glass , its head huge as it lunge . insert photograph in developer ( process ) the close - up detail of this otherwise blurred and unreadable photo be unmistakably a detail from a very close view of the snap jaw of a great White ; if you have not see it as a memory , it would make no sense at all . for brody , the meaning be all too clear ; for anyone who 's never see the monster face - to- face , it 's nothing . brody ( o.s. ) ( shake ) that one there . that one ... phil 's hand , hold plastic tong , gently slosh the print in the bath . the shark 's feature be indistinguishable from the surround detail . CUT to : ext . town hall - night brody walk into view , and start up the step into the town hall , already light from within . he 's carry a large envelope . int . town hall - night the selectmen ( kaiser , sansom , Nichols ) , Len Peterson , and Vaughn be seat informally around the big table . peterson ( look up ) speak of the devil . brody enter , carry the envelope with the photo . brody thank God you guy be all together . I get something for you . proof ! vaughn Martin , this be kind of a official meeting brody perfect . look at this --- he fumble with the envelope . vaughn Chief -- the board of selectmen have a question only you can answer . brody ( preoccupy ) what ? peterson be Jeff hendrick qualified to fill in as a interim Chief of Police in you absence ? brody temporarily ? uh ... sure ... the question 's out of leave field . why be they ask ? nichol so Jeff could handle thing ? he know the routine , he have the authority ? brody yeah . why ? peterson it come up during the meeting . brody look -- I just get this from phil fogarty . it be in the camera belong to the miss diver . it prove I be right , all along . he throw the picture down in front of they . they bend over to study it , pass it around , look at it . kaiser seaweed ? nichol it 's underwater , be not it ? that 's why it 's so dark . sansom I do not know -- what be it ? brody it 's a shark ! a great White ! Jesus , it 's right there ! he snatch up the photo . insert photo just as before , a ambiguous pattern of light and dark ; not proof of anything without brody 's inner vision . vaughn ( o.s. ) it 's nothing I can see . angle on brody wave the picture . brody what be you all , blind ? it 's a shark . look -- tooth , jaw , gill . peterson be that what it be ? brody you be damn right that 's what it be . nichol I be sorry , I just do not see it . sansom and kaiser agree , ad lib , " that 's nothing ... " vaughn Martin , it could be anything . brody ( explode ) what the hell do it take to make sense to you numbskulls ? Jesus , it 's right there in front of you . I know what a goddamn shark look like , I have be through it , do not you understand ? I have see this sonofabitch before ! the selectmen look at each other in the face of brody 's agitation . temper be run high . peterson what have you see before ? this be nothing . seaweed . mud. something in the lens . brody my ass ! vaughn be reasonable , please ... peterson ( to Vaughn ) forget it , he will not listen . brody there be nothing to discuss . peterson ( blow up ) will you listen to this man ? will you just listen to he ? ( to brody ) you really cause a panic on a public beach , you shoot up the place , God know who could have be injure -- what if somebody decide to sue we ? that could ruin we . brody be that what it be ? dollar ? money ? I will pay for it . take it out of my salary . peterson you do not make enough . brody maybe I do not make as much money as some bullshit rip-off artist around here , but I do not work the same way . peterson what 's that suppose to mean ? brody it mean I do not like all that grab - ass and heavy breathe with my wife , it mean I know who 's out to screw I here , and it mean that I know something none of you know because I have be there -- and I do not want to go through that horror again . ever ! there 's a long pause . vaughn Martin , could you wait here for a few minute while we make up we mind about something ? brody go ahead , whatever it 's worth . the selectmen file into Vaughn 's office , leave brody alone in the room . the last one in the door very carefully make sure it 's tightly shut . brody sit alone at the table . CUT to : int . vaughn' office - night they be sit there , deliberate . peterson I will not mention he personal attack on I . nichol I have never see he like this . peterson and hendrick be qualified , you hear that from he own mouth . kaiser we make a motion and it be already seconded . vaughn ( official ) very well then . it be move and seconded that Martin brody be relieved of he duty as Chief of Police , he contract with the township be terminate , and that Jeff hendrick be appoint acting Chief in the interim . that in favor ? all the hand go up . peterson anyone oppose , or be it unanimous ? Vaughn 's hand go up , the sole dissent . they stare at he . vaughn I be sorry , but I respect he conviction . the motion be carry . he go to the door , and open it . vaughn Martin ? could you come in please ? CUT to : ext . brody house - night the police jeep pull up and stop ; although the engine 's shut down , brody still sit quietly inside the car . then he hand appear at the window , and he drop a empty beer can onto the lawn . clink . after a while , he drop another beer can , then another , until the " clink " tell we he 's polished off a six - pack on the way home . not too steady on he foot , brody climb out of the car and start for the door to he house . CUT to : int . brody house - night ellen be work at she desk in the de . she be look towards the door , expectantly -- it 's be a unusually long pause between car arrival and husband arrival . brody enter . ellen hi . I close a sale today , without Len . that 's $ 1200 commission , if the papers go through . brody that 's great . ellen Sean 's asleep . brody that 's great too . gorgeous . he take a long look at she . brody you look about 22 year old sit there . like you be do homework ... he go to join she , bump into some furniture in the dimly light room . ellen have a beer and sandwich half - finish on she desk ; brody take a healthy swallow from the beer . ellen ( sensitive ) what 's wrong ? brody ooohh , nothing . I just get fire , that 's all . he toss the photo sloppily on the desk . ellen what ? brody what would I say ? ellen that you be fire . brody then that 's what I mean . fire . can . out on my fanny . the selectmen just make hendrick the new Chief of Police . just like that . ellen because of today ? the beach ? brody ( expansively ) no sweat . a bless in disguise . back to the city , you can go to bloomingdale 's without wait six hour for the ferryboat ... we be surround by water here , you realize that ? I , surround by water ... ridiculous . ellen stop that ! we be not go any place . you love it here . tell I what the hell happen ! brody show they the photo , show they the goddamn shark , big as life . they do not see it . not like I . not like the poor son-of - a-bitch who snap this li'l picture ... he 's out there , somewhere ... I shot off my gun , shot off my big mouth , so they fire I ... ellen ( study the photo ) honey , this be nothing ... I do not know what it be . what do they ... brody ( go on ) ... everybody want the job . no one want the authority . except hendrick . Fine . he can go out there in that precious boat , and when he look whitey in he big mouth he can just call I . call I in New York ... tell he to kiss my ass ... ellen ( see he pain ) they have no right to treat you like that . you have give they everything . for four year , you have protect this town , the people on this island ... brody fire I ! ( at ellen ) I be not a hysterical man . I be responsible . I know what I see ... ellen I know you do ... brody I try. goddamnit , I try ... now , I be tired ... I can not keep fight it ... I be too tired ... I be ... I be ... brody 's slip under ; the beer and the day have finally overcome he . he slump in ellen 's arm . ellen you be drunk be what you be ... she ease he onto the couch , tucking a comforter over he inert shape . ellen take it easy ... easy ... angle on the stairwell Sean come down the stair , sleepy , in he pajamas . sean be dad home ? I hear something ... he come into the darken de . ellen and sean ellen shhhh . go back upstairs . daddy 's sleep . Sean find the photo , and stare at it idly . sean what 's this ? ellen nothing , sweetheart . seaweed . she take he by he sleepy hand and lead he out of the room , leave brody tuck in on the couch , dead to the world . CUT to : int . newsstore - night this be the amity teen - ager 's hangout -- a newsstand and pinball arcade with a minimal refreshment counter where soft drink and submarine sandwich be dispense . a jukebox be blaring some n.d. rock music . present be donnie , Doug , timmy , Bob , Larry Vaughn Jr. , brooke , marge , denise , Jane , Andy , and Mike . the boy be pass around hot-rod van and custom boat magazine ; the girl be look at Silver screen , Tiger beat , people , and time . Andy and Mike be at the counter , split a sandwich . doug ( hold a book ) that 's what I want -- a gaff rig . timmy gaff rig ? why not a staysail schooner ? go anywhere . look at this -- the mayan , a alden schooner . bob hey , Mike -- I see you dad over at the town hall . mike I know . doug ( innocently ) do he really freak out at the beach ? mike I do not know . andy hey , it 's all bullshit . anyone want to play pong for money ? no one do . there 's a bustle at the door , and some couple enter from the movie : Patrick and Lucy , Ed and Tina , polo and Jackie . there be a lot of ad-lib greeting ; larry how be the show ? ed yech . tina it be okay . patrick I would rather go the lighthouse . lucy who would not . polo anyone want to go the lighthouse ? brooke now ? at night ? polo nah. tomorrow . early , spend the day . my folk leave two case of beer in the garage . patrick be it still there ? polo nope . get it in my boat . lucy all-right . jackie let 's go for it . there 's a general ad-lib agreement to organize a day 's sailing picnic . tina Mike , you go ? mike why should not I ? larry I think you might still be painting the restroom at the beach . laughter from the gang . brooke anyone want a coke or anything ? they break up into pair and trio , some go for the soda fountain , other hang out by the magazine . angle on jackie and mike jackie I would like to go out to the lighthouse with you . mike I be not sure I can . jackie it will be fun , come on ! mike maybe you and brooke could come over to the town beach ... jackie no way . everybody 's go sailing . if you do not want to take I , just say so . mike that 's not it . my dad tell I not to go . jackie you do everything you parent tell you ? mike no . jackie good . I will be on the dock at eight . ( to the gang ) eight o'clock , everybody ! they ad lib agreement . jackie ( aside to Mike ) I really want to to be there . ( to the crowd ) who 's bring the wine ? and who 's get a quarter for the box ? brooke take Mike aside , as Jackie go to the jukebox . Larry be right there with a quarter , stand next to she as they select a tune . brooke she just like to tease . I think she really like you . mike great . some rock music start , and we : CUT to : int . brody bedroom - day ellen be asleep under the cover , brody , still in he clothes from the night before , be sprawle on top ; obviously he 's stumble upstairs sometime during the night . there 's a noise down the hall , from Mike 's room . brody stir , but do not wake up . CUT to : int . mike' room - day Mike be hold a lamp that 's almost fall -- the noise we just hear . he 's almost dress , but not quite satisfied with he image in the mirror . he take off he clean shirt , and check a more comfortable , wear shirt . a brief sniff to make sure it 's okay for another day , and he put it on ; he tiptoe to the hall , where a noise stop he in he track . int . brody hallway - day Mike be freeze in he part-opene bedroom door . Sean 's door open , and little Sean , also fully dress , come sneaking out . sean ( whisper ) you be go out . mike yeah . sean you be go sailing . mike maybe . sean take I . mike no . sean ( louder ) I want to go with you ! mike quiet ! shhh ! sean ( even louder ) Michael ... mike okay , okay . Close you door . Sean do , and happily tiptoe with exaggerated stealth to Mike ; the two of they start downstairs . CUT to : ext . brody house Michael and Sean be walk away towards the road into town . CUT to : int . brody upstair hallway - day brody emerge from the bathroom , dress in sweatshirt , and cutoff : no uniform today . he start downstairs , stop only to look into Mike 's room . it 's empty . brody good morning , America ... a grin cross he face -- " my son , the Don Juan ... " he go downstairs . CUT to : int . brody kitchen - day brody enter from upstairs . he heat coffee . ellen enter dress for work . he pour two cup . ellen what be you go to do today ? brody turn in the car . clean my desk , explain thing to we son , then maybe get shit - face and punch you boss . ellen I will give notice . brody do not rush into it -- we may need the income . she pour the coffee , they drink it for a moment . brody Mike leave early . could not wait to make out . must be a morning man . ellen and brody sip they coffee quietly for a few moment . Mrs. silvera arrive , carry grocery . mrs . silvera Morning . anything special today ? ellen Sean 's not up yet . you know what he like , just some fruit loops and milk . no candy . brody the sink upstairs be bust . try some drano , or a plunger , maybe . or call you brother , the plumber , what 's he name ... mrs . silvera frankie . he 's my cousin . brody frankie . okay . ask he if he need a apprentice . brody and ellen be at the door . mrs . silvera have a nice day . they leave . CUT to : ext . dockside - day the kid be into they boat , fitting out for a day of recreational offshore sailing . Mike and Andy be readying he tornado , while Sean get in the way . in the b.g. , hendrick can be see putter around on the amity police boat . andy if you be beach , why be we do this ? for practice ? mike yeah . andy then why be we futzing around the dock ? we can make a few buck work at the beach . Sean knock something over , Mike snap at he . mike look -- if you be go to get in the way , you can just go home . sean I be not in the way . Andy , be I in the way ? andy you be always in the way . marge join they , scoop Sean up . marge this guy give you any trouble ? sean put I down ! andy put he down in the water . marge ( to Sean ) you want to go out in my boat ? sean yeah . mike would you take he ? marge sure . andy you have just make someone very happy . marge and Sean go over to she lighten . brooke and Jackie come down the dock , dress for sailing . brooke Mike ! be you go out ? mike maybe . jackie I think you be ground . mike I can go out if I want to . andy you can ? jackie you go to the lighthouse ? mike why not ? andy I could give you a dozen good reason . mike ( to Andy ) shut up . andy okay , okay , do not say I do not remind you . jackie be there room on you boat for all of we ? Mike look : Andy , Jackie , brooke , himself ... timmy move in , sense the chance of a lifetime . andy well , we be pretty crowded , and I do not know when we be leave ... timmy make he move . timmy I have get room . brooke great . ( to Andy ) that 's okay -- I will go with timmy . timmy you will ? brooke sure . and she walk towards he boat , look back for he to follow . he 's dumbstruck by he sudden good fortune . timmy fan-tas-tic ! he run to join she , untying moor line like crazy ; they be together again at last for the first time . Andy be leave shuffle with Mike and Jackie . jackie I be ready . and she plop down in Mike 's boat , ready to be take . anywhere . jackie come on , you guy . andy well , I do not know ... Jackie flash he one of she pouty little smile . why break one heart when you can break two ? or more ? jackie please come with we ? Mike be glaring . the message be clear , if unspoken . jackie for I ...? andy what the hell . for you ... Andy join they . Mike cast off , while Andy help , and Jackie sit there , look cute . angle on larry and bob watch what 's go on . bob I think you say she be go with we ? larry let 's just go sailing , okay ? bob ( casting off ) want to talk about it ? larry want to swim home ? Bob get the message and shut up . the sizzler fill its sail , and point out of the harbor . wide on the harbor lot of day - sailing kid , a few bigger , adult boat , some work fisherman and sport fisher ; a typical recreational boat mix . the kid be find the same general direction , point out of the harbor . quick cut -- sail be trim . -- brooke and timmy , stare into each other 's eye as he set a course straight for the lighthouse . -- Larry , lift a hull , almost lose Bob . ext . harbor mouth - day the kid ' boat , in a loose bunch , slip out to sea . reverse - looking out to sea the dive class boat , isolate near the channel , a group of kid in wet suit and tank assemble with three adult instructor : Tom andrew , crosby , and sparky . ext . diving boat - day andrew and he assistant instructor , sparky , be address the class , when Mike and Andy 's " Green Machine " sail by , close . andrews hey ! Nicholas ! you be suppose to be in class ! andy today I be stay topside . you dive for I ! andrews I be go for lobster . jackie great ! find one for I . andy with butter , if they get any ... andrew dismiss they with a good - nature wave . andrews so long , turky . he turn to he class . andrews sparky will take you down today . if everyone 's get a buddy , we will drop . the class dutifully line up and start go in , while in the b.g. the kid sailboat head out to sea . andrew ' two partner , crosby and sparky , get ready to follow the class over . crosby ( to andrew ) let 's get some dinner . he go over , andrew follow . sparky be with the class , signal " down ; " they submerge like clumsy seal . CUT to : underwater the class , pair up , be drift down ; sparky offer encouragement as they descend . andrew and crosby be already disappear , swim away with strong kick . following andrews and crosby as they go over the edge of a shelf and drop into darker , deeper water . crosby check he depth , he watch , look around ... he point of view far above he , the class , go about they business . below he , murk , depth , and suddenly , a big lunker bass . andrew see it , too . angle - on andrews assume crosby be follow , he take off , follow the big lunker . crosby , hang up in some minor equipment problem , miss see he go . the two man be separate . follow andrew as he twist and turn after the bass , go deeper , lose he in the rock , suddenly round a boulder , and meeting , almost face - to - face , horror : below he the shark the great White shark , take the striper in a single gulp , it 's look up at andrew with one glassy doll 's eye ; it turn to face he directly , and we see the scar ; ugly , red and black , char flesh from jaw back on the right side , eye and tooth gleam like raw bone in the massive , uncare face . andrew ' mouth clamp violently on he mouthpiece , then go wide as he scream in fear into the water . fin backwards , he ditch he weight , gulp for air , and yank the cord on he safety vest . it balloon out , and pull he up , surging towards the surface . the mouthpiece , useless , fall away from he lip . eye close , hose dangle , andrew hurtle upward , hold he breath in a final , fatal panic , pass a startle crosby . the diver look over at the rocketing ascent . what 's wrong ? sparky signal " up , " and they begin to carefully follow he towards the surface . crosby 's already surfacing . CUT to : deck of the diving boat - day andrew be on he side , bloody froth on he lip . one of the class be cling to he leg , try to arrest he convulsion . sparky be hold he shoulder , try to administer mouth - to-mouth . sparky get we in ! for Christ 's sake , get we in ! in he arm , andrew writhes , pain knotting he limb . behind they , in the water , the fin surface , and casually turn towards ... the ocean . the shark be head for the sea . and for the now distant kid in they sailboat , dotting the horizon in they familiar bright color . CUT to : ext . ocean - ed and tina's sandpiper - day they be alone . in the middle distance , the rest of the kid ' sail can be see , head for the lighthouse in the distance . the sandpiper 's sail be luffing , they be make no headway . tina you want to tack , or just leave she point up like this ? ed ( snuggling close ) just like this . tina what about sailing ? ed the tide 's run . it will take we to the light . tina it will take we to budapest if you be not careful . Ed be lash the rudder as they continue to drift with the current . ed first thing first . he fumble in a cooler chest , produce a bottle of wine . tina what about the other ? ed they will be there when we get there . might even have a fire start . tina what be we go to do in the mean time ? ed I dunno . we will think of something . he pour the wine into the two paper cup . ed but first , a little juice ... tina and second ? ed ( kissing she ) mmmmmm . tina ( resisting ) wait a minute . promise I something . ed anything . anything . tina that you will put down a blanket . I have get black and blue mark all over my butt , and my Mom 's get uptight about they . ed you get it . and he fumble for a blanket in a locker , thumping and bang gear around as he rummages for it . Tina sip wine contentedly , satisfied to wait . underwater the sandpiper 's hull , alone above we , as the shark rise with dreadful certainty , attract by the erratic sound of Ed 's hasty search . angle on tina - watching the ocean the terrible fin break the surface , about 20 yard out , then dip and disappear . then , impossibly fast , the entire sandpiper be lift from underneath by a powerful surge , as the shark lunge up against it from below , a unseen horror . Ed be knock over the side , into the water . angle on ed as he break the surface , shaking the hair out of he eye , try to orient himself , find the boat . he start to swim for it , Tina extend a arm to help he climb aboard . angle over the gunwale , toward ed he have barely take two stroke when a powerful force take he from below the surface , rush he towards we through the water . Tina scream . before Ed can react to the pain , he be slam face first into the boat . his jaw break , blood smear he nose and lip . his hand grab the wooden - cap rail with a death -grip . reverse Tina be stare down at the water , terror-stricken ; Ed 's arm and head be f.g. , as he lock onto the boat with desperate hand . insert Ed 's hand on the rail , knuckle white , a iron grip . with awful finality , the force pull down , and the wood shatter and split away as Ed 's hand be pull down and under by the awful force . tina she mouth work silently , unable to scream , stare down at the blood and froth on the water , swirl in a grim eddy under she , the sandpiper rock gently in the diminish swell . ext . ocean - day - establishing shot on the way to the lighthouse , but away from the harbor , the kid be sailing in fairly close order : the sloops ( polo , timmy , marge ) heele well over in the stiff breeze , the faster cat ( Mike , Larry , donny , etc. ) skim around , tack more often , faster and more maneuverable . close on patrick and lucy lucy faster ! faster ! patrick come about ... she duck under the boom , handle the jib sheet with easy familiarity . they come about and scoot off on a new tack . close on polo reading the wind , trimming sail expertly , competent and alone . polo ( to a near - by boat ) great day ! I think the wind 's go to change ... close on timmy and brooke he come about , she slide into he , he hold she to steady she , she snuggle into he arm . true love , at last ... he 's thrilled . close on doug in he inflatable , poke slowly along . marge pass he , Sean hoot with glee . marge come up . sean slowpoke ! slowpoke ! marge be faster ! doug I be get new sail , then watch out . just a question of modify the rigging ! angle on mike' " GREEN machine " Jackie , Mike and Andy , clipping along , Larry Vaughn and Bob in the sizzler nearby . Mike lift the hull , Jackie squeal in delight . jackie wheee ! faster ! andy how fast be enough ? jackie I want to go faster ! mike hang on ... he trim he sheet , the cat heel more , one hull fly , Andy and Jackie cling to the trampoline . angle on the sizzler Larry be carefully adjust he tiller , Bob sense what he 's do . bob you come up on he ? larry you bet . hang on ... they gybe sharply , run up behind the green cat . larry come up ! give way ! andy like hell ! we be on the starboard tack ! the sizzler and the " GREEN machine " running close to each other ; very tight two - by-two . jackie do not let he pass . faster ! Mike and Larry silently fight for clean air , racing . Water splashes over they . jackie my hair 's get wet ! andy so 's mine . close on mike' boat he veer onto a less dramatic tack , spare Jackie 's hair . Larry and Bob speed by , yell . jackie when do we get to the lighthouse ? andy soon , dark eye , soon . mike the tide 's turn . Andy reveal a knowledgeable side to he character . andy we be go to be fight the current . ( he look up ) wind 's back around a few point , too . Jackie snuggle against Mike . jackie I can not wait to get there . andy but of course . he go forward to trim the jib , leave the lovebird snuggling astern . they pull away from we , and we : CUT to : ext . amity waterfront STREET - day ellen and brody be in the jeep ; he 's drive she to work . there 's a crowd at dockside , and the town ambulance 's now familiar blink red light . brody , out of force of habit , wheel the jeep towards the action , nudging through the crowd , which give way to the official blue- and - white vehicle . ellen hey -- it 's not you job any more . I be go to be late for work . brody just one minute ... he get out , and push through the crowd , ellen follow . dockside the dive boat be moor at a clumsy angle next to the Police Boat , where hendrick have be pull routine maintenance . the Police launch be cluttere with tool and spare part ; some non-essential piece of gear be stripped and laid out on the deck . hendrick be on the dive boat , kneel next to andrew . aboard the dive boat andrew be shaking , bloody froth on he lip and chest . the shake diver be huddle together , a ambulance attendant be wheeling a gurney into position . crosby and sparky be stunne . brody what the hell happen ? sparky embolism . Air bubbles in he blood . come up too damn fast . held he goddamn breath ! he be near collapse himself . hendrick easy ... crosby he panicked ! something scared he ! a ambulance attendant be put a blanket around sparky . attendant it 's okay . we be take care of he . the other attendant hold something out to brody . brody examine it ; a scuba mouthpiece , bitten in two , useless . brody how would this happen ? sparky bite reflex , like a spasm . brody when ? hendrick right after , the kid go out ? ellen what kid ? who go out ? hendrick all of they . Mike , junior Vaughn , brookie Peters , Pat , Lucy -- all that whole gang . ellen Mike ? we Mike ? hendrick yep . look like they be head to the lighthouse . brody how long ago ? hendrick about a hour , maybe two . ( think ) let 's see -- I come on about eight ... brody be go , push through the crowd . the police boat brody be casting off line . ellen be on the dock , watch he . ellen what be you do ? brody go out . hendrick uh , Chief -- look . you be not Chief any more . brody keep work , make ready for sea . hendrick I can not let you take she out . brody you can not stop I . ellen be climb aboard , take off she heel . hendrick Mrs. brody , look -- if he can not go , then you can not go . neither of you can go . ellen I be go . brody Mike 's out there . hendrick but I sign for the boat . you be not authorize any more . brody start the engine with a roar , and slam it into reverse . the boat start out of the slip , then lunge to a halt , shudder on its still - fastened bow moor line . brody untie that rope . hendrick please . it 's my job . ellen I will do it . and she move purposefully towards the boat cleat . hendrick Mrs. brody , please ... brody be shifting gear , the boat be crabbing sideways as he put the helm hard over . it bump the dock , hard . hendrick you be too close . back off . brody goddamnit , hendrick , untie the rope there . hendrick go to the bow , jump aboard and frees the bow line . the boat slip into reverse , the water boil as brody gun it away from the dock . hendrick let I . please . he take the wheel , ease off on the rudder , and come about , point the launch out to sea . ellen hurry , please . hendrick what the hell , they can not fire both of we -- someone 's get to be in charge , right ? which way be we go ? brody find the kid . the lighthouse -- you say something about the lighthouse . get we there . wide on the harbor the amity Police Boat , brody , ellen and hendrick aboard , be head under full power out to sea . hendrick be pump the horn , warning boat out of the way , ignore the rule of the road ; as small boat scatter out of the way , we can see the ambulance , red light flash , push out slowly through the crowd at dockside . CUT to : aboard the amity police boat - day as they clear the harbor mouth , brody be on the radio , ellen be crouching in the shelter of the deckhouse , hendrick be steering . brody amity Launch to Harbor patrol , over . harbor patrol ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Harbor patrol . be that you , brody ? brody affirmative . can you get you chopper airborne ? patrol voice 10 - 4 , in a few minute . he 's down check a buoy in the Bay Channel . brody get he the hell over to amity Point , the old lighthouse . right now . patrol voice what for ? brody there 's a bunch of kid day - sailing that way . turn they back to port . patrol voice that 's it ? brody that 's it . just do it , all right ? patrol voice 10 - 4 , soon as I can raise he . brody if they be not at the light , look for they . I do not want they out there . get they back to port ! patrol voice ( exasperate ) affirmative , affirmative . turn the kid day - sailing back to port . I hear you . patrol out . as brody 's eye sweep the horizon anxiously , hendrick pour it on , and the police boat surge forward . CUT to : ext . ocean - day - kide sailing donnie and denise and susie be sailing close to each other . donnie hungry ? DENISE starve . let 's go eat now . donnie ( shouting to susie ) we be go in to eat ! she nod agreement , they boat veer off from the rest and head towards the lighthouse . CUT to : angle on the sizzler as it sail close to the Green Machine . larry hey ! brody ! want to race ? mike ( confident ) sure . larry how about a side bet to make it interesting ? jackie that 's fun ! let 's race for something ! mike name it . larry loser sail home alone . andy ( aside to Mike ) you be betting what you already get . mike I do not care . jackie I love it . andy sure you do -- you win either way . jackie ( simply ) I be suppose to . larry it 's a bet . once around the marker buoy ? mike that 's the pin -- the buoy . Larry be confident -- he 's get the air , but Mike suddenly gybe without warning , snap onto a new fast tack , downwind . Larry and Bob be catch by surprise , and lose precious moment as they fumble with they sail . andy ( pull away ) turkey ! eat wind ! mike yee-hah ! he pound with glee on the canvas trampoline as they boat move ahead , a drum sound . underwater the twin hull of a catamaran 's hull , the muffle , eerie sound of drum , as the water carry the tempting " thud - thud - thud " sound down to the deep . angle on doug in he inflatable fall behind as the boat change course for the marker buoy , follow Larry and Mike 's lead . doug hey ! wait for the h.m.s. invincible ! brooke and timmy sail by he , laugh ; polo with they . brooke can not -- we be watch a race ! doug since when ? who 's racing ? timmy Larry and Mike ! patrick and lucy Pat and Lucy be trimming sail , move faster . lucy Mike and Larry be racing ! loser go home alone ! patrick if we beat they , they can both go home stag ! single - o! alone ! Jackie can come back in this boat ! lucy what about I ? patrick uh. well . maybe you could give polo a hand go in ... lucy ( snap he with a rope ) you ass I will . besides , the wind 's turn with the tide . sail back be go to be a bitch . quick cut - sailboat racing montage -- ropes and sail rattling through block . -- sail snap taut , fill with wind . -- catamaran heele over , racer hang over the water , dangerously suspend in trapeze harness . -- skipper ' face , concentrate on boat handle . aerial view - sailboat it 's the chopper 's point of view , as the Harbor patrol copter from the cape fly towards the kid , follow brody 's previous instruction . he see the sailboat and fly that way . pilot ( filter , into he mike ) Air patrol to base . I have visual contact on the kid . go down to use the loud hailer ... looking up at the approaching copter it approach the sailboat , lose altitude fast , rotor blade chuffing up a storm . the Pilot have he microphone to he lip , and he voice be blaring down at they . pilot ( v.o. ) this be the Harbor patrol . return to port immediately . return -- to -- port -- immediately . the boat the kid look at each other , some come about awkwardly , other luffing , wonder what this be all about . andy ( to Mike ) you dad must be really piss . mike we better go back in . andy it 's not go to be easy . jackie what 's wrong ? mike we be fight wind and current . I though we would be out longer , catch the income tide . andy putz -- that will not be for hour . mike I be count on hour . chopper ( v.o. ) return -- to -- port . mike we be try , we be try . he wave acknowledgement , and put about . the other take they cue from he , and set a rough course back , but without much success . patrick and lucy lucy head back ? patrick might as well . angle on the three sloops polo , timmy and brooke , marge and Sean . they see the faster catamaran come about and try to beat back . polo they be turn around . lucy come about , then . sean be we go back ? marge go to try . lighthouse , everybody ... she put about , the three of they start back towards the lighthouse , not make much headway . Doug 's inflatable be the slowest , and he be now , by virtue of he position , at the head of the line beat back towards the island . doug's boat the other in the b.g. doug make way for the carrier Enterprise ! insert - a weak patch in the rubber it whistle and visibly leak under the strain . doug look down in dismay . doug make that the Titanic . he rig a little foot pump , and begin thumping away , try to breath air back into the raft . int . chopper - looking down at the sailboat pilot patrol one to base . look like they be turn back . control all right , patrol . go back to work . you have waste enough time . underwater look up at the scattered hull of the sailboat , the turbulence from the low - fly chopper make a vast circular pattern of irregular vibration . looking up at the chopper it wheel around , and head back towards land . CUT to : aboard the amity police boat - day rushing through the seas under full power . about three hundred yard ahead , a small , seemingly empty sailboat ; Ed and Tina 's sandpiper . further off , a day -sail power cruiser , sport fishing . ellen Michael ? brody it 's not he boat . hendrick maneuver closer , slow the engine , reversing in time to bring they alongside with a gentle bump . ellen watch apprehensively as brody drop into the little boat . ellen be careful ... hendrick anything ? brody ( on the sandpiper ) nope ... ( he see something ) hold on ... brody move around on the deck of the sandpiper , until he discover Tina , cower in shock ; a sudden revealing of a terrorize victim . brody Tina ! tina ( a moan ) n-o-o-o-o-o-o... brody it 's okay , it 's okay . what 's the matter ? Tina ? honey ? hey -- tina no ! it 's still there ! brody what be it ? what 's there ? tina it 's still there ! brody ( to hendrick and ellen ) I need a hand here ... hendrick have get a blanket , and he step over , put it over the shiver girl 's shoulder . ellen comfort the girl . ellen Tina , baby ... what be it ? tina sh ... sh ... shark ... angle on brody - following he as he react brody I know it . I goddamn well tell they . he move abruptly , step up onto the police launch , snap on the radio , leave hendrick , ellen and Tina on the sailboat moor alongside . brody amity Launch to Harbor patrol . patrol commander ( v.o. ) ( filter ) this be cape patrol -- what be it , brody ? I hear you be not chief anymore . brody skip that . what about that kid out sailing ? commander ( v.o. ) it 's all okay -- colby get to they . they be turn back when he leave them . brody he leave they ? commander ( v.o. ) sure . he 's get work to do in Bay Channel . brody get he the hell back there ! we get possible fatality ! brody out ... his eye wild , brody look over at the sandpiper , then scan the nearby water with sudden tension . brody's point of view ellen and hendrick comforting Tina on the sandpiper . nearby , a big cabin cruiser casually trolling by . brody pull the police boat 's air horn , the cruiser 's passenger look over , hendrick and ellen jump at the unexpected blast . angle on brody brody I be go out there . hendrick hey -- you can not do that . ellen what be it ? what 's the matter ? brody Mike 's out there . brody start the launch 's motor , throw clear the moor line that tie the two boat together . brody ( to hendrick ) get she in . get they both in . ellen Martin , please ! hendrick Chief , be sensible ... brody where be they ? hendrick about 10 degree off you starboard bow , take a head leeward of Sand Island , and lay she north by northeast ... brody never mind that shit . just point . hendrick comply . hendrick ( point ) see where cable Junction be ? look to the leave . the lighthouse . that 's it . brody get it . and he kick the engine into gear , move the launch away and out toward the sea . ellen come back ! Martin ! he gun the engine as soon as he 's clear . hendrick give he jacket to a suddenly chill ellen , and hail the cabin cruiser , already change course to pick they up , sounding its horn . ellen stare after the recede boat . ellen my purse be on that boat . CUT to : ext . ocean - day - the kide sailboat they be try to beat back towards the lighthouse , fight wind and tide . only Doug 's inflatable , with its clumsy little motor , be make any headway . angle on doug play at be Charles laughton . doug Mr. Christian ! Mr. Christian ! Pump up this boat ! and shave that silly moustache ! pump , steering , he 's floundering along . underwater - moving toward the surface the shark have fixate on something -- one outly shape , the easily identifiable outline of Doug 's inflatable , thumping and put . it home in on the sound . angle on doug and the kide the other kid exchange banter with Doug in he raft , as he clown for they benefit . doug England expect every man to do he duty ... you may fire when ready , gridley ... damn the torpedoe , full speed ahead ... despite he pump , the bulg patch burst with a loud bang . doug oh , shit . andy someone pop you balloon ? doug no problem , no problem . jackie want a lifesaver ? marge how about a skyhook ? doug you sail you boat , I will sail mine . a fin rise partially , almost invisible to most of the kid , but Mike notice it , believe it to be a porpoise . mike hey , fetterman -- you get company . doug company ? the place be a mess ... before anyone can react , the shape rise behind Doug , strike he raft a terrible blow . doug whoops . CUT to : the other , watching not make any headway themselves , they casually watch the class clown , wonder what he 's up to this time . doug's boat a distance from the rest . it shake , then blow up as big tooth grip it from below . Doug go fly into the drink . the shark have the inflatable in he tooth , and be shaking it from side to side . Doug 's eye bug out as he see what 's go on . he begin tread water , back away as fast as he can , wave he arm in the air frantically -- " pick I up , quick ... " mike' boat mike Doug 's down ! he sail to where Doug be be carry along by the current . the inflatable be a mess -- shred rubber and dead engine ; the shark do not like it . andy Doug ! this way ! Doug carefully -- oh , so carefully -- stroke over to where Mike and Andy can pull he abroad . some of the other sail closer to get a look . patrick what be that about ? marge you okay ? lucy what be that ? larry so much for the rubber duck . the group , drifting together this incident have not yet touch they -- no one actually see what it be , except Doug , who 's never be serious about anything . until now . doug a shark eat my boat . bob come on . doug I be tell you , a goddamn shark eat my goddamn boat ! andy if he like you boat , I get some sneaker he will love . there 's nervous laughter from all around as they examine the remain of Doug 's inflatable . some of that jag rent could be make by tooth ... kide ( ad lib ) ... jeez -- what do that ?... a porpoise , maybe ... Nah , killer whale ... I think he snag it ... I hate to pop he balloon ... ( etc . ) angle on mike' boat Doug 's inflatable be drape over the tip of one hull , forward . without warning , the shark hit . scream , terror , confusion . Mike , Andy , Jackie into the water . close on mike his head bang on a metal fitting as the boat turn over . on the group Patrick and Lucy ram into timmy 's boat , lock into it , knock timmy into the water as brooke scream . confusion as the follow event take place : -- Larry 's red cat ram and lock onto Mike 's tornado . -- marge 's boat capsize , put Sean and marge into the drink . -- marge scramble up on the over- turn hull , pull Sean up with she , just in time . -- polo , under full sail , scoops Mike out of the water before the shark can get to he . -- the shark dip out of sight . surface , wide over the stern of polo' boat show the result of the turmoil : angle on the survivor as they make ineffectual , frighten move towards grouping together , Andy be the first to gain any composure . andy raft up ! raft them up ! he reach towards a drift line , and pull timmy 's doughdish towards they , tie it off as it come close . larry tie off to you strongest point . patrick anyone need a extra line ? polo have Mike and timmy aboard he boat . timmy be look up from examine Mike 's daze body . timmy Mike 's bleed ! andy can you sail ? polo ( testing he rudder ) yeah ! we will take he in ! he start to make sail back towards the lighthouse , on a severe , but manageable tack . polo , timmy , and the injure Mike sail towards safety , leave the other behind . tackle the job at hand , concentrate on survival . Jackie be strangely quiet ; thing be out of control ... CUT to : close on a nautical chart - day clearly mark : amity Island , amity lighthouse , cable Junction . brody 's nervous finger trace a approximation of he course . it fumble , pause , stop . aboard the police boat - day brody , look up from he chart , scan the ocean . ahead be the lighthouse , he immediate destination . out of sight to the right , cable Junction , and beyond that , 2500 mile of cold Atlantic . brody look up from he chart , and grab the radio . brody ( on radio ) amity Launch to patrol Air unit one . Harbor Air , where be you ? chopper pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) this be Air one . that you , brody ? brody it 's I . any fix on that kid ? pilot ( v.o. ) negative . I be still down . brody for Christ 's sake , get go ! I be all alone out here ! pilot ( v.o. ) brody , I get to switch frequency , call my boss . we will meet you over by Francis shoal . Harbor Air out ... brody where the hell be Francis shoal ? static . no answer . brody realize something brody I be all alone out here . runby the amity Police Boat , under full power , surging through the heavy swell , brody very much alone at the helm . ext . ocean , near the lighthouse - day we can see brody 's boat approach . it slow as it near the island . close on brody stare , perplex . which way ? brody shit . he put the wheel over , slew the boat around . to the leave -- the wrong way . angle on the boat , lighthouse in b.g. it barrel off to the leave . dissolve to : the rafted boat float in the current , drift away from the lighthouse , towards the open sea . float on the wreckage and tangle boat be : Doug , Andy , Jackie , Patrick , Lucy , Larry , Bob , brooke , marge , and Sean . larry anyone know what time it be ? doug 3:30 . marge damn ! Larry , Bob , Patrick , and Lucy ( the practice sailor ) ad lib equal dissatisfaction . jackie what 's wrong ? brooke tide do not turn for three hour . doug low tide at cable Junction be 7:46 p.m . andy what would you do ? memorize the tide table ? doug I can not help it , it stick in my mind . brooke ( make light of it ) anyone want to play charade ? no one do . patrick as long as we be drift , might as well go with the flow . andy not funny . patrick Three knot current ? lucy at least . and a offshore wind . sean what 's after cable Junction ? bob the Atlantic . then Ireland . jackie can not we stop ? silence from the group . brooke they be probably look for we . doug what about the fish ? larry maybe it 's go . doug they tend to follow move thing . maybe it 's follow polo and timmy . they consider this . brooke so all we have to do be land at cable Junction and wait . patrick first we get to get there . larry how're we go to do that float on this garbage ...? bob anyone get another set of sail ? the kid scramble to rig whatever canvas be available . sean be that big thing still out there ? marge shhhh . CUT to : helicopter ( aerial ) fly - by a panorama of open ocean ; a quick fly - by to orient we : first , cable Junction , then , a mile or so ahead , the raft . the raft more sail , some improvise rigging , Patrick and Lucy trimming what there be , try to steer the clumsy contraption . from afar , the distant sound of a approach chopper . larry hey ! bob ( wave ) over here ! the kid react with enthusiasm to the arrival of the rescue chopper . andy do not everyone jump around ! but they ignore he . the copter be descend . int . copter - day a one - man light spotter ; the space next to the pilot cluttere with tool and float , lash in place . below , see through the plastic bubble , the raft grow larger as the chopper set down . pilot Air one to base . I have a positive location on that sailing party . disabled and adrift ... ( he check chart on he knee board ) ... about 3 / 4 mile west of cable Junction , wind and current carry they just about due east . I count ten juvenile . the raft the helicopter be create a lot of turbulence as it set down , a huge circular pattern of prop-wash on the surface as the rotor slow to a halt . the kid be wave and jubilant . angle on the copter as the Pilot unbuckle , open the door , and step out on one pontoon ; he speak through a bullhorn . pilot everyone okay ? any injury ? the kid ad-lib in the affirmative . andy can you put we on cable Junction ? pilot I get no room for passenger . andy how about a tow ? can you rig that ? the Pilot nod . Larry heave a line to he , the Pilot catch it and make it fast to a convenient tie-off on the undercarriage . larry as soon as you get we on the island , you get to call in . my dad 's the mayor ... andy ( interrupt ) there 's a shark ... the other kid all chime in , add they ad-lib shout describe what happen , call for help , etc . it 's all a noisy jumble , the Pilot ignore it , try to do he job . angle on the raft the kid all shouting at once ; Jackie be scream . jackie you have to take we off ! you have to ! why do not you take we ! doug ( calming she ) it 's a observation spotter , he do not have the room ... angle on the pilot he finish tie off , and yell through he bullhorn at the kid . pilot listen . I be go to give you a assist to get you on cable Junction . then I will call in , and get the Coast Guard to send a cutter . hang on to something . he climb into he bubble , shut the door , give the kid a " thumb up , " and start the engine . quick cut - raft and chopper engine turn over . a line tie off to one of the ringbolt on a overturn hull ; it pull taut out of the water . int . chopper , the pilot intent on he job . the raft , kid watch in fascination and anticipation . the whole operation , get under way . underwater look up at pontoon , wreckage , wind turbulence on the surface , the heavy " thud-thud - thud " of chopper blade . wide on the raft and chopper in the f.g. , the fin rise , and start for the scene . follow it . close on the chopper as it start to lift , inexplicably . the Pilot react as ; the shark attack one of the pontoon , bite down on it , clamping great scar jaw onto the bulbous float . the raft kid scream . quick cut -- rotor blade spin wildly . -- Pilot 's hand jerk on the delicate control . -- med. shot , copter shaking . -- closeup engine and gas tank , rotor head spin . -- med. closeup Pilot in buffete cockpit . raft and copter the kid watch , horror-stricken , as the giant shark hang on the roaring copter ; in the b.g. , cable Junction be loom closer . the copter tilt dangerously , the shark bite deeper , harder . angle on the copter as it tilt . then , the unspeakable -- the blade touch the water and explode . chunks of murderous steel break off the shattered blade and whistle through the air like projectile . the kide reacting , ducking in terror . huge chunks of disintegrate rotor be fly all around . mast and sail leave stand before be chop into a deadly salad . scream . low in the water as blade skip and crash , the bubble of the overturn copter , Pilot trap inside , sink into the sea . the copter cockpit - underwater Pilot struggle with he safety harness , try to hit switch , work on instinct . some air in the bubble , but water too , and spark as electrical connection short out and burn . then , the shark , power out of the murk . angle on the pilot - underwater as grim death batter at he fragile bubble . scream . the bubble crack . Water flood , tooth snap at the slippery plastic , the Pilot fumble for oxygen as the shark veer off into the murk . on the surface - the raft the kid , reacting as the break copter sink beneath the wave . calm for a moment , then : larry look out ! jackie ( scream ) no-o-o-o! the shark reappear , and batter at the raft . shark attack the raft shudder , and begin to break up under the pound . the kid cling for they life to mast and wreckage . marge 's overturn hull be strike a fierce blow from beneath . sean help ! he and marge topple into the water . andy do not struggle ! Sean be bob in he life -vest , marge stroke to be near he . angle on marge and sean in the water , swim for the apparent safety of the raft . then , the fin , and the massive bulk of the killer , heaving up through the wave . marge Sean ! she heave he up out of the water , hurl he with desperation towards the safety of the float hull . angle on sean scream , hand and foot scrabbling like a monkey as he struggle for a grip on the slippery surface . behind he , marge help as much as she can from the water . then , behind she ; the shark rise like grey doom , then drop out of sight . marge be go . underwater marge ducking under the bulk of the shark , shove off with panicky reserve of strength , swim away underwater , while the shark take a massive crunching bite out of a submerge hull . follow marge as she swim . copter wreckage huddle in the crack plastic bubble , the Pilot be suck air from he oxygen tank . he see marge , and slip out of he bubble , head for she . marge as the Pilot overtake she -- a moment of horror , as she think the shark have find she , then relief , as the Pilot motion to the bubble , and indicate " Air . " she follow he . marge and the pilot scuttle like two crab into the shelter of the break chopper , buddy breathe as he pass she the oxygen tube . the chopper tilt , and move , break up on the bottom as current move it . they struggle silently . angle on the chopper as it slip across the bottom , the current pull it , break part break off in slow motion , dirty swirl of oil and hydraulic fluid clouding the water . CUT to : on the surface - the raft a parallel struggle for survival , as the current separate Sean from the other kid ; marge be go , the little boy be cling alone to the free-floating lighten . patrick Sean ! Sean ! andy do not move ! sean Andy ! please help ! help ! on the surface - a distance away copter wreckage be bubbling up from underneath , like a submarine destroy by depth charge ; a oil slick , piece of break blade , a seat cushion , then , suddenly , the Pilot , and marge , almost choke to death , they air run out . they cling to a section of pontoon , panting , look around with oxygen-starved eye . they be alone on the ocean ; a half - mile away , the distant sail of the break raft , and the low-lying shape of cable Junction . safe , for now ... CUT to : brody - alone in the police boat - day he throttles down , and the boat slump in the water . he look around , see nothing , in all direction . he hit he radio . brody Harbor Air , this be brody . Air one , come in . static , no answer . he try a couple of time , check the knob and dial to make sure the unit 's work . brody Harbor Air , do you read ? over ? patrol voice brody ? this be patrol base . the familiar voice be tinged with annoyance . he 's have a long shift , and nothing 's go right . brody where the hell be Air one ? patrol voice that 's what I would like to know . lose transmission at cable Junction . brody do he raise the kid ? patrol voice last transmission say ten juvenile . brody yeah ? then what ? patrol voice then nothing . if you see he , tell he to switch to a operational frequency , or give I a status report yourself . brody do you say cable Junction ? patrol voice that 's what he say . brody when ? patrol voice 1530 hour . might still be there . base out . brody revs up , and power out , head for cable Junction . CUT to : ext . ocean - day - the raft Sean be cry on he isolate perch , cling to the upturn keel . the other kid be throw a rope , try to get he back . Patrick heave , and miss . larry Sean ! catch the rope ! bob the rope ! the rope ! the other shoot fearful glance at the water . patrick he 's get to help or it will not work . lucy Sean , baby , please ... Sean be ignore the effort to rescue he , paralyze by fear , he shiver alone . Jackie be near catatonia herself , brooke and Doug try to soothe she . jackie it kill she . it eat she . brooke shh. shhh ... doug it 's okay , it 's okay ... andy Sean ! listen ! listen to I , Sean . the kid look up dully . andy goddamn it , Sean , you listen to I or I will kick you ass , do you hear I ? lucy listen to Andy , Sean . andy we be throw a rope and you better catch it , hear ? Sean nod . the other kid be encourage . the rope be throw -- it miss . andy ( to Bob ) keep a eye out for that fish . Bob climb to a vantage point , watch . larry throw it . andy Sean ! catch it ! another miss . in he haste to help , Larry overreach to fish the trail rope out of the water , and fall headlong into the sea . shriek of fright from the other . lucy Larry ! he scramble out , hardly wet , that 's how fast he 's move . finally -- Patrick take the crucial throw , and the rope practically knock Sean off he perch , but he clutches and hold it . as Andy carefully call instruction , Sean secure the rope and the other carefully , carefully begin to pull he in . angle - on sean as they pull . the slippery rope be undoing itself . the raft with the kid reach out hand , stick , rope , anything to pull the little one to safety . the ocean swell rise and fall with hide menace . quick cut -- hand grip rope . -- the knot , pull apart . -- anguish face , concentrate , as Patrick , Lucy , Larry , and Andy struggle to bring he in . andy and sean success . he 's pull to safety . they lash he little hull as tight as they can to the rest of the float wreckage . Bob see something . bob cable Junction 's ahead ! lucy can we make it ? bob I do not know . bob' point of view look over the wreckage to cable Junction , now much closer . Beyond it , mile of empty Atlantic . it 's off to one side , and unless they can slow down or alter course , they will miss it . the raft larry ( to Jackie ) you okay ? she 's not . shake , silent , eye glaze . lucy ( alone ) dear Jesus , Holy Mary , mother of God , help we , please ... ( she lip move inaudibly ) brooke ( to Doug ) keep she warm . ( to Jackie ) Jackie ? baby ? patrick can someone help I rig a jury rudder ? we might steer this ... Andy join he , and they try to make a sweep or a rudder out of whatever wreckage they can use . doug by 7:46 , when the tide turn around , we will be twenty mile out . more , with this wind . larry shut up . doug I can not stop think ! lucy ( praying aloud ) God , please help we , merciful Father , in Christ 's name , we beg you , help we , please , dear God , save we , help we , please , God , help ... CUT to : brody's police boat - day he be round a sand bar off the lighthouse when he look ahead and see the bright sail of some of the survivor ' boat . brody thank Christ . he put the helm over and head for they . CUT to : ext . ocean near lighthouse - day polo 's sloop be beat back towards the harbor when the police launch bear down , brody lean on the air horn . the kid signal and wave . polo over here ! yo ! brody I be come alongside ! the launch slow clumsily . timmy get a line around a cleat , and pull they fast . brody Mike ? be that you ? mike pop. I be sorry . brody it 's okay . what happen ? polo a shark hit we out there . timmy Mike get knock over . brody go for he radio , to report in , to call for help . mike I pass out , but I be okay . brody at least you be safe . what about the other ? the three boy look at each other . brody Jesus , do not freeze on I . what about the other ? mike ( tear in he eye ) Sean 's still out there . brody what ? he stop in he track , radio forget . heartsick . Mike go on , mike he want to come . it be okay , be not it ? it be okay before ... polo the other be ratted together . drifting . brody which way ? timmy with the current . towards cable Junction . brody jerk the moor line hold they together , freeing it . he start for he control , obsessed . mike dad , I be sorry ... brody stay here . do not go anywhere . just stay here . he indicate the lighthouse , then gun he engine . brody stay at the lighthouse ! he roar off , head towards cable Junction . CUT to : ext . ocean - day - the raft approach cable Junction the rafted boat be drift towards the cable Junction . Larry , Patrick and Andy be work on improvise tiller line to a jury rudder make out of wreckage . Lucy have another line out to a sea anchor , try to slow they drift . andy bring she to port a little . that 's it -- steady . doug I think we be change course a little . brooke can we land on it ? lucy if we can get to it . jackie we be go to die . brooke ( comforting she ) it 's all right , we be okay . andy more to port . bob it 's all the way over . andy shit . sean be we go to go on the island ? brooke you bet , kiddo . andy ( the realist ) I do not know . larry what the hell , we be steering for it . doug the wind drift be lateral . larry what 's that mean ? doug sideway -- for every yard we go this way , we also slide sideways this way ... his hand illustrate the predicament . lucy but we have it ! we be head right for it ! andy shit . shit , shit , shit ! jackie we be go to miss it ! the other be silent . it 's true . angle on the raft Larry , Bob and brooke try to alter its course by pad . andy do not ! doug stop paddle ! lucy but the island ! andy the shark . they freeze , as the raft grind against something . underwater the invert mast of one of the wreck boat be snag on the rock on the bottom . angle on the raft as it slow , then stop , hang up from below . brooke what be it ? andy we be hang up on something . doug maybe the bottom . jackie ( hysteria ) it 's that thing . it 's go to kill we now ... we be go to die ! larry shut up ! just shut up! brooke leave she alone ! bob lighten up , man ... larry it 's bad enough without she freaking out . patrick she 's hysterical , goddamn it ! lucy do not yell at she ! the group dissolves in bitter exchange . no one be rational . Lucy be the first to notice something ... lucy wait a minute ! listen ! listen ! the group subside , only Jackie be leave , keen to herself . there 's a distant sound of a boat 's engine . Bob spot it first , and wave . the other follow he point finger . bob over there ! come this way ! he point of view - brody's police boat under full power , head straight for they , the kide go crazy , wave , yell , scream , " over here ! " " help ! " " hey ! " sean it 's dad ! angle on brody and the raft in the boat , come up on the kid fast . he throttles back , he bow wave almost swamp they as he slide past . andy easy , easy -- you will swamp we ! doug back down ! brody fumble with the throttle , manage to hold he boat steady between the raft and cable Junction island . larry we be hang up here . snag . bob can you get we a line ? brody find a coil of line , make one end fast , then throw it to the kid on the raft . they catch it , and tie it off to a cleat . doug we get it ! patrick go ahead , slow . lucy be careful . brody throttles forward , the police boat shudder under the strain as the line go taut . angle on the raft where the rope be tie off to a cleat . the wood groan , screw pop -- andy whoa ! too late . the cleat rip out , brody 's boat leap forward . doug come around again ! angle on brody's boat as he reposition ; he 's now between the raft and the island , prepare to throw he line . he heave , the kid grab , they have it , they tie off again , andy hang on , hang on -- we get it . you be on ! sean dad ! help ! brody start to pull the raft again , when : the shark surface , and move purposefully towards the gap that separate the police boat from the raft . it lunge at brody as it pass the launch ; the fin hit the taut rescue line , snap it . angle on brody's boat brody recoil in horror as the beast rush past , he spin the wheel and hit the throttle , send the launch hard to port . out of control , it run up on the rock of cable Junction . inside the boat as it tip up on the rock . brody fall , equipment and loose material break loose and fall . insert - the radio hold by only a few screw , it pull out of its mount and shatter on the deck . angle on the stern lift high out of the water , the screw turn in air . the kide on the raft they horrify reaction . brody in the boat pick himself up , and stagger to the rail , see he predicament . brody hang on ! sean dad ! dad ! brody I be okay , baby , I be here . it 's okay ... he climb over the rail , onto the slippery wet rock , try to get to where he can help . the shark patrol the gap , wait . brody can you get a line to I ? aboard the raft the kid find some line . Andy coil , and throw . cable junction - the raft brady catch the kid ' line . he heave on it with all he might . nothing . Jackie be hysterical , some of the other kid be scream . the shark 's fin catch the taut line , it slide up and over , brody and the kid be nearly pull into the water . the raft do not budge . underwater the mast bend under the strain , but hold the raft stick fast . cable junction - brody and the kide he see the winch and hook on he launch , and make the towline fast to the steel winch cable ; put it in neutral . the kid haul they line , try to bring the steel cable to they . the shark ram they raft , impatient now . scream and scramble as they let go they line and try to avoid the beast . brooke huddle with Sean , Jackie cower alone . Larry be lash he big buck knife to a pole , a improvise weapon . angle on the winch line unattend , it drop into the water . the kide andy get the cable in ! pull ! they do , but now the winch cable be snag under the surface . it come taut , but do not budge . brody watch , helpless for the moment . brody Son of a bitch be stick ! brody climb back onto the boat , start the winch engine , try to pull the cable free . the shark on the offensive now , take a outrigger pontoon , bite it , tear it off the raft , shaking everything . on the raft the kid react to this fresh attack . doug it 's kill we ! jackie I do not want to die ! mommy ! in the boat the winch smoke and stall , the weight it 's pull almost too much . brody come on , you bastard , come on , pull . pull ! the raft burst apart from the center as the shark lunge up through the canvas trampoline of the sizzler . the kid , scream , fall into the water as the attack force the fragile structure into piece . only Sean , brooke , and Jackie be leave on the remain segment . angle on brody watch the destruction , see Sean practically alone in the water . brody Sean ! hang on ! he look around the deck frantically , spot a rubber emergency inflatable in its case . he wrestle it off its bracket , and break the seal urgently . he hit the auto-inflate . brody's point of view - sean alone on the raft , brooke and Jackie helpless nearby , the other kid flail in the water . the huge bulk of the shark , fin cut the water as it close in on the confusion . in the water while brody inflate the rubber raft and throw it in the water , the kid scramble for safety , swim for they life . each one be sure this moment be go to be he last . andy get on the rock ! doug swim for it ! Andy be pull himself towards the boat , scramble up on the expose wooden hull . patrick Lucy ! look out ! angle on lucy and bob as she look over she shoulder and scream -- the monster be slide past she , intent on Bob . the rough hide scrape she , tear she clothes , leave raw bleed laceration on she torso . lucy I be bleed ! Larry and Patrick help she towards the rock . bob help ! he 's cling to a piece of break boat ; the shark lunge at he . insert - winch grind , smoking , haul something out of the water -- heavy , slimy , drip metal cable , the main powerline from the mainland ! brody in the water paddle the raft towards Sean with desperate stroke , heedless of the danger around he . brody hang on ! just hang on ! he fight to see in the gather gloom . suddenly , a strange glare snap on , then more illumination , in a series of escalate click . cable junction silhouett against the evening sky . Automatic timer be turn on navigation and worklight , illuminate the barren rock and rusty steel with they glare -- throw dark shadow , put the surround water into black limbo by they contract . angle on brody strain to see what 's go on . look for he son . sean ( o.s. ) dad ! help ! daddy ! brody I be come ! he look around desperately , see Andy safe on the launch . brody Andy ! use the light ! the light ! angle on andy soak , cling to the rail of the launch , hearing brody , fumble in the cabin , turn on worklight , the boat throw erratic shaft of powerful light from its many lamp and searchlight . Andy grab one and sweep the water with it , try to help . andy where be you ? Chief ! his light poke and sweep through the gloom . brody in the water he hear the horrendous sound of wood and metal break , as the raft pound to piece on the rock . he be blind by the sweeping searchlight , the confusion of terror-stricken teen - ager scream . it 's the middle of the inferno . brody's point of view - sean Sean , stand up , reach out to he , the shark hit he fragile perch , Sean tumble backwards , towards what seem to be certain death . brody ( o.s. ) Sean ! angle on brody as he hurl he paddle at the shark , anything to get even , to distract it . brody you bastard ! he look around he wildly , search for a weapon , find a steel boathook . he scream at the unfeel shark ... brody come here , you son-of -a-bitch ! the huge gray hulk obligingly turn towards this new irritation . brody bang on the raft , yell , create a commotion . the shark speed toward he the shark lunge at the raft , brody slide desperately away , smash at the snout with he steel , the tail fin bashing he as it pass ... angle on the stern of the police boat brody be drift close to the cable , draw heavy and wet cut of the water . he reach up to it . angle on brody dangle he foot in the water , hold onto the cable , see it , inspire with a lunatic idea ... brody over here ! you bastard ! over here the shark turn , bleed from a superficial cut on its snout , its scar glisten wet and terrible . it head for brody . brody possess , yell at the top of he lung . brody come and get I ! come and get I ! the shark attack . miss brody , who haul himself up out of the way in life - or-death spasm . the great jaw close , fasten onto the thick cable . shake it . the cable resist for a moment , then split , layer or insulation and armor crack open , the jaw clamp harder -- 20,000 ton of pressure -- then the live copper core be reach . Zap ! the shark die . leap and convulse as hundred of thousand of volt surge through its body , ground in the salt sea . hot white fire shimmer like a halo , the fish smoke and stink , sputter , and die . brody watch , cower on the rubber raft to which he fall when the shark hit the cable . it 's strangely silent . the light on cable Junction flicker and die as circuit breaker shut down the main , protect the line . only the boat 's worklight provide light now . brody Sean ? no answer . Water lap at the rock , some kid sobbing quietly . brody listlessly paddle towards the wreckage of the raft , expect the worst ... angle on the wreckage timmy 's doughdish , where we last see Sean . there 's a scrabbling from inside , and Sean appear , soak , from under the seat where he would fall . sean dad ? brody move toward he , hold out he arm , take Sean onto he raft . they paddle back towards the rock . the island with the kid cling like drown rat to the rock ; they be wet , scared , exhaust , but safe . Sean hug he daddy as they step onto land . sean they make I go with they . brody sure they do ... he kiss the damp forehead . dissolve to : ext . amity harbor - day a crowd of worried parent and adult , ellen and hendrick in the forefront , be stare towards the harbor mouth . it 's dawn and the sun be rise . they see something , a cheer go up . angle on the water a big Coast Guard cutter be steaming into the harbor , a little group of survivor on the foredeck . close on the cutter brody and the survive kid wave to they family on land . fade out : roll end credit . the end