" stillness in the water " aka : " jaw " by Carl gottlieb and Peter benchley from the novel by Peter benchley over black sound of the innerspace rush forward . then a splinter of blue light in the center of the picture . it break wide , show the top and bottom a silhouett curtain of razor sharp tooth suggest that we be inside of a tremendous gullet , look out at the onrush undersea world at night . hear a symphony of underwater sound : landslide , metabolic sound , the rare and secret noise that certain undersea species share with each other . also , the hint of familiar music , twisted and distort by the depth . CUT to : ext . beach '' night '' shark point of view '' rising out of the water , looking at it be a pleasant , moonlit , windless night in mid-June . we see a long straight stretch of white beach . behind the low dune be the dark shape of large expensive house . hear a number of voice sing . it sound like a eastern university 's alma mater , no longer distort . ext . beach '' night '' another angle around a blaze bonfire , a group of young man and woman , beer can ( or maybe a keg ) in evidence , as well as the bota Spanish leather wine - bag much in favor by beach and ski-bum type . the group be swapping sentimental alma mater , weepily sing eastern ivy League anthem -' Dartmouth , Cornell , Harvard , Penn , etc . two young people break away from the other . they be Tom cassidy and chrissie . behind they , there be considerable neck activity ; Tom and chrissie be more serious . tom make a clumsy attempt at snaring chrissie , cup she from behind . she squirm playfully out of he grasp . we discover he 's not especially sober . tom hey ! hey hey ! I be with you , right ? ext . another part of the beach '' night Tom and chrissie be separate from the other , silhouett against the fire , she pause and look at the ocean , he be plodd along in the sand , wind . chrissie run down the slope of the dune towards the water , leave Tom reeling atop the dune . as she run , she be shed she clothes . Tom be try to trail she by she clothes , like hansel follow bread crumb through the wood . but chrissie be way ahead of he . chrissie c'mon ! she run headlong into the invite sea , plunge cleanly into the water with a light " whoops ! " as the cold water sweep over she . behind all this , we continue to hear the sentimental , beery chorus of alma mater . then we see it -- a gentle bulge in the water , a ripple that pass she a dozen foot away . a pressure wave lift she up , then ease she down again , like a smooth , sudden swell . chrissie Tommy ? do not dunk I ... she look around for he , find he still on the beach , he foot tangle in he pants , which have drop around he ankle . she start to swim back in to he . ext . chrissie in the water her expression freeze . the water - bulge be racing towards she . the first bump jolt she upright , out of the water to she hip . she reach under water to touch she leg . whatever she feel make she open she mouth to scream , but she be slam again , hard , whipped into a arc of about eight foot , up and down , submerging she down to she open mouth , choke off any scream she might try to make . another jolt to she body , drive she under so that only she hair swirl on the surface . then it too be suck below in a final and terrible jerk motion . hold on the eddyy and swirl until we be sure it 's all over . ext . close on tom on beach in he short , laugh to himself , turn in slow stone circle , hold prisoner by he windbreaker which seem to have he in a armlock , as he struggle to free he arm from a tight sleeve . as he turn , we hear the alma mater in the background , from the fire . int . brody house - bedroom - early morning a shaft of morning sun blast through the crack between the bottom of the shade and the windowsill , fall across the head of the sleep couple on the bed . it catch Martin brody right across the eye , bring he up from sleep . the job be complete by the clock radio , which click on with local fisherman 's report and weather . radio announcer ( v.o. ) haye landing report condition good , with striper and jack . the Coast Guard have no storm warning from block Island to cape hatteras ; a light chop with freshen wind , continue clear and mild ... ( etc . ) ellen brody burrow she head under the cover , avoid morning for a few precious minute more . brody how come the sun do not use to shine in here ? ellen ' cause when we buy the house it be Autumn . this be summer . feed the dog . we hear the scamper toenail of two cocker spaniel scrabbling around the foot of the bed . brody swing out of bed , wear short , sock , and tee shirt . brody right . ellen do you see the kid ? brody probably out in the back yard . ellen in amity , you say ' yahd . ' ( she give it the Boston sound ) brody the kid be in the yahd , play near the cah . how 's that sound ? ellen like you be from n'yawk . ( give it Brooklyn sound ) brody give I 30 year , I will get it . he lead the dog out of the bedroom and down to the kitchen . int . brody kitchen - morning brody enter , set down some dog food , go to make coffee , start to fill kettle to boil water , the cold water rush through and out the burnt - out bottom of the kettle . brody do you burn another kettle ? y'k now you be a fire hazard ? this be the third one ! ellen ( o.s. ) I never hear the whistle . brody feed the dog . ellen brody , a tall , attractive blonde woman , enter from upstairs . she 's still slightly sleepy , not what you would call a " instant - on " person . morning be not she best time . ellen you want to go through that ? ( she indicate bag of clothes ) I be take they to the thrift shop . it 's marcia Vaughn 's pet charity . pick out what you want to keep -- it 's mostly you city clothes . brody ( look through bag , remember ) I use to wear this to the Garden . garbage strike . Dog shit . mugger . ( he put it all behind ) ship it . ellen do not be silly -' you be go to make summer better for they ... before brody can answer , Michael , he oldest boy , enter , hold he hand . there be bright new blood on it , but he be sensibly unconcern . it 's a normal childhood scrape . michael cut my hand . hit by a vampire . brody on the swing ? I tell you not to play near there until I sand it down . ( to ellen ) see what you son do ? ellen go upstairs and bring mommy a band - aid . Michael go on out and upstairs . ellen fumble in she pocket and produce brody 's new glass , which she hold out to he . ellen do not forget this . brody oh , yeah . ( he put they on ) how do I look ? older , huh ? ellen I think they make you look sexy . brody react to this , and bend to kiss she lightly . then more seriously . brody sexy , hm ? what be I before ? ellen older , sillier . brody ( as he go to make coffee , he fumble with the new glass ) I do not want to depend on this thing , y'know -' sometimes you can weaken you eye . he look out the window to the view beyond , discover some new wonder in the fresh sunlit morning . brody's point of view '' outside the house Sean , the young child , be happily romping in the summer air , enjoy the very air he breathes . brody let 's see ... the phone ring . int . brody kitchen '' day brody answer one of two phone on the wall . brody brody ... yeah , what 's up ... mmm ... well , what do they usually do , float or wash up ? really ?... okay , I will meet both of you at the beach in ( check watch ) ... 20 minute , okay ? okay . ( hang up ) first goddamn weekend of the summer . Michael reenter in bathing trunk , with a towel on he shoulder , he hand wash , hold a band - aid ready for application . ellen take it , and bandage the finger with care and affection . ellen there. ( to brody ) what be that ? Michael head toward the beach . brody ( struggle to get he shirt on over he glass ) the office . he get he shirt on with ellen 's help . she flick imaginary dust from the badge on he chest . ellen be careful . brody here ? you gotta be kiddin' . he give she a light kiss , start to go , with he cup . brody Love ya . ellen ( kissing he back ) hey Chief . bring my cup back . at the door , he take a windbreaker off a peg and go on out . we can see the amity Police shoulder patch as he go to a van park outside . ext . island highway - morning Martin brody 's country squire police wagon rush past , take the view to a enormous billboard depict a typical summer day in amity . a beautiful model splashes in the gold surf , languish in a solarcaine sun . amity welcomes you be write above she flail arm . ext . amity beach - day Three small figure in the landscape , walk the beach . the surf be rough and there be sea-floor debris strewn about from the recede tide . closer angle deputy hendrick be search the shore about one hundred yard down wind . meanwhile , brody , in he casual police attire , and Tom cassidy , still in the clothing we see he in last night , walk down the beach . brody finger the miss girl 's shoe , purse and clothes . in the daylight , cassidy misconduct himself , waver between inflate maturity and tear- blow adolescence . brody christine what ? cassidy worthingsly ... worthington -- no one ever die on I before . brody you pick she up on the ferry . cassidy I do not know she . brody and nobody else see she in the water ? cassidy somebody could have -- I be sort of pass out . brody think she might have run out on you ? cassidy oh , no , sir . I have never have a woman do that . I be sure she drown . brody you from around here ? cassidy no. Cambridge . Harvard . my family 's in tuxedo , New York , though . brody you here for the summer ? cassidy some friend and I take a house . brody ( genuinely curious ) what d' you pay for a place just for the summer ? cassidy a thousand apiece , something like that . there 's five of we . and we each kick in a hundred a week for beer and clean , stuff like that . brody pretty stiff . a shrill whistle make they turn . hendrick be fifty yard away , on he knee . he blow again , a feeble report this time . brody maybe that 's you girl . brody run toward hendrick , cassidy hesitates , then follow with : cassidy ( pathetically ) you can not make I look -- ! master angle - the sand dune a skein of seaweed garnish the base of this isolate dune . the booming wave and fizzing surf make dialogue inaudible . deputy hendrick on hand and knee , look white as a sheet . brody tell cassidy to wait at the foot of the dune , and venture up . hendrick stop he with a wave - off , say something at the same time . brody nod understanding and step up cautiously and look down . he adjust he glass , try to make sense of what he be look at . whatever he see have a mark effect on he entire physique . kick out with he foot , brody send dozen of angry horseshoe crab into a escape frenzy and they boil over the top of the dune and down its slope . cassidy take a few uneasy step backwards when brody wave he over . he shake he head . a awkward moment . then cassidy shuffles forward and up the few remain foot , he eye look everywhere but down . brody say something else and cassidy shake he head again , eye out at sea . brody put he hand gently around the quaking man 's shoulder . nodding , he start to look down , a inch at a time . he look . he , too , can not make out what it be at first . then he understand . the jolt that assault cassidy be not unexpected . he fall backward in a sit position as though shot . nod yes -- it 's she . brody turn and slide off the dune , stumbling close . hear he breathe . he look around , envision the week ahead of he .... quick sharp CUT chrissie 's remain , incomplete from the chest down , horribly bitten . ( note : see hooper 's dialog in sc. 91 for complete description of corpse . ) int . brody's office - day brody walk through the door and enter he office , hold a fizzing glass of alka -seltzer . polly , he sixty - one year old secretary follow close on he heel with she shorthand pad of message and reminder . in the outer office , hendrick and cassidy slump into chair , sip from fizzing dixie cup . brody dip into file drawer for the appropriate form . he gently turn on polly , who be behind he . brody if this be go to work , you have get to keep current stuff out here , and put ' close ' file in there . the ' pending ' stay on my desk , okay ? brody slip behind he typewriter , put paper in the machine with the effortless ease of year of practice . he 's obviously no stranger to paperwork . he touch type , hardly ever look down , check he note and listen with one ear to polly . he be affect by what he 's see , but there 's work to be do . polly this be in no order of importance , Chief : there 's a meeting on the amity town Council on aging this Monday night , bentoncourt Hall . the Fire Inspector want you to go over the firework site with he before he catch the one o'clock ferry . mainly , you have a batch of call about that new karate school . close - accident report brody have just type the girl 's name . he skip the space for Cause -of - death , and just under it type the next-of - kin information he have collect from she wallet . polly searle 's rent-a-bike , the rainy ale , tisberry 's hardware ... they say it 's that nine - year- old from the school practice karate on all that nice picket fence . the phone ring and polly pick it up . polly it 's the coroner . somebody pass away in the night ? brody nestle the phone between ear and collar , listen , as he turn to the typewriter . brody Jesus , Santos . insert - accident report Cause -of - death line roll into place . the hammer punch out : shark attack . brody lean forward , stare at what he just write . polly cock she head and remove the phone from he ear . polly what 's the matter ? brody take a breath . a new resolve come over he . brody polly , I want to know what water recreation be on for today . polly right this minute ? brody get up and move hastily toward the door . brody's outer office cassidy and hendrick look up as brody enter . brody ( to hendrick ) where would you hide the ' Beach close ' sign ? hendrick we never have any . what 's the problem ? a local merchant come through the door . local merchant glad I catch you . there 's a city truck with New Hampshire plate park right in front of my ... brody push past he and out the door . ext . amity MAIN STREET '' day in the busy center of a town prepare for the big fourth of July weekend , brody wend he way around sidewalk activity , purpose and haste in each stride . as he turn a corner a little man in a white smock emerge from the funeral parlor . this be Carl Santos , amity 's part-time coroner . Santos look both way before crossing Colonial drive . brody pass keisel 's bicycle rental , navigate a awkward course through a odd assortment of schwinn that line the sidewalk in front of a demolish white picket fence . keisel intercept brody on the run . keisel ( he stare at brody 's face ) wait -a-minute . ( stare some more ) glass , right ? brody nod yes , and start to move away , but keisel hold on to he . keisel look at that fence ! Little guy about eight to ten year old . and look at this ! he hold up bicycle . the bicycle 's spoke be bent and break from some sort of blow . keisel they do that with they bare hand . brody call I later in the day , okay , Harry ? angle - amity gazette newspaper office - porch Santos emerge with Ben meadow , the stylish , late-thirty editor of the amity gazette . together they cut a beeline for the other side of the street . angle - amity STREET past tavern and chowder shack , past bleacher construction and July fourth poster , brody enter hardware and sport goods ... so overstock that beach umbrella , aluminum deck chair , and rainbow beach towel splash a surplus of color from the display window to the sidewalk . int . hardware store '' day the store proprietor be busy at work on a inventory list with a mainland delivery man . lynwood stuff 's no good to I in August when the pilgrim come in June ... ( to brody ) go on and help yourself to whatever you need , Chief . can you work the register ? ext . hardware store and STREET - day brody emerge with enough poster - board , wooden stake , nail , paint , and brushes to close every beach on the island . he start back the way he come when hendrick shoot up the street in the patrol jeep . he stop fast enough to call attention , lean out the window . hendrick polly tell I to tell you there 's a scout troop in avril Bay do the mile swim for they merit badge . I could not call they in , there 's no phone out there . brody ( hand he the sign material ) get out of there '' take this back to the office and make up some ' Beach close ' sign , and let polly do the printing . hendrick what 's the matter with my printing ? ext . vaughn' realty '' day revealing Larry Vaughn , the Mayor of amity , exchange anxiety with Ben meadow and coroner Santos and two other city selectmen . they come out in a group , reach the sunlight , and squint down the street as brody careen around the corner and out of sight . deputy hendrick , laden with he art and craft , pass they on the street front . vaughn what have you get there , lenny ? hendrick we have a shark attack at South chop this morning , Mayor . fatal . gotta batten down the beach . Vaughn and group exchange horrify look , but we get the impression it be not in response to the shark - attack news . vaughn who have you tell this to , lenny ? hendrick I just find out about it -- but there 's a bunch of Boy scout in the water a coupla mile down the coast from where we find the girl . avril Bay , thereabout . Chief go to dry they off . vaughn ( to meadow ) take my car , okay ? ( to hendrick ) you come with we , lenny . hendrick I have get all this sign here ... vaughn c'mon , it will give we time to think about what they be go to say . they all crowd into a cadillac El dorado with Vaughn Realty sign on the door . ext . avril BAY - day a flotilla of twenty exhaust Boy scout round a buoy that mark the official course . a rowboat with scoutmaster use a bullhorn keep pace , and urge the boy on . scoutmaster ( bullhorn effect ) let 's go , Robbie . you too , hofner . boyle , keep you head up . albert , keep kick ... ( etc. , ad lib ) ext . on the beach at avril BAY - day two older seascout look on with stop watch and clipboard , while some Parents shade they eye from the sun , watch they offspring . brody pull up in the amity Police jeep , and start toward the people . behind he , Vaughn 's cadillac pull up and skid to a stop . in it be Vaughn , meadow , the Doctor , maybe a selectman , and hendrick , with he arm still full of sign material . Vaughn intercept brody , the other circle around he , effectively slow he progress through the sand to the scout . vaughn Martin ! ( he catch up with he ) be you go to shut down the beach on you own authority ? brody do I need any more authority ? meadow technically , you need the instruction of a civic ordinance , or a special meeting of the town selectmen ... vaughn ( the good guy ) that 's just go by the book . we be just a little anxious that you be rush into something serious here . this be you first summer . brody now tell I something I do not know . vaughn all I be say be that amity be a summer town -- we need summer dollar , and if they can not swim here , they will use the beach at cape cod , or Long Island . brody so we should set out a smorgasbord ? meadow we be not even sure what it be . brody what else could have do that ? vaughn ( to Doctor ) Boat propeller ? doctor I think , possibly ... sure . a boat accident . vaughn some weekend tramp accidentally go swim too far , she 's a little drunk , a fishing boat come along -- meadow remember when Fred ganz go scalloping in he bvd 's ? he be go to swim to New bedford , he say . the man all laugh , ad lib they remembrance of this foolishness . meadow ... and Bill mayhew almost catch he in he net ...? brody ( interrupt the merriment ) Doctor , you be the one who tell I what it be ! doctor I be wrong . we will have to amend the report . meadow we never have that kind of trouble here . vaughn I do not think you can appreciate the gut reaction people have to this thing . brody I be only reacting to what I be tell . brody look out to the water where the scout be round another buoy on the home stretch . vaughn ( take brody aside ) it 's all psychological , anyway . you yell ' barracuda ' and everyone say ' huh ' . you yell ' shark ' and we have get a panic on we hand . I think we all agree we do not need a panic this close to the 4th of July . Vaughn indicate the beach where the scout be flopping out onto the sand , exhaust , glad to be finish . brody I can not work in a vacuum . why do not you make hendrick Chief ? his family 's be here since the puritans -- half this island be he cousin . vaughn Martin , we hire the best man we could find . all ad lib agreement . vaughn we need someone who be not prejudice by old feud or family tie , someone who can referee thing . meadow you have we complete support . vaughn now then . we have get a vandalism problem we ought to talk about ... the other surround brody as Vaughn lead the way back to the car , ad libbing they problem with the little karate chopper . hendrick put the sign back into the trunk of Vaughn 's cadillac . Vaughn wave casually to the scout and swimmer who be vigorously toweling off in the background . ext . amity STREET - day in front of amity 's only Music store , a batter old pick - up truck pull in to the curb . quint and he mate cross silently head into the music store . int . amity music store - day a gently tinkling bell toll quint 's entrance . Inside the store , a ten-year - old boy be be show a clarinet . he be play a mellow low tone , and run " ode to Joy . " quint loom past he like Neptune rise from the deep , and let he hand drop on the counter with a slap that sound like a club on flesh . the shopkeeper abandon the little boy and meet quint . shopkeeper hello , Mr. quint . quint four spool of number 12 piano wire , okay ? I order they . shopkeeper ( find they under the counter ) yessir , right here . what do that fish do , eat this stuff ? quint they choke on it . without wait for it to be wrap , he pick up the gleam wire in he gnarled fist , and drop a bill on the counter . shopkeeper bye now . no answer from quint , who stop and sing along with the boy . the little kid 's music degenerate into a series of awkward squeak and blurp , as quint stare at he . quint continue out the door , thread he way through the people in the street like some great fish . as he get up into the cab of he pick - up , its door swing open so we can see a crude stylize shark decorate its side . it slam behind he as quint get in and drive away . ext . amity beach - day a plump jelly - bowl of a woman plunge into the ocean . there 's enough there to satisfy the most gluttonous shark . buoyant , joyful , she splashes away in abandon . from she , we pan off to reveal other cheerful bather enjoy that last unclutter weekend before the season start in earnest . angle on the waterline a man and he dog be romping at the water 's edge . the man be throw a stick out into the surf , the dog , a happy retriever , be bound into the wave after it . two young people on the beach a girl and she boyfriend leave they blanket and run for the water , play tag , chase each other , have a wonderful time . angle on birthday party on the sand - martin and ellen brody he be sit stiffly in a beach chair , scan the beach with careful , cautious look , eyeball everything that 's go on . around they particular blanket and umbrella be a number of adult and they kid , the youngster gather to celebrate Michael 's birthday . ellen be dish out ice cream and cake from a cooler chest to the raucous 10 - year-old . Michael 's hand be still bandage . max taft ( a adult ) look like another big season . get worse every year . mrs . taft and none of they from the Island . just a lot of bother . brody ( and we ) hear a shrill scream from the water . he stretch to look past the group , to see what 's happen out there . brody's point of view - the water the young lady be disappear under the water , pull under the wave by some force . she be shriek . she pop right up again riding the shoulder of she boyfriend , who pull she under . she 's laugh hysterically . brody be unamuse . the adult brody ( to taft ) what ? taft present company except , but off - islander be a pain in the butt . pardon my french . ellen capture Sean , and hold he playfully , a example . ellen what about this kid ? what if he be bear here . that make he a islander ? taft just ' cause a cat have kitten in a oven , it do not make they muffins . sean I be not a muffin ! I be a boy ! brody rumple he hair and set he off to play . angle on another SMALL boy , playing alone it 's Alex kintner , and he mother , nearby , read a novel . Alex be towing a funny rubber raft , and head for the water . mrs . kintner Alex ! Alex kintner ! where do you think you be go ? alex Water . just once more , please ? mrs . kintner let I see you finger -- he hold out he hand . mrs . kintner they be beginning to prune . 10 minute more . Alex start for the ocean . behind he , Michael and he gang be also head for the invite wave . brody be watch they go , he spine rigid with tension . man and he dog as Alex and the boy hit the water , we see the man throw he stick into the wave , he dog swim strongly after it . brody's point of view out beyond the kid and the dog , the fat Lady be bob around , out way too far , isolate from the other swimmer . underwater view - ext . - day a fish 's - eye view of the bather : lot of little kick leg , raft with tasty arm dangle in the blue , slow circle , favor one raft ( little Alex 's ) . the kintner boy 's leg and arm be kick and paddle , produce bizarre underwater vibration of more than pass interest . Dog go by , dog-paddle along . on the beach brody be half -rise , look out over the water . the fat Lady be not where he remember she . he scan the water anxiously . ellen do you want the boy to come in ? honey , if you be worried ... a Black object swim across the water . it 's the dog , breast against the surf . angle on the water - brody's point of view it 's the fat Lady , float , relax . a black object swim up to she . it 's not the dog . it rear up out of the water . it 's a man in a black bathing cap . they exchange distant pleasantry , he stroke away . another angle - water Alex kintner , paddle around , make boat sound , toot , go " vroom , vroom . " angle on the boy and girl they kiss , embrace , kiss again . strong stuff . they sink beneath the wave , knotted in a embrace . angle on michael brody and he friend he 's try to salvage a soggy piece of birthday cake , hold it above the water , paddle with he other hand . the bandage have come part way loose , and he cut be trail in the water . brody and ellen on the beach ellen be rub suntan oil on he back , and he be allow himself to relax part way . his eye still nervously scan the beach in a constant surveillance . Mr. keisel be come out of the water , toweling off vigorously , exclaim to himself . brody ( to keisel ) how 's the water ? keisel too cold . I be go in again Labor Day . hope we get this weather next weekend . ellen you be very tight , y'know ? ( dig in ) right there . brody ow. ( he see something ) he 's gotta be more careful in the water ... angle on the gang playing in the water Michael have just be drench . he splashes back . a big waterfight ensue , the boy splash and chopping at the water , shouting battle cry and karate whoops . Alex be paddle around near they , but not involved with they . along the waterline on the beach the man with the Dog be whistling into the ocean , look for he dog . dog man buster ! hey , buster ! here boy ! ( whistle ) he continue to ad lib call he dog , but there 's no answer , no dog in the water . the waterfront a huge splash explode in the water near the gang , a eruption of foam and spray that stop everyone cold for a moment . they stop to see who be responsible . a kid ( mathew ) hey , no fair splash in the eye ! before anyone can answer , another kid ( p.j. ) renew the battle , whooping a karate cry , and slashing at the water with he hand like a little kung - fu warrior , advance through the wave . close on mathew , splashing back he hit the water , which spray up suspiciously pink . he stare at it , surprised . close on p.j. his hand be drip deep pink , the red matting he hair , run into he eye . he look down . the boy be surround with a deep pink slick , they little body ringed by a spread stain of blood . angle on shore , a tourist and he wife he 's point frantically out to sea . tourist something in the water . right there ! do not anyone see it ? woman there 's blood in the water . angle on brody he leap to he foot , nearly knock ellen over , and start for the water . ellen what be it ...? brody be pelting towards the water . he kick sand over a annoyed Mrs. kintner , who look up , just in time to hear brody 's bellow . brody Michael ! Sean ! out of the water . everybody out of the water ! Michael ! get out ! his urgency communicate itself to the other . ellen snatch Sean up from where he 's be play in the sand . other parent be call they kid , hysteria mount . people rush into the water , drag they child and family bodily out of the ocean . the first kid come out of the surf be frantically try to wash the sticky blood off they body . the sight of the red send the beach into a full panic . close on brody he rush into the water , up to he ankle , and suddenly stop , unable to move into deeper water . he be urging Michael out , hold he hand out to he son , who be slogging through the surf towards he dad . he stand there immobilize by the water , nervously help people out of it onto the beach . angle on michael as he emerge from the water , Alex kintner 's raft wash in behind he , rip in half , the water pink , the foam spread the stain onto the sand as the wave break . angle on mrs . kintner her voice rise into panic and hysteria with each unanswer cry . mrs . kintner Alex ! Alex ? Alex ...! ext - the county courthouse and county office - day we be look at the close double white front door of the building , through which we can hear a roll boil of agitate conversation . after a beat , they open to reveal Mrs. kintner , look as though she have be visit by the wrath of God ; in effect , she have . her eye be puffy and swollen from weep , she clothing be put on and fastened awkwardly , she gait be not normal . as she walk toward we , quint enter with he back to we , they pass without notice ; Mrs. kintner move out of sight , quint lead we through the door into the town hall . int . county courthouse - day a crowd of angry man and woman throng the central hallway , they voice a babble of confusion . many of they be gather around a roughly lettere notice that have be post on the town 's official bulletin board . it read . " a $ 3000 bounty to the man or men who catch and kill the shark that kill alex M. kintner on sunday , JUNE 29 , on the amity town beach . " Vaughn and brody be on the outskirt of the crowd , which include meadow , some selectmen , and other . brody look , I have get to talk to she . this be not a contest we want the whole country enter . meadow I agree . if she 's go to advertise , I would not recommend out - of - town papers . amity people could take care of this . brody I be responsible for public safety around here ... vaughn then go out tomorrow and make sure no one get hurt . ( address the crowd ) everybody , could I have you attention ? since this affect all of we , I suggest we move into council chamber , where there 's more room ... there be a flurry and a bustle as everyone rearrange themselves and make they way into the amity selectmen 's Council Chambers . int . council chamber - day the crowd be thronging into the large room . already in the room be a solitary figure , stand all the way in the rear , watch everyone as they enter . against the back wall be a large blackboard use for town business during meeting . vaughn well , here we all be ; anyone have any special question ? denherder be that $ 3000 bounty on the shark in cash or check ? ( laughter from all ) vaughn that 's private business between you brave fisherman and Mrs. kintner . ( to brody ) -- Chief -- brody ( step in ) I would like to tell you what we be do so far . this be some of the step I have take as Chief of Police ... meadow ( lead the direction of the discussion ) what 's go on with the beach , Chief ? all react . brody I will get to that in a minute . first , I plan to start we seasonal summer help early , and to use shark spotter on beach open to the sea . I would like cooperation from local fisherman , and I have also contact the oceanographic Institute over on the mainland . vaughn ( interrupt -- sotto voice to brody ) no need to involve outsider in we business , Martin . woman be you go to close the beach ? brody Larry and I have also decide to close the beach for a short time . pandemonium . a collective nerve have be touch . vaughn only 24 hour ! brody I do not agree to that ! mrs . taft that official business could take all summer ! mr. keisel maybe it 's better to close . two opinion have be express , and the crowd take side vociferously , ad libbing assent or dissent depend on the point of view hold forth . that in favor mr. wiseman we should make sure there be no danger . mr. hassett I do not raise my kid to be some fish 's lunch ! that opposed mrs . taft the motel be all I own -- you pull the plug on this town and I go down the drain with it . mr. posner nobody 's see a shark . mr. polk we will lose business , we lose tax , we lose we shirt ! angle on quint , the man in the back of the room he have just run he large , coarse fingernails over the blackboard . he be a large , rough man , a professional fisherman mark by daily physical toil , about 45 or 50 , it 's hard to tell where the scar leave off and the wrinkle begin . there be a bit of the showman in he , as well as a bit of killer - whale . quint ( after take a deep breath ) you all know I . you know what I do for a live . I will go out and get this bird for you . he 's a bad one and it 's not like goin ' down the pond chase blue-gills and tommy - cod . this be a fish that can swallow a man whole . a little shakin ' , a little tenderize and down ya ' go . ( a look to Vaughn ) you gotta get this fellow and get he quick . if you do , it will bring a lot of tourist business just to see he and you have get you business back on a pay basis . ( beat ) a shark of that size be no pleasure and I value my neck at a hell of a lot more and 3,000 buck . ( a deadly look ) I will find he for three . but I will kill he for ten . crowd reaction . quint ( he rise up ) the bastard be cost you more and that every day . do you wanna stay alive and annee up the ten or play it cheap and be on welfare next winter . ( a final moment ) I be gonna kill this thing ... just a matter of whether I do it now -- or at the end of summer . vaughn thank you very much , Mr. quint , the selectmen will take you offer under advisement int . brody's study at home - sunset a riffly blur , color alternate with black and white . the dizziness stop on a book page show a black and white rendering of eight species of shark . the banner at the top of the page read : the known and reputed maneater . the riffling begin again , stop on a grizzly photograph of scar tissue on six former shark victim . riffling -- stop . photograph of five ichthyologist pose on wooden stool , frame by the enormous jaw of a prehistoric shark from the family carcharodon charcharia . brody he read glass reflect a stack of twelve library book , all on the subject of shark and shark attack . the door open and ellen enter , quietly , in respect for brody 's mood . ellen can you stand something to eat ? brody Love a cup of tea . with lemon . ellen walk past brody to the window and look out the window which overlook the south bay . it be the hour of dusk . ellen mikey love he birthday present . brody where be he ? ellen ( with a slight laugh ) he 's sit in it . brody get up , concerned , and join she at the window . ellen honey . he have it tie up to the jetty with a double - knot . brody's point of view Michael be sit in the boat , but two of he young school chum be in the water , swim around it . brody open the window and call down : brody Son ! -- out of the water now ! michael my boat 's neat , dad ! brody ( turn to ellen ) I want he out of the ocean . ellen it 's three foot deep , Martin brody ( angry now ) Michael ! come inside ! ellen it 's he birthday present , and you close the beach , honey . I tell he not to go in the water after what happen yesterday . I do not believe he will ever do it again . brody I tell he not to go out until he memorize the handbook and the safety safety regulation , until he be sure of himself ... ellen 's eye drift down to the open book , which be display a reproduction of the famous painting " the Gulf stream , " show a black fisherman in a small dinghy similar to Michael 's be assault by the jaw of three man-eate shark , circle he boat . ellen you hear you father ! out right now ! sunset on the beach hendrick and another deputy be assist brody . silhouettes of townspeople look on like mourner at a funeral . in the background some workmen be take down the shutter from a quaint summer cottage . they pause to watch the decline moment of the day . Three selectmen also stand watch . one of they seem to be whisper bounty news to three youngish man on a nearby dune . sound : surf and hammer . CUT to : ext . ocean and pier - night selectman denherder and he buddy , Charlie , a professional angler , row towards a tumble - down jetty that lead fifty foot out into the black water . denherder you wanna call it a night after here ? charlie it 's only two -thirty . what , be you tired ? denherder yeah , Charlie , I get my second wind three nibble back . denherder heft a bloodstain laundry bag from the wheelbarrow , revealing about a hundred foot of coiled dog chain and a large patch inner tube . Charlie take out a monster hook and together they push the wheelbarrow onto the rickety pier that be only about five foot across . denherder ( reach into the bag ) leg of lamb this time ? charlie screw lamb -- let 's shoot the sirloin ! denherder ( a hyena laugh ) we be blowin ' half the bounty on bait -- the splinter pier sway to and for as the man reach the end and start to work . Charlie bait the hook with a massive chunk of sirloin while denherder secure the loose end of chain to a skinny pile . Charlie then fasten the inner tube to the chain five foot from the end of the hook . denherder one more after this , then I be go home . charlie set ? denherder tug the chain against the pile to prove that it be . Charlie heave the bait . splash ! the inner tube follow and both man eagerly watch as it float seaward , the chain play out from the wheelbarrow . charlie tide 's take it right out . Charlie light he pipe and sit back against a pile . he turn on he transistor radio and loop one end around a fracture board . denherder pace , bored to death . denherder you do this all the time , right , Charlie ? charlie twenty year . denherder I can not believe that people pay money to go fishing . this be really dumb . this be not even relax ... it 's just boring . close - chain in wheelbarrow suddenly zipping out , faster and faster , as both man straighten . denherder be goggle - eye . denherder hey ! what 's this ? the chain be come out so fast that it begin to drag the wheelbarrow to the end of the jetty . a section of chain tangles around the handle and flip the entire machine into the air . both man watch dumbfounded as the inner tube , racing out to sea in a wake of white water , suddenly dip under . charlie look at he take it ! denherder do I set the goddam hook ? charlie let he do it ! go-go-go-go-go! it be then that the chain whip taut against the narrow piling . close - piling a lineup of five decrepit 2 x 4 inch piling SNAP with a resounding crack . angle - jetty the end of the jetty be yank loose . denherder be flip like a chip over the side and into the cold night water , where he manage to snag hold of a splinter timber . denherder point of view the severe section of jetty , a join platform of footboard , be be drag seaward with Charlie sit daze on top of it , he light pipe still go . denherder charlie ! jump ! Charlie roll into the water , sputter , turn to watch the flotilla of wood draw away . close - charlie look seaward . charlie' point of view the end of the jetty make a 180 - degree turn and head back in he direction . charlie Holy Jesus Christ ! denherder step up on the break - off pile just to be out of the water . denherder get the hell out ! Charlie ! swim ! Charlie , inhale terror , try to slog to shore . the jetty be get closer . suddenly , a enormous black fin break water like a periscope , make course correction as it come for Charlie . denherder jump from pile to pile , almost lose he balance on he way to help Charlie . Charlie have reach the last pylon toward open sea , and he hand clamber for a hold . but -- insert - charlie' hand the alga be too slippery , and he finger keep slide back . that 's when the fin behind he seem to reach up to the sky and Charlie manage , with denherder 's desperate help , to make it safely to shore . the remain of the pier float belly - up in the inlet . close on the harbormaster of amity - day he be sit on a little canvas fold chair , eat a bowl of cheerios with milk and sugar , watch a panorama of ineptitude and greed unfold before he old seaman 's eye . the amity pier area be a minor madhouse : out -of-state car elbow local vehicle for parking space at the foot of the dock , and a parade of bounty - hunt townspeople , islander , off -islander , tourist , and other shout and push they way onto the crowded pier , each carry some bizarre or appropriate tool for the real or imagine capture of a unarm shark of indeterminate size . rod and reel , drop line , crossbow , slingshot , harpoon , shotgun , rifle , net and trident ; every fishing supply store and sport goods house within a hundred mile have be cannibalize to equip this weird array . angle on brody and hendrick arriving on the scene not have room to bring they police vehicle anywhere near this mess , they be proceeding on foot into the confusion . hendrick ... so then denherder and Charlie sit there try to catch they breath , and figure out how to explain to Charlie 's wife what happen to she freezer full of meat . brody that be not funny . some of the local greet hendrick with occasional nod of recognition , or a ad lib " hi , lenny , " or " hey , lenny . " hendrick Mrs. kintner must have put she ad in field and stream . brody look more like the reader of the National Enquirer . angle on boat rental - pier a argument be in progress between and out-of - towner and the Boat rental man . out-of -towner you be charge I double the usual rent ! I do not come up here all the way from New rochelle to be gouge by some yankee cracker ! boat rental man price go up June first every year . you want a nice cheap , leaky boat , you go down to the hampton . ( he see brody ) right , Chief ? angle looking out to sea make its way through the channel towards the dock be a sleek , expensive runabout with the name " fascinatin ' Rhythm " on the stern . it 's professionally handle , and rumble in as it coast in towards the dock area . some other boat clear the way for it , zig - zag in the harbor , cause a annoying chop . close on boat Matt hooper , a bearded , bespectacle young man with a intent look , be maneuver the vessel peer through he windscreen at the ragtag collection of seafare loony all around he . back to dockside hendrick be mediate the argument between the two man , and we can hear a plaintive " but lenny , " from the local as brody see something that make he move towards the other side of the dock . we see he cross to a little boat build for two or three that be settling low in the water as a seventh man climb in with he gear . brody hey ! you know how many man that 's suppose to hold ? man in boat ( walter ) whatever 's safe , right ? brody what you get be not safe . you take some guy off or you do not go out . BEN gardner and he boat , flicka Matt hooper be glide into the dockside , and Ben throw he a line to help make fast as he moor . it 's a small island of courtesy in a otherwise discourteous mob . hooper nod politely as he tie he boat up and step onto the dock . hooper hello . gardner hello , back . he 's stand near where brody be finish after he encounter with the chummer . brody approach Ben gardner . brody you go out too , Ben ? gardner might give it a try . that three thousand bounty beat work for a live . ( yell to he mate ) we ready ? the mate nod " yes " and start to prepare to get under way . Ben and he mate move away from the dock , head towards the channel and the open sea leave Felix and Pratt to scamper around the dock look for another ride . another dock area , close by a particularly awkward moment between a small sailboat and a couple of powerboat . the sailboat be try to hoist sail to make it away from the pier under sail , a real yachtsman 's conceit , since hornblower himself probably could not navigate through this mess . brody , a landlubber for sure , be try to direct traffic to untangle this new mess . brody just back up ! no , the other way ! cut it to you leave ! you other leave ! the big boat , you front end be out way too far . Little boat , stay still ! amidst all this , we can hear the angry shout of the entangle crew . skipper 1 ( the sailboat ) dammit , a vessel under sail have the right of way ! skipper 2 ( motorboat ) you schmuck , you be not under sail , you be goddam drift ! hooper ( step in to help ) ahoy , sail ! you get a oar ? well , scull it out ! sailboat skipper tell that stinkpotter to belay ! motorboat skipper tell that ragsetter I be go to poke he in the snoot ! hooper just cast off in turn and make for the channel , ok ? brody thanks . brody start back towards the shore , hooper be by he side . hooper Excuse I , I wonder if you could tell I ... before he can finish , brody spot something on shore that move he to shout to he deputy . hooper ( notice something ) be that dynamite ? brody look , and stop by a boat that 's about to cast off . he hold out he hand . brody if that 's dynamite , give it here , or do not leave port . man aw , c'mon , it 's just firework . shark like firework , it attract they . brody Hand it over . the man pass brody a cigar box fill with dynamite stick . brody tuck the dynamite under he arm , and continue down the pier . hooper be still with he . all around they be two distinctly different breed ; the quiet pro , like Ben gardner , in well - wear , comfortable clothes , with efficient , sensible gear , and the amateur crazy , with all manner of weapon and impractical , silly tourist clothing . int . dock shed - day brody be on the phone , talk to he office , try to get hendrick ' attention . he throw a handful of washer at the window . hooper there 's a fantail launch out there that will not make it beyond the breakwater . brody you be tellin ' I . I swear , this town have go crazy . hooper Officer , I wonder if you could tell I where I could find Chief brody ? brody who be you ? hooper hooper , Matt hooper . from the oceanographic Institute . ( hold out he hand ) exterior - ocean - day Ben gardner 's boat be in the lead with gardner 's shouting derisive comment at the crowd head out from land . the armada be spread out and move in a rag circle , fifteen boat in all . one man heave cherry bomb into the water . a smaller boat go in the opposite direction offer we barwood , forking spaghetti leftover into the ocean while he friend pour out a bottle of ketchup . a speedboat chug by , one of the occupant read instruction aloud from a book entitle " shark - East Coast , vol. i. " boatload of impoverish scallop fisherman throw a net overboard , full of gap and split end . the professional look professional , but the landlubber out for the $ 3000 make it impossible for everybody . collision be barely avert . the rube goldberg error the out-of - towner in a small boat be bent over in a life and death struggle , he rod in a tight arc . his buddy leap across to lend a hand . twenty yard away in another boat the same struggle ensue . this time it 's the overload boat with the poor scallop fisherman . shout of i'm on ! dig in ! strike ! then a tangle of tackle spring from the water . they have hook each other . Joy turn to swear . Arnold Felix stand up to applaud the mishap , while he buddy Pratt take careful aim with he remington 1100 12 - gauge and blast at the tackle as if it be a clay pigeon . the tangle explode -- both the out-of - towner and the scallop fisherman fall over backward -- angle - harry boat Three man be aboard , one hold a rod which hold a fast arc . a few yard off stern we see a triangular dorsal fin crossing back and forth , struggle , jerk , the mighty tail thresh . one man be scream success , the other two slapping the angler on the back . close - pratt and felix they spot it and sour . pratt well , get over there ! he be not catch it yet ! the owner of Pratt 's boat throw it forward and Pratt remove a .45 automatic from the holster of he belt . he test it , fire once in the air . as they near the scene of the struggle , eleven other boat begin converge , until -- harry boat everyone want to get into the act . they be attack the thresh beast with all they have get . Pratt use he automatic , another blast point blank with a shotgun . there be occasional water ricochet and the bounty hunter duck from time to time as bullet skip by . finally , the shark stop thresh . felix and pratt they boat have move close to the shark , closer than Harry 's . pratt ( exultant ) Hand I that pole ! Quick ! one of he party in the over - fill boat grab a gaff and lean out to grab the moribund shark . but Harry will not give up the line , still reeling in . harry beat it ! I hook he ! pratt how 's the family , Harry ? ( to the man with gaff ) go on and do it ! man with gaff we split down the middle ? Pratt nod reluctantly . the man swing , lodge the gaff and haul the shark up onto the gunwale . a paroxysm of cheer from the surround boat . smoke flare be fire into the air . harry ( a tug-of - war ) let go my shark ! it be a ten-foot tiger , and what a mess -- splatter with bullet puncture , gashes , bleed from several orifice . but it be not dead -- it kick back to life and threaten to capsize the boat . Pratt panic and fire six time with he .45 . the bullet pierce the shark 's head , pass through , and split the fiberglass hull through which a flood of water rise . everybody stand up as the boat slip beneath they . int . morgue - day the amity morgue be also the amity funeral Home , a victorian house that normally serve as the community 's mortuary . the coroner , a professional small - town gp , be stand by as hooper be speak into a sophisticated cassette recorder with a headpiece that leave he hand free for measurement with a calibrator or caliper . brody let 's show Mr. hooper we accident . with a shrug , the coroner slide open the drawer . close on hooper he be look down as the drawer slide past he , still matter - of - fact , turn on he recorder . hooper victim one , identify as christine watkin , female caucasian ... the sheet have just be lift , and hooper stare down at the lump on the slab . he stop , turn off he recorder as emotion wage war with he sense . rationality win , and he turn on the recorder again . hooper ... height and weight may only be estimate from partial remain . torso severe in mid-thorax , eviscerate with no major organ remain . May I have a drink of water ? right arm severe above the elbow with massive tissue loss from upper musculature . portion of denude bone remain . ( tense , to brody ) -- do you notify the coast guard ? brody no , it be local jurisdiction . hooper Left arm , head , shoulder , sternum and portion of ribcage intact . ( to brody ) please do not smoke . with minor post - mortem laceration and abrasion . bite mark indicate typical non-frenzy feed pattern of large squali , possibly carchaninus lonimanus , or isurus glaucas . Gross tissue loss and post-mortem erosion of bite surface prevent detailed analysis ; however , tooth and jaw of the attack squali must be consider above average for this water . ( to brody again ) -- do you go out in a boat and look around ? brody no , we just check the beach ... hooper ( turn off the recorder ) it be not a ' accident , ' it be not a boat propeller , or a coral reef , or Jack the ripper . it be a shark . it be a shark . ext . dock area - day we open close on ugly , open shark 's jaw , still ooze blood and gore . as the shark be hoist up into the air on a gin - pole hoist dockside , meadow be see pass with he secretary and a photographer from the amity gazette . a crowd of return fisherman from the Armada and townspeople be gather around the fish as it be hoist tail - up into the classic sport fisherman 's trophy shot . meadow Ginny , get this out on the state wire to ap and UPI in Boston and New York . have one of they pick it up for the national and call Dave axelrod in New York and tell he this be from I and he owe I one ... let 's get a picture . as he and the photographer turn to mob , we see hooper and brody arrive from the morgue . hooper immediately head towards the shark , while brody pause and we see a look of relief and delight cross he feature . hooper well , if one man can catch a fish in 50 day , then I guess 50 of this bozo can catch a fish in one day -- beginner 's luck . brody ( crossing to man around shark ) you do it ! do Ben gardner catch this ? Men ad lib " no , I catch it ... " " I hook he , " etc . meadow okay , everybody , I want to get a picture for the paper -- could everyone clear out of the way ? he continue to call direction and move people out of the way to set up he shot . hooper be measure the shark . meadow could you get out of the shot , young man ? hooper who , I ? okay ... ( he drift off ) the man ( Felix , Pratt , et al ) get brody to join they in the shot . the whole town and the Armada fisherman all line up in a classic " high school " graduate class shot with the victorious fisherman kneel in front , and the rest of the Armada and townspeople arrange behind they . hendrick hold up the " Beach close " sign in ironic victory . angle showing vaughn approaching the dock brody spot the Mayor come towards the dock , and detach himself from the group to join he . brody Larry , if you would see this clown leave , you would never believe they would come back with anything . but they get he ! vaughn that 's good . that 's real good . Ben meadow get picture for the paper . brody sure he be . hooper and the fishermen the man who land the monster be in a tight cluster , debate something with hooper , who be dwarf by the big beer belly and ham -fisted hand all around he . it 's probable we do not even see he . the Men ad lib " what kind of shark be this ? " " it 's a shark like in the movie they get shark . " " it 's a man-eater , for sure . " " I bet it 's a record - breaker , " etc . hooper ( o.s. ) it 's a tiger shark . very rare in this water , and definitely a maneater . hooper enter the circle , and pick up where he leave off , measure the shark 's tooth . other watch he . Charlie and denherder walk over to the shark . Charlie punch it . brody and vaughn they be walk down to the shark together . vaughn who 's that young man ? brody Matt hooper , the specialist they send down from the oceanographic Institute . vaughn ( speak to everyone ) I think we all owe a debt of gratitude to this man for catch this monster . brody and Vaughn be by now near the circle of fisherman , who be surround hooper , raise they voice at he . pratt whadya mean , ' bite radius ? ' what 's that ? gaffer teeth be tooth , right ? hooper I do not say this be not the shark , I just say I be not sure this be the one ... brody what d'ya mean ? hooper there be hundred of different kind of shark ; makos , blue , hammerhead , white -tip ... any one of they could have attack . look -- shark digestion be slow . we could open this one up , and find whatever he 's be eat be still inside . vaughn that 's disgusting ! this be the large , meanest , most vicious shark ever land off amity Island , and a know maneater ! hooper let 's just cut he open and see what 's inside ... brody why not , Larry ? we could get a positive confirmation that way . vaughn be reasonable , boy -- this be not the time or the place to do some kind of half - ass autopsy on a fish . Ben ... ( to meadow ) do you have all the picture you need ? meadow plenty . hooper wait a minute ... Felix , Pratt and the other ad lib disagreement . " you be not gonna cut up my trophy , " etc . vaughn ( see something offstage , with low intensity ) I be not go to stand here and watch this fish cut open and see some kid fall out on the dock . besides ... ( he indicate off ) we see Mrs. kintner approach , dress in black . vaughn ( to brody ) Chief , I will take responsibility for this . boy , cut this ugly sonofabitch down before he stink up the whole island . harve , tomorrow you and Carl take he out and dump he right in the drink . mrs . kintner join the group she seek out brody , and stop in front of he . mrs . kintner Chief brody ? he nod , she slap he full across the face . there be a embarrassed silence . some people leave , follow a trend that begin with the first mention of cut open the shark . mrs . kintner my Alex be a beautiful little boy and you kill he . do you know that ? you know there be a shark out there . you know a girl get kill here last week . I just find that out . but you know . you know it be dangerous , but you let people go swim anyway . you know all that thing , and still my boy be dead now and there 's nothing you can do about that . my boy be dead . I want you to know that . she stop , unable to continue . her father take she arm and lead she away . Pratt , Harry and the other trail off after she . during the rest of the scene , the camera tighten in on brody to the exclusion of the other . vaughn I be sorry , Martin . she 's in a sick , terrible state . hooper look , maybe this be the wrong time to pursue this , but I be not sure ... before hooper can finish , brody 's shoulder slump and he go slack . brody ( almost to himself ) she 's right . vaughn let 's all get out of here , this place stink . brody I be go home . he turn and leave abruptly , surrender the dock to Vaughn and hooper , who eye each other with mutual dis-admiration . int . brody house - night - dine room brody and ellen , Sean and Michael , have all finish dinner . brody 's plate be untouched , a virgin meatloaf . his glass , on the other hand , be well use , with the remnant of a stiff scotch and ice . he be stare across the table at the youngest , Sean , who make a face at he . he make a face back . they play this game together for a few minute . brody c'mere and give daddy a kiss . sean why ? brody because he need it . Sean give daddy the kiss . brody shoos he and Michael off to bed . ellen , who be feel progressively more leave out with each pass moment , get up abruptly and clear a few dish . brody be not let she into he world for the moment , and it show . there 's a knock at the door . hooper ( o.s. ) Martin brody residence ? ellen open the door for he . hooper hi. I be Matt hooper . if you husband be here , I would like to talk to he . ellen so would i. come on in . hooper enter . he 's carry a couple of bottle of wine which he pick up in town . he sit down near brody . ellen would you like something ? some coffee ? hooper ( see brody 's plate ) be anyone have this ...? he start in on it , as soon as someone have indicate " go ahead . " hooper dynamite ! ( to brody ) how be you day ...? brody swell . they exchange a long look that evolve into a slightly desperate , but share laughter . hooper ( produce wine ) here ... one red , one white . they laugh some more . ellen be again leave out of it . hooper ( bone he fish ) ummm . really good . brody begin stripping the foil off the wine , screwing in a corkscrew , etc . ellen my husband tell I you be in shark . hooper I would not put it that way . but I love shark . ellen you love shark ? hooper I do . ( he tell a story about he boyhood and a shark ) but you have still get a problem here , there 's a shark just off the island somewhere . brody how come you have to tell they that ? ellen Excuse I , but what be you talk about ? do not they catch the shark this afternoon ? it be on the cape station news . hooper they catch a shark , not the shark . Big difference . I could have prove it this afternoon , by cut that one open and examine he stomach content . also , he bite be too small . brody have the cork out of the wine . pop. hooper I be lucky to find that in town -- it 's a estate bottled vintage year ... brody take the fine wine , and pour it into he drink glass fill the tumbler to the top with ice cube , dilute scotch , and the wine . hooper ( as brody pour ) we ought to let it breathe ... whatever . brody let 's all have a drink . he extend the bottle to hooper , who politely accept a token sip . he take some for himself , and offer some to ellen . brody you too , sweetheart ... ellen thank you . hooper ( toast ) here 's to you husband , the only other rational man on the island . Day after tomorrow , I will be go , and he will be the only one . ellen you be leave ? hooper go out on the ' aurora . ' ellen be that a boat ? hooper be it ! the best - fund research expedition to ever study the shark ... around the world in 18 month . ellen like that cousteau special on television ? I think it 's for the kid , but I love they . hooper better than cousteau , or compagno with computer , telemetry , Defense Department funding ... ellen I see a show with sea otter , and a big turtle ... mikey love it . make I promise to get he one . will you live on the boat ? hooper yep . ellen Martin hate boat . hate the water . on the ferry to the mainland , he sit in the car the whole way over . he 's get this childhood thing , there 's a clinical word for it . brody drown . lemme ask you something . be it true most attack take place in three foot of water , around 10 foot from the beach ? hooper yeah . like the kid on you beach . I wish I could have examine that shark they catch ... brody something else . do most attack go unreport ? hooper about half of they . a lot of ' miss swimmer ' be really shark victim . brody there 's a kind of a lone shark , call , uh ... hooper rogue ? brody yeah . rogue . pick out a area where there 's food and hang out there as long as the food supply last ? hooper it 's call territoriality . it 's a theory . brody and before 1900 , when people first start swim for recreation , before public bathing and resort , there be very few shark attack , cause shark do not know what they be miss ? hooper you could say that . brody digest all this ; confirmation of fact he have glean in he newly acquire knowledge of the shark species . there be a long pause . brody why do not we have one more drink , you and I , and then we go down and cut open that old shark and see for sure what 's inside he , or not . ellen can you do that ? brody I be Chief of Police . I can do anything I want . ( to hooper ) you want to come ? hooper I be flatter you should ask . he get up and they both start out . ellen watch they go . int . boat shed - night Dark , spooky shed , with shadow of boat and strange silhouettes of boat part and scaffold . at one end , the large , symmetrical bulk of the shark 's carcass lie on a tarp . a single dark figure be bend over the dead shark . the large double door at one end of the shed squeak open , and the shadowy figure move abruptly away from the shark . the new entrant move into the shed . it be hooper and brody and they be continue the conversation begin in the car on the way over . as the shadowy figure move silently into a vantage point against one wall , he pass through the light from a window ; it be quint , and we only see he long enough to recognize he as he back against the wall . hooper ... and it be Dartmouth Winter weekend , and she be homecome Queen , and I be she date ; then she get into the fact that she family have more money than my family , and she be right -- she great - grandfather be in mining , and my ancestor be yankee shipbuilder . so we break up and I go home with some beatnik from Sarah lawrence . brody what stink so bad ? hooper we friend , the shark . they bend over the shape like 18th century graverobber . hooper we always have a summer place on the water -- Newport , the vineyard , so I figure I would major in something I know about . oceanography , marine biology . it be that , or design racing yacht like my older brother . hmmm . he we go . up the old alimentary canal . hold the light . we hear a slurp and a squish as hooper produce a big knife and dip into the shark with a major incision . hooper we open the abdominal cavity and check the digestive tract . simple . ( he attend to he work ) from he vantage point , quint watch , unseen by the two man . brody be hold the light , fight the gag reflex , fascinate by the bizarre ritual . brody what 's that ? hooper half a flounder . hmmm ... a burlap bag ... a paint can ... aha ! brody what ? what ?! hooper just as I think . he drift up here with the Gulf stream , from southern water . brody how can you tell ? hooper ( show it ) Florida license plate . brody he eat a car ? hooper ( laugh ) no , but Tiger shark be the garbage can of the ocean . they eat anything . but this one do not eat any people . there 's nothing here ... he kick the remain around below camera . hooper ... nothing . brody what do we do ? hooper if you be look for a shark , you do not look on land . you go out and chum for he . brody chum ? hooper only one sure way to find he -- offer he a little something to eat . chum -- blood , waste meat , fish , anything . they can sense it mile away . if he 's out there , we might be able to get a closer look at he . ( check he watch ) it 's a good time , too . they be night feeder ... ext . aboard hooper' boat - night ( tank ) we see brody , look sick and nervous , hold on anxiously as the " fascinatin ' Rhythm " move slowly ahead trolling at night . his glass be already fleck with the white salt of dry seawater . he be wear a life-preserver . hooper be at the wheel , a chart spread in front of he , he eye scan the sea restlessly , check the dial and gauge in front of he as well as the electronic depth- find and " fish - finder " gear mount in the cockpit . a green glow shine from the instrument on he face . two close - circuit tv camera mount below the hull flash they picture onto monitor in the dash . in the aisle between the seat be a large container fill with unpleasant - look bait ; hooper be long - lining for sign of shark , and chumm . hooper ( indicate distant flash beacon ) that 's the cape Light -- we be on the stretch where he 's feed , if he 's still here . brody , bored , tired , and slightly queasy , be try to concentrate on anything but the motion of the boat . he stare at the sophisticated electronics display . brody what be all this stuff ? hooper ( tick they off ) depth -finder , fathometer , sonar , close - circuit tv -- fore and aft -- rdf , single side band ... ( point to themselves ) and two loose nut behind the wheel . brody can you tell from that if a big man - eater be around ? hooper sometimes . ( indicate display ) look here -- something big , probably a school of mackerel clump together . and stay right with we . insert - electronics screen it 's blipping and peeping . close on the two men brody where would you get all this ? hooper I buy it . both set of grandparent set up trust fund for I ; stock go up , so I do not have to touch my principal . brody you be at the Institute full time ? or do you have a job ? hooper ( a nerve have be touch ) it be a job . I be not fool around like some amateur . it 's my life ! brody we gotta get back soon ... wide on the " fascinatin ' rhythm " as it swing around the two man look very small and vulnerable in the open sea , the low-hanging mist obscure they visibility in the night . close on brody he hear something , he eye widen . it be the " bump - thump " of something scraping the hull . brody hey ! hooper look up and cut the wheel hard , as the same time drop the engine into neutral , and then reverse . the sudden change throw brody to he knee . brody what the hell ? angle from hooper' boat : gardner' boat " flicka " awash and floating dead in the sea it 's what they have just run into -- flood to the gunwale , loose debris float around , a tangle of line and gear look like float garbage in the cockpit . hooper 's light sweep across it . brody that 's Ben gardner 's boat ! it 's the flicka ! Ben ? Ben ! hooper cut he engine and drift in ; he scamper out to the bow of he boat and make a line fast to the flicka . inside the cockpit of hooper' boat the electronic display be show increase activity , but only brody , who be cling to a support for dear life , can see the blip and hear the chatter . hooper be lean out to look at the flicka . the two boat hooper be examine the flicka , tie a towline to it . insert he point of view the light pick its way across the ruin boat . the rail where a cleat once be be broadly scar down to the raw timber , and the heady cleat have be tear bodily out of the hull , rip out screw and all . hooper' boat something he have see move hooper . brody what happen ? hooper I want to check something . hold my foot . he stick he head over the side , into the black water . brody do not they have lifejacket or something ? a extra boat ? hooper ( surfacing ) they must have hit something . insert , electronics display blip , chatter , blip , chatter . brody and hooper hooper move to get a better look , the boat rock in the swell and from he movement , brody clutches the rail in a death -grip . hooper go below deck , get into he wet suit , buckle on a weight belt , hold a mask and hot flashlight . hooper he do not have a dinghy aboard . I be go down to take a look at he hull . brody why do not we just tow it in ? hooper ( hyperventilate ) we will . there 's something I have get to find out . brody be careful , for chrissake . hooper take a last few breath , orient himself , take a long , hard look at the quiet , open ocean , and fall into the sea . close on brody he be study the surface , try to follow hooper 's movement . brody be force himself to stay at the edge of the boat by sheer willpower and grim determination . brody be fascinate by the sea like a bird face a cobra . he be very much alone . he grasp a flashlight or boathook as a fragile defense against the unknown . past brody's back to the electronics beep , chatter , blip . underwater sequence - hooper hooper descend in a froth of bubbles . warily he turn a full circle with he hotlight . at first we see nothing out of place about the flicka except that it be lie so low in the water . but as hooper travel the bottom look for damage , he come across a jag hole two - third of the way forward . the hole be about the size of a basketball , and the wood around it have be bashed and splinter . hooper explore the hole with he hand , then take the knife from its sheath and begin to dig at something . whatever it be come free in he hand . as he study he find , he light wander upward , point directly into the dark hole . hooper look up ... close - hole Ben gardner 's dead face stare out through the hole in the flicka , eye and mouth gape in freeze horror , he skin pinch like a prune . close - hooper bump he head in try to get away , seem to yell through escape bubbles . we hear the gasp shout as a bubbling roar in the ear . his mask fill with water as he flail for the surface . miscalculculg , he bump into the hull of he own boat , shocked , dismay , he system jangling with adrenaline shock , he hand open , and the object he pried loose from the hull drift down and out , fall into the eternity of the ocean bottom . he finally burst through the surface . end of underwater sequence the boat , hooper emerging from the water he be gasp for breath , he whole body vibrate with urgency . the salt water in he lung combine with the adrenaline in he blood to deprive he of speech . brody you all right ? hooper a White ! a great White , I find a tooth bury in the hull . he must have attack ... I know it ... gardner 's dead in there . I do not see the mate ... brody no shark do that to a boat ! hooper , despite he shock and surprise , be strangely elate , almost giddy with the wonder of he discovery . hooper Jesus Christ ! a great White ! who would believe it ! we be not talk about a shark , we be talk about a shark ! brody sink weakly into a chair . brody huddle in the stern , hooper kick the engine in with a roar , and still a-shiver with excitement , turn the boat and its grim tow back to port . ext . island highway - the billboard - day next to the " amity welcome you " billboard be a group of selectmen , Vaughn , meadow , hendrick , and another deputy stand by with paint and brushes . brody 's wagon be there , along with a few other car . busy late afternoon traffic be start to pile up as early weekender and curiosity seeker slow down to see what 's happen . behind the billboard , brody and hooper have get Vaughn to one side . they be make a closely reason presentation to he . brody there be a kind of shark call a great White shark that every expert in the world agree be a maneater . hooper you be situation here suggest that a great White have stake out a claim in the water around amity Island , and that he will continue to feed here as long as there be food in the water . brody there 's no limit to where he can strike , and we have have three attack and two death in the past few day . it happen like this before , in 1916 , when a great White kill five swimmer at Jones Beach , in Long Island . hooper a shark 's attack be stimulate by the kind of splash and activity that occur whenever human go swim -- you can not avoid it ! brody a 4th of July beach be like ringing a dinner bell , for chrissake ! hooper I just pull a shark tooth the size of a shot glass out of the hull of a wreck boat out there . brody we tow Ben gardner 's boat in , Larry ; he be dead and he boat be all chew up . vaughn be that tooth here ? do anyone see it ? hooper I do not have it . brody he lose it on the way up . vaughn what kind of a shark do you say it be ? hooper carcaradon carcharias . a great White . vaughn well , I be not go to commit economic suicide on that flimsy evidence . we depend on the summer people for we life , and if we beach be close , then we be all finish . brody we have get to close the beach . we have get to get someone to kill the shark , we need non-corrosive mesh netting , we need scientific support ... it 's gonna cost money just to keep the nut out and save what we have . vaughn I do not thing either of you be familiar with we problem ... hooper I be familiar with the fact that you be go to ignore this thing until it swim up and bite you on the ass ! there be only two way to solve this thing : you can kill it , or you can cut off its food supply ... brody that mean close the beach . vaughn come here , I want to show you something . he lead brody around to the front of the billboard , on which we see that some prankster have paint a huge shark fin in the water behind the swimmer , so she look now like a frantic bather flee a pursue monster . vaughn sick vandalism ! brody , that 's a deliberate mutilation of a public service message ! I want that little paint-happy bastard catch and hang up by they baby buster Browns ! hooper ( who have follow they around ) that 's it ! I be stand here argue with a guy who can not wait to be a hot lunch . Goodbye . brody wait a minute ! I need you . hooper out there be a perfect engine , a eat Machine that be a miracle of evolution -- it swim and eat and that 's all . look at that ! that proportion be correct . ( indicate fin ) I know shark . vaughn you would love to prove that . get you name in the National geographic . brody Larry , we can re-open the beach in August . vaughn August ! tomorrow be the 4th of July , and we be go to open for business . it 's go to be we best summer in year . if you be so concerned about the beach , you two , you do whatever you have to to keep they safe , but with you or without you , the beach stay open this weekend . int . ferry boat - day two cavernous iron door . then a crack of vertical light as six burly crewmen muscle they apart . the amity ferry landing be approach , people in colorful outfit wait dockside for the first fill - to- capacity shuttle of the summer season and -- bach 's Little fugue be the musical accompaniment to this wholly visual montage of disembarkation . the next two minute should be treat like a " short film " take into account all of the color , episode , face and behavior of a variety of Americans who colonize Eastern resort community for the ninety - day season . intercut with this montage be brody 's home , where ellen , hooper and brody be in sweaty , gritty all - out effort to enlist some support . element in this montage include : A. a train of car trundle down the ramp , bumper to bumper . B. Young beautiful people from Princeton , Yale , nyu , wear knapsack , tote luggage , baby riding in papoose rig , energize child , senior citizen hold hand on the pedestrian ramp , a few wheelchair . c. hooper , bent over the phone : " I know it 's a long weekend , could you get I he home phone number ? D. sidewalk vendor hawk " shark kill " souvenir , big photo " personality poster " of the dead tiger shark hang on the dock . E. brody : " you be act senior officer ? where 's Chief petty Officer feldman ? where 's the Coast Guard executive Officer ? " f. souvenir stand sell genuine shark teeth from the amity killer shark , capture this week . G. amity cab company , small blue toyotas line up with they college student driver like a bomber wing . H. hooper : " well then , operator , could you try he in the dining room ? " i. brody : " all I get be a recording . be there some other number I could try ...? " J. Station wagon with pale winter face press anxiously to the window . cadillac with rear admiral at the helm , they wife with blue hair remember the way from year before . K. hooper : " when do he check out ? do he leave another phone number ? " L. brody : " how can I reach he in Chambers if he 's not in Chambers ? " M. Little karate hand break picket fence . n. some local delinquent about 10 or 12 year old , towing behind they bicycle a little dead sand shark with sign : " amity monster shark . " " kill here . " 5 cent a hit . " etc. then six blonde and tan coney Island meatball descend the ramp . they all wear Men 's Club lifeguard patch and match collegiate windbreaker . they scour the landing , look for someone to save . the boat be empty . everybody head inland , anticipate the best fourth of July ever . already there be debris on the dock and the clean crew work away at it . inside the ferry as bach 's Little fugue end , the six burly crewmen lean they combine weight against the Cathedral door , close out the light and lock in the trade . the door latch shut with a resounding clang ! angle on brody , nervously watching the beach he be study everything , try to make sure he have it cover as well as possible . he almost do not hear the approach roar of a small helicopter until it settles down behind he , and a Flying Officer get out , starch , press fatigue , a flawless fatigue baseball cap , and slick dark aviator 's sunglass . the Steve Canyon of amity . he present brody with a clipboard . officer Martin brody ? ( brody nod ) I will need you signature here ... here ... and here . brody what be this ? officer authorization for direct payment of flight expense not directly connect to a normal mission of this command . ( brody do not understand ) you pay for the gas . brody sign . the Officer shake he head as brody make a error . brody I sign on the wrong line ... officer just erase you signature and initial you erasure . brody comply , shaking he head . the Officer snap he a salute , jog lightly back to he idling copter , buckle in , and give brody a " thumb up " as he lift off in a flurry of sand and ice-cream wrapper . ext . beach parking lot - early morning and this be it -- the Dawn patrol , the only force that the frantic phone call produce . hendrick , and the regular summer extra deputy . the lifeguard . half a dozen state trooper . some deputy from neighbor town , and a Coast Guard ensign with a handful of regular in work dungaree . some of hooper 's friend from the institute . brody and hooper , badly in need of sleep , be watch the crew straggle in . already the first of the holiday beach - goer be pile out of they car in a brightly color cascade of beach ball , umbrella , blanket , portable bar - b - que , radio , sun visor , reflector , raft , ball , tube , and newspaper . hooper watch one such group : a family of ten get out of a camper-van . he watch in dismay as the family bumble onto the beach for a day of fun in the sun . brody address he troops , such as they be . brody I want to thank you guy from local agency for cooperate , and I hope we will not actually be need you service . but I be glad to have you here . the Men ad lib response : " happy to do it , " " any time , " " when 's lunch ? " " I hate holiday , " etc . ensign I want to get we line and repellent out , so we better shove off . he nod to he man , who head for some Boston whaler ( or similar boat with surf-ride capability ) and push off into the surf to patrol the swim area . brody ( a last caution ) we be all on one channel , so let 's keep radio traffic to a minimum , okay ? everyone kind of nod acknowledgment . hooper I hope we get some more help . brody I wish it would rain ... ext . beach - amusement area - close of shark machine in a shed near the bandstand , a half - dozen pinball and arcade machine suck quarter from holiday beach - goer . a mechanical shark traverse the screen , be hit with a electric harpoon and red " blood " blossom from its side , indicate a hit . sound of electronic gadgetry , people have fun . meadow be there write it all up for the paper . a move away from the screen of this particular machine reveal the arcade , the parking lot , and , finally , the beginning of the panorama of the beach that July 4th have create . ext . south beach - the FOURTH of JULY four foot surfer 's swell curl and crash on shore , riderless . the broad sandy beach be a mosaic of summer color as one thousand vacationer practice fun in the sun , but not in the water . hot dog stand and ice cream vendor be everywhere . angle - lifeguard station a half - dozen lookout loft . as many handsome lifeguard with walkie- talky strapped to they trunk and loud-hailer at arm 's reach . bore , two of the hot dog train they binocular on some local color . angle on tv mobile unit a tv mobile unit Van be set up : cable snake to camera , a camera with a big sport zoom sit on the platform atop the truck , a spiffy announcer - type in a blazer with he station 's call letter on the pocket . Inside the darken control room , we can see the pale blue square of monitor in a mosaic against one wall , face the switcher . at sea hooper be methodically patrol in he boat . tactically flanking a three - hundred - yard apron of black repellent be four small watch - boat . a tiny pleasure boat dart around the repellent line . farther out , crossing back and forth , be patrol boat . to top it all off , a Coast Guard helicopter hover and patrol three hundred foot above . int . television mobile unit at least eight monitor , reflect the output of three camera and two tape machine , as well as line , preview , and effect monitor . monitor : camera 1 : holding on a group of happy citizen - bather as they unpack they gear , wave to camera , run into the water . monitor : camera 2 : the repellent line , set in place by Coast guardsman in small boat , set out float , dump repellent into the ocean . monitor : camera 3 : Close on the bandstand , where amity 's band be play lilt patriotic air . after we have see this activity , we can take a look at what 's go on : the preparation of the tape segment for the six o'clock news . tv director put 1 on the line . in five . 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . Roll . on the " tape 1 " and " line " monitor , we see Vaughn be interview by the announcer in the blazer . announcer ... and with I be the Mayor of amity , lawrence Vaughn . Mr. Vaughn , how about that rumor ? vaughn how about they indeed . I be pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have , in fact , catch and kill a large predator that supposedly injure some bather here . as you can see , it 's a beautiful day , the beach be open , and the folk here be have a wonderful time . amity , y'know , mean ' friendship . ' monitor : camera 1 : as Vaughn speak to we on the monitor , the monitor for camera 1 pan over to show a sightsee Bus pull up in the parking area , and a horde of media vulture spilling out , carry camera with long lense and tripod , telescope , sunshade and parasol , all the equipment of the curious and none of the equipment of the holiday bather or swimmer . tape 1 and line monitor : Close on the announcer , Vaughn out of the picture . announcer also here today be a Marine biologist and Research fellow from the oceanographic Institute , Matthew hooper . Mr. hooper , what have you hear ? hooper what I have hear and what I have see be two different thing . I believe there be a large great White shark -- carcharodon cacharias - in the water off this very beach , that he have kill and that he will kill again ... hooper 's voice fade off as someone at the mixer panel dial he mike off , and bring up the announcer 's lavalier . announcer ( move into center frame ) and there you have it -- two different opinion , by man of good will . the holiday crowd here at amity seem to be make up its own mind ... the camera pan off he to a happy family head for the beach . monitor : camera 3 : Zoom in on the puffing face of the tuba player . monitor : camera 2 : brody and the announcer . monitor : tape 1 and line : back on the announcer , he lip move , but he sound turn off . we hear , instead , the sound from monitor camera 2 , brody and the same announcer . brody I be sorry , I just do not have the time . tv director recue the machine . 2 , pan off the Chief and show I some tit and ass . 1 , get I some cute kid . 3... see if you get a shot at the water . monitor : cameras 1 , 2 and 3 : the camera seek out the appropriate activity as the director call for it . assistant director ( hold up stopwatch ) Mayor , 43 second , biologist 45 second . that 's equal time , right ? director right . ( he press " talkback " button to he announcer ) Jerry , come on in and look at this . ( to he headset ) Roll 2 . in five , 4 . 3 . 2 . 1. tape 2 - monitor : start show we the assemble interview segment we have just see , start with the announcer 's open remark . announcer ( v.o. monitor ) amity Island be fame for its clear air and white sand beach . but a cloud appear ... his voice be dial under as the announcer himself appear in the control room to watch himself on the monitor . announcer ( live ) look at that shine on my nose . it 's a beacon . director Close enough for remote . as Vaughn begin he spiel again , the other monitor show we the action on the beach . vaughn ( v.o. ) ... I be pleased and happy ... director think we ought to stick around ? announcer what else you get ? assistant director teacher ' strike downtown . cameraman' voice ( o.s. ) christenson , this be al. Union say time for Engineering five . director that 's five minute , guy . coffee . angle on the beach Vaughn be in he shirtsleeve , have slip out of he jacket . he mop he brow , and survey the beachfront . at this moment , there 's nobody swim . he approach a familiar selectman , nod hello , and squat beside he on the sand . vaughn why do not you get in the water ? selectman I do not want to wash off my suntan lotion . I will get a burn ... vaughn ( some urgency ) nobody 's go in ! on a adjoin blanket , a spirite Ruth Gordon type be sit , watch brightly as she manservant , a polished Eric Harrison type , prepare some tea from a thermos . woman be there nobody go in ? what a shame . Arthur , should I be go in ? arthur ( the butler ) ( pour tea ) if you would like . he put down the tea service , and lead she towards the water . at the edge of the sea , she stop , and he walk in . arthur ( as he enter the wave ) it 's very nice . not too cold ... quite refresh ... very pleasant .... he duck he head under for a final look around . his drip head rise triumphantly from the surf . arthur no shark , m'lady . she start into the water , he take she parasol , escort she the rest of the way into the ocean . woman this be marvelous ! Arthur , I want to come back to this very spot . will you make a note of where we be ? wide - on the beach encourage by the sight of the woman and Arthur , and Vaughn 's quiet urging , people begin to wander into the surf , a few at first , and then a rush , as people plunge in and begin enjoy the pleasure of ocean bathing . the selectman go in , he family follow , Vaughn watch it all , beam . boat # 7 hendrick be on the radio while a Coast Guard spotter work the sonar . hendrick anything ? think I see a shadow . over . Pan to the water . underwater as before , 400 pair of entice , yummy swimmer ' leg , kick like animated hor d'oeuvre . int . helicopter - aerial view a breathtaking view . the copter spotter look down with naked eye and binocular . copter spotter nothing from up here , Daisy . over . close - hendrick hendrick ( into walkie - talkie ) false alarm . must be this glare . angle - beach - close on brody he be walk down the beach , thread he way through the happy horde . meadow nod " hello . " voice who 's scared to go in ! I be in ! up to you knee , yeah -- so come with I -- I will go again . meadow beautiful day , Chief ! a group of youngster play with Michael brody 's dinghy . they be haul it toward the surf . brody hey mikey -- ! Michael turn as brody trot toward he . brody you be not go to the ocean with that , be you son ? michael I be all check out for light surf and look at it . brody do I this favor just once . use the pond . michael dad , the pond be for old lady . brody just a favor for you old man . michael ( confuse ) sure , dad . tv crew - near water tv cameramen be pack up they gear . for they it 's a wrap repellent line - county policeman suddenly he walkie- talkie fizze , and the copter spotter 's voice overload the speaker . copter spotter copter to Daisy ! Red four , Red four ! boat # 7 - hendrick gun be up , head turn everywhere . hendrick ( into walkie- talkie ) where -- ? copter spotter go under you -- there ! the Coast Guard sonar operator spot it and pale . a slick black dorsal fin be slice a wake toward the swim area . sonar operator Jesus Christ -- shark ! beach - brody rigid and choke , he almost break the " send " button try to transmit . brody everybody out ! out of the water , please -- leave the water , please -- a lifeguard in a loft behind he begin blow on he whistle . close - brody shouting hysterically . brody no whistle ! no whistle ! the beach dozen of bather halfway out of the water , turn to see . more whistle , and they start toward shore . we hear panicky voice ad-lib ; " shark , " " look out , " etc . the loudhailer sounding more urgent now , and a contagious dread seize one person after another . entire group of people begin pull toward shore , some of they obviously try to control a grow hysteria in other . boat # 6 and # 7 be converge , head toward the repellent line as if tracking a underwater shadow . the fin be beyond the repellent cordon and head into the crowd . hooper' boat caught on the other end of the line , he be wheeling in a broad , hot -dogger 's circle turn , head back . the water - bather people begin scream . kid be suddenly separate from they parent . other seem to forget how to swim . one myopic little girl have she glass bump off and she begin to cry in blind panic . ellen brody look around frantic . boat # 2 , # 3 , # 4 the riflemen in the boat be try to get a bead , but too many civilian create a hazard . the Coast guardsman attempt to sever the repellent cord to gain access to the bathing area and the heaving fin . the water - bather this be a confirmation of we worst dread -- a full - blow headlong water panic . scream vacationer claw they way over the body of the less able . some literally attempt to walk over the bob head and glisten back of other pull for dry land . closeup - panic horrify face . some be stunne and wander in slow , tentative circle , while other be help out by friend . five people try to mount a rubber raft . Ugly reminder that each of we be number one . brody enter shot , yell into he walkie-talkie , someone charge past he to help a old man out of the water . ext . the beach dragging the helpless from the surf . tear well in brody 's eye . the scream be deafen . the tv unit be hopping up and down in rage and frustration . tv director why do we wrap ? get that ! somebody get that ! one thousand survivor pack the beach , stand absolutely still . a numb cold set in , and people shiver against each other . mute sob , whimper , cough . the six burly lifeguard huddle together like cub scout . angle - bathing area the monstrous black fin turn a slow circle as two Coast guardsman manage to cut they own repellent line . all boat converge on the dynamic fin . Men raise they gun to fire . other adlib nautical command in a uniquely calculate fashion . close - fin it slip sideways , revealing for the first time a tiny blue snorkel . then appear the face of two youngster whom we will recall from the coven behind the dune . the fin bob back , a beaverboard replica attach to a partially submerge surfboard . one youngster look up and be greet by : youngster's point of view twenty rifle and shotgun point directly at he . surround he on three side . some of the policeman start to lower they gun -- strike dumb . hooper in he boat he throttles back suddenly , subside into he own wake , he eye still restlessly search . close - youngster he only defense , he begin to cry -- and feebly raise he hand in unconditional surrender . angle - estuary the narrow estuary lead into the half - mile be rough today . two child digging in the sand and unaware of the beach panic one hundred yard away look up , and the little girl point . black dorsal fin be cruise through the narrow and toward the busy pond . hooper in he boat again he see it , and jam he throttle forward . he steer with one hand , fumble urgently for he walkie-talkie with the other . aerial view the circle of boat around the little prankster , the crowd huddle on the beach , hooper 's boat suddenly arrow towards the estuary , leave a huge boil wake . close on vaughn he catch hooper 's boat out of the corner of he eye . curious , he follow its progress . it 's urgency finally communicate itself to Vaughn , who begin a shambling trot across the dune towards a rise overlook the estuary . overlooking the estuary Vaughn get there just in time to see the disaster . he watch , helpless , try to shout , out of breath . stun . angle - pond Michael be tack full - sail in he boat with a friend , kit . kit be admire the shark 's tooth necklace around he own neck while Michael rub some water on the scratch leave by it . the fin , huge , black and real , cross behind they . they be not yet aware . the fin seem to circle and return . it head toward Michael 's boat when another small dinghy get in its way -- a weekend novice just finish a thermos of coffee when he be " bump . " the entire boat be overturn . Michael see the fin now as it collide with he , the entire bow lift out of the water and roll over on the port side . Michael and kit be throw head first . Three head in the water come up sputtering , the fin between they crossing back . Michael freeze . the fin come directly at he , grow into the sky , pass he so close he could touch it , but ignore he as it follow the flail and panicked weekend novice . catch he . Michael watch . that all too familiar explosion of water -- a choke off scream -- the head and upper torso of the novice pass Michael swiftly as though be carry off -- a current of blood trail behind . the victim ( pass a horrify Michael , who half extend one hand , as if to help ) it 's no good . I be dead ... ( and he be ) a renew cry of shark ! close - brody he turn . oh God ! running through the slogging sand . close - ellen a sudden turn . she run . close - hooper in boat he 's get the walkie-talkie to he mouth . hooper block the estuary ! the estuary ! Three boat racing to carry out the order . the black fin be - pass the two child , racing to get out . hooper reach the mouth before the other . the fin will not veer off . it smack into the little vessel , bump it aside . the fin be leave racing into open water . blood leaving . hooper leaping over the side , slogging towards Michael . wide on water copter roar in buzzing the shark , but too late . close - brody and ellen they be pull Michael out of the water as hooper splashes up . Michael be conscious but in shock -- he eye stare at nothing . brody ( feel he face ) he 's in shock . get blanket ! people gather and brody snatch beach towel out of they hand . they cover Michael and carry he off the beach , foot raise above he head . int . hospital - day Michael be wheeled out in the bed . brody and ellen be there . Sean be sleepy in brody 's arm . Vaughn be wait in the hall . nurse the doctor say it 's okay -- mild shock . he can come home in the morning . ellen ( to Michael ) hey , big guy -- you want anything from home ? michael my car . and a comic book . brody ( see Vaughn ) here -- ( give baby to ellen ) take he home . ellen Home ... New York ? brody no. Home here . ellen exit . brody ( crossing to Vaughn ) get a pen on you ? vaughn why ? brody there 's only one thing you be good for anymore -- signing a damn voucher . here . it 's a authorization to employ a contractor . vaughn I do not know if I can do that without a ... brody ( interrupt ) I be go to hire quint to kill the fish . I want to see that shark dead . vaughn maybe we can save August ... brody forget it . this summer 's have it . next summer 's have it . you be the mayor of shark City . you want to keep the beach open . what happen when the town find out about that ? vaughn I be act in the town 's best interest ... brody the best interest in this town would be to see that fish belly - up in the water with a hole in he head . you do the right thing . you authorize I . ( indicate paper ) right there . whatever it cost . vaughn my kid be on that beach ... brody just sign it , Larry . Vaughn sign , and brody take the paper and exit . quint' house - day brody and hooper be approach quint 's house . they enter through the big wooden door , into another circle of Hell . smoke and steam from two big oil drum sit over fire fill the air . quint and he mate , herschel , be grind piece of pilot whale into chum . the whale lie bloody on the floor , its ruin carcass add to the stench of other shark be boil in the drum , they tail suspend in the air . diesel fume and decay fill the air , and tool , rope , break bit of iron and engine part litter the floor . Wall hanging of rope and float , and buoy , barrel , tackle and gear all conspire to frame the kill floor . brody and hooper navigate the obstacle course . brody this have get to be one big violation ... hooper ( handle some gear ) this be quite a place . quint' voice keep you hand off my stuff . he emerge from the steam and smoke . quint do you bring a check ? brody what ? quint Cash ? or do we do this on a handshake and a promise ? brody I be authorize by the township of amity to hire you as a independent contractor . we will meet you price . $ 10,000 . quint and my regular daily rate -- $ 200 , whether we catch he or not . brody you get it . quint and incidental damage , if any ... brody you get it . quint and you get the Mayor off my back with this zone crap . nobody tell I how to run my property . brody you get it . quint and , uh , a case of apricot brandy and you buy the lunch . brody two case . and dinner when you land . quint ( pour drink ) try some of this . I make it myself . brody taste . quint here 's to swimmin ' with bowlegge woman . herschel interrupt . he 's stop work , and be wiping he hand on a bloody rag . herschel Mr. quint ... quint wheel to face he . herschel I be not goin ' . no sir . quint you want to get pay , you go . herschel forget the money . you can not pay I enough . I be not crazy . I work some big mean fish with you , but I be not goin ' on this one . quint this be the last time I hear from you . I do not want anyone with piss for blood on my vessel . put that blackfish on board , pump the bilge , and top off the fuel tank , and finish up in the morning . then you be on the beach . hooper you be go to need a extra hand ... quint turn to see this new voice , and start walk towards he . brody this be Matt hooper ... quint I know who he be ... brody he 's from the oceanographic Institute . hooper I have be to sea since I be 12 . I have crewe three tran -pac -- quint transplant ? hooper -- and a America 's Cup trial ... quint I be not talk about day sailing or pleasure boat . I be talk about work for a live . shark . hooper and I be not talk about hook some poor dogfish or sand shark . I be talk about a great White . quint be you now . I know about porker in the water -- ( throw he some rope ) here . tie I a sheepshank . hooper tie the knot effortlessly . hooper I do not need to pass basic seamanship . quint let I see you hand ... he take hooper 's hand in he own big bloody fist , and feel they as he talk . quint ha. City hand . you be count money . if you have a $ 5000 net and $ 2000 worth of fish in it , and along come Mr. White , and make it look like a kiddy scissors class have go to work on it and make paper doll . if you would ever work for a live , you would know what that mean . hooper look , I do not need to hear any of this work class hero crap . some party boat skipper who 's kill a few shark ... brody ( interrupt ) hey . knock it off . I do not want to have to listen to this while we be out there ... quint what do you mean ' we ...? ' brody it 's my charter . my party . quint all right , commissioner . but when we be on my ship , I be master , mate and Pilot . and I want he ... ( indicate hooper ) ... along for ballast . brody you get it . ext . quint' dock - morning the mate be load . he hand quint the item on he check list as quint take they aboard . quint 5 length of 1 / 2 -inch , 20 number 14 's , straight gaff , fly gaff , tail rope , eye splice , m - 1 , 20 clip , plier , iron ... as he talk , we see hooper come down to the dock . wheeling a wagon behind he be two long -haire Research assistant from the Institute . on the wagon , among other thing , be a big shark cage . at dockside , hooper check he list , as he sign for he issue . hooper powerhead , co2 dart , hypo , regulator , tank , depth gauge , camera , extra magazine , cage ... close - on hooper and research assistant assistant you get everything you ask for ? hooper all of it . and thank Dr. miro for I . and tell borack I will catch up with they in New Zealand . assistant this be actually a kill expedition ? hooper a eye for a eye , you know . quint hey , squirt ! you want to stow this gear or you want I to use it for ballast ? it be not good for much but bait . hooper ( to Assistant ) I will see ya . tell dorothy hello . hooper see he gear approach . angle on dock and orca quint see hooper approach with the large cage . quint hello , junior . what be you ? some kind of half - ass astronaut ? ( to himself ) Jesus Christ , when I be a kid , every little squirt want to be a harpooner or a sword fisherman . what d'ya have there -- a portable shower ? hooper anti-shark cage . quint who 's inside , you or the shark ? hooper indicate " I . " quint you be in the cage ? ( hooper nod ) the cage be in the water ? ( hooper nod ) the shark be in the water too ? ( hooper nod ) you be in the water with the shark . hooper nod . quint sing " Spanish lady " half to himself . hooper comin ' aboard ... angle on dock , brody and ellen approaching she 's carry a little plastic shopping bag , he 's wear shiny new foul weather gear , bundle up , sweaty , uncomfortable . she give he as good a hug as she can manage under the circumstance . ellen do you take you dramamine ? ( brody nod ) here . she straighten he coat , and give he a shave kit to carry aboard with he toiletry . from the deck , quint whistle derisively . quint hurry up , Chief , daylight 's a wastin' . ellen be that he ? brody ( to ellen ) colorful , be not he ? ellen you go to be all right ? brody nothing to worry about -- I will survive this . ellen I will see you back soon . there 's a extra pair of glass in you black sock , and there 's some suntan lotion and blistex in you kit . brody nod , and hold she hand for a wordless moment . quint ( o.s. ) ( sing ) ' here be the body of Mary Lee . for 15 year she keep she virginity . not a bad record for this vicinity . ' there be a sputter and roar as the orca 's diesel kick on . brody yo-ho - ho and a bottle of rum . ellen ( hugging he ) what will I tell the kid ? brody tell them I go fishin ' ! they laugh together , and exchange a short , fierce kiss . quint cast off the bow line ! now you stern ! its diesel chugge , the orca pull away from the pier . ellen have already resolutely turn she back on it , and be walk off the dock back onto dry land . aboard the orca quint have set a course out towards the open sea . he lash the wheel , and jump down to address hooper and brody , who be stand together in the stern . quint ( to brody ) Front - bow , back -stern , Port , starboard . aloft , below . it 's not a staircase , it 's a ladder , it 's not a rope , it 's a line , and if you do not get it right ... ( indicate porthole ) I will throw you ass through that little round window . he laugh at he joke . this be probably something he tell all he charter . quint now hear this . you be aboard the fishing vessel ' orca , ' and I be she Captain , master , mate , and owner . you will jump when I holler . we be doin ' a job here , and Christ , I be not get time to watch you bird get hook in you ass and fall overboard . ship with I , and you will do all right . Cross I , and I will slap you upside you head . now -- if you boy be ready -- let 's go fishin ' . he start move gear around , prepare chum barrel , set hook , hooper give he a hand , brody stay out of the way . dissolve to : ext . the ocean - noon it be quiet as the orca drift along in the current , a wide chum slick spread behind it . a couple of flag buoy spread along we perspective show we the mile the boat have go . quint spot something in the water -- a small blue shark attract by the chum . he rig a small pole with a piece of bait , and throw it over the side . quint here 's something for you ... the shark take the bait , quint brutally and efficiently set the hook , and reel the shark alongside . he haul it part way out of the water , and stick it with a gaff . hooper and brody watch . insert - shark wriggling on hook tailrope drop on he . gaff and bleed , the shark be immobilize by quint 's practice hand . he take one of he big knife and pose for a moment beside the struggle fish . quint this greedy son -a- bitch will eat they own gut . he slice into the shark 's underbelly . we hear the sound of entrail plopping into the water . brody be almost retching , and hooper be just displease . angle on the water the gut shark swim in circle bite at its own entrail . another angle fin close in on the wounded shark . quint go ahead , you cannibal . tell them where you get it ! shark frenzy a boil of water and the flash of fin and tooth as the local shark erupt in a feed frenzy , jaw snap , blood spew , a sudden display of the fury and blind predatory drive of the fearsome species . hooper what 's that suppose to prove ? quint just a little appetizer . I want we porker to know we be serve . I want to put some iron into that big yap ... hooper and brody react as we dissolve to : ext . the ocean - afternoon the orca be drift in neutral . the ocean be like gelatin , the sun suck heat wave from its surface . brody at the stern , handkerchief on he head to protect from further sunburn , have be hand the slimiest job on a shark hunt : the ladling out of chum . there be several empty chum barrel . a flag buoy bob in the wake of the boat , another wait to be toss over the side . brody be reeling with nausea . he open he overnight kit and take out a handkerchief and some Old spice after-shave . he pour the after- shave into the cloth , press it to he nose . hooper be also in the stern . quint keep that chum line go -- we have get five good mile . do not break it . brody who 's drive the boat ? quint nobody . we be drift with the current . hooper ( use the fish finder ) nothing . nothing , nothing , nothing . quint ( to hooper ) Hell , in the old day we go out with good chart , good sounding lead , and a damn good compass . nowadays , this kid be afraid to go out without depth finder , radar , radio , electric toothbrush , every stupid thing ... quint open a can of beer and drain it in one long pull , crush the empty and throw it over the side . hooper drain he coffee from a styrofoam cup , and crack it in he hand with a silly " plup . " he stow the piece in a empty chum barrel . quint ( to brody ) get a fresh barrel . brody go to unlash a fresh barrel , but can not figure out the knot . he finally tug on a piece of rope , and it all come loose ... barrel , shark cage , and , most important , hooper 's tank , clatter and roll on the deck . hooper ( jump up ) watch it ! compress air -- you screw around with one of that and boom ! careful , huh ? quint ( mutter ) Real fine stuff but it will not mean a thing to Mr. whitey , of course ... he do not go to school in electronics . he be bear with what he do best . eat . he 's a swim appetite . ' course he might eat this stuff , but then I have see he eat a rock chair , too . ( to brody ) next time , ask I . dissolve to : later the man be in different position on the boat . hooper on the fly bridge . quint in the stern , brody hang over the rail , puke . quint take a wide red strip of whale meat and a gnarled squid from the garbage pail , and search for a no. 2 hook rig . he hold up a strip of whale . hooper ( eyeing bait ) that 's pilot whale , be not it ? quint it be not a Big mac. ( to brody ) the expert do not approve . what do you thing ? you be closer to the situation . ( laugh ) brody shade he eye from the white sun as quint bait up . brody ( croaky ) why be we way out here , when the shark 's back there ? quint ( snap bait to he leader ) ...' cause this be where he life . you gotta think like they do . hooper ( to himself ) easy for you -- they get a brain the size of a radish . quint sit in the fight chair . he cast off , murmure as the line feed out . quint ( to brody ) now if he be not around , we would of hook something else by now , would not we ? but he scared them all away . Big lonesome son of a bitch ... dissolve to : later quint at ease in he chair , brody near he , practice tie knot . the line start to move , a few foot at a time ; both man watch . then the line whizze off the reel . brody jump up . hooper spring to the deck . quint put he hand on the drag and address the situation softly . quint -- he will gulp it down now ... ( make gulp noise ) hooooooo ! quint tighten drag and strike . the line go whizzing out . brody run to quint 's side . hooper spring up to the fly bridge . brody you get it ? quint ( turn with the pull ) get behind I , dummy ! ( shout to hooper ) reverse she and turn -- he 's take too much line ! ( to brody ) wet my reel , quick ! brody go to get water , the boat surge , he stagger . brody pour water on the scream reel , nearly unspool now . hooper be turn the boat around and the line change direction . quint ( strain , muscle pop ) starboard , for Chris 'sake -- hooper steer it sharply . quint ( to hooper ) hey , you ! Farmer ! half -speed there ... hooper ( almost to himself ) aye , aye sir . stand by to repel border . poop the mainsail . argh , Jim Boy . again the line change direction , down this time . quint ( to hooper ) neutral ! ( to himself ) where the hell be he go ? quint reeling in like mad . quint oh , this be not foolin ' I -- ( rod arc down with a surge ) sure -- try it ! he ad lib brief instruction to brody as the line rush out and there be less tension . quint be horsing up and down , reeling in . quint makin ' believe it 's easy now . the line be almost vertical , and quint show a hint of bafflement . he reel in suspiciously . quint gettin ' ready to run again -- no ? no? ( suspicious ) what 's he playin ' here ? ( reel in furiously , to brody ) put the glove on ! ( to fish ) let 's see who 's gonna tease who now ! hooper let it go , do not waste you time . quint ( to hooper ) down here , hooper ! hooper be rush down . hooper I do not know what it be , but it 's not a shark . quint ( bath in sweat ; haul , reeling ) look -- you may be a big Yahoo in the lab , but out here you be just supercargo , and you will do as I say , or you can take you gear and backstroke home . now get down here ! the leader show above the water line . brody be wide - eye , wait for that first look . brody the wire 's show ! quint ( to brody ) unbuckle I -- fast ! ( to hooper ) grab the leader . he be not normal , this one ... they never -- hooper it 's too wild , too erratic . it 's a marlin or a stingray . it 's a gamefish . hooper snap the rope onto the leader and hold on . quint watch you hand -- ( suddenly to brody ) grab onto this ! before he realize what 's happen , brody be clumsily clutching at the big rod , appal . quint skip away for a fly gaff . he pick one , turn ... that 's when the leader lash free , send hooper crash backward in a serious fall , and the rod whip at brody 's forehead , draw blood . quint snatch up the rod and reel in . the wire have be bitten through . quint ( to hooper ) a marlin , or a stingray . huh . do not ever tell I my business again . get back up on the bridge . hooper ( stunne ) I be okay ... quint ( to brody ) fasten the pole . brody what 's the point with hook and line ? -- quint do not tell I my business ! ( to hooper , point ) Quarter - mile , that way . full throttle . hooper shake off he dizziness and obey . brody watch quint rig up a new leader , hook up the same bait . brody ( nursing forehead , gesture at rod and reel ) how -- if they be gonna keep on break ? quint what I do be trick he to the surface , get that ? then I can jab he , understand ? ( go to flybridge , mutter ) think I be gonna haul it in as if he 's a catfish , like everyone else do ? brody go inside to inspect he forehead . on bridge - hooper and quint quint ( suddenly , point ) over there ! hooper what do you see ? quint ( still look ) at least you handle the boat all right . stop. here ... cut the engine . hooper cut the engine as quint swing nimbly down . he stand stock still on the main deck , motion brody to be silent . then pick up the newly rig rod , quint softshoe it over to the chair . about to sit down , he freeze . close - quint look hard at something . close - brody stare , eye widen . close - hooper move in , surprised , interested , fascinate . there combined point of view we see the shark . first the fin ... then the head and upper jaw , ten or twenty yard off the side of the boat . it finally submerges , its tail give a final slap . angle on quint he put he rod away and stare at it . and stare . and stare . hooper be the first to break the silence . hooper 20 foot , if it 's a inch ... quint 25 foot . and three ton of he there . hooper be nearly beside himself with a strange ecstasy . he leap toward he gear . quint ( quietly , to brody ) I never see one that big . brody what do we do ? get some help ? Radio in ? quint ignore he and move off into the pilot house , where he swiftly take out he green case , and open it to begin to assemble something inside it . brody be alone on the deck with hooper . brody how're we gonna handle this ? hooper be contain in he own excitement . he have finally come up with what he be look for -- a expensive Nikon through which he peer intently at the shark alongside . he be talk half to himself as he fine- tune the range finder and focus . he be squeaking and bubbling in a unsuppressed emotional boil . hooper ( very , very high ) there 's a formula ! girth , about 150 inch , square , divide by 800 -- son of a bitch , they be not go to believe this ! -- divide by 2000 ... three ton ! ( after quint ) you be right , you old fart ! Three ton ! ( ad lib ecstasy ) close on quint in the pilot house he be assemble the greener harpoon gun , deftly screwing on the long wooden stock , the heavy steel barrel , and big shaft with the wick barb , the frame all rig with line . past he , on the deck , we can still see hooper . as quint be work with the gun , the radio suddenly squawk into life . radio voice ( v.o. ) amity Point Light Station to orca . this be amity Point Light Station , to orca ... quint snap the mouthpiece to he lip . quint orca here . radio voice ( v.o. ) I have Mrs. Martin brody here ... quint put she on . ellen' voice ... push this ? oh . it 's work . hello , Martin ? quint this be quint , missus . ellen' voice I just want to know if you be all right ... the Coast Guard let I use they radio . be Chief brody there ? quint he 's busy . ellen' voice well ... be everything all right ? quint just fine , missus . we will be back soon . everything 's fine . we have not see anything yet . orca out . he snap off the radio , and , for good measure , pull the plug from the power source . angle from deck the big shark be slice through the water just below the surface , its fin high , the big gray back glisten , the tooth gleam . angle - including foredeck hooper ( on deck ) damn it ! I need something in the foreground to give it some scale . Martin ! stand here ! no , to you leave ! he be positioning Martin frantically , try to include brody , the shark , and the orca in the same frame . quint finish with the gun , and as a final gesture , snap a explosive cartridge into the breech . he empty the box of cartridge onto the table , snatch up a big handful , and drop they into a pocket , and head out on deck , bound for the bow pulpit . on deck quint appear with the harpoon gun . he throw one end of the line to hooper . quint here . rig this to the forward keg up there . he indicate the barrel on the foredeck . quint ( to brody ) get up there and steer she . follow my hand , and hold 'er steady . I have get to get a clean shot at that porker 's head . quint move up toward the bow , brody go up to the fly bridge to take the wheel , hooper start for the foredeck , but stop to rummage in he kit , throw gear around as he desperately hunt for something . quint hurry up , rig the line ! angle on hooper he find what he 's look for . a small , powerful strobe unit , waterproofe , a miniature signal beacon . he triggers it , and it begin to pulse with a light we can see even in the sun . hooper scamper to the foredeck and begin to rig the light to the first barrel , as the shark begin to surface near the bow . quint ( to brody ) come to port . watch my hand . steady now ... he guide brody with hand signal . brody try urgently to get it right , not to oversteer , to try to hold the big boat with its throbbing diesel on the course that quint be indicate . quint the line , man , the line ! hooper be rigging like crazy . from the flying bridge brody steering f.g. , hooper on the foredeck with the barrel , quint lean out over the pulpit , the gun at the ready , the shark crossing inexorably in front of they . close on quint agonize over he shot as the shark approach , glance back to see if the line be properly rig and hooper be clear of it . quint get clear , damn you ! the shark be in position , hooper shout , a moment too late . hooper clear ! quint fire . the harpoon slam into the shark behind he head , half - way along the back in front of the big dorsal fin . quint Jesus H. Christ on a crutch ! insert - coiled rope and barrel the rope snap out in a blur of violent motion , hooper jump back , and the barrel leap out of its rack , pull by the line rig to the harpoon . it bound forward and into the sea , past quint , who be already reloading , mount another steel shaft . in the distance , the barrel bob and skip violently in the water , drag by the shark in he merciless move . the foredeck - quint quint now you have do it , you piss -ant . stop and rig a goddam tinker toy to my gear . let the bastard fight the keg for a while . he can not stay down with that on . hooper , furious with himself , run for the fly bridge to take the helm from brody . the flying bridge , brody and hooper hooper have snatch the wheel , and be ramming the throttle forward as he spin the wheel in a frantic 180 degree turn . hooper ( to quint ) rig another keg ! I be bring she around ! his eye dart about the ocean , look for the barrel , as he hot -dog the ship around in a violent expression of he own disgust with himself . hooper ( to himself ) God damn it ! we have he ! ( to quint ) I be come about ! he spin the wheel again , try to make the big boat handle like a formula speedster . the deck tip and the rigging sway under the sudden strain . brody be catch unaware , and tumble off he foot , slide across the deck to fetch up against a wall . the M1 rifle be close to he hand . he stare at it . from the flying bridge hooper be anguish , intense , try to find the shark , spin the wheel , compound he error , tipping the boat in roll turn as he cross he own wake . quint have turn he back to the sea , and be in the pulpit look up at hooper , stare at he , exclude everything else . as quint fold he arm and stare at hooper , we realize the sun be go down , and it 's get dark . brody why do not we go in ? get another crack at he tomorrow . quint we get a barrel on he . we can not lose he . we stay out here until we find he . hooper throttles back , and the roar of the diesel subside and the boat resume a even keel , slowly circle the ocean . brody let 's call in -- we can radio and have a big boat here in a hour ... quint ( grim ) you hire I , remember ? it 's my $ 10,000 . it 's my shark ... ext . orca - OPEN sea - night throttle back to slow ahead , the boat circle the water endlessly , stay over the shark like a avenge angel . its run light gleam in the night , and a glow light the interior of the pilot house . a bright strobe glint on the water winking once like a firefly . int . pilot house - night brody and hooper at the table , quint at the wheel , keep he eye on the light . quint he 's up again . he correct course slightly to keep the barrel buoy in sight . hooper be sit at the table , morose . brody be stare at a couple of open can of bean or beef stew , or some other crappy ration quint have on board . dirty spoon stick in the open can show we this have not be a formal dinner . quint fumble on the chart shelf and produce some of he home brew . he take a pull , and hand it to hooper , who take a double . brody touch the fresh abrasion on he forehead , where the fishing rod catch he . quint bend forward and pull he hair aside to show something near the crown . quint that 's not so bad . look at this : ... St. paddy 's Day in knocko nolan , in Boston , where some sunovabitch winge I upside the head with a spittoon . brody look politely . hooper stir himself . hooper look here . ( extend a forearm ) Steve Kaplan bit I during recess . quint be amused . he present he own formidable forearm . quint Wire burn . try to stop a backstay from take my head off . hooper ( roll up a sleeve ) moray eel . bit right through a wet suit . brody be fascinate . quint and hooper take a long pull from the bottle . quint face and head scar come from amateur amusement in the bar room . this love line here ... ( he bend a ear forward ) ... that 's from some crazy frenchie come after I with a knife . I catch he with a good right hand right in the snot locker and laid he amongst the sweetpea . hooper ever see one like this ? he haul up he pants leg , revealing a wick white scar . hooper bull shark scrape I while I be take sample ... quint nothing ! a pleasure scar . look here -- he start roll up he own dirty pants leg . quint slam with a thresher 's tail . look just like somebody caress I with a nutmeg grater ... brody be draw into they boast comparison . he secretly check he own appendix scar , decide not to enter the contest . hooper I will drink to you leg . quint and I will drink to yours . they toast each other . brody look around , see the strobe blink once through the darken window . quint wait a minute , young fella . look. just look . do not touch ... he start lowering he pants to reveal a place on one hip where the tissue be scar and irregular . quint ... mako . fell out of the tail rope and onto the deck . you do not get bitten by one of that bastard but twice -- you first and you last . hooper ( considerably drunker ) I think I can top that , mister ... hooper be pull at he shirt , try to get it off , but it 's tangling its sleeve , and will not come undone . hooper gimme a hand , here . I get something to show you -- brody lend a hand . the shirt slip part way off . hooper ( indicate he chest ) there . right there . Mary ellen moffit break my heart . let 's drink to Mary ellen . the two man raise they mug in a toast . quint and here 's to the lady . and here 's to they sister ; I would rather one miss than a shipload of mister . he drink , hooper follow . quint ( show belly ) look a ' that -- bayonet iwo jima . brody ( aside ) c'mon . Middle appendix -- quint ( aside ) I almost have ' im . brody be look at a small white patch on quint 's other forearm . brody ( point ) what 's that one , there ? quint ( change ) tattoo . have it take off . hooper do not tell I -- ' death before dishonor . ' ' mother . ' ' semper fi. ' uhhh ... ' do not tread on me. ' c'mon -- what ? quint ' u.s.s Indianapolis . ' 1944 . brody what 's that , a ship ? hooper ( incredulous ) you be on the Indianapolis ? in ' 45 ? Jesus ... quint remember . close on quint quint yeah . the u.s.s. Indianapolis . June 29th , 1945 , three and a half minute past midnight , two torpedoe from a japanese submarine slam into we side . two or three . we be still under seal order after deliverin' the bomb ... the Hiroshima bomb ... we be goin ' back across the Pacific from tinian to leyte . damn near eleven hundred man go over the side . the life boat be lash down so tight to make the bomb run we could not cut a single one adrift . not one . and there be no raft . none . that vessel sink in twelve minute . yes , that 's all she take . we do not see the first shark till we would be in the water about a hour . a thirteen - footer near enough . a blue . you measure that by judgin' the dorsal to the tail . what we do not know ... of course the Captain know ... I guess some officer know ... be the bomb mission have be so secret , no distress signal be send . what the man do not know be that they would not even list we as overdue for a week . well , I do not know that -- I be not a officer -- just as well perhaps . so some of we be dead already -- in the water -- just hangin ' limp in we lifejacket . and several already bleedin' . and the three hundred or so lay on the bottom of the ocean . as the light go , the shark come crusin ' . we form tight group -- somewhat like square in a old battle -- you know what I mean -- so that when one come close , the man nearest would yell and shout and pound the water and sometimes it work and the fish turn away , but other time that shark would seem to look right at a man -- right into he eye -- and in spite of all shoutin ' and poundin ' you would hear that terrible high screamin ' and the ocean would go red , then churn up as they rip he . then we would reform we little square . by the first dawn the shark have take more than a hundred . hard for I to count but more than a hundred . I do not know how many shark . maybe a thousand . I do know they average six man a hour . all kind -- blue , makos , tiger . all kind . ( pause ) in the middle of the second day , some of we start to go crazy from the thirst . one fella cry out he see a river , another claim he see a waterfall , some start to drink the ocean and choke on it , and some leave we little group -- we little square -- and swim off alone lookin ' for island and the shark always take they right away . it be mainly the young fella that do that -- the older one stay where they be . that second day -- my life jacket rubbed I raw and that be more blood in the water . oh my . on Thursday morning I bump up against a friend of mine -- herbie Robinson from Cleveland -- a bosun 's mate -- it seem he be asleep but when I reach over to waken he , he bobbe in the water and I see he body upend because he would be bitten in half beneath the waist . well Chief , so it go on -- bomber high overhead but nobody noticin ' we . yes -- suicide , shark , and all this goin ' crazy and dyin ' of thirst . noon the fifth day , Mr. hooper , a lockheed ventura swing around and come in low . yes . he do that . yes , that pilot see we . and early evenin ' , a big fat pby come down out of the sky and begin the pickup . that be when I be most frighten of all -- while I be waitin ' for my turn . just two and a half hour short of five day and five night when they get to I and take I up . eleven hundred of we go into that ocean -- three hundred and sixteen get out . yeah . nineteen hundred and forty five . June the 29th . ( pause ) anyway , we deliver the bomb . ext . ocean - night quint have just finish he story , and we be look across the quiet night sea to the orca slowly circle in the night , the warm light in the pilot house barely revealing the figure of the three man inside , the red and green run light winking along the ship 's flank . we hear the distant boom and draw - out hoot of a whale . int . orca pilot house - night brody what the hell ? hooper it 's a whale out there . there 's a brief , eerie pause . quint break the silence by mutter into song , which he slowly swell . quint ( sing ) show I the way to go home ... I be tired and I want to go to bed . I have a little drink about a hour ago , and it go right to my head . ( etc . ) gradually , hooper and brody join in , and the pilothouse become a warm cozy place . ext . ocean the orca and its song in the night . in the foreground , the barrel and strobe light flash up into view , and behind they , the big dorsal fin surface , and glide ominously towards the ship . int . pilot house the song be continue , and we hear the barest hint of a scraping sound from the hull deep beneath the man . quint 's eye abruptly narrow as he sensitive ear be the first to hear the abrasion of he ship . thing vibrate on the shelf . quint stop sing , hooper and brody continue a duet . the scraping repeat , and hooper now sense it . he drop out of the song , leave brody sing solo . quint ( quietly , to hooper ) start the engine . as brody hear this and be about to stop sing , the boat be suddenly bump from below , and the gentle scraping turn to a violent assault somewhere on the understructure of the vessel . Water bubbles up into the hold . brody start , and look at the radio . he be about to move towards it when quint 's urgent instruction stop he . quint he 's busting the shaft ! start the pump ! brody where ...? quint the bilge pump . there -- he leave brody in the pilot house , and run onto the deck , grab he m - 1 rifle as he go . brody hit a switch and we hear the pump start . angle on the orca hooper be on the flybridge , start the engine , but the diesel sound wrong . quint cut the engine ! hooper do . hooper rudder bearing ? the boat be assault again . quint fire over the stern , empty a clip into the water . quint ( to brody ) get up forward ! watch for he ! brody move cautiously up to the bow . quint keep you eye open , Mr. hooper ! hooper stand ready on the bridge , quint pace the stern deck . quint nobody sleep ! nobody . he jam a fresh clip into the m - 1 . the man scan the seas around they . quint resume they song , louder this time , more defiant . quint ( sing ) show I the way to go home ... I be tired and I want to go to bed . ( etc . ) hooper and brody join in from they respective position . ext . ocean , wide on the orca the man in place , sing , the water sparkling towards the horizon , the star twinkle above . the sound of a distant whale in distant counterpoint . ext . the orca - dawn brody be at the wheel on the fly bridge , while hooper and quint have a hatch up on the stern , and be work together to repair the damage rudder control tear loose by the shark . hooper be buck the steel rod , while quint be hammer away at the joint , try to drive a new pin . the engine be idling . bit of iron clutter the deck , along with a few rough , outsize tool and greasy rag and gasket . quint more leave rudder ! more ! Left hand down now , Chief . brody try to comply . hooper ( shifting he grip ) lemme get a better angle on it . now . quint hammer again . quint he 's bent the housing . you can hear it . and we can . the orca 's diesel be no longer smooth . brody suddenly see something , and point . brody's point of view - the water the barrel be surface directly ahead of they , just off the port side . they be drift up to it . brody the barrel ! the strobe light wink at they . quint hold up a hand : " quiet ! " everything stop as they watch the barrel come slowly up on they . quint it 's he . he take a kill lance from the rack . hooper get a boathook . quint he 's under the keg . careful -- hooper lean out gingerly , snagging the barrel with the hook . it bob lightly in the water , a innocent bystander . hooper shift he pole , take hold of the rope , pole it in . quint ( suspicious ) easy -- just want to goose he up . the minute he run , drop it or you will lose you hand . hooper get the line and start haul it up . no resistance . it come easily over the transom into a coil on the deck . he and quint exchange look . quint here -- gimme . I do not see what he 's be doin ' . water - angle both man be drape over the side , they chin almost touch the water on the aft side . from the opposite starboard direction , fully unfasten from the barrel , come the great White . first the fin , then the conical nose and the upper border of wide , grin tooth . it knife through the water in absolute silence , propelling itself with tremendous speed toward the unsuspecting man . close - brody his instinct shine -- as do he newly - acquire sense of direction . brody ( top of he lung ) shark ! starboard ! close - hooper and quint they turn just in time , and a long spine - stretch save they from instant decapitation . the great White pass the transom , the harpoon still in its side and trail five foot of chew - off cable . it roll on its side and look at they as it pass . past the stern the huge tail lash out , rip the rope out of quint 's hand , shearing a huge swath through the paint , peel it off like a plane , take one of the bronze letter out of " orca . " the shark begin a arc to sea , its fin cut the water , and start circle the boat . quint notice he cut hand , palm bleed , realize how close he come to lose it . quint ( to hooper ) haul in that rope -- it will foul we ! ( then to brody on the bridge ) start the engine ! the diesel start with a terrible grind . quint easy ! it will tear right out ! hooper ( haul ) the shaft be give . hooper slam the hatch , kick the tool to one side , clear the deck for action once again . brody ( on bridge ) that 's it ! Radio in for help ! quint shut up ! just pump she out ! brody ( come down off the bridge ) yeah , Captain , as soon as I make a call . brody head for the radio in the pilot house . quint - close a perfectly terrible look come over he . he raise up and start after brody . brody disappear into the cabin . quint pause outside and see : insert - quint' lead - centered baseball bat he callouse hand grab it up fiercely . int . radio shack brody pick up the radio , flick on knob and light on the complex console . quint ( o.s. ) beg you pardon -- angle - doorway quint appear , silhouett in the hot light of the door , raise he bat . quint duty first and pleasure after -- close - brody look up in horror , cover he face . close - quint quint bring down the bat with all the strength he can summon . crash ! spark fly , light blink and go out , plastic and section of metal ricochet all over the cabin as quint demolish the ship - to- shore radio . quint take a happy breath , wink at brody and hand he the bat . quint Excuse I ! brody 's adrenaline turn he fear into rage . his glass be crack or break by fly piece of radio . he seize the bat , and pound the shattered radio for emphasis . brody some great idea ! now where be we ? some goddamn skipper you be . you be certifiable , y'know that ? you be a real treat ! certifiable ! bananas ! his tirade be interrupt by a urgent bellow from hooper . close - hooper point at the fin . hooper come right to we ! quint no -- comin ' right at we ! slow ahead , he will hit we head on -- ( the engine clank ) slower ! throttle back --- angle - over the bow quint ( raise harpoon ) hard to port ! hooper pull the boat into a tight turn and quint have a shot at the upward roll flank . he sink it with careful precision . quint try shakin ' that out ! brody emerge from the cabin as the rope zip overboard , and the barrel , change over , catapult into the air before plunging into the ocean in a cloudy splash . brody ( shouting to quint ) do you get he in the head ? quint ( to brody ) no! no! no! ( to hooper ) swing around ! after he ! on the flybridge hooper can see the fin racing ahead of the barrel . dive down . up again -- quint prepare another iron . brody be digging in he bag . he come up with he 2 " .357 service revolver . quint more gas ... go to half ! get I right alongside he -- the engine thud and knock . hooper ( shouting down ) we can not rev it up this high -- suddenly the barrel gong into the side of the orca . quint watch it ! hooper skillfully avoid the speed rope . quint Atta boy ! quint lean to one side , harpoon over he head . the great White break water and ... quint take two , they be small ! he sink it deep . we hear shot . as the new rope whip out , brody can be see stand on the gunwale , in regulation police combat pistol stance , hold he .357 in both hand , fire at the shark 's head . quint shake he head in amused disbelief at this , as the barrel go over . hooper ( shouting at brody ) do not shoot he any more ! he 's crazy on he own blood already ! brody I can not stand here do nothing ! quint order in the court ! water level angle he have see the two barrel pop to the surface . quint ( racing over ) Three will do it ! he 's havin ' trouble with two ! he yell to hooper and brody as he swing behind the control . quint grab yourselves a couple of pole ! quint steer " slow ahead , " engine protest , as he maneuver toward the move barrel . quint peer down , steering closer and closer . quint get ready ! now snag them ! together brody and hooper hook a barrel - rope and hold on for dear life as the shark change course . quint pull in the rope and tie them onto the transom -- free ride . brody and hooper pull in with all they be worth as quint help out by wheeling in a circle . he laugh to himself , enjoy the spectacle . close - hooper secure the rope to a cleat but allow the barrel to hang overboard . brody tie he now - perfect bowline adjacent cleat . wide angle - orca the boat be jarre violently from side to side as the underwater force of the great White jerk and heave they to and for , up and down , side to side ... angle - hooper and brody be both tear off they foot as the boat be thrust forward . flybridge - quint see the fin ahead . it be pull the boat . quint get tired ! that 's the idea ! here 's a little reverse for you ! the shark leap partially out of the water , and the sight be both horrifying and awesome . its jaw break water , snap at the rope that have he snarl and frustrated . quint throw the orca into neutral and shout down : quint haul in -- watch the prop ! with that , quint slide down to the prow , put another shaft onto he gun , find satisfaction in its heft and balance . the shark can be see directly ahead , thresh closer . quint now ! untie them ! Quick ! he will tear we to piece . he fire the iron , and the shark veer downward in a gush shower of spray . hooper and brody they be try to untie from the cleat , but both rope be stretch too taut . they jump out of the way , fall flat on the deck as the rope sweep over they , knock over object , skeeter across the deck . a tight jerk motion , and the orca be drag through the water -- backwards . and much too fast . Water be splash up over the transom in its backward wake . the engine groan and complain . quint damn head be too far away . he 's too big . wrenched to one side , quint be knock from he foot . close - the two cleat a moment of slackness , and then a great surge of raw strength . the rope snap the cleat off , screw and splinter wood spraying -- and the barrel fly over the water . they disappear beneath the turbulent grey surface . the three man , breathe heavily , bruise and pour sweat , look out at the blank water . angle - ocean pop -- pop -- pop . one , two , three , the barrel surface -- ready for more . quint ( amaze at the shark 's strength ) he can not go so deep . not with all that on he . brody look down at he foot . there be salt water up to they shoe top . brody what about we ? quint ( mentally assess the damage ) have to pump she steady , s'all . the barrel start a wide circle , each cut through the water , push a wave before it and leave a wake behind . quint ( to hooper ) follow he -- ( to brody ) you start pumpin ' out here . quint toss brody the hand pump , then pick up he m - 1 , and check the load . hooper ( o.s. ) ( on bridge ) he 's head under -- ! quint ( incredulously ) no way ! he can not ! angle - ocean the barrel approach the orca dip below the surface , one -- two -- three . brody where would he go ? brody look around . hooper on the fly bridge search in all direction . quint be look more appal every second . quint ( helplessly ) he can not stay down with three barrel on he ! where be he ?! brody have you ever have one do this ? quint ( and he mean this ) no ! boom thud at the keel . brody slide on the wet deck and quint lose he foot , fall into brody 's arm . with hooper on the fly bridge it seem the only place out of reach of the shark . quint climb up , brody follow he , reloading he pistol . just then , the barrel pop up ahead , veer leave , and duck under . quint follow he ! hooper he 's under ! brody and he point of view brody there ! ( point wildly ) the barrel have surface and we see the monster shadow slide under the orca , seemingly endless . violent scraping sound . brody he 's try to sink we ! quint ( to hooper ) Dead astern ! Zig-zag ! quint be grimly silent . brody sense that quint be in the fight of ( and for ) he life . the orca take evasive action . but the three barrel be close the gap , the engine cough and miss , destroy themselves with every rotation of the damage shaft . brody he 's chase we ! I do not believe it . quint full throttle ! to port ! angle on the bridge hooper be jam the throttle forward , but the engine be pound and knock wildly . the barrel circle and move in . quint have he rifle ready . hooper ( suddenly give quint the wheel ) hold she . he leap to he gear , try desperately to get he dart gun . just then , the shark attack , break water and rise over the boat like a rocket ; snout , jaw , pectoral fin , belly , fall sideways . a vast spray drench the man . quint fire into the belly , the bullet pock the smooth whiteness . hooper ( load ) keep he there ! keep he ! the orca shudder from side to side . from hooper 's point of view we can the shark grip the transom in he jaw , shaking the boat as he saw he massive head from side to side , try to tear a chunk out of the very hull . quint have reload and be fire into the fish . brody have a wick point gaff , and be swinging wildly at the snout , gash and gouging it , try for the eye . the kill lust be on all three man . quint throttle back ! the boat surge , the shark give a final unbalance wrench , and disengage . the dorsal fin circle off , beginning a wide loop around the boat . the engine quiver and die , the boat without power , roll half awash , a wounded victim . the fin dip , the barrel follow , the shark disappear beneath the wave . there be complete silence . the three men on deck in the dead quiet , we can hear the lap of wave against the hull , the hoarse panting breathe of the man , the ping and pop of the cool , die engine . quint and the transom he eye the stern . huge crack and break timber testify to the fury of the attack . quint ( very quietly , to hooper ) what can that gun of yours do ? hooper power head with 20 ccs of strychnine nitrate . if I can hit he . I can kill he . but I gotta be close . very close . brody ( the awful realization ) you gotta go in the water ... CUT to : on deck , later quint and hooper be assemble the shark cage , its shiny bar the only undamage thing on deck . brody be work too , bolt the section together . hooper ( in command now ) rig the cable to the roof eyebolt . the man be speak in near whisper , quiet in the silence that surround they . hooper be in he wet suit , adjust weight , mask , tank , etc . the cage be stand in the stern . quint run a line from the gin pole to the roof section . hooper climb in though the top . hooper take I up . brody crank the winch , hoist cage and hooper into the air . quint balance the gin pole line , hooper crouching in the cage , examine it for stress ; satisfied , he hold out he hand . quint put the spear gun into it . close on hooper in the cage he examine he weapon , check the power load , with the big wick - look syringe head uncapped to reveal its razor point . hooper lower away , Chief . ( then , to quint ) try and keep he off I till I be under . hooper inside , look out the bar of the cage , give brody a reassure smile , then pop he mouthpiece between he tooth and check he regulator . brody step back , and with quint guide the cage , begin lowering it off the gin pole boom arm into the sea alongside the boat . brody and hooper stare at each another as they face pass , hooper slide down into the cold grey ocean . as hooper disappear beneath the surface , quint and brody exchange a long look between they . underwater - cage hooper' point of view submerge . the sky , horizon , water line , clean fresh sea air then ... the magnificent innerspace , with bubbles sparkling in front of we . angle - hooper in the cage as he float to twenty foot hooper never stop look around 360 degree . he remove the rubber guard from the needle and wait . ext . the surface - brody and quint they turn head tell we that the barrel be still circle . suddenly , both head stop turn . the sea the barrel have come to a stop . delicately , they change course and meander toward the lower cage . underwater - hooper his back be to we . he be just now complete a visual sweep and turn , eye front into closeup and : fix wildly on something monstrous ... and fascinating . hooper' point of view the water be clear and shaft of sunlight streak downward in the blue . from the deep gloom -- diving slowly , smoothly -- come the shark . it move with no apparent effort , sinuous beyond comparison . as it near the cage , it turn , and its ghastly length pass right in front of he : first the snout , then the jaw , slack and smile , then the black eye . hooper tentatively reach out . it be too far for the strychnine pole . the vinyl flesh be pock with bullet hole , iron scar , gaff hook and strange open wound that tinge the pass current with pink . surface the trail barrel go and scratch the keel of the orca above . brody and quint leap back . hooper - close the shark have vanish into a cloud of rise silt . hooper , expect the shark to attack out of that same general direction , brace himself , pole extend through the bar , breathe faster , strain he eye into the gloom and ... we see that the shark attack from behind he . the cage be send careen . hooper grab the bar for dear life . the shark have grab the steel strut in its brutal jaw , shaking the cage relentlessly from side to side , bend the bar like clothes hanger . hooper can not turn the point end of the pole around , he body jamme as far away from the non-rational attacker as possible . hooper be trap . the shark withdraw to get some run room then charge again . the bleed snout thrust deeper into the yaw bar , the jaw snap and twist , two foot from hooper 's torso , the tail thrust it forward . hooper drop the strychnine pole between the bar and it tumble slowly toward rapture depth . all the shark need be one more good thrust before separate hooper at the waistline . through frantic bubbles hooper fumble with the overhead hatch cover , kick up and out of the cage . the shark backpedal with its tail , but the broad head will not shake loose . hooper rush downward , after the strychnine pole . angle - shark the shark twist free of the cage and arrow downward after hooper . hooper nearly recover the pole . again it slip from he frighten grasp and this time disappear into a narrow abyss . hooper turn and look up . the great White be lung at he , twenty foot above . surface one of the barrel rope snake around the cage rope and pull taut . hooper - deep turn to meet the monster which -- though hold back for a moment by the snarl rope -- now surge forward . surface - brody and quint the orca be list dangerously aft , the ginpole bent almost to the break point . brody be in a frenzy try to haul up the cage . quint attaches the end of brody 's rope to a hand - winch . the ginpole be split . quint let go of it ! the pole give way , the rope whipping down on the gunwale ... the pull of the tonnage below be tipping the orca , drag it , but quint will not give up the winch . brody haul on the rope barehand . underwater - hooper maneuver downward , away from the jaw ... suddenly the craze shark veer upward for the surface . surface - quint the winch be work faster now , quint demonically wind it in . the crush cage bang against the hull then break water . brody be horrify . the cage be empty ! quint ( a horrible scream ) he 's comin ' up -- ! brody he 's take he ! master angle the shark break water right beside the orca , rise with a great whoosh noise . it rise vertically , tower overhead , block out the sun . the pectoral fin seem to reach forward . the shark , in all of its monstrous glory , fall onto the stern of the boat with a shatter crash , narrowly miss quint and brody . it drive the stern underwater , the ocean pour in over the transom . the jaw snap from side to side . brody flounder backwards away from it . close - brody he be cling to the mast for dear life , as the ship begin to tilt to stern , and everything start to break loose around he . nightmare angle - deck of the orca the giant jaw be snap irresistibly at everything : great chunks of wood tear out of the deck and superstructure . deck chair , iron , rope , gear , beercan , bottle , brody 's bag , all be food for the insatiable maw blindly churn away . quint be cling next to a rack of lance : he be enraged at this ultimate violation of he territory . he snatch up a lance and hurl himself at the shark with a wordless bellow . the great head weave side to side , the deck be at a treacherous incline , slippery with blood and seawater . quint 's foot falter and slip , he stumble at the mouth of Hell , the big tooth seize he and snap . quint 's roar of rage and pain be choke off as he body be clamp between the grind , saw tooth , and he head and leg suddenly contort as the shark 's tooth meet across he torso . blood gush onto the deck . the remnant of he body tumble from the shark 's mouth . brody see the horror , hear the scream -- in he desperation , he tear loose one of hooper 's remain air tank , and hurl it at the monster . it tumble into the bloody well , wedge across the back of the mouth , the thick steel block the cruel jaw . the shark 's head shake even more violently , try to clear the cold iron , but the tank be in to stay . deck of the orca , listing badly to avoid slide into the jaw , brody scramble on the titling deck , brace himself in the cabin door to avoid pitching down into the bloody mouth . he fight he way into the cabin , already a shamble . below he , on the deck , the shark lunge again , shifting weight so that the boat in now stern down , and list to the side . Water from the sea pour into the cabin . another lunge by the shark . the huge snout and jaw slam up against the doorframe , block escape , bloody , gnash . more seawater . to stay in the cabin be to go down with the ship . brody clamber as far from the shark as he can , against the forward wall of the pilothouse . he see the window hooper use before . it 's block by barrel and debris . he break the side window high above the water , edge out onto the batter bridge . the shark roll around , now half in the water . the ship be sink , the sea be not a viable alternative . brody climb up into the fly bridge . the shark be still lung and snap . brody be force to climb higher and higher as the ship slowly sink beneath he . close - brody he scramble for he life onto the fly bridge , see the m - 1 stick there , seize it . over brody , looking down at the stern he be brace himself , aim the rifle , take a bead on the steel tank , silver gleam in the bloody shark 's mouth . he fire . and fire . bullet shatter the shark 's tooth , punch hole in the drip snout . wide on the orca '' explosion with a muffle boom , the perfect symmetry of the shark be suddenly blow apart in a geyser of steel and blood as brody 's shot hit the pressurize tank . a 30 - foot cloud of water , steel , shark and debris cover the sky . a gigantic convulsion hurl the great White 's mangle body into the sea . the orca slowly begin to turn over in its death roll . underwater the shark 's carcass float down in a cloud of blood and debris . a shadow cloud the water , and the orca 's mass begin to slip into the frame . close - hooper emerging from beneath the surface , he raise he mask , spit out he mouthpiece and kick toward brody . surface - brody and hooper brody be hold onto a cushion , barely afloat , relieved the shark be dead , yet stunne to see hooper be still alive . the two man share weak laughter , which soon trail off . hooper quint ...? brody no ... ( notice something o.s. ) you think we can get back with that ? surface - brody and hooper - another angle they swim through the debris , use two barrel as float , as dozen of seagull feast on shark remain on the surface . brody what day be this ? hooper Wednesday ... no , it 's Tuesday , I think . brody think the tide 's with we ? hooper just keep kick . brody y'know , I use to hate the water ... hooper I can not imagine why . dissolve to : high shot from shore the two tiny , miserable heroes swim ashore as the credit roll . fade out : the end