jay and silent bob strike back screenplay by Kevin Smith over black we see : chyron a long time ago , in front of a convenience store far , far away -- ext . quick stop year ago --day we fade in on the block of store ( Quick stop / rst ) , from sometime ago , in fact , rst be not rst ; it 's the record rack -- a 45 's store with head shop paraphernalia in the window . a white - trash mother ( maybe seventeen ) wear a baseball cap come into frame carry a chubby baby . the baby wear a oversize t-shirt under what look like a little bathrobe , and messily eat a chocolate bar . there be food stamp in the mother 's hand . mother Bobby - Boy stay here while mommy pick up the free cheese , ' kay ? she look up at the bright sun , shield she eye slightly , then look back at the baby on the ground . she take off she baseball cap and place it on the baby . mother this will keep the sun out of you eye . you be good now . she walk away , leave the baby sit against the wall . with the backwards baseball cap and the chocolate around he mouth form something that resemble a beard , the kid look kind of familiar . then , another mother ( also very young ) deck out in a kiss concert shirt from year go by and huge , feathered hair enter , with a black skullcap wear baby sling at she hip . she see the first baby , sit against the wall and set she baby down beside he . mother do not fuck move , you little shit - machine . mommy 's gonna try to score . a passerby enter , head toward the convenience store . he take note of the Babies and the mother head into the record store , and then stop and address she , disgust . passerby Excuse I -- who 's watch this baby ? mother the fat one 's watch the little one . passerby oh , nice parent . ( walk away ) leave them out here like that and see what happen . the passerby walk away . the mother flip he the bird . mother fuck you , you fucking square ! passerby ( wave she off ) ah , keep on truckin' . mother ( to baby ) D ' jou hear the crazy fuck tellin ' I how to fuckin ' raise you ? motherfucker , man ! who 's he fuck think he be ? what 's the worse fuckin ' thing could happen to you sit outside the fuckin ' store ? fuck ! the door close , and the Babies sit there quietly for a beat . then , they look at each other . the larger one say nothing . the smaller one say -- baby fuck , fuck , fuck ... dissolve to : the present jay and silent bob stand where the Babies sit . the record Rack be now rst video . jay be mid-chant . jay ( as a chant ) -- fuck , fuck , fuck , mother - mother fuck , mother - mother fuck - fuck ! mother - fuck - , mother - fuck , mother - fuck , noinch , noinch , noinch , smoking weed , smoking weed , do coke , drink beer ! drink beer , beer , beer , roll fatty , smoking blunt ! who smoke the blunt ? we smoke the blunt ! a pair of teens approach they . teen 1 lemme get a nickel bag . jay Fifteen buck , little man . put the money in my hand . if the money do not show , then you owe - me-owe - I - owe . ( change up to Morris Day ) my jungle Love ! yes , oh-we-oh-we -oh ! I think I want to know ya ' , know ya ' -- teen 1 ( digging in pocket ) what the hell be you sing ? jay you do not know " jungle Love " ? that shit be the mad note . written by God herself and hand down to the world 's great band -- the motherfuck time . teen 2 the guy in that Prince movie ? teen 1 purple rain . teen 2 man , that shit be so gay -- fuck eighty style . jay suddenly grab the kid by the throat , throw he against the wall . jay bitch , do not you never say a unkind word about the time ! I and Silent Bob model we whole fuck life after Morris Day and Jerome ! I be a smooth pimp who love the pussy , and tubby here 's my black manservant ! just then , randal exit the video store , lock the door behind he . randal what would I tell you two about deal in front of the store ? Drop the kid and pedal you ware someplace else , burn -boy . ( walk away ) and for the record , the time suck ass . he exit . jay , Silent Bob , and the teens watch he go . after a beat -- jay yo-youse guy wanna hear something fuck up about he and the Quick stop guy ? int . quick stop -day randal join Dante behind the counter . Dante ring up a customer , a half - eat submarine sandwich sit on the counter . randal grab it , take a bite , and start read a newspaper . randal hey , can not we do something about that two stoner hang around outside all the time ? dante why ? what would they do now ? randal I be try to watch clash of the titan , and all I can hear be the two they scream about Morris Day at the top of they lung . dante I think the fat one do not really talk much . randal what , be I produce a a&amp ;e biography about them ? I be just say they should not be loitering around the store like they do . dante neither should you , but we let you stay . randal see , man - - if you be funnier than that , ABC never would have cancel we . dante what ? randal nothing . enter Teen 1 and Teen 2 , chuckle . teen 1 two pack of wrap . ( beat ) yo -- how be the service ? randal what service ? teen 2 the one at the unitarian church where you two get marry to each other last week . randal what the hell be you talk about ? teen 1 jay say you have a Star - Wars - - theme wedding and you guy tie the knot dress like storm trooper . teen 2 yeah . and he say you be the bitch and you be the butch . oh , sorry -- the leia and the luke . dante I be the bitch ?! randal well if we be gay , that 's how I would see it . dante would you shut up ?! teen 1 ( to teen 2 ) Holy shit , dude . the honeymoon 's over . dante we be not marry to each other . teen 1 well , sure . not in the eye of the state or any real church , skywalker . randal ( head for the phone ) that do it . I be gonna do something about that two . I shoulda do a long time ago teen 2 in a galaxy far , far away ! teen 1 ( exite ) May the foreskin be with you . Hand jabba the Hutt . randal ( into phone ) yeah , I want to report a couple of drug dealer out in front of the Quick stop . ext . quick stop --day jay and Silent Bob be throw against the wall outside by a cop , who frisk they . jay what the fuck , serpico ? what would we do ? cop we get a report that two guy be hang around outside the store , sell pot ? jay we do not smoke pot , yo . Teen 1 enter and hand jay roll papers . teen 1 here be the roll papers you want for you pot . and you change . thanks . ( get in jay 's face ) and the time suck ass ! Teen 1 race off . jay and Bob move to follow , but the cop stop they , grab the roll papers out of jay 's hand . he eyeball the pair . cop no pot , hunh ? what do you need this for ? jay what ? I get a wiping problem . I stick this little piece of paper over my brown -eye , and bam -- no shit stain in my undy . ( unbuttone pants ) you do not believe I ? lemme show you . jay drop he pants and lean against the wall , look back over he shoulder . jay just spread my cheek a little and you can see the fuck stink nugget -- cop pull up you pants up sir , now ! jay bend down to pull up he pants and fart . Silent Bob crack up . the cop grab they both , lead they toward the car . cop let 's take a ride down to the station . jay what ? it 's suddenly a crime to fart , motherfucker ?! ext . brodie bruce's secret stash comic book store --day a establishing shot of brodie 's store in the heart of Red Bank . brodie ( o.s. ) no fuck way ! we go tight on the huge , cartoon sign of brodie outside to -- int . brodie bruce's secret stash comic book store --later brodie himself , hold a stack of comic in one hand and a Dixie cup in the other , jay and Silent Bob follow he as he put new book in the rack . brodie Dante and randal slap you with a restrain order ?! jay judge say if we go within a hundred foot of the store , we get throw into County . brodie so you gonna abide by the court 's ruling or you gonna go bandit -- reynold style ? jay fuck yeah ! you know what they make you do in county ? toss the fuck salad ! I do not like this fuck 's asshole ; I be gonna do it for some stranger ? brodie I guess if you really want to hang out in from of a convenience store , you could just buy you own now -- what with all that money you guy make . jay Hell yeah , bitch . ( beat ) wait a second -- what money ? brodie the money from the movie , dumb-ass . jay what the fuck be you babbling about ? brodie ( pull a bag - and - board issue down from the wall ) the bluntman and chronic movie . ( dawns on he ) oh my God -- do not tell I you have no idea there 's a movie be make of the comic you two be the basis for . jay what ?! since when ? brodie goddamit , man -- ( tap he wrist ) here 's the pulse , alright . and here 's you finger -- ( shove he hand down the back of he pants ) -- far from the pulse , jamme straight up you ass . ( extract hand and extend it to jay ) say -- would you like a chocolate cover pretzel ? brodie lead they back to the counter . brodie you see , kid , if you read wizard , you would know it 's the top story this month . check it out . brodie hand jay and Silent Bob a copy of wizard , open to the headline : snootchie bootchy ! bluntman and chronic get Big screen treatment ! there be picture of holden mcneil and banky edward , as well as drawing of bluntman and chronic . jay when the fuck do this happen ?! brodie well , after X - Men hit at the box office , all the studio start buy up every comic property they could get they hand on . miramax option bluntman and chronic . jay miramax ? I think they only make classy flick like the piano and the crying game ? brodie yeah , well once they make she 's all that , everything go to hell . so you be say you have not get a cut of the movie ? do not Holden mcneil and banky Edwards use to pay you likeness rights for the comic book ? jay we have not see a fuck dime for no movie ! brodie well boy , I be no lawyer , but I think Holden and banky owe you some of the proverbial phat cash . I mean they be make a movie base on character that be base on you and quiet Robert . jay it be not I and quiet Robert . it 's a pair of stupid-ass superhero that run around say " snitchy - nitchy " or something . brodie I believe it " snootchie boochy . " regardless -- you be get screw . if I be you guy , I would confront Holden mcneil and ask he for my movie check . jay shit yeah . we gotsa get pay . brodie and on that note , we cue the music . jay lay down a House bass beat . brodie complement it with he own beat . ext . potzer' inc --day jay and Silent Bob mosey past the front door of the building and knock . int . potzer' inc --day Holden mcneil , open the door and smile . holden well ! I have be wait year to do this . ( smile ) look at this morose motherfucker right here . smell like someone shit in they cereal . bunngg ! jay and Silent Bob enter . Holden close the door , follow they . jay what the fuck take you so long answer you damn door ? you try to talk another girlfriend of yours into some of that gay - ass three - way action with you buddy ? holden no , I be just shower you mother 's stink off I after I give she a quick jump and send she home . but now that you mention it -- ( to Bob ) thanks , you know . you could have make the moral of that story you tell I a bit more clear . Silent Bob shrug . holden so what bring you two dirt merchant to my neck of the wood ? jay oh , I will tell you what we neck be do in you wood -- Silent Bob hold up the wizard article . jay where 's we motherfuck movie check ? holden you hear about that too , hunh ? well , I have get nothing to do with it . that 's banky 's deal . he own the property now . I sign my half of the bluntman and chronic right over to he year ago . jay why the fuck would you do a thing like that ? holden because I be almost thirty , for God 's sake -- why on earth would I want to keep write about character whose central preoccupation be weed and dick and fart joke ? you gotta grow , man . do not you ever want more for yourself ? ( off Silent Bob ) I know this poor , hapless sonovabitch do . I look in he doe eye and I see a man cry out , " when , Lord ? when the fuck can you servant ditch this foul - mouth little chucklehead to whom I be a constant victim of he folly , and who bombard I and that around we with grade - a foolishness that prevent I from even get to kiss a girl ? fuck ! when ?! Silent Bob nod like he 's finally understand . jay look at he , hurt , and Bob try to downplay the comment 's truth . jay I be the chucklehead ? fuck you -- you be the dumb -ass who give away he comic , and now you be not get no fat movie check neither . holden when you be right , you be right . I wish I would break off a little piece for myself . because if the buzz be any indication , the movie 's gonna make some huge bank . jay what buzz ? holden the Internet buzz . jay what the fuck be the Internet ? int . office of potzer' inc --later Holden 's at a computer terminal . jay and Silent bob look over he shoulder . holden the Internet be a communication device that allow people the world over to bitch about movie and share pornography with one another . ( off monitor ) here 's what we be look for : " Movie poopshoot.com " jay ( to Bob ) " poopchute . " yeaaahhh . holden this be a site full of militant movie buff : sad bastard who live in they parent ' basement , downloading script and trading what they believe to be inside info about movie and actor they despise yet can not stop discuss . this be where you go if you wanna hear frustrated would - be filmmaker mouth off with they two - bit , arm -chair- director 's opinion on how they all could have make a better episode one . on the computer monitor , we see the site mainpage load up . Holden begin navigate the site . holden here . this be about the bluntman movie. ( read ) " Inside source tell I miramax be start production this Friday on they adaptation of underground comic fave bluntman and chronic . " jay Friday ?! shit. do it say who 's play we in the movie ? holden no , but if it 's miramax , I be sure it will be Ben affleck and Matt damon . they put them in a bunch of movie . jay who ? holden you know -- the guy from good will hunting . jay you mean the fuck movie with mork from ork in it ? holden yeah , I be not too big a fan either . though affleck be the bomb in phantom . jay Word , bitch . phantom like a motherfucker . Holden and jay slap hand . Holden point at the monitor again . holden now down here be where you can gauge the buzz . this be the shoot back area . it 's where people who read the news get to chime in with they two cent . here 's what a guy who go by the chick - magnet Net handle of " wampa - one " think about bluntman and chronic. ( read ) " bluntman and chronic and they stupid alter ego jay and Silent Bob only work in small dose , if at all . they do not deserve they own movie . " ( to jay ) he 's get a point . jay fuck he . what 's the next one say ? holden ( read ) " bluntman and chronic be the worst comic I ever read . jay and Silent Bob be stupid character . a couple of stoner who spout dumb -ass catchphrase like a third - rate cheech and Chong or Bill and ted. fuck jay and Silent Bob . fuck they up they stupid ass . " jay who the fuck say that shit ?! holden a guy who call himself " magnolia - fan . " check out what the guy after he say : " jay and Silent Bob be terrible , one - note joke that only stoner laugh at . they be fuck clown shoe . if they be real , I would beat the shit out of they for be so stupid . I can not believe miramax would have anything to so with this shit . I , for one , will be boycot this movie . who 's with I ? " ( lean back ) and then there be about fifty more post from people who agree to join spartacus -here 's boycott of the flick . jay ( grimly ) I be gonna kill all this fuck -- holden ah , let it go . number one , they be a bunch of jealous little dick who use the anonymity of the Net to insult people who be do what they wish they be do , and number two , they be not really talk about you guy -- they talk about bluntman and chronic . jay but they say jay and Silent Bob ! they use we real name . it do not matter that there 's a comic book version of we and a real version , ' cause nobody know we be real in real life . holden really . jay yeah ! and all this people who read that shit think the real jay and Silent Bob be a couple of faggot ' cause of that all this dick be write about the comic book jay and Silent Bob ! and maybe one night , I and lunchbox will be mack some bitch , and she will be like " oooo ! I want to suck youse guy dick off . what 's you name ? " and I will be like , " jay and Silent Bob . " and she will be like , " oh -- I read on the Internet that youse guy be little fuck jerkoff . " and then she go and suck two other guy 's dick off instead ! well fuck that ! we gotta put a stop to this hateful sonsa - bitch before they ruin we good name ! holden first off , I do not know how good you name really be . secondly , there 's not much you can do about stop this bile . the Internet 's give everyone in America a voice , and everyone in american have choose to use that voice to bitch about movie . as long as there 's a bluntman and chronic movie , the net-nerd be gonna have something negative to say about it . jay steam , think . then , a light dawns on he . jay but wait a second -- if there be not a bluntman and chronic movie , then no one would be say shit about jay and Silent Bob , right ? holden they be not say anything about you now -- they're talk about fictional character ! jay ( oblivious to Holden ; to Bob ) so all we gotta do be stop them from make the movie ! holden yeah , and kiss - off the hundred of thousand of dollar in royalty you be due in the process . be you fuck retarded ? look , I be probably not alone in the opinion that this flick be the worst idea since greedo shoot first . I mean , a jay and Silent Bob movie ? who would pay to see that ? Holden , jay and Silent Bob pause and look at the camera for a beat . then -- holden but since it be happen , you might as well just ignore the idiot on the Internet , go find banky , and get you " motherfuck movie check . " as you so succinctly put it . that 's what 's important here . jay no , Holden mcneil - - what 's important here be that there 's a bunch of motherfucker we do not even know call we asshole on the Internet to a bunch of teenager and guy who can not even get laid . put a stop to that be the most important thing we could ever do . ( off monitor ) when do it say they be make that movie ? holden they start this Friday . jay so if today 's Tuesday , that give we -- ( count ) eight day . holden it 's more like three day . jay right . Three day to stop that stupid fuck movie from get make ! c'mon , Silent Bob -- jay and Bob stand and look at each other , fill with purpose . jay we be go to Hollywood . they stride off . Holden shake he head . holden now that 's what I call the blunt lead the blunt . ext . bus station --day jay and Silent Bob approach a bus that 's label " Los Angeles . " they nod at each other and then climb aboard . after a beat , they re-emerge . jay ticket ? since when do they start charge for the bus ? they head toward the depot . jay do not we use to ride that shit to school every day for free ? ext . highway --day the bus roar past a sign that read : leave New Jersey . int . bus -- same jay make he way up to the driver . jay we in Hollywood yet ? driver it 's a three - - day ride to Los Angeles , sir . we leave twenty minute ago . jay I do not ask you about Los Angeles . I ask you about Hollywood . driver Hollywood 's in Los Angeles , sir . jay do not change the subject ! be we in Hollywood yet or not ? driver please sit down , sir . jay glare at the Driver and head back to he seat . jay why do not you take you seat Ralph kramden -- jay slump into the seat beside Silent Bob . jay I be fuck bored , man . there be not shit to so on this bus . Silent Bob mime jerk off . jay I already do that . twice . Silent Bob shrug , look out the window , jay look across the aisle and spot a child in a helmet play a handheld video game . he lean over to he . jay yo , gretzky - - lemme get a turn . child leave I alone , little kid . the child give he the finger . jay go wide -ey , turn to Silent Bob . jay that fuck call I a little kid and give I the finger ! go kick he ass ! Silent Bob offer a incredulous look , as if to say , " he 's ten year old . " jay you be my muscle , ain'tcha ? Silent Bob kind of nod . jay so go open a can of whup - ass on that little fuck , and get I he game ! Silent Bob sigh and stand . he climb over jay into the aisle and stand in front of the child . he look at he and register doubt . he look back to jay , who wave he on . Silent Bob steel himself , look back to the kid and reach for he game . the child emit a high - pitch scream and start punch himself in the head . Silent Bob dive back into he seat , try to look nonchalant . the child stop cry . jay look at Silent Bob . jay you be one tough motherfucker , you know that ? ext . highway --day the bus pull over by the side of the road . int . bus --day the Bus Driver head down the aisle toward the back of the bus , follow by piss - off passengers . passenger they be in there go on half a hour now ! two of they ! do God know what ! the Bus Driver bang on the bathroom door and shout . driver this bus be not move another inch unless you clear out of there right now ! no answer . the Bus Driver bang on the door harder . driver do you hear I ?! OPEN this door ! now !! the door handle turn , the door swing wide , and massive amount of smoke suddenly billow through the back of the bus . the smoke clear to reveal jay and Silent Bob squeeze into the bathroom , hold a massive joint . jay um -- I think something 's burn back here . ext . roadside --later as the bus pull away , jay and Silent Bob be reveal , leave behind . jay the whole fuck world 's against we , dude . I swear to God . Silent Bob nod . jay stick out he thumb and start hitching . ext . roadside --later jay and Bob be walk backwards , hitching still . jay this suck ball , man . how come we be not get no ride ? voice ' Cause you be do it all wrong . jay and Bob look behind they . there 's a guy hitching as well . guy you gotta induce the driver a little . jay like how ? guy like this . the guy hold out he sign to they . it read : will give head for ride . jay yeah , but what happen when you get in the car , and you do not make with the head ? do not they kick you ass to the curb ? guy sure -- if you do not make with the head . jay and Bob look at he for a long beat . then -- jay eww ! you eat the cock ?!? guy yeah . if it will get I a few hundred mile across country . I will take a shot in the mouth . jay yeah , but we be not gay . guy well , neither be I . but have you see the price of bus ticket lately ? shit -- I do not wanna cough up two hundred buck just to get to Chicago . jay well , I do not wanna cough up some dude 's sperm ! guy do not be so suburban - - this be the new millennium . Gay , straight -- it 's all the same now . there be no more line . jay draw a line on the ground with he foot . jay there 's one . on this side of it , we be not gay . guy all hitcher do this . why do you think people pick we up ? if you get a ride , it 's expect -- I do not care who the driver be . it 's the first rule in the Book . jay what book ? guy the unwritten Book of the Road . a truck start to pull over to the side of the road . the guy point to it , as if to say " see ? " the passenger - side door open . the guy climb into the truck and close the door . he look out the window at jay and Bob . guy follow the rule of the Book , and you will get where you be go in no time . Excuse I . through the windshield , jay and Silent Bob see the guy go face - first into the truck driver be lap . the truck driver smile , and the truck take off , roaring down the road . jay and Silent Bob watch the truck disappear . then , a car pull up . the nun drive roll down the passenger side window and lean toward they . nun you two boy need a ride ? int . car --later the nun drive , smile . jay and Silent Bob sit in the back seat , huddle close together , they eye glue on the nun . nun you both do not have to sit back there . one of you can sit up here with I . Silent Bob shake he head " no " to jay . jay shrug and climb up front . nun so where be you boy from ? jay New Jersey . nun what bring you to Indiana ? jay we be go to Hollywood . nun Hollywood , hunh ? that 's a long way away . jay yeah -- we be lucky you pick we up . nun well , do unto other . that 's what the Book say . jay ( misinterprete completely ) wait a minute - - you follow the Book , too ? nun I live my life by it . jay really ? you ? nun of course . you know how lonely it get on the road ? thanks to the Book , I be never alone - - if you know what I mean . jay I guess . this guy back there explain it to we . but I do not think you would be into that . nun be you kid ? I have dedicated my life to it . every hour of every day . jay shit -- you nun be alright . nun you live by the Book , too ? jay you pick we up , do not you ? I gotta . nun that 's good to hear . but it take deed , not word . it 's a lot easier to say you live by the Book than to actually do it . ( look at he ) can you do it ? jay you want I to do it right now ? nun no time like the present , right ? jay look back at Silent Bob . Silent Bob shake he head " no . " jay shrug they flip he hair over he shoulder , and start to bend down . jay alright . ( he suddenly stop ) you hear that ? she 's not a Catholic . she 's a presbyterian . jay disappear below the dash , the nun go wide - eye . ext . roadside --day the nun 's car screech to the side of the road . jay get kick we of the front seat by the scream nun . Silent Bob rush out too , and the car race off . jay 's wipe he mouth . he pull a long curly hair from between he tooth . jay dude -- she have seventies bush . ext . highway -- night jay and Bob continue hitching . jay I can not believe this shit . five hour and not a single ride . every day , million of people hitch to Hollywood and stop studio from make movie about them . but when you and I try it , it 's like we be trap in a fuck cartoon ! a familiar- look van pull up in the other side of the raid , the horn beep . jay and Bob look at each other , shrug , and race across the street , get in . the van pull off . int . van -- night jay and Bob sit in the back of the can and stare at -- a clean - cut guy , a bookish woman in glass , a red head beauty , a stoner dude , and a great dane . jay look at Silent Bob . jay Zoink , yo guy and now we can finally solve the mystery of the hitchhike ghoul ! pull off they mask and let 's see who they really be ! bookish I do not think they be mask . beauty I do not think they be hitchhike Girls either . bookish ghoul , you fuck moron . not Girls . ( to herself ) though I wish they be hitchhike girl . sexy , skimpily clad hitchhike girl -- guy let 's kick they out . we have get a mystery to solve . dude the only mystery here be why we take we cue from a dick in a neckerchief ! guy keep it up , beatnik ! I will feed you to the fuck dog ! beauty ( cover she ear ; shriek ) I can't take all this fighting ! jay yo ! the gang look to jay and Bob . jay youse guy need to turn that frown upside down ! and we get just the thing for that . ( pull out a bag of joint ) we call they doobie snax . int . van --weed vision as jay and Bob toke up , we go all slo -mo and 70' freaky ( with the image seem to swim ) . through they stone haze , we see old - school witch , skeleton , and ghoul swirl about they head -- the latter of which get he mask take off to reveal a man inside a costume . jay and Bob look at the gang , then take a hit off they joint and look back . suddenly , the gang 's engage in total debauchery : the dude ride the windshield while the guy cackle insanely , blindfolded by he neckerchief . bookish and beauty be in they underwear , make out with each other . the great dane look at jay and Bob and say -- great dane ri , Ray rand rirent Rob the great dane roll over , revealing its red thing stick way out of its sheath . it 's monstrous . jay and Bob go wide - eye . jay look at he fuckin ' lipstick !!! he 's get a stoner - boner !!! jay and Bob smile and pass out . we cut back to the gang , who now appear as they do prior to weed -vision . they stare at the o.c. jay and Bob . beauty I think they pass out . guy great . what do we do with they now ? dude let 's cut out they kidney to sell on the black market and leave they in a seedy motel bathtub full of ice . bookish oh God , not again ? int . seedy motel bathroom --night jay lie in a bathtub full of ice , scream . there 's a scar on he back . ext . kansas CITY park --day jay wake up suddenly , scream . he startles Bob awake as well , as he clutch at this back lift he shirt to see the scar . it 's not there . jay Holy shit , I have a horrible dream . ( look around ) yo , I be hungry . where can we get some breakfast ? Bob look around , and then lock on something o.c . he point , and jay look , smile widely , and nod . ext . mooby's fast food joint --day a establishing shot of the fast food eatery , as jay and Bob enter . int . mooby's fast food joint --same as the pair head for the counter , jay notice a public internet terminal . he tug at Silent Bob 's arm . jay yo -- check that shit out : the Internet . let 's see if that fuck say something new about we and that stupid flick . Bob shrug , head for the terminal . he insert a dollar and type , follow it up with a mouse click . the pair look at the screen and go wide - eye . jay " any movie base on jay and Silent Bob be gonna lick ball , because they both , in fact , lick ball . namely each other 's . " jay and Silent Bob look at each other , wide - eye . jay eww. ( read further ) " yes - - they be real people . Real stupid people . sign , darth randal . " ( to Bob ) motherfucker ! it 's time we write something back ! type this shit down . Silent Bob start type as jay dictate . jay all you motherfucker be gonna pay . you be the one who be the ball - licker . we be gonna fuck you mother whole you watch and cry like little bitch . once we get to Hollywood and find that miramax fuck who be make the movie , we be gonna make them eat we shit , then shit we shit , then eat they shit which be make of we shit that we make them eat . then all you motherfucker be next . Love , jay and Silent Bob . Silent Bob finish type and press " return " . he and jay nod at each other , then head over to the counter line , look up at the menu board . jay that will fuck show them . now we eat we egga-mooby -muffins , then get back on the road , get to Hollywood , and stop that fuck movie from get make . no more hairy - bush nun , no more dog . we keep we eye on the prize , and not let nothing -- and I mean nothing -- distract I . as jay finish speak , he look to the o.c. door and freeze . a gorgeous girl walk through the front door , all in slo - mo to the tune of Prince 's the most beautiful girl in the World . she 's bath in light , glow . she bat she eyelash , glide toward we . jay be mouth - agape wide eye . Silent Bob look at he , then at the o.c. girl . he slowly wave he hand in front of jay 's eye , get zero response . jay' Pov the girl smile at we . his Pov go from she face , down to she breast , then down to she crotch . jay move past Silent Bob and meet the girl in the middle of the floor . he embrace she and land a long , sweet kiss on she mouth . after a beat , he start fumble like a teenager to get to second base under she shirt , totally incongruous with the music . the girl kindly try to deter he . but it 's just a fantasy . jay 's still stand there next to Silent Bob , but he be sport a huge boner . Silent Bob roll he eye . he grab a soda cup off the counter and stick it over jay 's boner , just as the girl join they in line . she smile at the zombify jay . girl ( off cup ) oh my God . do you get free refill with that ? jay oh , what -- this ? I just wear this for protection . you know -- so no guy try to grab my shit . girl hi. I be justice . jay ( dreamily ) and I be so fuck yours -- Silent Bob poke jay , who shake of he daze . jay I mean hi . I be jay . and this be my hereto life -mate , Silent Bob . justice it 's nice to meet you . jay justice , hunh ? that 's a nice name . ( under he breath , to Bob ) jay and ' justice , sit in a tree . f- u-c -k -I -n -g -- ( back to justice ) so you come here often ? justice oh , I be not from around here . my friend and I be take a road trip , and we just stop to grab something to eat . jay you friend , hunh ? where they at ? justice ( point ) out there . by that van . jay and Bob look past justice to see a van with three other gorgeous girl stretch outside of it , throw they hair around , look incredibly sexy . without look at Silent Bob , jay quietly say to he -- jay dude -- I think I just fill the cup . int . van --day jay and Bob climb into the can , get odd look from the other Girls , justice follow they in , toss the fast food to she friend . jay lady , lady , lady ! jay and Silent Bob be in the hizz-ouse !!! sissy who the fuck be this guy ? justice this be jay and Silent bob. ( to jay and Bob ) guy , this be sissy , missy , and chrissy . chrissy where the fuck do they come from ? justice I meet them inside . they be gonna hitch a ride . sissy I do not know if that 's such a great idea . jussy . jay sure it be , jugg . missy oh my god -- he just call sissy " jugg " ! chrissy I be on it . chrissy lunge toward jay , pull a knife . justice chrissy , no ! sissy stop chrissy , shove a burger into she hand . sissy we be in the middle of suburbia , chrissy . let 's try to act like it . chrissy and what - stupid ass little foul - mouth bitch - boy do not get they ball cut off in suburbia ? jay ( oblivious ) what 's with the knife ? we have cake or something ? chrissy Holy shit -- he 's retarded , to boot . jay ( to Silent Bob ) yo -- she call you retarded . sissy ( to justice ) what 's wrong with you , justice ? you do remember where we be go , do not you ? missy that we do have a job to do ? justice they be just gonna tag along for a few mile . they will not get in the way , I promise . ( cutesy ) please ? sissy Fine -- they can ride with we . but they be so out of here before we get to Boulder . justice honest injun . chrissy " honest injun " ? ( to sissy ) I can not believe what a pushover you be . jay and I can not believe fine - ass bitch like yourselves eat that shit . do not you know fast food make girl fart ? suddenly , jay and Bob be parte by brent , who 's get into the van . brent say -- what 's all this talk about farting ? sissy , missy , and chrissy immediately go from disgust to sweet and airy , totally switch character . sissy / chrissy / missy hi Brent ! sissy this be Brent . he 's with we , too . chrissy Brent , tell this silly that girl do not fart . brent of course they do not ! only skeevy stoner fart . the very white Brent put he hand out to be slap by jay and Silent Bob . brent what up , homy ? ( off the Girls ) wow , Three guy , four girl -- ( to jay and Bob ) what 's the count boy ? jay and Bob look at each other and roll they eye . ext . highway --day the van drive down the road . we hear sing from inside . int . van --day Brent strum a guitar and sing , as the Girls and jay and Bob listen , roll eye . brent hey there mister science - guy . do not spray that aerosol in my eye . for I do not really want to die . I be a noble rabbit ! jay what be you guy , like a cover band or something ? sissy we be the Kansas State chapter of s.a.a.c.-- student against Animal cruelty . chrissy and we be on we way to Colorado to give provasik a piece of we mind ! everyone let out a whoop , except jay and Bob . jay what the fuck be you bitch babbling about ? brent hey ! watch the language little boy . there be female present . jay and Silent Bob eyeball Brent , until justice distract they . justice provasik pharmaceutical be a medical lab where they perform gross experiment on animal . jay so , what kind of animal be we talk about here -- like bear and rhino ? brent no -- more like rabbit , dog , cat ... heck , even monkey , if we do not speak for they , who will ? ( touch justice 's arm ) right , jussy ? jay see this and he eye flare over the competition . after a beat , he relax . jay hey , uh -- Brent ? can I talk to you over here for a second ? Brent join jay , strumm he guitar . jay address he confidentially . jay be honest , yo -- you be down with this for the fine - ass pussy , right ? brent I be down with this because I love animal , stupid . jay even sheep ? brent of course . sheep be beautiful creature . jay they be beautiful , be not they ? brent oh God , yes . jay so then you would fuck a sheep ? brent what be you damage little boy ? you have get a sick and twisted world perspective . jay no , you misunderstand I , Prince valiant . I mean if you be another sheep . would you fuck a sheep if you be another sheep ? brent I -- suppose so . jay that 's what I think . ( suddenly loudly , to all ) yo ! this motherfucker ain't one of US ! he just say he'd fuck a sheep ! ext . highway --day the side door of the van slide open and Brent get hurl out of the move vehicle . jay throw he guitar at he as well , yell and flipping the bird as the van drive off . jay ya dirty sheep fucker !!! ext . highway --later the van drive down the road . int . van --same missy drive . sissy sit in the passenger seat . chrissy kneel between they . chrissy what the fuck be we gonna do now ? sissy shut up , I be think . in the back , justice study some blueprint . jay join she , and she quickly fold they up . jay be Hollywood near where we be go ? justice be that where you guy be from ? jay ch'yeah , right . Jersey represent ! justice oh , a Jersey Boy . what bring you all the way out here ? jay well , we could not hang in front of the Quick stop no more , ' cause of the strainen - en order , which suck ass ' cause it 's be like we home since we be kid . Silent Bob even bust he cherry there . justice ( to Bob ) you do ? I will bet she be a lucky girl . Bob blushes , jay do not like that justice 's attention have stray . jay look , fuck that fat fuck -- I be try to tell a story here . justice sorry . jay anyway , we be talk to brodie and he say there 's gonna be a bluntman and chronic movie . so we go to see Holden mcneil , and he show we the Internet , and that 's where we find all this fuck little jerkoff be say shit about we . so we decide to go to Hollywood and stop the movie from get make . and now we be here . justice wow . I have no idea what you just say . jay yeah , I get that a lot . so you like animal , huh ? justice sure . jay that 's cool . even snake ? justice you can not exclude a animal just because it 's not cuddly . of course I like snake . jay how about trouser snake ? justice what 's a trouser snake ? just then , a little jay devil appear on jay 's leave shoulder . jay devil ( to jay ) what the fuck be you wait for ? she go for the setup ! reach in you fuck pants , and pull yer cock out , bitch ! that 's the kinda shit girl like ! suddenly another little jay devil appear in jay 's right shoulder . jay devil 2 right about here 's where the angel 's suppose to show up and tell you not to pull you dick out . but we bitch - slap that little fuck and send he pack , so it 's smooth sailing . let 'er rip , boy ! they disappear in little puff of smoke and jay shove he hand down he pants , get ready to whip out he dick , when suddenly a little jay angel appear on he shoulder , rub a swollen jaw . jay angel sorry I be late . so what 's the deal here ? ( look down ) oh , shit -- you be not think of whipping you dick out at this fine piece of woman , be you ? jay think , then nod " yes . " the jay angel roll he eye , and slap he . jay angel tell you what : look at Silent Bob . see if he think it 's a good idea to whip you dick out . jay look to Silent Bob . Silent Bob look from jay 's hand in he pants to jay and shake he head " no , " sternly . jay withdraw he hand from he pants . the jay angel nod , satisfied . jay angel that 's it , boy -- put the dick down . you gotta go from the heart , yo . no little perv bullshit will do for this one . be smooth . be Don Juan de la nootch . now I gotta go beat the shit out of two suckerpunch little bitch . remember -- do not pull you dick out until she ask you to . ( beat ) or until she sleep . bunnnnggg ! the jay angel blink away . justice look at jay , a bit confuse . jay do not ask . ( beat ) so , uh -- what can a pimp - daddy like I do to help the animal ? justice you really do not want to help we -- jay what the fuck be you talk about ? sure I do . I would do anything for you . justice smile . jay try to recover . jay I mean , youse guy ! I would do anything for youse guy . for the lift and shit . justice you sure ? jay sure , I be sure . I say it , do not i. fuck justice well --okay . let I talk it over with the other girl and get back to you . jay you do that . jay take justice 's hand and kiss it . jay I will be right here . he wink at she , smile and move to the other side of the can , near Silent Bob . he 's still smile at justice and winking when he look to Silent Bob who stare at he blankly , then imitate jay 's hand - kissing back at he , jay scowl . jay fuck you . fatty . ext . convenience story --day the van pull up and all pile out , stretch . the Girls head toward the store . justice call over to jay and Silent Bob . justice you guy want anything from inside ? jay no , we be cool , thanks hon . justice smile and head inside . jay and Silent Bob study the front of the foreign convenience store . they look for a place to lean , try a few spot out , then settle into one . after a beat -- jay it just be not the same , be it ? this place lick ball compare to Quick stop . Silent Bob shake he head " yeah . " jay and speak of lick ball -- how ' bout that justice chick ? she be too fine . and she smell so fuck pretty . she 's get a nice voice , too . and that body ? smoke . you know , she never once say " fuck off , " when I be talk to she , or pull out the pepper spray , or nothing . I tell ya , lunchbox - - she could be the one . int . convenience store --day justice be at the microwave when she 's suddenly surround by the other girl . missy smooth move , justice . chrissy ( slapping justice upside the head ) Nice go , four eye ! justice ow ! sissy why the fuck do you let that little stoner throw Brent we of the van ?! justice oh please -- if I have to listen to one more of that stupid song , I be go to throw he out myself . sissy we need Brent , justice ! he be we patsy ! justice we will find someone else . besides , I do not see you try to stop jay from throw he out . sissy because I do not want to blow we cover ! justice cover , shmover - - you all hate he song , too . chrissy not as much as I hate you . justice offer chrissy a cold glance , chrissy fuck , if I do not get to kill someone soon , I be gonna - - fuck kill someone ! sissy ( rub chrissy 's shoulder ) do not mind chrissy . she 's just a little too wound for sound . chrissy then how about you help I take the edge off ? chrissy grab missy forcefully and the pair make out , hot and heavy in the middle of the convenience store . other customer regard they wide - eye . justice ( to customer ) they be really good friend . sissy ( to chrissy and missy ) would you two knock it off ? we be in the fuck heartland here ! try to blend ! justice they already do -- she 's the milkmaid , and she 's the cow . chrissy oh , I be a cow , be I ? I be a mad cow , bitch . and now I be gonna rip you head off and fuck you spine stump . sissy enough ! ( calm to justice ) we have a very simple gang here , justice . I be the brain , chrissy 's the brawn , and missy 's the tech - girl . but lately , I be have a hard time figure out what you be do here . justice that make two of we . chrissy shit -- you name do not even fit the rhyme scheme . justice that 's because very few name rhyme with " douchebag . " chrissy ( get in she face ) you be dance on my last nerve , strawberry shortcake . ( to sissy ) you deal with the weak link . I be gonna take missy into the dirty convenience store bathroom and hate - fuck the shit out of she . chrissy drag missy off . justice and sissy watch they go . justice and you say let they read all that anais nin would not amount to anything . sissy do not change the subject . you know what you have to do now , right ? since you let we patsy slip away , you have gotta convince the little kid and that fat guy to take he place . they have gotta break into provasik now . justice uh-uh ! sissy uh-huh . you will do it ; or you be out of this gang . just use the little one 's crush to convince he , since he 's so fuck in love with you . justice jay ? no he 's not . sissy what -- be I blind ? he be not kissing you hand back in the van like he be fuck Lord Byron ? justice well , maybe he be just raise with manners . ext . convenience store --day a girl walk past jay and Bob , head out of the store . jay ( to exite girl ) yo , baby ! you ever have you asshole licked by a fat man in a overcoat ?! ( to Bob ) yeah . int . convenience store --day sissy continue to confront justice . sissy you be the one that bring the kid in , jussy . so you have gotta make amend . justice jay be not take Brent 's place as the patsy . sissy that kid and he quite friend be we only option at this point . now we get about two hour before we get to Boulder . that give you plenty of of time to work on he . justice I be not gonna do it . sissy why the fuck not ? justice because he 's just to so innocent ! justice look out the window and smile , see jay dance alongside bob. justice look at he -- ext . convenience store --same jay 's dance still , but now we hear what he 's singing to Silent Bob . jay I be gonna finger - fuck she tight little asshole ! finger -bang and tea-bang my ball -- in she mouth ! where ? where ? in she mouth -- ball - a- plenty in she mouth ! ball , ball , sweaty ball -- int . convenience store --same sissy eyeball justice , who 's still look out at jay . sissy who 's it go to be , jussy - - he or we ? justice look at sissy . sissy nod at she . justice look back out at jay . int . van --day justice talk to jay and Silent Bob . jay steal a monkey ? shit - - no problem . justice it 's not really steal -- it 's liberate it , and -- ( finally hear he ) wait a second -- do you say , " no problem " ? jay yeah , fuck - - we steal monkey all the time . ( to Bob ) right , lunchbox ? Silent Bob glare at jay . justice it 's not like it 's a bad thing . it 's for a good cause . jay oh , it for the best cause , mon cheri -- ( take she hand ) the cause of love . ( kiss she hand , then release ) snoogan -- justice what the heck be that ? jay what 's what ? justice " snoogan , " I believe it be . jay what the fuck do you think it mean ? it mean " I be kid . " justice ohhh . well , that 's too bad . she smile at jay , touch he chin and head to the front of the van . jay play it cool until she 's out of sight , then hump silent Bob 's leg like a dog . jay ( sing ) I can not believe I be gonna get some pussy for steal a monkey ! ( speak ) if I would know it be that easy , I would have be steal monkey since I be like seven and shit . jay look at Silent Bob , who clearly disapprove . jay do not , motherfucker . do not you ruin this for I . I and justice be gonna get marry one day , so do not be give I that " we- be not - steal - no - monkey " look . I be Morris Day ; you be Jerome , bitch . do not forget that . that girl ? that girl 's in love with I . up front , justice talk to sissy , while missy drive . justice they be gonna do it . sissy good . they do they part -- ( pat a video camera ) and we will do ours . justice eye sissy , then slump in she seat . ext . provasik medical lab --night the Van roll up across the street from the provasik lab , parking in front of another large building . int . van --same jay and Silent bob get out , along with justice . they wear ninja mask . missy and chrissy follow . justice remember - - we meet back here when you be do . you sure you be okay with this ? jay as sure as I be that you be the hot bitch I ever see . chrissy lunge at jay , missy hold she back , drag chrissy away . jay what 's twist that bitch 's tit ? justice maybe it 's because woman do not like to be call " bitch , " jay . jay they do not ? well how ' bout " piece of ass " ? justice how about not . jay well , what the fuck be I suppose to call you , then ? justice something sweet , you big goof . something nice . jay ( think ; then ) boo- boo kitty fuck . justice ( laugh ) okay . that 's a start . sissy jump out of the van , hold the video camera , aim it at jay and Bob . sissy jay , before you go , could you say something into the camera about the clitoris . jay what ? justice ( to sissy ) man you be such a bitch -- sissy ( off justice ; to jay ) she 's just a little embarrassed . see , jussy and I be put together this documentary for we human sexuality class , and we need a male perspective on the clitoris . jay the female clitoris ? sissy uh--yeah . justice jay , you do not have to do this . she elbow sissy . jay Nah , it 's cool , hon . there 's a few thing I can say about the clit that I 's like you to hear . ( clear throat ; into camera ) I be the master of the clit ! I make that shit work ! it do what ever the fuck I tell it to do ! no one rule the clit like I ! ( off Silent Bob ) not this little fuck ! none of you little fuck out there ! I be the clit commander !!! remember that -- commander of all clit ! jay proceed to make some pussy - eat face . justice shake she head at sissy , who snap the camera close and smile . sissy awesome . knock them dead , Tiger . sissy climb back into the van . jay ( to justice ) so -- can I get a little kiss for good luck ? justice smile at jay , then kiss he sweetly on the lip . jay so --can I get a little blow job for good luck ? justice smile and pull jay 's mask down . he head off , revealing Silent Bob behind he , lip pucker , hand in midair . jay reach back into the frame , pull Bob out . justice watch they go . sissy jussy . c'mon . justice climb back into the van . int . van --same justice sit , glaring at sissy . sissy hey , lover -girl . you cock - block my authority again , you lose you fuck front , you get that ? justice yes , sir . sissy take the tape out of the camera and hand it off to missy , beside whom be a bag full of high - tech equipment . sissy phase one , down . while we be execute phase two , you edit that tape and grab a new car . missy no sweat . sissy let 's suit up . ext . provasik medical lab --night jay and Silent bob tuck - and -roll across the front lawn , stop at the building . Silent Bob pull a grappling gun out of he coat . he fire it into the air as jay quickly give the " metal " sign , and the pair be lift out - of - frame . int . provasik medical lab --night it 's dead quiet and still . then , the pair smash through a window , landing in the floor in a ball . they lift they ninja hood . jay glare at Silent Bob . jay you fat fuck -- int . van -- night missy peer through binocular out the window . sissy they in ? missy you can say that . sissy time to shine . let 's go . ext . van --night the quartet pile out of the van , and we get we first look at they : sexily gear up for action , wear all black . they head for a separate build . stop at the front door . sissy gesture elaborately to missy , and missy gesture elaborately back , racing away into the night . justice offer sissy a look . justice you be so gay . chrissy stick a box on the door and press a button . on a digital readout , number roll until they stop on four different digit . the door lock click open . sissy once we be inside , I want complete silence . ( hold up high - tech device ) missy whipped this up . it count we decibel level . if it go into the red -- alarm , we be dead . so not even the slight noise , get it ? justice blow she off . sissy enter the building , follow closely by chrissy . justice linger at the door , take one last look back at the provasik Building , fretting for jay and Bob . sissy ( poke she head back out ) justice ! move you ass ! justice head inside . we pan up to reveal a sign that read : boulder diamond exchange . int . provasik testing room --night jay and Bob stand there , look around the room . it 's line with cage , all of which contain sad- look animal . a tear form in silent Bob 's eye . jay roll he eye and hit he . jay stay frosty , you big fuck softie . we have get a job to do . Silent Bob nod and click on a flashlight . the pair wade through the cage . jay stop at a emergency BOX hang on the wall . Inside it , there 's a pistol . jay check this out , lunchbox . Animal tranquilizer . this shit fuck you up like percocets ! jay elbow the glass , break it . he take the gun out and toss it to Bob . jay hold this . later , I and justice can shoot each other with it and fuck like stone test bunny . bunnggg . Silent Bob roll he eye and stick the gun in he coat . the pair look through the cage , until hear the distinct SOUND of a monkey . jay direct Silent Bob 's flashlight to the cage from where the sound emitted . he smile . jay ( read ) " Suzanne . " boo-yah . int . boulder diamond exchange --night the three Girls stand at the end of a large hallway . at the other end be a glass case , full of diamond . sissy pull and aerosol can from she utility belt and spray the air in the hallway . she watch the decibel monitor , which rise only slightly at the sound of the spray . suddenly , within the mist , laser beam become apparent . sissy hand the decibel monitor to chrissy and take a few step back , shaking she hand to limber up . she then run forward and do a impressive series of flip down the hallway , not touch a single laser beam . chrissy check the decibel monitor , which rise only slightly . once sissy 's flipping come to a stop at the other end of the hallway near the diamond case , she make a hand gesture to justice . justice nod , and proceed to do the same series of flip down the hallway , not trip the alarm . chrissy check the decibel monitor , which rise only slightly . justice land beside sissy , and then sissy gesture to chrissy . chrissy toss the decibel monitor over the laser beam , sissy catch it , and the monitor rise only slightly . then , chrissy proceed with she series of flip , which be even more impressive than the other two , include run up wall and push into handstand flip . when she pass the last laser beam , she land between sissy and justice , arm in the air like a gymnast . then , she let out a loud , manly fart . the decibel monitor go red and a alarm start ringing through the building . chrissy Holy fuck -- the little stoner be right -- sissy shutter the glass surround the diamond . she ours they into a bag , and race back down the hallway , follow by justice and chrissy . ext . boulder diamond exchange --night the Girls emerge from the diamond Exchange , just as missy pull up in a convertible . chrissy boom box ! missy toss a metal box to chrissy , who catch it and race toward the van , while sissy and justice pile into the convertible . sissy I can not believe it . month of plan and it 's all blow by a fuck fart . justice we can not just leave they like this ! that alarm 's gonna bring the cop here any minute ! sissy that be always the plan , justice ! they take the heat off of be long enough until we can get out of town ! chrissy attaches the metal box to the side of the van . chrissy kaboom , you little stoner fuck . the girl pull up in the convertible and chrissy jump into the car with they . chrissy it 's set . let 's roll . the convertible screech away , leave the can sit there . the metal have magnetically attach to the side be count down from two minute . int . provasik testing lab -- night jay and Bob carry a large canvas bag between they . something seem to move inside it . the head for the exit , but Silent bob hesitates , offer a sad look to the animal in all the cage . jay hit he . jay what the fuck be you look at ? there be not no snack here , man ! now we get what we come for , so let 's get the fuck out ! Silent Bob half - gesture to the cage , forlorn . jay shake he head frustrated . jay yeah , it 's sad ! but what the fuck be we suppose to do about it ? Silent bob offer jay a look . ext . provasik medical lab --night the front door burst open , spilling out jay , Silent Bob ( carry they bag ) , and hundred of animal -- cat , dog , bird , rabbit . all race off into the night . jay and Bob race toward the van . jay scream at it . justice justice ! OPEN the door ! suddenly , jay and Bob stop dead in they track . jay oh shit -- Three cop car screech up , the van between they and jay and Bob . the cop leap out of they cruiser , gun draw . jay look to Bob , piss cop drop the bag ! before this thing turn explosive ! the counter on the device attach to the van hit " 0 , " and the van blows up . jay and Bob get throw backwards in one direction , the cop in the other . on all four , jay look at the burn shell of the van , a tear form in he eye . jay justice -- we crane up from he as he bellow -- jay juuusssttttiiiicccceeee !!!!!! Silent Bob grab jay and drag he out of frame , still carry the bag . ext . federal wildlife marshal' office --day we start on a sign on the door that read : Federal Wildlife marshal , Colorado field Office , then pull back to see a deputy open the door and head inside . int . federal wildlife marshal' office --day the deputy enter just as a fax be come through at a operation board . he rip it off , read it . his eye go wide . deputy oh , fudge ... ( call off ) marshal willenholly ! int . bathroom --same marshal willenholly sit on the bowl , stare at four legged Law - man magazine , eyeing it lustily . below frame , he jerk off . willenholly yeah , you chug that ass - cock baby -- it take two hand to hold do not it --? uhhh -- as he climax , a gang at the door disrupt he . willenholly what ?! what ?! i'm reading ! deputy ( o.s. ) Sir , we get a report of a break - in at provasik pharmaceutical ' testing lab . willenholly emerge from the bathroom , hold the magazine . there 's a massive wet spot on the front of he pants . willenholly have you read this article on the mule-sucker in Tijuana ? good God , I wish that be in we jurisdiction -- I would shut down every last one of that ass -cock chugger , personally . the deputy look at the stain on willenholly 's pants , then at willenholly . willenholly what ? " ass " mean " donkey . " deputy yes , sir. ( hand he a fax ) willenholly ( look at fax ) Boulder , hunh ? well , gas up the jet . deputy we do not have a jet , sir . and Boulder 's only ten minute away . willenholly then gas up the next best thing . ext . provasik medical lab --day there be FIRE truck all over the place now . the burn out van be be pour over by cop . just then , willenholly pull up on a moped . he park it and survey the wreckage . willenholly my , oh my , oh my . who let the cat out ? ( think ) wait -- be that right ? cop 1 ( o.s. ) Excuse I -- who the hell be you ? willenholly rip down the velcro patch on he jacket , revealing a badge . willenholly Federal Wildlife marshal . this investigation be now under my jurisdiction . cop 1 oh really ? and why be that ? willenholly because someone let a whole mess of animal out of they cage , sir . cop 1 well , we believe that be just a diversionary tactic use to call attention away from the real heist over here at the diamond Exchange . willenholly yeah , right . that 's a believable scenario . it sound more like something out of a bad movie . willenholly and the cop look at the camera . then , another cop join they . cop 2 Sir , the provasik people say they have round all they animal up , except for one : a orangutan . willenholly listen up , lady and gentleman ! we fugitive have be on the run for 6 hour ! average simian foot speed over uneven ground -- barring injury or preoccupation with tire tube , mite or bananas - - be four mile a hour . that give we a radius of twenty mile . cop 3 ( call out from crowd ) twenty - four , sir ! willenholly what ? cop 3 six hour time four mile a hour be twenty - four . willenholly ( do the math in he head ) yes . yes , you be right . my bad . twenty - four mile . now what I want out of all of you be a hard target search . cop 4 Excuse I , sir ? willenholly yeah ? cop 4 what do that mean , exactly - - a " hard target search " ? what 's a " hard target " ? willenholly well . it 's - - a target -- that 's --hard . anyway -- cop 4 so be you refer to the search 's level of difficulty ? or be the hard target the monkey ? cop 3 or the people who steal the monkey ? the cop now chatter amongst themselves , to the effect of " yeah -- it could mean that too -- he 's get a point - - , " etc . willenholly rub he temple . willenholly okay , how about this ? what I want out of all of you be a thorough search of every gas station , residence , warehouse , farmhouse , henhouse , outhouse , and doghouse in that area ! checkpoint go up at fifteen mile ! cop 1 would not it make sense to put they up at every twenty - four mile -- see as that 's how far they would have get in the last six hour ? they begin chatter amongst themselves again . willenholly look at they all , defeat . he start to cry . willenholly this be so frustrating . it 's just so hard sometimes -- ( yell ) you fugitive's name be suzanne ! go find her ! another cop join willenholly , carry a large , fat envelope . cop 5 Sir , this be just deliver to the station . willenholly what be it ? cop 5 it 's a tape from the terrorist who be claim credit for the break - in . willenholly be it vhs or beta ? you know what -- never mind . do you have a vcr ? int . office --day willenholly and the cop stare at the o.c . tv , shocked , as the video end . willenholly oh my God -- ( without look up ) have the jet gass up and ready to go at a moment 's notice . cop Sir , we do not have a jet ; just a helicopter . willenholly ( dial he cell phone ) do not anybody have a jet anymore ? ( into cell phone ) plafsky ? it be willenholly . you gotta get I on the national news , pronto . why ?! because we may very well be deal with the two most dangerous man on the planet ! ext . utah roadside --day jay and Silent Bob sit close to each other , stare at -- suzanne ( the orangutan ) -- who sit on a log across from they , stare back . jay this be jussy 's monkey ( to Suzanne , angrily ) justice died for you , you monkey fuck ! Suzanne cover she eye with she hand suddenly . jay and Silent Bob , startle , with jay leaping behind Silent Bob and pull back as if he 's go to strike . jay ( to Silent Bob ) do something . ton of fun ! Silent Bob offer the ape a weak wave . Suzanne drop she hand from she face and wave back . jay crane he neck to see over silent Bob . jay be that fuck thing wave at we ? Suzanne nod . jay step out from behind Bob . they state at the ape . jay Holy shit ? that monkey understand we ! maybe it 's some sort of super - monkey ! Suzanne offer they a " raspberry . " spit as if the comment be ridiculous . jay and Silent Bob react with surprise at this . jay what the fuck be that for ? it 's not a stupid idea ! I see it in congo ? Suzanne hold she nose , as if to say , " congo stink . " Silent Bob smile in agreement and amusement . jay look at he , stung . jay you be my bitch . you get my back . do not go join this chimp 's side . jay look around the wood , formulate a think . Silent Bob move toward the ape , extend he hand to shake hers . jay yo -- what if there 's more super monkey up in the lab ? maybe they be make a army of them up there ! Holy shit ! maybe it 's a conspiracy -- like on the X - file roswell - - style ! jay' delusion : we enter into jay' head and see -- int . lab --day we pan over from a chimp in a chemist 's coat measure liquid in a pair of beaker to a chimp at a draft table sketching blueprint for a insidious war machine . a orangutan shake hand with a group of five well - dress man , one of which look like the cigarette smoke man from the X - file . jay ( v.o. ) work in secret with a crew of double - deal , nicotine - fiend fuck that be sell out the human race , this supermonkeys will use simian science and they genius iq 's to make man and monkey alike believe that they be the superior species ! ext . balcony --day a monkey dress like mussolini address a huge crowd of ape , who wave fist in the air . jay ( v.o. ) then all it will take be one little monkey in a spiffy suit to whip the dumber chimp into a frenzy , until they go all ape-shit and start demand more bananas , better pay , and human flesh ! ext . field --day randal lead a pack of human racing through a cornfield , and be shot in the neck . he collapse , revealing a gorilla on horseback hold a rifle . two other gorilla throw a net over he . jay ( v.o. ) you will have to be faster than Walt flanagan 's Dog to outrun the warrior gorilla , who hunt human for sport , profit , and the occasional inter - species blow - job . and if you do not wind up with a monkey hog in you mouth , you will be capture , kill or worse ... int . lab --day cornelius and Zera-looking chimp dissect the brain of a live , scream , Dante . jay ( v.o. ) eaten alive ! ext . quick stop --day the Quick stop be overrun by vine in a jungle like atmosphere . monkey exit the store carry bunch of bananas . the sign now read : ape stop jay ( v.o. ) then this monkey fuck will start wear we clothes and rebuild the world in they image . ext . beach --day we start on a full shot of jay on the beach , look up , then SNAP zoom out to reveal jay kneel before the beach bury statue of Liberty , scream , he arm raise . jay ( v.o. ) and only that who outwit that damn dirty ape will ever remember that it be man who once rule the earth ! jay ( at statue ) you maniac ! damn youse !!! goddamn youse all to hell !!! we dissolve from this image to : ext . utah roadside --day another close - up of jay 's paint face . behind he , Suzanne and Silent Bob be play patty - cake . jay eye Suzanne angrily . jay not on my watch , motherfucker ! jay turn and rush Suzanne , ferociously . jay die , you super -monkey fuck ! die !!! jay trip on a root poke out of the ground and hit the dirt . Suzanne then go over to jay , pull he face to hers , and kiss he on the lip . jay alright -- you can live . for now . Silent Bob help jay to he foot . jay you see that ? bitches love I . ( head off ) besides -- we're in the fuck clear , yo . it 's not like anyone know we steal the monkey . int . tv news station --day a anchorman address the camera . anchorman I be reg hartner and this be a News now bulletin . a provasik animal testing facility in boulder be the focus of a attack by a terroristic primate rescue syndicate call themselves the Coalition for Liberation of itinerant Tree - dweller . or simply , c.l.i.t . a graphic of the c.l.i.t. logo appear beside he , nail home the joke . anchorman in a videotape send to authority this morning , credit for the liberation of a orangutan from the lab last night be take by this man -- a video capture of jay and silent bob from pre-break - - in appear on screen . anchorman --identify in literature that accompany the tape as jay and Silent Bob . in this chill clip , they make it very clear that they be in control of the c.l.i.t . on screen be the c.l.i.t. logo . a digitize voice narrate . digitize voice we be the c.l.i.t. none of you be safe . now tremble before the might of we merciless leader . the logo give way to the video of jay and Bob that sissy shot before the provasik break - in . jay 's yell into the camera . jay I am the clit commander !!! come out of the video footage , the anchorman shake he head , chill . anchorman terrify . here to help we understand this footage be Federal Wildlife marshal willenholly . pull out to reveal willenholly beside the anchorman . anchorman marshal , what can you tell we about the c.l.i.t .? willenholly from the intelligence we have be able to gather , we have discover that the c.l.i.t. be a tiny offshoot of the l.a.b.i.a . anchorman the liberate ape before imprison ape movement . willenholly exactly . the man you see in the video be believe to be the mastermind responsible for the frenzied c.l.i.t. activity last night . they go by the obvious code name " jay " and " Silent Bob . " ( to camera ) if you should come across they or any other c.l.i.t.- ies , please -- exercise extreme caution . int . potzek' inc . office -- night on the tv screen be willenholly and the video capture of jay and Silent Bob . Holden look up from he draw table , shocked . anchorman ( o.s. ) ( from tv ) marshal , how do you respond to allegation that Federal Wildlife marshal 's Office allow the c.l.i.t. to slip through they finger ? willenholly ( o.s. ) nonsense . we be all over the c.l.i.t. , reg. holden ( shake he head ) Night like this , I miss dating a lesbian . int . quick stop -- night from behind the register , Dante and randal stare at the tv , slack - jaw . anchorman ( o.s. ) ( from tv ) be there also speculation that jay and Silent bob may be responsible for the diamond Exchange jewel heist that occur in the same vicinity of downtown Boulder last night ? willenholly ( o.s. ) there 's nothing to suggest that , no . but this man be still to be consider very dangerous . randal ( to Dante ) I tell you that restrain order be a good idea . ext . seedy motel room --same on the second - floor terrace of a run-down , roadside motel , sissy , missy and chrissy dance in they undy and drink champagne . on the first floor terrace below , justice lean against the open slide glass door , watch the news report on a tv inside the room with the volume turn way up . anchorman ( on tv ) be that you cell phone ? willenholly ( on tv ) yes , Excuse I . ( on tv , into cell phone ) Federal Wildlife marshal . I be on my way ! ( shut phone ; to anchorman ) we get them . they're in Utah . ( to camera ) citizen of Utah --steer clear of the c.l.i.t. stimulation of the c.l.i.t. be not recommend . justice turn the tv off and yell up to sissy . justice you tape work . the news be all about jay and Silent Bob 's provasik break - in , with almost no mention of the diamond heist . sissy ( yell down to justice ) I tell you that two be the perfect patsy . now we lay low for awhile -- just in case -- and start plan the next job . justice do not you feel any regret ? jay and Bob do not deserve this . they be really sweet . chrissy the only thing I regret be not gut that little trout - mouth prick like a fish and play twister with he vital . missy you be so nasty . chrissy I will show you nasty , you little slut . sissy would you two get a room ? chrissy Fine -- we will take yours . ( get up in sissy 's face ) I be gonna stain you sheet , bi- otch . chrissy dance away with missy , head inside . sissy roll she eye . sissy Sarah lawrence girl . go figure . justice they be you gang . sissy oh and not yours ? you know , I do not get you , justice . you use to be all about the girl stuff : steal , bone , blow shit up . now you be like this little priss with a conscience . it 's really a fuck drag . justice we all gotta grow up some time . sissy if mope around over some little boy you be crush on be be grow - up , then pass I my wonder woman underoos . justice do not you feel the least bit of guilt for what we do to that guy ? sissy awww . do jussy - wussy feel all dirty about set up she boyfriend ? then how about take a shower ? sissy dump the bag of diamond over the side of the terrace . they rain down on justice below . just then a pizza delivery guy approach the lower terrace , carry a stack of pizza . pizza delivery guy you the gal that order the pizza ? sissy this dopey bitch order the large plain , but I could go for some hot , thick , sicilian . pizza delivery guy no charge , lady . he rush into the motel , justice sigh , look up at the star . justice ( quietly ) I be sorry , jay . int . diner --day jay , Silent Bob , and Suzanne sit at a booth , eat . jay chew a burger while Silent Bob eat pancake and Suzanne dig into a banana split . jay you know , justice die try to save this monkey , so maybe we should keep she around . that way , we can honor she memory . Silent bob and Suzanne be oblivious , digging into they food . jay look at you tubby bitches . I be waxing all sentimental , and you be all about a fuck meal and shit . now be not you glad we stop to eat ? and you be all piss -scare the cop would bust we or something . you know what I say ? ( sing , a la nwa ) voice ( o.s. ) ( via bullhorn ) this be the utah state police ! we know you 're in there come out with you hand in the AIR , and surrender the orangutan ! jay and Bob freeze and go wild - eye for a beat . then -- jay you think they be talk to we ? ext . diner --day there 's a few cop car outside , and the sheriff be yell at the diner through he bullhorn . beside he be the other cop . sheriff you have sixty second to comply . ( to other cop ) fuck it , let 's give them thirty . suddenly willenholly rush up , dramatically ducking behind the car , gun draw . sheriff the ape . willenholly what ? sheriff a orangutan 's a member of the great ape family . it 's not a monkey . willenholly look , who 's the Federal Wildlife marshal here ? ( into bullhorn ) jay and silent bob , this be federal wildlife marshal willenholly ! you c.l.i.t. doesn't stand a chance . surrender the monkey immediately , and you won't get shot ! int . diner --day jay , Suzanne , and Silent Bob peer over the top of they booth , like scared rat . jay what the fuck be you wait for ? go out there and give them the monkey . Silent Bob look to jay , shocked . jay oh , what , man ? I say that shit before I know they be gonna shoot we ! yes -- jussy be a hottie , but I be not takin ' no bullet for no monkey ! Bob pull Suzanne close to he , welling up with tear . jay roll he eye . jay oh , brother - - this be like something out of fuck benji ! look man , maybe it 's not that bad back at the lab ! maybe they experiment on them by , like make them fuck a bunch of different , good -look monkey . we do not know ! maybe they get it real sweet ! Suzanne shake she head " no . " Bob point to she , as if she 's strengthen he point . jay ( to Suzanne ) you stay out of this , you weepy little chimp ! ( look around think ) fuck man , I be not no strategist ! you be the guy that make the blueprint ! I do not even have the fuck smart of a little -- jay 's eye fall on a scared family in a nearby booth . there 's a little kid ( around five or so ) , and he 's wear a hood sweatshirt and a baseball cap . jay -- kid ext . diner --day willenholly 's on the bullhorn , yell at the diner . the sheriff look on . willenholly anyone not harboring a fugitive monkey better hit the deck ! we're go to OPEN FIRE ! ( to cop ) everyone have bullet in they gun , right ? jay and Silent Bob emerge from the diner , with Suzanne between they ( they be hold she raise hand ) . she 's now dress up in the sweatshirt and jeans the kid be wear in the diner , with the baseball cap pull down over she face . it 's a pretty piss - poor disguise . jay do not shoot ! we be just try to take we son out of this hostile environment ! from behind the cop car , the sheriff look to willenholly . sheriff they " son " ? willenholly maybe they be one of that gay couple ? jay seize on the idea . Silent Bob nod fervently . jay yeah ! we be gay ! and this be we adopt love child ! we be not from around here ! do not make we go back to we liberal city home with a tale of prejudice and bigotry in the heart of Utah ! ( whisper to Bob ) you see the shit I gotta put up with for you ! now I get this guy think I be gay ! willenholly oh God , this be the last thing I need -- a bunch of uppity homosexual shoot they mouth off in the liberal press that the Federal Wildlife marshal 's Office persecute gay . sheriff be you fucking crazy ! that two may be gay , but that ain't there son ! that's the ape ! willenholly you see this badge ? I think I would recognize a ape if I see one . and the only thing I do recognize here be a political fiasco I be , go to avoid by let this butt-fuck brady bunch go ! jay be whisper to Silent Bob , still vex by -- jay and I will tell you another thing : what if that guy show up around the store one day and start tell everybody you and I be poo-gilist ? how be we gonna get any pussy then , hunh ? willenholly ( v.o. ) you be free to leave , sir ! jay and Silent Bob look at each other , shocked . they look back out at willenholly , who 's yard away . jay point at himself , as if to say , " I ? " willenholly ( via bullhorn ) yes , you , sir . jay ( call over ) so we can just go ? willenholly ( via bullhorn ) yes , sir - - or mar 'am . please accept my apology for detain you and you unorthodox - but-constitutionally - protect - family unit . sheriff ( amaze ) un-fuck believable . jay I would like to offer a big gay thank - you , sir . we will tell all we gay friend that Utah be Gay friendly country for gay who be gay . willenholly I be sure Utah appreciate that . you might also want to make it clear that the Federal Wildlife marshal 's Office be also pro - 'mo as well . ( wink at the sheriff ) and might I add , that 's one fine - look boy you be raise . jay well , that 's ' cuz he 's from my sperm . see , I knock up a hot woman friend of ours who I also fuck on the side . so as not to be all - the-way -gay . but my tubby husband here be one hundred percent queer . he love the cock . willenholly he certainly look insatiable . jay ' bye willenholly ' bye jay , silent Bob and Suzanne head off down the road . willenholly and all watch they go . the sheriff be livid . willenholly well , it 's not my way -- but damned if there do not go one happy family . ( balloon two ) now , we just shoot some tear gas into that diner , and when the two guy run out with the monkey , we will -- willenholly suddenly freeze , think . he look to the sheriff . willenholly that be the they , be not it ? ext . road --day jay , Silent Bob and Suzanne be laugh . jay I say you " love the cock " ! I gotta be the craftiest motherfucker alive ! gunshot ring out , and bullet whiz by the trio , who be now in full panic mode . willenholly and the cop race after they , fire . jay , Bob and Suzanne race away , ducking bullet . jay flee , fat - ass , flee !!! ext . dam road --day the trio race across what look like a bridge ( but be not ) , shot still ringing out . jay spot a manhole . he point at it , scream . jay head for the sewer ! Silent Bob pop the cover off , with bullet ricochete all around they , jay leap into the manhole . int . sewer tunnel jay land in a sewer tunnel ( like in the fugitive ) . Suzanne land on top of he . jay take you stinking paw off I , you damn dirty ape ! ( yell up ) yo lunchbox ! hurry up ! ext . dam road --day bullet hit the pavement around he , Silent bob dive into the sewer grate as well , but -- int . sewer tunnel Silent Bob get stick . jay roll he eye . jay you fat fuck . Silent Bob struggle while jay and Suzanne try to pull he through the hole . jay you just -- have to -- order pancake -- do not ya ? ext . dam road --same closer on the run willenholly and sheriff . willenholly Fire a warning shot into that bulbous ass ! sheriff one rectal breach , come up ! int . sewer tunnel --same jay and Suzanne pull with all they might . Bob strain . jay suck it in ! think thin ! think thin !!! ext . dam road --same tight on the sheriff , as he squint to aim . sheriff open up and say " ahhhhh , " you stoner sumbitch -- int . sewer tunnel --same tight on Silent Bob bellow . silent bob aaaaahhhhhhhhh !!! ext . dam road --day the sheriff 's gun fire . int . sewer tunnel --same jay and Suzanne fall backwards , as Silent Bob pop through . jay incoming !!! silent bob aaaiiiggggghhhhhhhh !!! suzanne ooooooooo !!! ext . dam road --day the bullet ricochet off the curb , as Silent Bob 's foot slip through . int . sewer tunnel --same jay , Silent Bob , and Suzanne be in various state of collapse . jay and Bob look up at the hole . jay just like winnie-the-pooh . ext . dam road --day willenholly and the sheriff arrive at the manhole . willenholly wow ! that be a incredibly dare escape ! ( to sheriff ) you must see that a lot , hunh ? sheriff shut up ! willenholly sire , you be very taciturn . willenholly start roll up he sleeve as the sheriff look on . willenholly you and you man stay up here . when I corner they , I will call you for back -up . sheriff what be you do ? they be trap . the only way they can get out of there be right here . willenholly a Federal Wildlife marshal do not wait for he prey to come to he . he come to it . or go to it . be it " come to it " or " go to it " ? ( shake it off ) I be go in there . I be count on you sheriff . willenholly embrace the sheriff . willenholly you have teach I so much . willenholly then climb into the sewer , disappear . the cop look at the sheriff for a beat , who head o.c. say -- sheriff fuck this asshole . let 's go back to the station and get some donut . int . sewer tunnel --day tight on jay , Bob , and Suzanne , look into the distance , bath by natural light . we hear the loud sound of water rush . jay this remind I of the night I fuck you mom , yo . one big - wet , smelly , gape hole , and I wishing I have a board tie to my ass -- pull back to reveal jay , Silent Bob and Suzanne stand at the precipice of the sewer tunnel that poke out of a dam . Water rush below . jay -- to keep from fall in . willenholly put the monkey down and you hand up ! willenholly aim he gun at the trio 's back . willenholly mister , do you wanna get shot ?!? we heroes comply , but jay speak . jay look man -- she doesn't want to go back ! they 're experimenting on her ! ( beat ) and for the record , I ain't really gay ! willenholly I don't care ! ( beat ) and for the record , I know that wasn't really a little boy . jay sure , for one more record -- ( point to Silent Bob ) he love cock ! willenholly on you knee ! jay and Silent Bob face willenholly and kneel . but Suzanne 's still look out of the dam . jay see , man ?! he 's lining we up like fuck circus seal ! well , I be go first -- I do not want no mouthful of monkey - spit when I gotta blow this fuck G - man . tight on Suzanne , who 's look down at the raging water below . her brow harden with purpose . tight on Suzanne 's right hand grab jay 's right hand . tight on Suzanne 's leave hand grab Bob 's leave hand . Suzanne leap forward at we , pull jay and Silent Bob backwards . jay get offa I !!! get offa I !!! ext . dam --day Suzanne leap from the mouth of the tunnel , drag jay and Bob with she . jay and bob aaaaiiiggggghhhhh !!! int . sewer tunnel --day willenholly go wide - eye , holster he gun . willenholly oh , no -- think you can pull a Peter Pan on I ?! he race toward the mouth of the tunnel and leap out as well . willenholly aaaiiigggghhhhh !!! ext . dam --day as willenholly plummet , he pass Suzanne hang by she foot off a pipe that poke out from beneath the mouth of the tunnel . she 's hang upside down , hold jay and Silent Bob 's hand . jay hey law - dog ! see you in hell , cock -- smoker !!! ext . dam bottom --day willenholly plummet toward the water below and ker-splash into the drink . ext . dam --day Suzanne have pull jay and Silent Bob back into the mouth of the tunnel . jay you see that shit ? damn--remind I not to get on the monkey 's bad side . yo -- boost she up . so we can talk , so we can get the fuck out of here . Silent Bob lift Suzanne over the tunnel onto the -- ext . dam road --day -- pavement near the manhole . she sit there , look down . ext . dam --day Silent Bob lift jay over the top of the tunnel toward the road , ext . dam road --day Suzanne sit by the side of the road . a car pull into the shot . jay and Silent Bob climb over the cliff onto the highway just in time to see -- the passenger door slamm on a truck with Los Angeles plate and a sign that read criteer of hollywood . Suzanne be look out the back window wave . jay and Bob leap to they foot , chase after the truck . jay hey ! get the fuck off her , man ! that be my ex-girlfriend's monkey ?! the truck speed away in the distance . jay and Silent Bob stand there , panting . jay man ! who the fuck just steal a monkey ?! Silent Bob indicate themselves . jay oh yeah . ( piss ) well this fuck blow ! we get one more day to stop that fuck from make that movie , and someone go and take the only thing I have leave from the one woman I ever love enough not to try to stick my hand down she pants ! Silent Bob mime that they should go after Suzanne . jay go after the monkey ? how the fuck be we suppose to know where that thing 's go ? Silent Bob mime in the direction the car go . jay stare at he . jay what ? what be that suppose to mean ?! do not just fuck point like -- ( imitate he ) you be not the broad in the Children of a lesser God . use you fuck mouth for more than eat , ya tubby bitch ! Bob start a elaborate pantomime . jay try to guess what he 's say . jay you gotta take a shit ? no -- you gotta take a salad ? take a salad ? what the fuck be you try to say ? Bob 's on the verge of tear , try to mime out he message . jay just fucking say it already ?!? Silent Bob grab jay and scream into he face . silent bob the sign on the back of the car say criteer of hollywood , you dumb fuck !!! Bob release jay , breathe heavily and storm off in the direction of the car go . jay watch he go for a beat , then follow , mutter under he breath -- jay say it , do not spray it , bitch . ext . sheriff' office --day a establishing shot . sheriff ( o.s. ) " and might I add , that 's one fine - look boy you be raise . " int . sheriff' office --day the sheriff and he man stand around , eat donut , laugh . the Station door slam open , and willenholly enter , soaking wet . all the cop stare at he . sheriff well , if it be not the wildlife expert . do you come to it or go to it ? willenholly do you have a microwave here , sheriff ? sheriff we have a toaster oven . why ? willenholly because I need to dry my gun out so I can shoot you with it ! twice ! sheriff this might cheer you up . ( hand he paper ) you office just fax this over . guy there say it 's a post from a Internet chat board , sign by a " jay and Silent Bob . " you man think it 's a lead as to where that fella be take the ape . willenholly ( read ) " all you motherfucker be gonna pay . you be the one who be ball - licker . we be gonna fuck you mother while you watch and cry like little bitch . once we get to Hollywood - - " ( look up ) they be go to Hollywood . ext . hollywood --montage we take a quick visual tour of the city , include the sign , the line of front of krispy kreme , the line in front of coffee bean and tea leaf , the Simpson star in the walk - of - Fame , the Rocky and bullwinkle statue , the beverly Center , Jerry 's famous deli , the Hollywood and vine sign , Mann 's chinese theatre , the Star Wars footprint outside of mann's , the chateau marmont , people on cell phone , trashy lingerie . hookers proposition a potential JOHN , and finally -- ext . hollywood blvd --day we start on the street sign , and pan down to a jeep wrangler that pull up . a gorgeous woman in sunglass drive , with Silent Bob sit in the back seat . after a beat , jay pop up from under the dash , wiping he mouth , look around . the woman sigh , and zip up she pants . jay and Bob hop out and wave to the woman as the car pull away . Bob offer jay a look . jay what ? it 's not like it 's cheating . justice blow up . two hookers approach they . hooker 1 hey , little man . you want some of this ? hooker 2 how about you , Big Boy ? hooker 1 if you have get fifty buck we can get nasty . jay oh yeah ? how nasty ? hooker 2 as nasty as you wanna be , poppie . jay alright -- first , I will want to tongue you bung while you juggle my ball in one hand and play with my asshole with the other . but do not stick you finger in . then . I will wanna pinky you and put it in you friend 's brown , while Silent Bob spanks into a Dixie cup . after that , I will wanna smell you titty , for a while , and you can pull my nutsack up over my dick , so it look like a bullfrog . then I want you to flick at my nut while you friend spanks I into the same Dixie cup Silent Bob jizzed in . then we throw the Dixie cup out . the hooker look at he , dumbfounded , then -- hooker 1 oh , that 's it honey . I quit. ( walk away ) this job just pass the point of no return . hooker 2 ( to jay ) you one fuck up puppy , poppie . jay ( watch they go ) what ?! you say ' nasty ' ? ( shake he head ; to Bob ) man , chick in Hollywood be so stick up . ext . hollywood blvd .--later jay and Silent Bob walk . jay alright , here 's the plan : first , we find out where they be shoot that movie at . after we shut that shit down , we can start look for the monkey . but before we do any of that shit , we gotta find a motherfucker in the know . someone who 's like , the mayor of Hollywood . they pass a dealer lean against a wall , try to make a sale . dealer ( subtly ) crack ? you want some crack ? sweet - ass rock . get you high . jay no man , but you want some weed ? dealer ( beat ) you on the job ? jay ( pull out a card ) yeah , boy . Jersey local 408 . close on the card . it read : UNITED jersey brotherhood of dealer , local 408 . there 's a graphic of a stoner beside it . dealer I be Los Angeles local 305 ! they shake hand , slapping each other on the back like Union brother . dealer you guy get medical in Jersey yet ? jay shit , no , we might have to strike in September . dealer Norma rae like a motherfucker . you got to get you benefit , you know what I be say ? jay I hear that . yo -- maybe you can help we out . you know where they be shoot a movie around here . dealer you in this town and you gonna ask that question ? be a little more specific . jay it 's a miramax flick . we gotta bust it up so people stop call we name on the Internet , even though they be not really talk about we but this character base on we , and at the same time , find my ex- girlfriend - who - got-kill - in - a- car-explosion 's monkey . jay exhales . the Dealer stare at he for a beat . dealer I do not know that the fuck you just say , little kid . but you touch a brother 's heart , so I be gonna help you out with some direction to the studio . jay you know where miramax be at ? dealer fuck , yes . miramax account for seventy - eight percent of my business . int . e! entertainment news --day after e! news logo play . CUT to steve kmetko in studio . steve kmetko be Hollywood ready for jay and Silent Bob ? a source at the Federal Wildlife marshal 's Office tell we a posting be pull off a Internet movie chat board that be allegedly write by the two domestic terrorist themselves . it 's send a shockwave through Hollywood . Jules asner 's on the scene at miramax studios , Jules ? Jules asner be in front of the miramax studios main gate . jule asner Steve , the tenor of tinseltown be one of terror today , after the Federal Wildlife marshal 's Office learn that hot , new terrorist jay and Silent Bob be target miramax studios for they next campaign of blood , violence and monkey - theft . in the posting , pull off Movie poop shoot.com , the gruesome twosome threaten , quote - - ( read ) " once we get to Hollywood and find that miramax expletive - deleted who be make the bluntman and chronic movie , we be gonna make them eat we expletive - deleted , then expletive - deleted , which be make up of we expletive - deleted , then eat they expletive - deleted , which be make up of we expletive - deleted that we make them eat . unquote . so far , we have not be able to get a statement from anyone here be the studio . back to steve in the e! Studio . steve Jules , word have it that Ben affleck and Matt damon be on the lot , shoot a super - secret project . have you see then roam around ? back to jule at miramax studios . jule no , Steve . but I do see casey affleck buy a soda at a concession stand earlier . steve but no sign of jay and Silent Bob ? jule none whatsoever . however , to be fair , all the fed have to work with be murky videotape , so no one 's even a hundred percent sure what jay and Silent Bob look like , exactly . for all we know , they could already be on the lot . as Jules speak , jay and Bob walk into the frame behind she , look up at the studio sign . they then notice the camera and start wave behind Jules . int . seedy motel room --day justice go wide -ey , see jay and Bob on E ! she hop out of she seat . justice oh my God ! jay ! no ! justice look around , panicky . her eye fall on -- the diamond , sit atop the satchel on the table . justice look at the diamond , then the tv screen . she think for a beat , then -- justice fuck it . she pour the diamond into the satchel , and shove it in she pocket . int . seedy motel bedroom --day the door slowly open in the dark bedroom , and justice crawl to the bedside table , reach for a set of key . in the bed , missy and chrissy make out under the sheet , moan . sissy 's bang the pizza Delivery guy against the vanity . justice grab the key , leave a note in they place . as she crawl back out , we push in on the note , which read : sorry , guy -- but I love he . ext . seedy motel parking lot --day the convertible skid out , take off . int . seedy motel hallway --day there 's a loud scream , then sissy , missy , and chrissy rush down the stair ( in varied state of undress and sheet - wrap ) . wiping they mouth . sissy hold justice 's note . sissy that bitch ! that fuck , fuck bitch !!! ( to girl ) get dress . we be go after she . chrissy fuck that , I do not get to cum yet . sissy which be more important to you : a fortune in diamond or busting a nut ? sissy and missy race back up the stair . chrissy stand there still , shrug , then dig she hand into she panty . sissy ( o.s. ) chrissy ! now ! chrissy fuck -- chrissy race back up the stair . ext . miramax studio -day the e! news crew pack up . jay and Silent Bob study the main gate . they watch the security guard approach a car that 's just pull up . the Guard check the driver 's pass , then lift the gate to let the car through . jay look to Bob . jay we gotta play this right . Bob nod , after a beat , the pair tear - ass past the guard booth . the guard leap out of the booth , blow a whistle and give chase . ext . studio lot --day jay and Bob race around the building toward what look like a open alley then smash into it , fall down . the open alley be a background painting that 's be move by some scenic . jay and Bob get up , shaking off the impact . jay I hate how fake Hollywood be . the security guard catch up to they now , grab they by they shoulder , spin they around . security guard where do you think you be go ? jay get offa I ! raaaaape !!! security guard this be L.A. , sir . we do not rape we suspect in custody . we just beat they . ( into walkie- talkie ) echo base , I have get a ten -o- seven here : two unauthorizeds on the lot . request back -up . voice ( from walkie- talkie ) I think that be a ten-eighty - two . security guard no , sir - - a ten-eight - two be the code for vanish a dead hooker from Ben affleck 's trailer . voice ( from walkie- talkie ) oh , that affleck . backup on the way . jay hey ! I make you a deal : this guy will suck you dick off if you let we go ! security guard contrary to what you believe , not everyone in the movie business be gay . jay well , how about this deal : he suck my dick while you watch and jerk off . the Security Guard stop , look around , then release they , reach into he pants . security guard alright . but make be fast . and sexy . Silent Bob look at jay , wide - eye and scared . jay dude , it 's either this or jail . and you know what they make you do in jail . Silent Bob well up with tear , slowly drop to he knee , reach for jay 's pants . the Security guard bend down low to watch at crotch -level . suddenly , jay hammer he two fist into the Security Guard 's neck , knock he out . Silent Bob fall into a sit position on the ground , relieved . jay look at he . jay well what be you wait for , bitch ? start suck . bunnggg ! ( look around ) alright -- where they shoot this movie at ? Silent Bob point behind jay , at the soundstage they be in front of . there 's a line of people wait at the door . jay Worth a shot . like a shot in the mouth , you gay bitch . eww , dude -- you be really gonna suck my dick . Silent Bob shake he head " no , " wide - eye as jay head off . when jay 's out of frame , Silent bob shrug like , " yeah -- I guess I be . " ext . soundstage --day jay and Bob approach the line , as a a.d. call out to the crowd . a.d. alright -- bar extras . follow I . the a.d. start lead the crowd in . jay and Bob blend in and follow inside . ext . highway --day a official - look car tear down the road . int . car --same willenholly drive , dial he cell phone . phone voice Federal Bureau of investigation willenholly yes , this be Federal Wildlife marshal willenholly . can I speak with agent sid enmarty , please ? phone voice one moment , please . int . agent enmarty' office --same agent sid enmarty work at he desk . speaker voice agent enmarty ? a marshal willenholly call . agent sid ( perk up ) Holy shit ! yeah , put he through . ( call off ) yo ! incoming bitch boy phoner ! two other agent rush in , chuckle . all gather around the phone as sid press the speaker button . agent sid willenholly ? begin cross -cutting with willenholly . willenholly sid ? hey , buddy . I be call because I could really use you help on this killer case I be work . agent sid I will bet , will . what 's it this time ... beaver trouble ? some kind of unauthorize marsupial trafficking ? the agent crack up , stifling they laughter . willenholly ( take it in stride ) no , no -- nothing like that . say -- there be not other people listen in , be there ? agent sid no way , man . it 's just I and you talk here . willenholly good . I be tracking a monkey down that 's on it 's way to Los Angeles , and I could use some bureau backup . agent sid Los Angeles , hunh ? maybe we should stake out clint eastwood 's place . do not he use to drive around with a monkey that would punch people and drink beer ? the Agents crack up . willenholly 's catch on . willenholly be , uh -- be I on speaker phone ? agent sid no way -- dunston ! willenholly alright , now that 's not fair . I know I do not make it as high up as you guy , but my job 's just as important . agent sid calm down , will . do not go all ... bananas on we ! the Agents crack up even more , willenholly 's piss . willenholly I come to you as a friend -- as a fellow professional -- and this be the shit I get ?! agent sid you be right , will . tell you what -- we will get we best man on you case right away . you might have hear of he . he 's a doctor . willenholly ( excited ) oh , a doctor ? agent sid his name 's Doctor Zaius ! the Agents laugh hysterically , pound the desk , willenholly tear up , enraged . willenholly screw you guy ! willenholly throw he cell phone across the car , the mock laughter still emit from it . willenholly cry . ext . miramax studio lot --day the Red Light flash outside the soundstage . int . soundstage --same jay and silent Bob stand amidst a line of extras . Silent Bob look o.c. go wide -ey , and poke jay , point o.c . jay look and see -- a college bar set that look like the College bar from good will hunting , complete with clark ( the stuffy college jerk ) . matt damon stand off to the side , loosen up for the scene . BEN affleck call to the o.c. director . BEN where be we take it from , Gus ? Gus Van sant sit off to the side , count a stack of money . he just shrug . gus I be busy . BEN you be a true artist , Gus matt just take it from " it 's a good course . " BEN oh , now you be the director . matt hey , shove it . bounce - boy . let 's remember who talk who into do this shit in the first place . talk I into dogma be one thing , but this -- BEN I be sorry this be take you away from whatever - gay-killer - on-horse - who -like - to-play -golf - touchy -feely - flick you be suppose to be do this week . matt oh -- I be touchy - feely ? I take it you never see force of nature ? BEN you be like a child . what have I be tell you ? sometimes you have gotta do the safe picture . sometimes , you do it for art . sometimes , it 's the payback picture you friend say you owe he -- they take a beat and look at the camera . then -- BEN and sometimes , you go back to the well . matt and sometimes , you do reindeer Games . BEN now that 's just mean . jay turn excitedly to Bob . jay this have gotta be the bluntman flick , ' cause that 's that two fuck from that mork movie ! now all we gotta do be figure out a way to get close to they -- the a.d. grab jay and Bob by the arm and drag they onto the set , place they near Ben and Matt in the scene . a.d. just stand there and react . do not say anything . Bob go a little wide - eye . jay smile at he . jay ( off a.d. 's comment ) that 's pretty funny . a.d. ( call out ) alright , people . lock it up . let 's go for picture . jay and Bob eye Ben and Matt fiercely , Ben and Matt be oblivious . jay on the count of three , we rush that fuck and beat the shit out of them . ' Cause if they be all fuck up , they can not make the move , right ? alright , then . one --two -- clapper / loader ( o.s. ) good will hunting two : hunting season . jay and Bob freeze and look at each other , then o.c . the clapper / loader hold a clapboard in front of Ben 's face . it do indeed , read : good will hunting 2 : hunting season . clapper / loader scene sixteen , take five . the clapper / loader clap the board close and race off . Ben look to gus. BEN action , Gus ? Gus look up from count he money . gus Jesus , Ben -- I say I be busy . Ben shake he head and then start the scene with clark . BEN / chuckie you should check it out , it 's a good course . but , you know , frankly , I find the class rather elementary . clark you know , I do not doubt that it be . I remember that class . it be just between recess and lunch . BEN / chuckie be we gonna have a problem , again ? clark there 's no problem . I be still just hope you might give I some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the Southern colony . see , Wood say -- matt / will ( step in ) what would I say ? do not I say you would be back here regurgitate Gordon Wood . but you forget about vicker -- clark no , I just read vicker , so I be up on inherite wealth , hunting . but you be not the angry , brilliant young mind you once be , just itching to vent you frustration . in the background , jay and Silent Bob get bored and head out of the shot . after a beat , they get push back in by the a.d . clark once Sean tell you it be not you fault , you lose the edge , William . you stop hit the book with a vengeance , and now I have read shit you have not even hear about yet . face fact , my friend -- love make you a soft little pussy boy , unable to stand up to a academic showdown , like you use to . you be just no longer that good -- will hunting . ( get in he face ) now how do you like they apple ? Matt / will turn away angrily , face Ben / chuckie , look downward , steaming . BEN / chuckie I do not like the sound of they apple . will , what be we gonna do now ? matt / will chuckie -- ( snarling ) it 's hunting season . Matt / will spin to face Clark with two huge gun in he hand . he blow Clark away , jay and Bob hit the deck . Matt / will stand there , gun smoking . BEN / chuckie Apple sauce , bitch . suddenly the door to the soundstage swing open , and the Security guard jay knock out rush in , follow by other security guard who comb the place . security guard sorry to interrupt , sir , but have a ten -oh - seven on we hand . BEN wait a second ! I be not with any hooker today ! the Security Guard see jay and Bob crouch behind Ben , he point , scream . security guard there they be ! Ben and Matt turn to jay and Bob , jay smile . jay affleck , you be the bomb in phantom , yo . jay and Bob then race out - of-frame , closely follow by the Security guard . Matt head off , arm throw in the air . matt if anyone 's look for I , I will be in my trailer try to figure out how I get here from a Academy Award . ext . soundstage --day jay and Bob rush out , pull a bench in front of the door , block it . they race ten foot to another soundstage across from they and head inside a door . int . soundstage --same jay and Silent Bob rush in to see -- wes craven get ready to direct a scene with a familiar - look ghostface killer and shannen doherty . the clapper / loader 's clapboard read : scream 4 clapper / loader scream four , scene thirty - seven , take one . ( clap it and rush off ) wes craven action ! the killer chase shannen around the room , fall over stuff , until she hit he with a lamp , knock he out . shannen doherty alright , you bastard ! let 's see who you really be ! shannen pull the mask off the short performer to reveal suzanne . jay and Silent Bob go wide - eye . shannen doherty Fucking miramax -- ( get up ) CUT ! shannen head over to wes , hold the mask . wes craven shannen , usually I say " cut . " shannen doherty a monkey ? Jesus , you guy be not even try anymore , be you ? wes craven the market research suggest that people love monkey . jay and Silent Bob rush in , grab Suzanne . jay we love this monkey ! they rush out . West shrug to shannen . wes craven see ? Security Guards race through , chase after the exite pair . ext . lot --day jay and Bob race through the lot , with Bob carry Suzanne . on a fake New York city street , another movie be shoot . the trio , bob and weave through the shoot , until -- at the end of the alley , a set golf cart pull up , and four Security Guards pile out , form a human wall , block they path . jay and Bob stop dead , look back to see the other Security Guards gain . jay what the fuck be we gonna do ? just then , a p.a. on a bike pull up nearby . he ditch the bike and grab papers from the large hang basket in front . jay and Bob look at each other , race over to the bike , and jump on , put Suzanne in the basket . they start pedale away furiously , closely follow by the Security Guard posse . Silent Bob pedal like mad , racing toward the golf cart . jay punch it !!! Bob pop a wheelie and the bike race up the front of the vehicle , take flight , below , the Security Guards stare in awe as -- jay and Silent Bob atop the bike -- with Suzanne in the front basket -- go past a moon ( on a billboard , on the side of a soundstage ) a la E.T. jay and Bob look down , then at each other . they smile . then they look ahead and let out a scream . the bike crash through a window in the side of a soundstage Building . int . dressing room --day the bike land , and jay and Bob , and Suzanne go tumble onto the floor cover in glass . they look up to see . jame van der beek and jason bigg dress as jay and Silent Bob , look down as they . jame Holy shit -- that look like it hurt . jason be you guy alright ? ( off Suzanne ) hey ! they have get a monkey ! jay and Bob look at they twin , then at each other . jay yo , I think that shit just kick in . jame let 's get you guy on you foot . James and Jason help jay and Silent Bob to they foot . all stare at one another , perplex , then -- jay ( to James ) see man ? its never , " hey - - you be in loser , or , " dude - - you rock in boy and Girls . " it always come back to that fuck pie ! I be haunt by it .! jame well , you put you dick in a pie , dude -- jason enough ! ( to jay ) Jason bigg . jay yo - you really get to third base with the russsian chick like you do in the movie ? jason you mean Shannon ? sadly , no . jay she 's fuck hot , man . if I be you , I would be like -- jay mime a series of sexual maneuver . Jason and James look on , bewilder . jay ( off James 's - look ) what , man ? you never do one of this ? jay start miming again , and suddenly stop , stare at James , blow away . jay Holy shit ? you be the Dawson ! jame it 's James , actually . James Van Der beek . jay yo , what 's up with pacey steal joey away from you ? if I be you , I would have drown he ass in you Creek and shit ! jame I know , because what -- be josh better look than I ? fuck , no . I mean , who on earth be better look that I ? I ask you . jay joey , man ! she 's too fine ! yo -- do you ever get to third base with she ? jame well , there be this one time -- ( catch himself ) wait a second -- who be you guy ?! jason they be we stunt double , dumbass . ( to jay ) right ? jay stunt double for what ? jame the movie we start shoot in a few minute -- bluntman and chronic Strike back . jason ( to Bob ) you be double I . I be play bluntman , aka Silent Bill . jame Bob jason right . and he 's play chronic . aka Ray . jame jay ! shit , do you even read the script ? jason there 's a script ? jay and Bob stare at they , blankly . then jay put up he finger , indicate they should wait a minute . he get into a huddle with Silent Bob and Suzanne . jay this be the guy who be play we , yo . we take they out , and bickety - bam ! no movie . Silent Bob nod at jay , then Suzanne . Suzanne head off , leave jay and Bob to huddle . jason ( off jay and Bob , to James ) what 's with the weird , gay huddle go on over there ? jame what 's gay about it ? it 's two guy talk in a corner . man -- why be you such a homophobe . jason I be not a homophobe . jame you be . you be always call thing gay . " ooo - - look at the gay huddle , dude ! " Suzanne approach they . jason hey -- look at the monkey . jame next you be go to tell I the monkey 's gay . jason he 's so cute -- ( to Suzanne ) c'mere . monkey . c'mere -- Suzanne pull Jason and James out of the frame . while jay and Silent Bob continue to huddle , the sound of a beat be hear , o.c . jay alright , here 's what we do : start swinging , and do not stop until that young Hollywood fuck be out of commission . ready ? break ! jay and Bob spin to face Jason and James -- only to go wide - eye . Suzanne stand atop the fall actor , who be bloody and beat and knock out cold . she hold she hand skyward , clasped like a champion . jay that 's one funky monkey . suddenly there 's a bang at the door of the dress room . voice ( o.s. ) mister bigg ? mister Van ... Der -- beek ? this be Security . we have get a pair of intruder at large , and they crash through a window we think might be yours . jay ( to door ; deepen voice ) uh--yeah . they be in here . security guard do they have you hostage ? should we call you publicist ? jay no ! I mean , we kick that guy ' ass bad . they be -- knock out . ext . dressing room --same the Security Guards stand outside a door mark James . security guard great work , sir ! if you let we in , we will take over -- jay ( o.s. ) ( through door ) no ! I and Jason bigg be naked in here ! together ! the Security guard look at one another . security guard uh--okay . we will just be -- outside the door , sir . the Security Guards stifle a laugh , as one make a blow job face to the rest . int . dressing room --day Bob open a AIR vent in the wall . he put Suzanne into it and hand she the tranquilizer gun , miming to she . she nod , and start crawl through the ductwork , Bob close the vent again , and start rifling through a nearby closet . jay what the fuck be we gonna do ?! how be we gonna get out of here without they see we ? Silent Bob pull a pair of hangere costume from the closet , smile . ext . lot --day the Security Guards push a cuffed Jason and James into a wait cop car . the pair be still dress like jay and Silent Bob . jame you 've got the wrong guy ! jason hey ! don't you recognize I ?! i'm the pie -fucker . security guard ( to cop ) he will be the pie -- in prison . int . soundstage hallway --day jay and Bob creep toward a door ( we do not see the outfit ) . jay this be a good idea , lunchbox . in this outfit we be totally incognito . suddenly , and a.d. appear , grab they by the shoulder . a.d. mister bigg ? mister Van Der beek ? great -- you have change costume already . let 's get you to set . ( pull they off ) the director do not like to be keep wait . int . soundstage --bluntcave set it look like the batcave , but it 's not . off to the side , near the monitor and chair setup , a black director eyeball the hustling , white crew . director look at all this cracker , seventy million dollar and I can not even get a black grip ? a white p.a. bring a cup of latte to the director . p.a. here 's you coffee , sir . director ( eye the coffee ) you spit in this ? because I know all you white folk be piss off that the studio would entrust a multi - million dollar to a brother . p.a. I do not spit in it , sir . director then taste it ! go on ! the p.a. take the cup and sip from it . he try to hand it back to the director . p.a . it 's all good , sir . director no it be not all good . oh , you think I want it now , after you lip touch the cup ? get the fuck off my set ! p.a . you the man , sir . director no you the man ! and that 's the problem ! the director glare at the scared p.a. , as he cautiously skulk off . banky edward approach . banky uh , chaka ? yeah , hi-- I be banky Edwards , the creator of bluntman and chronic . we meet a few week back . I be the executive producer . director / chaka oh -- you be the executive producer , hunh ? well go " produce " I a latte no white folk spit in -- okay fucky ? banky banky . I just want you to know that I respect you work as a artist . I be something of a artist myself . I be the inker on the comic book . chaka a inker ? what , like you trace ? banky 's face drop as the a.d. join they . a.d. bigg and Van Der beek be on the set , chaka . chaka I do not see them . where be they ? ( into bullhorn ) where the fuck be the star of this piece of shit ?! on the bluntcave set , two massive door open in the fake rock . smoke pour in , and jay and Silent Bob - - now dress as bluntman and chronic -- step from the darkness . jay and Bob survey the set , amaze . jay this must have set them back a couple hundred buck . chaka look at this shit . ( off they outfit ) a gay hood ornament , and the color purple . jay who the fuck be you ? chaka who the fuck be I ? I be the fuck director , be who I be . chaka luther King . the creator of all of this . jay wait a sec -- I think Holden and banky create this shit . chaka and I be steal it . I be take it back for all the shit you people have steal from we ! do you know , I come up with the idea for sesame Street before pbs ? I be go to call it n.w.p. -- niggaz with puppet . ( beat ) alright - - enough small talk . let 's shoot it . chaka head back toward he monitor . jay and Bob be confuse . jay wait , wait , wait !! be not you gonna direct we ? chaka I will be direct you to the food stamp line after I fire you ass , if you talk back like that to I again ! jay but we do not know what we be suppose to do here . we do not even read the script . chaka so? neither do I . shit , neither do the studio . ( point o.c . ) look man , it 's not hard . in this scene , the bad guy break into the bluntcave . you make up some shit , fight he for a while , I film it , I yell " cut , " and then head back to my trailer , where I get more white woman wait for I there than the first lifeboat off the Titanic ! ( confidentially ) they all want a part of the movie , and I get just the part for them . jay and Silent Bob go wide - eye , as chaka head off . chaka let' roll with the new ! a.d. ( o.s. ) quiet on the set ! this be a take ! chaka climb behind he monitor . the p.a. be wait for he with another cup of coffee . p.a . I get you another cup of coffee , sir . spit free . chaka smack the coffee out of he hand and sit down . the clapper / loader jump in front of the startle jay and Bob , get ready . after a beat , he turn to Silent Bob . clapper / loader I just wanna say that I love when you fuck that pie . ( call off ) bluntman and chronic strike back , scene thirty - seven , take one ! the clapper / loader shut the clapboard and race off . from behind the monitor , chaka call out -- chaka action ! jay and Bob ( as bluntman and chronic ) look at each other for a beat . then -- jay / chronic uh--snootchie bootchy . suddenly , the wall to they leave explode . jay and Bob hit the deck . through the smoking rubble step cock - knocker -- the arch -- nemesis of bluntman and chronic . he 's a normal - look man with huge , overgrown fist . jay / chronic what the fuck ? cock -knocker you think I would never find you precious bluntcave , do you , hemp knight ? but now you and you sidekick be finally in the grasp of cock - knocker ! jay / chronic why do they call you " cock - knocker " ? cock - knocker slam one of he huge fist into jay 's ball . jay drop to he knee , wail . cock - knocker then pull a vibrator- look device from he cape . he press a button on it and a laser beam rise out of the vibrator , like a light saber . cock-knocker any last word before I bust you ball , bluntman ? Silent Bob quickly look right , then leave . his eye fall on -- a wall of armament , on which hand a silver bong , under the placard : bong saber--extremely experimental . do not use . it 's out of he reach . Silent Bob close he eye , concentrate . he reach he hand out to the bong saber , attempt the jedi mind trick . suddenly , the bong snap from the armory into Bob 's grip . the bong saber blast to life and Bob strike a defensive pose . Bob rush the astonished cock -knocker and the pair start light saber dueling . chaka ( from behind monitor ) damn ! now that be one special effect ! this picture 's gonna make House Party look like House Party two ! a.d. or House Party Three ? chaka shut the fuck up ! cock - knocker battle Bob back . he vogue some impressive blade handle , prompt Bob to make a run for it -- up the ladder of the bong reactor and over cock -knocker 's head . he land behind cock -knocker , strike another pose . cock - knocker then high - kick Bob in the face , knock he on he ass across the floor . cock - knocker rusher over to deliver a saber kill - shot , when we hear -- jay ( o.s. ) yo - bitch -fist ! cock - knocker turn to see -- jay , stand on the rotate monitor station , hold a double -side saber . he click it and two beam emit ( a la the darth maul light saber in episode one ) . jay call I darth ball . bunngg . jay leap at cock -knocker , wield the double - beam bong saber . chaka ( from behind the monitor ) I think George Lucas be go to sue somebody -- ext . soundstage --day willenholly 's car screech up , and willenholly jump with a shotgun . he slide across the hood of the car and land beside the flash red light . willenholly ( look around ) so , this be Hollywood ? ( suddenly full of purpose ) light , camera , action , jay and Silent Bob . willenholly cock he shotgun and head for the door . int . soundstage --day the door burst open , and willenholly charge in , fire two shot , o.c. willenholly freeze you terrorist sonsabitch !!! willenholly go wide -ey . it 's not bluntcave . we be on a different soundstage , where a kid 's movie 's be shot : mooby 's Grand adventure . there 's a barney -size mooby surround by little kide . the kid stare back at willenholly terrify . the mooby suit have smoking bullet hole in it . mooby collapse . willenholly oh my God -- ( to kid ) um --sorry . that be suppose to be a warning shot . uh -- it look like I be on the wrong , uh -- wrong set . the kid look at the fall mooby . on look angrily at the o.c. willenholly . kid you kill mooby -- ( to kid ) let' get he !!! the kid charge willenholly , who scream like a woman as he 's attack . int . soundstage --same jay attack cock -knocker with he bong saber , full throttle . cock-knocker ( break character ) you be not upstage I , Van Der beek ! jay whacks away happily at the actor play cock -knocker , hack he up onto the ladder of the bluntcave 's nuclear reactor . cock - knocker climb the ladder slightly to evade the attack , dueling jay back with the saber in he other hand . cock -knocker ( to o.c. chaka ) chaka --call off dawson ! give I a " CUT " ! on cue , jay deliver a kill - shot to one of cock -knocker 's huge fist , cut it off ( a la Empire ) . Silent Bob join jay , as jay turn off this double - bong saber , jay grin at cock -knocker . jay now whose ball have be bust , bitch ? suddenly , a gun shot ring out . all turn to see a rough - up willenholly , training he gun first on jay , then Bob . willenholly the c.l.i.t. stop here , jay and Silent Bob ! ( revealing badge : call out ) everyone stay calm . I be a Federal Wildlife marshal . this man be the leader of a terrorist organization want for the abduction of a monkey . voice ( o.s. ) they do not really steal that monkey . all turn to see justice approach from the shadow . willenholly train he gun on she . jay 's mouth drop . justice it be just a diversion so we could steal this . justice pull the bag of diamond from she jacket , revealing they . justice and they be not the leader of c.l.i.t. the c.l.i.t. be not real . willenholly no -- the clit 's real . the female orgasm be a myth . justice ( to jay ) be you guy alright ? jay I think you blow up , boo boo Kitty fuck . justice ( smile ) you remember . ( back to business ) it be a frame - up , jay . sissy . missy , chrissy , and I be international jewel thief . we be set you up as a patsy , but I could not go through with it , because I ... because I love you . jay yeah ? so that mean you will fuck I , right ? voice ( o.s. ) if she do , it will be consider necrophilia . all turn to see sissy , missy , and chrissy slinking from the shadow , gun draw . sissy because she 's gonna be one dead bitch . ( to justice ) hi , jussy . we catch you at a bad time ? missy you should have just let this guy go down , jussy . jay hey , I want to go down , but I be wait until I get to know she a little better . see , there be this little angel on my shoulder , and he say -- chrissy shut the fuck up before I shoot you where you stand in you pansy red booty . jay ( look down ) Holy shit , I be wear pansy red booty ! ( to Bob ) man -- why the fuck do not you tell I ? sissy let 's have that diamond , jussy . justice I can not do that , sissy sissy ( point she gun at jay ) then lover -- boy get one in the brain . chaka yo ! all turn to look at chaka . chaka would any of you lovely lady like a private audition to be in my movie ? justice high -kick the gun out of sissy 's hand . it land on the ground discharge . then everyone start shoot and run for cover . jay and Silent Bob hurl themselves over the bluntmobile . missy and chrissy flip over a lavish , exquisitely - pack craft service table label . cast . they pop back up and start fire at willenholly . willenholly leap behind a barren craft service table that hold a bag of smarty and a dent can of rc cola . he pop up and return fire . when both be out of bullet , they drop back down behind the table and reload . from behind he table , willenholly yell -- willenholly why be you shoot at I ?!?! i'm just a federal wildlife marshal !!! chrissy two reason : one -- we're walking , talking bad girl , clich ! missy and two : because you 're a man . willenholly only on the outside ! the Girls and willenholly both pop back up and open fire again . chaka duck behind the monitor . chaka a shitload of white people with gun ? time to get my black ass out of here ! he race off , pass justice and sissy , who circle each other defensively , strike kung fu pose . sissy you really let I down , justice . throw it all away for a little stoner with bad pronunciation . jay ( o.s. ) hey ! justice ( ignore he ) what 's it gonna be , sissy ? which fight style do you want I to kick you ass in ? sissy be you kid I ? I teach you all all you move myself . there 's not a style you can bust that I can not defend against . justice you be no match for my " shaolin monk . " sissy yeah , but I can bury you with my " crouch Tiger . " justice a little " venus 's - - flytrap " ? sissy I will counter with " Dragon crane . " justice how about a little " bitch , my man ai not yo baby 's daddy " ? sissy ( beat ; smile ) bring it on . justice rush sissy and instead of sleek kung fu , they launch into a down - and -dirty , girl 's cat - fight ; hair pull and scream . behind the bluntmobile , jay and Bob watch all the action . jay yo -- I hope one of them rip the other one 's shirt off and we see some tit . both Bob and jay smile at each other , nodd . banky join they , crawl in on he belly , cover he head . banky mister bigg ? mister Van Der beek ? I just want to say hi . I be -- jay banky fuck Edwards ! just the motherfucker we come to see ! banky ( shocked ) Holy shit ! what the fuck be you guy do here ?! sissy have justice on she belly , bang she face into the floor , screeching . jay , Bob , and banky continue . banky stop the movie ?! be you crazy ?! jay all this asshole be call we name on the Internet , ' cause of this stupid movie ! banky I feel for you boy -- I really do . that Net sniper can be really cruel . but miramax pay I a shitload of money for bluntman and chronic , so it occur to I that people bad - mouth you on some web-site be none of my fucking concern ! silent bob oh -- but I think it be . banky stare at Silent Bob , agog , jay roll he eye . jay here we go again -- silent bob shut the fuck up . ( to banky ) we have a deal with you on the comic for likeness rights . and as we be not only the artistic basis but also the character basis for you intellectual property , bluntman and chronic , when we say property be option by miramax film you be legally oblige to secure we permission to transfer the concept to another medium . as you fail to do that , you be in breach of the original contract -- ergo , you find yourself in a very actionable position . banky stare at Bob , even more agog , join by jay . after a beat , jay add -- jay yeah . justice now have the advantage over sissy , hold she head and kick she in the face , repeatedly , scream . banky so , what do you guy want , to go away and take you lady friend with you ? jay shitcan this movie so we do not get call name on the Internet anymore . banky even if there 's no movie , people be still free to talk shit about you on the Internet . that 's what the Internet 's for : slander other anonymously . stop the flick be not go to stop that ! in the background , we see justice high - kick sissy into the air . jay well this be not fair ! we go to Hollywood , I fall in love , we steal a monkey , we get shot at , and get punch in the motherfuck nut ! we be not leave empty-hand ! on cue , sissy drop from above , landing in jay 's lap . jay what 's up baby ? you look good ! banky be not that you girlfriend 's enemy ? jay oh yeah . ( push sissy off he ) get the fuck offa I , pig ! sissy race at justice , leaping atop she , pull she hair . jay , Bob , and banky continue . banky you guy be gonna ruin my movie career . jay well , we want something for we mental anguish . banky tell you what : we will settle this monetarily . I will give you half of what I make . jay half ?!? banky half 's not good enough ? Fine -- I will give you two -third of what I make ! jay fuck-you -- you already say half ? you can not take it back ! Silent Bob roll he eye , banky shake jay 's hand . banky done justice throw sissy off , onto the floor . both get up , face each other . sissy you shit be so tired , justice ! justice call I boo- boo Kitty fuck--bitch ! justice high -kick sissy and she go fly across the stage . sissy sail toward the craft service table , landing atop missy and chrissy , knock they out . willenholly stand to see why the girl stop shoot . willenholly hello ? truce ? ( beat ) I think I kill both of they . suddenly , he let out a shriek and fall forward , revealing a tranquilizer dart in he ass , and suzanne stand behind he , hold the gun up in the air . justice survey she handiwork for a beat , then call off toward the bluntmobile . justice c'mon guy . it 's over . jay , Bob , and banky pop up from behind the car and join she . jay yo , I be just about to jump in there and get you back . then , the SOUND of siren ring out in the distance . jay Holy shit , the cop ! we gotta get out of here ! justice no. I be tired of run . justice lift willenholly into a sit position and tap he face . justice you awake , marshal ? marshal ? willenholly ( try to move but can not ) oh my God , I be paralyze . the monkey shot I in the ass and paralyze I ! oh the irony ! justice ( off Suzanne 's gun ) you be not paralyze . it be just a tranquilizer . willenholly Jesus ! tranqued by a little monkey ! my friend in the Bureau be never gonna let I live this down ! justice you have friend in the f.b.i .? willenholly ( cry ) they all make it in , but I fail the exam . why the hell else do you think I become a Federal Wildlife marshal ? ' Cause I be a joke ! justice look toward the direction of the siren , think . then -- justice maybe not . I can make you a deal that will get you into the f.b.i. , regardless of test score . willenholly what kind of deal ? justice you drop the charge against jay and Silent Bob and say you never find the ape . make sure the world know they be not in control of any c.l.i.t . jay now wait a second -- justice I will explain later , jay ( to willenholly ) in exchange , I will give you the diamond I steal , and turn in sissy , missy , chrissy , and myself . but I want a reduce sentence . willenholly you would be willing to do that ? justice ( off jay ) for he ? I would be willing to do anything . justice stand and take jay by the hand . justice I be a international jewel thief who 's face a jail sentence . jay that 's alright . I be a junkie with a monkey . justice if I go to prison , will you wait for I ? jay I do not know . will we fuck when you get out ? justice smile and kiss jay passionately . the kiss should say it all , but -- jay do not change the subject . will we fuck when you get out ? justice snoogan . justice and jay kiss again . Suzanne reach up to Silent Bob , who pick she up . she grab he face and kiss he . willenholly look to banky . willenholly wow . there 's a lot of love in the room . banky regardless of what you may have hear . I do not kiss guy . ext . soundstage --later justice and jay be still kissing , until willenholly pull she away and load she into the wait cop car . willenholly sorry , justice . we have gotta go . ( to jay : friendly ) hey -- stop steal monkey . jay fuck you . willenholly Fair enough . willenholly close the door behind justice and get in the car . justice ( to jay ) wait for I . jay what --here ? jay look at justice , confuse , as the cruiser pull away , leave jay , Bob , Suzanne , and banky . they start walk down the lot . banky well , boy -- you be rich in love -- ( indicate jay ) well , you be in love . and to top that off , you have get you own monkey . what more could two guy from Jersey possibly want ? jay all that fuck to stop talk shit about we on the Internet , for starter . banky what do I keep tell you ? there 's not much you can do to stop that . well , short of show up at all they house and beat the shit out of they , I guess . jay and Bob suddenly freeze . they look at each other and smile . jay ( to Bob ) you know -- with all that money we be gonna make we can buy a lotta plane ticket . start the jay and bob kickass montage ext . sky --day a passenger jet fly through the sky . ext . suburban STREET --day jay and Bob stand across the street from a house . they check the address on the big ream of paper they be carry , nod at each other , and cross the street . int . house --day the doorbell ring . a mother answer it to see jay and Silent Bob stand in the doorway . mother can I help you ? jay yes. ma'am , do -- ( read of paper ) William dusky live here ? mother yes . he 's my son . jay May we talk to he , please . mother one moment . she walk away . after a beat , a fifteen - year - old kid come to the door . kid yeah ? jay yo -- do you post as -- ( read off paper ) magnolia - fan on Movie poop shoot.com ? kid yeah . jay and do you write " fuck jay and Silent Bob . fuck they up they stupid ass ? kid yeah , a while ago . so ? jay and Bob nod at each other , then grab the kid , pull he outside , and start beat the shit out of he on he front lawn . ext . sky --day the passenger jet fly again , this time in the opposite direction . ext . suburban house --day jay and Bob knock at another door . another mother answer . they speak , she head inside , and another kid come to the door . jay on Movie poop shoot.com . do you say jay and Silent Bob - - ( read off paper ) " -- be fuck clown shoe . if they be real , I would beat the shit out of they for be so stupid . " kid ( chuckle ) yeah . jay really -- again , jay and Bob pull the kid outside and beat the shit out of he . int . convenience store --day jay and Bob beat the shit out of a clerk . ext . apartment build hallway --day jay and Bob beat the shit out of a woman . ext . rectory --day jay and Bob beat the shit out of a priest . int . office --day jay and Bob beat the shit out of a businessman . ext . movie theatre --night the marquee read : jason bigg and jame van der beek be bluntman and chronic ! world premiere ! the front door open and the crowd let out . first we see dante and randal . randal now that be worse then clash of the titan . dante I still can not believe Judy dench play I . randal hey --remind I to renew that restrain order . dante why ? randal because I be gonna blast the flick on the Internet tonight . steve-dave and walt exit . steve-dave why can not Hollywood ever make a decent comic book movie ? walt tell them Steve - Dave ! steve-dave would you stop say that ? alyssa and trish come out . trish well , that be just another paean to male adolescence and its refusal to grow up . alyssa yeah , sis -- but it be better than mallrat . at least Holden have the good sense to keep he name off of it . trish why would not miramax option he other comic instead ? you know -- the one he draw about you and he and you relationship ? alyssa you mean Chasing Amy ? that would never work as a movie . banky and hooper exit . banky I be so fuck embarrassed -- hooper honey , you should be . they take you character and reduce they to one ninety - minute - long - gay joke . it be like watch batman and Robin again . banky thanks . that mean a lot come from the guy who pretend to be shaft as oppose to the guy who take shaft . hooper I do not hear you complain nightly . in fact , the only thing I do hear you say be " yes , hooper ! cradle the ball and work the shaft ! " banky ( look around ) hey ! hey ! what would we say ? not in public ! a guy behind they call out to bank . guy Nice movie , you fuck tracer ! banky ( recognize he ) you --! guy that 's right , you sonovabitch ! I be back for round two ! banky grab the guy by the throat and start choke he , while hooper try to break they up . willenholly exit with justice in hand - and leg cuff and a prison uniform . they be flanke by two armed prison guard . willenholly you know , I do not get out to the movie much . but I would have to say bluntman and chronic be blunt-tastic ! justice be this leg cuff really necessary ? willenholly do not make I shoot you , justice . and finally , jay and Silent Bob come out . jay yo ! the party' across the STREET , featuring the greatest band in the world : morris day and the time !!! whip pan to Morris day and the time on stage , perform " the Bird . " during the song , Morris point to -- jay and Bob , who be dance with Suzanne and justice ( who 's still in cuff , flanke by the Guards ) . jay look to Bob , they nod at each other and -- jay and Silent Bob , join Morris Day and the time onstage , and dance we out to the coda , which read -- coda bluntman and chronic Strike back go on to make a mere 2.3 million at the box office . it be the biggest commercial failure in the history of miramax film . the film be roundly drubbed as a bad idea by the denizen of the Internet chat board , and over the course of the next year , while they wait for the Quick stop restrain order to expire , jay and Silent Bob track they all down and beat the shit out of they . credit . then -- int . nowhere a familiar woman close a book that 's mark : the view askewniverse . she put the book down , smile at we and skip off . the end