jeeper creeper by Victor salva revise draft 8/21/99 wga registration # 757904 ext . lonely country road . day . a empty ribbon of asphalt . winding through a endless stretch of meadow and farmland . for a long moment , silence . then , a distant speck . a car move toward we . a SOUND approaching with it now . a radio blaring and two raised voice singing with it . trisha jame be a beautiful girl of twenty . Hair blow in the breeze of the open passenger window . she sing out , bang the side of the car with she hand . keeping the beat of the boisterous rock song . she sing with young brother darry . nineteen . attractive like he sister . lighter hair . softer look . strike eye . Voice raise as they speed along . try to swallow up the road as quickly as possible . the backseat have a couple of suitcase and a large basket wrap in a garbage bag . the song come to a end as darry fly through a abandon intersection . trish that be a stop sign . darry you be kid , right ? trish in you car I would be kid . darry you think we be actually gonna run into anyone else on this road ? relax ! ( turn the radio louder , shout over it ) enjoy the countryside ! the angry music wailing and the car blast down the tranquil road . we watch as it head for what seem like infinity . ext . lonely country road . day . some time later . darry okay , here come ... trish and darry slow down now . come up on a camper / trailer . brother and sister stare at the license plate : jeeper creeper 2 darry ( cont would ) ( read it loudly ) " six a forever ! " ( grin ) that 's mine ! that 's five to five . tied up . trish what do it mean ? ( off he look ) " six a forever " what do it mean ? darry I do not know . trish ' Cause it say " sexy forever " , stupid , that 's mine . that 's five to four . darry since when do you start ace - ing I at this game ? trish since you be ten . it involve English and read . darry gun the engine . go into the oncoming lane to pass the camper / trailer . trish ( cont would ) come on , darry . they pass the cab of the truck . a old man of sixty behind the wheel . his wife next to he . he glare down at trish and darry as they pass he . darry sexy forever huh ? trish you know that be you in forty year . darry note to self : die young . ( check he rearview ) any place but here on this unbelievably endless road . jeeper creeper 3 trish you wanna be suck in exhaust fume on the interstate ? darry no I love stop at train track every ten minute . no further comment from big sister . she 's suddenly some place else . darry ( cont would ) you know there 's usually a reason when you like the long way home . trish gee like , maybe I like the country ? darry ( mock sincerity ) okay . trish just drive , brat . darry I be only think the same thing mom and dad be gonna be think : how come you be drive home for spring break with baby brother ? not head off somewhere with " Mr . poly -sci-track - team - guy " ? trish and I '11 tell you what I would tell they : none of you goddamn business - woooonnnnkkkkkk ! !!!! a dark van have suddenly lurched behind they blaring its horn . darry ( swerve a little ) Jesus ! the van be tailgate they at a alarming velocity . rattling and shimmy it be so old and distress . jeeper creeper 4 trish darry ! darry what 's this guy try to do ?! he try to find the driver in the rearview . the Van 's windshield be heavily tinted . trish just get out of he way ! darry he 's nut ! trish ( emphatically ) get out of he way , darry ! darry swerve into the oncoming lane and the van tear forward . blast toward the distant horizon . both brother and sister watch breathless . catch its rusting and personalize license plate : trish ( cont would ) Jesus ! darry ( back in the right lane ) shit ! trish what the Hell be he problem ? darry my first guess : inbreed ! he have shout this last word out the window toward the distant van . darry ( cont would ) get a load of that thing ? vehicle of choice for five out of ten serial killer . brother and sister still try to catch they breath as the van disappear over a distant rise . trish God you know what I just think of , right ? jeeper creeper darry Kenny and Darla . ( off trish 's nod ) they die about a hundred mile from here . trish it be the same highway . darry this highway run the length of the State . trish you think it really happen ? darry that they have to go look for she head ? trish no that they never find she . or he . they only find the car . darry no , they never find she head . they find the car but they could not find he or she head . trish look at I ... ( hold out she hand ) I be still shaking . darry you do not think every generation have they cautionary tale of drink and drive on prom night ? trish I always hear it be real . that they be class of ' 80 . after I hear that story , I use to think this be the highway i_ would die on . darry quite the cheery thinker , today . what do " poly -sci guy do to you anyway ? jeeper creeper 6 she be not listen . thought elsewhere again . darry ( cont would ) '' beating you " ( off she look ) that be the license plate on the van : b-e-a-t-n-g-u " . ( turn to she ) '' beating you " , that 's five to five . that tie we up . trish you can not call it now . darry my ass ... trish you have to call it when you see it ! darry I be in shock ! the jangling bell of a railroad crossing ahead . darry ( cont would ) you know I do not remember there be so many rule to this game . trish and darry slow as the bell ring and the bar lower . darry ( cont would ) ' course when there be , you be the one make ‘em . Little miss junior Nazi with the barbie doll and the easy bake oven ... darry look down the track . see the small cargo train approach . revs the engine . trish do not you dare . ( off he look ) my car . trish sniff . smell something . look in the backseat . the big thing cover in a trash bag . she lift the plastic : a full laundry basket . jeeper creeper 7 trish ( cont would ) you be a class act , you know that ? darry hey you live off campus . ( she just stare at he ) you ever try and do laundry in a dorm ? what they do not steal they dye pink for you . I have get twelve pair of rosey - pink jockey short . trish maybe they know something about you , you do not . she take the deodorizer hang off the rearview mirror and stuff it in the bag . trish ( cont would ) hi mom , have not see you forever , here 's my dirty short . the train be upon they now . he shout over the din . darry its for she , not I . I have to bring home laundry . I do not , she get depressed . like she think I do not need she anymore or something . trish 's look say she be not buy it . the short train roar past . leave the car wait for bell to stop and the bar to rise . trish you talk to she lately ? darry to tell she I would be home for break . trish she sound like anything be go on ? darry throw she a look . trish ( impatient ) do you listen to she voice ? jeeper creeper 8 darry specify please . trish I think maybe something 's wrong . ( off he look ) I do not think they be tell we . ( off he continue look ) like you would notice anything past the point of you own selfish little existence . the bar go up and the car fly over the track . continue its trek down the two-lane . darry if mom and dad be gonna get a divorce do not you think they would have do it by now ? trish no I think they would have wait till we be both grow and off at school . darry whatever . trish she 's not happy . not even a little bit . not like she use to be . darry who be ? ( spot something ) hey ... they be drive past a old abandon church set back from the road . darry ( cont would ) you see it ? her sister peer past he . in the church 's side yard , the old van be park . the one that almost run they off the road . darry ( cont would ) it 's " beating you " . trish what 's he do ? jeeper creeper 9 but what they both see now be something much more ominous : a tall , dark figure drop something large and oblong down a old drainage pipe in the back of the church . darry what the Hell be that ... the oblong object be go in a instant . swallow up by the large mouth of the old protrude pipe . the kid 's view block now by the church . trish do not slow down ! darry you think he see we ? trish what the Hell be he do ? darry he dumped something down that pipe . trish wrapped in a sheet . darry wrapped and roped in a sheet . trish wrapped and roped in a sheet with red stain on it . both of they study the rearview mirror now . trish ( cont would ) vehicle of choice for five out of ten what ? darry gun the engine . darry I do not think he see we . trish do not get we kill . darry you see he ? both watch the old church get smaller in they view . jeeper creeper 10 trish nope . someone appear high on the old roof . stand next to the sagging steeple . darry what the - appear so suddenly it could almost be the figure have leapt up there . darry stare at this , perplex . darry ( cont would ) you see that ? she have not . just the distant figure on the roof , look after they . some kind of long coat flap in the wind like a cape . trish just get we out of here darry ! the figure drop from view as quickly as he appear . a glance between brother and sister and darry increase speed . darry grab my cell phone ! trish where ? darry in the gym bag ! trish start rummage . find the cell phone . flip it open . power it up . stare back at the church . the phone give out a low battery alert . trish the point of have a portable phone idiot , be so that it work when you need it . darry I have a power cable for it ! trish ( stuff the phone back in the bag ) ( more ) jeeper creeper 11 trish ( cont would ) and I have a cigarette lighter that do not work ! darry I tell you we shoulda’ take my car ! trish pale . stare out the back . in the distance the dark van be now leave the old church and take the road again . trish oh Jesus ... head toward they . darry ( in the rearview ) you gotta be kid I ... they can hear the van' distant engine be gunned .... darry floor it , the little car rip down the highway as the old van swoops after it - look like a dark bird of prey . darry stare down at the speedometer . he 's up to ninety and the little car be start to shake . darry check the rearview mirror . the van still gain . darry what the Hell 's he get in that thing ? he 's get it supe up or something - the car speed down the two lane try desperately to keep distance , but the van continue to gain - scream toward they . trish darry !!! he 's right on we ass !!! darry I can see he ! the van be only a few yard from they now . darry 's foot slamm the pedal to the metal . he and she stare back at the van 's tinted windshield . glint in the sun . no driver can be see . jeeper creeper 12 darry ( cont would ) hang on - trish darry - darry I be gonna try something . trish darry do not kill we ... he be stare up ahead at a gravel road that shoot sharply off the highway . just as the van lurch up to they rear bumper - its dark face and grill fill the rear and sideview mirror . trish ( cont would ) darry what be you do ? darry Jesus Christ - bam ! the van slam the back of the car . at its top speed , the car shimmy and shake . darry weave in and out of the oncoming lane several time before regain control . darry ( cont would ) I do not believe this - woooonnnnkkkkkk ! !!!! the horn from the van blare - but it be a sound they have never hear come from a auto before . this could almost be the deep , guttural sound of a wail beast . trish what the Hell do he want ?! ( scream out the back ) be you out of you fuck mind ?!!! wham ! the van hit the back of the sedan again . darry Christ ! darry almost in tear . try desperately to control the car as it cross the oncoming lane and roughly lurch onto the dirt shoulder . jeeper creeper 13 the sedan shake violently as darry try to get it back onto asphalt again . his sister scream -a big ditch dead ahead . darry grapples the wheel and as the sedan spit up dirt , he swing the car back onto asphalt again . the van tail they across the oncoming lane and back across the highway . woooonnnkkkkk ! !! the strange , brutal horn wail again . darry be almost up to the gravel road that shoot off the two lane . darry ( cont would ) hang on ! trish just stare at she brother . the boy be shake . eye full of fear . she look back at the van . it be charge ahead at they again . trish what the fuck be the matter with you ?!!!! whamm !!! struck again from behind - darry really lose control . tries to swing onto the gravel roadway - but leave the two lane at a terrifying speed , unable to negotiate the sharp turn . blast through a wooden fence and into a open field . darry slam on he brake as they rocket into tall grass . the windshield be whipped with grass as the car 's brake lock up and the vehicle continue to fly forward . a cloud of bird flutter out of the deep grass in front of they as inside the car , brother and sister be toss around like ragdolls . trish try desperately to fasten she seatbelt . darry just lean into that brake . trish ( cont would ) goddammitt !!! the car swing around and stop . jostle to a halt in some even taller grass and bring a sudden and eerie silence . only the breathe of brother and sister can be hear inside the car . jeeper creeper 14 that and the sound of the van 's engine pound away in the distance . out trish 's dirtied window , she can see the highway through the grass . she and darry stare out . the old van be not even slow . continue at its terrifying speed down the two lane . brother and sister stare after it . breathless as it disappear in the distance . they look at each other . both seem to be intact . without a word , darry open the car door . in some kind of shock . take a step out . another gaggle of bird suddenly flapping there wing . blast out from deep grass beyond darry . scare the shit out of he . darry you fucker ! pick up a rock . throw it at they ascend cloud . need to take out he anger and frustration . pick up another one . look over at he sister . trish be stand now , stare out at the highway . the van long go . darry ( cont would ) still like the country ? she turn and look at he . darry ( cont would ) the next time poly - sci guy piss you off I be gonna kick he fuck ass ! trish just look at the car , surround by the tall grass . ext . gravel road . day . minute later . dirtied and scrape , the small car emerge slowly from the tall grass . trish behind the wheel now . darry look out the passenger window . they back out of the field . through the open in the wooden fence that they make go in . Roll the car onto the gravel drive . jeeper creeper 15 point again toward the highway , trish gun the engine but do not move . look to she brother . darry sound alright , I guess . trish like either of we would know . darry ( defend he manhood ) I know a little . trish when you car make a strange noise you just buy a new tape darry , that 's what you tell I . darry told you ? I learn it from you ! trish asshole . darry bitch . trish mama 's boy . darry daddy 's whore . trish Dick licker . darry Ball sniffer . trish ass kisser . darry butt picker . trish hah ! repeat ! ass and butt ! you lose . look over at trish and smile . she too . they need a smile about now . jeeper creeper 16 trish roll to the end of the gravel drive . stop at the highway . look both way . darry 's hand on the wheel suddenly . darry I be think past the point of my own selfish little existence now , okay ? what if that really be a person he dumped down that pipe ? what if it be someone still alive ? trish just stare at she brother . darry ( cont would ) someone who need help but do not get it . or do not get it ' till it 's too late . trish we can get help just as fast by get to a phone - darry you know how far we be from the nearest pay phone ? trish be this you idea of a adventure or something ? ' Cause this be why girl be smarter , okay ? darry hey we almost get kill ! you do not wanna even find out why ?! she be not want or like this . darry ( cont would ) we look in the pipe . that 's all we do . ( off she look ) we look in the pipe and if there 's nothing there or nothing we can do , we just drive on home and call the cop . trish stare unwilling . jeeper creeper 17 darry ( cont would ) you know I be right . trish bullshit I do ! darry look I straight in the eye and tell I I be not right . she will not look at he . he know he have she now . darry ( cont would ) come on , right in the eye . she turn and glare at he as she throw the car in gear . trish I be not get out of the car . darry smile . trish head out onto the highway . back toward the old church . ext . old church . late day . minute later . the car stop on the empty two - lane just before the old church . darry and trish regard it . check the rearview too . empty road . empty church yard . trish every bone in my body be tell I not to do this . darry where would man be if they spend they life listen to woman 's body ? she give he a look . roll into the drive . the old church be sagging and gray and have not be a place of worship in many year . they drive around the side . both stare up at the old steeple . and the three black crow perch on the cross where one arm have rotted off . the back of the place be cover in soil . no parking lot . just moist dirt and leave . mulch . and ahead , through the windshield , the large drain pipe stick out of the ground . trish drive slowly toward it . stop a few yard away . look at she brother . suddenly darry do not look so brave either . jeeper creeper 18 darry I be just gonna look . trish you look like you be gonna puke . darry open the car door . get out . look out to the highway . then the surround wood in back of the church . no one . move toward the old pipe when the sound of he sister turn he head . trish let 's do this and do it fast . they approach the pipe warily . it be corrugate metal and stick out of the ground about three foot . angle into the ground , its jag metal mouth be about three foot wide . darry drainage pipe or something ? trish and darry stare down the dark tunnel . a breeze come out of it . and a terrible stench ... trish oh my God ... she cover she mouth and stare at she brother . darry that breeze have to come from somewhere . trish somewhere rank . darry do not look like a sewer pipe . trish come on darry ! we can not see anything down there ! darry ( nod to the car ) you gotta flashlight ? she throw he a cold look . move back to the car . darry stare down into the pitch . jeeper creeper 19 darry hello ? listen to he echo . darry anybody down there ? again he voice rebound . look back toward the car when the smallest of sound drift up the pipe . darry whirl back to it . stare in . somewhere down in the dark , a murmur . a soft , muffled , human SOUND . darry hello ? ( to trish ) hurry up ! trish bring the flashlight . darry grab it out of she hand . shine it down the long length of metal . darry hello ?! ( off she look ) there 's someone down there ! I just hear they ! ( again into the dark ) hello ?! the light reveal dark earth at the bottom of the pipe . some twenty - five foot down . trish you be hearing thing . darry test the strength of the pipe . it be anchore solidly in the ground . trish darry , do not even think about it . he hoist himself up into the mouth . darry I tell you I hear someone ! crouched inside the pipe , he stare down . hold the flashlight with one hand and the lip of the tube with the other . jeeper creeper trish you know the part in scary movie where somebody do something really stupid and everybody hate they for it ? ( off he look ) this be it ! a small , scuffling sound from below . trish hear this . darry stare down the tunnel , darkness with the flashlight . look back at she . expression ask she do you hear that ?! now worm he way further into the open of trish no darry ! darry let I slide down - trish goddamnitt darry just let I get a little way in - trish you be not go down there ! darry I be not ! just hold my foot . 20 rake the his the tunnel . as he lay down inside the tube , flashlight extend , trish grab she brother 's ankle . darry anybody down there ? trish God when be the last time you wash any sock ? darry I see something ! he strain to look back at she . trish too scared to comment . darry ( shout down again ) hello ? jeeper creeper 21 trish I be count to ten darry . darry something 's move down there ... trish then I be let go and go back to my car - darry quiet ! ( peer forward ) I just see it again . something be definitely move down here - move alright - directly into darry 's flashlight beam . two terrified rat - darting directly at he . darry abbhhh !!!!! trish darry !!!!! darry rat !!!! the rodent run right up over he shoulder . he scream . thrashes . they scurry onto he back . rushing up ... trish ( try to keep hold of he kick foot ) it 's what ?! darry it 's rat !!!! but he do not need to tell she . the rat run right at she now ! one down each of darry 's leg ! trish scream - release she brother 's still thrashing foot . it 's a tie who scream louder : trisha stumbling back as the rat leap to the ground - or brother darry as he slide all the way down the large pipe . a great thud below . trish charge toward the pipe as the rodent scurry into the leave . trish darry !? jeeper creeper 22 her voice echoe into darkness as she stare down . trish darry ?! darry owww ! fell right on my head . int . subterranean room . church . late day . same time . darry rub he neck . wince in the dark . rust and dust trickle down from the pipe . he sit in the dim pool of daylight from above . squint up into it . darry why would you let go ?! trish how the Hell be you gonna get out of there , idiot ! darry stand slowly . look up the drain pipe . darry I can climb out , relax you crack . he bend and grope for the flashlight outside the circle of light . find it . switch it on . the first thing the light hit , be the edge of something wrap in a bloody sheet . darry stop . this be what they see be dumped down the tube . trish darry ? brother do not answer . take a terrify step toward it . trish do it then , climb out please . there can be no question it be a body . blood stain on the head and midsection . sheet around it . tied with rope at the neck and ankle . darry say not so , sis . jeeper creeper 23 trish h ( peer down ) what ? darry ( to himself now ) say not so ... he bend to it . Studies the head as he pale . darry hello ? feel like a idiot talk to it . but do anyway . darry do I hear you down here ? no response . swallow . have no choice but to touch it . gently on the arm . pushes it . test it . trish darry what in the Holy Hell be you do down there ?! darry I find we body . trish you find what ? darry still stare at . paling . darry I find the body . darry start to get up . grab ! by a hand ! darry wail . lurch away from it , stumbling back . the body be move under its bloody sheet . twitch . try to breathe . darry oh God ! trish darry ? darry oh God !!! darry dash toward it . crashes to he knee . start tear at the sheet around its head . jeeper creeper 24 the sheet be suck in and out around the mouth now . it be gasp for air . darry try to tear the sheet . to get a grip on it . the body thrashes . finally - rippppppp !!!!!! the sheet tear away and darry stare down in shock . it be a young man . about he age . deathly gray . mouth open in mute agony . eye wide . blink up at he . darry can only stare in terror . he do not know what to do . frantically grab the sheet . tear it the rest of the way down the body -stopp abruptly . the young man 's bare body have a incision of ugly black stitches -- all the way from the navel to the neck . darry think he might be sick . look up into that wide eye . what in God 's name do someone do to you ? both boy stare at each other helplessly . trish darry ? darry ( can whisper back ) trish ... the boy 's dry , blue lip be open . the Adam 's apple bob as he try to swallow . darry crazy with fear , lean down . his ear at the boy 's lip as they part again . darry what ? a whisper word come out of he mouth . choke . raspy . unintelligible . darry what do you say ? but no more sound come . nor breathe . darry stare wide - eye . almost catatonic . back off he . slowly . trish I be up here all goddamn alone little brother ! now get you ass up here , it be get dark ! jeeper creeper 25 her angry voice echoe down . darry move to the puddle of light and look up at she . trish be she dead ? darry he. trish come on , before that guy come back ! darry nod . go to hoist a foot up into the tube but stop . his flashlight have sweep over something else outside the aura of daylight . he throw the light along the damp earth , past the lifeless body of the boy and over to ... two more bloody , sheet - wrap body . pile on top of each other . darry in shock ... stare numbly at they . swallow . start to shake he head ' no ' . can not accept this . will not accept this . darry charge now , back toward the pool of daylight . ext . old church . late day . same time . above , trish see he hoist himself into the tube and start a furious , frighten climb toward daylight . darry darry ? a climb so violent the pipe rock and shimmy . rivulets of soot and rust trickle down the metal surface . trish what 's the matter ... but little brother be not answer . just clamoring desperately to get back up top and away from this place forever ... halfway up he slip . the pipe groans as he try to get new foot . trish be careful ! jeeper creeper 26 he look up at she . his face be dirty and he eye wide with child - like horror . trish this whole thing be move ... he catch he breath , still stare up at she . trish say something darry , you be scare the shit out of I ! darry start up again . his sister reach down toward he : slow crane up : move above the pipe and above the church . High enough to look down the lonely two - lane : and see a van head toward they in the distance ... darry reach up for he sister 's hand as the pipe shriek again . more soot dislodge . running past he . trish shhh !!! she hear the approaching engine . look down at little brother . trish someone 's come ... ( off he look ) someone 's come !!! in a new panic he grab trish 's hand . with a concerted effort big sis pull little brother up to the mouth of the pipe . trish ( try to look behind she ) hurry !!!! wrrannkkkkk ! !!! the pipe make a new , shriller kind of SOUND ... and darry can feel the entire thing shift . really clutching he sister 's hand now . grab the lip of the pipe with the other . but a piece of its jag , tear metal stab into he palm . he yell . retract he hand violently . lose he foot . slide out of trish 's grip . down he go again . thrash all the way . trish darry ! jeeper creeper 27 get he foot halfway down . examine the gash in he hand when ping ! ping ! just beneath he sneaker , the rusty weld hold the length of the pipe together - snap ! darry in the middle of the tube . stare up at he sister with wide eye . as a low , aching metal groan begins , build quickly .... darry scramble up toward the mouth as he realize what be about to happen . almost to the top when the bottom half of the massive tube fall away . darry slide down again with the great jolt . both he and the pipe plummete down into the darkness in a great cacophony of sound and dust . trish darrrrry ! tries to see through the cloud of dust that shoot up out of the tube as the SOUND of the approaching van get louder . she whirl toward the highway . dash toward she car . huddle in front of it . peer around the leave front wheel . her heart racing . the van come into view ... but not a dark van . this be another , new van . and it continue down the two - lane without ever stop . int . subterranean room . church . dusk . moment later . darry sit on the ground against the fall half of the pipe stare at the gash in he hand . stare up with trish 's voice . trish it be not he . darry you know you really suck ! ( stand , hold he arm ) in the moment of truth you really do not know how to hang on do you ? you just suck - trish you be the one who want to come back here and have a little adventure ! jeeper creeper 28 darry be stare over at the body . the two still in sheet . he stare up at he sister again . trish well I hope there 's another way outta there . darry _ ( angry ) well it 's a church basement so I be guess the church ! the sagging old church . especially forbode as she regards it . trish you do not think I be go in there ? darry you have to stay out front and watch for people . ( off she look ) you see anyone ? flag ‘em down ! tell ‘em to get the cop out here right away ! trish like this less and less . darry I be gonna find a way up . he start to move off but call she again . darry trish ? ( off she look ) you see that van come , you get back to this pipe and holler down as loud as you can . now she could not like the whole idea less . darry stare at that body again . darry I gotta find the flashlight . trish hurry to the car . keeping a eye on the old highway . she get in . start the engine . jeeper creeper 29 int . subterranean room . late day . same time . darry take the flashlight out from under the fall length of pipe . tries it . it still work . letting he light lead he , he move forward .. ahead : the other two body . pile together . this bloodstain be darker . browner . how long have they be down here ? darry draw in a breath . the smell be get putrid . in the same moment he light ascend . there be word over he head . a epitaph , spell out in bone : where there's a hell there's a way darry really get a chill now . do not want to wonder if that be human bone . arrange as they be , on a high arch that lead into a larger , darker subterranean room . where a hand be stick out of the wall . his light fall over it . the skin on its splay finger look petrify . be this a human hand ? no question : the rest of the body be part of the wall . skin leather with age . like beef jerky . teeth infect with termite ... head back , mouth open in a scream long go silent . a body in a wall . but more light reveal more horror . a wall of body . darry oh no ... oh God ... darry step forward , knee shaking . the vast room ahead , be wall with dozen of this mount corpse . Men and woman of all age . body after body . stitched together in a hideous tapestry . large stitches . identical to that just uncover beneath that bloody sheet . jeeper creeper 30 darry swing the light to the other side of the chamber . another grotesque mural of the dead , extend deep into the darkness ahead ... God how many body be down here ? darry move forward - draw by he own need to prove none of this can possibly be real ! some body be turn away . skeletal head look back over they shoulder - petrify backside show more stitches . several be as armless as the venus demilo . some miss other limb . head . feet. genital . darry 's grow repulsion move he faster - how big be this room ? feel like a football field ... deeper along the hideous wall , darry turn abruptly . two withere corpse in the tapestry . on the finger of one : a large ring . a old varsity ring . his beam reflect off its dusty jewele surface . darry stare at it with unquestionable recognition . look slowly to the corpse beside it . a girl ? once ? her incision be all around she neck . as if she head have be severe and then sewn back on . ext . old church . dusk . same time . trish park at the corner of the old church . keeping a eye on both direction of the empty two lane . watch the long shadow as the sun drop . feel something creep over she . look up . the sun be drop behind the steeple of the church , the shadow of the tower slowly fall on she . she sit anxious in its grow darkness . int . subterranean room . church . dusk . same time . the same below : darry stare back at the distant archway and the die sunlight . look ahead at the cavern of the dead . the ambient light fade away over all that twisted face ... this place be get really dark . jeeper creeper 31 darry take a breath and move forward quickly . not quite run . the darkness will not allow this . but walk as quickly as he ever have ... the deeper he get , the fresher the body . they no longer have the withere face and skin like apple doll . they have be a part of the wall for less time . darry move faster . almost run . grimace face of the dead , gape mouth of mute agony shouting he on . now practically sprinting through this corridor of death . tries to keep he eye straight ahead . do not want to look at they . tries not to ... steal a look to one side . look back and whammm !!!! run directly into someone reach out for he ! darry have fall and scream . back up on all four . stop . the figure reach out be just another corpse on a new wall in front of he . he have finally arrive at the end of this horrible room . between this corpse and another , darry can see hinge . darry you be fuck kid I ... this withere corpse , with he outstretch hand be a door . he look at the hand . the handle ? this be what I have to pull to get out of here ? he swallow , draw a breath and reach out . avoid the leathery finger and take the forearm . get he grip . pull ! the door do not move ! darry can not believe what he 's do . get a tighter grip and pull again ! hard ! this door have not be open in year . reaches out again - when the corpse ' head turn toward he .... with its empty eye and gape mouth ! darry leap away . stare terrify . but the head have only be jarre loose . it fall now , right off the neck . hang by a leathery strand of flesh . jeeper creeper 32 this be enough ! darry reach out . yank with all he might on the forearm of the headless man and in a terrible frenzy dislodge the door . it come off its hinge and topple toward darry - corpse and all . the door be heavy and it hit hard - but not as hard as darry hit the ground . the corpse fall on top of he - the head still attach by some brittle tendon , nuzzle into he shoulder . darry do not have time to scream -he throw the door off he and scramble forward , through the dark open doorway and up some dusty step beyond . climb and scream . scream and climb . and climb some more ... ext . old church . night . moment later . down the highway , two headlight appear . trish instantly afraid . stare down at they . could this be he ? trish look at the church . where the Hell be he ? the headlight closer now . the vehicle be big . the van ? she be suddenly unreasonable with panic . do not know what to do . -- the light of the oncoming vehicle start to show on she face . she duck . below the dashboard . can hear the engine . heavy like the van . light spilling across the dash now . she reach up from below . turn the key . the engine will not turn over . light really bright now . almost upon she . turn the key again . goddamn thing will not start ! trish 's eye start to well . Light fill the interior of the car . the engine finally spark . she be ready . but the light be pass now . and she peek over the dash at nothing but a old pick up continue on down the highway . trish sit up - scream !!! someone at her window . staring in . dark face . wide eye etched in the dying light of the passing truck . jeeper creeper 33 darry . almost comatose , stare in at she . trish goddammit darry !!!! he just stare . trish you asshole ! see that something be very wrong . Little brother just stare back . ext . lonely country road . night . minute later . trish drive in silence . the highway rush past they . keeps throw look at she brother . still as a statue . face dirty . bloody hand wrap in a piece of tear T shirt . eye stare ahead . oncome headlight now . both brother and sister study they . another truck . it rush past . a sign up ahead : @ '' she watch it fly by . look to he again . trish would you please just say something ?! ( no response ) I mean it darry , you be scare the shit out of I ! his voice as subdued as she have ever hear it . darry I see ‘em , trish . Kenny and Darla . class of ' 80 . she just stare . darry they be down there , both of they . ( hold up a hand , not look at she ) I see he ring . he be still wear he varsity ring . jeeper creeper 34 trish you say that happen a hundred mile from here - darry I say I see ‘em ! ( angry silence ) all dead and dry up down there with a whole bunch of other , okay !? she more frighten by he state than by he word . darry ( cont would ) do not tell I you do not believe I , alright ?! ( point a rabid finger at she ) do not make I tell you everything I see down there ' cause you do not wanna hear it , okay ?! her brother 's eye fill with angry tear . then go silent again . drop he head against the window . trish look at the fuel indicator . only a quarter of a tank leave . darry ( cont would ) she do lose she head . look over at she brother . stare out the window into the pass night . darry Darla lose she head just like they say . ( off she look ) and you know what he do , trish ? you know what he do for she ? he sew it back on . darry let out a little laugh . be he go crazy ? darry sew it right back on . ext . trentdale . night . ten minute later . trish 's sedan ramble off the two -lane and toward a small cluster of building under the starry night sky . past a weathered and aging sign that read : jeeper creeper 35 welcome to trentdale pr brother and sister look to each other . neither want to stop . trish we have to or we be not gonna make it home . she continue on toward the only light . combination Restaurant and Gas Station . the tall sign stretch into the star announce plainly : trish pull in . roll under the hot white neon over the gas pump . look over at little brother . trish you gonna make a phone call ? darry just nod . open the car door . trish throw some water on yourself . you look like you just crawle out of a sewer . darry move with fatigue toward the restaurant . several car and big truck park around it . trish move to the pump . there be a pad lock on it . she grab it . yank on it . turn to she brother . trish darry ? ( off he look ) pump be lock . she watch he turn and move inside . int . delroy' food and gas . night . same time . darry step in . darker than he expect . stare ahead . etched in the light of a cigarette machine . he must look pretty bad because that who do catch a glimpse of he , take another one quickly . like the plump waitress eye-balling he . she be fifty - something . name tag read beverly . jeeper creeper 36 waitress beverly restroom be for pay customer , kiddo . darry could we get some gas , please ? the woman look out the window , see trish lean against the car . waitress ( a well wear rhyme ) Pump 's lock at eight o'clock . darry have no energy to argue . look out at he sister . darry light be still on . waitress ( call back to the kitchen ) arnie , you get the pump light on again ! trish suddenly plunge into darkness . waitress beverly look back to darry as if that settle everything . darry we really need some gas . waitress beverly you look like you need a little more than gas , kiddo . ext . delroy' food and gas . night . same time . trish be fit to be tie . storm toward the diner . cursing under she breath . be almost to the front door when out on the two lane come the sound of a familiar engine . this be the sound of the van . there can be no question . she spot it instantly . sail down the highway . speed past trentdale . know it must be head back to the old church . int . delroy' food and gas . night . same time . trish burst in . patron stare at she . two trucker especially . they do not make eye at she , but she know the look . beverly pour coffee for they . jeeper creeper 37 waitress beverly pump lock at eight o'clock - trish this be a emergency ! her raise tone turn more than a few head . trish I need you to please call the police . ( off she look ) right now . please get they here right away . waitress beverly stare at she now . trish someone be dead ! can you please just call someone ?! trish meet the eye of other patron who have hear this . a family with two SMALL child -eye wide stare back at she . waitress beverly someone 's dead where ? trish be you gonna call or not ?! beverly regards she a moment longer and start back toward the kitchen . the Men 's room door open and darry come out . washed . look better . until sister rush at he . trish I see he ! I see the van again ! darry instantly panicked . run toward the window . trish I think he 's head back to the church ! darry you sure it be the van ? trish you think I be gonna forget what it look like ?! jeeper creeper 38 trish let out a anxious sigh . Falls against the wall . between the cigarette machine and the payphone . hold she face in she hand . darry come on big sis . hold it together . she stare at the floor . wo not look at he . darry ( take she by the shoulder ) come on . just hold it together . ( wait for a response ) think of a time . trish I do not wanna think of a time . darry I get one . you be twelve . ' Cause I be nine . trish just shut - up darry - darry and we find that big fat potato bug out in the backyard ? remember how big it be , with the big feeler thing on its head ? you bet I five dollar I would not be brave enough to eat it . ( she look up at he ) you remember . ' Cause I swallow it . Whole . could feel it crawl down my throat . think it be gonna make I sick but I have to prove to big sis that " I be not afraid of nothing " . then when I finish swallow it you do not want to pay I the five dollar so you yell " Mom ! darry eat a bug ! " ( more ) jeeper creeper 39 darry ( cont would ) ( the hint of a smile on she face ? ) remember ? I get spanke and teach about not put dirty little thing in my mouth ? remember ? what a nasty little bitch you be ? she smile at he as much as she 's able . darry think he 's cheer she up . but she eye well with tear as quickly and she say in a frighten whisper : trish I be so scared , darry . he be gonna get back to that church and he be gonna know we be down there ! the pay phone ring loudly beside her and she scream . the entire restaurant be look at she now . beverly on the phone by the register stare over . along with a roundish , furry look man of fifty or so . the manager . she and little brother stare back at everyone . embarrass . the phone ring again . darry wait for someone to come over and answer the phone . third ring now . man at jukebox you gonna get that ? the man close to they have ask this . he drop a coin in the slot of the juke . trish pick up the receiver . a woman' voice . urgency in her voice . woman ( filter ) yes hello ? trish hello ? woman ( filter ) be you wear a white shirt with a emblem on the sleeve ? trish be I what ? jeeper creeper 40 woman ( filter ) Blue jeans ? be you wear blue jeans ? a confuse look from darry to trish . woman ( filter ) please you have to tell I . trish I - what ? darry grab the phone away from she . darry who be this ? trish darry hang up ! woman ( filter ) darry ? you be darry ? ( he just listen ) I do not know exactly what you look like darry , but you have very big and very beautiful eye be I right ? darry just stare at trish in utter confusion . woman ( filter ) they be big and they be blue and they be very beautiful . darry panicked now . she can see I ! he move quickly to study face in the dining area . yanked back when the phone cord will not reach . woman ( filter ) please do not be frighten . you be wear a pair of blue jeans where the third belt loop be tear . why be she say this ? look to he pants . third belt loop : tear . woman ( filter ) I know how you tore it , too . ( more ) jeeper creeper 41 woman ( cont would ) you tore it on the jag edge of a metal pipe . darry really in shock now . stare at big sister . trish crowd in to listen with he . woman ( cont '' ) ( filter ) can you still hear I ? darry ( completely perplex ) you be out there ? woman ( filter ) I do not have time to explain . darry you be out there at the church ? woman ( filter ) have you see the cat yet ? darry the what - woman ( filter ) have you see the cat yet ? lot of cat ? darry look who be you and what kind of shit be you try to pull ?! this be loud . the man at the jukebox turn to look . so do a old woman at the cigarette machine . woman ( filter ) I do not know how to make you listen . the van . I see the van too . with the license plate . darry '' beating you ? " jeeper creeper 42 woman ( filter ) no , not " beating you " , think about it again . once more darry confuse . woman ( cont '' ) ( filter ) I need you to wait for I . I be about a hour away . can you do that ? darry who the Hell be I talk to ? woman ( filter ) I have something very important you have to hear from I . I do not know how I can make you believe that but it 's true ! darry I be hang up - woman ( filter ) there 's a song ! ( again darry 's confuse look at sis ) jeeper creeper . do you know it ? it 's a old song . int . unknown live room . night . same time . we can not see the woman on the telephone but we hear the CD player nearby . the velvety tone of mel torme singing '' jeeper , creeper , where have you get that peeper ? '' woman be record about a million time . we see several new CD on a tower record bag . CD tear open . frank sinatra , johnny mercer , mel torme ... they case strewn about . CD too . all over the table . woman can you hear it ? jeeper creeper 43 darry ( filter ) what about it ? woman listen . very carefully . int . delroy' food and gas . night . same time . darry look I do not know what the fuck you be talk about - woman ( filter ) you hear that song ? run. ( darry 's confusion peak ) you listen to I ? that song mean something terrible be about to happen to you - darry screw you lady - woman something so terrible you could never imagine it - darry hang up angrily . move quickly to look out over the eatery . darry you sure you see that van on the highway ? ( off she look ) ' Cause I think the driver might be in here . on a cell phone . trish that sound like a woman ! darry well why could not it bea woman ? we do not know who it be ! he rush past the cigarette machine . look out into the parking lot . jeeper creeper 44 darry somebody mess with we , that 's for sure ! she know everything ! trish what do she want ? darry turn and regards he sister . darry for we to wait around , which be exactly what we be not gonna do . int . delroy' food and gas . night . minute later . the juke box finish its selection . its mechanical arm replace the 45 and select another . the place fill with music again . trish and darry at a table in back . beverly step up to they with a coffee pot . waitress beverly you kid wanna piece of pie or coffee or something ? they shake they head no , stare at two state troopers at the counter , confer with the manager . waitress beverly let I know if you change you mind . trish you think they believe we ? darry all they have to do be drive out to that church . they will believe every word . trish I do not know if I would . he look up with this . trish sound too much like somebody 's bad dream . be she try to say she do not believe he ? jeeper creeper 45 trish you do not think that 's it , do you ? we be dream ? darry do not answer . the juke box fill the silence . trish maybe we be have one of that dream like in the twilight Zone where we be all ready dead . you know ? we die out on the road and we just do not know it ? darry ( quietly ) I wanna be home . in my room . in my bed . ( eye up to he sister ) ripping up every tale from the crypt and fangoria I own . he look at she . tries to smile . he look so fragile . trish we will get home you know ? he nod . feeling foolish . " jeeper creeper , where would you get that peeper ? jeeper , creeper , where would you get that eye ? " the juke box . Sinatra . darry 's blood run cold . face suddenly ashen . stare across the diner at the juke . sis watch he strangely . tries to follow he line of sight . " gosh all get up , how would they get so light up ... " he stand . look down at sis . '' gosh all get up , how have they get that size ? '' trish darry ...? he move now . through the diner . as if draw by the melody ... '' golly gee , when you turn that heater on . woa be I , get to put my cheater on ... '' trish watch he from the table . have little brother go off he nut ? jeeper creeper 46 patron be stop they eat . watch he as he pass by in some confuse trance . '' jeeper , creeper , where have you get that peeper ? oh that weeper , how they hypnotize ... '' darry at the jukebox now . stare down into its glow . thinks he must be lose he mind . his own strike eye even more beautiful in the golden glow of the machine . '' where have you get that eye ? '' the song go instrumental . he look back at trish . the trooper be at she table . sis look over at he . darry move back quickly . trooper gideon be a tall , powerful look Native american . strong face and pierce eye . his partner trooper weston be a capable look woman of thirty or so . trooper gideon I be just tell you sister , we be run the plate and we have get a unit on they way out to the old church . darry and ? trooper gideon tell I something . this kid you see on that wall ? who be they again ? darry ( look to he sister ) Darla cleeway and Kenny ... trish - brandon . trooper gideon found they car all smashed up ' bout twenty year ago ? be I remember this right ? ( off darry 's nod ) that body would be nothing but bone by now . you say he still have skin on he anda ring on he finger . darry what be you try to say ? jeeper creeper 47 trooper gideon not say anything - darry ( on he foot ) I tell you - I grab one of they ! it be hard . like petrify wood ! like he preserve they or something , I do not know ! trooper gideon well then how do you know they be even real body ? darry throw by this . stare at the trooper . trooper gideon look all I be try to do here be get the fact straight - darry I tell you the fact : this guy drive a black van and it nearly kill we ! we see he throw a body down a pipe , that dump into a cellar under the old church ! I see the body ! he be a guy my age and he be still alive , except that he would be split from he neck to he navel and then sewn back up again ! now this guy must have a hundred , maybe two hundred body down there , and I have see ‘em ! manager hey-hey -hey ! do not like this grizzly talk , loud enough for people to hear . darry ( lower he voice ) I mean this guy must be the heavyweight champ of all serial killer ! jeeper creeper 48 it be trooper Weston who first notice people stand up from they table and move to the restaurant window . darry you do not believe I ? just drive out to that church and see for yourself ! trooper gideon no one 's say you be lie , Darius - darry it 's darry . Darius be my name , darry for short . there be quite a crowd at the window now and he and trish see it . trooper gideon and I say we be do everything we know how to do . they step past gideon toward the dining area . waitress beverly just come back in the front door . look directly at trish . waitress beverly that 's you car out at the pump , be not it ? ext . delroy' food and gas . night . same time . trish and darry blast out into the brisk night . beverly right behind they . ahead be they car . still in shadow at the pump . but the leave rear door be open and spill out onto the asphalt be darry 's dirty laundry . the trooper join they now . watch as brother and sister move quickly toward the car . waitress beverly someone see he from the window . trish and darry stop . turn to she . she nod back to the patron stare out from inside . waitress beverly think they have to be kid . jeeper creeper 49 trish saw what ?! waitress beverly ( impatient ) the man out there at you car ! the kid and trooper instantly look for he . waitress beverly well he already run off ! trish a man ? waitress beverly more like a pervert . ( off they puzzle look ) that 's why everyone be watch . he be outside the car there sniff that laundry . darry and trish stare at she . waitress beverly holding big handfuls of it under he nose . look like he be like it too . darry at the car now . shirt , sock , short all spill out of the basket . darry look back at trish . trooper weston ran off which way ? beverly look back at the patron at the window . holler to one of the trucker . waitress beverly which way he run off , billy ? a trucker at the window point out . Beyond the pump . down the empty and shadowy street . trish it be he . ( to the trooper ) he have time to get to the church and then get back here - jeeper creeper 50 trooper gideon alright , we do not need anymore excitement than we already have - darry this guy be after we ! ( throw fistful of laundry in the car ) he be after we ' cause he know what we see ! the trooper stare at each other . trooper Weston on she walkie-talkie . trooper weston Central this be 037 . come back . darry finish with he clothes and go to shut the door . darry hey , you interested in a hand print ? trish and the trooper move quickly toward he . gideon squat with darry at the open car door . look at the surface of the car handle . it be smudge with some kind of fine gray powder . darry you can dust it , right ? get a print ? trooper gideon look like somebody already do . he look up at he partner . a breeze come up and the " print " start to blow away . gideon think fast . whip out a evidence bag and catch some of it as it blow into the wind . a_slow crane up : as we rise slowly . darry what the Hell be that stuff ? trooper gideon gonna find out real quick . jeeper creeper 51 trooper weston ( on she walkie ) Central , this be 037 do you copy ? trish can we please get some gas now ? trooper gideon everybody just keep calm . everything 's gonna get take care of . ..- until we be high above the parking lot . everyone below just tiny dot of jabber color . we have ascend finally to the top of the sign that read delroy' food and gas . and atop that , a dark figure be perch . his long black coat flap in the night wind as he stare down . like some dark bird of prey ... ext . country highway . night . thirty minute later . woosshhh !!! trish 's car fly past we down the starlit two lane . headlights burn into the night . behind they , another pair of headlight . a state trooper car . darry look back at they . trish ( at the wheel ) they be still back there . darry I will bet have a good laugh too . trish you still do not think they believe we ? darry ( regards he sis for a moment ) how would he get up on the roof of that church ? trish how do he what ? jeeper creeper 52 darry it look like he jump up there to you ? trish onto the roof of a building ? darry feel dumb . stare out the window . trish what the Hell be he do with you clothes ? she smirk suddenly . then laugh . trish maybe he can leap tall building in a single bound . I mean he have have to be superhuman , otherwise the smell would have kill he ! int . trooper car . country highway . night . same time . trooper gideon and Weston in the car escort they . gideon drive . there radio sound . central voice ( filter ) this be Central , 037 come back . trooper weston 037 , go ahead . central voice ( filter ) higg and corely just radio-e back from the old church on East 9 ? trooper weston go ahead . central voice ( filter ) its on fire . gideon and Weston stare at each other . jeeper creeper 53 central voice ( filter ) Burning out of control , with Fire and rescue on the way . int . trish's car . country highway . night . same time . darry watch trish . she keep check she rearview . darry do not tell I you actually like he . trish get real . darry ( know its true now ) oh God . ( look back at the cop car ) should 'a know . he 's big , dumb and stupid . trish unlike the braniac you take out . braniac only if they be brain come in twos and lift and separate . darry you be probably gonna marry a cop . you have a thing for guy in uniform or something ? trish well they be not quite as easy as the bimbos you flash that bambi eye at . watch ‘em fall down with they leg apart . darry do not like this . remind he of the phone call . do you have big beautiful eye ? sis check the rearview again . trish I do notice he be a little more interested in get the story from I than from you . darry ( bother now ) would you stop look back there ? he 's gonna think you be easy . jeeper creeper 54 trish he do have a nice ass . darry I know , he be talk out of it . darry crank up the radio . a angry rock tune blare . int . trooper car . country highway . night . moment later . central voice ( filter ) plates be fake . description of the van that kid give , correspond to a model from 1947 . we be talk antique now . trooper weston this kid say that van chase they do well over a hundred , go ahead . central voice ( filter ) you ever stop to think this kid might be try to pull off some kind of major hood wink ? trooper weston come again ? central voice ( filter ) the preliminary come back on that dust you take off the car handle ? its dead skin . bwump ! something have hit the roof of the police car . gideon and Weston stare up at the roof . puzzle . central voice ( filter ) not just dead skin . Long dead . that 's why it be powder . jeeper creeper 55 int . trish's car . country highway . night . same time . trish and darry stare ahead - rock song blaring . neither look behind they . something black with a cape whipping in the wind perch on the roof of they escort 's car ? int . trooper car . country highway . night . same time . central voice ( filter ) I mean they would not be the first kid to go and ransack a cemetery for spring break . trooper weston what be you say ? they burn the church down too ? central voice ( filter ) you wanna believe that or a hundred and fifty - year old corpse open that car door ? trooper gideon say what ?! central voice ( filter ) that 's a ballpark on how old that powder skin be . bwump !!! another SOUND from the roof of the police car . both trooper startle . trooper gideon hold on Central ... a puzzle trooper Weston roll down the window . rise out of she seat . head out the window to get a look up top . ext . trooper car . country highway . night . same time . trooper Weston stretch higher now , look out over the roof of the patrol car -- what she see move so fast in the windy night , she can not even react - jeeper creeper 56 int . trooper car . country highway . night . same time . trooper Weston 's body be yank out of the car . through the open window ! go in one powerful , violent motion . her scream swallow instantly as she disappear . trooper gideon in shock . no time to even turn he head -- wham !!! the large , razor sharp blade of a battle axe break through the roof of the police car -- right in front of he face . int . trish's car . country highway . night . same time . the kid still listen to the loud song . behind they , the patrol car swerve erratically . something dark still riding on top of it . darry ( shouting ) they be gonna be in concert in August , downtown ! ext . trooper car . country highway . night . same time . trooper gideon 's head be yank up through a hole rip in the roof of the car . the figure that grip he , rear back with the same razor - sharp battle axe . almost medieval-look . and in one neat swoop - swing it at the trooper 's head . int . trish's car . country highway . night . same time . angle behind brother and sister : rock song blaring as - something big hit the roof of the car . hard and fast . fly down the windshield and off the hood . trish slam on the brake . both of they clutching the dashboard . the car swing to a halt in the middle of the two - lane . trish what be that ? brother stick he head out the window . stare into the night sky . sis look behind they . jeeper creeper 57 the trooper vehicle angle across the two lane . it too have make a hurried stop . no movement inside . Dark and silent . silhouett in the moonlight . darry what the Hell ? brother and sister look at each other . darry 's head again out the window . darry ( cont would ) hey ! darry 's voice echoe into the night . darry ( cont would ) you okay in there ? darry get out . trish follow . darry ( cont would ) stay here . trish look at he . no way ! darry take a tentative step toward the moonlit vehicle . wish he could see more . trish see the dent on the roof of she car where the object hit . dent with a spatter pattern . blood . trish darry ... look back at she . she hold up three finger smudge with blood . darry ( scream at the car ) hey ! the car 's police light flash on . startles darry and trish . both squinting into they . darry ( cont would ) get back in the car . ( turn to trish ) get back in the car ! someone be stare out behind the wheel of that car . peer at they , through the angry flash of red and blue ... through a windshield spatter with blood ... jeeper creeper 58 darry ( cont would ) trish , get in the car ! trish pale . turn to do this . caught by the sight of something else . down the road - just past the police car . a roundish thing in the middle of the highway - silhouett in moonlight . trooper gideon 's head . stare out at she with dead eye . this be what hit they and roll off the hood ! trish darry ... darry try to make out the face in the flaring light . the eye . so white . darry trish ... the patrol car 's door swing open and both of they whirl around . back toward they own vehicle . leap in . trish behind the wheel . grapple for the stick shift in a blind panic . darry just as fast into the passenger seat . slam the door . a tall , powerful silhouette rise out of the patrol car . turn instantly away from they . darry ( cont would ) whoa , do you see that ? as it turn - its face glint for a moment in the moonlight . the eye . so white because they be just that and nothing else . no pupil or irise . a trick of the moonlight ? trish stare . the car have not move . her hand still on the stickshift . the figure walk away from they with a chillingly casual gait . his black coat flap cape-like . and in the glare of the flash red and blue , walk back toward gideon 's head . whistle . whistle a tune the kid have hear in the diner : jeeper , creeper , where would you get that peeper ? brother and sister transfix . watch as with a single hand , the figure reach down and lift gideon 's head by the hair . hold it then , in both hand . look at it . jeeper creeper 59 hold it high . level with its own eye . draw it closer . so close he could be kissing it . darry ( cont would ) ( a whisper ) I be not see this . the figure turn the grizzly thing around now . do the same with the back of the head . and both kid realize what he be do . smell it ... darry ( cont would ) what the Hell be we look at , trish ? more horrid disbelief as the figure drop kick the head - send it high in the sky and off into the tall grass of the nearby field . darry ( cont would ) let 's get the Hell outta here ... the figure turn now . stare back at they . darry go . trish gun the engine and the car scream back down the highway . the dark figure watch this from afar . still as a statue . int . trish's car . country highway . night . same time . darry what be this guy ? see she brother stare out the rear . darry what be this guy , trish ? what would he do to that cop ? trish do not know and do not wanna . darry and why do not he do it to we ? you see the way he look at we ? ( look back at she ) ( more ) jeeper creeper 60 darry ( cont would ) like he 's play with we . like run we off the road be just some kind of game . ext . lonely country road . night . back at the scene of the crime , the empty patrol car , engine run , roll slowly off the highway and into a field . the dark figure watch only for a moment - move away while the car still travel pilotless deeper into the field . before it even settles , we can the hear the rumble of the dark van' engine . we leave the patrol car for a glimpse at the highway when - wooshhh !!! the dark van rip past we down the moonlit two lane . ext . another stretch of country road . night . minute later . both trish and darry see it at the same time . a farmhouse . down a gravel drive off the road . light on in the window . trish there 's a phone ! darry you sure you wanna stop ?! trish I wanna get to anyone who can help we ! darry what 's the next town ? trish I do not know and I be not gonna wait to find out . trish take the gravel drive . jostle down the lane . trish look we just ask to use the phone , okay ? we do not freak this people out . the house come into more detail . Old and sagging . but its warmly light window like a beacon . of safety . sanity . jeeper creeper 61 trish we do not wanna scare them . we just wanna call for help . headlights etching the overgrown garden that be the front yard . a ancient pick - up to one side . in the center of the overgrowth , a sagging thing scarcely presume to be a scarecrow . darry too spooky . trish look at he . he 's serious . darry too spooky . let 's just get the Hell outta here . at the outskirt of the yard , a plastic sunflower tick away in a night breeze as the car come to a halt . trish it 's pretty run down . hope they have a phone . darry I hope they have a gun . trish I hope they do not . she open the door . get out . darry too . they first look be to the highway . empty . for as far as the eye can see . ker-clink ! the distinct SOUND of a rifle be cocked turn the kid quickly toward the house . cat lady who be you ? a woman' raspy voice . from a silhouette behind the screen door . a blue-black rifle barrel glint in its hand . cat lady I say who be you ? trish Patricia James . this be my brother darry . cat lady what ' cha want ? jeeper creeper 62 trish a telephone ? cat lady ai not get one . the kid look at each other . a whisper aside : darry you know it 's not too late to keep drive and not stop ' till we see people . trish what do you think she be ? darry crazy ? cat lady whatcha ' need it for ? trish someone 's be kill . a police officer . down the road . the screen door open now and the cat lady step out . a strange look woman of fifty or so . very intense around the eye . meowww ... trish we just come from there - sound of cat at she foot . she push a couple back inside the screen with a foot . a foot wear a fuzzy pink slipper . darry stare down at the feline . remember instantly the strange phone call at the diner . do you see the cat yet ? the woman gun still trish it 's a way back . you can not see it from here . level she eye at the two . judge they . her shot clench tightly . cat lady all right one call . ( off they look ) but be quick , my baby they do not like stranger . trisha just stare at the old woman . she have child ? jeeper creeper 63 trish climb the porch step . see darry still stare down at the cat inside the door . trisha do not understand . make a face that tell he to hurry up ! he start forward . cat Lady open the screen for they -again hold one feline inside with a fuzzy slipper . cat lady careful . I do not let ‘em out after dark . darry how many cat do you have ? cat lady more than a couple , I be afraid . int . cat lady house . night . same time . trish and darry halt instantly as they step inside : the live room be cover with cat . all kind . all shape . all size . there must be forty of they in the live room alone . cat lady phone 's there by the love seat . the cat Lady shut the front door and step past they . stow the rifle in a closet . trish cover she nose with a hand . make a face at darry . the smell be terrible . cat lady policeman kill you say ? darry still catch in a uneasy trance . that phone call . do you see the cat yet ? darry let 's get out of here . trish look at he like he 's crazy . the cat Lady turn to they now . trish lower she hand from she nose . cat lady people think they can drive like maniac ' round here . cop too , damned fool . ( more ) jeeper creeper 64 cat lady ( cont would ) just a bunch of punk kid with badge and gun if you ask I . trish move to the phone . it too surround by feline . scatter a few as she reach down and lift the receiver . cat lady who be that make a call on you telephone , hmm ? who be that ? she be ask the one cat that remain . sniff trisha as she dial . cat lady that 's the thing about cat . ( off darry 's look ) can whiff a bad egg a mile away . can not they tomfoolery ? darry realize she be refer to the cat that now rub itself against he leg . cat lady oh he like you . lookee that . he want you to pick he up . darry nod . tries to press out a polite smile . cat lady do not be afraid . darry bend . pet the cat 's head . cat lady go on ! Big boy like you 's not afraid of a little pussy be he ? he regards she . do she just say that ? must mean something else . he lift the cat into he arm . pet its head . cat lady there you go . ( step away ) Big thing like you can not go through he life be afraid of a sweet little pussy . she wink at he this time - lecherously . darry swallow . she mean what she mean . jeeper creeper 65 trish yes , patrica James . we just leave trentdale with a police escort . phone voice ( filter ) be you call the trentdale County sheriff 's department ? trish I think I be . cat lady trentdale 's the next County over . you be in poho County now , you cross the County line . darry look I do not know exactly where the house be I be call from - she look to the cat Lady to tell she the address , but she be shaking she head adamantly . cat lady do not bring the cop out here ! they try and bust my ass every year with they zone crap ! ( to darry ) try and tell people how many cat a person can have ! phone voice ( filter ) you say you need to report a emergency ? but the voice be suddenly swallowed by angry static on the line . trish hold the phone away from she ear . cat Lady and darry watch . she click the clicker . put the phone back to she ear . nothing . trish you phone just go dead . she be look at she brother and think the worse . the cat Lady march over to hear for herself . put the phone to she ear as the light go out all over the house . jeeper creeper 66 darry , trish , the cat Lady and she many fuzzy minion suddenly plunge into darkness . darry rush to the window - the cat still in he arm . ext . farmhouse . night . same time . out in the overgrown garden , the plastic sunflower again click to a stop in the silent , moonlit yard . int . farmhouse . night . same time . darry there 's nobody out there . then every cat in the place lift its head in unison . forty pair of cat 's eye stare toward the front window . trish and darry watch this . as grow from every corner of the room , be the wick hiss of frighten cat everywhere . the cat in darry 's arm freak - claw and thrashing to free itself . darry ouch !!! he wince in pain as the animal yowls and hit the floor run . cat Lady rush to the front window . trish and darry with she . the overgrown yard be dark with inky shadow . her distress scarecrow stand in the middle of it . more cat hissing . fur stand on end . fang bare . whatever be out there , this animal do not like it . cat lady I will be goddamn ! the cat Lady storming back to the closet for she rifle . the kid look after she . cat lady that 's not my scarecrow . jeeper creeper 67 ext . farmhouse . night . same time . shot roll slowly toward : the inky silhouette of the scarecrow . it be larger than we remember it . and better dress . in a long black coat ... the figure stand before the old hay -stuff thing - create a single silhouette . cut a tall , dark shadow against the starry night sky . one with eye we can barely discern . eye that might not belong to any human thing ... int . farmhouse . night . same time . the cat be go berserk . two of they topple the phone table . other run in confuse circle around the couch . several scramble over the base of the floor lamp . send it on its side with a loud crash . still other be scale the drape -- claw they way toward the ceiling ... the cat Lady watch puzzle by she feline . cat lady who the Hell be that ? cock the rifle loudly and throw open the front door . level the rifle at the scarecrow . cat lady you gotta ' bout ten second to get you ass outta my yard ! the scarecrow / figure stand . continue to stare in at they . silhouett in the moonlight . cat lady do not think I be gonna tell you twice . it 's voice . strange . a raspy whisper . the creature my child . trish and darry exchange glance . cat lady what ? a chill whisper in the night : jeeper creeper 68 the creature I have come for my child . trish and darry freeze by this word . the old woman turn to look at they . when the figure bolt toward the house ! cat Lady whirl about . fire . ka-blam !!! the scarecrow disintegrate . ripping into shadowy bit that explode in every direction . something larger ripping skyward at the moment of impact . the figure be go . vanish into thin air . unless ... cat Lady , darry and trish crowd the doorway try to see out . darry 's gaze catch by something high . catch a terrifying glimpse of it scramble up the front of the house . like some horrible cape insect . as if gravity simply do not exist . darry what in the Holy - his cut whisper turn the woman to he . stare at they in shock . ker-krash !!!! a window break somewhere upstair . all three whirl around . stare up at the ceiling . then cat be drop past the front window . drop down into the yard . from the second story ? they land on they foot . scurry off into the night .... trish and darry look at each other with mount panic ... the cat Lady look to brother and sis . what the Hell do you bring into my house ? as suddenly a frightened and vocal torrent of cat rush in great panic down the stair ! with the SOUND from above , of one cat clearly attacking - the cat lady storm toward the stair brandish she rifle . cat lady get away from my baby you son -of - a-bitch ! darry do not ! darry charge for she . grab the old woman . jeeper creeper 69 darry do not go up there ! cat lady goddammit !!! darry leave now !! with we ! cat lady goddammit !!! ( scream up the stair ) do not you hurt my baby - she catch darry in the groin with a nasty kick . he yelp . crumple as she charge up the step . trish darry !!! sis hurry to he . start drag he toward the front door . she just want out . want to go ! cat lady I '1l blow you goddamn head off - but at the top of the stair , the cat Lady be suddenly wrench off she foot ! the kid watch as she fuzzy pink slipper disappear from view . straight up . they hear her gasp only once . now a choked , gargling SOUND . the kid stare up at the top step where here foot vanish . the cat be in absolute frenzy . some bare fang in the direction of the stair , other climb the old drape of the place in a frantic panic to get out . to get away . trish dash back toward the front door with injure darry . halted by the sight of that slipper - slip now , slowly back into view on the top step . something just out of sight at the top of the stair be hold she there . foot dangle . one slipper fall off . darry approach in horror . want to see up that stair . want to see just what the Hell this thing be ... at the foot of the stair he look up . can see she body hang there , lifeless - hold in the iron grip of the long coat figure -- pull the old woman into he as if she be a doll . jeeper creeper 70 and sniff . sniff she . the same way he do the officer 's decapitate head . darry throw a look to he sister : at the door , hand on the knob - freeze by she brother 's pale expression . darry look back : the figure take another long inhale and then peer around the dangle old woman . out of the shadow and down the stair -- directly at he . for the first time darry see its face clearly : though the feature be human . the glaring blind white of the eye - where pupil should be - give a much more terrifying impression . not of something human but of something else . something dark and powerful that only wear the guise of human . ... something utterly horrible and without conscience . it stare at he a chill moment longer . again its raspy voice whisper from its lip . the creature she do not smell too good , darry . darry bolt . he be to the door so fast he turn the knob before he sister can . ext . farmhouse . night . same time . trish and darry blast outside . a flurry of flee cat also pour down the porch step with they , spilling into the front yard . the kid scramble to they car . trish fly behind the wheel and turn the key . engine not turn over . darry 's eye scan the dark face of the farmhouse . more commotion inside . cat scream . trish with the key . grind the ignition . it start . ka-tassshhhh !!!! the large upstair window explode out in a powerful shower of glass and wood . the creature leap into the night . darry and trish watch it . some kind of nightmare streaking across the white of the half moon and then drop down . down into the yard . jeeper creeper 71 impossibly it land on its foot . crouched low to the ground . like some horrible beast ready to pounce . put its site - that horrible blank eye - on the kid . darry go! go! go! the car squeal out of the yard , down the gravel drive and back toward the highway . darry watch as the creature sprint across the yard . disappear in the darkness as the farmhouse get smaller and smaller ... darry you see he face ? trish grapples the wheel . take the dark highway as fast as she be able . int . trish's car . country highway . night . same time . darry come on trish , you see he face ?! a sign flash by : ratlroad crossing 1 /2 mile darry I know you see it goddamn it - trish ( match he tone ) one freaky thing at a time , alright ?! silence . both stare ahead now . darry whisper he new mantra . darry he be wear a mask . ( look to she ) trish ? ( off she look ) he be wear a mask . trish right . jeeper creeper 72 darry you have to say it too . trish he be wear a mask . woooonnnnkkkkkk ! !!!! the horrible horn blare behind they . the van be close - its headlight blast the interior of the car . startle they as much as the horn . darry what be this guy try to do ?!! trish darry ! trish have she own problem : up ahead the railroad crossing light flash , automated arm lowering and bell be ringing loudly . darry out the back squinting into the blaring headlight . woooonnnnkkkkkk ! !!!! the horn from the van blare again and this time the train whistle call back to it . trish darry !! darry gun it , you can make it !!! the van be gain . the train near . bell clanging there warning . trish maybe down the track ! darry he will kill we ! trish I can maybe get to the conductor ! darry be you crazy ?!!! woooonnnnkkkkkk ! ! ! !! darry you gotta do this , trish ! jeeper creeper 73 the van be all over both lane , weaving back and forth . blasting that hideous , taunting horn . trish he want we to ! darry stare at she . she know this ? darry trish faster ! ! trish ( emphatically ) we be go to die !!!! darry just do it !!! the train horn blare its final warning . trish slam the pedal to the metal and take she sedan blast through the barrier arm . it lurch across the track as the train roar at they like a iron beast . they fly over the track . the train just nick they rear bumper . send they spin . brother and sister collectively try to grab the wheel . spin out of control while the train cut they off from the van . the van which slam on its brake and swerve dangerously close to the track and the train . on the other side , the sedan stop spin . trish try get she bearing . darry still have he hand on the wheel with hers . trish let go of the wheel ! darry look behind he . nothing but the train clanking noisily over the track . darry we gotta move ! trish grab the gearshift but it will not budge . darry see this . trish something 's wrong . jeeper creeper 74 darry do not say that . clank ! clank ! clank ! the train 's car fly by - they only barrier from the van and they predator . trish the gear be stick - darry ( jaw tightening ) unstick ‘em , trish ! trish what do you want I to do ?! trish and darry both grapple the stick shift . can not wrestle the car into first gear . darry goddammit ! ! trish you be gonna break it ! not see , as we do , something black shoot into the sky from the other side of the train . ba-wammmm ! !!! something hit the trunk of the car . hit it hard . rocking it violently . bro and sis stare out the back : the creature be crouch there -stare in at they with that horrible eye . darry he jump over the train , trish ... trish grind that stickshift - try with all she might .. darry he jump over the train , trish ! c1unk ! the car 's transmission fall into gear and trish gun the engine . the car lurch ahead -- jolting the creature . it clutches the side of the car as she speed forward . darry in a stunne , numbe kind of shock . trish dip onto the shoulder of the road . try to make the ride rough . swing across both lane . weaving erratically . jeeper creeper 75 try desperately to lose the thing on the trunk . trish slam on the brake . the car swing sideways violently . finally fling it into the air . the kid watch as he flail into space . coat flap around he - like a giant bat who have suddenly lose its equilibrium . hitting the asphalt hard and roll and skid . thing fall out of he coat as he do . the battle axe clanging noisily on the ground and another insidious look knife , bounce on the asphalt with a couple of other -- like the creature , come to a abrupt and violent halt . darry what the Hell be that ? trish just stare at the motionless heap of black under the moonlight . the train 's final car move down the track behind they . revealing the dark van just beyond the flash railroad light . brother and sister stare ahead at the lifeless heap . the SOUND of the train fade in the distance and the bell at the train crossing cease . silence now . only the sound of they breathe in the car until darry 's whisper . darry hit he . she look at she little brother . darry hit he , trish . ( off she look ) hard . she look out the windshield . that lifeless mass sprawle on the highway . darry do it ! she open she mouth to respond - when the creature 's head rise . it be stare at they . that blind , ugly eye burn out toward they . jeeper creeper 76 trish slam the pedal to the metal . correct the position of the car and rocket forward with as much speed as she can build . the creature 's face catch in the glare of the headlight as wham ! trish slam into it hard . the car 's wheel pummel it savagely . both kid grimace with the terrible sound of cracking and crunching beneath there tire .... trish stop now . look back at she handiwork . the cape have flapped over the creature 's head and its lifeless figure , complete with tire track , lay a little flatter on the two-lane . brother and sister exchange glance . trish you think he 's dead ? darry they never be . trish right . trish throw the car in reverse and speed back at the lifeless shape . ker -pop ! a sickeningly distinct sound as the tire roll over its leg this time . trish come to a halt behind it . stare ahead into the high beam : there can be no mistake this thing be flatten ! on the asphalt , at the end of one coat sleeve , a hand lay crush . Tire tread over it . even bone crush and flaking like Greek pastry . blow away now . the whole hand blow away . Dust in the wind . in fact , lot of powder be blow out from under that black coat ... the kid watch in awe : have they crush this thing to dust ? darry let 's get outta here . jeeper creeper 77 trish I do not know how much farther this car 's gonna go . darry Far enough . trish gun the engine again -a final trounce for the thing in the road as they roar over it and speed into the distance . int . poho county sheriff' dept . night . a hour later . trish on a payphone in the empty lobby . darry next to she , listen in . this kid have be through Hell and they look it . trish it 's the poho County sheriff 's Department . it 's right off the main highway about twenty mile before trentdale . I be serious mom , we be okay . the car , I do not know . tell dad we may have to have it tow someplace . darry turn away for a moment . caught by something on a opposite wall . a long bulletin board of miss person . a ocean of face . Men , woman and child . some of the heading read : have you see I ? trish ( 0.s. ) I love you . see you when you get here . darry stare ahead numbly . all the face stare back at he . trish hey ... ( off he look ) they be on they way . be here in about a hour . darry a hour and a half if mom drive . trish right . jeeper creeper 78 darry never think I would be so glad to see mom and dad . ( look to she ) actually look forward to one of dad 's " what in the name of God do you do now ? " she smile . in this look between they be a rare glimpse of they true love for each other . darry we will do it you know ? we will get home . trish ( recognize she own word be use mockingly ) shut up ! in from the night step jezelle gay hartman . heavy set . late forty . sweet , plump face . in capri pants , sneaker and a sweatshirt , she be a woman on a mission . desk sergeant jezelle . the desk sergeant be not happy to see she . she walk right past he . desk sergeant what can we do for you tonight ... the sergeant out from he desk . move after she . desk sergeant jezelle ! jezelle step up to trish and darry . Studies they . desk sergeant come on jezz’ , they be through a lot , okay ? she extend a plump hand . a tiny hint of a drawl in she husky voice . jezelle you the kid , then ? darry and trish , you they ? desk sergeant jez ' goddammit- jeeper creeper jezelle ( shaking trish 's hand ) jezelle Gay hartman , how do you do ? desk sergeant jezelle 's maybe a little confuse about what 's go on down here tonight - jezelle less confuse than Jerry here would like to think . ( shake darry 's hand ) if you be talk to he Captain ? Captain John develle who be off duty tonight ? he would tell you different . desk sergeant jezelle like to think she 's the resident psychic around here . behind she back , the sergeant signal to the kid that she be not to be take seriously . desk sergeant she help we on a miss person a few year ago - jezelle you think you could just let I talk to this kid for five minute by myself ?! the phone at the desk chirping incessantly . the sergeant move to answer it . desk sergeant go home , turn that goddamn police scanner off and go to bed . jezelle and you go do something useful , you get officer miss ! desk sergeant I mean it jezelle , leave ‘em alone . trish and darry leave stare at the woman . jeeper creeper 80 jezelle you do not have to believe I be psychic . but I can tell you something this cop have not . ( off they look ) that dust they get off you car back at delroy 's ? it test as human skin over a hundred and fifty year old . darry and trish listen to she . jezelle that do not come in a dream . I hear it on the police scanner . I get more to tell you and I come a long way to do it . darry you know I be really not sure we should be talk to anybody right now - jezelle I know what it be . her voice a sudden and urgent whisper . jezelle I know what 's chase you . she have they full attention now . jezelle you find a lot of body . ( off darry 's incredulous look ) down in that cellar . I see ‘em too . ( swallow ) you see the cat yet ? I see you with cat too . lot of cat - darry you call . at the diner , that be you . jezelle I see that body just like you do . that poor boy with the stitches all down he ... I see you there with he . jeeper creeper 81 darry how ? jezelle dream it . ( wait for a response ) I dream a lot of thing . the woman 's self - assuredness be dissolve . she stare at they with eye flicker with fear and sadness . jezelle that body down there . you find its house of pain . darry do not know why but he blood run cold . jezelle I do not know how I know that , I just ... know that 's what it like to call it . darry what ... like to call it ? jezelle it 's get a whole lotta name . from a whole lotta different time and place . eater of the Dead ... that 's the one that keep come to I . darry eater of the ... ( off she nod ) what do that mean , it eat people ? jezelle it have to . ( off they stunne look ) it have incredible power . that 's how it stay that way . how it 's live so long . trish try to leave . brother hold she arm . wo not let she . jezelle I do not like have this in my head . I do not like know this and not know why I do ... ( more ) jeeper creeper 82 jezelle ( cont would ) every twenty - third spring . for twenty - three day . it get to eat . whatever it need . it eat eye so it can see . it eat lung so it can breathe ... trish ( stand , pointedly ) I be gonna be sick . darry would you come and help I throw up , please ? darry look this thing have have chance to kill we , and it do not . this make jezelle even more uncomfortable . what she now have to say . jezelle ( swallow , she eye dampen ) it 's very particular . only want ... certain part from certain body . one of you have something it might like . ( darry swallow ) it will not stop follow until it know for sure . darry by try to run we off the road ?! jezelle ( shake she head ' yes ' , she voice a cut whisper ) it need to scare you . ( find 's trish 's eye ) there 's something in fear . something it can smell . brother and sister stare at she . jezelle make it easier for it . to know if there 's anything ina person it might .. like . jeeper creeper 83 trish like ? jezelle want . darry want ? jezelle +...to eat . trish oh fuck you ! ext . poho county sheriff' department . night . same time . many off duty patrol car . two officer just sit down in theirs . coffee cup in hand . engine turn over and they roll out of the lot . while at the opposite end , a old dark van roll into view . its familiar license plate vibrate slightly with the rough idle of the engine : beatngu now we think about the other way this plate could be read : be eat you ..... jezelle ( v.0 . ) I do not know what it be exactly . if it 's a demon or a Devil or just some hungry thing from a wick place somewhere in time . the van door swing open . engine still run as one of the creature 's foot set down on the asphalt . it 's black shoe marre with a tire track . jezelle ( v.0 . ) I just know it 's be do this for a lot longer than a hundred and fifty year . and it be not gonna stop . come after you or anyone else it want to . the other leg swing out awkwardly . out of a tatter pant leg the foot hang - barely attach . only by a length of dead flesh and a tear sock ... jeeper creeper 84 jezelle ( 0.s. ) ' Cause once it have the scent of something it like ...? with this horrid handicap , the creature start a grizzly , almost comical limp across the shadowy parking lot .... jezelle ( 0.s. ) it can not . it can not stop . int . poho county sheriff' department . night . same time . jezelle plead with darry and trish . her voice a urgent whisper : trish and you do not know how you know that , you just do , right ?! jezelle stare at she . eye welling . look so sad . like she heart be break . like there be something else she know . something too terrible for she to say . darry what ? jezelle shake she head no . can not speak it . darry what else ? darry take she by she plump arm . force she to look at he . darry goddammit you tell we this much now what else ?! jezelle ( the quietest whisper ) I tell you . jeeper creeper . darry I hear it . ( off jezelle 's look ) at the diner . nothing happen . jezelle no . it 's play on a old phonograph . ( more ) jeeper creeper 85 jezelle ( cont would ) ( try to sing in she frighted whisper ) jeeper creeper , where would you get that peeper ? darry and trish look at each other . this lady have really go over the edge . jezelle ( can barely say it ) I hear it play while one of you be scream . ( she eye find trish ) scream down in the dark somewhere . scream the last scream you will ever - suddenly light out ! the hall plunged into darkness . the desk sergeant lift the phone . desk sergeant we get light out up here . the facility have come to a abrupt standstill . trish , darry and jezelle , eye toward the ceiling . darry ( a whisper ) it 's go . we run it over until there be nothing leave . ( meet jezelle 's eye in the dark ) we kill it . jezelle it 's eat too many heart for it 's own to ever stop . int . poho sheriff' department . jail level . night . same time . a flashlight blare out the dark as officer tim mccurry start the long walk down a shadowy row of cell . officer mccurry head up gentleman . his flashlight fall over the first cell . two body sleep in upper and lower bunk . officer mccurry I say head up , gentleman . show I some skin . jeeper creeper 86 the inmate in the upper bunk stare groggily into the glare of the flashlight . inmate what the Hell 's wrong with you , man ? officer mccurry we have a black out gentleman . that mean emergency head count . ( drop he beam to the lower bunk ) lower bunk show I some skin . a angry hand jut out from under the blanket - middle finger extend . the Officer move onto the next cell . officer mccurry head count gentleman ... upper and lower bunkmate peer into the beam . Officer mccurry move to the next . stop when he hear a SOUND . ..-a wet SOUND . mccurry follow it . move quickly past several more cell . the SOUND have gone from slurping to crunching .... he be at the end of hall now . approach the last and darkest cell . the flashlight fall over something mccurry can not believe : the bar to this cell have be bent outward and apart . mccurry fumble with he free hand to get he service pistol out of he holster . take another step : the man in the cell freeze when the beam of light hit he . dress in a long black coat . squatte over something on the floor . mccurry look down : the body of a inmate lie in a pool of dark blood . at the end of he right leg - the foot have be chew completely off ... mccurry in shock . the figure , ignore the Officer 's presence now , return to he work . bow he head . suddenly thrashing it back and forth . the lifeless inmate rock with the same violent motion . jeeper creeper 87 mccurry move fast now . leap before the cell . level he pistol . the figure 's head drop back . mccurry halt by that horrible wet , crunching SOUND as the inmate 's arm fall into view : his hand go . a bloody stump add more crimson to the floor . mccurry cock he pistol . the sound be loud and cause the figure to turn . slowly . until he be stare up at mccurry past the gun barrel . mccurry paralyze : the creature 's white eye glaring up at he . its mouth and chin a bloody mess ... mccurry should have fire by now . too perplex and horrify at what he be stare at ... thwamm !!! it move so fast , mccurry only feel the bar of the cell slamm into he face - and service pistol fly out of he hand with the impact . he have be grapple , in a blur moment of speed , through the bar of the cell by the creature 's one good hand . the other hand : non-existent . just a empty sleeve as he hold Officer mccurry against that bar . nose to nose . surveying the Officer . that malevolent white eye stare into he . the SOUND of trickling . something trickling onto the ground . both cop and creature look down at the creature 's empty sleeve . a grayish powder trickle out of it . and with it , a new hand . drop down from inside the sleeve and splay its finger . replacing the one pummelle into dust by the tire of trish 's car . the creature take mccurry 's head in both hand now . leans in . close. closer ... and sniff . sniff he . leans in now . inhale he . savore he scent . - to the Officer 's horror and surprise . level that malevolent eye at he now -- and roar , the creature's mouth gaping OPEN and colliding with he head . jeeper creeper 88 we can not see clearly what be happen at the dark end of the corridor - just mccurry 's arm and leg flail madly as he scream . int . poho county sheriff' department . night . same time . emergency light flicker on . tiny pool of light from the corner of the ceiling . desk sergeant about goddamn time . trish , darry and jezelle stare up at they . lot of activity suddenly . officer everywhere move around in the semi-dark . desk sergeant all right we be go to a lock down situation , people . that mean everybody sit tight , and do not move unless somebody wear a badge tell you to . jezelle he 's here . trish and darry look almost angry at she for have say this . she regards they . nod in a chill affirmation . desk sergeant you kid wanna come with I ? all three whirl around , startle by the sergeant , suddenly behind they in the dark . desk sergeant we be gonna put you in a room down the hall here . with jezelle in tow , down the dark hall . desk sergeant uh-uh . ( point a thumb at jezelle ) not you , lady sherlock . ( call out ) someone escort jezelle here back to the big , blue winnebago she 's no doubt block the driveway with . two officer step up to escort she away . jeeper creeper 89 jezelle ( full of ire ) this kid be still in trouble ! I might still be able to help ‘em - desk sergeant I tell you : outta here ! jezelle you do not see what 's about to happen - desk sergeant ( to the officer ) let 's get Ms. hartman out of here , please . the officer start to back she up . she look to trish and darry with the most frighten eye . jezelle he 's gonna find you in here ! he 's gonna find you ' less you get out - desk sergeant alright now goddammit knock it off !! the officer take she by the arm now . jezelle get away from I ! desk sergeant I swear I will lock you up , jezz ' ! jezelle ( look to darry ) you believe I ?!! her frighten eye burn out at he . jezelle you believe what I say ?! darry panic . do not want to believe . move toward she as she be ushere toward the exit . jeeper creeper 90 jezelle I do not know if it would help but I have to tell you what I know ! darry be you dream ever wrong ?! jezelle just stare at he . darry you dream , be they ever wrong ?!! darry unnerve by the horrible sadness on she face . darry ( cont would ) you know , do not you ? jezelle you have to get out of here ! darry you know who die ! you know which one of we ! jezelle do not let they lock you anywhere in this building - darry you know but you do not have the gut to tell we ! jezelle look helpless . eye freeze on darry . gunshot ! faint . from a floor below . a frantic voice now crackling over a nearby officer 's walkie . officer one ( filter ) up top - this be the basement . we have a 10 - 34 . I repeat a 10 - 34 ! the officer take he walkie off he belt . the desk sergeant hurry to listen in . lot of commotion on the other end . officer one ( filter ) anybody on groundlevel ! jeeper creeper 91 desk sergeant ( grab the walkie ) kribb , go ahead ! officer one ( filter ) we get a situation down here sarge ' ! more gun shot now - heard both on the radio and faintly from the lower level . officer one ( filter ) its head toward you ! up the rear stair ! you copy ?! trish and darry exchange look . impossible . can not be he . officer one ( filter ) come up the rear stairwell ! pandemonium in the dark . officer racing toward the end of the lobby . desk sergeant ( to trish and darry ) stay here ! he run back down the hall - past jezelle stare at they . jezelle we gotta get you outta here . she move fast for a big woman . head down the dark corridor . away from the lobby . jezelle come on I say ! they move with she . darry take a final look back at the lobby where officer now hug the wall . stare down a corridor that end in the rear stairwell . the sergeant stare with the other at the dark stairwell . illuminate by a single dollop of light from one of the emergency overhead . four cop flank the wall before it . weapon draw . the sergeant hiss a urgent whisper into he walkie . jeeper creeper 92 desk sergeant somebody talk to I down there ! officer one ( filter ) we have one inmate and a officer down ! more officer respond . running out of the dark . the sergeant wave they back . officer one ( filter ) ramirez too , he 's hurt bad . son-of -a-bitch try to take a bite out of he ! desk sergeant what ?! a shadow fall over the stairwell . someone head up the stair . more gun shot . flashes from below etching the shadow which suddenly flicker up the wall and out of view . officer stare puzzle . where do this guy go ? officer one ( filter ) this guy be wear something ' cause we cannot take he down ! copy ? we can not take he down ! they can hear something move . get closer . gun aim down that dark stair . one of the officer , dane , look to the sergeant . get a nod . dane move forward . hugging the wall . very close to the stairwell now . jump aside the doorway . brave a look down . nothing on the stair . hear something in the stillness ... a sniff sound . somewhere in the dark . they can all hear it . puzzle by it . down the stair ? Officer dane look back at the sergeant . not see what everyone else do behind he : the creature 's head dropping into view from above . jeeper creeper 93 hanging upside down just inside the stairwell doorway ! the officer swing they gun to this horrible visage when - plosshh ! ! ! officer dane 's face erupt in SHOCK ! spraye suddenly with crimson . he chest have the creature 's hand sticking out of it . he have punched right through it ! in the creature 's horrible hand - the officer's still - pumping heart ! the creature swing back up out of view . take he bloody parcel with he . the man stare ahead in shock . dane just stare wide - eye with the hole in he chest . slurping and gargling sound as the unseen creature ingest what onlooker do not want to believe he could be . the heartless Officer try to say something now but can not manage it . Falls back and tumble down the stair . the desk sergeant and he man be the color of chalk as they regard each other in the terrible , silent shadow of the dark hall .... ker-oossshhhhh ! !!!! the ceiling over the doorway erupt . plaster and dust fly everywhere as the creature blast through the wall and onto he foot before the startle onlooker . he be instantly move . stepping forward in long powerful stride through the dust and the confusion -- directly at the officer and they gun . everyone open fire - bullet rip through the creature . one officer scream behind he - he body riddle with the same bullet --flying right through the creature and into he . the man watch in horror as the Officer flail back and crash to the floor . the creature reach out . yank another off he foot . twitches and convulse as the grip cut off he air . the creature still move . with he other hand , grip the Officer by the groin . hold he out now . a human shield as he stride down the dark corridor watch the other officer retreat in shock and confusion . two officer behind he , run at he . one have he pistol levele . the other scream at he not to shoot . jeeper creeper 94 officer two no !!! charge ahead himself . a fly tackle at the creature 's back . but it be like hit a mountain . he hit hard and hang on - grapple the creature around the neck . the creature still move . not even slowed . one man hang on he back and one he still hold in front of he . other retreate . scare . what the Hell be this thing ?! desk sergeant goddammit !!! the sergeant remain in the middle of the hall -his revolver aim at the approach nightmare . the Officer on the creature 's back start to pistol whip he . desperately try to stop he . but in a swift and vicious move , it swing around - slamm its back into the nearest wall . slam it hard . the Officer with it . the plaster on the wall crack with the impact . the Officer 's eye go wide as he spit blood . he collapse on the floor in a heap as the creature continue on . his human shield stare at he -eye bulg . Air still cut off . desk sergeant goddammit stop !!! you stop right fuck there !!! the creature raise he human shield over he head . before the man can fire at he expose chest -- hurl the Officer at they . but this be no ordinary throw - the man be rocketing down the corridor as if propel out of a catapult . Men be diving out of he way . one take out completely . tumble down the corridor with he and smash into a glass trophy case . it crash noisily to the ground on top of they . glass and trophies go everywhere . int . poho sheriff department back hall . night . same time . trish , darry and jezelle hurry through the darkness . can hear the chaos in the distance . come upon a large rear door with a safety bar and a alarm . jeeper creeper 95 darry try it . wo not open . tries it again viciously . whirl to jezelle . darry this be you way out ?! jezelle the door must lock automatically in a power out . darry you do not know that ?! jezelle well I be sorry honey but I can not dream everything now can I ? eye and ear on alert : the distant commotion be suddenly still . deathly still . jezelle we have to get upstairs ! trish we have to get out ! jezelle there 's no other way out down here except the front . trish how be we gonna get out from upstairs !? darry see it first : at the far end of the hall . a familiar silhouette . still . impassive . jezelle upstair . trish and darry dash up the stair and the creature take off toward they like a rocket . sprint so fast he coat billow in he wake , like dark wing . jezelle just kneel . no chance she could make it up that stair fast enough . instead , bow she head in prayer as the creature race toward she . jezelle we Father who art in Heaven , hallow be thy name ... jeeper creeper 96 the creature be so close she can feel he wind ... can feel it blast past she . her moment of doom have pass quickly . she turn and see the creature racing up the stair at top speed . int . sheriff department second story . night . same time . trish and darry run for they life . where to they do not know . the corridor be dark and maze-like . stop finally . confused whether to keep move or find a place and hide . they do not have to think long . the creature roar into view ahead of they and they start a nightmare flight back into the maze . the creature pursue with incredible speed . the kid practically fall around corner they be run so fast . behind they like some Dark avenger , the creature soar . gain . always gain . round another corner and halt : the kid go . several door they could have slip into . he choose one . the creature in the doorway . this be a interrogation room . Dark and empty . caught by its own reflection in the large mirror on the wall . a two - way mirror . on the other side , trish and darry , watch breathless . terrify as the creature survey the mirror and step toward it . the kid silent . holding each other . the terrible visage of the thing press against the glass now . do it sense something behind it ? that white eye stare in . as if they could see through it . and then its tongue come out . long. lick the glass from low to high in some horrible , pre-culinary gesture . trish and darry watch with repulsion . then relief . have leave a snail trail on the mirror , the creature be turn away . turn away from the mirror and - ker-tasssshhh ! !!! the plexi-window explode as the creature crash through it . trish and darry scramble back in a blind panic and a shower of glass . jeeper creeper 97 the creature in the center of the room . poise like a animal , ready to pounce . trish and darry can barely move . paralyze with fear as the thing step closer . back they to the wall . brother and sister , side by side . that hideous milky eye glare at trish . Burning into she . watch as he inch closer . darry start to move . pin against the wall instantly by the creature 's iron grip . pin there watch as the creature move even closer to he sister . trish ( barely a whisper ) darry ... nose to nose now they be so close . she can feel the horrid stench of he cannibal breath . its horrible , raspy whisper now : the creature sister , sister ... watch in terror as it get so close she think it might kiss she ... but it sniff she instead . short little sniff at first . darry and trish watch this in horror . then sniff long and deep as trish stare full of fear , into that horrible eye . eye that close as another deep inhale commence . they open again -abruptly . stare at she a moment longer and toss she aside . the creature instantly on darry . nose to nose . a big deep inhale as little brother watch . tries to find he sister , somewhere on the floor . his whisper like a child 's . darry please let I smell bad ... please let I smell bad , trish ... another long inhale . this time , the creature 's head drop back . darry can see the nostril . flaring . flutter . nostril do not flutter . jeeper creeper 98 they do it again . as if the scent they be sampling , send he nostril into uncontrollable twitching .... there can be no doubt , as the creature level that eye at darry - that it have find what it want . something about or inside he it find irresistible ... darry its gonna eat I trish .... this motherfucker 's gonna eat I .... clink clank ! rifle be cocked . big one . the creature halt but do not turn . the shattered window to the other room be fill with four officer in riot gear . the sergeant they leader . desk sergeant step away from the kid . the creature still do not move . stare at darry . desk sergeant ( cont no ) Darius ? just step this way with you sister . darry stare at the creature for a long moment . then slowly , inch down the wall . the creature watch he . once out from under he , darry scramble to trish and they fly out the door into the hall . the creature turn toward they , but all rifle raise . the creature slowly raise he head -eye glaring at they from a angry furrow brow that seem to say who in the fuck do you think you be ? the creature roar toward they and the gun blaze . int . poho sheriff department stairwell . night . same time . as the sound of a war rage overhead , trish and darry scramble down a stairwell that empty into the dark lobby . halted by the body scattered everywhere . like a massacre . one body stick half out a plexi-glass window he be throw through . a body at the corner of the sergeant 's desk be just a torso . his bottom half no where to be see ... jeeper creeper 99 trish and darry blast forward . sprint through the atrocity and toward the entrance . the glass door - also shattered by a officer's body hang half in and out . they step over he and out to the parking lot . ext . poho county sheriff' bldg . ext . night . same time . trish and darry search frantically for they car . they see jezelle 's winnebago . but not a sign of they own vehicle . no way to drive out of here . except for the creature 's black van still idling in the corner of the lot . more gunshot blast and flash from the second story . to darry , the choice be simple . he be sprinting toward the van . trish no ! Little brother sprint to the driver door and throw it open . a stench so foul meet he that he have to grimace . thinks twice about this now . darry I be not do this darry ! ka-tassshhhh ! !!!! two officer come crashing out a second story window . darry ( cont would ) trisha ! !!!! before they body can even hit the ground , darry brave the stench . leap up into the driver 's seat . reaches instinctively for the ignition . no key . the van be run without a key in the ignition . clutch the gear shift . sticky . look at he palm . sticky , congeal , crimson goo . its like a thin film over everything . the passenger door fly open . trish reach out for brother 's hand . halting with the stench . stare at he . he just give she arm a good yank and she be up and fly into the seat . the van rattling with she weight . and sounding like a windchime ? jeeper creeper 100 they look behind they and see why : the van wall be line with a incredible and grizzly array of spear , axe and knife . all hang from mount hook - the weapon clanking and tinkling together with the movement of the van . blade all stain by a eternity of atrocity . the creature appear now . on the roof of the building . darry stare in horror at he from the van window . even at this distance , catch in he terrifying , demon-blind glare . trish what the Hell be you wait for ?! darry grapples the sticky gear shift again - try to get it in first . the gear grind - shrieking as if they be soul be torture . the creature vault forward . leap impossibly off the roof of the building and onto the roof of jezelle 's winnebago . landing on he foot . glaring at darry . start across the parking lot . not on the ground . he have leapt into the air and be leaping from police car roof to police car roof with each stride . darry hang on ! damned gear . they grind away . trish stare back - the creature leaping from car to car like some nightmare gymnast . its tatter coat flap like dark , distress wing . darry finally force the gearshift forward . do not know if he 's in first or not . gun it . it lurch roughly and stop . must be in second . the creature hit one final car top and vault into space - directly at they . trish darry !!! the van lurch forward again . move now but not fast . jeeper creeper 101 ke --ronkkk !!! the creature smack into the side of the van . his face rear up into darry 's window . stare in . darry terrify . still try to get up speed . darry give I something !! trish out of she seat . the van lurching again . throw she into the back . tries to keep she balance . spear and battle axe clanging all around her . the creature rake he claw - like finger across the glass in a circular motion . slice into it with a horrible shrieking SOUND ! darry get I something ! !!! the creature rear he hand back - ready to strike the circle he have score in the glass ... darry trish - something smack into the palm of darry 's hand . he do not even take time to see what it be . just swing it at the window hard . ker-tasshhh !!!! he hit the creature directly in the face with a small combination hatchet / hammer . Glass fly out everywhere as the creature drop off the van . crash to earth as darry speed away . darry yesss!ii!ii!! trish watch . want to smile too . shout with joy like she brother . darry ( shouting into the rearview ) motherfucker ! !!!! but instead trish stare out the back window of the van . watch the daze creature raise he head . stare after they as they get further and further away . darry gun the engine . the van be really move now . Roaring away from the sheriff 's building and down the empty two lane . jeeper creeper 102 trish darry ... a warning from sis . brother check out the rearview : the distant creature be on he foot now . and run . running toward they . darry ( he smile more manic now ) he 's kid right ? in he rearview : the creature sprinting after they . sprint like Hell . trish he 's not get smaller ... he be actually gain on they . his leg a blur of darkness he be come so fast . darry check the speedometer : the van be do 120 mile a hour . and the creature be gain on he . darry you mother ..... darry 's foot flatten the gas pedal . to the floorboard . the old van shake and quake at this velocity . the spear and axe clanking noisily . then another impossible nightmare : the sprinting creature , without slow down - throw himself forward like a acrobat do a run tumble -- but when he complete he flip - landing on he foot again - he use the momentum to push off . and in a affront to gravity everywhere : rocket himself up into the night sky . up and go . out of view . brother and sister both see it . look to each other . whomp !!! something hit the roof of the van hard . affect the van 's trajectory . it weave across the road . darry try to win back control . ka-rankk !!!! the creature 's battle axe punch a hole in the top of the van , right in front of darry 's face . darry trish !!! she scramble for one of the spear . grab a short one . thrusts it straight up . over she brother 's head . jeeper creeper 103 thwaammpppp !!! pierce the roof and puncture 's the creature 's head . directly above the eye ! the creature lose he grip on the van , slide back and off , fall onto the road again . darry watch in the rearview . darry yes !!! Hit the asphalt hard . the spear dislodge as it roll over and over down the two lane . darry yessss !!! roll and roll and suddenly leap up , land on he foot and keep on come ! darry 's enthusiasm go . just watch breathless as this inhuman thing come at they again ! the creature have never move faster . so fast powder be come off he skin , a skin be eat away by the actual wind shear at this velocity . darry yeah ! burn you ass up you son - of - a-bitch ! he be like a comet now -a rocket of dust blast down the highway toward the van . trish watch it ... trish scramble for another weapon . the creature velocity be making its own hissing SOUND ... brother and sister listen to it grow louder and louder . trish with a angry look battle axe at the ready . see the scream dust storm be almost upon they . ka-pooommm !!!! the back door blast inward as the creature explode into the van . trish throw ahead against the dash . darry lose control again . the van hit the shoulder of the road hard ! Inside the creature advance . trish lurching forward with a axe at the ready for he . she swing it : jeeper creeper 104 thwock !!! he head be neatly slice off . leave a small puff of dust at he neck as it roll right out the back of the van and down the highway . the creature 's headless body staggering back . trish stare at it . charge ahead with the same weapon and hurl it ! direct hit ! knock the torso back out the door . it hit the asphalt hard and go roll and roll in sporadic puff of dust ... darry yes !!! the van roar ahead . in the distance . a train whistle . darry listen to it . look at he sister . darry where be he ?! trish take no time to stare out the window again . trish he 's dead ! he do not have a head !!! darry he 's not ! trish darry ! he do not have a fuck head !! darry he 's not ! trish how 's he suppose to eat any thing without a head ?!!! brother and sister stare breathless at each other . darry 's word be calm now . almost whisper . darry he 's not gonna stop . ( emphatically ) he be never gonna stop , trish !!! the railway crossing ahead . the clanking SOUND of the warning bell and the Automatic arm . darry get out ! jeeper creeper 105 she can not believe he say this . darry I mean it , get out ! ( off she incredulous look ) there 's grass over there ! trish he 's dead ! darry he 's not ! we both know he 's not ! the train horn blast now . a warning it be almost to the crossing . darry do it !! whomp !!!! something again hit the roof hard . they both look to each other ! darry trish ! !!! trish what the Hell be you gonna do ?! ka - rannkkk !!!! down come the creature 's hand again , make a larger hole in the roof of the van , grapple for darry 's head . it find he . hold on tight . darry scream . trish race forward . trish look out !!! she swing the axe again ! thwomp !!! the hand grapple she brother be severe . it fall to the ground and she kick it out the back of the van . it hit hard in a cloud of dust ... up top : the armless , headless creature reach down again with he one remain arm ... darry goddammit trish , I be not do this for nothing - jeeper creeper 106 trish you be not do anything without I ! she take another long sharp spear and thrust it through the roof of the van . up top : the spear-head pierce the creature 's headless torso , pin it to the top of the van . this make he more angry . his remain arm reach down for darry - grapples with new violence for he head . find it . darry try to wrench it off he . it start to pull he upward . trish run forward with she axe but little brother surprise she . grab she arm and pull she onto he lap . trish darry ! force the axe out of she hand . kick open he door . look terrify as he flash a last look at she . darry bye sis - throw he sister out of the van . she scream as she hit soft grass and roll and roll . the train be upon they . warning bell deafening . light flashing . and darry clutching the arm of the creature as tight as he can . the creature lift he - up out of he seat . darry fight it . brace himself with he hand against the roof of the van . darry you get I ?! you get I you son - of - a-bitch ?! huh ?! the van roar through the railway crossing , breaking through the automatic arm . trish in the grass , stunne . look out . the van on a collision course with the oncoming train . trish darrrryyyyyy !!! iiii11111 jeeper creeper 107 the train roar ahead - its whistle blasting as the van reach the track at the same moment . the headless creature struggle . darry clutching it 's arm - help it to remain impale to the roof of the van , as - - ka-blammmmmm !!!! the train smashes into they ! the van concave immediately . rupturing the gas tank and exploding in a savage ball of FIRE that send rocket of smoke and flame launching out of the inferno in all direction . trish be already cry . sob as the blast light she bruise and bleed face . it be raining debris now . fiery debris and bit and piece of cloth and metal . but nothing human . nothing inhuman for that matter . trish stare ahead from the grass . sob . inconsolable in the tall grass . slow dissolve to : ext . train crossing . morning . two hour later . trish in a police car . in the back seat . wrapped in a blanket . still in shock . worker sifting through the ash and debris of what lay across the track . jezelle knock on the window . trish roll it down . jezelle you parent be wait for you back at the sheriff 's Building . I hear it on the scanner . trish do not look at she . just stare out . jezelle draw a breath and start to step away . trish you dream be wrong . jezelle stop . turn and look at she . trish sometimes . darry do not die like you say he would . jezelle sometimes . jeeper creeper 108 jezelle nod in silent agreement . though there be something in she eye we cannot discern . she turn away . move toward she winnebago . trisha look on . somewhere we hear the tune jeeper 's creeper 's . instrumental version . playful . strange in this grim context as we : slow dissolve to : ext . old packing plant . late day . somewhere off that same country two lane , in the long shadow of the die sun , this old pack plant sit . it be rusted and sagging and as we approach , and we music continue , we begin move down . down toward the ground beneath the old structure .... int . old packing plant . basement level . night . in dank darkness , the music continue . sound like it 's play on a phonograph somewhere . yes a phonograph . the old kind with lot of analog hiss . we move toward the music , along a empty wall . at the end of which , in the long shadow , a tall figure ina cape- like coat busy himself . though we can not tell with what until we be up close . sewing . stitch . finger work nimbly with coarse black thread . we see now the wall be not entirely empty . several body be mount there . not the ancient dead we have see underground at the church . this be fresher . of much more recent demise . sewn together in the same grizzly fashion we know too well . and then ker-plunk ! a new body be hang next to they . hung on a hook which we can not see . Young darry . Eye lid sewn shut with large , nasty look stitches . the latest addition in this new mural of human horror . jeeper creeper 109 the instrumental bridge of the song end and the lyric echo in this vast underground chamber . ...- jeeper creeper , where have you get that peeper ? jeeper creeper , where have you get that eye ? echoing as we begin to back away from this sad and grizzly sight ... the creature beginning to sew darry onto the other . as this begin we slowly fade to black as we song continue : ...- jeeper creeper , where have you get that peeper ? jeeper jeeper , weeper creeper , where do you get that eye ?