after the truth by Christopher & Kathleen riley '' 1997 , 2004 Christopher and Kathleen riley all rights reserved now you will know . in blackness a wagnerian aria play , a crystalline tenor solo haunt in its beauty . faucet squeak OPEN and water run . fade in : a gleaming porcelain sink bloody hand plunge beneath the water . they wash vigorously , with the thoroughness of a surgeon . blood swirl down the drain , a great deal of blood . series of closeup now spotless , this hand -- soft , smooth and young -- adjust the cuff of a black uniform tunic . every move be quick , precise , efficient . manicure finger fasten a gleam button . the hand rub out a invisible blemish on dazzle black boot . a stiff uniform collar be align . what little be see of the face be boyishly fresh , clean-shaven and benign . the hand groom impeccable brown hair , position a uniform cap and pull away to reveal the grim death 's head insignia of the Nazi ss . the tenor solo soar heroically , but be silence by a sudden cough . the cough bridge a -- time CUT to : a old man' fist five punish decade have pass , and the hand that be once smooth and young have become a wizen fist . it cover the mouth of a man who hack painfully . what can be see of he face suggest advanced age . the skin be loose , deeply line and alarmingly grey . the hand descend to a gleam button . the top one , just below the stiff black collar . the hand grasp the button and slowly unfasten it . the tunic be fold and place atop a pair of black pants . the ss cap drop onto the neat stack . hear a baby crying -- and a hushed debate in german . ext . gunzburg , germany - late afternoon rain fall heavily on this prosperous bavarian municipality . ( continued ) continued : at town center stand gunzburg 's modest courthouse . the baby cry and the hushed argument continue . int . courtroom - same time the crying and arguing be louder here . at the defense table vashistha , a frighten young pakistani , sit beside a fresh - face assistant defense attorney name hillmann . hillmann glance anxiously into the gallery where vashistha 's wife wait , torment by the cry of she baby -- whom she do not hold . across the aisle , a social worker try to quiet the wailing infant who 's sheathed from the waist down in a body cast . but the real action be take place at the bench where lead defense attorney peter rohm , 40s , too - long blond hair curling over he collar , battle judge and prosecutor . they german segues into slightly accented English : peter you have no evidence . none . what 's the point of drag this out ? the prosecutor be a bitter old war horse . prosecutor the point , counselor , be to protect the child from further brutality at the hand of she father . peter brutality ?! she fall from he arm . Three witness agree it be a simple accident -- prosecutor of course they agree , they be all -- he break off . Peter turn to the gallery ; the witness gaze back -- three dark - face Pakistanis . peter ( quietly ) they be all what , herr prosecutor ? intelligent adult ? trustworthy observer ?... the shine future of the fatherland ? ( continued ) continued : the judge raise a hand in warning . judge counselor -- peter ( unrelent ) at least we can trust the doctor . as I recall ... ( a smile for the judge ) he 's blond like we . judge herr rohm . peter ( thunder ) Defense move for dismissal . ext . gunzburg courthouse - late afternoon the rain have intensify . the courthouse door swing open and the angry prosecutor emerge , raise he umbrella and march down the step . the door open again and the vashisthas appear -- the baby asleep in she tearful mother 's arm . they descend the step . once more the door open and Peter and hillmann emerge . they pause as hillmann raise he umbrella . Peter watch he depart client with satisfaction . peter ( an_axiom ) always tell the truth , Felix . it 's the great freedom we have . ( and ) Bet they do not teach you that in law school . Peter tuck he own umbrella beneath he arm and stride into the rain , face skyward , get happily drench . close on desktop cigarette smoke and shadow . a bulg manila folder lie open on the desk , full of handwritten page . bony finger dial a rotary telephone , number after number . not a local call . the voice of the caller be hear , a age man : mueller ( 0.s. ) ja . it 's I ... how be you feel ? ( continued ) continued : there 's something slightly mock in this voice . something unwholesome . the finger pick up a german passport . mueller ( 0.s. ) ja , of course I have it . the passport be thumbed open to the photograph of its owner . mueller ( 0.s. ) no , no , you should not worry ... he 's perfect . catch a glimpse of the photo : a smile Peter rohm . ext . rohm house ( gunzburg ) - evening daylight be wane as a old volvo pull into the driveway of this handsome two-story . the corner of a curtain flick aside , as if someone inside be watch . elderly woman ( v.0 . ) here he come ... be you ready ? elderly man ( v.o. ) ja , ja , ready . Peter and hillmann climb from the car and approach the house , Peter contentedly soaking up more rain . he pause at the front door , the porch light dark something amiss . he try the door and find it unlock , throw hillmann a wary look , then push the door wide . int . rohm house light flash on and a clamoring mob surround Peter , lead by three figure : hilde , a slight woman of 70 , beat on a cast- iron skillet . this be Peter 's mother . max , he father , a big , convivial man somewhere past 70 , oompahe on a old tuba . and cory , Peter 's wife , a what - you-see-is - what - you - get beauty fiery enough to hold she own with Peter , snap a flash picture . the crowd -- aunt , uncle , niece , nephew and cousin -- shout " happy birthday !!! " Peter be delighted . this people clearly think a great deal of Peter , and he of they . cory note Peter 's soak condition with affectionate dismay . ( continued ) continued : cory oh , Peter ... max ( knowingly ) must have win another one . the phone begin to ring . cory head upstairs to answer it , call over she shoulder : cory get out of that clothes -- you be drip on my floor . int . upstair hallway party noise filter up from below . cory 's on the phone . Peter approach , towel drape around he neck . cory ( to phone ) what 's wrong with the quote ? this morning you love it . Peter lean in for a kiss . cory playfully evade . cory of course he deny he say it . it make he look like the money - grubber he be . Peter loop he towel around she neck . she duck coyly out of the towel and stay with she call . cory Paul -- Paul -- you know I better than that . he say it . if he do not it would not be in my article . Peter snake he soggy arm around she . cory I have he on tape -- want I to play it for you ? back against the wall , cory change tactic , plant a quick but serious kiss on Peter . then , with a crooked smile , she push he on he way down the hall . cory no , no , you have question my journalistic integrity , I insist . ext . rohm house - back yard - evening the niece and nephew play soccer in the rain . shelter by a veranda , Peter and the adult surround a table cover with gift box . Peter have change into dry clothes and be modeling a ridiculous red plastic hat in the shape of a charge boar . cory snap he picture . at the far end of the table Max hold forth , hillmann he captive audience . max ... we have some neighborhood hoodlum who be always pick on this little Jew boy . ( to hilde ) what be he name ? hilde ( no hesitation ) herschel . max herschel ... I believe you be right . hilde you know I be right . the youngest of Peter 's niece , kat , about 5 and completely overrun by the older child , appeal for aid . kat uncle Peter . uncle Peter , fly I . cory lean close and whisper to Peter . he grin and whisper back . share lover ' secret . peter ( remove hat ; to hillmann ) a distinguished gift . I will wear it tomorrow in court . hillmann chuckle uncertainly . cory do not laugh , Felix . he will do it . kat uncle Peter -- with a war whoop , Peter leap off the veranda into the rain . ( continued ) continued : cory Peter ! he scoops kat into he arm and charge after the ball , use she dangle leg to drive the ball past protest defender into the makeshift goal . peter scooo00000000000000re! !! kat squeal with glee . on veranda - later Peter rejoin the party from the house , toweling he hair , change into another set of dry clothes . max ( still roll ) he be walk home one day ina terrible rain , he must have be 10 or 12 year old -- hilde he be seven . max Seven ... really ? a fight like that ? hilde it be before we move up on the hill . as Max think about that , hilde hand Peter a card . max ( concede the point ) Seven year old . he come upon that hoodlum bully he little friend -- and go after they with he umbrella . Max make wild swashbuckle gesture , cackle at the memory . max that afternoon when he walk in the house he umbrella be bent , he lip be bleed , he clothes be soak -- and he be laugh like crazy . ( a proud nod toward he son ) because he would win . ( continued ) continued : Peter finish read the card and look up at hilde , move by its content . he give she hand a quick squeeze . peter thank you , mama . only one unopen gift remain . cory hand it to Peter . cory last one . it 's wrap as if for a child . peter cute . who 's it from ? cory you bring it from the office , do not you , Felix ? felix this be the first time I have see it . Peter sense a joke . peter papa ... max not I . peter ( the crowd ) anyone ? his gaze settles on cory . cory I really do not know , Peter . it be in the house with the rest of the gift . peter coward . he dig in , tear away the paper . as he lift off the top , everyone lean forward with anticipation . peter ( play the moment ) look like ... another hat . ( continued ) continued : with a flourish , he whip it from the box . hilde draw a quick gasp . Max 's jaw tighten . max what in hell -- Peter sit transfix . holding the cap of a Nazi ss uniform . after a freeze moment , he reach back into the box and pull out a black uniform tunic . hilde dear God in heaven ... Peter turn urgently to cory . peter you must have some idea -- cory no , it be just ... here . no one know more . int . rohm dine room - night nearly everyone have go . the uniform be spread across the table and Peter examine it under the light of a desk lamp , Max and hillmann watch over he shoulder . cory clean up from the party , want nothing to do with this investigation . max most of this uniform disappear in the last day of the war . the ss dumped they and try to pass as wehrmacht regular . peter ( hold the tunic to the light ) look at the stitching here . see where the insignia should be ? it 's all be remove . hillmann why would a person do this , Peter ? what do it mean ? cory who care what it mean ? get rid of it . ( continued ) 10 . continued : max ( a hood look to Peter ) maybe something to do with viktor kohl . hillmann . viktor kohl ? no answer for that , except : max maybe someone put two and two together . another look between Peter and Max . max they use to stamp the serial number inside the collar ... so they would not get mix up in the laundry . ( to hilde ) be not it the collar ? hilde ( flat ) the lining . Inside the leave cuff . hillmann raise a eyebrow at that as Max fold back the cuff and hold it to the light . insert - left uniform cuff as Max 's finger work the material , rotate it in the light , a set of badly fade number come into view . only four digit be legible : 4397 . max ( 0.s. ) there it be ... what 's leave of it . on scene Peter and hillmann bend low over the uniform . peter ( read , memorize ) four three nine seven ... four three nine seven ... he stride toward the stair . cory turn in alarm . ( continued ) 11 . continued : cory Peter ...? peter I need to check a file . horned viking helmet and floppy court jester' cap perched together in shadow . only the odd outline be distinguishable in the room 's low light . footstep approach . cory ( 0.s. ) Peter -- what file ? a light switch be throw illuminate the colorless helmet and the dazzle jester 's cap . the hat rest atop a file cabinet . Peter enter and bend over the cabinet , insert a key and unlock it . bypass the top drawer label " a - F , " he open the second one , " G - m , " flipping through the file at the rear of the drawer . cory watch uneasily . cory which file be you look for ? he look up . peter it 's go . the sound of rain be prominent . Peter 's gaze fall on the open window . he cross quickly , feel the wetness of the curtain . peter do you leave this open ? cory no , of course not ... Peter look out the window into the night . cory Peter -- what have you do ? when he do not answer , she urgently shut and lock the window . ext . gunzburg residential STREET - night the rain have stop . a party be break up and teenager , Heineken bottle in hand , move toward they car . ( continued ) 12 . continued : Peter 's volvo pull into the driveway of the house directly across from the party . Max and hilde emerge . they pause at the driver 's window . max well ... happy birthday , such as it be . hilde be you sure you and cory would not feel better stay here ? peter we be fine . really . do not worry . hilde I be you mother . I get pay to worry . she reach through Peter 's open window and depress he door lock . peter ( a smile ) good night . Max and hilde walk to the house . Peter watch until they be inside before he begin back from the driveway . spot a set of taillight approach rapidly along the curb , he stomp on the brake . just short of the driveway the other car , a dark mercede , stop as well . Peter wait . there 's room for the mercede to back safely past . it do not . peter come on . come on. ( call out window ) go. but the mercede ' light go off . exasperate , Peter resume back from the driveway . but just as he come in line with the mercede , it reverse again . peter ( shouting ) no ! -- no ! -- watch where you be go ! you be go to -- laying on he horn , Peter step on he accelerator . there 's no time . the mercede crunch against Peter 's front fender . ( continued ) 13 . continued : peter ( disbely ) he hit I . Peter climb out as the mercede pull forward . Max appear . max ( call ) careful -- kid 's probably drunk . Peter approach the driver 's door . the mercede again pull forward . Peter pursue -- but whenever he get close , the mercede pull further ahead . not run . just play with he . cat and mouse . peter hey ! hey ! you hit my car ! now he break into a jog , trot alongside the car as it roll forward . he reach for the door handle . peter you be in no condition -- the car 's interior light snap on and the driver be illuminate . this be no drunk teenager . he 's in he late 80s , exceedingly tall and gaunt , clad in black , a skeleton with skin . mueller . for a instant he gaze into Peter 's eye , he face light with perverse delight . Peter 's grip on the door handle falter . with a diesel growl , the mercede pull away . Peter sprint back to he own car . max Peter -- do not ! -- but Peter jump inside and set off in pursuit . int . volvo - night eye focus on the distant mercede , Peter accelerate like a maniac . ext . intersection in downtown gunzburg - night the mercede catch the tail end of a yellow light . second later Peter arrive to find the signal red and the intersection full of cross traffic . as soon as it clear , Peter give chase . 14 . ext . edge of town - night the mercede flash past a manufacturing plant on the outskirt of gunzburg . on one wall of the factory appear the company name in huge light letter : " mengele . " ext . densely wooded highway - night the volvo race beneath the tower evergreen as the mercede ' light disappear around a bend . ext./ int . volvo Peter navigate the curve and look ahead . the taillight have vanish . in a unseen turn - out the mercede idle , light off . as Peter 's volvo pass on the main road , the mercede ' headlight snap back on , illuminate a muddy , rutte path into the forest . the mercede start up the path . Peter veer onto the shoulder , pull a U and come racing back to the turn - out , sloshing off -road , tire throw mud ... until he car slew to one side and sink to a halt , up to its axle in mud . int . volvo Peter pound the wheel in frustration , watch helplessly as the mercede disappear over a ridge . on path flashlight in hand , Peter pick he way up the incline . he draw to a halt at the top , he way obstruct by a mass of barb wire . switch off he light , he take in the wide clear below . on the far side of the clear a light glow from behind a low building . in clearing Peter slog through the maze of twisted gate and barb wire pen , move steadily toward the backlit building . mercede stand dark and quiet . Peter peer inside . turn from the mercede to the dark building . a wooden chute slope up into its dismal maw . Light come from within . grasp the side rail of the rotting chute , Peter hoist himself upward . 15 . int . dark build huge freezer door stand ajar . meat hook dangle . and on the far side of this abandon slaughterhouse , a gape freight door open onto a long platform . it be from somewhere on this platform that the light come ; in that light , indistinct shadow move . Peter ease toward the doorway . he arrive to the sound of mute laughter , follow by a sudden cracking , like the splintering of bone . he freeze , hold he breath . wait . and wait . and wait . then , summoning courage , he step outside . ext . freight platform - night Peter stare into the light , unsure what to make of what he 's see , he hold breath slowly expell . before he , regally attire and seat at a small table spread with a linen cloth and set with silver service for two , be Mueller . a single parlor lamp shine over he shoulder . he 's eat crab , cracking the shell with gusto , bent over a thick stack of papers which he read as he eat . Peter search the shadow for danger before step cautiously into the light . Mueller cackle at something he 's read . mueller oh yes , well put . and finally he look up , off-handedly , as if welcoming a old friend . mueller Peter . good of you to come . ( gesture to the empty seat ) hungry ? Peter stand he ground . peter who be you ? mueller ( with relish ) I , Peter , be a cheat . anda liar . a highly - pay perverter of law in the service of outlaw . peter ( flat ) you be a attorney . ( continued ) 16 . continued : mueller ( he smile ) like you . ( then , as if it 's a significant concession ) you may call I Schmidt . will that be acceptable ? or maybe Mueller . it 's a good german name and less common than Schmidt . would you like to call I Mueller ? peter be that you name ? mueller be that my name ? you make it sound so simple . Mueller smile as if at a child then turn back to the papers . mueller ' 27 October , 1982 . dear frau holtz , I have not yet receive any reply to my numerous request for a interview . however , I remain eager to discuss with you you former classmate -- here he break off , set the page aside and read from another . mueller ' ... eager to discuss with you you former neighbor ... ' ( and another ) ' ... you former student ... ' ( and another ) ' ... you former colleague ...' etcetera , etcetera . he look at Peter who have grow very cool . mueller I have dozen of letter like this , receive by people all across Germany over a span of 15 year , yet always inquire about the same man . always seek information about ... ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . continued : mueller ( cont 'd ) ( shrug noncommittally ) ... acertain local celebrity . a hero of the last war . ( let that lie ; then ) they all bear the signature of a man name viktor kohl . Peter remain silent . the old man 's gaze drop to Peter 's untouched plate . mueller be you sure you will not eat something ? when Peter make no response , Mueller take the plate and dump its content onto he own . he eat ravenously . mueller the letter bore as a return address the number of a post box here in gunzburg . I come to gunzburg to find herr kohl and ask he the reason for he interest ... but the mystery only deeppen . from beyond the circle of light come a indistinct creak . Peter 's eye snap toward the sound . mueller I find there be no viktor kohl . the name be a pseudonym -- a fiction . ( pause ) who be he , Peter ? and why be he hide behind a falsehood ? another creak , as if someone have step on a loose board . Peter 's eye search the shadow . mueller be he a enemy ... or a secret friend ? or be he neither ? perhaps he be simply ... confuse ... uncertain where he true sympathy lay . Peter bristle . ( continued ) 18 . continued : mueller of course all this remain purely speculative until ... very recently . ( savor a bite ) oh , this ... this be delicious . and , when he 's good and ready , he slide he stack of letter aside to reveal a fat manilla folder . mueller earlier today , in a home in gunzburg , this file be discover . and in the file -- copy of every one of viktor kohl 's letter . he hold Peter in he unflagge gaze , a shark 's smile spread slowly across he face . mueller Peter , be you viktor kohl ? peter ( right back ) be you josef mengele ? Mueller laugh . and laugh . mueller you let you imagination run away with you . the good doctor drown year ago . they have he bone , you know . the laughter subside . Mueller 's gaze darken . mueller why so many question , Peter ? why this obsession with thing past ? his gaze bore into Peter , as if he be in some way assess the man 's worth . though Peter make no answer , Mueller nod . mueller oh yes . you will do . ( extend he right arm in a sloppy salute ) Heil Hitler . Mueller reach casually to the lamp and switch it off , plunging the scene into darkness . ( continued ) 19 . continued : the SOUND of sudden movement . Peter 's flashlight click on and find Mueller 's chair , now empty , then redirect , move toward the lamp . just as it arrive , there 's a sharp blow . a gasp . the flashlight drop to the platform . then the flashlight be switch off . black screen the absolute silence of death . second pass . then barely audible sound in the distance . perhaps voice . and then , with the suddenness of a onrush locomotive , the darkness come alive with sound : voice , laughter , public address announcement , all on top of one another , all too loud and somehow grate . among the sound : airport p.a. ( v.0 . ) lufthansa announce the immediate departure of flight 964 . final board be now underway at Gate 15 . a voice ( v.0 . ) Medical transport this way please . second voice ( v.0 . ) ticket . thrid voice ( v.0 . ) I will need the patient 's passport . slow fade in : series of distorted image Light overtake darkness . all be shroud in thick fog , as if view through a film of vaseline . Movement . the interior of a airliner . a stewardess . a iv bag hang overhead . a glimpse of a white medical uniform . but then darkness return as : pilot ( v.0 . ) Flight attendant , prepare for departure . light again . Blue sky overhead -- and the hang iv bag . the rear door of a ambulance swing open . a youthful face appear . the face comfortable ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : a nice smile . the face turn he attention to the iv apparatus , inject something from a syringe . the face Rest now . the world descend again into blackness . int . rohm kitchen - cory sit in a straight - back chair , red-rimme eye gaze vaguely ahead . officious voice ( 0.s. ) frau rohm ? at length she eye focus . cory have you talk to everyone at that party ? do you get a list ? officious voice ( 0.s. ) we be work on it . she 's battle a almost irresistible urge to wild panic . cory be they all account for ? do any of they own a dark - color mercede ? officious voice ( 0.s. ) we be check . ( then ) tell I about the miss file . what be the purpose of you husband 's research ? cory ( a distinctly unhappy memory ) he be go to write a book . at a disturbance outside , cory look off sharply . ext . rohm house - night cory rush out . two police officer be excitedly raise the garage door . they shine flashlight inside , illuminate Peter 's volvo -- the same car he abandon stick up to its axle in mud . it now rest in the garage , spotless , park right where it belong . cory run toward the car . ( continued ) 21 . continued : cory Peter ?!!! but one of the officer turn from the car , shaking he head negatively . fade to black . fade in : inside a cramped , beige cubicle a peculiar little room , not much bigger than a closet , view from a odd , canted angle . music be vaguely audible in the distance , possibly a opera . above , a bare bulb protrude from a undecorate wall . to the side , a sink and bathtub . reverse to : int . bathroom - peter slump like dirty laundry atop the commode , he head rest cock - eye on the toilet paper dispenser . there 's a nasty scrape above one eye . he squint groggily , lift he head and wince . find a cotton ball tape to the back of he hand , he rip it away , examine a pinprick on the skin beneath . then , staggered by a wave of nausea , he turn , grop to raise the toilet lid , and hang there panting ... homicide on he mind . fade out . fade in : int . bathroom - some time later Peter rise unsteadily to gaze into a mirror . he steady himself on rubber leg , gingerly touch the scrape above he eye . moan . int . narrow hallway the music be louder here . definitely opera . something by wagner . Peter sway down the passage into the main room of a simple house , where he turn a ungraceful full circle , take in the austere furnishings . the only concession to luxury be a modest stereo system against one wall , the source of the opera . the room be in perfect order . ( continued ) 22 . continued : peter hello ? his gaze fix on the front door . ext . farmhouse - front porch - day a postcard - perfect scene . Rich green pasture land rise to meet a soar range of glacier mountain . a gravel road pass before the house and stretch away , empty as far as the eye can see . peter hello ? int . farmhouse Peter move shakily to a stack of journal on a table , grab the top one : " journal of the american college of oncologist . " beneath it be another journal , title in Spanish . another in german . he move into a austere kitchen . he throw open cabinet and drawer , rifling they , look for some clue to he whereabouts . he find nothing . he pause , opera build , he eye wander ... he fill a glass at the kitchen sink . it slip from he unsteady grip and shatter , soaking a countertop telephone and the directory beside it . the cover of the phone book catch he eye . he grab the book . a cowboy be picture atop a buck bronc . emblazon across the photo : calgary , alberta . on peter stun . peter Canada ? he sag against the counter , overwhelm with nausea , pain and confusion . the opera have become unbearably loud . Peter lurch toward the stereo . he punch button . the music continue . he punch more button but the music will not stop . with a burst of anger he overturn the stereo , bring the opera to a abrupt end . breathless , he slide to the floor . sweet silence . out of the silence come a sound . a horse's whinny . then another whinny and a man' voice . sudden close angle on peter his eye fly open . 23 . ext . farmhouse Peter weave onto the back porch . ina stall build against the outside of a barn a mare pace in agitation . shadow she be a wobbly - legge foal . Peter warily approach . the mare whinnie . from inside the barn come the voice of a old man , soothing and almost musical . baumgarten ( 0.s. ) easy , my mare . easy . through a window , movement catch Peter 's eye . he move closer to see : through window age hand fill a syringe . peter move to get a more complete view , but a water trough block he way . the hand disappear from the window . the mare snort and whinnie . Peter ease back toward she . baumgarten ( 0.s. ) ( ever calming ) be still , mare . be still now . the voice come from the stall . Peter try to get a look , but the mare obscure he view . only the man 's tall boot can be see . baumgarten ( 0.s. ) easy , girl ... I will not hurt you . Peter climb the rail fence surround the stall . baumgarten ( 0.s. ) baby 's hungry . we need to get you milk go . with difficulty , Peter reach the top of the fence . he teeter , fight for balance . a lose battle . inside stall Peter land heavily in the dirt . at the sound , the foal skitter away . and suddenly he 's see : heinz baumgarten , in he eighty , dress in simple work clothes and that tall boot , at the mare 's flank in the process of inject she with the syringe . in stark contrast to the sinister Mueller , baumgarten appear grandfatherly and utterly benign . ( continued ) 24 . continued : he say to he visitor without any hint of mockery : baumgarten Peter . I be so grateful you have come . then , with a peculiar kind of exuberance , the old man turn and disappear into the shadow of the barn . profoundly unsettle , Peter follow . int . barn by the light of a grimy window , baumgarten gather bottle and syringe . from a distance , still muddle , Peter watch baumgarten , something about this man rendering he momentarily speechless . and now baumgarten turn . in he hand be a black leather bag . a medical bag . Peter 's eye lock onto it . baumgarten surely , Peter , you suspect ... even hope ... baumgarten 's gaze penetrate Peter . baumgarten tell I it be not so . the old man 's sincerity be eerily compelling . Peter shake he head , rejecting the impossible claim . his tongue be thick . peter josef mengele be dead . I have see he bone . baumgarten you have see bone . yes you have . but not mine . and baumgarten sweep out of the barn . int . farmhouse kitchen - gleaming porcelain sink squeaky faucet be cranked on . Water run . a wagnerian aria soar . age hand disassemble syringe and plunge they beneath the water , wash vigorously , with the thoroughness of a surgeon . a door open 0o.s. on scene the stereo have be righted . Peter enter . ( continued ) 25 . continued : baumgarten crank off the faucet and replace the serum bottle and needle in the medical bag . peter ( all he can muster ) why ... why be you ...? baumgarten stop he work and turn he full attention to Peter , exceedingly earnest . baumgarten Peter -- my friend -- I can not tell you how long I have want to bring you here . as my guest . all you letter . you question . I long to answer . ( beat ) please believe this be the only way . baumgarten 's word carry a peculiar seductive power , and in he befuddle condition , Peter fight they effect with difficulty . baumgarten you searched for year , prepare to write the definitive volume on josef mengele . but you be never able to write it . why ? what question could not you answer ?... ( then ) ask they now . baumgarten reach inside he jacket and extract a airline ticket folder and a passport . baumgarten or , if you be persuade I 'ma liar ... or a madman ... he place the ticket and passport on the counter between they . baumgarten . of course you be free to go . Peter stare at the ticket . peter after all you do to get I here ... you will let I go ? just like that ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : baumgarten be that what you want ? Peter regards baumgarten ... then the ticket . ext . roadside - dusk Peter stand at the side of the road , clutching passport and ticket . baumgarten watch from he porch , completely unruffled . a taxi pull to a stop . Peter turn back for one last , bewilder look at baumgarten then duck into the cab . baumgarten placidly watch he departure . int . toronto INTERNATIONAL airport - night Glass door part to admit Peter who survey the busy terminal and head toward a bank of phone . int . rohm house - morning it 's daylight in gunzburg , and cory , look draw , be set the breakfast table when , in another room , the phone begin to ring . she stiffen as hilde answer . hilde ( 0.s. ) rohm house . a moment , then a gasp . hilde ( 0.s. ) Peter !!! cory race from the room . int . hallway hilde beam at cory . hilde it 's he . cory tear the phone from hilde 's hand , 36 hour of suppress terror explode in a frenzied blast : cory Peter ?! where be you ?! where have you be ?! be you alive ?! !! int . toronto airport - night at the sound of cory 's voice , all of Peter 's weariness , tension and confusion unravel ... and he begin to laugh . ( continued ) 27 . continued : peter yes . and , in spite of himself , all he can do be hold the phone and laugh . peter yes . int . AIR CANADA jetliner - in flight - morning Peter sleep in the window seat , blanket draw loosely around he . a flight attendant collect a empty coffee cup . beat . someone pass on the way to the lavatory . beat . a male passenger , too close to be see in full , pause near the sleep Peter , then slip into the empty seat . beat . the man take hold of Peter 's blanket , pull it up , the better to cover he . p.a. ( v.0 . ) in preparation for we landing in Berlin the captain have turn on the no-smok sign . please return you seat and tray table to they full upright position . the Flight attendant tap Peter 's arm . flight attendant Sir ? we be about to land . she move off as Peter come to consciousness and dutifully raise he seat back and close the tray table . and finally , still a little bleary , he notice the man seat beside he : baumgarten dress in a simple but immaculate suit . baumgarten you miss the sunrise over Iceland ... unspeakably beautiful . Peter jolt fully awake . for the first time face this man with he faculty intact . baumgarten tell I , Peter . the notion that a man should be consider innocent until prove guilty , do you accept it ? ( continued ) continued : peter ( flabbergasted ) what be you -- baumgarten innocent until prove guilty -- do you accept it ? peter of course I accept it . why be you here ? baumgarten and this man mengele -- what do you think of he ? Peter look at baumgarten as at a crazy man . answer be immediate . peter what do I think of a doctor who butcher hundred of thousand ? I think he 's burn in hell . baumgarten you condemn he ... though no court convict he . peter no court have the chance . or ever will . ( pointedly ) because he 's dead . I have study the remain myself . baumgarten be unflappable , he tone mildly condescending . baumgarten you have study the remain . be you a forensic scientist , Peter ? peter I be a attorney . I know how to evaluate evidence . baumgarten then evaluate the evidence before you eye ! peter what evidence ? a old man with a doctor 's bag ? ( more ) 28 . but he ( continued ) 29 . continued : peter ( cont 'd ) ( then ) when I first hear that mengele 's grave have be find I refuse to believe it . it be unthinkable that the Butcher of auschwitz have escape justice . I check every shred of evidence , determine to find the mistake . ( shake he head ) but there be no mistake . the evidence be absolute . absolute . ( a burn look ) so stay the hell away from I . int . jetway - day the first passenger off the plane , Peter stride up the jetway , distance himself from the madman behind . camera move with he as he emerge into : int . berlin AIR terminal - day he 's blind by the glare of intense light . a voice cry out : voice ( 0.s. ) there 's the attorney ! a jumble of television light , camera and microphone extend toward he . voice shout question . there 's a fleeting glimpse of the predatory Mueller . then hillmann , frantic , emerge from the crowd . hillmann Peter , I get you fax . peter . what fax ? do not you talk to cory ? and then she voice , almost lose in the din : cory ( 0.s. ) Peter ! peter ( strain to find she ) cory ?! separate from he by the phalanx of reporter , she struggle to get through . but the reporter go wild with cry of : " there he be ! " " be that he ? " " will you talk to we ? " Peter 's up on he toe , try to keep cory in sight , when a hand fasten firmly around he elbow . he whip a look to he side to see : 30 . baumgarten he hold Peter in a surprisingly strong grip and step forward with Peter involuntarily at he side . baumgarten smile shyly and speak into the outstretch microphone : baumgarten thank you . I ... ( wait as the crowd fall silent ) as you know , I be Doctor josef mengele . the press erupt in a torrent of question . baumgarten turn to Peter and declare over it all : baumgarten and this good man , herr Peter rohm -- have agree to represent I at trial . Peter go white . he shout to the press : peter no , that 's a lie -- i_am not this man' attorney -- I am not -- Men wear the crisp uniform of the german Federal Police move in fast , lead by Federal prosecutor horst voigt , a big , gruff man in he 5as . voigt what be you do in the middle of this , rohm ? peter no , horst , I have nothing to do -- but the federal officer surround Peter and baumgarten and sweep they side by side through what have turn into a near-riot . Peter struggle vainly to separate himself from baumgarten , he eye search wildly for cory . ext . berlin airport terminal - day Peter be stuff into a dark mercede sedan . baumgarten be push into another , a heavy armored limo with black - out window . the car pull away . int . mercede - day Peter 's sandwich in back between two officer , furious at he predicament . up front , voigt flip briskly through : ( continued ) continued : 31 . voigt Argentine passport date 1956 , in the name of josef mengele . paraguayan passport date 1959 , issue to ' Jose ' mengele . Lab note from auschwitz bear mengele 's signature . ( look to Peter ) this package do not come from you ? peter I have never see that document in my life . voigt ( wave fax ) and I do not suppose it be you who notify the press . peter horst , I be kidnap ! ext . berlin street - day the speed convoy turn into a large university hospital near the city 's center . Men spill from the car , whisk baumgarten into the building . Peter pause at the car door , lay a hand on voigt 's arm . peter please , horst -- all the time we have face off in court ... I give you my word : whatever game that old man 's play , I be no part of it . ( he plea ) send I home . voigt do you miss that little show at the airport ? whether you know it or not , you be a part of it . and until I prove baumgarten 's a fraud , neither of you be go anywhere . two formidable officer move in on either side of Peter . over this , the monotone of a interrogator : interrogator ( v.0 . ) State you true name . 32 . int . hospital conference room baumgarten sit before a roomful of investigator as the uninspired interrogator read from a list of question . Peter and voigt listen from the rear of the room . baumgarten my name be josef mengele . interrogator State you father 's name . baumgarten Karl mengele . interrogator mother 's name . baumgarten walburga mengele . baumgarten answer easily . interrogator the name of you first wife . baumgarten schoenbein . irene schoenbein . my family do not care for she . too Protestant . too ... strong - will . baumgarten smile at the memory . convincingly authentic as a aging gentleman reminisc about a lose love . Peter applaud , slow and loud , impossible to ignore . peter congratulation . a-plus . you do you homework . the attention of the entire room turn to he . voigt if you have something to say , rohm , say it . peter of course he know the answer . what do you expect ? we be not deal with child . voigt oh ? who be we deal with ? ( continued ) 33 . continued : peter who benefit by open this old wound , by put Germany at war with itself ? Old Communists from the East ? Old fascist ? New fascist ? look out the window , horst . there 's someone out there -- use we . voigt who ? tell I . who ? peter any of a hundred group . I do not know . I only know that 's the question we should be ask -- not the name of josef mengele 's mother . voigt be thoughtful . voigt we must tread carefully here . serious allegation have be make . this investigation must pursue all avenue until we find irrefutable proof that this man be a fraud . peter we already have proof -- the DNA , the dental record , the bone -- baumgarten break in , he voice clear and commanding . baumgarten the bone , as you call they , belong to my cousin gerhard sladkey . he drown while swim in Brazil . ( beat ) he be similar to I in appearance . peter similar ? same height , same dental record ... same DNA ? baumgarten reach inside he suit coat and extract a yellow envelope . ( continued ) 34 . continued : baumgarten gerhard be , for reason of he own , live discreetly in Sao Paulo . after he drown , friend bury he at embu , then break into my dentist 's office and trade he record for mine . then , at the right moment , with my pursuer close in , this friend lead police to the grave of josef mengele . the chase end . ( beat ) gerhard be a close enough relative that he DNA make a convincing match . he forcefully extend the envelope . baumgarten this be the dental record of josef mengele . ( and ) ask I anything . I will answer any question you like . Peter ignore the envelope , unmove by this tale . baumgarten do not be a idiot . ask I . ask me. peter tell I this . why would a man who spend fifty year run for he life suddenly just ... turn himself in ? the question seem to please baumgarten . his word come laden with emotion . baumgarten the Jews ... the Jews say I mutilate they woman , they say I cut they child to piece . the Butcher of auschwitz they call I . ( roar ) but I be not a butcher . no !!! ( quietly ) I be a physician ... a man of heart ... a man of compassion . ( continued ) 35 . continued : peter a man of compassion who mutilate woman and cut child to piece . baumgarten be a surgeon a butcher because he cut with a knife ? because he find a disease limb and remove it to save the whole body ? ( fiercely ) that be not butchery , that 's medicine . Peter 's eye narrow infinitesimally . int . university hospital - series of quick scene a ) baumgarten lie on he back as technician position a x-ray apparatus above he . B ) a technician position caliper alongside baumgarten 's skull , measure the span between he temple . cc ) a brigade of investigator work a bank of phone . red-haired investigator baumgarten , right . what date do you show he enter the country ? second investigator everything we know . bring every last file . I have already speak to the ambassador . D ) a team of photographer position baumgarten . a strobe flash . int . a SMALL , murkily - lit room - night his cadaverous face in shadow , Mueller gaze at something or someone unseen . he extract a cigarette and light it , inhale deeply . voigt well ? another long drag on the cigarette . mueller welcome home , herr Doctor . Mueller bare he yellow tooth . fast CUT to : 36 . int . hospital corridor a door fly open and Peter emerge , disgust . he step across the corridor and throw open a window , allow the night air to wash over he . Mueller step through the doorway , flash Peter he sharkish smile and stroll away . as he go , Mueller pass a long line of aging man and woman seat uncomfortably along the wall . voigt step from the shadowy room . voigt katarina meissner . frau meissner , a stalwart old woman devoid of emotion , trundle into the room . a commotion arise at a security checkpoint down the hall . combative female voice the prosecutor approve it !!! let_me through !!! Peter turn . peter cory ? cory Peter !!! she push past the security man , rush to Peter and throw she arm around he . they hold one another ina ferocious embrace . kiss . cory oh , Peter -- she lean back , inspect he , soaking he in . he 's here . he 's real . he 's alive . she see the scrape above he eye . cory what do they do to you ? peter it 's a bump . it 's nothing . be you alright ? cory I be now . he usher she to a unoccupy bench . cory Peter -- the fight I have to get in here . what 's go on ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : peter baumgarten madness . and voigt be take it all seriously . ( he frustration ) all they need be one discrepancy -- one tiny detail that do not match . which give she pause . cory and what if ... what if they can not find anything ? peter they will . and then we be go home . frau meissner step from the room , in she eye the terror of have see a ghost . frau meissner no , no . no , no , no . voigt ( emerge behind she ) frau meissner -- frau meissner that_man_is not we josef ! she flee down the hall , leave cory profoundly unnerve . ext . ministry of justice - morning a convoy move with police escort through the historic government district to the justice Ministry . baumgarten be move under heavy guard into the building . voigt supervise , ignore the shouting Reporters . reporter ( overlap ) herr voigt , over here ! / it 's be a week -- why the delay ?/ be it true a decision will be make today ? int . justice ministry - conference room - later dozen of expert around a long table , at the head of which stand voigt . photograph of two handwritten document be project on a large screen . ( continued ) continued : british analyst . note the minor difference in loop width , here and here -- noticeable yet consistent with the normal evolution over time of a individual 's -- voigt Professor , please . you conclusion . british analyst ( a beat ) if this be a forgery , it 's the best we have ever see . voigt turn to another of the assemble . voigt DNA ? geneticist we have no genetic sample from mengele himself . period . so we be force to rely on relative . all we can say be that the subject be related in some way to the mengele family -- with a genetic match roughly comparable to that of the embu remain . a beat . voigt Dental record . another expert we be still check but so far he story about the cousin hold . voigt Professor krill . the screen behind voigt light up with two new photograph , one of josef mengele as a fresh young ss captain , the other a current likeness of heinz baumgarten . krill the purpose of this exercise be to compare measurement take between fix point on each face , look of course for any detectable difference . 38 . ( continued ) continued : a ghostly 39 . voigt and what difference do you detect ? krill well , of course I do not detect any or we would all be home now , would not we ? ( then ) watch this . x- ray image of a skull separate from the photo of baumgarten and glide into the space between the photo . the x-ray krill a x-ray of baumgarten 's skull ... now we overlay it . image float toward the youthful photo of mengele , overlap until it achieve a perfect match . Peter stare at the screen . silence . voigt we launch this investigation believe it would last fewer than 24 hour . and yet one week later -- here we be . ( a beat ) in the face of the evidence we have see , can any one of you make a persuasive case that heinz baumgarten be not in fact josef mengele ? voigt a decision must be take . we try this man as mengele or we let he go . another voice herr prosecutor , please , we be move too fast . and another what about the embu remain ? the evidence for baumgarten be no better than the evidence for the bone . voigt no better -- but also no worse ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : a reluctant murmur of assent . voigt then I ask you : what choice do we have ? Peter sit stock still , unblink , he imagination ablaze . int . justice ministry corridor - moment later voigt lead a troop of official to a guard , unmark door . int . justice ministry - SMALL room - continuous action baumgarten look up as the door be throw open and official flood in . he rise , eye dance with anticipation . voigt hauptsturmfuhrer josef mengele ? baumgarten ( crisply ) yes. voigt it be my duty to place you under arrest for war crime , for crime against minority , and for crime against humanity . handcuffs be snap into place . baumgarten , greatly satisfied , survey the crowd ... look for someone who be not there . he 's whisk from the room . int . justice ministry move under heavy guard . baumgarten where be Peter rohm ? the company descend a staircase . baumgarten Peter rohm -- where be he ? have he be release ? they move through another corridor , stop before a steel - reinforce door . ( continued ) 41 . continued : baumgarten i_demand to see my attorney . the door be unlock and he 's lead into : int . holding cell where he 's uncuffed . before he realize what 's happen , the official withdraw and lock the door , leave baumgarten disorient in the shadow cell . he pound the door and rage : baumgarten i_want my attorney !!! get I peter rohm !!! baumgarten fall back from the door . for the first time , he look old and tired and perhaps a little bit frighten . and that 's when Peter step from the shadow . peter I be not you attorney . ( beat ) I have be release . I be leave Berlin . recovering he equilibrium with astounding speed , baumgarten turn . baumgarten how nice for you . why be you still here ? peter I would like a answer before I go . why I ? baumgarten consider . baumgarten I like my question better . baumgarten cross to a simple bed where he remove he suit coat and fold it with precision . baumgarten you be a starve fish , Peter . circle the worm . long to bite but terrify that inside you will find a hook . be I josef mengele ... or be I not ? you do not know . ( continued ) 42 . continued : Peter turn for the door . call . peter Guard ! baumgarten and if I be mengele , what then ? will you swim away , little fish ? ( right at Peter ) you be incapable of it or you would be go already . Peter turn back . outrage . peter you break into my home , you kidnap I , you slander I in front of the world . baumgarten step to a expose toilet where he tear off a length of toilet paper and fold it into a neat pad . baumgarten I be a sick old man . I do nothing . baumgarten dampen the pad of toilet paper and begin polish he shoe . Peter rap loudly on the door . peter Guard ! the door open . baumgarten why you , Peter ? Peter wait . baumgarten because you be Germany 's most eminent attorney ? not at all . do you think I need you to -- what -- defend I ? ( emphatic ) i_do not want it . you hear I ? I want no defense . Peter wave the guard off . the door close . peter why then ? ( continued ) continued : 43 . baumgarten you be select for one reason only . you be know to be that rarest of creature . a honest man . finish with the first shoe , baumgarten polish the other , take a intimate tone . baumgarten I will tell you a secret . I have come to tell my story . to tell it all . exactly what I do at auschwitz and why . a thing that 's never be do . he finish the second shoe and straighten . he speak with dazzle intensity . baumgarten help I , Peter . help I tell the truth . peter josef mengele do not return after fifty year to make a confession . baumgarten to tell the truth . baumgarten crank on the water and vigorously wash he hand . he crank peter what truth ? the selection ? the gassing ? the butchery in the laboratory ? baumgarten the truth ! ( exuberantly ) I deny nothing ! I be ashamed of nothing ! peter you would take responsibility for all that crime ? baumgarten crime , Peter ? crime ? off the faucet and turn , hold he wet hand high like a surgeon who 's just scrubbed . ( continued ) 44 . continued : baumgarten we will have to see about that . Peter be repulse by the magnitude of this man 's perverse arrogance . he reach for the door . baumgarten naturally you have a great deal to consider . so many love one . you do not want to bring harm to any of they . Peter 's jaw tighten . peter what be you say ? baumgarten only that you have a great deal to consider . int . justice ministry elevator quitting time . the elevator descend , pack with depart worker . at the rear of the elevator stand Peter , bone tired and shake to he core . int . justice ministry - ground floor lobby the elevator door slide open and passenger exit . Peter be the last to step into the lobby . a woman 's arm encircle he . cory Peter . he wrap she in a fierce embrace . cory oh , thank God . they really let you go . he pull she toward the door . peter let 's get out of here . cory Peter . we need to call home . he see she face . stop . something 's wrong . cory you mother call . they can not find you niece kat. ( continued ) 45 . continued : Peter 's blood freeze . peter Little kat ? he reach for he cell phone . cory she and the boy be at the soccer field . they all run home but kat never get there . peter ( dial ) how long ago be this ? cory I do not know , a couple of hour . when I talk to you mother , they be check with friend . int . max and hilde's house - day Max pick up the ringing phone . max rohm house . a police officer cross the room behind he . max Peter ! ( and ) no , no , false alarm . everything here be wonderful . follow the police officer to the next room where Peter 's sister clutches 5 - year - old kat . max she 's back ... no , it be stupid , really . she get lose on the way home and a young man help she . he drive she around until she see a house she know . ja. bring she right to we door . the officer speak to hilde . she sign a paper . int . justice ministry lobby Peter hang up . tell cory : ( continued ) 46 . continued : peter she 's fine . she 's home . it be nothing , completely innocent . word he have difficulty believe . ext . justice ministry - day News crew press in around Peter , shouting question as he and cory exit . ignoring they , he push forward . in the street a car pass , the young man inside shouting , hoot and wave a Imperial german flag . Peter turn back to gaze darkly at the upper floor of the old building . wonder . he finally allow cory to pull he away . int . berlin AIR terminal - afternoon Peter and cory move in a line of passenger through the airport security check . Peter 's quiet , he mood dark . cory watch he uncertainly . cory I be afraid you would decide to stay . peter ( beat ) why would I do that ? cory to do what you have always talk about . find out what turn we neighbor into a butcher . Peter say nothing . cory Peter -- if that man be mengele , he be we neighbor by accident . he have no connection to we . peter I keep try to believe that . cory and now you be go home . she kiss he on the cheek . a quick , sweet kiss full of gratitude and relief . int . airport men' room Peter stand at a urinal . when he finish , he turn and cross to a row of sink where a knot of man be gather around something tape to the mirror . 47 . insert - a photo blow - up Peter 's niece kat . she 's surround by a half - dozen young man , they face cropped from the photo but they arm raise in obvious Nazi salute . peter shove through the group , rip the photo from the mirror and study it in fury . int . AIR terminal cory look up from a newspaper as Peter return . one look tell she something be desperately wrong . cory what ? ext . fog - bound seventeenth-century fortress - late afternoon fog shroud the ancient stone tower and soar rampart . across the road , Peter climb from a taxi . int . fortress gateway official notice and warning adorn the wall at the entrance to this federal facility . armed police guard swing open the giant door to admit Peter . int . fortress - opulent banquet hall - late afternoon the stone wall be hang with medieval tapestry . down the center of the room extend a long wooden table . Peter sit stiffly on one side , wait , until a door open and guard shepherd prisoner baumgarten in . he sit opposite peter. smile . baumgarten miss you plane ? Peter slap a legal pad on the table , tremble with rage . peter josef mengele on multiple occasion injected dye into the eye of unsedate prisoner . do you inject dye into the eye of unsedate prisoner ? beat . then , as if the question have never be ask : ( continued ) 48 . continued : baumgarten how familiar be you with the medical habit of the dutch ? Peter repeat , hard and cold : peter do you inject dye into the eye of unsedate prisoner ? baumgarten I will happily catalogue my experiment for you . but it 's the dutch physician we must -- peter ( override ) josef mengele keep the eye of decease prisoner pin to a board like butterfly . do you keep such a board ? baumgarten remain genteel . baumgarten Medical study often require the collection of specimen . now please listen . Medicine in the Netherlands -- peter josef mengele personally select up to 400,000 man , woman and child for death by gassing . do you select this individual for death ? baumgarten regards Peter with he own quiet fury . baumgarten I think you want to understand . peter do you select this individual for death ? ( and again ) answer the question : do you select this individual for death ? and finally it come , a explosion : ( continued ) 49 . continued : baumgarten yes , peter ! yes ! TI did it ! T did it all i_confess everything !!! the ferocity of the outburst silence peter. baumgarten stand . baumgarten walk with I . a faint , almost subliminal sound begin , a slow , throbbing hiss . ext . fortress parapet fog hang thick atop the high wall where Peter walk uneasily with baumgarten in the fade light , shadow by a trio of guard . the hiss be louder . baumgarten do you know , Peter , how many doctor staff auschwitz ? peter not the exact figure . five. six . baumgarten the exact figure be 22 . myself ... and 21 other . peter how many of that other volunteer for duty at auschwitz ? how many meet arrive train to perform selection on they day off ? how many other do it sober ? baumgarten Medicine be hard work . not everyone have the stamina . baumgarten turn down a narrow stairway . ext . inner ward a courtyard within the fortress . the disquieting hiss build . baumgarten be you familiar with the work of Karl bind and Alfred hioche ? ( continued ) continued : Peter be and 50 . t . and can not fathom its possible relevance . baumgarten physician . year before Hitler , they write a book they title the permission to destroy life unworthy of life ( a assignment ) read it before we meet again . before Peter can protest : they near the place baumgarten bind and hioche see incurable patient , suffer patient , patient whose life have lose all meaning . to this patient , the physician offer nothing but prolong misery . a compact citadel at the center of the ward , of last defense . the rhythmic hiss seem to emanate from within . baumgarten unless -- and here be the book 's genius -- unless the physician abandon the slavish pursuit of life for life 's sake and instead grant this patient release . ( beat ) sometimes , argue the author , rule by mercy and compassion , the physician must kill . baumgarten reach the entrance to the inner citadel . he turn toward Peter . Peter can and baumgarten in the day before the war , everyone in german medicine understand this . t believe it . peter that 's you defense ? auschwitz as popular medicine ? you be insane . I have know medical people from that year who never accept -- ( continued ) 51 . continued : baumgarten ( overlap ) oh , you have know people ? who have you know ? peter individual of principle . individual inalterably oppose -- baumgarten who ? peter ( combative ) my mother for one . baumgarten you mother be a doctor ? peter a nurse . at the wuerzbach Children 's Clinic in Berlin . baumgarten ( astonished ) the wuerzbach Children 's Clinic ... really ? ( slow , secret smile ) well ask she . I be sure she can tell you . with startling vitality baumgarten shove open the heavy door . int . citadel - continuous action a eerie relic fill with deep shadow . the throbbing hiss be much louder here . baumgarten hasten forward . peter ( provoke ) my mother work for 30 year at a school for the mentally handicapped -- contribute to life you book would have dismiss as meaningless . baumgarten ( a look back ; caustic ) do you think I invent auschwitz ? be that what you think ? ( more ) ( continued ) 52 . continued : baumgarten ( cont 'd ) all the tissue sample I collect -- where do you think they go ? who do you think fund my research ? they have arrive at a narrow stairway . baumgarten plunge downward . the throbbing quicken . on stairway Peter follow baumgarten down . with every step , the menace throbbing intensifies . peter you maintain that everything mengele do at auschwitz be a function of mercy and compassion . baumgarten without exception . peter the work of a dutiful physician . baumgarten yes , Peter . yes. peter ( hard ) explain greta holtz . baumgarten 's eye narrow . he can not place the name . peter at the railroad siding . she be select for gassing . baumgarten search he memory . peter she do not cooperate . before they now , all have become utter blackness . the hiss be now a roar . Peter must shout . peter she would not stay on the truck . josef mengele would remember . baumgarten look up sharply . at that instant , the roar crescendo and a enormous black mass thunder out of the darkness , blow dust and soot all around they -- a mountainous steam locomotive scarcely a arm 's length away . ( continued ) 53 . continued : a string of decrepit cattle car follow . between the car , flash of light be see . the last car pass and a grim scene be unveil across the track : halt on a siding , a train disgorge a procession of rag passenger . shout soldier herd they toward a raise platform . atop the platform stand a young ss officer , polished cane in white - glove hand . josef mengele . Peter and baumgarten remain visible in f.g. as passenger be make to pass before mengele , who divide they into two group . the group on he leave be crowded onto open - bed truck . mengele be distract by a disturbance that have erupt around a young woman who resist as soldier force she onto a truck . once aboard , she climb over the side and drop back to the ground . Soldiers surround she . peter mengele have select she for death . she resist . he be outrage . baumgarten watch as young mengele leap down from he platform and , with the back of he white - glove hand , strike the woman . he shout furiously as the soldier wrestle she back aboard the truck . baumgarten ( deeply unsettle ) throughout my tour at auschwitz , I never harme anyone . I can say this absolutely and categorically . the truck begin to drive away . the woman throw herself over the side , clamber to she foot and run blindly . within second mengele be upon she , strike she repeatedly with he cane , brutally and without mercy . at the first blow , baumgarten turn he back . baumgarten everything I do be do with the utmost courtesy and professional concern . the woman fall and mengele kick she savagely . ( continued ) 54 . continued : baumgarten some duty require great courage . when at last she lie still before he , mengele turn and march back to the platform . Soldiers throw the bloody body onto the truck . peter this be medicine ? baumgarten ( with mount fervor ) do you know what life be like at auschwitz ? Hell . a hell in which child and the old and weak suffer unspeakably -- with no hope for survival . a hell from which I offer the only escape . ( then ) do not be naive , Peter . Medicine will never conquer every disease . and there will always come time when caring physician must kill . ( finally , barely a whisper ) this be the defense of josef mengele . Peter look at the old man as if at Satan himself . peter behold the angel of death . int . fortress - mengele's cell - night a austere , windowless accommodation of cold stone . toilet , bed , chair and write table . separate by a wall of bar , Peter and mengele sit face away from one another . Peter 's head be down , he eye fix on the poor . mengele appear exhaust . after a lengthy silence : mengele it 's terrifying , Peter , this moron strutting around with shave head and baseball bat , play dress - up like overgrown child . deny anyone die at auschwitz . who do they think be go to believe that ? imbecile . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . continued : mengele ( cont 'd ) ( and ) so easy to manipulate . but impossible to control . mengele stand and step to the bar . mengele the size of you family -- it put you in a extremely dangerous position . as a father , a son , a husband -- I sympathize . Peter never speak . mengele you can put a police guard on every dear one of they and then by some tragic mix - up at the pharmacy you father receive the wrong medication for he cardiac arythmia . simple as that . now Peter , full of thunder contempt , stand and face mengele , only the bar between they . peter no member of my family must ever be threaten again . agreed ? mengele smile with he eye . mengele I think , Peter , you be be drag kick and scream exactly where you have always want to go . hold . ext . berlin airport - night Peter hurry from a taxi into the terminal . int . berlin AIR terminal - gate area - night a flight be about to board . cory look like she 's just be tell the most tasteless joke of she life . cory Peter , be serious . she choke out a strangle , disbely laugh . ( continued ) continued : 56 . cory you agree to defend josef mengele ? peter not to defend he . to help he tell the absolute truth . cory do not know what to say . this be too outrageous to comprehend . cory I be wait for the punch line . peter there be no punch line . this be something I need to do . cory no. no . what you need to do be get on this plane with I and go home . Peter want nothing more than to do exactly that , but all he can say be : peter I can not . cory of course you can . Peter , you have one foot on the plane this afternoon . what happen ? Peter turn away . agonize . turn back . peter do you remember that story when I be nine or ten and I go sledding and crash into my friend Erik 's tree ? cory oh , Peter . not this . not now . peter and Erik 's sweet old uncle carry I inside and hold I on he lap until my parent come ? and sing Christmas carol in that awful voice , " Silent night , holy night , " and I tell my mother I think he be the kindest , most wonderful man I would ever meet ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : cory Peter -- I remember . peter do you remember what she tell I ? cory that during the war he would be a officer at treblinka . peter she tell I that that kind , wonderful man be a killer . ( beat ) she tell I that my home town be full of killer . and that the cruelest and most monstrous of they all be a doctor . he be a doctor . how do a thing like that happen ? cory study he . no sale . cory Peter , what happen here this afternoon ? he do not answer . cory 's flight be call . a line of passenger form . cory this do not make sense . you be risk you practice . risking you reputation . risking we . what be not you tell I ? Peter be silent . cory 's fury boil over . cory Peter , this people beat you and drugge you and ship you halfway around the world -- and you could have die . and now you want to go back for more ?! ( stand ) you would better figure out what you be do before you destroy everything that matter to you . she head for the line of passenger . on cory in line with angry tear . ( continued ) 58 . continued : Peter watch she for a long moment before crossing to she . when at length he speak , it be with a new and far more vulnerable tone . peter last summer , when you editor try to kill herself -- do you remember what you tell I then , about need to understand why ? cory I remember that I talk to she . I write about it . and I get past it . peter but what if -- what if that same summer both you sister have walk out on they family and check themselves into psychiatric hospital ? and then you get a call that you mother have slit she wrist ? cory ( appal ) Peter -- peter would not you start to wonder ? ground zero ) if it could happen to you ? she_ catch the brokenness in he voice and turn to really look at he . this be no idle curiosity at work but something far more visceral , issue from deep within . cory what be you say ? you be afraid you be go to turn into someone like josef mengele ? he can not answer , but what she see in he wide eye soften she . cory but do not you know how crazy that be ? nothing 's like that be ever go to happen to you . peter how do you know ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : cory ( hand to he cheek ) because you be a good man . peter be 1 ? cory the very best . peter have you ever think how many thousand of Germans it take to gas six million Jews ? do not you think any of that people start out like we ? how do good people go bad , cory ? I have think about it since the day I meet that kind old killer ... but never ... ever ... have I find a answer . ( again ) how do people go bad ? Peter 's soul laid bare before she , cory look at he with deep compassion . peter maybe josef mengele can tell I . and maybe then I can get past it . for the first time , cory see the inevitability of it all . she make a huge and unwelcome decision , equal part outrage and devotion . she step out of line . step to Peter . cory damn you . int . HOTEL room - night the phone ring unanswer . Peter enter and hurry to the phone . peter rohm here ... yes , horst . intercut : int . berlin hospital - icu - on voigt he 's grim . voigt how serious be you about take this case to trial ? ( continued ) continued : 60 . peter why -- what 's happen ? voigt after you leave he tonight , the old man collapse in he cell . they think it 's a stroke . behind voigt , medical personnel attend a prone patient . Federal police nearby . peter ( disbelief ) I be just with he -- how bad be he ? voigt bad . on top of the stroke it look like he 's full of tumor . peter Cancer ? voigt everywhere but he eyeball . he have to have know for month . peter is_ he ... be he conscious ? can he talk ? voigt look across the icu to mengele , run through with probe and tube , lie very still . voigt right now , he can not do much of anything . he 's drool a little . I be call because the preside judge be just here . we go to trial Monday morning . peter Monday ?! Three day ?! impossible . voigt we have no choice . if we do not start Monday , we may not start at all . cory have enter behind Peter . he look to she with unbearable heaviness . ( continued ) 61 . continued : voigt rohm ? be you there ? peter ( finally ) I be here . in cloud White wisp in the morning blue . a telephone be dialed . peter ( v.0o . ) yes , I be try to locate a Dr. Karl Gross . be he at this number ? camera descend , take in the top of a stately old building . hillmann ( v.o. ) Dr. heinrich knaupt . I be tell you might know he whereabouts . peter ( v.o. ) no , no , that 's beckmann . Dr. julius beckmann . b-e-c - kk ... camera continue its glide down the side of the grand structure . hillmann ( v.o . ) we be interested in talk to you grandfather .... I be very sorry , I do not know . STREET noise surge as camera reach ground level , revealing a scene crawl with hawker , gawker , protester , press and police . superimpose : criminal justice build , berlin camera push forward , past protestor hold sign that declare " never again , " between television news crew , through a knot of tattooe thug in leather jacket . peter ( v.o. ) how 's the patient ? ( frustrated beat ) call I if there 's any change . camera move into the noisy lobby of the courthouse where officer perform body search on everyone who enter . 62 . int . criminal justice build - courtroom no . 700 - morning the gallery be pack . cory sit near the back , ill - at - ease . behind she sit Mueller . a contingent of armed federal police sweep in , follow by a medical team tend a gurney on which lie mengele , plugge into a battery of portable monitor , eye open but vacant , stare down and to the leave . they whisk mengele into a glass enclosure , a compact , bulletproof intensive care unit . look like he have not sleep in day , Peter turn to hillmann . peter we have nothing , Felix . the trial 's beginning and we have nothing . he shove a sheet of legal paper toward hillmann . peter check out this name . hillmann be it any use ? every doctor who ever study or work with he have die or disappear . we have get to try something else . peter the defendant 's in a coma . unless he wake up ... there be nothing else . Peter stuff the list into hillmann 's hand . peter go. hillmann move off . five solemn judge sweep in and take seat behind the bench . there be no jury . preside judge on the record in the matter of Germany versus . mengele , let the record show the defendant be present ... herr rohm present for the defense ... herr voigt for Germany . voigt sit with a team of assistant . judge herr voigt , you may proceed . ( continued ) 63 . continued : voigt rise with assurance , he manner straightforward and untheatrical . voigt you honor , Germany will show that the defendant , josef mengele , stand at the railroad siding of auschwitz and knowingly select thousand upon thousand of individual for death by gassing . ( beat ) that he perform fiendish experiment unparalleled in cruelty . after each charge voigt pause , allow its full weight to register . a damn cadence . voigt that he trafficked in the corpse of he victim , dispense body part like Christmas gift . all attention in the courtroom be focus on the glass enclosure . voigt that he stand on the abdomen of pregnant woman cause they fetus to be expell . cory recoil . Peter close he eye . voigt Germany will show that nobody make the defendant do this thing . he do they because he want to , with the enthusiasm of a man who love he work . voigt 's hand come to rest atop a unmark cardboard box on he table . voigt half a century have pass since the defendant commit he crime , and most witness have die . we be leave with they swear testimony -- ( pull a yellow file from the box ) -- affidavit describe in horrifying detail the crime they suffer . ( continued ) 64 . continued : voigt stuff the file back in the box and carry it to the glass enclosure to gaze in at the accuse . voigt because of the extraordinary circumstance surround this trial , Germany have agree to call only a limited number of witness . however , to do justice to the multitude of witness and victim we be unable to hear -- voigt stride across the courtroom , camera sweeping with he to reveal a mountain of box stack to the ceiling , a staggering sight . voigt add he box to the mound . voigt -- Germany submit they testimony for the record . voigt take he seat . the preside judge look to Peter . preside judge for the defense ? Peter look at the motionless defendant , the tantalize stare , the head title down and to the leave as if he might simply be lose in think . Peter turn back . impotent . peter nothing at this time . preside judge Germany may call its first witness . int . berlin HOTEL room hillmann 's bent over a telephone , papers and phone book spread across the bed . hillmann ( into phone ) you have no idea where he go after he retire ? he never phone , never write ? int . courtroom no . 700 - on stand - estelle a frenchwoman in she sixty . voigt stand before she . ( continued ) 65 . continued : estelle ( the memory vivid ) we would be on the train six day when the door finally open and everyone begin jump out . Soldiers shout at we and push we into line . up ahead , a officer be separate we into two group . when we get close enough to see this officer , I be surprised that he be a handsome young man with a kind face . I would be frighten by the soldier but this face reassure I ... Peter look up , stir by something in this testimony . estelle he be whistling ... and he point my sister and she baby to one side and I to the other . I speak up and say she 's my sister and could not we stay together . he say my sister be go toa special family camp , but we would see one another later ... I wave goodbye to elisse , and the officer start whistling again ... voigt do you in fact ever see you sister or niece after that ? estelle of course not . there 's no record they ever come to auschwitz ... voigt do you know the officer 's name ? estelle ( flat ) mengele . voigt no further question . voigt return to he seat . judge herr rohm ? Peter gaze at the inert defendant . ( continued ) 66 . continued : make a excruciate decision . he approach the witness , respectful ... but curious . peter you say the soldier be cruel . estelle they have whip and be beat people to make they move faster , beat even the child . peter do you see Dr. mengele beat anyone ? estelle no . peter do you hear he encourage the soldier who be do the beat ? estelle no . peter during you encounter with Dr. mengele at the train ramp , do he strike you as a madman or a lunatic ? estelle ( a_beat ) not at all . peter he stand out , you say , as a kind man . she think about that . reluctant . estelle he seem to care about we ... Peter 's eye find cory in the gallery . this work turn he stomach . int . HOTEL room - hillmann on the phone , aggravate beyond word . ( continued ) continued : 67 . hillmann he 's you husband . you want I to believe you do not know how to contact he ?! do you understand that this be a criminal proceeding ? int . courtroom - another german man on stand seventy , new angle a wisp of a man . voigt 's before he . german man # 2 mengele wake I at about two am and order I to set up light and a phonograph . I would barely finish when ss man bring hundred of female prisoner out under the light . it be a cold night , some snow on the ground , but all the woman be naked . mengele give I a record album and tell I to play it as loud as I could . voigt what happen when the music start ? german man # 2 he make the woman dance ... and then he walk among they , point out the most pathetic one . that he point out be take to die . Peter with the same witness . peter you say that when Dr. mengele examine the woman , he point out ' the most pathetic one . ' do you mean he be look for clumsy dancer ? german man # 2 I mean he be look for the weak one , the sick one , the one who could not keep move . ( continued ) 68 . continued : peter the weak one and the sick one . so he selection be base entirely on the woman 's physical condition ... on medical criterion ? german man # 2 more or less . Peter be unable to mask he own revulsion at he hideous task . peter thank you . inside glass enclosure Court in recess . mengele lie propped in the bed , unchange . opposite he stand Peter , darkly watch the old man breathe . Peter squat , get into mengele 's line of sight , gaze intensely into he eye , watch , wonder . hillmann ( 0.s. ) Peter -- hillmann , energize , rush toward he . Peter meet he outside the enclosure . hillmann I think we have get a live one -- ( hand he a scrap of paper ) it be leave at the hotel desk . peter ( read ) " Midnight tonight . ravenstrasse 122 . stand before the lion ' -- sign ' beckmann . ' ( mystify ) beckmann -- the professor ? hillmann he 's on you list . mengele send he shipment of ' biological material ' from auschwitz -- club foot , skeleton of hunchback . electrify , Peter gather he papers . from the back of the courtroom , Mueller watch . 69 . ext . berlin STREET - night a ancient section of the city . Old shop stretch along one side of the street ; a vast cathedral rise on the other . the headlight of a lone car sweep around a distant corner . peter ( v.o. ) " stand before the lion . ' ( then ) what time be it ? hillmann ( v.o. ) five to midnight . peter ( v.0o . ) do you see 122 ? the car pull alongside the church . a flashlight search and come to rest on three digit above the cathedral entrance : 122. ext . cathedral - night a graveyard encircle the church . Peter and hillmann move to a iron gate . peter hey , Felix -- see any lion ? hillmann no lion . peter keep you eye open . he push open the gate . two step in , he 's stop by a feral hissing . hillmann leap back as Peter probe wildly with the flashlight , catch the red glint of feline eye before settling on a bloat tomcat . the cat moan with a almost human cry , then waddle languidly out the gate . share a edgy chuckle , they traverse the graveyard to the church entrance . Peter try the door . it 's lock . he shine he light through a window , see nothing . ease along the side of the church , they round a corner and a light sculpture come into view , stop they in they track : a placid lamb snuggle against a huge stone lion . peter ' and the lion shall lie down with the lamb ... ' ( continued ) 70 . continued : they hurry through the tombstone to the base of the statue . Peter shine he light around . hillmann ( call ) Dr. beckmann ? hello ? Dr. beckmann ? ( check watch ) Midnight straight up . could we have miss he ? Peter 's light have come to rest on a grave marker directly before the statue . peter ( darkly ) we do not miss he . grave marker " julius beckmann , belove husband , Father , physician , 1906 - 1987 . " back to scene hillmann give Peter a sick , betrayed look . peter let 's get some sleep . they turn to go . disembodied laughter ring out . in the shadow of the stone lion , something move . Peter and hillmann take a involuntary step backward as a tall , skeletal wraith emerge . peter Mueller . of course . the old attorney take up a position directly behind beckmann 's gravestone . mueller ( mock ) " Dr. beckmann ?... Dr. beckmann ?! " ( smile ) regrettably , Dr. beckmann be ... indispose . Peter be furious . peter do you know how much of my time you just waste ? we be a week into the trial and I have nothing . ( continued ) 71 . continued : mueller nothing but a big phone bill . oh yes , I have hear all about you fruitless search for witness . you call they , they call I -- ( beat ) it 's too bad you can not chat with beckmann . he be so fond of we friend . ( beat ) do you know he obtain money from the german Research Council to build the doctor a laboratory at auschwitz ? peter I know something about what he get for he money -- the little package that come in the mail ... mueller and what should he have do , throw priceless scientific material in the garbage ? for he , it be a opportunity to understand human disease . perhaps even to ease suffer . peter ( acidly ) will he testify to that in court ? wake up , Mueller . you be a attorney . I need someone I can put on the stand . mueller maybe you should take you client 's advice and recruit some nice dutch doctor . peter what the hell can dutch doctor tell we ? they resist the Nazi medicine -- many of they to the death . mueller no , Peter . not then . now . then Mueller wave it off , as if he do not mean to be take seriously . he examine the grave marker . ( continued ) 72 . continued : mueller do you know that even before the war , good Dr. beckmann lobbied Hitler for permission to extend mercy to a number of child under he care ? peter ( to hillmann ; he 's hear enough ) let 's get out of here . Peter and hillmann start across the churchyard . Mueller allow they a few step before drop he bombshell . mueller of course this be before the university . while he be still director at wuerzbach . the information have its desire effect : Peter turn back as if shot . and can not stop himself from ask : peter beckmann be at wuerzbach ? mueller do not you know ? peter ( incredulous ) the wuerzbach Children 's Clinic ? mueller ( offhand ) he have a excellent staff . very supportive . very forward - think . ( then ) I think you would have know ... you know , because of you mother . Peter 's heart have stop . Mueller smile he smile . int . HOTEL room - dead of night cory 's asleep . Peter lie beside she , unable to still he troubled thought . he pick up the bedside phone then just as quickly replace it . agonize , he stare at the phone before lift the receiver and dial a number he know by heart . ( continued ) 73 . continued : peter hello -- it 's I ... I be sorry to call so -- no , everything 's fine . we be both -- waken by he call , cory roll over . peter I be just ... I could not sleep and -- he fall into silence . cory watch he until : peter I be sorry , mama . I should not have call . ( finally ) I just need to hear you voice . int . courtroom no . 700 - day once again cory sit in the back of the gallery . on the stand be rachel , a woman in she sixty , well - dress , compose . she have no right arm . rachel all he twin they keep ina place we call the Zoo . him we call ... ( a_look toward mengele ) him we call uncle pepi . mengele 's arm lie neatly at he side . his gaze remain fix as before , down and to the leave . rachel he make sure we get enough to eat . Soft bed . clothes . ribbon for we hair . and chocolate . always there be chocolate when uncle pepi visit he child . we be eleven , my sister Sarah and I , and we think ... we think he be so handsome ... ( trail off as she glance again toward the enclosure ) one day he come for Sarah and I . he make it a game . follow the leader . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : mengele 's no change . 74 . rachel ( cont 'd ) he make we laugh ... we follow to the hospital where they measure we , it be so strange , we nose and ear and around we head . and they say ... they say take off you dress so uncle pepi can look at you . ( shiver ) he look ... at everything . Comparing every possible detail , look , look , look . nurse glance at a monitor , make a notation . rachel when he finish look , he strapped we to examination table and make little mark with he pen , one on my arm and one on Sarah 's . he say be brave , it 's go to hurt a little , and he cut with a knife along the mark . then he smear something in the cut . we do not cry and he say it make he happy that we be so brave . ( she composure falter ) that we be such good girl . she blink at voigt , who wait patiently . the courtroom be silent . rachel I wake up that night back in the Zoo , soak in sweat . my arm be burn , all red and swollen around the cut . Sarah 's be worse . we begge to see uncle pepi , to get medicine , but they say he be busy . we wait for three day before he send for we . Three day . forever . Sarah 's finger be black , and when he see that my finger have not turn , he be fascinate . we begge he , please help we , do something , we have so much pain . he tell we that we must not cry . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : rachel ( cont 'd ) ( and so she do not ) Three day later the camp be liberated and I never see he again . until today . ( pause ) Sarah die . a Russian doctor take my arm . int . courtroom no . 700 - later a polish woman , 75 , testify . in the glass enclosure , the nurse be not yet aware of a new sound -- she patient 's odd wheeze . polish woman ( vehemently ) he be a animal . I come to auschwitz with two set of twin , two son and two daughter , and he want to know how I get so many twin . a strangled cough from mengele finally turn the nurse 's head . he 's move , arm askew , a iv line tear free . polish woman " at what age do you first make love ? ' ' how many lover do you have beside you husband ? ' ' how often be you with a lover ? ' ( stand to address mengele directly ) I have a question for you , Butcher ! if you love twin so much , why do you kill mine ?! but she rage turn to horror when the nurse move aside to reveal that mengele 's head have turn so that he now look straight back at he accuser . he cough . inside glass enclosure - moment later nurse and doctor work on mengele who labor for each breath . his eye fall on Peter . the old man try to speak . no word come . ext . sunny berlin STREET - day Peter gaze darkly across the street at a two -story brick building distinguished by the word above the entrance : " the wuerzbach clinic for children' medicine . " he teeter between a urge to flee and a inescapable need to know . 76 . tight on the face of a clown bulbous nose , red lip , a single blue tear . laughter . int . wuerzbach children' clinic - day Children surround the clown , many in wheelchair , other lean on walker or crutch . one slouches in she seat , head hang to the side , drool into she lap . another rock back and forth , moan grotesquely . the clown sift through a boy 's hair and produce a tiny white mouse . the boy 's eye grow huge . gasp of delight . a door open and Peter step in . a hulk teen wear knee pad and a protective helmet lurch toward Peter with a huge welcoming grin . Peter flinch reflexively . a staff member redirect the patient . int . clinic corridor Peter stride past treatment room , patient room , a X - ray lab , catch sight everywhere of disabled young patient . he reach a stairway and ascend . int . clinic - director' outer office the secretary 's a brusque , efficient woman of about 60 . she 's on the phone when Peter enter . secretary you will have to wait until Thursday . the director will be out of the office tomorrow . she hang up and look to Peter . secretary yes , how can I help you ? peter my name 's Peter rohm . I call . a half beat , then the Secretary dial a two -digit code and turn away from Peter , speak with hushed intensity . the door to the inner office open and doctor frank emerge , a energetic , baby - face man in he thirty . peter Doctor Frank ? I be Peter rohm -- doctor frank yes , I know . and as I tell you on the phone , I do not have time to deal with you now . Frank continue past Peter and out of the office . 77 . int . corridor / stairway Peter overtake the fast-move Frank on the stair . peter Doctor , if you could give I even a few minute -- Frank reach step into the x-ray lab . Peter wait impatiently as Frank huddle with another doctor . when the consultation conclude Frank exit the lab and continue down the corridor , Peter at he side . peter I would like to look at you record for the year julius beckmann be here . doctor frank where 's you court order ? peter be I go to need one ? Frank enter a patient room , peruse a chart , make a notation , then exit and continue he force march . doctor frank we be very busy today . come back tomorrow . peter tomorrow ? Fine . and when I come back and you be not here -- I will just start interview you employee . doctor frank you stay away from my employee . peter why ? what be you hide ? what happen here ?! Frank turn on Peter . doctor frank nothing happen here ! this clinic be found as a haven for child no one else want . we do not kill we patient -- and we never have . ever . so do not drag we into you defense of that butcher . the depth of Frank 's conviction give Peter pause . he soften slightly . ( continued ) continued : 78 . peter I do not intend to drag you into anything , Doctor . my interest here be not professional . it 's personal . Frank 's eyebrow go up . a moment as each man evaluate the other a moment . anew . peter how much do you really know about what be do here during the war ? have you be through the record ? doctor frank ( just a tad off the point ) nothing in that record bear on you case . peter meaning you have not be through they ? doctor frank ( exasperate ) I have only be here eight week . I be a pediatric surgeon , not a historian . peter then you do not really know anything , do you . doctor frank after you call , I talk to my secretary . she 's be here forever . if there would be kill , she would know . ( and ) she 's absolutely reliable . peter then you would not object if I talk to she myself . int . franks outer office the phone be ringing . after three or four ring , the door open and Frank lead Peter in . he look around . ( continued ) 79 . continued : doctor frank karin ? but the Secretary be nowhere to be find . Frank look inside he inner office . emerge . give Peter a odd look . this be not right . the phone continue to ring . int . clinic - basement stairway a little -use access to the clinic 's basement . Peter and Frank descend to a lock door . Frank awkwardly insert a key . the old lock resist and he must struggle before it turn and the door swing open . he switch on a light , revealing row upon row of ancient medical file bath in dust . int . HOTEL room - night cory 's on the phone when Peter blast in , face grim . cory ( to phone ) -- then let 's move that paragraph up ... no it do not , not if you cut the reference to munich . Peter throw thing into a suitcase . cory ( cover mouthpiece ) what be you do ? peter I have to catch a train . cory ( into phone ) I will call you back . ( quickly hang up ) what do you mean -- where be you go ? peter Home . he snap he suitcase and look at she , sick with unwelcome knowledge . a diesel growl build . ext . german countryside - late night the roar crescendo . out of the darkness thunder a diesel locomotive trail a string of passenger car . 80 . int . train - late night nearly everyone be asleep . Peter sit awake , stare out as the light of the countryside flash past . cory sit beside he , also awake , silent and dismay . close on door - pre-dawn a fist pound . the door open to reveal a sleepy Max . max Peter -- wider Peter stand on he parent ' front porch with cory . max what 's wrong ? without a word , Peter enter the house . int . max and hilde's house - continuous action Peter take the stair two at a time . hilde ( 0.s. ) Max ? int . upstair bedroom - continuous action Peter step into the room . he 's tremble . hilde Peter ! be you all right ? Max and cory arrive in time to hear : peter I have be at wuerzbach , mama . go through old record . hilde 's mouth open . no sound come out . peter in the last half of 1939 -- you first year there -- over 50 child die of ' a adverse reaction to medication . ' ( then ) what happen , mama ?... tell I you do not know . but there 's no fight in she eye , no denial . only great sadness . and shame . Peter deflate like a rupture balloon , sink back against the door frame . 81 . int . kitchen - later night Peter and hilde face one another across the kitchen table . hilde I be 21 year old when I start at wuerzbach , straight out of nursing school . in that day the place be full of baby with the most heart - break deformity . I would change they diaper and give they bottle , but at the end of my shift I would go home and cry because I want to do so much more . we all do . ( beat ) some of the parent have hear rumor of child at other hospital , severely impair child , receive certain medication ... certain dose of medication ... and they ask we why we could not do the same for they child ... they be very insistent . and it seem ... at the time it seem ... so wise and ... so good . Peter sag beneath the weight of he mother 's word . finally : peter how be they kill ? hilde a sedative be add to the child 's water , and after two or three day , after he would have enough , he just fall asleep ... Peter look directly at he mother and ask the most horrible question . peter what be you role , mama ? hilde my role ...? I be never ask to administer the sedative , if that 's what you mean . ( a_ beat ; naked ) but I would have . Peter 's eye be lock on hilde . a tear appear . then he do something unexpected . he move to he mother , slide he arm around she and hold on . 82 . ext . rohm house - dawn Peter and cory exit the volvo and walk silently to the house . int . rohm house a light be switch on . Peter and cory stand inside the front door . Laundry be pile on the couch . dirty dish and a jug of sour milk be on the table . cory I leave in such a hurry . she begin clean up . Peter have not move . finally : peter while my mother be talk , something come back to I . something I would forget until now . ( this haunt he ) it be after she tell I about Erik 's uncle and treblinka . she say , " you must be careful , Peter . it can happen to anyone . " ( beat ) that be she word . cory watch he as he stand think about that for a long , long moment . he step abruptly to a closet , pull out a cardboard box and head upstairs . int . upstair office Peter sweep a stack of file from he desk into the box . he step to the file cabinet and jerk open the second drawer , " G -m . " it stick . he yank furiously , pull it completely out of the cabinet . it crash to the floor . Peter pick up file of yellow page and dump they in the box . he dig in the closet for the ss uniform . this also go in the box . ext . rohm house - back yard Peter throw open the back door and cross the yard to a trash bin . he dump the box . the ss uniform spill onto the ground . Peter stand over it , head bent low , shoulder heaving . cory watch from the house . dissolve to : 83 . int . upstair office - later Peter enter and pick through the debris . cory appear in the doorway . he glance up , make uncomfortable by she presence , then return to he work but be unable to escape the sensation of she eye upon he . peter what ? cory shake she head . nothing . he step to he desk and discard computer disk . she keep watch . peter it 's over . you should be thrilled . cory ( simply ) no. peter you tell I to stay off this case . you warn I . she just keep watch until he can take it no longer and stop he work , still look away from she . peter just say it . what ? cory wait . at last , she tone unaccuse : cory explain to I what 's go to happen when court resume and you be not there . peter Felix will just have to handle it . cory six week out of law school -- I do not know he be ready for a case like this . peter ( voice near break ) well neither be I . if Peter be to look at cory , he would see tear in she eye . he do not . instead , he scoops up the papers and diskettes and start out of the room . ( continued ) 84 . continued : cory so you will leave it like this -- you mother and josef mengele lumped together under the head pogod people of gunzburg go ad . " Peter stop in the doorway . turn back . and for the first time see cory 's tear . cory that night at the airport , when you tell I you be take this case -- I have to make a decision . because I know that when you go after the truth , you go wherever it lead , no matter what it cost , all the way to the end . ( then ) I hate this , Peter . I hate that you take this case . but I love you . so I choose to come along . cory cross to stand directly before she husband . cory do not leave we halfway there . he draw a long , uneven breath . int . criminal justice build - basement corridor - 9 am a anxiety -ridden hillmann charge down a dim and little - trafficked passageway . int . top - security basement holding cell a great commotion as guard noisily unlock the cell door and slide it open . in he bed at the center of the cell , josef mengele , remarkably alert and exceedingly agitate , strain to see who 's arrive . his voice be weak and rasp but he can once again speak . mengele be he here ? his leave arm lie limp at he side , the leave side of he face be unresponsive , and every word come with difficulty . hillmann step into he field of view . mengele I do not want you . I want Peter . ( continued ) 85 . continued : hillmann I be sorry ... we can not seem to locate he . mengele can not locate -- mengele think half a beat . mengele get I the prosecutor . hillmann I beg you -- mengele voigt . get he , dammit ! I want to talk ! int . courtroom no . 700 - 10 am a hush in the pack courtroom as mengele be wheeled into the enclosure . his bed be position and a microphone be swing into position . hillmann sit alone at the defense table , he head in he hand . preside judge back on the record in the matter of Germany versus . mengele . herr voigt present for Germany , herr hillmann for the defense . ( beat ) do the defendant understand that if he testify this morning , it will be asa prosecution witness , against the advice and over the objection of counsel ? mengele I do . mengele 's voice , though frail , be amplified so that it fill the room . his wheeze , too , be eerily magnified . preside judge have the defendant come to this decision voluntarily , without threat or coercion ? mengele I have . ( continued ) continued : 86 . hillmann you honor , please -- preside judge ( override ) then , in view of the defendant 's precarious health and the override value of he testimony , the court be go to overrule defense objection . hillmann ( stand ) you honor -- preside judge herr hillmann , the court have note you strenuous objection . ( beat ) Germany may proceed . hillmann sink helplessly into he seat as voigt rise and approach the enclosure . mengele gaze back with death -defy determination . he cough voigt Doctor mengele . during the period May 1943 to January 1945 , do you in fact serve as a physician at the auschwitz concentration camp ? mengele yes . voigt be it true that you come to auschwitz as a volunteer ? mengele yes . voigt no one order you . you volunteer . mengele yes. painfully . ( continued ) 87 . continued : voigt while at auschwitz , be you at time responsible for certify death at mass gassing ? mengele yes . hillmann glance toward the close door at the rear of the courtroom . no sign of Peter . voigt be it true that you be often present when inmate be unload from arrive train ? mengele yes . voigt who be responsible on that occasion for determine the immediate destination of each of that new arrival ? mengele I be . voigt 's astonished by how easy this be . voigt Germany have give evidence that you be present on well over forty occasion . would you dispute that number ? there 's a tiny glimmer of fire in the dull eye . a infinitesimal show of strength . mengele it be a big job . quick dissolve to : int . courtroom no . 700 - later voigt do you expose prisoner to X - ray in so-called experiment aim at sterilizing they ? mengele yes . ( continued ) 88 . continued : again hillmann look for peter. nothing . quick dissolve to : int . courtroom no . 700 - later the day be wear on . mengele be tiring . voigt do you , in order to rida barrack of typhus , once send all 600 resident of that barrack to be gass ? mengele yes . voigt do you participate -- ( break off ) no. I be go to read this , I want to get it exactly right . he pick up a legal pad and page forward , unable to hold in check he indignation . voigt " dump truck carry 300 child under the age of five be drive to the edge of a burn pit . the child be throw scream into the fire . Soldiers circle the pit , push any child who crawle out back into the flame . " he look at mengele with burn eye . voigt do you give order at such a action ? a long pause . voigt ( forcefully ) do you give order at such a action ? mengele ( finally ) yes . ( continued ) 89 . continued : voigt then damn you , Doctor . God damn you . he turn away . voigt no more question . mengele go slack with exhaustion . preside judge be the defense prepare to question the witness at this time ? peter we be , you honor . Peter , stand just inside the door at the back of the courtroom , step away from cory and stride rapidly forward , take the court by surprise . he work without note , he tone conversational , almost casual . peter Doctor , you agree that in you fight against typhus you send hundred of woman to be gass . mengele seem revive by Peter 's return . mengele yes . peter be you honestly try to stop the epidemic -- or just look for a excuse to kill Jews ? mengele ( moral outrage ) I be a doctor . I regard this woman as my patient . peter and the fact be that before you arrival at auschwitz , no one have be able to stop the epidemics which repeatedly ravage the camp , be that correct ? mengele that be correct . ( continued ) continued : 90 . peter but with you admittedly harsh measure , you bring the epidemics under control . mengele I do . peter Doctor , have you ever have typhus ? mengele yes. peter when ? mengele I contract it at auschwitz . mengele be rise to the battle , with each answer he voice grow incrementally stronger . voigt can peter earlier that same year , also serve at auschwitz , you contract malaria . mengele yes . peter and before auschwitz , you be decorate for brave enemy fire on the Russian front to pull wounded soldier from a burn tank . mengele yes . peter again and again you put you life at risk to save other . take no more of this . voigt objection . be counsel question the witness or nominate he for a Nobel Prize ? ( continued ) continued : g1 . peter you honor , I be simply introduce the fact of the doctor 's life . I do not expect to make such a impression on the prosecutor . preside judge overrule . proceed . Peter turn back to mengele , but when he speak again , he tone be anything but casual . he 's come to the very heart of the matter . peter Doctor mengele , on the battlefield you risk you life to save wounded soldier . then again at auschwitz you risk you life to save die Jews . ( beat ) how be it possible that you also give order to throw child into a burn pit ? it 's a question that give even josef mengele pause . for the first time , he do not know he next line . peter you have describe auschwitz as hell . mengele yes . peter you can not mean for yourself . you be privileged , you have rank and respect , you lack nothing . mengele I mean hell . peter even for yourself , then . mengele for everyone . it be indescribable . the camp be full , we have no food , but the train never stop come . ( continued ) 92 . continued : peter and you be the man responsible for meeting that train . mengele this be my task . peter you be responsible for decide who from that train live and who die . mengele they be all dead . when they step off the train . Dead already . this be not my decision . ( and ) I save as many as I could . peter you save the twin . mengele yes , twin who now testify against I . do not they know they owe I they life ? peter why do not you save they all ? the idea be so foreign that mengele can not immediately grasp it . mengele save they all ? everyone ? peter why not ? mengele I would have destroy the camp ! do not you understand ? there be too many . Peter wait . mengele should I have condemn the old grandmother to that hell of slave labor and disease ? ( turn to attendant ) raise I up a little . ( continued ) 93 . continued : the attendant elevate the back of mengele 's bed . mengele should I have damned the little one to a slow death by starvation ? granting they a quick end be a great kindness . peter a quick end in a burn pit . mengele ( emphatically ) we had_no choice . ( then ) have you ever see a child gass ? they do not die well . we be force to find other mean . ( to attendant ) Water . the attendant pour water from a pitcher . mengele drink , invigorate . peter the experiment , Doctor . my God , the experiment . you have admit conduct painful medical investigation on child without anesthetic -- mengele can not you understand ? they be dead . I find they on they way to the crematorium . I experiment . yes I experiment ! I draw from they death meaning -- scientific knowledge that might benefit other more fortunate . ( and ) anything less would have be criminal . peter you inflicted a great deal of suffer . you induce raging infection and leave they untreated . ( again ) you use no anesthetic . ( continued ) 94 . continued : mengele i_had no anesthetic . ( with astonish vigor ) a surgeon see gangrene , he have no anesthetic , but he amputate the limb . do you call witness against the doctor to tell how he hack with he see , how blood spatter he smock , how the patient scream ? of course not . do you know what you do ? ( voice booming ) you say , " thank God . thank God for the doctor . " close on mengele his head have rise off he pillow and he 's fix the judge with a burn gaze . then he look to Peter and he feature soften into a look that approximate affection . a ghastly sight . peter recoil from the look . int . HOTEL room - crisp white pillow Peter lie back . his eye remain wide open , torment . cory join he . without a word , he turn off the light . dream sequence - utter blackness a latch be thrown and a heavy cattle - car door rumble aside , unveil a blaze square of light . soldier appear , bath in light . soldier raus ! raus ! body tumble from the car into the light . ext . railroad siding - subjective camera - night floodlight of unearthly brilliance cast harsh shadow . Soldiers strip the arrival of every possession and herd they into line . forced into this hapless procession , camera look ahead . rising above that in line , a handsome young ss officer stand on a platform , he eye lock on the head of the line , he right hand extend over they , flick right , leave , right , leave , leave , leave . camera slowly near the officer , the prisoner ahead stream into darkness , until the officer 's eye fall directly on camera . he stop . his face light up with wonder . ( continued ) 95 . continued : young mengele Peter . he hurry down the platform step . reverse angle at the head of the endless procession of the damned , Peter be take into mengele 's embrace . young mengele Peter , I be so grateful you have come . CUT to black . int . HOTEL bathroom - night Peter snap on the light , breathe hard , drench in sweat . he look hard at himself in the mirror . a long , long look full of doubt and loathing . int . courtroom no . 700 - day Court in session . mengele , in the glass enclosure , be again at the microphone as voigt redirect . voigt there 's be a lot of talk in this room , and I want to make sure I be still clear on the fact . you have testify that while at auschwitz you participate in mass gassing . yes ? mengele that 's correct . voigt be that testimony the truth ? mengele my testimony be factual . voigt you testimony be factual ... and when you testify that you send all 600 resident of a particular barrack to they death , be you tell the truth then ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : mengele I acknowledge the fact -- which be not always the same as the truth , herr prosecutor . voigt ah ... then let 's just stick to fact . you send the 600 woman to they death . fact ? mengele be it so hard to understand ? have you no one in you world whose life have lose meaning ? voigt ( override ) fact or fiction , Doctor ? answer the question . mengele be no one today suffer hopelessly ? voigt you honor -- preside judge the witness be direct to answer the question . unheed , mengele lean into the microphone . mengele be there no one , no one unwanted ? something here strike a chord in cory . preside judge the witness will answer the question . mengele Medicine will always need doctor with the courage to kill . preside judge ( furious ) cut he off . mengele if you want the truth , read you newspaper . you will see I be tell you -- ( continued ) 97 . continued : the microphone go dead , silencing mengele whose mouth continue to move inside the enclosure . voigt 's disgust . voigt no more question . cory scribbles furiously . int . criminal justice build - outside courtroom no . 700 cory 's on a public phone . cory Paul , hi , it 's I . do not you once tell I you have a doctor friend in Amsterdam ? ( beat ) can you put I in touch with she ? ( and ) perfect . int . HOTEL room - late night Peter enter alone . peter cory ? no answer . her thing be go . Peter find a fold note on he pillow . int . huge , chaotic AIR terminal - early morning cory clear custom . Signs in five language welcome she to Amsterdam . ext . AIR terminal ( amsterdam ) cory duck into a taxi . cory rykstadt Main Hospital . another taxi , somewhere in berlin a elderly woman climb out and tug she coat tightly around she . hilde . Peter exit the cab behind she . peter you do not need to do this . hilde I have need to do this for 50 year . 98 . reverse angle reveal they stand on the step of the wuerzbach Clinic for Children 's Medicine . share a wordless look , they start for the door . int . wuerzbach clinic - morning Dr. Frank , the clinic director , pass , follow by Peter and hilde . they walk purposefully . hilde look at the child . remember . Peter , too , study the child . it 's impossible to know what he 's see . int . basement stairway the narrow , dim , little - use access to the basement . Frank , Peter and hilde descend . int . rykstadt MAIN hospital ( amsterdam ) - waiting room cory wait . a young woman with a vibrant smile appear . dr . van koningsveld cory rohm ? ( extend she hand ) I be Dr. van koningsveld . how can I help you ? int . wuerzbach clinic - basement archive Peter , hilde and Dr. Frank pore over old record . Frank find something of interest in a file he 's study and lay it aside , atop a short stack of similar folder . int . rykstadt hospital - busy corridor the animated Dr. van koningsveld lead cory through the bustle of this gleamingly modern hospital . cory hold a microcassette recorder . dr . van koningsveld economics be always a issue . do you -- orderly ( 0.s. ) Excuse we . they step aside to make way for a pass gurney and cory come face to face with the patient , a woman in she ninety . her head loll toward cory , she eye and mouth gape wide in a agonize , voiceless wail . the gurney turn a quick corner and she 's go . Van koningsveld explain with sympathy : van koningsveld bone cancer . ( continued ) 99 . continued : she begin again : van koningsveld anyway , economics be always a big issue . do you have any idea how much we spend on patient in they last 30 day of life -- people who tragically be never go to get better ? it 's staggering . cory 's still look back at the spot where the gurney disappear . int . wuerzbach clinic Peter , hilde and Dr. Frank continue they search . Frank 's stack have grow dramatically . int . rykstadt hospital - adolescent unit cory and Dr. van koningsveld be join by a resident who indicate a severely - afflict adolescent . resident she 's never have a coherent think . she will never speak a intelligible word . she 's feed through a tube . her parent visit the first and fifteenth of each month . the state pay the bill . so you can understand that people begin to ask if there be not another way . int . clinic - ground -floor corridor hilde lead Peter and Frank through the clinic . she move as if in a dream . int . clinic - first floor recreation room sunlight and cheerful color . hilde enter , trail by Peter and Frank . she stop just inside the room . after a moment , she move with assurance toward a back corner . back corner - moment later Peter , hilde and Frank watch as workmen peel the carpete slowly back to expose bare concrete . hilde flinch , as if she herself be be expose . Peter bend and run he hand over the concrete . clearly visible in the floor : a distinct line of old bolt hole describe a perfect square the size of a small bedroom . Peter sit dead center in the square . imagine . 100 . int . rykstadt hospital - day room a lounge fill with elderly patient . cory and van koningsveld talk to a young intern . intern by the time you get to they age you have see a few people die , and not always well , if you know what I mean . so they be afraid . afraid of the pain , of course , but more than that , afraid it 's go to be draw out -- and if that happen , terrify of what it 's go to do to the people they love . fortunately , the legal situation in this country permit we to take a active medical role to ensure that do not happen . cory a active medical role , meaning ... intern humane method have be develop . pause . int . wuerzbach clinic - recreation room a girl of seven or eight , she body frail and bent and propped in a pediatric wheelchair . with she one good arm she wheel herself in circle , find in that act a blaze joy that explode in she twisted , gape smile . Close by and rapt , Peter watch . ext . durenburger plumbing work ( berlin ) - day a open bed truck off - load pipe beside this large , prosperous old firm . a taxi deliver Peter and he enter the building . same scene - hour later daylight be wane as Peter exit and head for a wait cab . ext . outskirt of berlin - evening Peter step to the front door of a especially handsome house . he knock and wait . the door be open by a friendly woman in she 60 . ( continued ) continued : the woman 101 . peter be this the home of edvard nielson ? woman it be . peter be he here ? woman one moment . disappear into the house . a jovial , bald man in he 70 appear . peter edvard nielson ? nielson ( man ) yes . peter my name 's Peter rohm . I be a attorney represent josef mengele in he current trial . nielson 's bewilder . peter May I come in ? nielson but ... why would you want to talk to I ? peter herr nielson ... during the winter of 1940 , be you employ by the durenburger plumb Works ? and finally nielson understand -- and slam the door in Peter 's face . int . rykstadt hospital - pediatric intensive care unit a roomful of infant and small child at death 's door , surround by high - tech medical machinery . a _heart - rending sight . a physician in he forty walk with cory among the sick . ( continued ) 102 . continued : physician please understand -- this be what I see every day . it 's the only way you can really fathom what I be tell you . ( indicate a patient ) look there . cory step to the bedside of a tiny newborn , she eye tape shut , breathe tube , no tube , multiple ivs . physician you will notice how quiet we child be . no cry . we must keep they so sedate . ( then ) can you look at this child and tell I you see life ? not in the ordinary sense of the word , you can not . we be learn in this case to do what 's right for the patient . it 's a medical service that benefit thousand in this country every year . cory ( horrify irony ) " thank God for the doctor . " ( then ) this medical service , be it provide with the patient 's consent ? physician ( eye on he patient ) how can she possibly consent ? int . amsterdam HOTEL room - night cory enter and pull off she shoe at the end of one of the longest day of she life . int . berlin HOTEL room - night Peter sit on the edge of he bed watch television news coverage of the trial . weary and alone . ext . berlin street near criminal justice build - morning full-blown riot . a army of anti-Nazi demonstrator hurl rock and bottle at neo - Nazi zealot . Police drive both side apart with dog , truncheon and water cannon . 103 . ext . criminal justice build - morning hillmann 's rental sedan skirt the violence to deliver Peter , who be muscle by police to the courthouse door . he ignore the shout of press and protestor . int . courtroom no . 700 - day the stark contrast of judicial silence . seat upright in a wheelchair , only a single iv in evidence , mengele be wheeled into the enclosure . preside judge back on the record in Germany versus mengele . ( and ) Defense may proceed . Peter rise . peter the defense call Dr. Karl Frank director of the wuerzbach Clinic for Children 's Medicine . voigt objection . do this witness possess firsthand knowledge of the defendant ? do the defendant ever work in he clinic ? preside judge Germany have have its turn , herr prosecutor . overrule . Dr. Frank be ushere to the stand . mengele watch with intense interest . peter Dr. Frank , what sort of institution be the wuerzbach Clinic ? doctor frank we be a in - patient medical facility caring for child with chronic disability . peter in addition to direct the clinic , you yourself be a pediatric surgeon , correct ? doctor frank yes I be . ( continued ) 104 . continued : peter and as such you be accustom to read patient file . doctor frank of course . Peter take a stack of file from the defense table and set they in front of the witness . cory slip into the back of the courtroom , catch Peter 's eye , and squeeze into a seat . peter this file represent 51 patient who die at you clinic during the last six month of 1939 . do you recognize the file ? doctor frank ( flip open top file and glance inside ) yes I do . peter you have study they ? doctor frank yes . peter do anything about they strike you as unusual from a medical standpoint ? doctor frank absolutely . fifty -one patient , suffer a variety of ailment -- severe deformity , mongolism , microcephaly -- be list as have die of the exact same cause . peter what cause be that ? doctor frank accord to the record -- ( read from top file ) " a adverse reaction to medication . " hilde sit motionless . ( continued ) 105 . continued : peter fifty -one death in six month from a adverse reaction to medication . that 's unusual ? doctor frank it 's beyond belief . peter meaning the record be inaccurate ? doctor frank meaning the record be a lie . peter can you tell the court what you think do cause that death ? voigt objection . speculation . preside judge sustain . a beat . Peter adopt another approach . peter besides cause of death , do the file contain anything else notable in common ? doctor frank each file hold a identical letter address to the parent . ( read ) " we regret to inform you of the death of you child . this death should not be consider a tragedy . under the circumstance , the death should be view as a merciful release . " peter ( repeat ) " , , . death should be view as a merciful release . " Peter look significantly toward the glass enclosure , then return to he table and collect a much taller stack of file , which he deposit before Frank . ( continued ) continued : 106 . peter this file represent patient death for the three month beginning January of 1940 . have you examine this file ? doctor frank yes I have . peter and what do you find ? doctor frank they show a sharp increase in the rate of patient death over the previous period , from 51 death in six month up to 452 death in just three month . peter so somewhere around the first of January 1940 , a death rate you have describe as already beyond belief jump sharply . doctor frank yes . peter do you note any other change ? doctor frank death during this period occur among that much less severely ill , include patient with minor facial deformity , cleft palate , undesirable behavior -- peter ( interrupt ) undesirable behavior ? such as what ? doctor frank ( a beat ) bed-wetter . peter bed-wetter ? and they come to you clinic and die ? doctor frank accord to this record . ( continued ) 107 . continued : pause . peter any change in the letter ? doctor frank not one word . peter they still say this death be to be view as -- what do they say ? doctor frank a merciful release . peter a merciful release . mengele listen smugly . peter Doctor , can you tell the court for a fact what happen at the beginning of January 1940 to account for this sudden increase in death ? doctor frank for a fact ? no . peter thank you , Doctor . no more question . preside judge prosecution ? voigt make a show of throw up he hand in disgust . voigt no question . preside judge the witness be excuse . Frank stand and exit . preside judge herr rohm ? peter you honor , the defense call edvard nielson . ( continued ) 108 . continued : a exceedingly reluctant nielson be escort to the stand . peter herr nielson , what be you occupation ? nielson I be a retire plumbing contractor . peter and in January 1940 ? nielson I be a plumber . voigt objection ! a plumber ? what do any of this have to do with the defendant 's crime ? ( then ) you honor , Germany move to bar further testimony in this matter as immaterial and request a verdict on the evidence present . Peter be catch off guard by voigt 's surprise motion . peter ( quickly ) you honor , may we approach ? the preside judge nod and both Peter and voigt move to the bench . peter surely the court will not deny the defendant he defense . voigt what defense be possible ? he 's confess to every charge . peter no , you honor , no . the doctor have admit no guilt . he 's simply stipulate to the fact of he action -- action he contend be a logical extension of the medicine practice at that time throughout Germany . the testimony of this witness will corroborate that view . ( continued ) continued : 109 . voigt ( outrage ) what view ?! that there 's some connection between what take place in a medical clinic and the wholesale butchery of auschwitz ?! that 's obscene ! peter you honor , if we can hear the witness , I believe the connection will become clear . the preside judge consider at length . preside judge let no one say this court deny any defendant a fair trial . motion deny ; we will hear the witness . voigt react in exasperation as he and Peter return to they place . no answer peter herr nielson , be you familiar with a institution know as the wuerzbach Clinic for Children 's Medicine ? be forthcoming . peter herr nielson ? nielson I be familiar . peter in January 1940 , be you send to that institution to do some plumbing work ? nielson yes . peter right after the New Year 's holiday . nielson that 's right . ( continued ) 110 . continued : peter it be not a ordinary plumbing job , be it ? tell the court what you remember about the project . nielson stare at the floor . Peter cross back to he table and a final sheaf of age paper . peter you do remember the project , do not you ? because we can introduce a number of document to refresh you memory . nielson I remember . ( pause ) they be building a room -- peter what sort of room ? nielson a little room . seal all the way around , top and bottom -- like a big shower , with one set of pipe go in , another set come out . peter so you , what , hook up the pipe ? nielson hook up the pipe . checked for leak . they be very concerned about that . do not want any leak . peter they who ? who be in charge ? nielson the doctor . I do exactly what the doctor tell I . peter do you know what you be building ? nielson I ask ; no one seem to know . finally one of the doctor tell I it be for a experimental new treatment . ( continued ) continued : 111 . peter a experimental new treatment . do you ever discover the nature of that treatment ? nielson not the first time . but later , when they send I back . peter they send you back ? why ? nielson they want I to take it down . peter really . when be this ? nielson about a year and a half later . peter so ... sometime in the last half of 1941 . and you say this time you discover the nature of the treatment . nielson they have the exhaust from a diesel engine hook up to the intake pipe . pump the exhaust into the room . so , I mean , I be not stupid . cory , sit beside hilde near the front of the gallery , listen with horrify fascination . peter be you give any explanation as to why the device be dismantle ? nielson well ... so that it could be ... relocate . peter and do you know where it be " relocate " ? nielson shift uncomfortably . nielson . yes . ( continued ) continued : 112 . peter of course you do . they send you along with it , do not they , to put it back together on the other end . nielson ( pause ) I be only a plumber . I only do what they tell I . peter herr nielson , would you please tell the court where the device be move ? nielson shake he head , mute . preside judge the witness be instruct to answer the question . peter where be the device move ? nielson ( finally ) east. peter East . where in the East ? nielson Poland . peter Southern Poland ? nielson Southern Poland , correct . peter where , exactly , in southern Poland ? nielson do not want to answer . nielson 's peter auschwitz ? hand cover he face . Peter almost shout : ( continued ) 113 . continued : peter be the device move to auschwitz ? nielson ( barely audible ) yes . a charge go through the room . mengele ( a whisper ) yes . peter when this device be reinstalled at auschwitz , what modification do you make ? nielson none . peter ( powerfully ) you testimony be that you dismantle this device ina german medical facility -- and then reassemble it without modification at the auschwitz extermination camp in Poland ?! nielson ( a cry ) i_did what the doctor told I ! on mengele 's face a crooked smile appear . Peter turn to the bench . peter nothing further . his eye meet cory 's . what in God 's name have he do ? ext . criminal justice build - MAIN entrance - end of day move with Peter as he push out the front door and into a chaos of protest . Police fight to contain enraged demonstrator as Peter make he dash toward hillmann 's wait car . a old man strain through the police ine . ( continued ) 114 . continued : old man he kill my mother , he kill my father , he kill my brother -- the Old man be push back . a group of rainbow - haire punk break through and surround Peter , one of they dousing Peter with red paint . Police surge in . Peter be knock to the ground , he briefcase tear from he grasp . he scramble after it , paint drip into he eye . strong arm reach through the melee , pull Peter to he foot . press the briefcase into he hand , they hustle he toward hillmann 's car . once at the car , Peter wipe paint out of he eye , get a look at he savior : a trio of buzz - cut young fascist in tattoo and jackboot . one of they shoot he a grin Nazi salute . fascist thug sieg heil . Peter jerk free and leap back as if froma rattlesnake . fix they with a look of absolute contempt , he duck into the car . int . car with the back door still hang open , hillmann try desperately to pull into traffic . cory go , Felix , go ! peter I be okay -- he pull the door close and fall back against the seat . the skinhead pace the car like a honor guard from hell . cory clutches Peter and scream at hillmann : cory go !!! find a hole in traffic , he accelerate and the skinhead fall away , hoot they support . blood -red water swirl down the drain . int . HOTEL bathroom Peter shower , scrubbing paint out of he hair , he ear , he eye , strangely buoy by this day . ( continued ) 115 . continued : peter I do not know which scared Felix more , that animal outside he window or I , drip paint on he rent upholstery . " but -- but -- but , Peter -- my deposit ! " Peter laugh . but soon realize he 's laugh alone . peter cory ? he peel back the shower curtain . she sit with head bow , face avert . crying . Peter wrap a towel around himself and step out of the shower . peter what ? she look up , eye wet with tear . cory when I see you come toward the car -- I think it be blood . I think they be kill you . Peter take she in he arm . she sag against he . they hold onto one another . finally : peter why do you leave ? she wipe she tear with he towel . tries to find the word . cory he keep talk about we . about we doctor , we time . like he be point he finger say you do the same thing , you be as guilty as I . I want to prove he wrong . peter do you ? not a easy question for she to answer . cory I do not find anyone gassing Jews . ( more ) ( continued ) 116 . continued : cory ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I meet doctor who explain why it 's sometimes necessary to kill . I meet one who call herself a " helper of death . " I hear a world of good intention . and I keep think about you mother . and all that child at wuerzbach . ( then ) what do that make that doctor ? a bunch of little mengele ? peter of course not . cory then what ? they sit in silence , wrestle with the impossible question . int . HOTEL room - later Peter listen as cory replay a recording . cory ( v.0 . ) a active medical role , meaning ... intern ( v.o. ) humane method have be develop . cory ( v.0 . ) be you tell I you have take action to bring about a patient 's death ? intern ( v.o. ) we be talk about patient whose life be essentially over . they body just do not know it . cory ( v.0 . ) patient who be really ... dead already . intern ( v.o. ) that 's well put . she click off the recorder . Peter 's think . ( continued ) 117 . continued : uncertain exactly how to make the piece fit . he ease back onto the floor . peter when my mother tell I to be careful , that what happen to Erik 's uncle could happen to anyone , I be terrify . because I do not know how to be careful . I do not know what to watch for . ( beat ) the Jews say " never again . " but if we be only guard against swastikas and psychotics , I be afraid we be go to miss it . we be go to miss it . because I do not think that 's the way it happen . ( so quietly ) but how do it happen ? cory look at the tape spread in front of she . a new assurance . cory I can not tell you what all this mean , Peter , but there 's something here . ( right at he ) and I think I have a idea how we neighbor become killer . ( so simple ) just a little bit at a time . Peter 's face . a stone have drop into a still pond . a switch have be throw . a gestalt moment . understand . straight CUT to : int . courtroom no . 700 - day the courtroom be pack and silent , all eye focus on Peter who stand before the bench , hold in he upraise hand a book . peter one small step . ( beat ) at the time of the war , german doctor hold a common belief in a idea introduce by this book -- the permission to destroy life unworthy of life . ( more ) ( continued ) 118 . continued : peter ( cont 'd ) they believe that not all life be worth live , that in some instance physician be in fact obligate to take life rather than save it . it 's a simple idea , easily understand . it go like this . mengele 's in the wheelchair again . his breathe be labor but he sit ramrod straight , hold in place by pride and defiance . peter imagine you be a doctor , and imagine you have a patient , a 95 - year - old woman within a week of death from bone cancer . now this be a extremely painful disease , the bone become so weak that the simple act of roll over in bed can break they . and even as you prepare a injection of morphine , you know it will not be enough to numb she horrible pain . yet to increase the dosage will kill er . mengele listen intently . peter you explain this to you patient , and she look you right in the eye and beg you : fill the syringe . ( beat ) such a simple step , this step from healer to killer . just fill the syringe . ( hold up book ) this book urge doctor to take that step . and why not ? on what grounds could a compassionate physician refuse this woman 's request ? ( beat ) one small step . if you read the papers , you know it 's a step doctor now take every day . mengele smile a small smile of appreciation . ( continued ) continued : 119 . peter now imagine the same patient make the same request a month earlier -- before she pain have become so horrible . you know very well what 's come , and she ask you to fill the syringe . what then ? will you deny the request simply because the patient have not suffer sufficiently ? on what grounds ?... so. another step . the judge listen stoically . peter now imagine that instead of 95 , the patient be only 75 . but still suffer and just as surely doom to die . imagine this patient begging you to fill the syringe ... have grant the first two request , on what grounds can you deny this one ? one more step . ( pause ) now what if , instead of 75 , the patient be only 55 ?... or 457 ... what if she 's 35 ? still suffer , still die , still begging . ( beat ) what if she 's only 5 ? ( quickly ) but of course that 's different . now she can not make the request herself . so imagine she mother and father with break heart begging you , " please , Doctor . end this nightmare . fill the syringe . " Peter 's delivery hold the courtroom at rapt attention . peter will you deny they -- and force the suffer to continue -- simply because the patient be too young to make the request herself ? on what grounds ?... one more step . ( more ) ( continued ) 120 . continued : peter ( cont 'd ) ( long beat ) and now , finally , imagine you country at war . and imagine a child face gruesome suffer and inescapable death . only now , because of the war , no parent be there to make the request . and , again because of the war , it 's no longer one child but a hundred child . and they be not ina hospital bed , they be in the back of a dump truck . not you fault ; the war 's fault . and you have no morphine ... only a burn pit . ( wait ) what now . what now ?! you be a doctor . on what grounds will you deny this child the same kindness , the same compassion , the same release , grant the other ? ( pick up book ) but of course you be not doctor . you be judge . and so I ask you -- ( brandish book ; thunder ) if _we grant any doctor that first small step , on what grounds can we deny Doctor mengele the last ? on what ground ?! ! ( barely more than a whisper ) the road to auschwitz be not so hard -- as long as it 's take one step at a time . cory 's sober as death . mengele glow . Peter stand he ground in the center of the courtroom . dissolve to : ext . berlin street - pre-dawn in the dark , quiet hour before morning , Peter walk alone through the street of this city so visibly haunt by its past . int . wuerzbach clinic - pre-dawn damage child sleep . Peter walk among they . soaking they in . form a bond . 121 . ext . berlin - dawn moment before the sun break the horizon . a light rain fall as a taxi move through the street . ext . criminal justice build the taxi roll past a handful of anti-Nazi demonstrator who brave the rain to man a strategic location near the main entrance . they pay no attention to the taxi as it round the side of the building . Peter step from the taxi , unfurl a umbrella and move toward a side entrance . int . criminal justice build - staitrwell Peter descend at a leisurely pace , a man finally at peace with himself . int . basement holding area - outside cell Peter be frisk . his briefcase be searched . int . mengele's cell it resemble a modern icu . a male nurse in hospital blue sit attentively at the foot of the bed , watch a video display of the patient 's vital sign and make note in he chart . mengele lie beneath a hissing oxygen mask , eye close in restless slumber . two guard stand watch as Peter step to the bed . peter Doctor . the nurse shake he patient , flip on light . nurse wake up , Doctor . you have a visitor . mengele crack he eye open , speak thickly . mengele Peter ?... what time be it ? peter just before six . mengele cough tightly into the mask . his condition appear to have worsen dramatically . peter the court clerk wake I 30 minute ago . there 's go to be a verdict . ( continued ) 122 . continued : despite he illness , mengele speak with a kind of happiness . mengele the verdict -- ( cough again ) the verdict make no difference . I say what I come to say . ( then ) that 's victory enough . a spasm of painful , ineffectual cough ensue . Peter turn to the nurse . peter can not you give he something ? the question sound motivate by something less than sympathy . nurse tylenol . aspirin . peter aspirin ? nurse he refuse morphine . it dull he mind . peter so do the pain . give it to he . mengele ( between cough ) I do not want it . peter a partial dose then . mengele no -- but the nurse cross to a medicine locker . nurse it may relax you airway , Doctor , help you to breathe . the nurse open the locker and remove a glass vial . use a syringe , he withdraw a small quantity of the drug . Peter watch with interest . ( continued ) 123 . continued : peter ( to nurse ) how long have he have this pain ? nurse it 's much worse since yesterday . the tumor have begin obstruct he airway . peter can anything be do ? nurse ( hold up syringe ) at this point , the best we can do be manage the pain . he cross back to the bedside , sterilize a port in the iv line and insert the needle . mengele swat at the syringe . mengele I do not need it . nurse I be only give you 40 milligram . you be write for 100 . the nurse push the morphine into the line . nurse it 's in . the nurse withdraw the needle and discard the syringe in a waste container . Peter turn to the Guards . peter I would like to speak with my client privately . will you give we a moment ? he answer they reluctance with a reassure smile . peter I do not think I will be in any danger . the nurse jot a final notation in the chart and head for the door . guard do not be long . ( continued ) 124 . continued : the nurse and Guards exit , leave Peter alone with mengele . the morphine have do its work . the old man relax . his eye find Peter . mengele do you know you be the only one who 's bother to visit I here ? ( beat ) Mueller go to my family . they tell he they do not know who I be . Peter have move to the cell door and glance through the small window into the corridor . he pull the oxygen mask away . mengele you have do well , peter. ( and ) you save you family . Peter cross away from the door and out of frame as mengele lie back on he pillow . peter ( 0.s. ) it must be a very great burden . in prison , in pain , alone . without hope of recovery . though this word be deliver without any particular feel , mengele find comfort in they . peter ( 0.s. ) you have lead a difficult , lonely life . mengele relax into he pillow . peter ( 0.s. ) and now death be imminent . as mengele contemplate this thought , he eye drift close . peter ( 0.s. ) when it come , you will no doubt welcome it as you always have ... a merciful release . mengele 's eye open . something troubling about that last remark . he turn to see : 125 . peter bent over the medicine locker . mengele what be you do ? Peter turn . he 's draw fluid from a glass vial . peter fill the syringe . mengele 's stunne . mengele be you go to murder I ? peter murder you ? no. I be just go to ... practice medicine without a license . mengele 's incredulity give way to a crooked smile . he laugh at Peter 's wick , wick joke . Peter withdraw the needle from the vial and cross to locate the port in the iv line . mengele 's laughter die . mengele Peter -- put that thing away before someone see you and think you be serious . but Peter 's dead serious . he insert the needle in the line . mengele clap he hand over Peter 's . mengele you know if you push that dose you will spend the rest of you life in prison -- Peter allow himself the tiniest of smile . peter but I be not go to push it . he grasp mengele 's hand , force they around the syringe , and then clamp he own hand over mengele 's . peter ( ice ) you be . Peter lean close with uncensor fury . ( continued ) 126 . continued : peter you order a truckload of live , breathe child throw into a inferno . you mutilate , you gass , you starve , you dissect child alive . then you twisted the word around and around to make murder sound like a kindness . but it be no kindness . the truth be in the pile of emaciate corpse . the truth be in the mass grave . the truth be in the smoke that rise over auschwitz . Peter exert dangerously increase pressure against mengele 's hand . mengele tremble as he resist . peter four hundre thousand human being . do not you dare deny yourself the same kindness you heape on so many other . the Guard call from outside : guard ( 0.s. ) counselor ? mengele 's eye fly to the door . he rasp : mengele Guard -- but Peter drown out the feeble cry with a sharp : peter privacy , sergeant -- please ! Peter watch the cell door . when it do not open , he turn back to mengele for : peter push it , Butcher ! go on !!! push it !!! and just when it seem mengele 's strength be about to fail , Peter release he wildly shaking hand and take a quick step back , leave the defendant hold the syringe alone . ( continued ) 127 . continued : peter ( quietly ) push the syringe and complete you victory . or call for the guard ... and live a few more day . ( wait ) know the truth about yourself . mengele gasp for breath , quaking as he stare at the deadly syringe , paralyze by Peter 's challenge . his hand tighten on the syringe . a interminable moment of torture indecision . and then the terror become too great and he jerk the needle free and cast it from he . it skitter across the floor , come to rest at Peter 's foot . mengele ( croak it out ) nurse -- mengele grope for the oxygen mask . Peter pick up the syringe . he calmly drop it in the medical waste container as Guards appear . mengele look from Peter to the return Guards to the container hold the syringe . finally : mengele get the nurse in here to fix this mask . I can not breathe . the nurse go to work check the flow of oxygen to the mask . Peter step to the cell door . mengele you think I be a bad doctor because I kill . peter you be not a bad doctor . ( wait ) you be no doctor at all . and with that Peter go , leave mengele , to sink into he pillow as the nurse strap the mask firmly over he face . ext . criminal justice build - day rain pound the pavement . beneath the downpour umbrella converge on the great building . 128. int . criminal justice build - courtroom no . 700 - day the room be pack and silent as the judge enter . mengele be scarcely visible inside the glass enclosure , now stuff almost beyond capacity with medical machinery . even in the short time since Peter leave he , he condition have deteriorate . but more than that , something have change in mengele , as if the corner of a carefully - place veil have fall away . from behind it peer a profoundly dark and frigid soul , full of venom . preside judge back on the record in the matter of Germany versus mengele . hillmann shift nervously . Peter be at ease . preside judge the defense have ask this court how it can condemn kill by one physician while sanction kill by other . they have ask how we may , in they word , reject the last step while welcoming the first . this question puzzle the court . for german law sanction kill by no one . we acknowledge that the practice of medicine -- particularly modern medicine -- pose thorny ethical dilemma . but we declare with the law and constitution of Germany this one simple edict : do not kill . ( and again ) do not kill . mengele 's eye darken with blister contempt . preside judge by he own admission , the defendant do kill -- prolifically , energetically and without remorse . in the name of science he undertake barbaric experiment that inflicted unimaginable suffer . and then he congratulate himself with word like kindness , mercy and compassion . cory listen from the gallery . ( continued ) 129 . continued : preside judge this court instruct the defendant that genuine compassion address human suffer by draw alongside the sufferer to comfort and to serve . ( with great force ) it do not annihilate he . ( beat ) the defendant do successfully establish one fact beyond dispute : the human heart be capable of justify any evil it crave . and so the judgment of this court be as follow : mengele's face be set . preside judge ( 0.s. ) as to the charge of war crime , guilty on all count . mengele do not blink . push in . preside judge ( 0.s. ) as to the charge of crime against minority , guilty on all count . push closer . preside judge ( 0.s. ) as to the charge of crime against humanity , guilty on all count . continue push into extreme closeup . preside judge ( 0.s. ) because of the hideous nature of this crime and the enthusiasm with which they be commit , this court will mote out the maximum penalty possible under german law : life in prison . ( gavel ) this matter be conclude . mengele breathes a single word , a lifetime of rage distil in a whisper : mengele idiot . 130 . in the courtroom silence prevail . the judge rise and sweep from the room . cory sit motionless . slowly and with little sound , spectator rise and move toward the exit . Peter gaze into the glass enclosure as a retinue of earnest young doctor surround mengele and prepare to move he . hillmann step to Peter 's side . hillmann life in prison . ( bitterly ) he will laugh all the way to the grave . peter do you believe in hell , Felix ? hillmann I do not know . do you ? Peter never take he eye off mengele . peter I be hope . they watch as mengele be wheeled from the enclosure . the attendant pause to reposition the oxygen tank and mengele 's eye meet Peter 's . his voice be a hoarse whisper . mengele we would have do better with a medical tribunal . ( agonizing cough ) this imbecile ... ( another cough ) this imbecile have no idea what 's happen in medicine today . the attendant roll mengele slowly away . Peter watch until he 's go . int . criminal justice build - ground floor in the crush of courtgoer exite the building , cory search for Peter . she spot he near the door , stand still . like someone go into shock follow a trauma . cory cross to he . he turn to she . they eye meet . peter this morning ... I have the chance to kill he . I almost do it . ( continued ) 131 . continued : cory look through the door to the wait mob of reporter and beyond they the crowd of protestor . cory tell they that . make they understand why you do all this . even if it mean never argue another case . tell they . peter no . I have to do something harder . he take she hand . ext . criminal justice build - day Peter and cory emerge together , raise a umbrella against the rain that fall in sheet . Reporters thunder question . Peter step forward . peter what can I tell you ? that josef mengele be a savage butcher ? of course he be . but you already know that . what can I tell you ? that no connection exist between Germany 's first well - intentioned kill and the bloodbath that follow ? but it do exist . we prove that . josef mengele think this fact excuse he . he 's wrong . ( wait ) I fear it indict we all . ( wait again ) what can I tell you to help you sleep tonight ? only this . cherish life . Peter 's eye turn to cory and he pull she to he . peter cherish . every . life . Peter step away from the microphone . a wagnerian aria begins . cory take the umbrella from he . lower it . take he hand , she walk with he , push through the reporter , solemnly and unprotect , into the drench rain . fade out . 132 . fade in : a heavily - shadowed , unidentifiable , other -worldly place the aria be join by a stark hiss . something dark glide into frame . gleaming black boot . prone . follow by the crisp trousers of a ss officer 's uniform . then the dark uniform tunic , arm fold precisely across the chest after the manner of the ss . and then the face . hauptsturmfuhrer josef mengele . age and grey . eye wide open . they blink once . twice . the body trolly past , before it the open mouth of a wildly hissing gas oven . as the body slide into the inferno , the trousers begin to burn . the eye blink again . the aria soar . fade out . the end get help write a script that grab Hollywood 's attention  from writer who have do it . arrange for a professional script consultation from Christopher and Kathleen riley , the writer of the multiple - award - win film after the Truth , at www.scriptHollywood.com. '' the riley constantly make I dig deeper into the character and go for the emotional truth . thanks to they input I now have a fellowship at Disney and a script that get manager and agent to call I . '' Amy snow winner 2004 Disney screenwrite Fellowship find out more about how a consultation with the riley can help you by visit www.scriptHollywood.com. www. scriptHollywood.com