jennifer' body written by Diablo cody 9/20/2007 int . leech lake women' correctional hospital - day anita " needy " lesnicki , 17 , sit on she hospital bed in pajamas . she 's a plain - face girl with a haunt expression . as she stare out the window , she wind color yarn around a pair of popsicle stick to create a " god 's eye . " out a single window , we see a impose nine - foot security fence . next to needy , we see a pile of unopen mail scattered casually on the floor . there be letter , package , even creepy little gift and totem send by admire " fan . " needy v.o. every day , I get letter . I think I get more letter than Santa Claus , Zac efron and Dr. phil combine . I be kind of the shit . raymundo , a counselor rap on the door and stick he head in cautiously . raymundo rec time in five minute , needy . needy grassy -ass , raymundo . needy stand up and begin change into a institutional gym uniform . as she slip off she pajamas , we can see a series of puffy , slash - like scar on she body . needy v.o. sometimes the letter be from people who say they be praying for I . they tell I everything will be okay if I just accept Jesus Christ into my heart . I say the word , but nothing ever happen . nobody come back . nobody get off the cross . she glance sadly at a photo of a boy on she dresser . she touch the frame wistfully , she eye full of remorse . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) occasionally I get present from starfucker who see my picture in the paper and want to marry I or something . they think they can take I away from all this . ( more ) ( continued ) 2 . continued : needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) like I would really date some pervert Chester with a hard - on for jailbait . I might be insane , but I be not desperate . we see a morbid " hall of fame " of creepy photo send in from guy . they line the mirror , grin at we . there 's even a dick shot tuck in there . needy pull on she threadbare uniform T-shirt . it hang down to she knee , cover she short . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) a lot of people ask I if I be sorry I do it . needy pick up a paper cup of colorful pill on she dresser , dump the med into she mouth , and dry-swallow they . needy ( aloud ) I be sorry I do not do it sooner . she saunter out of the room in she gym uniform and bunny slipper . int . leech lake hospital gymnasium - morning several badminton court be set up in the gym . as a intense operatic aria play over the public address system , the female patient enthusiastically -- almost violently -- whack at the fly shuttlecock . the patient appear to be vary level of crazy . a toothless woman grin as she dive with she racket , clipping she partner in the leg . in the corner , one forlorn patient nurse she injure arm while another hurl she racket against the wall again and again . counselor look on approvingly , despite how miserable they charge appear . in the background , a few sulk patient jump rope . needy enter the gym unnotice , pad along in she bunny slipper . needy v.o. welcome to the mental Olympic . they be big on recreation here . supposedly it help we vent we aggression . we have trade in we hatchet for racket , we drain-o bomb for double dutch . ( more ) ( continued ) 3 . continued : needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) even the cutter get in on the action when they be fully conscious . we see a girl swinging a jump rope who have a ladder of fresh bandage on she arm and leg . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) I ? I be just try to stay invisible . nelly shuffles over to a tetherball and take a furious whack at it . int . leech lake cafeteria - one hour later the freshly shower patient assemble for breakfast . they grab trays and settle into noisy clique . needy select a single toaster pastry from the breakfast line and sit down , alone . needy v.o. personally , I think they be try to wear we out . keep we sluggish so there will not be a uprising . well , that j.v. tactic will not work against I . I be a kicker . k- I - c-k-e - R . it even say so on my chart . we briefly cut to needy 's chart , on some doctor 's clipboard . we see she name : anita " needy " lesnicki and a few brief detail about first degree murder and grandiose notion . beneath that , we see a triple- highlight warning in bright ink : kicker . a nutritionist with a clipboard approach needy casually and eye she breakfast plate . nutritionist just one toastem , huh ? needy ( quietly ) I like toastem . nutritionist that 's good . but I be not sure a toastem can provide you with sufficient energy for you day . I would recommend more complex carbohydrate ... ( continued ) 4 . continued : needy scramble to she foot and deliver a sudden , powerful roundhouse kick to the nutritionist 's face . needy i'd recommend that you shut the fuck up ! the nutritionist be knocked off her feet -- as if she 's be kick by a far mightier creature than needy -- and collapse , clutching she bleed nose . we see that the bone have snapped . the patient shriek . Chaos . as needy be restrain by staff member , she thrashes like a trap fish . needy snort up a killer loogie and hock it at the prone nutritionist . the glob nail she in the eye . it take four staff member to haul needy away as she holler in protest . the nutritionist curl up on the floor , cupping she bleed nose as a ring of curious patient surround she . she spit out a tooth . int . " the hole " - same needy be toss into seclusion . her hair be wild and she face be wet with tear . the heavy door slam behind she , leave only a shaft of light . needy v.o. I be not always this crack . I use to be normal -- well , as normal as any girl under the influence of teenage hormone . but after the killing begin , I start to feel , I do not know ... loose around the edge or something . I be come undone like that jeans I make in Home ec. falling to piece like patsy cline . shredd like moo- shu pork . Dead inside . needy cringe as she briefly hallucinate abstract shape in the darkness . grinning skull . face drain of life , half eat . grimace of terror . suddenly , soft music be pipe into " the hole , " ostensibly to calm the patient in solitary . needy shudder and recoil at the sound of it . it 's a cheesy rock ballad that we will soon hear again ... ( continued ) 5 . continued : cheesy song lyric " through the tree , I will find you . heal the ruin leave inside you . and the star will remind you , we will meet again ... " needy v.o. God , I hate this fuck song . needy plug she ear as if it physically hurt she to listen to the song . she curl up in the corner and steel herself for solitary confinement . dissolve to : title : two month earlier ext . devil' kettle , mn - night ( to establish ) Devil 's kettle be a quiet farming community , surround by dense wood and mirrore lake . it 's the kind of town that have one high school , one pizza joint , and one stoplight . on a overgrown rural route we see a rustic sign that read " welcome to devil' kettle - pop. 7,036 . come see what 's cookin ' ! " needy this be where it all go down . " Devil 's kettle " sound twisted , I know , but the place just be name after a dumb waterfall . ext . the fall - night ( to establish ) we see the titular fall , surprisingly powerful , gush over a rock face . needy v.o. well technically , it 's two waterfall . one of they be normal -- it empty into a river basin . but the other one go into a hole . and it do not come out . the scientist guy can not explain it . they have drop all kind of thing down there -- bouncy ball , red dye , radioactive slime -- but nothing ever surface . ( more ) ( continued ) 6 . continued : needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's another dimension . or , you know , just really deep . ext . jennifer' house ( to establish ) - midnight the sprawling ranch house be dark from the outside except for a single first floor window -- Jennifer 's -- still illuminate . there 's a chicken coop and a wire livestock pen in the backyard . we be definitely in deep north country . needy v.o. I have probably spend year of my life in this house . hundred of sleepover , thousand of aimless homework session , a million phone call . I have climb through Jennifer 's window so many time . but tonight , only one of we be go to come out . int . jennifer' bedroom - same jennifer check lie on she bed , fidget as she watch tv . she 's a girl of 16 with long , matted hair and a thin , frail body . her feature be gorgeous , but she look sick and haggard . she pick at she skin with yellow , nosferatu -like fingernails and chew idly on a limp lock of hair . Jennifer wear a tight T-shirt that say kettle high flag and underwear . a `80s horror movie flicker on the tv . Jennifer half - watch , distract . needy v.o. Jennifer do not always look this rough . actually , she be the prettiest girl in Devil 's kettle when she be not so ... hungry . some recent photo on a corkboard reveal that Jennifer be indeed beautiful and curvy . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) she have not feed in week . Jennifer roll over and glance at the window briefly . we see the outside of the house again . it 's dark and silent , but for the nearly inaudible snap of twig . ( continued ) 7 . continued : Jennifer turn she attention back to the tv . suddenly , we see needy' face pop up against the window , white and startling . before Jennifer notice , the face disappear . outside the house , the bush rustle . needy be crouch below the window . we hear the pulsing of she heart as if via ultrasound . it 's a wet , rhythmic sound : sploish , sploish , sploish . Inside , Jennifer stretch and shut off the tv . she turn out the light . a beat of silence . then , the sound of crack near the window . jennifer huh ? needy plunge through the window , scream and brandish a hammer . she take a swing at Jennifer 's head , but miss and bury it in the wall , specifically in Jennifer 's fall out Boy poster . needy throw herself on top of Jennifer . she straddle Jennifer and grip she throat , throttling she . needy you will throw I a bone , huh ? huh ? you kill chip ! you goddamn monster ! you ... zombitch ! Jennifer struggle to fight off needy in the darkness . her clawlike fingernails rake needy 's back and arm . needy pull a BOX cutter out of she waistband and flick it open like a switchblade . kshink ! jennifer ( gagging ) do you buy all you murder weapon at Home Depot ? God , you be butch . needy know what this be for ? cut box . she take a swipe at Jennifer 's crotch . Jennifer instinctively clutch herself and rear up in defense . we see Jennifer 's mouth come down on needy 's neck . needy shriek as if bitten , but continue to strangle Jennifer , straddle she and bear down . ( continued ) 8 . continued : ( 2 ) Jennifer 's T-shirt slide up to she armpit , expose she breast . for a moment , she eye meet needy 's and she grin . it 's as if she have control over needy for a split second , sexual control ... needy recoil and slashes Jennifer 's body leave and right with the box -cutter , mark a gory , ooze " X " on she torso . needy ( cont 'd ) ( hysterical ) cross out jennifer ! Jennifer gasp , stare at she wound in shock and disbelief . she look back up at needy . a beat of silence . suddenly , the girl ' body levitate rapidly toward the ceiling . they wrestle in a bloody , scream airborne heap , they figure entwine . they body fall , collapse back onto the bed with a thud . needy raise the box-cutter and plunge it into Jennifer 's heart . blood geyser from the wound . jennifer ( choking ) my tit ! suddenly , the room be flood with bright light , revealing a needy straddle Jennifer 's mutliated body . Jennifer 's breathe be a raspy death rattle . mrs . check , a middle - age woman in bad sleepwear and a worse perm rush into the bedroom . mrs . check Jennifer ! what be it , baby ? oh my God ! oh my God ! she pull needy off she daughter . Jennifer roll over , gasp and bleed . mrs. check ( cont 'd ) ( shocked ) needy ? needy drop the boxcutter . it land on Jennifer 's copy of flag team quarterly , splash the model with fresh gore . needy be she dead , Mrs. check ? do I get she ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : ( 3 ) Mrs. check cradle she maim daughter on the floor like a white - trash pieta . Jennifer take one last breath , vomit blood , and die . Mrs. check scream . needy smile . ext . jennifer check house - moment later Three police car squeal up to the curb with siren and light engage . officer roman duda , 22 , a muscular young cop , jog authoritatively toward the house . he shake he head , dumbfounded . roman Christ , needy , what have you do ? int . police squad car - dawn needy , innocent - look in pigtail , be hustle into the back of the squad car . her clothes and face be smear with blood . Officer duda start the ignition . his partner , a hard - face female cop , slide into the front seat . her cap be push back to accommodate a huge round pouf of shellack mall bang . needy hi , Roman ! how 's the Force treat you ? I like that jaunty cap . Blue like you ball . roman how could you do this , needy ? ( emotional ) you kill Jen -- Jennifer -- I mean , the victim . be you on something ? needy everything 's go to be okay now . I rule . female cop shut you mouth back there ! needy hey . do not you use to baby - sit I in like 1998 ? when my mom work the overnight at Hormel ? the female cop fidget uncomfortably . ( continued ) 10 . continued : needy ( cont 'd ) yeah . Gracie , right ? Gracie . I really like you hair , Gracie . how many can of salon selective do it take to erect that monument ? the cop reach into the backseat and slap needy , who hiccup with laughter . needy ( cont 'd ) watch it , puffy comb . that 's police brutality ! female cop you be one to talk about brutality , Ms. lesnicki . you be look at attempt murder . needy ugh , do not say attempt . that sound so jv . small time . teeny - weeny , just like Officer duda up there . and trust I -- I would know . Roman swallow nervously , eye on the road . Officer warzak glance at he . needy ( cont 'd ) let 's get we fact straight : I successfully commit a hard core , fully premeditate murder back there . I fuck destroy that brat , ok ? I , needy lesnicki , put a stop-payment on Jennifer check . she slump down in the backseat . needy ( cont 'd ) why be I even in this cuff ? I just save every guy in this town from become Satan Chow . I be a hero . female cop she 's delirious . roman ( muttering ) this be go to be a circus . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) female cop at least we have already get a confession . needy Confession be for pussy . you have get a declaration , Grace . she giggle maniacally . Roman turn on the radio , violate protocol . it 's a soar rock anthem -- the same song we hear be pipe into solitary confinement . both cop brighten when they hear the song . Roman crank the volume . roman God , I love this song . female cop I know . and they have do so much for this town . roman they be way more than a band , really . they be heroes . female cop wait , this be my favorite part ... Roman and the female cop begin to sing along with the uplift , corny song : female cop and roman ( in unison ) " through the tree , I will find you . heal the ruin leave inside you . and the star will remind you , that you be home ... " needy stare out the window at the sun creep up over the forest on the horizon . needy v.o. so I kill she . whatever . it will not undo anything . Three pulse -- three life -- all stop cold by adolescent bloodlust . it 's hard to believe that just two month ago , I , Jennifer and my boyfriend chip be completely normal people . ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 3 ) needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) we be we yearbook picture . nothing more , nothing less . we see a brief montage of black - and - white yearbook still : jennifer execute the split on a football field , she smile bright . needy inspect a school newspaper layout , pen in hand , glass on she nose . and finally , chip dove , play a strap - on snare drum at a school pep rally , he head bent in concentration .... needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) Jesus , chip .. the photo fade into the pep rally itself . chip be animated , drum in full color ... int . kettle high - day chip drum on the sideline of the Devil 's kettle High basketball court . the stand be pack with bore student for a pep rally . chip be 16 , clean cut , and a awful drummer . needy v.o. chip could not drum for shit . he only know " land of a thousand dance " and the solo from " wipeout . " lucky for he , the pep band gig be not too demand . sure enough , the band be play " land of a thousand dance . " nearby , the flag team clap with glove hand , pick up they flag for a choreograph stunt . Jennifer step forward in she flag team uniform , breathtakingly beautiful . she hoist she flag aloft , twirling it . time freeze as the flag unfurl . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) if you can believe it , that 's Jennifer . yeah , the same girl I iced with the box-cutter . only back then , we be tight . sister , practically . people find it hard to believe that a babe like Jennifer would associate with a dork like I . but we would be the wonder twin since we be practically preverbal . sandbox love never die . Jennifer finish she maneuver and wave to the stand . needy wave back at she excitedly from the bleacher , small and owlish with glass and lank hair . ( continued ) 13 . continued : chastity , a similarly geeky - look girl stand next to needy , roll she eye at this display of affection . chastity you be totally lesbigay . needy what ? she 's my best friend . the geeky girl mockingly imitate needy 's excited wave . chastity you stare at she like you want to dry hump she . needy ignore she . chastity ( cont 'd ) like , hump she through pants . needy ( interrupting ) be you jealous ? chastity of what ? that rich bitch ? needy she 's not rich . int . kettle high hallway - after school needy dig through she locker , carefully select textbooks to take home . Jennifer skip up to she , smile . jennifer hey , monistat . needy what 's up , vagisil ? jennifer you and I be go out tonight . she check herself out in needy 's locker mirror . needy tonight ? why ? jennifer Soft shoulder be play at the carousel . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . continued : jennifer ( cont 'd ) and it 's all - age , for once , which mean I will not have to play hello titty with the door guy . needy what 's Soft shoulder ? jennifer they be this indie band from the city . I see they myspace and the singer be extra salty . and there will be lot of other salty morsel there for you . come on needy , it 's the weekend ! needy it 's Thursday . jennifer Thursday count as the weekend in college . and we be go to be in college twenty - three month from now . University of Northern Minnesota duluth - woo ! needy continue load she backpack . jennifer ( cont 'd ) please , please you be a social disease ? needy I have to study . Jennifer pout . with a outstretch finger , she draw a dramatic X in the air over needy and boo loudly . jennifer ( shout ) boo ! Cross out needy ! needy blushes , shrink self - consciously . she obviously hate to displease Jennifer . needy Fine . what time be the show ? jennifer I will pick you up at 8:30 . my mom have a date with that guy who own the ham store . needy he seem nice . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) jennifer ( smirking ) yeah , Mom say he 's get a huge ... heart . so huge he give she a recur bladder infection . wear something cool , okay ? needy okay . int . needy' house - 8:45 a.m. needy be stand in a small , dingy bathroom , try on different configuration of clothing . needy v.o. " wear something cool " mean something very specific in Jennifer -speak . it mean I could not look like a nerd , but I could not upstage she either . I could expose my stomach , but never cleavage . tit be she trademark . needy wiggle she jeans a bit lower , expose she childishly round tummy . she walk out of the bathroom into she bedroom , a frilly pink hell complete with canopy bed . chip dove be sit on the bed , look lose in all that pink . he raise a eyebrow at needy 's abdomen . chip that jeans be hella low . I can almost see you front butt . needy chip , it 's a rock show . this be my rock look . chip I can see , like , you womb . needy sigh and hoist up she pants . chip ( cont 'd ) why be you blow I off for some dumb concert , anyway ? we be suppose to have Movie night . I even rent orca . it 's like jaw , except with a harmless whale . ( continued ) 16 . continued : needy Jennifer need I . she really want to go see this band . it 's extremely important to she . chip I have never even hear of Soft shoulder . which one be Jennifer stalking ? needy the lead singer , of course . Girls like she do not go out with drummer . chip thanks a lot ! needy no offense . I mean , she would probably make a exception for a drummer who be also the lead singer . chip like phil Collins . needy who 's phil Collins ? chip forget it . he 's seminal , but whatever ... needy anyway , this singer guy be like 22 , so he could get lock up in the state pen if he actually date she . but Jennifer say he 's extra salty , so ... chip salty . you guy ever go to stop use that secret language ? needy " salty " mean beautiful . chip then you must be soy sauce , babe . needy and chip start making out . chip unbuckle he belt eagerly even though they have barely begin . needy stop . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) needy Jennifer 's here . chip how do you know ? needy shrug . a beat of silence . then we hear the door swing open . jennifer' voice float up from downstairs . jennifer ( o.s. ) needy , quit tampoon yourself and get down here ! chip that 's fuck weird . needy ( straighten she clothes ) I would better hurry . chip you always do what Jennifer tell you to do . needy pull she necklace out from beneath she shirt and flash a heart - shape " b.f.f . " charm at chip . needy she 's my best friend , chip. remember ? this necklace be no joke . chip sigh , resign . they head downstairs . int . needy' house ( live room ) - same Jennifer be wait in the front hallway . she 's heavily make - up and dress in a predictably sexy outfit . she dangle a set of car key in front of needy and chip . jennifer ( gloat ) guess who 's get the whip `til 11:30 ? a 2003 Chrysler sebring and it 's all mine . needy wow . ( continued ) 18 . continued : jennifer you be lucky you get to ride with I to the club in style ! she do a sexy little dance in the doorway , then notice chip . jennifer ( cont 'd ) oh , hi chip . do you like puppy ? she grab she boob and thrust she chest outward at he , giggle . needy watch jealously and maneuver her way in front of jennifer . chip I think you forget , like , two button . needy I think she remember two button . Jennifer sniff the air . jennifer it smell like thai food in here . ( beat ) have you guy be fuck ? needy you be gross ! she shove Jennifer and they begin wrestle playfully . chip slump against the wall , stare awestruck at Jennifer 's cleavage . jennifer okay , let 's go to the club . the three of they shuffle onto the porch . needy lock the door . chip the carousel be not a club . jennifer eat my ass , chip . you be just jello `cause you be not invite . chip I be not jello ! that place be gross . everyone there have a mustache . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) jennifer you be totally jello ! you be lime green jello and you can not even admit it . the girl scamper toward the car . chip ( call after they ) stop kidnap my girlfriend ! int . the carousel - night the carousel be a run-down tavern at the edge of town , the kind with nascar poster , wobbly chair and strand of plastic pennant crisscross the ceiling . it 's a busy night and the bar be teeming with local . a bartender sell a case of Beer to a customer and pass it over the bar . needy v.o. chip be right . the carousel be definitely not a club . club be for attractive people in populous urban area . club have dj and champagne and separate bathroom for guy and girl . all we have be a break jukebox , a few domestic tap and the sticker toilet . smash CUT to : int . bathroom - same we see a lone , nasty - look toilet cover in band sticker . back on needy : needy and Jennifer enter the bar . every guy in the joint stare at Jennifer , who snap she " minor " wristband distastefully . jennifer God , I can not wait until I be old enough to get waste . have you ever have peach schnapp ? needy I do not think so . ( continued ) 20 . continued : jennifer Peach schnapp be excellent . they even taste good when they come out of you nose mid-puke . a teenage guy , craig , pass by and wave . craig hi Jennifer . you look nice . jennifer ( without enthusiasm ) what up , Craig . she elbow needy and make a gagging gesture . jennifer ( cont 'd ) he think he 's cute enough for I . no wonder he 's in retard math . Jennifer pull out a pack of camel wide and light one awkwardly . needy notice ahmet from india , a foreign exchange student , stand by himself away from the crowd . needy hey , it 's ahmet from India . the foreign exchange guy . he 's all by himself . jennifer I can not believe we trade a cute hockey player for that . needy he seem okay . he 's get that cool elephant statue in he locker . jennifer do you think he 's circumcise ? I always want to try sea cucumber . needy ew ! roman duda saunter up to Jennifer , swigging a bottle of beer . he snatch the pack of cigarettes away from she . roman you be smoking dick now , Jen ? jennifer what ? I like the wide . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) she stick the fat cigarette between she lip and inhale pointedly . roman I just bet you do . I should arrest you for possession under the legal age . jennifer arrest I , pfft ! you be not even out of the academy yet , Roman ! roman two more month and I be on the force for real . then I will be able to cuff you whenever the hell I want . he grip she wrist and twist it behind she back . jennifer how will I wait that long ? she paw Roman 's crotch discreetly . needy wince . roman not here , babe . I gotta keep my nose clean . needy ( pointing ) look , there 's the band ! a group of skinny indie rock boy be set up they equipment on a pathetically tiny stage -- it 's more like a dais . the lead singer have intense , spooky eye , nearly obscure by a shock of hair . the local , mostly good ol ' boy , eye the band suspiciously . jennifer you can tell they be from the city . roman yeah , `cause they look like a bunch of faygo . jennifer you would think that . you be such a small - time gomer . I wish we have more guy like that in Devil 's kettle . all stylish and shit . needy nod dumbly . she stare at the band , awestruck . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) needy they look so -- so cool . she gaze at the stage , hearing only the whistling rush of arctic AIR . in slow motion , the guitarist unsheathes he fender jaguar from its gig bag . he notice she stare and run the tip of he tongue over he lip . needy swallow hard . jennifer hey , I think they need two groupy . come on ! it will be like almost famous ! I will be penny Lane and you can be the other girl . she grab needy 's hand and enthusiastically try to drag she toward the stage . needy no ! jennifer do not be j.v. , needy . they be just boy . morsel . we have all the power , do not you know that ? she plant she hand on needy 's chest . jennifer ( cont 'd ) this thing be like smart bomb . Point `em in the right direction and shit get real . needy shrug free of Jennifer 's grasp and follow she reluctantly across the room . the lead singer of Soft shoulder , nikolai wolf , be already stride forward to meet they at the lip of the stage . his gait be as smooth as he shock of dyed - black hair . jennifer ( cont 'd ) hi . um , we just really want to meet you or something ? I be Jennifer check and this be my friend . nikolai I be nikolai Wolf , and this be my band . he reach down and pump Jennifer 's outstretch hand . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 4 ) jennifer ( awkward ) yeah ! Soft shoulder , right ? I have hear you guy be super , super good at play you instrument . nikolai I hope we can live up to such ... high praise . needy hey , if you do not mind I ask , why do you want to play all the way out here in Devil 's kettle ? you live in the city , right ? nikolai yeah . but I think it 's so important to connect with we fan in rural area . plus , the audience in small town really appreciate we . jennifer can I show you my appreciation right now ? needy look at the floor , embarrassed . Jennifer 's voice scale up nervously . jennifer ( cont 'd ) like , I will buy you a drink ? I mean , I will see if I can get you a drink . they make this great 9 / 11 tribute shooter ? it 's red , white and blue , but you have to drink it fast or it get all brownish . nikolai ( grimacing ) mmm . Jennifer hurry off toward the bar . needy move self - consciously into a nearby corner , not want to continue the conversation with nikolai alone . a local plug a Loretta Lynn tune into the jukebox , with a challenging stare at the band . a drunk couple begin two -stepping in front of the stage . nikolai walk up to the guitar player , dirk , and pull he aside . needy prick up she ear and listen . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 5 ) nikolai ( cont 'd ) dirk , what about she ? dirk ( gesture to needy ) who , train bra Jones ? needy look offended . nikolai no , the hot one . the one who just walk away . she 's it , man . she 's exactly what we be look for . dirk you be sure she 's ... nikolai she 's a kid . we be in God 's country , man . everyone out here 's a fundie bible - banger . of course she 's a virgin . dirk hesitates . nikolai ( cont 'd ) dirk , we do not haul we ass out to this corn palace for nothing ! dirk fine. okay . you know , I know I be not " just the bassist . " I be a person who happen to play the bass guitar . and I would like some respect ... nikolai be already ignore he . needy , alarmed , emerge from she hide place and discreetly rush over to the bar where Jennifer be argue with a jealous -look Roman . he shake he head in disgust and leave the bar . Jennifer walk over hold a ostentatious patriotic themed drink . she laugh when she see needy 's concerned expression . jennifer what ? be you scared of rock star too ? needy that guy be rank , Jen . just forget about it . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 6 ) jennifer I think the singer want I . needy only because he think you be a virgin . I hear they talk . jennifer yeah , right ! I be not even a backdoor- virgin anymore , thanks to Roman . by the way , that hurt . I could not even go to flag the next day . I have to stay home and sit on a bag of freeze peas . needy oh my God . jennifer well , if nikolai want innocent , I can do innocent . I will be Little miss Fucking Sunshine . needy he 's way too old for you . jennifer do not cock - block I , needy . pierce feedback signal the beginning of the set . nikolai take the mic and smile broadly . nikolai good evening , Devil 's Lake . someone in the back shout " Devil 's kettle ! " nikolai ( cont 'd ) sorry . anyway , we be Soft shoulder . and we just want to make you happy . he wink at Jennifer . the band launch into the same intense , soar song we hear in the cop car and the hole . Jennifer 's eye never leave nikolai 's . she 's hypnotize , cling to needy 's arm . even the local look charme . suddenly , a lick of flame appear on the wood panele next to the stage . needy be the first to notice . as she watch in horror , the fire be reflect in she glass . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 7 ) the flame quickly climb up to the ceiling and begin to blaze uncontrollably . people scream and scatter . someone ineffectually try to throw a pitcher of beer on the fire . nikolai turn and see the fire spread . he and chas exchange glance . the bass player pitch he guitar aside and jump off the stage , and the drummer abandon he kit . nikolai seem perfectly cool and compose as he watch from the stage ... be he smile ? chaos . everyone be try to get out of the bar at once , cause a stampede . a woman 's clothes and hair catch FIRE and she fall to she knee . we see a beam fall from the roof , nearly kill ahmet from india . Jennifer stand still in a dreamlike state . needy ( to Jennifer ) I know where to go ! needy grab Jennifer by the elbow and pull she into the tiny bathroom . choke on smoke , they climb onto the sticker toilet ( which now sport a giant soft shoulder sticker on the tank ) and boost each other out the bathroom window . hundred be still trap inside , scream . ext . the carousel - continuous Jennifer collapse in needy 's arm , cough . needy hug she fiercely , almost romantically . she cup Jennifer 's flushed face and look into she eye . jennifer ( day ) it 's so hot , needy . I think I be on fire . oh God , I be burn ! needy you be okay , I promise . you get burn worse when you wear that tin-foil bikini to the beach . everything 's fine . suddenly , a hand clamp onto Jennifer 's shoulder . both girl jump . it 's nikolai , he forehead crease with false concern . nikolai be you girl all right ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : needy be less than thrilled to see he . needy we be great . maybe you should try to find you band ? nikolai that guy ? they be the first one out the door . ran for the van like a bunch of mary . frankly , I be ashamed of they . needy narrow she eye suspiciously . muffled scream rise up from the flame - engulf building . Jennifer cover she ear and cower , sweat roll down she face . nikolai ( cont 'd ) God , it feel like hell out here . come and hang with we in the van for a while , just until they hose this place down . jennifer okay...okay ... she slump against nikolai 's chest . nikolai you be in shock . here , drink this . you will feel better . he smoothly retrieve a plastic bottle of peach schnapp from he coat and hold it to Jennifer 's lip . she swig it cooperatively , dribble down she chin . needy blink in disbelief at the coincidence . needy be not you a little freak out about this ? what about all you stuff ? it 's probably melting , and when you get to the next stop you will have to do like , a crappy acoustic set ! nobody like that . nikolai we will be able to afford new gear soon enough . I have a feel we be gonna blow up . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) jennifer ( slurring ) I want to see you van . c'mon needy , let 's go to the van . needy why ? why should we ? we have the malibu . let 's just get out of here . we can go to El ojo and get northwood nachos with extra badger sauce ! please ? I be starve . jennifer needy , stop it . just stop it ! she defiantly follow nikolai toward the white van , which be park a suspiciously safe distance from the bar . needy stagger after they slowly , watch . behind needy , the bar explode . scream . flame . silence . needy do not even look back as she watch Jennifer get into the van . ash drift into she hair like snowflake . nikolai take off he shirt as he enter the van , revealing he slick , muscle white torso . needy v.o. I watch she get into that van and I know something awful be go to happen . but for some reason , I feel draw toward they . toward he . he be pale and twisted and evil , like this petrify tree I see when I be a kid . ext . petrified forest national park - ( flashback ) we see little needy , about five year old , stare up at a petrify tree in the darkness , horrify yet compel . the tree seem to stoop forward , crack ... back on needy : needy 's face be fix in the same haunt expression . nikolai turn to look at she , he tooth bare in a vicious smile . needy turn and sprint off in the opposite direction , away from the van and the fire . 29 . int . needy' bedroom - 11:00 p.m. needy stumble into she bedroom , overwhelm . her clothes be smoke damage and she cheek be sooty . she grab she cheap , tape - up cell phone and dial chip 's number shakily . cross CUT phone call : int . chip' bedroom - continuous chip 's bedroom be pitch black until a cheap cell phone light up under the cover illuminate he sleep form , clad only in jockey short . chip ( sleepily ) hey , niedermeyer . needy thank God you be there . I hope you be sleep with you phone . chip what 's wrong ? needy Jennifer 's go . she run off with that rock band . and the carousel burn down . chip sit bolt upright chip like , burn down ? to the ground ? be everyone okay ? needy no . I think they be mostly dead . chip shit . you be okay , right ? needy we go out the bathroom window . everyone else be try to use the door . it be like a stampede . the people who faint get run over and you could hear they bone break . ( more ) ( continued ) 30 . continued : needy ( cont 'd ) there be all this scream and pop , like a million Black cat all go off at once . and the smell ... chip this be real , right ? this be not just , like , some crazy dream like last time ? needy no ! anyway , it take I like a hour to walk home . but Jennifer 's still with that creep ! they have one of that white molester van with no window . the back be all black out . chip who care about Jennifer and that douchebag with douchebag haircut ? people just burn to death . in we town ! the doorbell chime . needy ( frantic ) oh cheese and fries ! someone 's here . I be alone , chip . I be freak out ! chip where 's you mom ? needy swing shift . listen , I will call you in a minute . stay awake . chip ( sleepily ) holla back . needy hang up the phone and rush downstairs . as she pass through the shadowy kitchen , appliance hum all around she . the silence be menace . int . needy' house ( front entry ) - continuous needy open the door . nobody there . she slam the door , turn around and scream . ( continued ) 31 . continued : Jennifer be stand in the dark hallway , look ghostly pale and smile . her clothes be tatter and stain -- she entire front be soak in blood . her makeup be smear , and she eye be bruise and sink like a zombie 's . she look horrifying , especially with that ghastly , clownish grin . needy um , Jennifer ? Jennifer say nothing and continue to smile with blood - tinged tooth . needy ( cont 'd ) what happen ? utter silence . then a drip sound . needy look down and see large drop of blood spattering the linoleum . Jennifer continue to smile , stare directly at needy . needy ( cont 'd ) ( trembling ) j- Jen ? Jennifer let out a horrifying banshee scream , wail at the top of she lung . she vomit a torrent of evil - look black bile all over herself and needy and stagger wildly down the hallway . the bloody black bile hit the wall , splash a frame school portrait of needy . needy scream and watch in horror as it slide down the wall . the bile have hundred of tiny spine stick out of it , like little porcupine needle , and it appear to move by itself , ooze across the linoleum , creep into the corner . it 's truly revolting . needy grab Jennifer blindly and clap a hand over she mouth . Jennifer fall to she knee , she scream turn to jag , insane laughter . needy try to run , but Jennifer grab she and throws she against the wall with superhuman force , pin she . Jennifer slowly , tantalizingly brushes she face against needy 's hair , she earlobe . needy do not move a muscle . Jennifer 's hand slide up needy 's ribcage . she press she lip against needy 's carotid artery . we hear needy 's blood pump , swish . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) jennifer ( whispering ) be you scared ? needy nod . Jennifer part she lip . then suddenly , she stop and pull away , push needy to the floor . Jennifer bolt out the front door and take off run down the street . needy be motionless for a moment , then stumble toward the doorway . needy ( scream after she ) Jennifer ! but she 's long go . int . kettle high - the next morning moment before the first morning bell . needy be sit at she desk in English class , still visibly bruise from she scuffle with Jennifer the night before . she look like she have not sleep a wink . the mood be quiet and somber -- kid whisper about the fire and gather in group . gossiping girl ( whispering ) I hear needy and Jennifer be there and they have to fight they way out with a machete . other girl look , she 's not even move . gossiping girl it 's call Post traumatic stress disorder ... suddenly , a figure step in front of needy . it 's jennifer , look absolutely gorgeous -- and remarkably unscathed . she smile brightly at needy as if nothing happen the night before . jennifer happy Friday ! , d- bag ! needy you -- you be all right ! ( continued ) 33 . continued : jennifer yeah . why would not I be ? needy last night . at my house . you be hurt . you have two black eye and blood everywhere and ... jennifer needy , you be delusional . I get a little bang up when you make I go out that window , but I be fine . needy ( dumbfounded ) we have to go out that window . the bar be like , engulf in flame ! jennifer you do have a tendency to overreact . remember at girl scout camp when you think there be a earthquake and it be really just two guy with a ghetto blaster ? needy a lot of people die , Jennifer . they burn to death , or they choke , or they just get trample . more than half of the people there do not make it out . it 's like , all over the news . National news . kid be dead . Parents be dead . jennifer anyone we know ? needy we know everyone ! jennifer suck to be they , I guess . she giggle and reach for she knockoff designer purse . needy I do not get it . what 's wrong with you ? Jennifer apply lip gloss and smack she lip together . jennifer what 's wrong with you ? I mean , besides the obvious surface flaw . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) needy rub she eye , stunne . needy ( to herself ) there 's no way I dream it . no way . she look down at she hand . there 's dried blood under she fingernails . needy v.o. her blood be still under my nail . see , I would be up all night scrubbing the carnage off the linoleum . int . needy' house ( front entry ) - dawn ( flashback ) we see needy on she hand and knee in the eerie blue light of dawn , sobbing as she diligently scrub blood and bile off the floor with a dirty sponge . the black , spiny vomit repulse she , and she gag . she reach for a Swiffer wet jet mop and pull the trigger . no solution come out . she curse , hysterical and sleep -deprive . needy work , you ... twat ! swiff , darn it ! swiff ! swiff ! she collapse in tear on the floor . back on needy - present day needy ( cont 'd ) ( softly , to herself ) shoot. jennifer do not talk to yourself . it 's one of you more freakish needy behavior and it make we both look like total gaylord . needy raise she hand desperately to Jennifer , spread she finger to display she filthy fingernails . jennifer ( cont 'd ) eww , you need a mani bad . you would better find a chinese chick to buff you situation ! ( continued ) 35 . continued : mr. wroblewski , a middle - age teacher , enter the room . he have a gnarly - look robotic hand and move awkwardly . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( smirking ) here come handi-snack . Mr. wroblewski clear he throat . his voice quaver . mr. wroblewski I be sure that of you who make it here today have all hear the news . it 's a dark day for Devil 's kettle , a day we can never , ever forget . a single , stifle sob rise from the class . needy glance around the room and see student fight back tear . a huge jock weep openly , tear spattering he swimsuit - model decorate notebook . Jennifer smirk , barely able to contain she laughter . mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) the administration here have decide that today will be a unstructure day of support and remembrance . we have lose nine precious student -- include ahmet from India - - several parent , and a teacher , Ms. parrish . he fight back tear . jennifer no way ! parrish eat shit ? needy shush she , appal . mr. wroblewski this tragedy be obviously beyond anything we can measure . more than ever , we need to band together and draw strength from each other . Mr. wroblewski painstakingly retrieve a tissue from he pocket with he robotic hand and dab at he face . mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) ( he voice crack ) we can rise up . we can overcome death . needy eye Jennifer warily . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) the jock collapse in sob . a tiny , acne-scarred geek lean over and fold the jock into a unlikely hug . jennifer ( dry ) oh look , they be united in grief . that will last . int . kettle high hallway - after school the automated bell ring . needy sling on she backpack and hurry over to chip 's locker . he 's pack up a pair of drum mallet . chip no band practice today . needy no anything today . chip it 's surreal , right ? I mean , when just one guy die in Devil 's kettle , it 's like time stop . and now so many people be dead , nobody know when it 's okay to start again . needy I feel guilty just breathe . chip Word . needy chip , I need to tell you something kind of weird . it 's about Jennifer . chip what ? needy you know last night when we be talk and someone come to my door ? that be Jennifer . but she do not talk . she just stand there , smile at I , but a bad kind of smile . she look like she would be beat up or shot or something . she be all bloody . ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . continued : needy ( cont 'd ) and then she barf up this disgusting prickly stuff that be like roadkill and sewing needle all mix together . she shudder at the memory chip yuck . like that porcupine meatball my mom make with the rice stick out ? needy yeah , like almost that bad ! chip and needy ponder the grotesque image in silence . chip it be probably because she inhale a whole bunch of smoke . needy no . it be something evil . chip you might want to talk to the school shrink , needy . I be not say that to be a dillhole . I be actually kinda concerned . needy chip , I be a National merit scholar . I do not tell whopper and I be not crazy . chip I do not say you be crazy . it 's just that everyone 's a little mess up about this . it 's okay to feel ... needy discombobulate ? chip yeah , you know . fucked up . as they prepare to leave , colin gray approach needy . he 's a cute punk / goth guy wear black nail polish , a lip ring , and full wardrobe by hot topic . colin hi needy . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) chip blatantly scoot closer to needy , eyeing Colin suspiciously . needy oh. hi , Colin . colin ( dramatic ) I hear you be there last night . in the fiery trenches . needy uh-huh . colin well , I be glad you make it out . really . needy thanks . Colin walk away . chip look jealous . chip how be you friend with Colin Gray ? I think Colin Gray only talk to the Dead Girls . we see a group of goth girl splay against they locker in full regalia . one wear a accordion for no reason . needy I just be . we have composition together . he 's a really good writer . you know -- he 's so dark and emotional and all . chip oh. I can relate . I be also like that , even if I be not all obvious about it like a poseur . needy walk I home ? chip you know it . ext . kettle high football field - continuous jonas kozelle , the jock we see sobbing earlier , be stand at the desert football field . ( continued ) 39 . continued : it 's a gray , overcast fall day and the wind whistle eerily through the tree . the football be set back a good a distance from the school , and jonas be all alone . in the distance , a tiny figure slowly approach , it start a dot on the horizon . as it draw closer , we see it 's jennifer . her bright , lipstick grin be eerie and unmistakable . jonas glance briefly over he right shoulder , indifferent . a few second later , he glance again . strangely , Jennifer isn't there . Jennifer suddenly appear on jonas 's leave side , startling he . jennifer hi ! jonas ( alarm ) oh. hey , Jennifer . jennifer I be crazy - sorry about you profound loss . you be cry about Craig , right ? jonas he be my best friend . Jennifer put she arm around he sympathetically . jennifer I know . I be close to he too . you know , I be there last night in that horrible place . I see Craig a few minute before the fire break out . jonas you -- you do ? jennifer yeah . I be probably the last person to talk to he . like , ever . literally . jonas wow . what do he say ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) jennifer well , we get to talk about you , actually . and do you know what he say ? he say you be like a brother to he . not a bro . a actual brother . jonas 's lip tremble as he unsuccessfully fight back tear . Jennifer cuddle closer to he . jonas ( choke up ) I just can not believe he 's go . jennifer I know , I know . ( beat ) hey , you know what else Craig say ? jonas what ? jennifer forget it . it 's too intense . jonas what ? please , Jen , you have gotta tell I ! jennifer well , he say he always think you and I would make a totally bangin ' couple . be not that so weird ? jonas he say bangin ' ? Jennifer reach for jonas 's hand and slide it slowly up she shirt , place it on she leave breast . jennifer ( whispering ) feel my heart , jonas . I think it 's break . jonas ( choke up ) mine too . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 3 ) jennifer come with I . just for a while . we will help each other get through this nightmare . it 's what Craig would have want . jonas nod dumbly , brainwash . Jennifer lead he away from the field , toward the wood border the school campus . they vanish into the wood . in the distance , we see the fall rush into the lake . ext . residential STREET - continuous needy and chip be walk home from school , still deep in discussion . chip the whole night must be a total blur , right ? needy that 's the thing , it 's not a blur at all ! I remember everything , in like ultra-high - def detail . the band , the fire , everything . especially what happen after . chip " after " be the part I do not really get , to be honest . needy please , I need someone to believe I . Jennifer be -- she be destroy . she be die in my hallway , chip . I see . I use my cpr training to check she pulse . and I feel she die , on the inside , I mean . I have know she so long that it 's like sometimes I can feel what she feel . we be like E.T. and elliot ness . chip I believe you . chip take needy 's hand and squeeze it . needy thanks , chipper . 42 . int . wood surrounding school - continuous Jennifer and jonas be in the wood . Jennifer efficiently whip off she top and bra and begin kissing jonas hungrily . as jonas touch she , he recoil . jonas you feel so warm . why be you so warm ? jennifer ( firmly cover he mouth ) shutty ! she pull off jonas ' shirt and dig she nail into he arm , kissing he with renew ferocity . the wood be dead silent . a few squirrel approach the clear , and jonas watch they warily with one open eye as Jennifer kiss he . then a deer wander into the clear . then a fox . the animal pause in they track and watch , motionless . it 's a eerie , unnatural tableau . animal continue to gather . jonas ( muffled ) Jennifer ! Jen ... Jennifer be annoyed . jennifer what ? jonas look ! he gesture to the animal , who be watch , still as statue . a few crow alight on a nearby tree . jennifer mm-hmm . they be wait . jonas uh , okay ... Jennifer unzip jonas 's jeans and smile , reach down and work he with she hand . jonas moan , still eyeing the animal . jennifer do you miss Craig ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : jonas ( startled ) of course . jennifer do not worry . you be go to see you buddy again . jonas you mean like in heaven someday ? jennifer no . she smile and shake she head . jonas jerk back , creepe out . he try to pull away from Jennifer , but she 's too strong . she pin he to the tree . we see she jaw begin to unhinge , like some horrible snake . her eye cloud over with blood ... ext . kettle high campus - continuous a horrible scream of agony rise from the wood . Mr. wroblewski be exite the school , briefcase in hand . he stop in he track when he hear the scream . he shake he head sadly . mr. wroblewski ( to himself ) God , they be feel so much pain . another scream , this time weaker . mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) let it all out , kid . he head for he Ford festiva , then pause as if think better of it . something be not right . he put he key back in he pocket and walk toward the wood to investigate . int . needy' house - kitchen - continuous needy be prepare herself a fry bologna sandwich in the kitchen . needy 's albino ferret chase a ball across the crack floor . needy scrape the sandwich out of the skillet and take a bite . ( continued ) 44 . continued : needy fry bologna be the bomb ! ( to ferret ) you want some , greedo ? she tun on the kitchen radio and be surprised to hear a very familiar song : " through the tree , " by Soft shoulder . suddenly , she pause , a look of unease and even fear crossing she face . she stop and brace herself against the counter , she knee shaking . something be not right . she drop the sandwich . greedo go straight for it . needy ( cont 'd ) something 's wrong ... as needy sink to she knee , she stare straight ahead at the refrigerator . a photo magnet of jennifer leer back at she . she close she eye . a brief , near-subliminal flash of the carnage in the wood ... the song end , snap needy out of she reverie . radio dj that be Soft shoulder , the local band who become the unlikely heroes of the tragedy in Devil 's kettle last night . eyewitness say the boy help numerous people escape the inferno , risk they own life in the process . that 's rock and roll with a conscience , lady and gentleman . have a lot of request for that one ... ext . kettle high campus - same Mr. wroblewski venture into the wood , head toward the clear . at first , we can only hear mysterious sound -- scratch and smack . bird and animal be closely gather in a circle . suddenly , Mr. wroblewski clutches he arm and gag , realize the animal be feed on a huge carcass . a badger look up , its snout soak in blood . Mr. wroblewski begin to scream . the animal scatter . ( continued ) 45 . continued : a glimpse of the corpse : it 's jonas , of course . his entire torso have be tear open , expose he rib and gut . blood and viscera everywhere , intestine strewn about the forest floor like party streamer . mr. wroblewski virgin mother ! Mr. wroblewski fall to he knee , holler . int . needy' house ( kitchen ) - continuous needy be seat at the kitchen table . she accidentally drop the remain of she sandwich on the floor , where the ferret quickly pillage it . needy crap ! needy 's mom , antonia " toni " lesnicki , have quietly enter the kitchen in she pajamas . she 's pale and sweaty , as if she 's be spook . toni you say it . needy oh , hi , Mom . I do not know you be awake . toni I just have one of my night terror . needy it 's four o' clock , so technically you have a day terror . toni right , right . I be all mix up since I start work swing again . needy what do you dream about ? toni I dream some bad people be try to nail I to a tree with hammer and big stake and shit . just like Jesus . she cross herself piously . ( continued ) 46 . continued : toni ( cont 'd ) they be try to get to you too , but I would not let `em . I be a hard - ass , ford-tough mama bear . needy ( smiling ) yes you be . toni it 's like , do not y'all touch my daughter . I will piss on you like calvin . needy you know , I can take care of myself , Mom . toni that 's what you think . one of this day you be gonna be cry out for I and I might not be there . needy hey Mom ? do you get a chance to catch the news after you clocked out this morning ? toni no . I just do my scratch ticket , snort a few lunesta and go straight to bed . be something go on ? needy nothing . forget it . toni do not nothing happen in Devil 's kettle . she watch the ferret skitter across the kitchen floor . toni ( cont 'd ) anita , that ferret stink . he need to be wash from craw to cornhole . needy yes mar 'am . Toni shake she head and head upstairs . 47 . ext . kettle high campus - early evening a hysterical scream pierce the twilight . the sun have begin to set . a ambulance and four police car have pull up near the wood , which be cordon off with yellow police tape . near the wood , jonas' parent be cry . his mother scream and begin beat the ground with she fist . a stretcher be be load into the ambulance . officer warzak exit one of the police cruiser . her signature giant poofy bang be in full effect . she rush to comfort jonas 's bereaved mother . officer warzak we will get the man that do this to you son . you hear I ? we will get that sick m.f. jonas' dad I will get he myself ! I will ! you hear I , you bastard ? I will cut off you nutsack and nail it to my door ! like one of that lion doorknocker rich folk get ! that will be you ball ! ext . across the lake - continuous the sound of jonas 's parent scream carry across the lake . the water be eerily calm . suddenly , a head break the surface of the lake . it 's Jennifer , glide through the water . she look calm and serene . the scream continue across the lake . the siren , shouting and chaos contrast sharply with this peaceful scene . Jennifer paddle to the shore and hoist herself onto the pier , naked and drip wet . she run she tongue over she tooth briefly and nonchalantly pick something out from between she two front tooth , like she 's just finish a delicious rib dinner . Jennifer wring out she sopping hair and reach for she clothes , which be neatly fold on the pier . ( continued ) 48 . continued : once she 's dress , she walk off into the wood , as if nothing out of the ordinary have happen . int . needy' room - evening needy be sit at she lamp - light desk , read a old e.c. horror comic and eat a banana . the phone ring . needy pick it up . needy needy speak . cross CUT phone call : int . jennifer' bedroom - continuous Jennifer 's hair be still wet from the lake , but she 's change into short and a tank top . Music blast from she stereo . she admire herself in the mirror , pop she ass . jennifer I feel sooo scrumptious ! she pick up a Soft shoulder button and poke she arm hard with the pin without flinching . blood spurt from the wound . needy good for you . jennifer you know , like when you kiss a hot guy for the first time and you whole body feel like it 's on vibrate . needy yeah . jennifer it 's that good . Jennifer gaze at she arm , transfix . she wipe the blood away -- the wound have magically disappeared . ( continued ) 49 . continued : needy lucky you . see , I be still kind of depressed about , you know , the giant smolder funeral pyre in the middle of town ? jennifer move - on dot org , needy ! it 's over . life 's too short to mope over some white - trash pig roast . she flick a Zippo lighter and touch the flame to she tongue -- first tentatively , then confidently . needy that 's really nice . jennifer I tell it like it be . besides , you should be happy for I . I be have the best day since , like Jesus invent the calendar . needy Jesus do not invent the calendar . Jennifer giggle maniacally and sigh with happiness . needy 's call - wait beep . needy ( cont 'd ) that 's my other line . jennifer so blow it off . she casually light she hair on fire . the flame leap up , then die down , leave she entirely untouched . needy it will just be a second . jennifer pooh . I be crossing you out . she draw a mini- X in the air . needy click over . it 's chip . we get a nice trifold pie - chart illustrate the intersect call . chip be panicked and sweaty in he live room . in the background , chip 's little sister camille bang on a piano . Red police light flash outside the picture window . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) chip I need to see you right now . needy I can barely hear you . chip Camille be play piano . knock it off , Camille ! camille you knock it off ! chip can you meet I at mccullum in ten ? camille you knock it off , chip ! you be penis cheese ! needy Fifteen . back on jennifer : Jennifer be impatiently drag a razor down she arm . blood drip onto the rug . she smile , in awe of herself . needy click back over . needy ( cont 'd ) I have to go . jennifer what could possibly be more important than I and my godlike power ? needy I have to meet chip at mccullum Park . jennifer chip be look cute to I lately . so tell I , be he pack some serious pubic inch ? what 's the story down there ? needy ( quickly ) I gotta go . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 3 ) needy hang up the phone abruptly and grab one of she many cardigan sweater , head for the door . ext . mc cullum park - fourteen minute later the park be dark and tree-line and appear to be a popular clandestine meeting spot for the youth of Devil 's kettle . the abandon sand volleyball pit be full of couple make out . needy run past they skittishly . as she ascend a grassy hill , chip be reveal , silhouett against a backdrop of twirling police light . needy squint at the light , see chip 's house in the distance . needy why be the cop at you house ? chip they be not . they're at jonas kozelle 's house . he get murder . needy what ?! like , he be shot by gangbanger ? chip ( exasperated ) no , needy ! do you see anyone rollin ' on dub around here ? ( beat ) someone rip jonas limb from limb in the wood behind the school . ate part of he . they find teethmark on he -- on the body . his voice crack . we see a brief , terrifying flash of jonas 's mutilate body and pain-stricken face . needy do not want to believe it . needy some animal must have get to he . chip human teethmark . needy who would do that ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : chip I do not know . it just happen after school . no one 's suppose to know yet , but my dad go over there and talk to the cop . jonas 's mom be catatonic . she 's just stare out the front window like a zombie mannequin robot statue . needy this can not be a coincidence . chip what do you mean , needy ? needy a fiery death trap last night , and now a cannibal eat we start tight - end ? come on ! chip do not get spooky on I , babe . needy seriously chip . most small town only have something gruesome happen like , once every decade maybe . Devil 's kettle get two nightmare in 24 hour ? it 's freaktarded . it 's not right . chip what , do you think it 's , like supernatural ? needy I do not know . I be extremely intelligent but I obviously do not know everything . chip well , the bad luck 's gotta be over now , right ? it can not get any worse , right ? obviously it can not . it can not . I mean , you agree , right ? there will not be another victim . needy you be shaking . chip I be cold . it 's very cold out here . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) needy want my sweater ? chip it 's pink . needy pink be cool . Rap guy wear pink . she 's shaking now , too . chip lean forward and kiss she . she close she eye . in the chaste space between chip and needy 's body , the volleyball - pit couple fuck like rabbit . dissolve to : a series of newspaper headline the familiar Soft shoulder ballad play as we see a dreamy montage of headline . the headline of the Devil 's kettle sun- Post simply read : " why ? " the headline of the minneapolis Star tribune read : " ' butchered ' : Devil 's kettle youth brutally murder in wake of devastating fire . " a smaller headline on the front page of the New York Times read : " Minnesota town rock by grisly murder , blaze . " needy v.o . we be famous . we be saint . we town 's only bar have burn to the ground and we star quarterback be somebody 's Quarter pounder . the whole country get a huge tragedy boner for Devil 's kettle . and the press -- God , they could not get enough of we little world of shit . we see Devil 's kettle citizen hold a tearful candlelight vigil by the former carousel site . they softly sing along with the Soft shoulder song . mourner ( singing ) through the tree , I will find you ... ( continued ) 54 . continued : we see weep student shove flower through the slat of jonas ' abandon locker . the hallway floor be cover with teddy bear and bouquet . we see the passing of time as the bouquet will and the bloom droop . the pile of discard scratch - off ticket next to needy 's mother 's bed grow steadily as the day go by . another Star tribune headline . this one read : " two week later , cannibal killer still at large . " a smaller subhead read " art : local band Soft shoulder sign to major . " needy v.o . the day march on as usual , but most of we be too numb to enjoy ourselves . most of we . we see Jennifer cheerfully skip down the school hallway in a sleazy technicolor outfit . the rest of the kid look grey , ashen and depressed , but Jennifer pop like a Roman candle . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) still , we be heal . like chip , we figure thing could only get better . we have faith . we see cluster of cautiously optimistic kid in the school courtyard . they smile , then laugh , as if they be re-learning how to be happy . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) we be fuck idiot . ext . kettle high campus - to establish it 's late September . leave be beginning to drift off tree . the surround wood be still block off with yellow police tape . int . kettle high - morning Mr. wroblewski stand solemnly in front of the class , he mechanical hand tensing and release nervously . needy and the rest of the class fidget . mr. wroblewski before the period end , I have a announcement . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . continued : mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) as you know , this be the one month anniversary of the carousel fire and also the murder of jonas kozelle ... jennifer bo-r ! we see Jennifer . she look haggard , thin , and cranky . needy ( whispering ) be you okay ? jennifer no . I feel like boo-boo . my skin be break out . my hair be dull and lifeless . God , it 's like I be one of the normal girl ! needy smooth she own hair self - consciously . needy be you pms - ing or something ? jennifer pms be not real , needy . it be invent by the boy-run media to make we seem crazy . needy oh. Mr. wroblewski clear he throat , annoyed by they talk . mr. wroblewski ... as I be say , needy and Jennifer , I finally have some good news to share with all of you . the member of the rock group Soft shoulder have decide to extend a help hand to we community . a ripple of excitement in the room . a girl seat in the front row be wear a Soft shoulder t-shirt . mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) as you know , they song " through the tree " have become we unofficial anthem of unity and heal . so , they have decide to release it as a benefit single . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) 3 % of the profit will go to local family who have be affect by loss . the class be happily abuzz -- except needy , who look appal . needy what about the other 97 % ? mr. wroblewski Excuse I ? needy the other 97 % . I mean , that 's just crass . right ? she look around for support , find none . needy ( cont 'd ) crass . it mean scummy . greedy . be I the only one who actually do the vocab drill ? chastity , the girl in the Soft shoulder T-shirt , turn to face needy angrily . chastity Soft shoulder be american heroes . needy no , they be not . I be there , chastity . they do not actually help anyone escape the fire . I do not even know how that rumor get start . chastity rumor ?! rumor ? it 's true ! it 's on they Wikipedia page ! needy oh , that 's crap ... mr. wroblewski girl -- needy they have milk we pain -- we loss - - to get a stupid record deal ! no one would even know who they be if they have not be play here that night . they use we . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 3 ) chastity ( growl , almost possessed ) you take that back , needy lesnicki ! we need they now more then ever ! mr. wroblewski that 's enough . the bell ring . student get up and gather they book for the next period . int . school hallway - same needy and Jennifer slowly head toward they respective locker . needy I be already sick of that song . jennifer yeah . it 's poorly produce . could the bass be any lower in the mix ? needy no offense , but you look kind of drain . be everything all right ? jennifer I be fine . it 's just , like , wear off or something . needy what 's wear off ? ( alarm ) be you on pot ? jennifer no , dick ridge ! just forget I say anything . colin gray , the punk / goth boy we meet earlier , approach Jennifer nervously as she exit the classroom . needy drop behind they , eavesdropp . colin ( to needy ) hi. ( to Jennifer , more nervously ) hi , Jennifer . ( continued ) 58 . continued : jennifer oh , hey Colin . listen , can I copy you bio lab again ? I never get around to dissect that kitten fetus . colin sure . actually , I sort of want to ask you something . jennifer oh . you want to know if I will go out with you . colin no! well -- yeah . ( beat ) how do you know ? jennifer just go ahead with the pitch . Colin fidget awkwardly . colin well , we have be have a lot of fun in class , you and I , and I just think maybe we could go to a movie or something . there 's a midnight show of Rocky horror at the bijou next weekend ... jennifer I do not like box movie . colin it 's not ... fuck it . never mind . he turn to walk down the hallway , deject . Jennifer watch he leave . jennifer wait ! Colin turn around . jennifer ( cont 'd ) why do not you just come by my place tonight ? I just get aquamarine on dvd . it 's about this girl who 's like , half -sushi . I guess she have sex through she blowhole or something . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) colin oh. great ! okay . jennifer I will text you my address . Colin walk away , grin triumphantly . needy that be random . jennifer I be use to guy ask I out . needy Colin 's a really nice guy . jennifer he 's into maggot-rock . he wear nail polish . chip appear behind needy and drape he arm over she shoulder . needy jump , startle . chip hi. jennifer ( flirtatious ) hi chip . needy put she arm around chip protectively . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I gotta go parlez french . slam you later . Jennifer walk away . chip ( to needy ) talk to you good pal Colin Gray again ? needy no . he be just ask Jennifer out on a date . chip look relieved . chip can I come over tonight ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 3 ) needy sure . I would like that . chip I go to Super target and buy more condom . needy thanks . chip not that that have anything to do with my come over . needy I do not assume that . chip well , I will see you tonight . needy wave as chip walk away . ext . camerford STREET - night Colin Gray drive down the street in a big old boat of a classic car . he 's blast punk music on a ipod that 's be rig to the ancient am radio . Colin hold up he cell phone to re-read the direction Jennifer texted he . the street be extremely dark and silent , occupy only by a new townhouse development . the identical unit still appear to be under construction . there be not even any streetlight . the plastic sheet over the window flap eerily in the breeze . Colin 's brow furrow in confusion -- it do not even look like anyone life here yet . he check the phone display again . close on phone : the text message read : " trn lft on camerford and you there . first house on rt . 1004 camerford . c-ya ! xoxo jen " sure enough , the house number be 1004 . Colin throw the car into park and walk up to the porch . he look up and notice a glow come from a upstairs window , ( continued ) 61 . continued : Colin press the doorbell . nothing happen -- the house be not wire for electricity yet . int . chip' bedroom - same needy and chip be kissing on chip 's water bed . chip fumble for one of that " fragrance plug - in " and plug it into the wall . needy look over . chip for ambiance . it 's jammin ' jasmine . needy mmm. chip my mom have holiday scent too , if you be interested . needy no , this be nice . int . 1004 camerford - same Colin enter the house tentatively . it 's dark , vacant , and very creepy . there 's a very faint glow and soft music come from upstairs . colin yo ? he stumble over a stray 2 x 4 . there be pile of sawdust and building material everywhere -- the house be definitely still under construction . Colin look confuse . a mouse skitter over he sneaker . colin ( cont 'd ) Jennifer ? anyone there ? the music upstairs grow slightly louder in response . Colin square he shoulder and head slowly up the creak stair . 62 . int . chip' bedroom - same needy have ease off she top to reveal a endearingly plain white bra , complete with center bow . chip , also shirtless , cop a feel . he reach into he pocket and pull out a fluorescent orange condom . needy look at the wrapper . needy ( reading ) " sensual swirl ? " chip it 's suppose to make it feel good for the girl . needy oh. cool . int . 1004 camerford - continuous Colin follow the music into a empty bedroom . the dark room be fill with blaze candle melting and pool into bizarre shape . a single blanket be spread out on the floor . Colin shiver . behind he , in the doorway , Jennifer appear , she smile face hellishly aglow . jennifer you make it . colin what 's go on ? this be not really you house , be it ? jennifer no baby . this be we house , just for you and I . we can play mommy and daddy . Colin be totally dumbstruck . colin do you even know my last name ? jennifer silly . I have be send you signal all year . could not you tell ? you give I such a wettie . ( continued ) 63 . continued : she start kissing Colin on the neck . we can see confusion - - and fear -- in he eye . int . chip' bedroom - same chip fumble below he waist , obviously struggle with the condom . needy lean forward for a closer look . needy oh . it 's get little bump on it . I can hardly wait . int . 1004 camerford - same Jennifer grip Colin 's face in she hand and forcibly kiss he on the mouth . Colin succumb , but stiffly . we hear a scratching noise . Colin pull away instinctively and see mice and roaches emerge from the wall , skitter over surface . colin Jennifer ... Jennifer look over she shoulder and giggle . jennifer you scared ? I think boy like you be into vermin . she unbutton he jeans . they fall noisily to the floor -- they be the baggy hot topic kind with chain and buckle galore . jennifer ( cont 'd ) Nice hardware , Ace . Colin into Jennifer 's eye . there 's something horrible about she face ... like she 's become almost corpselike . colin ( faintly ) no way ... jennifer oh , do not you dare pass out ! I need you to be conscious . colin I gotta go ... ( continued ) 64 . continued : jennifer I need you frighten . Colin try to jerk away , but Jennifer easily disengage he arm from its socket . a sickeningly moist SNAP . Colin cry out in pain . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I need you hopeless . she slam he to the ground and mount he . her jaw unhinge , open she mouth to a horrifying , inhuman degree . her tooth be razor - sharp and grotesquely crowded , like they belong to some horribly deform dog . she descend on he , feed ravenously . we see they shadow against the wall : Jennifer lung hungrily , blood spraying up from Colin 's jugular . we can hear he scream and gargle on he own blood . int . chip' bedroom - continuous chip be doggedly pump away on top of needy , he eye close in concentration . needy 's vacant eye be suddenly brim with tear . needy ( softly ) hopeless ..hopeless ... chip open he eye . chip what ? be I hurt you ? needy start weep . chip ( cont 'd ) be I too big ? tear roll down needy 's cheek . she begin moan , then scream at that top of she lung . she hallucinate liquid seeping through the wall , blood and lymph ooze in at the corner and window . then the infamous spiny black bile ... pixelate nightmare emerge from the darkness . skull , jester , demon , death . it 's the worst acid trip imaginable . needy rub she eye frantically and continue to scream . ( continued ) 65 . continued : chip immediately roll off needy , concerned . he grab she and try to shake some sense into she . chip ( cont 'd ) needy ! what 's wrong ? needy continue to shriek hysterically , she voice grow rag . int . 1004 camerford - same we can still hear Colin make inhuman sound of pain . we can only see the carnage in shadow , but it 's clearly unspeakable . int . chip' bedroom - continuous needy clutches she throat , hyperventilate . she stand up and struggle to get dress . her breath rasp . chip be freaking out . chip be it something I do ? needy ( gagging ) it 's she . chip do you need more foreplay ? int . 1004 camerford - same Colin 's thrashing limb finally go limp . Jennifer be hunch over he remain like a jackal scoop blood into she mouth with cup hand . we see he eye , fleck with blood , pupil dilate . a white mouse crawl over he face . int . chip be house - same needy race toward the door with chip in pursuit . chip needy ! ( continued ) 66 . continued : needy I have to go . I be sorry . I just ... feel like something ... something terrible ... chip you feel -- what do that even mean ? I be worried about you . needy I be so sorry , chip . I be so sorry . everything be just wrong . she bolt out the room , leave chip naked and alone . he pull he knee up to he chest , vulnerable . ext . chip' STREET - same needy run toward she mom 's car , a beat - up Kia park on the curb . she climb into the car and start the ignition , tremble and cry . she pull out onto the street and gun it . she swing a hard leave . the street be all almost identical , line by work - class home . she turn on the radio . the song be , of course , " through the tree " by Soft shoulder . she pound the dashboard , hysterical . needy fudge ! fudge ! maple fudge ! needy seize the wheel drive recklessly down a dark , tree -line street . then , she see something bright emerge from the shadow . her eye widen ... it 's jennifer , creep toward the curb like a animal . she 's pale in the moonlight . the entire lower half of she face be cover in blood , like a ghoulish beard of gore . she flash a huge , derange , toothy smile at needy . needy scream and swerve . the car fishtail out of control and slide into a ditch . needy slam she foot onto the accelerator , try to get out of the trench . she glance desperately out the side window . Jennifer be go . pant , needy try to accelerate again . ( continued ) 67 . continued : suddenly , Jennifer appear from out of nowhere and slam she body against the windshield , she long limb splay like a insect 's . the windshield shatter . Jennifer grin at needy through the crack glass . needy scream again , put the pedal to the floor , and manage to rear up out of the ditch . Jennifer 's body tumble off the car as needy go roaring down the street . radio dj that be , of course , Soft shoulder . they be go to be play a benefit concert in Devil 's kettle next month . talk about give back to the community ! generous guy , I tell ya ... ext . needy' house - minute later needy throw the car into park and race up the front walk . she unlock the door , shaking and fumble . she burst into the darken house . int . needy' house - continuous needy mommy ! mommy ? please be home ! no reply . needy brace herself against the kitchen counter and bawl . she fall to she knee and curl up on the floor , exhaust . her eye drift shut . needy v.o. I have always be able to feel what she feel . just not like this . ext . sunny suburban yard - flashback - day Little needy and Little Jennifer be play barby in a sandbox . needy hold a brand new , immaculate barbie doll . little jennifer I will be perfect prom barbie and you be she . she toss needy a naked brunette doll with its hair chop off and a arm miss . ( continued ) 68 . continued : little needy why do I have to be Ugly Ashley ? little jennifer you can be Ugly Ashley or Ken . choose . she put she hand down in the sand emphatically and suddenly howl in pain . little needy what 's wrong , Jennifer ? Jennifer lift she hand . there 's a tack stick in she palm and it 's bleed . little jennifer owwwwww ! ( try to swear like a grow - up ) damn ! ass ! needy grab Jennifer 's hand , pull out the tack and wipe away the blood . it 's still bleed . panick , she lean forward and instinctively put she mouth to the wound . Jennifer watch quietly . needy pull away . little needy better . we should get a Band - Aid though . little jennifer we be sister now , you know . needy nod . little jennifer ( cont 'd ) do not tell my mom about this . she will make I get a shot . needy I never tell on you . int . kitchen - ( back to reality ) needy wake up in a cold sweat , gasp . she 's still on the kitchen floor . she peel herself up off the floor , disorient . 69 . int . needy' house ( bedroom ) - continuous needy trudge into she dark bedroom . she strip off she clothes and stumble into bed . jennifer' voice what 's up , monistat ? needy flick on she bedside lamp , petrify . Jennifer be curl up in bed beside she , recline casually . she 's freshly shower and wear one of needy 's dorky T - shirt . needy scream at the top of she lung and leap out of bed , pull the cover with she . jennifer God , enough scream already . you be such a cliche . needy get out ! jennifer but we always share you bed when we have slumber party . she wink conspiratorially at needy . needy what the fuck be happen ? jennifer whoa . I have never hear you drop the F -bomb before . what 's buggin ' ? needy I see you ! I see you ! the car ... the ... i... jennifer ( mimicking ) buh-buh-buh . slow down , tardy slip . you sound like a sped . needy I be call the police . jennifer go ahead , narc I out . I have get the cop in my back pocket . I be fuck a cadet , remember ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : needy what do you want ? jennifer I want to explain some thing to you . you have already see too much and besides -- best friend do not keep secret . right ? needy nod , terrify . jennifer ( cont 'd ) remember the night of the fire ? needy yeah , it ring a bell . jennifer well , I get pretty mess up . I almost die . you know that guy in Soft shoulder ? totally evil . they be basically agent of Satan with awesome haircut . I figure that out as soon as I get into they molester van . int . soft shoulder be van ( flashback ) - night Jennifer be crouch in the back of the van . none of the band member be speak . nikolai Wolf drive down a gravel road , away from the fire site and deep into the wood . jennifer guy ? where be we go ? nikolai shut you mouth , object . dirk ( nervously ) nikolai ... Jennifer look around the van , wide - eye . there 's glow - in - the -dark satanic imagery paint all over the wall : goat head , pentagram , and strange code write . she see a few book slide around on the floor : " spell and incantation , " " summon the Beast , " and a copy of the Black mass . Jennifer spring to she foot and try to escape out the side door . mick , the drummer , grab she ankle , take she down . ( continued ) 71 . continued : jennifer be you guy rapist ?! nikolai you wish . Jennifer struggle again , but Mick hold she down . mick ( to band member ) hey guy ? do we even know if she 's a virgin ? a glint of hope in Jennifer 's eye . maybe if she lie she can save herself . jennifer yes ...yes ! of course I be a virgin ! I have never do sex ever . I do not even know how . so maybe you should find some other girl who do . know how . nikolai told you , dirk . you owe I a beer . dirk ( preoccupied ) sure , man . ext . forest clearing ( flashback ) - night the van rumble down a uneven forest path , deep into the wood . they arrive at the real Devil 's kettle -- roaring , ominous waterfall . there 's a crude stone altar illuminate by moonlight . int . needy' bedroom ( present day ) - night needy be still cower on she bedroom floor , captivate by the tale in progress . Jennifer be recline in the bed with a relaxed , supernatural glow . needy what do they do to you ? jennifer just let I finish . so they drive all the way out to the fall . I try to figure out a escape , but it be so dark out there ... 72 . ext . the fall ( flashback ) - night the door of the van slide open . nikolai pull Jennifer out of the van and hustle she into the clear . he look up into the sky . nikolai we get a waxing moon . perfection . mick you be the man , Wolf . the four band member surround Jennifer , look statuesque in they sexy rock and roll ensemble . without warning , nikolai haul off and kick Jennifer . she yelp and fall onto she back on the dirt . dirk look apprehensive . dirk I do not know if we should go through with this . nikolai ( angrily ) do you want to be rich and famous like the guy from maroon 5 ? or do you want to be a huge suicidal loser ? dirk ( sadly ) maroon 5 . nikolai then grow a pair and fetch I the ritual ! God . dirk obediently head over to the van . he push the intimidating - look magical book aside and retrieve a single fold piece of computer paper . mick that 's it ? nikolai what ? I find it on Google . he unfold the piece of paper and clear he throat . ( continued ) 73 . continued : the guy have drag Jennifer onto the makeshift altar and be hold she down . she struggle and scream , but dirk slap she again . nikolai ( cont 'd ) we come here tonight to sacrifice the body of ... he try to remember Jennifer 's name and fail . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ... this chick from Devil 's kettle . jennifer ( whispering ) my name be Jennifer . nikolai that 's fascinating . dirk and Mick exchange nervous glance . jennifer please let I go . I will do anything . anything you want . nikolai examine she with a appraise eye . nikolai I only hump nine and ten . you be a seven at best , even with the chicken cutlet . he reach into Jennifer 's bra and casually pull out a gel breast enhancer , toss it aside . Jennifer rear up and spit in he artfully rumple hair . nikolai smooth he `do , enraged . nikolai ( cont 'd ) I be gonna carve you like a pumpkin , bitch . do not you know that I and my boy be in league with the Beast himself ? he wiggle he menacingly pointy finger in she face . nikolai ( cont 'd ) we have spend month make offering to the " man downstairs , " and whaddya know ? Satan deliver ! we go from college radio to be court by the major in two month . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) nikolai ( cont 'd ) but that 's not enough , Jenny . we want designer drug . we want groupy that have they own groupy . we want speedballs and stadium tour and skittles sort by color . in short , we want more . and to get more , we have to butcher you . and bleed you . jennifer ( desperate ) maybe you could just hire a publicist . make some t-shirt or something . hey , I could be on you street team ! nikolai sorry , darling . jennifer please ... nikolai ( loudly ) start chant , boy . the group begin chant jibberish in unison . Jennifer struggle , watch as they eye go hollow and black . nikolai ( cont 'd ) with deep malice , we deliver this virgin unto thee . he unsheathes a huge , gleam knife and raise it psycho - style , admire he reflection in the blade . dirk dude , that be a hot murder weapon ! nikolai it 's a bowie knife . dirk bowie . Nice . snicker , nikolai begin to sing " starman " by David bowie . the group join in merrily . nikolai " there 's a starman wait in the sky ... " band " he would really like to meet we , but he think he would blow we mind ... " ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 3 ) as the group sing , nikolai bring the knife down with a grin . we hear Jennifer scream , sound of violence and clothes rip as nikolai relentlessly beat she and stab she , he face contort demonically . the band continue to sing , they voice carry over the tree . nikolai walk over to where the " devil side " of the fall rush into a black hole . he drop the murder weapon into the churn water , smile . int . needy' bedroom ( present day ) - continuous needy 's expression be both incredulous and horrify . Jennifer be totally matter - of -fact . she pick at she nail with a wooden cuticle stick from needy 's night stand . jennifer be torture would make most girl black out or something . but I be so hard core , I be with they the whole time . I could feel they gut I under my rib , up into my belly , then right through my heart . needy they ... kill you . jennifer I be here , be not I ? she shake she head , annoyed with needy . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I mean , yeah . they go benihana on my ass . it should have kill I . but for some reason , it do not . needy ( sotto ) maybe it do . jennifer whatever . anyway , I do not really remember what happen after that . I just -- wake up a few hour later and find my way back , somehow . 76 . ext . needy' STREET ( flashback ) - night we see Jennifer staggering down the street , batter , mutilate and bloody . she spit a few teeth onto the curb , clutching she chest . we see she wander toward needy 's house ... int . needy' bedroom ( present day ) - continuous needy I remember . jennifer I could not bring myself to hurt you . I mean , I be a really good friend . but I feel so hungry . I have to do something . ext . seclude STREET ( flashback ) - night Jennifer be wander down a rural road in a daze . she hear a faint cough . Jennifer stop and see a hunch figure walk down the opposite side of the street . it 's ahmet from india , the foreign student . he 's cover in soot and look traumatize . Jennifer take a step . ahmet take a step . Jennifer stop . ahmet stop . they eye meet . Jennifer cross the street . ahmet stare at she , frighten . Jennifer address he in a quiet , gravelly voice . jennifer ahmet . you make it out . ahmet cough . jennifer ( cont 'd ) be you lose ? ahmet nods . jennifer ( cont 'd ) do you host family know you be alive ? ahmet shake he head . jennifer ( cont 'd ) do anyone know you be alive ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : ahmet shake he head again . jennifer ( cont 'd ) come with I . we will sort this out . she take ahmet 's hand . as she bloody nail dig into he wrist , he eye widen . int . needy' bedroom ( present day ) - night jennifer ever since then , I just somehow know what I need to do to be strong . and when I be full -- like I be right now -- I be like , immortal ! I can do stuff like this . Jennifer jam the cuticle stick into she own forearm and drag it through she flesh . needy scream and cover she mouth . jennifer ( cont 'd ) no biggie . watch . she pull out the stick . the wound seal over instantly . needy gasp and touch Jennifer 's unmark arm . jennifer ( cont 'd ) that 's some X - Men shit , right ? needy what do you mean , " when you be full " ? jennifer you know . full . like full of tasty morsel . needy shake she head , not comprehend . jennifer ( cont 'd ) forget it . you would probably tell on I anyway . not that anyone would believe you . you always think the world be come to a end . needy what about my mom 's Kia ? why do you attack I out there ? why be you cover in blood ? you do not even look human . Jennifer roll she eye . ( continued ) 78 . continued : jennifer you should talk to someone about this disturbing thought you be have . we be all concerned . especially chip . I think he 's have second thought about you . needy ( forceful ) leave ! jennifer my , be not we a C - U - next - Tuesday ? needy get out ! jennifer come on . let I stay the night . we can play " boyfriend / girlfriend " like we use to . she smile seductively . needy crawl further away from she , shiver . Jennifer roll she eye and get out of bed . she walk over to the second -story window and crank it open . needy what be you do ? jennifer you say to leave . so I be outtie - 5000 . she climb onto the windowsill . needy watch , confuse . jennifer ( cont 'd ) see you at school . she leap gracefully out the window . needy watch in stunne silence for a few moment . then she creep over to the window and look out . nothing there but the wind . Jennifer 's go . ext . our lady of perpetual blood cemetery - day we be in a small Catholic cemetery . a small , neat gravel path run through the stately old monument into a small valley where a funeral be take place . ( continued ) 79 . continued : faint moan and sobbing can be hear . then , a procession of 6 or 7 goth / emo kide appear on the crest of the hill . they move forward into the cemetery , flamboyantly dress in black cape , chain , cloak , neon hairpiece , fishnet , mesh , 18 - hole combat boot , etc . this be Colin Gray 's friend . one girl scatter blood - red rise petal dramatically on the path as she stumble along , weep . at the bottom of the hill , Colin Gray 's very conservative - look family stand next to the fresh grave , surround by sympathetic mourner . needy stand near the back , look shell - shocked . there be also a few press photographer snap photo , and of course , a Catholic priest . priest we gather here today to celebrate the life of Colin Gray , who be pluck from the prime of ... the priest and family be momentarily distract by the motley crew of goth descend on the funeral . the priest clear he throat disapprovingly . priest ( cont 'd ) what be this disturbance ? mr. gray this be Colin 's friend . a goth boy run up to the grave and drop to he belly . goth boy Colin ! take I with you ! I belong down there ! in the daaaarkness ! goth girl no , Kevin . that be just he fleshly remain . he 's among the dark angel of the realm now . fly , Colin . fly into the firmament . she light a bundle of sage and wave it in the air . Colin 's father gag , appal . goth boy be it cool if we camp here for a few day ? we want to commune with he corpse . he be we spooky homeboy . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) priest Children , this be a private service for family only . goth girl ( to Colin 's mother ) oh , right . I need to ask you something , Mrs. Gray . it 's really important for I to have closure . priest Young lady , have some respect for this family ... mrs. gray ( wave he off ) no . it 's fine . goth girl be it true that Colin have a date with Jennifer check the night he be kill ? she say " Jennifer check " as if it be the most disgusting name imaginable . needy cover she face . goth girl ( cont 'd ) because Jennifer check be a social disease . she 's not like we . she think she 's so special just because she 's popular and and be what " society " consider " attractive . " but she 's not sincere . she 's about as emo as a breast implant ! and she listen to jessica Simpson and shop at hollister . and I just know Colin would never go out with someone like that , and I just need confirmation . from you . so do he ? mr. gray do he ...? goth girl have a date with Jennifer check . Colin 's parent stare at the ground . goth girl ( cont 'd ) oh god. oh God . I know it ! that bitch ! I will erase she ! I will put a freaky druid spell on she ! ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 3 ) goth girl ( cont 'd ) I will spell she preppy ass right into the ground ! the parent flinch . goth boy um , Chloe ? maybe you should be mad at the person who murder Colin . all Jennifer check do be invite he over to watch aquamarine . goth girl that 's worse ! she throw herself to the ground , cry and pound the dirt like a toddler . Colin Gray 's mother bury she head in she hand and begin weep . Mr. Gray attempt to comfort she . goth boy Colin would not have like this . mrs. gray ( lose it ) oh , you think so , powder ? yeah , you be right ! I be pretty sure my son would not have like be eat by a fuck cannibal and bury before he eighteenth birthday ! wow , you must have know he so well ! mr. gray Jill ... the goth boy look terrify . but Mrs. Gray 's not do ranting yet . mrs. gray by the time they find Colin in that godforsake house , he look like lasagna with tooth . I would know -- I have to identify the remain . my boy 's not in the realm of the undead . he 's not fly around in the firmament with magical wing of flame . he 's in a overpriced rosewood box that 's head six foot downtown . she kick the coffin to illustrate . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 4 ) mrs . gray ( cont 'd ) so you can take you pain and shove it up you ass , kid . I get the monopoly on pain ! the kid stare at she in awe . needy watch as Mrs. Gray collapse into Mr. Gray 's arm . ext . kettle high campus - day two girl be hang a homemade banner on the fence surround the football field . it say " turnabout dance october 5 -- ticket on sale . " needy walk briskly toward school , huddle in she parka . she look totally fuck up , like she have not sleep in day . there be hollow beneath she eye . needy v.o . they do a big memorial assembly for Colin at school , and we have to watch another presentation about curfew and the buddy system and how to deal with grief . but nobody seem to care anymore . sorrow be last week 's emotion . we see Jennifer a few yard away , talk and laugh with some other flag team member . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) Jennifer and I have not speak since we encounter in my room . actually , I have not really speak to anyone . I be busy with research . paranormal research . needy gaze off into the distance with bloodshot eye . as she stare at Jennifer , she see have a series of brief , gruesome hallucination : Jennifer as a grin death mask . Jennifer as a corpse , the lower half of she face rotted away . Jennifer as a harlequin monster . needy hear the rush of she own blood , the barely audible buzzing of fly ... chip jog up next to she , jolting she out of she reverie . chip hey . do you buy turnabout ticket yet ? I do not get pay until next week . ( continued ) 83 . continued : needy I gotta show you something . chip what be it ? needy not here . behind the school . chip what be it ? needy evidence . chip ( wearily ) be this about Jennifer ? needy yes , but I promise you this be the last thing I need to show y-- chip ( interrupting ) needy , I care about you . a lot . as a person , not just a girl I make love to for four minute the other night . and I be scared of what 's happen to you . you be act really fuck up . needy please just let I show you . her gaze be so intense and craze that chip have no option but to submit . he nod reluctantly . ext . kettle high campus - continuous needy and chip walk to a alley behind the school . melting snow drip off the eave . needy pull out a large black binder and open it . it 's full of copy from the library and Internet printout . the spine read " jennifer research " needy look at this . she thrust a piece of paper into chip 's hand . ( continued ) 84 . continued : chip ( confuse ) demon...demonic ... needy demonic transference . it 's something that happen when you try to sacrifice a virgin to Satan without use a actual virgin ! chip stare at she . needy ( cont 'd ) I think that 's what happen to Jennifer . that guy from that band be try to sacrifice she in the wood . but what they do not realize be that she have not be a virgin since junior high ! Jennifer 's a total cum-dumpster ! it all make sense now ! read this ... she grab the piece of paper from he . needy ( cont 'd ) ( reading ) " if the human sacrifice be impure , the result may still be attain , but a demon will forever reside the soul of the victim . she must forever feed on flesh to sustain the demon . " see ? chip look more dubious than ever . chip uh-huh . needy she 's eat boy ! they make she strong . really strong . and when she 's hungry , she get weak and cranky and she hair be all full of split end . and look at this ... she hold up one of the printout . needy ( cont 'd ) it say that before the demon feed , it vomit a gruesome substance on its prey . like I see ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) chip you -- you really think Jennifer kill jonas and Colin ? needy and possibly ahmet from India . needy be silent for a moment . she realize chip will never believe she and that she will lose he forever if she continue babbling . chip really ? you think she eat that guy ? needy no. no ! of course not ! chip be that what you think ? needy no ... listen , I will make a appointment with Mr. feely . I be real sorry about this sudden onset of teenage paranoia . ( robotic ) my hormone and emotion be aswirl , and my mood be erratic ... chip be not totally convinced , but he face soften . chip it 's all right , needy . needy this have be a crummy school year , chip . chip no shit . needy turn and pitch the black binder into a dumpster . needy listen , I be do with all that devil stuff . do you know what you be wear to turnabout ? chip I be think a suit with black shoe and a boutonniere , right here . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 3 ) he tap he chest . needy laugh . needy v.o. I be so in love with he . I do not want to mess it up with my infectious crazy . only I be not actually crazy . everyone else be crazy . but when you be the only sane one , you might as well be crazy . it 's subjective , you know ? chip what color dress be you gonna wear ? I need to order you wrist corsage . needy I do not know yet . chip how about magenta ? you be definitely a winter . my mom say winter should wear regal jewel tone like magenta . or possibly teal . needy oh yeah , you mom 's a avon lady . chip well , they call they " sale rep " now . needy right . well , I will try to find something magenta . chip that will look dope . int . devil' kettle high gymnasium ( to establish ) - evening a group of student council kid be put the finish touch on the dance decoration . the theme be " through the tree " and there be papier mache tree everywhere . int . needy' bedroom - evening needy stand in front of a full - length mirror , wear a big ` 80s - style magenta prom dress . it sag on she flat chest and look ridiculous . ( continued ) 87 . continued : greedo the ferret circle she ankle . Toni , needy 's mom , appear behind she with a curling iron . toni you look beautiful . needy I look pork stupid . toni no , you have get that tiny waist , like a fashion model . I always think you look like Cindy Crawford . she gently take off needy 's glass . needy who 's Cindy Crawford ? toni one of the great beauty of we time . she 's even get a mole like you , except hers be on she face . she take a section of needy 's hair and wrap it around the curling iron . smoke rise . needy ow ! you be too close to my neck . toni well , if chip give you a hickey , you can just tell everyone I burn you . needy Gross , Mom . chip be not that ostentatious . toni now that 's a word you do not hear every day . hold still . needy what be you do to my hair ? toni hooker helmet . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) needy ( groaning ) aw , jeez Mom ! toni if you can not have big what - not , you might as well have big hair ! needy stare at herself in the mirror . despite Toni 's best effort , needy look like the walk dead . int . chip be house - evening chip be stand in underwear and black dress sock , take he suit out of the closet . suddenly , there 's a loud knock on the door . chip I be in underpant , Mom ! we hear the voice of chip' mom through the door . chip' mom I need to give you something . chip hang on . chip put on a robe and open the door . chip 's mom be hold a SMALL pink aerosol can . chip ( cont 'd ) lady ' pepper spray ? chip' mom I have be think about it for a while , and I think you need to be carry this . there 's obviously a sicko out there who like boy . boy you age . and I do not want you go out there unarm . chip I can take care of myself . I have be use the bowflex . in the background , we can see the bowflex with clothes hang off it . chip be mom do you hear what Colin Gray look like when they find he ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : chip lasagna with tooth ? chip be mom you hear . so unless you want to wind up look like another exotic eye-talian dish , take mommy 's rape spray . chip reluctantly accept the spray . chip be mom ( cont 'd ) be you pick needy up at she house ? chip meeting she at the dance . I be gonna walk . it 's so warm outside . it 's like 40 . chip' mom I want picture with you sister before you go . chip yes , mar 'am . int . needy' house ( live room ) - evening needy be fully dress and garishly make up . Toni hold a digital camera at arm 's length and take a shot of the two of they together . the mother / daughter photo look ghastly . Toni 's eye be close and needy pout miserably . int . chip' house ( live room ) - evening chip 's mother snap a series of stiffly pose photo of chip and he little sister , Camille . we can see the pepper spray tuck into the interior of chip 's jacket . chip be mom one more . back to back . Big smile . Camille , we do not touch ourselves down there . that 's we lady garden . 90 . int . kettle high gymnasium ( to establish ) - night the gym be decorate to look like a enchant forest . a large banner read " through the tree - turnabout dance " there be streamer and balloon everywhere in sickly shade of green and purple . a dj play badly - mix pop music . couple drift into the gym . the goth kide who be at Colin Gray 's grave travel in a pack , sulk . the goth girl who love Colin wander through the decoration and pop every balloon she pass with a pin . as she pop they , she narrate dramatically . goth girl ( pop balloon ) this be my heart . goth girl ( cont 'd ) ( pop balloon ) my soul . goth girl ( cont 'd ) ( pop balloon ) everything I once believe in . another goth girl , look exasperate , grab a balloon , shove it under she babydoll dress and pop it . goth girl # 2 ( mockingly ) you abortion . she rapidly shove another one under she dress and pop it again , smirk . goth girl # 2 ( cont 'd ) you other abortion . goth girl I hate you gut , madison . the girl glare at each other . needy walk in , look small and apprehensive in she bad ` 80s dress . she look around for chip , but he 's not there yet . a few mean kid point at she dress and snicker . needy ladle some juice into a paper cup and lean against the wall , wait anxiously for she Prince charm . 91 . ext . mc cullum park - continuous chip be cut through the park on he way to the dance . he whistle to himself . across the park , he see a stray dog trot toward he . the dog pants aggressively . chip try to smile , but look uncomfortable . a few squirrel emerge from the tree , gaze curiously at he . int . devil' kettle high gymnasium - continuous couple be beginning to grind against each other on the dance floor . needy watch they longingly . she check she mickey mouse watch . ext . mc cullum park - continuous chip pick up the pace , jogging down the path . in the distance behind he we can barely make out Jennifer 's form . she look more spectral then we have ever see she . chip speed up instinctively . suddenly , Jennifer 's about ten pace closer . then she 's closer again , as if she can fold space and time . she 's ethereal , flicker . chip turn to look over he shoulder . int . devil' kettle high gymnasium - continuous the music fade out and there 's a squeal of feedback from the sound system . Mr. wroblewski walk onto the stage in a bad suit . he awkwardly pick up the mic with he one good hand and pat it with he robotic one . mr. wroblewski can I have everyone 's attention please ? the student turn to look at he , annoyed by the distraction . ( continued ) 92 . continued : mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) welcome to the turnabout dance . I hope you have all have a opportunity to consume the pecan sandy and cran - grape that be so generously donate by the Parents Club . murmuring and applause . mr. wroblewski ( cont 'd ) but the real treat be yet to come . it 's happen right about now , this treat of which I speak . we have some very special guest tonight . they be kind enough to take a break from they sell - out national tour and play we dance for free . needy gag on she juice . ext . mc cullum park - continuous chip continue to hurry briskly along through the park . jennifer chip ! chip make a incoherent noise and jump as Jennifer appear , improbably , right in front of he . she 's wear a gorgeous white formal gown and look perfect . jennifer ( cont 'd ) do not you hear I call you name ? chip you be not call my name . jennifer yes , I be . chip I could not hear it . jennifer I think you be maybe space out . you be like this : derrrrr . she mimic a blank , drool expression . chip I be ? ( continued ) 93 . continued : jennifer yes , exactly like that . listen , I need to talk to you about you - know - who . we little needy . chip I know . jennifer be you worried ? ` Cause I be super - stress about she . God know how I even sleep at night . chip she have not be the same for week . jennifer I think I know what 's wrong with she . in fact , I know I know what 's wrong with she . chip then tell I . jennifer I feel bad tell you this . ( sighing ) okay , you know needy 's be a total lithium candidate since the night Colin Gray die . but that 's not just because he be brutally murder and stuff . it 's because .... I do not wanna say this . chip say it ! jennifer needy and Colin be intimate . by that I mean he be poke she donut on a semi-regular basis . chip look astonished and hurt . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I know this must be hard for you to hear . chip needy 's not like that . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) jennifer that 's what she want you to believe . but trust I , she and Colin be do stuff you have not even hear of . total varsity move . chip but you be with Colin the night he be kill . jennifer well , apparently he have a thing for I -- no surprise there . and I figure needy be busy jump you jock that night , so I agree to a little pity date . Colin bring I to that empty house so we could have some privacy . but he want to go too far , so I leave after a few minute . next thing I know , they would find ... she sniffles , wiping she eye . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ... what be leave of he . chip ( to himself ) eye-talian . jennifer huh ? chip never mind . jennifer I be sorry you have to hear this from I . I be just so worried about needy . she 's lose she shit . Colin be she everything . chip look miserable . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I would not be surprised if she wind up in the nuthouse . chip I just can not believe this . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 3 ) jennifer well , you have be talk to she more than I have . how bad be it ? chip it 's bad , man . it 's bad . jennifer I can only imagine the paranoid theory she 's come up with . chip oh , you have no idea . jennifer I just can not believe she would do this to you . I care so much about you , chip . chip glance up at she . she 's earnest , beautiful . jennifer ( cont 'd ) more than I have ever have the gut to admit . int . high school gym - continuous Mr. wroblewski pause dramatically for effect . mr. wroblewski boy and girl , please welcome ... Soft shoulder ! the heavy stage curtain part to reveal soft shoulder in all they glory . success have treat they well -- they be glow and wear designer rock and roll couture . they look like the young Rolling Stones . needy drop she cup . juice splatter onto the ground . nikolai good evening , baby . be you ready for some bad vibration ? the student rush the stage , shriek . nikolai raise he fist and the band launch into a heavy , uptempo version of " through the tree . " needy look as though she 's have a revelation . a look of pure horror cross she face . needy chip ! ( continued ) 96 . continued : she rush toward the gym exit , trip in she high heel . ext . mc cullum park - continuous chip be hypnotize in the glow of the streetlight . Jennifer lean forward and kiss he on the neck jennifer needy do not deserve a boy like you . ext . STREET - continuous needy be run toward the park in she gown . she take off she shoe and toss they aside , she arm and leg pump furiously . needy v.o . one thing people do not know about I be that I be fast . I just never go out for track because I look bad in short . also , Jennifer tell I track be for lezzy . but I be . fast , I mean . even in that fuck afterbirth of a dress , I could really tear up the asphalt . she pick up the pace , cheek puffing . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) I have to . I be run for he life . int . mc cullum park - continuous Jennifer be kissing chip . she pull he down onto the damp , muddy grass . jennifer ooh , you be so salty ! chip yeah , you too . jennifer say it like you mean it . chip you be so salty . I need water . it burn . the salty burn my mouth . ( continued ) 97 . continued : jennifer say I be better than needy . chip what ? why ? jennifer we really should not be do this . she pull away from he , feign a guilty conscience . chip ( quickly ) you be better than needy . Jennifer smile , satisfied . jennifer natch . she resume kissing he enthusiastically . chip this feel weird . can we go somewhere else ? jennifer I have just the place . she stand up and start to lead chip toward a abandon , fence - off community pool . it 's drain and spooky and look dangerous . chip Murphy Pool ? I do not think we can go in there . I know some skater guy who go in there . they get in big trouble and now they have to pick up garbage for 100 hour . Jennifer giggle and pull he along . jennifer you be in big trouble anyway . come on . she begin to climb the chain link fence . ext . chip be house - continuous needy jog toward chip 's house . exhausted and sweaty , she press the doorbell . she fall to she knee on the front stoop , panting and wheeze . ( continued ) 98 . continued : Camille answer the door . needy ( strained ) well , hi there Camille ! be chipper home ? Camille have no reply . she eye needy suspiciously and lick a popsicle . chip 's mother appear and shove Camille aside . chip be mom needy ? be something wrong ? needy where 's chip ? chip be mom ( confuse ) he leave for the dance at least twenty minute ago . he certainly should have be there by now . needy he walk ? Mrs. dove , you mean to only tell I that in this dangerous , godless time -- you let you only son walk alone at night ? chip' mom well , it 's only five block . my God , you hair be ... needy which way do he go ? chip be mom he usually cut across the park . she turn to scold Camille . chip be mom ( cont 'd ) Camille , let 's sit like a lady ! no one want to see you kiki . she turn back to address needy . chip' mom ( cont 'd ) why do not you try ... but needy 's go . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) chip be mom ( cont 'd ) anita ? ext . murphy pool - same Murphy Pool be even eerier from the inside . the fence - in deck area be litter with garbage , abandon pool furniture and graffiti . someone have spray paint the word " hopeless " on a wall . chip shiver and look around nervously . Jennifer nonchalantly unzip she dress and shimmy out of it , revealing she bra and panty . chip be not you cold ? jennifer never , trevor . I be hot like magma . she prance over to the abandon pool and begin to climb down the ladder on the side . the pool be full of filthy , freezing water . chip what be you do ? jennifer swim . chip ha ha . jennifer come on in , chip . show I you breast stroke . chip the water look disgusting . jennifer it 's not so bad . chip be you kid ? it 's totally bubonic in there . I think I see a dead possum with a dorito bag in its pouch . and that look like a use syringe over there ... he slap away a fly . ( continued ) 100 . continued : jennifer I be sorry . I be just try to make you laugh . I think now , more than ever , we need laughter . we have both lose a close friend . chip nod sadly . chip I know . jennifer I feel so empty . chip I too . jennifer please come here and kiss I again . make all this madness go away . chip tiptoe forward tentatively and sink to he knee . he lean in and kiss Jennifer , who 's still cling to the ladder . the sound of buzzing fly grow louder . suddenly , Jennifer open she eye . she hook she arm around chip 's neck and lunge backward . they tumble off the ladder , into the pool . chip scream . int . mc cullum park - continuous needy run into the park and scan the dark horizon . her bare foot be bloody from run and she face be shiny with sweat . needy ( yelling ) chip ! a terrify scream in the distance . needy whip around , hike up she skirt and start run toward Murphy Pool . she reach the fence and start climb it . she slip and cut she hand on a break link . chip scream again on the other side of the fence . ( continued ) 101 . continued : needy ( cont 'd ) I be come ! she fling herself over the top of the fence , she body slamm against the concrete pool deck . her arm snap . it 's a compound fracture , the bone thrust through the flesh of she arm as she scream . int . murphy pool - continuous needy stagger toward the pool , which be surround by a extraterrestrial glow . chip 's moan be almost unbearable . needy stare into the abyss and clap she hand over she mouth . Jennifer be waist deep in the dirty water , fling chip against the wall like a rag doll . he 's still conscious , but he skin on he chest have be ripped off to expose he rib . Jennifer be chewing happily . chip look at needy , he face a mask of agony . chip ( mouthing ) needy ! needy Holy crap ! Jennifer begin gnaw on chip 's neck , so engage in the task that she do not notice needy . needy climb up on the diving board and cross herself . needy ( cont 'd ) Saint Jude , patron saint of hopeless cause : please give I the power to crush this bitch . Jennifer look up with demonic , bloodshot eye just as needy leap off the diving board . needy land on Jennifer 's shoulder , take she out . she wrap she leg around Jennifer 's neck and drag she under the water . Jennifer emerge . needy grab she by the hair and girly - slap she furiously across the face . then she spot the pepper spray lie by the side of the pool . she grab it and spray it in Jennifer 's eye . Jennifer shriek and vomit nasty , spiny gore all over needy and chip . ( continued ) 102 . continued : jennifer fuck this j.v. shit ! Jennifer rocket straight up into the air like a goddess , hover ten foot above the pool . her eye burn . her skin be corpselike . she 's drench from head to toe in the prickly ooze . chip ( croaking ) she can fly ? needy she 's just hover , chip . it 's not that impressive . Jennifer speak in a metallic , demonic-sound voice . jennifer God , do you have to undermine everything I do ? you be such a player-hater . needy glare at Jennifer , surprisingly fearless . needy you be a jerk . jennifer Nice insult , lizzie mcguire . get any more harsh dig ? needy you know what ? you be never a good friend . ever . even when we be little . you use to steal my toy and pour lemonade on my bed and make I be Ugly Ashley when we play barby ! jennifer and now I be eat you boyfriend ! see ? at least I be consistent . needy why do you need he ? huh ? she begin to weep . needy ( cont 'd ) ( sobbing ) why do you need the one guy who 's ever like I ? you can have anyone , Jennifer ! ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) needy ( cont 'd ) the cutest guy in school . the mailman . a teacher . you could probably even have a huge star like Chad Michael Murray . so why chip ? why he ? be it just to piss I off ? or be it because you be insecure ? Jennifer float in midair toward the pool deck and drift down , landing on she foot . needy crawl out of the pool and face she down . jennifer I be not insecure . God , what a joke ! how could I be insecure ? I be the snowflake Queen ! needy yeah , two year ago . when you be socially relevant . jennifer I am still socially relevant ! needy you be skinny then , too ! a look of abject horror on Jennifer 's face . she reel back against the chain link fence , she eye blaze . jennifer I be gonna eat you soul and shit it out , lesnicki . her voice be now a unearthly growl . in the background , chip be slowly , painfully pull a pool skimmer with a eight - foot handle off the pool deck . needy ( trembling ) I think you only murder boy . jennifer I go both way . she hurtle herself toward needy , roaring , she eye white - hot , she jaw agape . she 's monstrous . chip suddenly stumble in front of needy and hold the handle of the pool skimmer in front of they like a spear . as Jennifer fly forward at demonic speed , she impale her entire torso on the handle . needy scream . there 's a beat of deafen silence . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 3 ) chip collapse on the pool deck . Jennifer rise uncertainly to she foot , " shishkebabbe " on the giant skimmer . with effort , she pull the handle out of she body in several stage . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ow - ow - ow . needy watch , and realize Jennifer be injure . blood drip onto the pool deck . needy ( surprised ) we hurt you ... blood trickle out of Jennifer 's wound . she try to plug the hole with she hand . jennifer get a tampon ? needy shake she head mutely . jennifer ( cont 'd ) think I would ask . you seem like you might be pluggin ' . she begin to climb the fence , wince in pain , then glance over she shoulder at needy and chip . needy where be you go ? jennifer fuck this noise . I be out . you loser be more trouble then you be worth . she continue climb . needy ( emotional ) why give up now ? he 's almost dead ! get you bulimic ass back here and kill we both ! jennifer Nah . I mean , you say I have be a bad friend all this year . I might as well throw you a bone . ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 4 ) she smirk and jump over the fence , stumbling off into the distance . needy watch she , she eye narrowing with hate . once Jennifer have disappear , needy turn she attention to chip , who be barely alive . she stare in horror at he tear arm and expose rib , then fall to she knee over he body . needy oh , chip ! chip needy . you save I . needy I be gonna call for help . she reach into chip 's pocket and pull out he beat - up cell phone . she wipe off the prickly ooze with she hand . chip oh no , I be out of minute ! needy I think 911 be always a free call . chip oh yeah . you be right . needy dial to no avail . the phone be hopelessly clogge with ooze . she knock it against the deck . needy it 's not work . it 's full of Jennifer - goo . chip begin gag and cough . he roll onto he back , he eyelid flutter . chip ( faintly ) hey , I be go somewhere ... needy no ! you be not go anywhere ! chip I be toast , needy . I be definitely gonna die . I think I already die before you be here , but I wake up when I hear you voice . ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 5 ) needy I love you . chip yeah I too . and you look hot in that dress . needy you be clearly delirious . chip no . when you be die , you can see everything a lot clearer . you can see what 's true and what 's not . the thing that be true have this glow halo of light around they , like a picture of the baby Jesus , or Barbara Walters when they use the special lens . and I know for sure that you be totally hot . needy begin to sob hoarsely . chip ( cont 'd ) you would better get out of here . the police be go to come and I do not want they to , you know , make a mistake . needy I be never leave . chip but I have to go . needy no ! chip 's eye close . his face relax . he 's go . needy wail at the top of she lung . she rest she head against he mutilate chest , oblivious to the blood and bone . int . devil' kettle high gymnasium - night the dance be in full swing and student be slow -dance . Girls rest they head against boy ' chest , only under far less macabre circumstance than needy and chip 's deathb tableau . Soft shoulder be still play onstage , they guitar chime melodically . ( continued ) 107 . continued : the bass player , dirk , turn toward nikolai Wolf . dirk this suck old - man ball . nikolai shut up . it 's good pr . he accidentally speak into the mic , attract unwanted stare from the kid . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ( to audience ) I say , it 's so good to be here ! the student cheer approvingly , they face bright and hopeful . nikolai bare he tooth in a frighteningly fake smile . ext . c0 rvallis high campus - continuous illuminate by lamp light , needy limp toward the gym entrance . she 's completely cover in demon-goo . her face be bloody , she hair be full of blood and gut , and she broken arm look gruesome . in the background , yet another oblivious couple be make out . needy stop to stare at they , she gaze calm but obviously insane . they break apart and stare back at she . girl what be you look at , clumpy ? needy ( quietly ) just watch you old man try to suck the ugly off you face . guy what do you say ? needy bend over , casually hold one nostril close , and do a " farmer blow . " a bloody clot fly out of she nose . the guy take a good look at needy and blink , startle . guy ( cont 'd ) be you suppose to be goth or something ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : needy do you know the original goth be a germanic tribe that settle in Rome ? they do not wear black . they wear regular linen tunic . I do not know why nobody else know that . the couple have already resume make out . needy roll she eye , turn away , and continue limping into the gym . int . gym - continuous needy enter the gym and slam the door shut behind she . people ignore she as she slowly walk toward the stage . they be too busy slow dance and laugh in they respective clique . she look up at the stage , where Soft shoulder be play a insufferably long coda . nikolai noodle through a guitar solo , then look up and see needy look directly at he , she eye full of hate . nikolai gulp nervously and elbow dirk . needy point to she eye with two finger , then point at nikolai , as if to say , gotcha . she look completely possess . nikolai ( to dirk ) we gotta get out of here . dirk why ? nikolai I think this girl 's flipping out . dirk what could she do to we ? nikolai look at she . dirk take one look at needy 's face and take off he guitar . nikolai motion for the rest of the band to leave the stage . the music stop abruptly . the kid in the gym murmur and complain , confuse . ( continued ) 109 . continued : needy try to follow they . she limp blindly toward the stage and climb up . everyone watch , gasp in horror . by now the band be disappear out the side door of the gym . needy ( into the mic ) you do not play you hit yet . but they be go . needy look out at she classmate . they stare back . she pass out cold . int . chip' STREET - morning ( to establish ) needy v.o . they find chip the follow morning . the police could not find a explanation for the " substance " in the pool , so they choose not to mention it to the press . in fact , they treat the whole incident like a bad dream . int . chip' house ( live room ) - morning we see the police ( include newly mint officer roman duda ) inform chip 's mother that he body have be find . she collapse onto the floor , curling up into the fetal position . needy trouble be , some of we would never wake up . int . needy' bedroom - day needy be lie in bed , shaking , she arm in a cast . her mother try to rouse she . needy v.o. I never go back to school after that . do not talk much either . my mom buy some book so she could teach I at home like crazy Christians with 14 kid do . but I be not a very cooperative student . needy pull the cover over she head . ( continued ) 110 . continued : Toni shrug , resign , and toss the book on the floor . ext . jennifer be house - night needy be crouch outside Jennifer 's window , hide in the shrubbery . she look almost feral , with wide eye and a hungry expression . through the window , we see Jennifer sit at a vanity and comb she hair , oblivious to the intruder in she yard . needy v.o . what nobody realize be that I be do a different kind of homework . I be watch she every night . wait . we see Jennifer put the comb down and examine she hair with a appraise eye . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) wait for she to get weak and dull . wait for she to burn through the life - force she would steal from chip . needy creep away from the window . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) it take week , but I finally make my move . remember ? ext . jennifer' house - night we be see a flashback of the night needy slaughter Jennifer . needy plunging through the window . Jennifer thrashing . the blood . the struggle . the levitation . the arrival of the police . needy v.o. even in she last moment of life , she somehow manage to be cooler than I . we see , for a moment , Jennifer 's sly , challenging smile as needy raise the boxcutter to slash she . that signature look of mastery and control . ( continued ) 111 . continued : needy she leave a insanely hot corpse . we see Jennifer 's mother hold she again , scream , though all we hear be silence and static . sure enough , Jennifer 's bleed body seem to be artfully , sensually drape in she mother 's arm . she almost seem to be smirking at we . int . " the hole " - night we be back in solitary confinement , where needy have be narrate the whole sordid tale . she have not move a muscle since beginning she story . only a single shaft of moonlight illuminate the room . a orderly shove dinner through a slot in the door . it 's a pile of mystery meat . needy wrink she nose . needy v.o. I do not even know who needy lesnicki be anymore . I be a different person now . a person who use curse word and kick orderly and and see thing that be not there . a very bad , very damage person . needy reach up and distractedly pull back the neckline of she shirt ... needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) but sometimes , change can be good . for instance , most occult scholar do not know this , but if you be bitten by a demon - - and you live -- you just might absorb some of the demon 's ability . in the moonlight , we see needy still have a infect - look bitemark near she shoulder . she scratch it , wince . needy v.o. ( cont 'd ) you just might get lucky for once in you miserable life . pull back to reveal that needy , still cross -legge be hovering five foot off the floor . effortlessly . with visible concentration , she slowly fly up toward a narrow window position up near the ceiling . to anyone with normal ability , it would be impossible to access . ( continued ) 112 . continued : needy reach the window , gaze at it for a moment , then smashes it with surprising strength . ext . leech lake hospital - five minute later needy stroll across the grounds in she bunny slipper . she head confidently toward the security fence and pass through it after casually mangle the bar . only a needy - shape hole remain . ext . county road 9 - ten minute later needy be stride purposefully down a dark country road . the hospital recede in the background . a few raccoon gather by the side of the road , watch needy as she walk past . a pickup truck whizze by with its window roll down . " through the tree " blast from the radio . needy begin to sing , a lopsided grin on she face . needy ( singing ) " through the tree , I will find you . heal the ruin leave inside you ... " ext . murphy pool - night Devil 's kettle citizen be gather around Murphy Pool , cry . it 's a candlelight memorial for chip . they face be weary and sorrowful . photo of chip have be arrange around the edge of the fence . we see a picture of chip and needy on the end . someone have bring a CD player , and the mourner sing along , they voice soar . vigil attendee ( singing ) " ... and the star will remind you , we will meet again ... " ext . county road 9 - continuous needy hold she thumb aloft as she walk down the remote country highway . ( continued ) 113 . continued : needy ( singing ) " ... we will meet again . " a small creek empty into a stream run parallel to the road . needy seem something glint at the mouth of the creek and stoops to pick it up . it 's nikolai 's bowie knife , the one he throw into Devil 's kettle , never to be see again . needy pick it up and tuck it into she waistband . a station wagon come rattling up the road . needy stick she thumb out again . the wagon pull over to the side of the road . the driver , a grizzle older man , roll down the window . he eye needy lasciviously . old man where you look to go , young lady ? needy East , toward madison . old man East , huh ? guess I be head that way . but I be gonna need you to pay I in ass , gas or grass . get that ? no free ride in this wagon . needy I do not have any money or drug , so you will have to settle for ass . old man Fair enough . hop in my chariot . needy gratefully hurry into the driver 's seat . old man ( cont 'd ) so why you head East ? needy I be follow this rock band . old man huh . must be a hell of a group . needy tonight 's gonna be they last show . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 2 ) needy smile blithely and pop the clear lifesaver into she mouth . the station wagon pull off . as it sputter off into the distance , we see a road sign that read , ironically , soft shoulder . we hear the song on the radio end , seguee into the dj 's bumper . radio dj what a song . think we would play that one in honor of Soft shoulder . they be play in madison tonight . should be a night to remember ... the dj 's voice fade out as the car vanish into the horizon . the end