jennifer EIGHT written by Bruce Robinson June 1991 1 : int . community hall . day . the Church of St. Peter Los Angeles . " whoever you see here - whatever you hear here - stays here . " that 's a notice on a wall . here 's another notice " no smoking . " everyone be smok - ing . this be a aa meeting . there 's a lot of face to look at . I do not know when we will get to the one that 's talk , but when we do it 's like this . eye like glue . 50 year old with a face the color of a snuff-user hanky . he say this : benny .. after my third recovery my wife make I swear I would never bring another bottle into the house . and I never do . I bur - ied it under the lawn . cut out a turf &amp ; stand it upright with a piece of tin- foil instead of a cork . so here we be out in the yard , and she 's happy because I be get healthy in a pair of swim - ing short &amp ; no way near no booze . she decide to prune the rose . meanwhile , I be lay there with a straw stick in - to the fucken lawn do a quart of red .. curious thing about drunk . they disease often amuse they . that 's how crazy I be - I be sick for half a life till I finally find my san - ity again in this room . do not take that drink - and for the one or two new face I see here , I say this : just do it by the day . you gotta do it by the day - do not take that drink . and keep come to this meeting . because here be where it work .. chair thank you , benny .. we have a few more minute .. anyone else like to share ? .. ash into a ashtray and now a face . he 's around 40 year old . intense eye &amp ; dark hair . probably good look when the ang - le 's right . but this be a bad angle . his name be JOHN berlin . berlin my name 's John .. and I be a alcoholic .. all hi , John . berlin I do not intend to speak today . matter of fact , I be not gonna come to the meeting .. but I wanna say a couple of thing I hope may be of use , particularly as benny say , to the new face here . I first come into this fellowship ten month ago . I come to a meeting I be convinced be gonna be my last - how could a buncha drunk help I ? - then someone get up , I think it be micky , and describe himself as " the shit around which the universe revolve . " I do not know if that be original to he - it do not matter , it be the first time I would hear it , and I still can not think of a better way to describe how I feel - we all have we own place in the darkness , and I be in such a mess I could hardly fucken see - I would lose someone very dear to I - she have not die - I have - I do not know whether she leave coza the drink , or whether I drank cause I know she be gonna leave - either way , the booze win - I replace she with alcohol &amp ; anger - I be angry with she , myself , everyone and everything - where I be I want to be someplace else - any place but here - any moment but now - but here I be , and it be now , and there 's a big change about to hap - pen in my life - and I be go for it cause this time I know I be not run away - I be actually two mile into a 600 mile journey , and I feel good about myself go there - so I stop off to share that with you - and to thank everyone of you , and everyone in this fellowship for let I walk out of here , free .. 2 : ext . oakland bridge . san francisco BAY . dusk . High above the Golden Gate . too high for specifics . but there be something down there of interest to the camera . descend with the Music it seem to isolate a particular car . too many and too distant to know which it be . but the camera be follow - ing and already a mile up the 101 interstate travel north . maybe via a dissolve . and maybe not . but red and white either way as the headlight be come on . the camera be close on the highway . and a car have definitely be select . there be nothing much of interest about it . it 's a blue mercede sedan . mussorgsky will choreograph the pace of this cut . the first put the frame directly in front of the car . in a few moment its brights snap up . and titles continue in a dazzle of light . 3 : int . mercede sedan . 101 . dusk . nobody in the car except berlin . and a lot of cigarette smoke . just time to wedge in a p.o.v . there 's a intersection come up . he hit the indicator and cross lane wind he wind - ow down . take a last hit at he cigarette and exit the butt . 4 : ext . freeway intersection . dusk . a instant of red as the cigarette shatter up the highway . a heavy sky of red and black cloud . the mercede turn off head - ing east . this time the camera do not follow . remains static over the intersection until the tail light finally disappear . 5 : int . live room . house . dawn . bare wooden board and the sound of sing bird . this house have not be live in for year . no furniture other than a new mattress in the middle of the floor . still in polythene wrap . berlin just about awake on top of it . ten second of disorien - tation while he put this together . a stone fireplace . stair lead to what 's get to be a tiny room above . with enough ef - fort this place could be charming . but right now it 's a wreck . 6 : int . kitchen . house . dawn . this kitchen be out of date by 1963 . a huge china sink and a fat fridge . but the cooker work and a batter old kettle be already on the gas . T-shirt and instant coffee . berlin check cupboard out . crockery include a cup and that will do for now . his lip articulate a silent expletive . the gas have just go out . tries to relight it without success . on hand &amp ; knee he explore a rubber supply pipe that snake under the back door . 7 : ext . OPEN end garage and yard . house . dawn . in the garage he find the gas cylinder . empty and so be the bastard with it . he drag finger through hair in frustration . look around at the heaps of crap that need clear out . the view beyond he hardly care to look at . but if he do it be as follow . Cloud mass on the horizon . field get be - ady for rain . his nearest neighbor be around 200 yard away . his nearest cow about 50 . this house be remote and rural look - ing with a veranda out back . but berlin have no inclination for sight - see . as he walk away a dreary female Voice seep in . 8 : int . live room / kitchen . house . dawn . the Voice come via a police scanner . most of this dialogue 's bullshit . illegally park auto and a few drunk still about . berlin sit on the mattress eat a breakfast of chew gum and milk . he unwrap another juicy fruit and regret it . go round he mouth like a shoe in a wash machine . a reluctant decision be take . spit gum at the sink as he arrive in the kitchen . start unload he leather bag . a flotsam of stuff be excavate include a 9 mm beretta and a pack of cigarettes . he light up and take a cruel hit full of nicotine and guilt . would not need a clairvoyant to realize he 's try to give up . something on the scanner interest he and he wander back to the live room . there 's a call go out for " David 72 Sam 3 . " David 72 acknowledge and berlin clearly recognize the voice . " we have a 927d / Springfield Street / City dump . " but David 72 be already hire . " I be outside emerson / I wanna be the first horrible face of she day . " berlin exhales through a smile . the Controller need a e.t.a. for the 927 ? David 72 do not know . advise she to roll a couple of car and " secure the location . " 9 : ext . hillside . springfield STREET . eureka . day . a chevrolet zig - zag up a shabby canyon . it 's the road to the city dump . its final bend reveal a line of bellow garbage truck . everything be back up . nothing move except the car . the cause of the hold - up be explain at the top . a sheriff 's car block the road . a uniform move to wave the chevrolet in . 10 : ext . entrance / track / infill . CITY dump . eureka . day . the car park at a weigh -house and a man in he 50' get out . look like he have not sleep in a while . and get the mood to go with it . Sports jacket and cowboy boot . a lot of laugh line around the eye . but you would not want to get arrest by he . and especially not this morning . his name be frederick T ross . travis you can drive down there , Sir .. ross I be already walk . where be it ? one of that walk with he be a 10 - year - old kid with a dog. travis look almost too young to own he struggle moustache . travis on the infill . the guy from L.A. 's just go down there .. ross he have ? .. what 's he do here ? travis he be wait for you , sir. wait - ed a good while . Said he would go down and take a look . I hope that 's o.k . the track sink through a valley of a million discard tire . ross damn a , it 's o.k. with a bit of luck I be goin home . what we get ? travis a derelict . trimble they cut he throat .. the information come from freckle and a miss front tooth . ross who be you ? trimble trimble . he wear glass and wield a rusty .22 pump-action remington . ross where do you fit in , trimble ? travis his father 's the manager , Sir . the kid be up there shoot vermin , and he find the body . trimble get ready for it , cause I be tell - ing ya , you be in for a shock .. trimble speak with some enthusiasm . ross look back with none . they slit he from " ear to ear . " ya want I to make a statement ? ross not right now . no . thank you . 11 : ext . working face . infill . garbage dump . day . a series of terrace have be create as the canyon fill up . Black smoke drift from a distance at will of the wind . gull and bulldozer . plus a stinking ten foot cliff of human filth . several car park here include the blue mercede . several on looker behind yellow police tape . ross negotiate it look - ing piss off . look up and somewhere in the smoke be berlin . ross do you bring it with you ? berlin I hope I be not intrude ? ross be my guest . what you get ? berlin Old guy , offed himself with a knife . I can not find the knife . and the next thing ross be look at be a death in the trash . a massive dozer in the background . everything else be garbage . trimble they cut he throat . ross would you get outside the tape . and tell you dad to put that fire out ... that be not legal ... another face here be so familiar ross have not bother to ackn - owledge it . blattis be a 32 year old local newspaper reporter . Little be visible of the body except a blood-stain raincoat . travis I wonder what would make he do a thing like that ? ross do not annoy I , Travis . travis no , Sir . truck horn wail in the distance . on the horizon it 's thunder . ross so where 's the knife ? berlin wear surgical glove . remove film from a small camera . berlin I dunno .. guess the dozer musta shift he ? you need some hand up here to look .. ross you hear . look for the knife . swat smoke ross direct anger at a fat cop call venable . you , too .. move that ass .. berlin hand the film to ross as he get into identical glove . you do the pocket ? berlin no , Sir . I have not start till Monday . I be a " tourist . " ross " welcome to Eureka . " by now ross be crouch next to the Corpse examine the wound . how long 's he be feel like this ? berlin week or two . musta be on the ker - osene . stink like a diesel engine . blattis fucken noddle 's hang off .. ross Mr blattis , of we local news - paper . you sure it 's a suicide ? berlin uh huh .. he 's well rehearse .. blattis what do that mean , sergeant ? berlin cut you own throat , you be ner - vous about it , tend to hesitate . he 's get three trial cut , lower leave side of the neck , before he work up courage for the big one . blattis look vaguely impressed . ross begin search pocket . blattis you think popeye would know that ? ross I do not think popeye would be here . venable ( v.o. ) Dead dog over here , Sir ... ross find the knife . and venab - les , be the coroner call ? venable yes , Sir .. he 's delay .. blattis alright , gentleman , I be gonna leave you . I get a couple of question for the paper , serg - eant ? mind if I swing by later , wring out a tea-bag with you ? berlin my pleasure .. who 's popeye ? blattis you predecessor . he do - not like to get outta bed . catch you later , freddy T .. off he fuck under a ail sky . berlin land a friendly grin . berlin so what happen to the barbecue , and fishing ? ross watch my lip , cause you be not gonna believe this - this be a rare occurrence . we have not have a body in eighteen month . he find key and change and a sandwich in the wino 's raincoat . how do anyone dead as this lose a knife ? berlin what about that kid , Ross ? ross oh , shit . of course . the kid . ( stands to shout ) Travis . find that kid and get the knife off he . he 's gonna lie to you - but he 's get it - so get it . well , go on , get on with it . whatta you stare at ? travis stare up like he just stick he dick in a light socket . travis I think I find some - thing horrible , Sir ross whatta you mean , " horrible ? " travis I think I have find a hand . 12 : ext . infill . garbage dump . day . ross crouch in garbage . peer into a trash sack with assist - ance of a flashlight . " you be right . it 's a fucken hand . " pas - ses the light to berlin . his turn to examine the rupture bag . berlin look like a woman 's hand ? berlin finally stand . off the flashlight . and hand it back . ross what do you think ? berlin I think you be here all day . 13 : ext . infill . garbage dump . day . piss with rain and unspeakably miserable . the ' grid-search ' be in progress and 50 square yard of the dump have be ripp - ed to piece . intermittent voice from police radio . more veh - icle down below include a ambulance with hazard revolve . up here half a dozen arc-light scald off vapor . berlin search - es under a bust umbrella . look up and run into ross 's eye . ross how much longer we here ? we be not gonna find nothing else .. ? he wear a rubber cape &amp ; look like a huge piss - off napoleon . berlin we give it one more hour . do the photographer do the dog ? ross the dog ? berlin two dog . he should do the dog . and both turn towards a Voice shouting from deep in the gloom . venable sergeant - we get a brassiere over here . look like it could be blood . ross oh , shit . berlin alright , I be come .. another intrusion from the radio . travis repeat the question . travis the coroner want to know if we can release the derelict ? ross ask he . berlin yeah , he can go ... ross think I will lay down with he . only way I will get outta here . do someone say something funny ? do berlin just about smile . berlin it 's good to be with you , Ross . and this be probably the only time ross will look happy today . ross glad you finally make it , bro ... 14 : ext . car park . police station . CITY of eureka . day . the mercede descend a incline and park . Brown chevy and black &amp ; white patrol car . dismal light and raining like it do not end . berlin get out and unload the trunk ( aquarium &amp ; insulate picnic box ) . slam the trunk and reveal blattis . blattis you want some umbrella ? proffer a big yellow one plus assistance carry equipment . berlin be this normal ? blattis average rainfall , 48 inch . piss down , October to June . raining hard enough to hurt . a brisk intimacy across the lot . better in the summer . you get to fucka few tourist .. he hit a security code at the door . obviously familiar with the station . dialogue continue as they step into a corridor . 15 : int . corridor / administration . police station . day . blattis [ berlin ] not marry be you , sergeant ? [ no . ] that 's good , you get to fuck a few more . so how long you know freddy ? berlin freddy ? forever - he be my serg - eant when I be a kid - do not get to see a lot of each other - but we be buddy two hundred year .. blattis do he get you the job ? berlin I think he would have if he could have - be try to get I up here long enough - I think he may have bribe the old guy to retire .. blattis popeye be not old . younger than you . they push through door into the biggest room in the building . a dozen desk back to back and all the clutter and clatter of typewriter and paperwork and secretaries swapping the gossip . too many cop to describe and no time to remember they anyway . but here 's one make introduction . about 60 year old . face a mix of brick and fat . the Chief of Eureka Police be citrine . citrine sergeant serato , and Taylor . any handshake and greeting that fit in around the equipment . Mr Travis , I think you know .. berlin do I a favor , Travis ? bring in the resta the stuff from my car ? blattis toss he parasol " do not lose it " and follow berlin . blattis do you find the knife , sergeant ? berlin no .. but we have a theory .. blattis kid tell I he do not take it ? berlin maybe he 's lie to you ? by now they be in a L shape room with wood bench and bull - etin board all over the wall . bullshit everywhere in pack case . dusty playboy spread amongst other junk on the board . blattis be it true you find a hand ? and he bench the aquarium as berlin lose the insulate box . be that it ? citrine ( o.s. ) interview over , blattis ... blattis c'mon , Chief , if it 's sensitive , tell I .. I be not take note .. right now the box contain camera equipment which be unpack . citrine .. we get a body part . we do not know what it be - probably some kind of hospital debris - we be gonna try and check it out . o.k . now you know as much as we do .. blattis grateful for you candor , Sir . citrine then do I a favor , and keep this outta the newspaper - that dump serve a dozen different community , we do not even know if it 's ours ? till we do I do not want no one worry about .. blattis be not freeze , be it , sergeant ? citrine come on , Michael , outta here , the guy try to move in . I tell you what we know , something else , you - will be the first to hear about it .. a woman 's face around the door . " Los Angeles for sergeant ber - lin . " and goodbye blattis as Berlin reach for the telephone . berlin why do he ask if it be freeze ? citrine that , I could not tell you .. and do not worry about anya this crap , by the time you be back it 's go .. citrine split as berlin pick up " hey , ronzo , good of you to call . " a long phone lead and he continue to unpack equipment . berlin ( phone ) listen , my time be not good - but two thing - really important - the bras - siere I send you ? - I need to know if that stain be human blood - and if they be , do they match the blood in the sample ? - c'mon , gimme a break , I do not know anyone up here , it would take two week - c'mon , ronny , I be ask - ing nice ? I really need to know wheth - er I be interested in that brassiere ? .. a cut - out of popeye the sailor with fist round a camera on the wall . telephone resistance be collapse and he break a smile . you be my favourite man - raining - I gotta go - ronny - I gotta go - I get a house fulla removal man and a date at the morgue - and , ron , con - gratulation - you be my first call .. 16 : int . morgue . county hospital . eureka . day . ross have a Vic inhaler up he nostril . a inadequate defense . a sudden stink slam into he neck muscle . head and inhaler travel rearward . he shift eye to berlin who scan the bum 's autopsy report . a pathologist comment on he handiwork into a microphone hang from the ceiling . " except as previously note , the liver be not remarkable . " ross do not believe it . pathologist .. if the knife have not kill he , the booze would .. I nev - er see such a bad cirrhosis .. berlin you say the cut 's leave to right ? ( he do ) be not that unusual ? he 's leave hand ? he pick up a nicotine - stain leave hand . simultaneously a lab technician want berlin to sign in exchange for the picnic box . pathologist I guess he be so drunk , he do - not know which hand he be use . ( re box ) what be you gonna do with it ? berlin depend how healthy it be . if it 's any good , I will try and get a print .. he hand the clip-board back and remember a question for ross . oh , Ross , that newspaper guy at the station , ask I if the hand be " freeze ? " why would he ask I that ? ross frozen ? .. I have no idea .. another fast fix on the Vic and berlin chew fresh gum . a need - le on a weigh machine quiver . " the liver weigh 1420 gram . " a few beer would not do that to you , would they ? pathologist no , freddy .. not a few .. 17 : int . kitchen . the ross residence . eureka . dusk . a explosion of hug in the kitchen . everything happen at once . margie ross be slim and dark and still look " twice as pretty . " she 's get compliment for berlin too if they can get out of each - other 's arm " you be look wonderful , John . " but greeting be better perform than describe , so I be leave it to the actor . ross you do a rush on three pizza ? he emerge from the refrigerator wield a bottle of champagne . margie I be not give he pizza . I have not seem he for a year ? I be gonna cook he a dinner . ross dinner 's another night , darlin .. this be a drive - by . I get a hour .. he detour via the kitchen door to shout upstairs . " hey. Bobby . ? " margie Bobby 's out .. what 's the hurry ? ross Friday night at City Hall . get a great chance to frighten the fat . margie freddy 's new obsession .. berlin who be who ? ross a professional , whining , con-person bitch with a ass the size of Africa .. ross fight a difficult cork " you wanna get some glass , honey ? " she 's a account - manager , very pal - ly with we mayor , up to she elbow in fraud , and I just can not prove it .. margie so tonight she confess ? ross tonight I be feel lucky .. the cork explode and he go for glass but one be not willing . berlin not for I .. ross what d' you mean , I just open it for you ? this be french champagne . margie no it be not .. it 's Californian .. ross even better . berlin not today .. I be on a diet to - day .. I will take a diet soda .. ross since when do you drink diet soda ? margie stop nag he . if he do not want it , he do not want it . you - be quacking like a old duck .. and she 's already at the fridge and pop a can of diet cola . here you go , honey .. you be look wonderful , John .. I can not believe we get you here .. ross how 's the new residence ? berlin o.k . ross what do that mean ? berlin not too good in daylight .. ross c'mon , just shut you eye until it 's paint . you be gonna love it . this be " God 's country , " John . 18 : int . crime lab . police station . day . this in huge close -up . focus harden on a finger tip . a shock of light . the focus adjust and a flash bulb fire again . ber - lin move away from the view -finder . chew gum stick to the side of the camera return to he mouth . he activate a auto - matic rewind . it fill the silence while he head for a phone . a lot of paraphernalia and technical type of shit . the bullet - in board be fill up . photograph chronicle the hour spend on the dump . he dial with eye on the picture . a dozen cata - logue discovery of the bra . " this be Mike blattis / I can not take you call right now / if you have a message / you know the sound . " 19 : int . duty room / corridor / admin . police station . night . a reel to reel tape recorder the size of a refrigerator domin- ate the room . a black board detail day / night / weekend shift . t.v. security monitor . a rack of night-sticks . and of course paperwork . venable crouch over a desk fill something in . berlin would you drop this off for I ? sure he will and six roll of film be hand across . " be you win , Sir ? " berlin smile and venable follow he out into the corridor . a couple of copper on they way in . one big and morose look call bisley . the other we have already meet . tay - lor be a tall bald guy with hazy reddish hair " how you doin ? " berlin respond a happy " o.k. " with eye return to venable . you know something strange about that hand ? I think it be freeze ? venable frozen ? berlin yeah . what do that mean to you ? apparently little . they arrive in the big room . it 's desert . c'mon , venable , you be a policeman . and policeman always have a answer ? venable well , Sir .. berlin well , what ? venable well , we have a very bad murder here , coupla year ago . not act - ually in we county , but south of here . girl with no head , no hand . you do not read about it ? ( he do not ) it be big shit . they have forty , fifty detective work it . nev - er identify she . never find the head , never find the hand .. a vacuum cleaner start somewhere but berlin be not hearing it . so it could be that some crazy 's store she hand in a freezer , and only now decide to get rid of it ? berlin where do I find the file on that ? venable in there if we get anything ? I believe the code be " Jennifer . " berlin be already look . a last question as venable leave . be it really freeze , sergeant ? berlin no. be dead two week . 20 : int . crime lab . police station . dawn . the atrophy Hand be emerse in some kind of fluid . index and second finger bound with wire just below the upper joint . ber - lin reach for steel plier . his face remain in close - up for a nasty " snap " as he cut a finger off . he 's fill a syringe with the same fluid when ross walk in . " Jesus , you still here ? " berlin what time be it ? ross Seven thirty - five .. here , " town get top cop . " I be gonna pin it to you wall . a newspaper feature a small photograph and article on Berlin . holding the finger he carefully insert a hypodermic needle un - der the wire . gently shoot in fluid to inflate the finger pad . berlin why so coy about the word " freeze " ? ross because , do not get into it ... berlin there 's nothing in the file ? ross watch my lip .. do not get into it .. the finger pad be sufficiently restore to try and get a print . it be not we case , be not we coun - ty , and get nothing to do with that . 21 : int . crime lab . police station . day . a slide projector do its stuff on a sheet of card pin to the door . Close - up of the Hand and off screen voice of berlin . " notice anything weird about it ? " the answer from ross be " no . " a pen move into frame and berlin point to mark on the Hand . berlin look - 1 - 2 - 3 / 4 - 5 - 6 - 7 .. the machine shunt up another slide . now the back of the Hand . I count eleven scar on this hand , and four that might be ? .. now I count they on my hand ? five . I be 42 year old . this girl 's about 18 ? how come she 's get so many scar ? he walk out of the projection beam and neon light flutter on . so tell I about " Jennifer ? " reaches for a pack of cigarettes and perches on a nearby stool . you know I be gonna find out . berlin count out cigarettes . and destroy they in a ashtray . ross it 's a " unsolve . " they spend 500 thousand dollar &amp ; buy emselve a dead end - you might wanna check it with Taylor , he work the case . berlin I already do . what 's he problem ? ross reach for the paper &amp ; thumb -tack it to the wall " that . " ross he think you steal he promotion . ( re cigarettes ) what exactly you doin there , John ? berlin it 's a method for quit smoking . a Zippo open ( sport l.a.p.d. insignia ) and berlin light up . he take a punish hit and exhales a lungful across the lab . ross that 's a interesting method ? must help beat the withdrawal ? back on he foot berlin be about to begin more work on the Hand . berlin it 's a technique I read about . if you smoke 60 a day , you buy three pack , throw one cigar - ette away , and smoke 59 . Day 2 , you throw 2 away and smoke 58 .. ross why do not you throw they all away , and smoke none ? berlin because it 's a ritual you gotta go through with . I be down to 10 . daftest thing Ross ever hear . berlin be poise to make a print . ross you want my advice ? berlin maybe ? ross find yourself a farmer 's daughter with nice big fuck tit , and shake that " bye -bye . " send it to Sacramento , John .. I sniff grief .. 22 : int . stair / live room . berlin' house . day . berlin &amp ; ross be opposite end of a bed jamme on the stair . " bastard . I give they a 20 buck tip . " various navigational sug - gestion from ross win they another stair . plus advice from a 12 year old call bobby . " you gotta go leave , dad . " ross know he 's gotta go leave ! both heave as margie walk out the kitchen . margie you be all do except the floor . the house be a zoo of furniture . bullshit pile up everywhere . berlin you be a saint , margie , thanks .. by now she 's get the apron off and she coat on . " c'mon , Bobby . " margie do not forget the wagon , darlin ? and off they go via a slam door as the phone start to ring . 23 : int . bedroom . house . day . in they stagger . the bed go down . and berlin sprawl on top of it . devastate for oxygen . " alright . that 's it . I be fuck . " ross you gotta stop smoking .. berlin I be stop smoking ... ross I do not mean this " system " shit that keep you suck , I mean stop .. I be exactly like you be .. I use to wake in the night - heart go so hard I coulda make love with my leave tit .. if I can stop , you can .. berlin how would you do it , old man ? ross someone bet I a dollar .. berlin a dollar ? .. not worth give up for a dollar .. berlin manage to find air to sit . reaches for the ansa phone . ross alright . I will bet you fifty ? first call come from delaware Roofing vis-a- vis the estimate . berlin fifty dollar ? you get a bet . during this proceedings the machine have move to another call . [ machine ] [ j.b. / ronzo / get some result for you / first / the blood on the bra be human / and it 's not a popular brand / a.b. neg and that 's a rare one / two / the blood on the brassie - be be compatible with the blood from the hand / Three / if you need anything else the official answer from all we Christians down here , be fuck off / shoot I a duck / bye ] ross what be you gonna do , soldier ? berlin I be gonna dig up " Jennifer . " 24 : int . ( teletype ) / admin . police station . night . and here 's part of the " exhumation . " citrine stare at a tele - type machine wait for transmission on Jennifer to complete . approximate date of birth / approximate date of death / Identity unknown . visible misgiving as he haul it out and read . one or two chair already on desk . ross still at he paw over document with a detective call serato . cigarette smoke and shirt sleeve . ross look up and catch citrine as he pass . ross Chief , I gotta talk to ya about this fat lady ? citrine what about she ? ross she 's make my life a misery .. I wanna give she a lie-detector test ? citrine continue up the carpet . " alright , we will talk about it . " 25 : int . crime lab . police station . night . a florescent glow from a t.v. monitor supplies the only light . berlin vacillate interest between the scanner and the screen . citrine ( o.s. ) what be that ? berlin laser enhancement of the finger - tip .. it 's really bother I .. see this striation right here ? ( Green on the screen ) it 's like she 's always worry the end of she finger ? rubbing it with a thumb nail , or something ? but citrine be not interested in finger nail . he 's stare at a polystyrene torso of a faceless girl . she wear a brassiere stuff with newspaper and a black wig . ( welcome Jennifer two ) she 's almost identical to Jennifer . slim - White - same age - bra size be even the same . nicely make lady . citrine stare at the dummy like he 's gonna ask it a question . citrine how do you know she hair 's black ? berlin Hair on she hand . plus Jen - nifer have raven black hair . citrine what be all this Jennifer stuff ? he wave a handful of teletype before dump it on a bench . this case be not connect , John ? berlin yes , Sir , I think they maybe . I think " Jennifer , " and this lady get hit by the same guy ? citrine I do not see that at all .. on the board be a super- impose picture of a hand over a wrist . berlin I get four point of posit - ive comparison on the cut .. citrine yeah , that 's all very inter - esting , but where 's the body ? a question he do not need because he have not a answer . citrine have a eye on further photograph relevant to the Jennifer case . I do not know nothing about this " jenn - ifer " girl , cept what some of the guy tell I - but principal feature of the case be a gruesome displayal of the body . he want it find . so if this be the same guy , why 's he hide this one ? another question he can not answer - and this time he do not get a chance - bisley walk in with a apology for the interruption . get a face like humphrey bogart 's mother fuck a different guy . bisley just wonder if you have time to get around to my pharmacy stuff ? berlin you will have it in the morning .. bisley alright , I will try again tomorrow . bisley have go but he tension stay . berlin unwrap fresh gum . citrine probably make he feel a bit antsy seein it back on the wall . he work a lotta time on this . berlin I think it be Taylor 's case ? citrine sucked in officer from all over the county . and it be the worst six month this station ever have . this be citrine 's shop and berlin be not gonna row it with he . berlin what do you want I to do , Chief ? citrine I be not tell you what to do . what I will say , be right now , that child 's tricycle there be more important to I than this .. he refer to a little bicycle . voucher and obviously steal . by now citrine be at the hinge . a pause before he disappear . why do not you give it a minute , &amp ; stop by my office . we should talk . 26 : int . mercede sedan . CITY of eureka . night . melted neon in the street . a wet mid-town night . nothing but sound of windshield wiper and click of a Zippo lighter . ross ride stoic passenger while berlin drive with fester eye . ross .. what do he think it be ? berlin [ ross ] everything it be not [ make a leave ] . he even try a " self -inflict . " ross it 's possible . berlin c'mon , Ross , the bra and hand be in different bag a 100 foot apart .. they stop at a light and a beeper go as warning to the blind . what 's she gonna do ? dump she bra in one bag , she hand in the other , and wander off whistling hey Jude ? ross it 's the garage on the far corner . berlin be worry at he fingertip on the wheel of the Zippo . you can not stop it , can you ? berlin what do you mean ? ross worry - click - pick - you may as well be back in Los Angeles . berlin what do you mean , Ross ? the light change and off they go and berlin wait for a turn . ross why do not you dump it ? mail it off . give the fuck f.b.i. a present ? berlin why do not you dump the " fat Lady ? " ross because I dislike she too much .. berlin o.k. and I be not in love with this fukker ? that 's how I feel about he . ross no you do not . that 's how you think you feel about he . that 's how you feel about yourself . you will not give yourself one- fuck - minute for you . and by now they have arrive and pull up on the garage forecourt . it 's indicative of they friendship that ross can talk like this . wait for I . it might not be ready . he quit the car and berlin watch he scurry towards a service shop . rain beat on the roof and berlin look stubbed out . a lot of cut come up and here be some of they . run a hand through he hair in unconscious frustration . a finger constantly bother the Zippo . eye towards ross who silhouettes in florescent light . somewhere in the background the light change to red . once again the beep sound of traffic-lights speak to the blind . maybe he look across but that do not matter . something just happen inside he head he be not yet quite aware of . everything in close up . Big on the Zippo . Big on berlin . and he leap out of the car . berlin sprint through the weather . a station wagon be still in the air at the end of a hydraulic jack . surprise from ross and a mechanic as berlin arrive . fuck the fanbelt and listen to this . berlin I just have this insane idea - if I be wrong , I will take a week off and redecorate you entire house .. rain beat at the roof and the jack sink the wagon behind they . she 's blind , Ross - that 's why all the scar - hear that traffic light ? that noise be to help blind people - that 's why the mark on she finger - tip ? - this lady read in braille .. 27 : int . administration . police station . day . berlin sit at a desk at the end of the room . nothing here but a legal pad and a phone . the pad be cover in name &amp ; number . right now he 's into a call and this be sounding promise . " how old ? " and he write 26 . " how long ? " about 6 week ago . hope in he eye as he look across to a woman call ann . she 's do what he 's do on a different line " wait a minute , I specific - ally say I be look for a girl ? " and all hope over because lesley be a boy . but here come ann &amp ; this might be something ? ann shasta - trinity Institute . line one . stick a sheet of note on he desk and he junk the last call . berlin ( New call ) hello .. yes .. this be sergeant Berlin .. yes , that 's right .. I believe my assistant explain ? .. how long ago be that ? .. uh-huh. o.k. .. who be who ? .. whass he name ? goodridge ? o.k. I will hold .. ross in transit grin from ear to ear . berlin interested in little but he note and ross in nothing but obvious good news . ross pig woman agree to take a test . berlin I think I get something - twenty two year old , dark hair - study - ing mathematics - ( yes , yes , I be hold ) - last see 5 week ago .. 28 : ext . landscape / road . trinity forest . day . mussorgsky be back on a shock cut . Big music and a shatter landscape . juniper wood and mountain . sunlight on fresh fal - len snow . somewhere a long way off a car crawl up the valley . Ross 's car burst into frame and as quickly the bend snatch it away . a unexpected building in the distance . victorian at a glance but probably later . a clock tower and fifty lifeless window . the chevy disappear towards its somber architecture . 29 : ext . the shasta -trinity institute . day . pine tree and slush and park car . the chevrolet swing in and park in front of the mansion . breath in the air and eye on the ugly pile as they slam door and head for its entrance . 30 : int . entrance / reception . institute . day . berlin first with ross follow . as soon as they hit the ent - rance they trigger a record voice . " you be now at the MAIN entrance . there be six step . " midway up they with ross look - ing back . " reception be through swing door and to you right . " 31 : int . principal' officer . institute . day . goodridge be mid -50' with a beard like abraham lincoln . sit far side of he desk alternate eye between ross and berlin . the latter study a photograph of a girl in a file . it 's pos - sible they have find Jennifer two ? " how recent be the picture ? " goodridge as recent as we have .. what ex - actly be you interest in amber ? berlin I be afraid I can not give you a and - wer to that , Mr goodridge . as I ex - plain to you secretary , we be do - ing a lotta look , but we be not even sure it 's she we be lookin for .. goodridge then what be you hope I be go - to do ? dissuade , or persuade you ? berlin I be hopin since we speak that you might have remember something that would give we a idea where she be ? goodridge then you could have save yourself a lot of drive , sergeant . what I say on the phone 's the same as I be say now . I get no idea where amb - er be , or who it be take she there . he do not like they but not as much as ross do not like he . ross a blind girl can just walk out of here , and you do not know who with ? goodridge you find something curious in that ? ross yeah , I guess I do . goodridge then let I put you mind at ease .. firstly , amber be not " blind " - she have some useful vision - and second , this be not a prison , it 's a college of higher education - a severe vis - ual disability do not mean my stud - ent do not value they independence as much as anybody else - and amber be a very independent young woman - she decide to leave - so she leave .. ross and you get no idea with who ? goodridge no , sergeant , I get no idea with who . and I might add , that in another six week , a hundred and fifty student will be leave here , &amp ; drive away for they Christmas holiday with pe - ople whose name I - will not - know -either .. ross could sock he in the crop but the phone ring and he ex - cus himself to answer it . whatever he hear he be not like . you have a appointment with miss Robertson ? berlin yes , Sir . goodridge as she 's a member of my staff , may I ask what this be about ? berlin well , apparently , she see amber the weekend she leave , &amp ; be briefly in the room with the guy she leave with . goodridge I see .. well , she 's teach an- other class at four .. I would apprec - iate it if you do not detain she .. 32 : int . corridor . institute . day . look back down a desert corridor . someone try to put sun - shine on the wall with yellow paint . somewhere a long way away there be a sound like child sing . ross loathes this joint . loathes its silence . eye back to berlin as he ring a doorbell . ross where be everyone ? berlin I dunno .. I guess this be staff side of the building ? here come footstep and the door be open by helena robertson . early 20 's and blonde and not immediately beautiful . but delic - eat feature than need no make up and big dark eye . they look away for introduction as though she 's shy . ross &amp ; berlin grab glance as they follow in . neither expect helena to be blind . 33 : int . apartment . institute . day . claustrophobia evaporate instantly . great view down the val - ley from every window . plus a bizarre jumble of furniture and color . but no picture on the wall . no friendly photograph . nor any light . although the afternoon be shutting down there be not a light in the room . ross elect to stay at the window . berlin take a offer chair . helena sit nervously opposite . helena what d' you wanna ask , Mr Ross ? berlin I be Mr Berlin . Mr Ross be right here . and Mr Ross be maybe gonna take a few note , if that 's o.k .? ( she nod ) o.k. .. I would like you to tell I in what ever way you want , what you can remember about the time you spend with amber on the aft - ernoon she leave ? take you time , and nothing 's too trivial , o.k. helena well , I think I tell you on the phone .. I go up to she room to say good - bye , and we just sit on the bed and chatted a while , while she friend be come in and out collect she thing .. berlin what kind of friend ? be he a boy friend ? a old friend ? New friend ? lot of headshake . and lot of silence . " I really do not know . " that 's o.k . can you give I any idea what this fellow be like ? ( headshake ) well , d' you know how old he be ? ( headshake ) alright , let I put it this way ? how old d' you think I be ? twenty - six ? thirty -nine ? or fifty - three ? helena fifty -three . possibly the only grin ross be go to get out of this place . berlin you must have some idea about he . helena when we speak on the phone , do you know I be blonde ? berlin no . helena why not ? you hear my voice ? a good point . and a point take . and berlin might even say so . we do not have some kind of sixth - sense , you know . ex - cept in ridiculous novel .. now another silence overtaken by a low whistle in another room . he use a breath freshener ... a sardonic headshake from ross . well that solve the case then ! and I think he name be John ? berlin John ? .. you never say that on the phone ? .. what make you think he name be John ? helena I do not know . I guess she must have call he John ? I be mak - ing tea . would you like some ? berlin would but ross would not . she leave and whisper begin . berlin this look promise .. I think this one could be it ? ross thank Christ we get a witness . berlin let I just keep go a while . she might remember something ? ross what ? she 's blind , bro . you may as well ask one of this Beethoven guy on the piano ? he thumb a cluster of cheap bust of composer on a upright . we be better off have another pop at old abe lincoln down the - be ? get angry with the prick . get some of he " useful vision " in ? someone must have see something ? negative from berlin . checked it out . Sunday and no one about . this be fucken crazy . two hour here , two hour back , and the only word I have write be John .. a touch later and the sun be set . ross stand at a window to watch it go . watch one or two car drive away . watch a bird sit outside on the fire-escape . berlin 's voice can just about be hear off screen " you say he speak ? can you be - member what he say ? " ross saunter back into helena 's answer . helena well , he just say , come on , hurry up , will you , because it 's start to snow again . empty teacup and empty notebook . ross sit opposite berlin . and I remember , he be a light - tle breathless from carry the case because the elevat - or have go out that weekend . berlin the elevator be not work ? helena no , it have a mind of its own . a clock strike four somewhere . and berlin know he 's lose it . berlin can I see you hand ? helena my hand ? he take she hand and helena immediately look uncomfortable . he examine scar and she stare at he with she useless eye . I have a class . I have to go . berlin be there anything else you can tell I ? anything about he or she ? do not matter how small ? helena no. except he smoke . like you . berlin I ? helena yes , I could smell it on he breath , like I can on you 's . a taut instant between ross and berlin . berlin catch out and he know it . ross roar in silence " you lying pig " and write in he notebook . the angle switch to see " berlin be a liar . " I be late .. I really have to go .. everyone suddenly on they foot and helena get into a jacket . berlin D ' you have a dog ? see Eye Dog ? helena no . berlin lotta scratch -mark on you door ? helena sometimes I look after friend dog , if they go to dance , or something ? ross could I just refer you to this memo here , sergeant ? he try to get he notebook under berlin 's nose . but berlin be not look or listen but follow helena into she hall . berlin do amber have a dog ? helena yes . berlin what color be it ? helena I do not know . she open the door and ross be barely through before it slam . 34 : int . corridor . institute . day . ross bait berlin up the corridor . ridicules in silence while count imaginary winning . watch my lip ! f.i.f.t.y. helena walk innocent of the pantomime and berlin try to ignore it . berlin .. if she write , or call , or any - thing at all , you let I know , o.k. he bell the elevator refuse to acknowledge ross 's bullshit . I will leave a number with the office .. lip drill a whisper into he ear . " fifty fucken dollar , o.k . " what exactly do you teach , helena ? helena Music composition .. and cello .. ross fifty of they . and I want they now . meanwhile the elevator arrive trigger a Voice . " you be now on the FOURTH floor . " Doors slide open and Christ look at this ? what kind of eye-defect need glass like this ? lense like ei- the half of a glass ball . he 's early 30' and decidedly " iffy . " be he student / staff or what ? as he exit they enter stare aft - er he . as the door close the myopic turn to stare after they . 35 : int . chevrolet . trinity valley . dusk . ross drive and berlin study amber 's file . " wanna beer ? " no answer but can appear anyway from a pack between Ross 's leg . berlin have a see Eye Dog since she be eighteen .. do not I tell you that dog mean something .. ross no , you do not . berlin alright , I do not , but I nearly do , and if I have I would have be right .. I know there be some - thing about that labrador , that dog be too good to be dead .. we gotta get back up that dump .. ross no way .. not I , mister . I be not go up there again . might find someone 's prick in a hot -dog roll . berlin we be go . ross forget it . they get stringent hyg - iene rule . he 's long go in lime . ross pop can and hand one over . but berlin do not want it . berlin maybe not ? I be feel lucky .. ross so be I . but where 's my money ? berlin do not start again . if you win a bet , you can not keep win it .. ross pay I , and I shut up . berlin I have not get it . ross then give I that Zippo . berlin why ? ross I need some security . I do not trust you anymore . berlin I have one puff on a pipe . ross I do not want excuse , I want that weird - look stuff call " cash . " snap finger " gimme the lighter . " and he do to shut he up . I will tell you what I be gonna do ? I be gonna do you a big favor .. forget the 50 and I will keep this . berlin what do you want it for ? ross to throw out of the window . do it as he say it . bye - bye Zippo ! berlin can not believe it . berlin what be you do , Ross ? I have have that 15 year ! .. ross it 's not you friend . it keep you suck . remem - ber the old bum 's lung ? berlin I remember the old bastard 's liver ! I do not believe you do that . I have a great send - imental attachment to that . ross you want I to stop the car ? a academic question consider the Zippo go down a ravine . berlin no ! get I to that garbage dump ! I be gonna find that fuck dog ! 36 : ext . CITY dump . CITY of eureka . night . gloom congeal around flashlight . a winter mist fall down . trimble and doberman watch as berlin go at it with a shovel . a dozen grave already dig and he 's halfway into another . Des - pite the cold he sweat in shirt sleeve . also breathless and rest to catch he wind . " do not you have to go to bed ? " no he do not . he want to see the victim . digging recommence with trimble supplying the light . berlin suddenly stop . " get that lamp down here . " White lime . Black fur . they have find the Dog . berlin begin a examination hold a tiny flashlight in he tooth . eye excitedly back to trimble and gesture towards a bag . " that bag there . you find a knife and a paira long - nose plier . " trimble do it relishing the snap of a switch - blade . berlin still busy with the light in he mouth . trimble piss because he can not see what 's happen . berlin remove a crump - lead bullet from the back of the labrador 's skull . hold it up for scrutiny . small calibre . badly distort . " look like a 22 ? " berlin you do not shoot he do you ? trimble I .. I love dog .. ask he ? 37 : int . anti room / administration . police station . day . letter big as a house . and loud . the printer reciprocate as fast as its mechanic be capable . detail come in from San Diego . vicap case number / f.b.i. case number / victim status / etc etc . letter smack into paper too fast to read . but one de - tail be repeat constantly and underline . " Identity unknown . " transmission end and berlin haul at least a yard of homicide out of the machine . can not believe what he 's look at . " Jesus . he hit six . " read as he walk back into the big room and get interrupt by a call . " miss Robertson . holding . " he head for the phone with eye follow ann " find Ross for I , will you ? " berlin ( phone ) Berlin .. yeah .. that 's nice of you , helena , but I already find out .. black , yes .. no , no , of course not , good of you to call .. you hear a what ? .. a hollow car ? a hand shove papers at the edge of he vision . taylor look a mite cheesy . " you get a minute for this ? " and berlin nod sure . yes , I be still here .. why do not you mention that ? .. I see .. Al - right , we should talk again .. no , I be just south of my eye-lid in it right now .. how about Sunday ? 38 : ext . coast road . humboldt BAY . eureka . day . the first shine day of November . Sand dune and a infinite stretch of beach . behind the sea-break be a lagoon and a tiny harbor . Berlin 's mercede descend the coast road towards it . 39 : ext . harbor . humboldt BAY . eureka . day . Ross 's boat be a 35 foot fisherman . shine brass and varnish . but like he it 's get on and often grumpy . this last qual - ity presently evident in both . engine roaring and ross be cov - ere in oil . berlin have to shout above the racket to be hear . berlin .. I put the slug in for a ballis - tics report , the man tell I , for get it . Soft lead , it 's worthless .. I think , fuck it . and fuck citrine . I call a friend of mine in Los ang - ele , and he run we whole damned show through a main - frame look for anything similar to we lady shot with a twenty - two - you do not believe what he find in San Diego .. ross detour eye to wave at he Son . " watch that revs there . " would you shut it down a minute - ute , Ross ? this be important . ross signal bobby to turn off . and the diesel splutter down . ross alright , let 's take a walk around the block .. I gotta buy a gasket .. 40 : ext . quay / harbor . humboldt BAY . day . seagull and sunshine and probably Saturday because the place be busy . ross walk with berlin up a wooden quay . they journ - ey will take they across a small bridge towards a Marine shop . berlin six girl over a period of 18 month , and give or take a head or two , the m.o. 's exactly the same . Dark hair . no hand . all shot with a high velocity twen - ty-two in the back of the head . ross how come the f.b.i. do not put anya this together ? they work - ed over " Jennifer " for month ? berlin they possibly do - but they nev - er have a head , so they never have a bullet - and they never get a i.d. - not on any of they - never bust a homicide unless you know who you victim be - we be the first to get a positive identity . ross Identity of whom ? you get a girl , do not even have a driver 's lic - ense ? .. she 's untraceable , John .. you need fifty detective on this . berlin that 's what I be here for . I want you to come and see citrine with I ? he 's not gonna here it from I but I know he would listen to you . ross listen to I say what ? berlin I wanna take that fuck blind in - stitute to piece .. every address book , every phone call , everyone in and outta there in the last 5 year .. ross for a dead dog ? berlin we have fuse into a major series , Ross . this girl be not the second victim . this be " Jennifer eight . " and this be the second time they stop and stare at each other . that old wino on the heap be not a suicide . he stumble into some - thing , see something , and whoever take he out know how to fake it . ross that be not what you say before . berlin I be wrong . say it with remarkable humility consider he 's the " expert . " I be go in to see citrine this afternoon . will you come with I ? ross you be not .. he 's in hospital .. he be try out a new pair of skis in he hallway . the phone ring , and he go for it , and fall off . he must be the only skier in Northern California to break a leg in he live room . they arrive at the Chandler 's with berlin in no mood to smile . berlin you believe I , do not you ? ross what do it matter what I bel - ieve ? .. what you gotta worry about be what citrine believe .. but he do not really believe it . and do not enjoy say no . but I can not help you with this . we can not go through the door with two contentious issue , you with a mass murderer , and I with the Mayor 's best friend . do that , we lose both . I be sorry , bro , you be on you own . 41 : ext . trinity valley . day . ( helicopter ) the mercede and Music travel north . the latter make sinister by this landscape . Forest plunging into dark ravine . the sun color the mountain red . but most of the valley be in shadow . 42 : ext . drive / parking . shasta -trinity institute . day . a high wind in the chimney . and the view be still from above . like someone 's look down from the top of the building . and maybe someone be ? berlin park it and get out . stretch and walk towards the institute . he look very small from up here . 43 : int . gymnasium . institute . day . helena play elgar in a empty gymnasium . sunlight stream in stain the air red . as berlin arrive door on the opposite wall flap together like somebody just hurried out . do he see someone ? perhaps not . the tree outside move a lot of shadow . Music stand . vacant chair . berlin take one to watch she be - hearse . realize just how beautiful she be . and helena realiz - es someone be there . before she can ask he identify himself . helena have you be here long ? berlin no , just a minute or two .. I knock on you door - no one home , so I follow the music .. helena I be sorry . I will get my thing . berlin no problem . I be not in a hurry . but she 's already fussing about stuff sheet music in a bag . matter of fact , I see a little restaurant place down the road . look kinda pretty ? I think maybe we could have some lunch ? no answer but the answer be no . berlin find she book for she . alright , whatever .. be some - one in here with you ? when I come in the door be flap ? helena I do not think so .. no one come here at the weekend .. 44 : int . staircase . institute . day . the gale shout its head off . the camera look down from above . nothing to see except the stairwell and a hand on the banister . helena ( o.s. ) I suppose I be the worst witness you have ever have ? berlin ( o.s. ) I gotta admit , you be one of they . just wish I know what you mean by a " hollow car ? " helena ( o.s. ) well , some car sound fat and some car sound thin , and this kind of car sound " hollow " .. any moment now they turn a corner of the stair into close -up . maybe it be a foreign car ? we kinda car sound " fat . " the elevator be park on this floor with its door half open . be you sure you wanna see it ? it 's another three floor up ? despite breathlessness he do . " how often do it break down ? " oh , all the time . they keep threaten to have it be - place , but they never will . 45 : int . attic apartment . institute . day . gloomy window and a wardrobe . berlin walk in leave helena at the door . " I sit right there , on the bed . " the bed be go but why tell she ? he check the wardrobe . guess what ? hangers . helena if I come to the diner with you , would you bring I back ? berlin of course I would .. his smile deteriorate as he realize she 's " stare " at he . what be you stare at , hel - ena ? .. I mean .. I be sorry .. helena that 's alright . you suddenly remind I of he .. he be stand right where you be , kind of breathless , like you . nothing happen except the wind . then a smile as she leave . I will get my coat , wait for you downstairs .. and he begin a exploration . musty bathroom with old - fashion - ed fixture . a tap leak behind shower curtain . nothing in the cabinet . nothing under the sink . six step and he be in a kitchen . finally find something worth look for . tear the sack out of a vacuum cleaner . discover a knot of hair from a black dog . simultaneously the door slam . shock power he in - to the sit room in time to hear a key turn in the lock . Hit the door and shout . hear footstep move rapidly away . 46 : int . reception . institute . day . a huge Christmas poster advertise shasta - trinity art / craft . helena sit in the desert foyer read braille . the volume be the size of a phone directory . berlin appear via the main entrance . windswept and waste and surprised she 's still here . berlin I be sorry , someone slam the door on I . I could not get out . helena it be probably the wind . hellava wind that turn a key ! but he say nothing . take the book while she get into she coat . she 's obviously make a ef- fort . a change of clothes and she hair pin up . but she have get the sweater on inside out and the label be under she chin . berlin what be you read ? helena hamlet . have you read it ? berlin no . helena you should . it 's wonderful . by now they be at the door with berlin escort she through . 47 : int . restaurant / diner . trinity valley . day . Red brick wall and help yourself to salad . all but empty and they food be yet to arrive . berlin be clearly have a tough time with the conversation . basically because there be not any . berlin .. I will tell you what , if I prom - ise to stop be a cop , will you promise to stop be a witness ? helena sit freeze like she 's wait for result of a x-ray . I mean , we do not havta sit here wait for I to ask the next question ? you could ask one , too ? helena be you wear a uniform ? berlin no . helena oh. berlin well , I be glad we get the conver - sational side of lunch over with . helena I be sorry .. I do not like sit in the middle of a restaurant .. I feel like everyone 's look at I .. berlin there 's no one " look at you " .. there 's hardly anyone in here . the only person look at you , be I . and he like what he 's look at . and maybe helena sense it . helena be you marry ? berlin be . but I do not like to talk about it . helena you just ask I to ask you question . berlin I know , but you pick on the one time in my life I like not to remember . I be in the bad land . really not well . it 's something that happen to a lota cop . we do not wanna talk about that . helena " thought that lie too deep for tear . " berlin yeah , that will do .. be that " hamlet ? " helena no , wordsworth .. do you like poetry ? his attention be temporarily elsewhere . a lunch Party just arr - ived . it 's clear goodridge be profoundly unhappy to see berlin . berlin I do not know , I have not read much . I do not think poetry 's my kinda thing ? helena do you pray ? berlin pray ? helena you say , you be in the bad land ? berlin no , I do not pray .. have a dream once , about God , just around the time I be get well .. he be a nasty lookin little guy , move into the apartment right on topa I .. I say , do not you listen to people 's prayer ? he say , prayer ? not often . they're junk mail . 48 : int . mercede sedan . shasta -trinity institute . day . Big pine either side of the driveway . the camera sit in the back more interested in the approach institute than berlin . berlin .. I get really sick of the street .. so I go to school and become a Scientific service Officer , which be basically a scene of crime off - icer . then this come up , and I get what they call a lateral transfer .. pull into a parking spot and the next sound be the hand brake . I could not take another minute of Los Angeles .. felt like I would say sorry in every street in the city .. helena sorry ? berlin .. sorry you father , mother sis - ter , whatever .. I could not take another day of it .. come on , I be gonna rob you of a cup of coffee .. 49 : ext / int . FIRE escape / apartment . institute . dusk . berlin look down from the fire escape . for the first time the place sound busy . Cars arrive and door slamm . voice of student come back from the weekend . " why be you out there ? " helena wait inside and do not realize he be back in the room . helena coz I want to feel the snow on my face .. I think that 's when I hear she call he John ? time to go and both know it . stale shadow and grow silence . be it snow now ? berlin no. get dark though . and he eye be search she so hard she must be aware of it . you think you would know this man ? if he be in the room with you again ? helena you have already ask I that .. the silence be almost uncomfortable . berlin continue to stare . amber 's dead , be not she ? berlin yes . I be sorry . 50 : ext . suburban STREET . CITY of eureka . day . pretty house in a pretty little street . Hills in the back and sunshine out front . berlin pull up in he mercede and do a bit of tie adjust as he walk up a path and hit the chime . this could only be mrs citrine . a budget smile and he 's inside . 51 : int . " studio " / conservatory . house . day . dozen of repulsive painting . a truly repulsive painting " by number " of the mona Lisa in progress . the color code be com - pletely fuck up . citrine wear a wooly hat and hate walk on crutch . berlin pick a bad day to come in here with this . citrine you be push this too hard . it 's like you want I to say stop ? you must know that 's the way this be go , John ? there 's other work to do , why do not ya ease off a little ? berlin coz this be a major &amp ; we be closer to this bastard than anyone 's ever be . citrine then where 's the body ? .. where 's the body , and why 's he hide it ? berlin he have not hide it . he never make a hit this far north before , and he never read a weather forecast .. she 's probably fifteen foot from the highway , three foot under snow . citrine have you get a match on the bullet ? berlin no . citrine have you get a print from the hand ? berlin no , Sir . citrine it could be anyone 's hand . illeg - ally dispose of hospital debris .. berlin it 's she hand . her scar . her dog . her dog 's shot . and she 's miss . citrine she 's not " miss . " do she shout ? do she scream ? do he coerce she ? no . she leave of she own free will .. and if she get on a plane and go to Peru with the prick , she 's still not miss . you get no case , John . berlin if you be not gonna hear I , Chief .. citrine I have hear you . you just do not like hearing I . you get this whole damned thing outta proportion . I do not know what you get use to in Los Angeles , but I do not believe there 's a Police Chief , in this country , would put a task force together for a body part .. berlin we have a multiple homicide , Sir .. citrine we have a body part in suspicious circumstance - a tailor 's dummy wear a brassiere - and a bill for seventeen dollar for its wig ! 52 : int . corridor / administration . police station . day . berlin arrive at the station in the same mood he leave citrine . head for he room and run into ross 's stare . problem on he plate too . he sit at he desk look uncharacteristically an- xious . what ever he 's drink be not tea . he find a bottle of j&amp ; B in a drawer and walk toward Berlin 's freshly slam door . 52 : int . crime lab . police station . day . the lab be stuff with junk wait he attention . ( dozen of common thing make sinister by they label and plastic sack ) . ross deliver a dose of scotch in a plastic cup . pour himself another . leans on a bench and get into the piss - off silence . ross do he shut you down ? berlin all but .. how you do ? ross I dunno , I dare not go in there - just about get she wire up , and the fuck mayor walk in - mad as hell - what be we do fuck - ing with he staff ? we should be out chase major violator .. berlin I wish he would tell that to citrine . he almost do the whiskey but reach for chew gum instead . he think the kid shot the dog .. he look at ross like what - are- you-looking - at-me-like - that -for ? he do not . ross do I say he do ? berlin you look like you do ? ross no , I think you will find I look like he could have ? by accident even ? he 's up here spraying the scenery all day . berlin he do not shoot it , Ross . and no way by accident . there 's a flash -burn . it be point-blank . serato walk in with a cigarette plugge into he ashen kisser . serato Flying color ... ross say you do not say that , angelo ? serato I say it . ross oh my God mother 's shit . be we in it ? 54 : int . anti room / interrogation . police station . day . this room and the interrogation room be link with a one - way mirror . berlin look through munch gum . emerson be 25 year old and many pound of vex flesh . but something about she ex - pression expect apology . serato pace the place chain-smok . ross listen devastate as the expert explain he lousy chart . expert this be the important one . she get a dead straight line , and that 's a exceptional read .. serato .. this be the stupidest thing we ever do . Fucking citrine 's gonna fire one of we for this .. ross I can not believe it . I just know she someway bust it . expert this be a honest girl . she could not lie if she try .. berlin be she lie , Ross ? for a moment there be a intense trust between ross and berlin . ross yes . alright fuck it . let 's go for break . berlin grab the read out . fuele on residual anger he vanish out the door . ross be fir - st at the mirror to see he reappear in the interrogation room . 55 : int . interrogation room . police station . day . the polygraph machine look like state of the art . a table and two chair . berlin take one and sit opposite emerson . she at - tempt a smile but he kill it with the intensity of he stare . berlin my name 's sergeant John Berlin . and the time be he . he know what he 's do . and she do not . I be a policeman 17 year : 16 year 9 month of which with the l.a.p.d . I witness literally hundred of lie-detector test , and I never see one like this ? emerson what d'ya mean , sergeant ? berlin well , look at it . look at this line ? that 's the important one . Dead straight down the page . no - body get a dead straight down the page . even we expert say a dead straight 's " exceptional . " all he 's do be tell she truth . up to she to interpret it . think you might wanna comment ? a tongue slide through the lipstick like something be bear . emerson I be not actually lie , Officer . and suddenly the only thing hold she chop up be Max factor . he 's get she on the roll now and all it need be one more push . berlin you bust the box , lady ! you flunk - ed it .. you lie about thing you do not need to lie about .. the only truthful statement you make 's you name .. you name be Carol emerson ? the quivering lip and flooding eye amalgamate into a horrible sort of groan . she 's belly up and anxious to spill she bean . berlin better get through the door fast because he might laugh . you tell one more lie , you be go - ing in a cell . sergeant Ross be come in to take you statement . 56 : ext . ross's boat . humboldt BAY . eureka . day . a wave atomize and come down like silver champagne . helena &amp ; berlin hang on the prow of the boat with the ocean rush bel - ow . another wave and more spray for helena . she turn like get - ting sea in you face be the best invention ever . oilskin sit - urate and she hair stream and she know he 's loving it too . 57 : int . wheelhouse . boat . day . Sunshine &amp ; spray on the windshield . ross at the wheel with mar - gie next to he . eye on berlin &amp ; helena play like child . margie such a shame .. she 's a really sweet kid .. ross she 's a doll . but I wish he have not bring she out here . stair descend to a cabin and ross interrupt himself to shout . Bobby , what happen to that beer ? rule one , be you do not diddle around with a witness . margie he 's happy , darlin .. ross I be sure he be . but gettin in - to the " element " be a bad idea . bobby clatter up the stair clutching a six pack of budweiser . tell they I be go up the coast a way , get out of this weather . bobby exit the wheelhouse and walk they eye back to helena . margie ( o.s. ) except for the hair color , she look just like Suzanne ? ross ( o.s. ) well , that 's who she be . cept she can not run away . 58 : ext . fishing deck above wheelhouse . boat . day . wind over and sea content and anchore about a mile from shore . smoke from a die barbecue and nat King Cole croon " unforget - able . " ross sport shade and sit stare down the line . some - one play lousy guitar and he shift eye into the well of the boat . helena teach bobby to play chord . hardly worth the ef- fort but they be enjoy it . berlin look down from the oppos - ite side of the deck . his gaze interrupt by margie " you want another Coke , honey ? " sure he do and she eye travel to ross . margie you want something , darling ? ross I would not mind another b.e.e.r. in code so berlin will not understand . but he and ross swap grin . how much longer you on that diet ? berlin I be do it by the day ... margie climb the stair with drink and drink a beer herself . popped can change the subject . this seem like a question ber - lin do not really want to ask &amp ; margie do not want to answer . how 's you little sister ? margie she 's in Europe .. berlin work ? clearly a sensitive subject and ross decide the truth be best . ross she marry some English prick . margie he 's not that bad of a guy ..? ross get a handshake like a partially excited penis . the joke do not reach berlin . margie 's hand be on he shoulder . margie her loss , darlin .. and she head for the lower deck . a sweet smile as she descend . anyway , you be do o. K. she 's a sweet heart . and also play the guitar " in my life . " and she do it well . ross why 's she blind , bro ? berlin car accident . slow bang of something sway . and this exchange go slow . Whole family wipe out . ross no shit . a bleeper go on one of the line and ross twist in he seat . strap I in . here come another . and he wind in yet another three quarter of a pound mackerel . worst day 's fishing I ever have .. berlin it 's be a great day . ross dexterously extract the hook with serious eye on berlin . ross you just go easy , brother ... ( look at fish ) alright , we be all goin home . 59 : ext . car park at beach . dusk . darkness in about a hour . Wide over the car park . Sand dune surround it . practically desert of car . headlights snap on focus attention on a station wagon exchange of good - by . helena ( v.o. ) I really like margie .. silhouettes with exaggerated shadow walk across the car park . what do she do ? berlin ( v.o. ) she run a kind of hair dress - ing and you know , beauty salon .. helena ( v.o. ) have you know she long ? berlin ( v.o. ) I be marry to she sister .. the angle change and be closer now . helena have take he arm . you do not ask what I be like ? helena I know what you be like .. berlin how d' you know what I be like ? helena Ross tell I . berlin really ? what do he say ? helena he say you be quite chubby . and you have a nervous tick . berlin he say that ? what else do he say ? helena just you age . berlin which be what ? helena fifty-seven .. I do not mind .. berlin be more amused than annoyed . they arrive at the car and he suggestion be meet with a appropriate response from helena . berlin you wanna drive ? c'mon we be in a car park , mile from any - where .. there 's nothing arou - no but nothing and sand dune .. " I can not drive a car . " do not like car . but he 's not hearing . c'mon it will be fun . you can drive I around in circle .. no lady ever have a drive lesson like this before . berlin all but sit in she seat . Arm on the back of it . Hand on the wheel . for a split second they be do 60 . now they be do about 4 . the mercede spiral in widen circle . instruction and enc - ouragement from berlin .. o.k. .. straight now .. the mercede straighten and head through the dune . " it 's a big car park ? " we be go along a little track . helena may like drive but she do not like the sound of that . it 's o.k . it 's not a public road . headlights behind they approach quickly . disappear and reappear as they follow the geography of the dune . berlin only now bec - ome aware of they . one more dip and they slam in . her anxiety be misinterpreted . he take the wheel . no problem . let he pass . the vehicle be right up behind they . as it overtake helena be scared . and still scared even though berlin have stop the car . it 's alright , I be sorry . it be my fault , it be not a good idea . helena that be the " hollow car , " John . just time to see tail light of a van disappear in the gloom . berlin a volkswagen van ? be you sure ? 60 : int . live room . berlin' house . night . rain lash the window . but a lot of improvement inside . New paint and now carpet . not a lot of furniture but it look nice enough . there 's even a fire in the grate . berlin sit at a tab - le on the phone . the Voice he 's hearing will [ talk in bracket ] berlin [ phone ] .. [ be it a two door , slide door , a what ? ] I do not know [ well , you gotta get closer than just a v.w. van . you - be talk maybe 10 / 15 thousand veh - icle ? ] what happen if you just run the name " John " against all of they ? head for a sofa . Paperback of " hamlet . " tv on without sound . [ frankly , that be not gonna do you any good . you will be knock on door all over the state . you gotta request though - se " Jennifer " file - maybe something in they , give we some kinda reference ? ] Christmas ad interrupt the movie . berlin sigh in frustration . start doodling on the paperback . Shakespeare acquire glass . I can not request anything right now .. push one more inch , I lose the lot .. [ well , listen , I will run the Bay Area for you . but if you want a print - out of every John in California with a V. W. van , that 's gotta be official . I be sorry ] .. that 's o.k . thank you , Dan .. 61 : int . chief' office . police station . day . a painting of Ronald Reagan fill the screen . so awful it 's al - most impressive . next to it be a formal photograph of the City Mayor ( Mr heineman ) . berlin continue to wait with eye switch - ing to a picture of the Taj Mahal . " I love to paint . " he turn as citrine walk in . " it 's not great art , but I change the col - or . " head for he desk and sit dispense with the crutch . citrine I be shutting you down on this " blind thing , " John . berlin be that my punishment for embarrassing Mr heineman ? citrine do not underestimate I .. the Mayor 's piss - but that 's nothing to do with this - sit down - how many time have you be up at that institute ? berlin Three or four . citrine I be talk , outside the girl ? berlin once . citrine get a letter from this goodridge guy ? say , you be upsetting he student ? berlin that 's bullshit , citrine he say , you freak one of they out ? ( reading the letter ) " ask a newly blind kid if he can ' see , ' be both cruel , and dangerous " .. he float the letter across the desk and hear the explanation . berlin I never ask if he could " see . " I just ask one or two of the stud - ent if they remember anything ? citrine and do they ? berlin no . citrine rub he forehead in preparation to change the subject , citrine I be not a nasty man , John , I be a nice man .. I get a lot of Christmas card ( a lot of card on the wall ) .. and I be get a lot of complaint . the guy you replace be something you - be not - a lazy sonovabitch - but the reality be , I be get a faster ser - vice outta popeye than I be outta you .. I can not allow this to continue , John .. if there be any argument to be have berlin would be argue it . I do not want you up at that institute again .. and I be flat - out about that .. I be sorry , I know it mean something to you - you can go tell you witness if you feel you must - but as far as you be concerned , the case be close .. 62 : ext . CITY STREET . CITY of eureka . night . color light strung across the street . symptom of Christmas everywhere . store window full of trashy decoration and every - thing soluable in mist . ross and berlin develop out of it like Polaroid . they destination be a dingy look downstairs bar . berlin God , it piss I off , Ross . ross no God , brother . if there be a God , ass would not be at the perfect height for kick . 63 : int . " angela' bar . " CITY of eureka . night . this be the local copper 's bar . it 's full of cigarette smoke &amp ; copper . laughter &amp ; sugar music . " I will be see you . " " sentim - ental journey . " either one of this be play . familiar face among that drink at the bar . the forty -two - year - old blonde serve they be busy . she be in possession of very big breast . venable can I buy you a beer , sergeant ? ross do not try and ingratiate you - self with I , venable . but just this once I will have a Heineken .. and John here will have one , too . ross poke venable a surreptitious 20 with eye on the blonde . right now she 's far end of the bar deliver a beer to bisley . ( look at that amazingly Bos - om ) you wanna beer , King jay ? taylor no , I gotta go .. I be night .. taylor get a last cough out of a cigarette before stubbing it . blattis gimme a ride ? taylor sure .. and he 's already gather he shit and halfway into he jacket . how 's that hand - job comin along , John ? berlin make a gesture he would have trouble understanding himself . ross hey , we be not talk " talk " tonight . taylor no one 's gonna make that gent . six month investigation , &amp ; the nearest we get , we think he be a sailor . berlin a sailor ? by now taylor be move through the crush of face behind they . taylor yeah , in and outta Frisco on the big boat .. every lead we have go right out to sea .. night , night , freddy T .. John .. berlin how come he 's suddenly so forth - come ? I would like to kick he right in the ass . if he would discuss it with I , I mighta get somewhere .. ross stop it . berlin I never know about the sailor the - ory , Ross . he might have that one little thing I need in he file ? ross John , stop it . the case be on its ass , you be close . ( reaches for a menu . ) c'mon , let it go for once .. have a drink . c'mon , relax , drink you beer .. and just that one moment of insanity as berlin downs it in one . alright .. let 's have some wine .. 64 : int . booth . " angela' bar . " night . a shabby booth with black and white of the two unrecognizable celebrity who eat here . hamburger be almost over and a bot - tle of wine almost drunk . both look tank and especially ross . ross you gotta stop call Los Angeles .. you be drag L.A. around with you like a addiction . look at the shit you be put yourself through ? for what ? for nothing , I know it , I be there . remember I ? up to my asshole in anger , live off the vitamin in cigarettes ? if there 's a body under the snow , fuck it . let somebody else worry about it . you gotta accept you stop live in that world , &amp ; try and give yourself a break in this .. berlin just make to so God damned mad .. ross you be a fuck great policeman , but give yourself a break . you be here 5 minute , you find yourself a fuck homicide ? .. not many people could do that in a place like this .. and you gotta admit , there 's a lot of shaky area in this case ? .. I mean , stop I if I be go up the wrong nostril .. waving he empty at the bar ross communicate need for another . how d' you know this girl be not lie to you .. not lie as such , but mak - ing up stuff to keep you come back ? berlin she be not lie about the van . ross alright , she be not lie about the van . but it could have be any van ? any little foreign diesel ? .. she 's blind , bro .. it 's sad .. she 's pro - bably lonely , and you be a nice guy to have around .. but you be get far too far into the element , brother .. berlin sure . ross you do not need I to tell you what hap - pen when you get emotionally involved ? berlin alright , enough , Ross . you will bring on my " nervous tick " ... 65 : int . administration . police station . night . very late and the only light come from coloured bulb pulsing on a Christmas tree . apparent berlin have have too much to drink . make it to he desk and shuffles at the message . one be just about important enough to get a close - up . " time 18:52 : subject : a man call dan stanley telephoned : say there be 109 johns with volkswagen van in BAY area : will teletype info this p.m . " 66 : int . crime lab . police station . night . berlin finish type something . tear it out and seal it in a envelope . shirt sleeve and yawn . he slump in the chair &amp ; stare at " Jennifer 8 . " fuck this for a Friday night . he 's have enough of it . grab several envelope and turn out the light . 67 : int . admin / office . police station . night . berlin emerge from one office and head for another . j.k. tay - lor on the door . deliver the envelope and a he way out when something detain he . light on the tree strobe through venit - ian blind . illuminate bit and piece of rattan . plus a board cover in Christmas card and a pair of steel filing cabinet . maybe motivate by the booze ? but a desk drawer be open almost before he realize it and he search for a key . nothing but a bunch of business card and family snap . Taylor with he moth - er Taylor with he sister ( red hair like he ) and Taylor with he Dog . the drawer slam and one underneath open . same flot - sam of personal junk . scotch tape and paper clip and more bus - iness card . a bottle of tablet and salad of loose ammo . fuck all else and he close the drawer . but what 's this ? a cane let - ter rack at the rear of the desk where he find a pair of key . excitement last as long as it take to try they . do not fit ei- the lock . now he 's stare at the shadow with nothing move but thought . a few moment more and he 's head for the door . 68 : int . office . police station . night . massive close - up of the lock . a weird look tool go in and another follow it . this bastard be not easy even for a expert . the frame widen to reveal berlin . he shuffles pick in a wall - et on top of the cabinet . be that a noise somewhere ? he stop to listen . wipe cold sweat away . only thief and fox about . a final twist and the lock deliver . several dozen manilla col - ore file from which to choose . a pair of folder title jenn - ifer travel to the desk . the first be full of press-cuttings &amp ; some gruesome look snap . next file and this one look more interesting ? a notebook full of random question / answer / comm - ent . a list of ship and sailing time . " must follow this up " underline twice . " can't over estimate importance . " also under - line . list of number . Street number ? vehicle number ? what - ever they might be be history because the neon just flashed on . taylor stand in the doorway . the surprise be mutual . the play one-side . this be already taylor 's game . smoke he cigarette . berlin be up to elbow in the jam jar and up to he to explain . berlin .. feel like I be get close to this guy .. and all the time , feel like I be sharpen a pencil with a break load .. I be sorry , King J .. taylor what be you look for ? berlin vehicle reference . taylor wrong cabinet . he gesture to the right one . berlin feel about 2 inch tall . I be gonna get some coffee . when you finish in here , maybe you will let I know ? .. I get a report to type up .. as he exit he toss a bunch of key . they crash uselessly on - to the desk . berlin look like he could not get a fuck with mud . 69 : ext . road . trinity valley . day . the mood be low as it go . and so be the angle . ultra low beh - ind the car . just road and a blur of tire . the frame widen &amp ; the mercede fill it . brake light on as it descend the hill . 70 : int . trinity valley / road . day . berlin in big close -up . his face like the Music . here come the gate of the Institute . as he turn in he stamp the brake . a van veer past he . nothing special about it except it 's a v.w. he watch it vanish up the hill with other thing on he mind . 71 : int . corridor . institute . day . Christmas vacation and the building sound desert . berlin 's foot step might be the only sound in the place . they stop and a bell ring . Ho try to assemble sox * kind of appropriate ex - pression . but as soon as she open the door it 's obsolete . hel - ENA look pretty as flower &amp ; delighted he 's here . she reach for he hand . and every new second make it a tougher goodbye . 72 : int . apartment . institute . day . oh Jesus look at this . she prepare he a surprise dinner . and she look so happy about it . a pathetic little table with cand - les and forget - me-not and can of diet Coke by he plate . he 's barely through the door and goodbye be already in deep trouble . helena I want it to be a surprise . berlin 's face get ready for something he do not say . why do she have to do this ? and why do not he tell she over the phone ? 73 : int . apartment . institute . dusk . a schubert sonata in the background . candle low and the atmos - phere junk . even already in the room and it feel like time to go . but first he 's gotta toll she something he do not want to hear himself . " would you like I to make some fresh coffee ? " berlin I have to talk to you , helena . helena I know . berlin you know ? how do you know ? helena coz you hardly say a word since you get here . but you be think pretty loud .. she stand and collect the cup and get halfway with a smile . I will make some more coffee . 74 : int . kitchen . apartment . dusk . a hiss of run water . Close on the kettle . Close on the tap . she know what he 's go to say . and now she 's alone she face do not mask she feeling . she 's miss he already . but do - not know why . simply know she do not want he to say goodbye . she reach high into a cupboard . her shirt stretch over she breast . Christ this girl have a great figure . carting hair out of she eye she return to the sink . for a instant she 's star - ing out of the window and right into somebody 's face . tall and weird look . but just a glimpse before he move rapidly away . 75 : int . apartment . dusk . berlin have move to the sofa . a shaft of dead sunlight cross the apartment . helena come in make a brave face of it . do - not realize he 's move . " I be here , helena . " and she smile and change direction . put the coffee tray on a table in front of he . no music now and all sound in close -up . Close on the lip of the coffee pot as she pour . Close on the cup she give he . everything close in helena 's world or she world would not exist . 76 : ext . ( p.o.v. from FIRE escape ) institute . dusk . not a lot to look at but the man be look in . from he p.o.v. he 's fortunate . helena sit face he but berlin have he back to the window . this sort of surveillance be always ominous and here be no exception . berlin 's explanation come with occasion - al use of hand . helena suddenly smile so it can not be all bad . they stand and berlin reach for he coat . helena cross the room . find she forget - me-not and now they be he at the door . as he take they he take she hand . kiss she finger tip and can not avoid embrace she . they kiss like awkward kid bump nose . finally part and disappear into the dark of the hallway . 77 : int . elevator / corridor . institute . dusk . berlin be already in the elevator . resist door determine to separate they . they shunt in and out perpetually inform he he 's on the 4th floor . " I will call , o.k . " she nod and release he hand . he watch she walk all the way back up the corridor . 78 : int . mercede sedan . trinity valley . night . headlights follow the meander road . another bend and light in the distance . in second he 's pass the diner . still open with car out front include the white volkswagen that nearly bust he fender . he 's not gonna stop . then decide to . make a U and pull in . Parks a couple of vehicle away from the van . 79 : int . kitchen / live room / bedroom . apartment . night . helena finish the dish . stack a last plate and close the cupboard . head back into the live room . something about the apartment do not sound right ? she follow the noise through a door into a bedroom . curtain dance in the darkness and behind they she find a half open window . curious because she do not remember leave it open ? secure it and silence the icy wind . 80 : ext . volkswagen van / car park . diner . night . berlin check the driver 's door . lock and he explore with a pencil-flashlight . move to a slide door at the side . simultan - eously the door to the diner open release a quartet of midd - le-age drunk . he dissolves while they bullshit around . laugh - ter in chill air . the comedian of the night keep himself amus - ed . joke about get into the wrong car with the wrong wife . berlin be not laugh " c'mon , you drunken fuck . get outta here . " 81 : int / ext . volkswagen van / car park . diner . night . a slide door roll open and berlin peer in . full of furniture and cardboard crate stencile " trinity institute - craft dept . " Worth the try but forget it . this bastard obviously have legit - imate business at the institute . take a last poke around with the light . spot something red . a cigarette butt cake in lip - stick . but what 's this white stuff ? some kind of powder spill from a capsule crush in the door rail . he pick it up for a look and get a bad one from behind ! " whatta you do , mister ? " berlin find himself face a irate look woman in she 20' . a lot of red hair and freckle . but definitely more frighten than angry . his Police Department badge be a instant sedative . give she some crap about thefts from vehicle round here . she should keep she door lock . she smile and think they be . berlin get you driver 's license ? she hand it across and he inspect it cause that 's what cop do . I notice you come outta the institute . you up there a lot ? woman oh , it be you that nearly run into I ? berlin no , it be you that nearly run into I .. you up there a lot ? woman I guess , more than usual this time of the year . my mother &amp ; I run a Arts &amp ; craft center , we buy a lot from the institute .. berlin where 's you store , amanda ? woman oakland . hand the license back and be already head for he mercede . berlin next pit-stop , you make sure you door be lock . merry Christmas . 82 : int . bathroom / live room . apartment . night . if there 's moonlight that 's the only light . nothing to see but a pair of large tap . nothing to hear but a bath fill . then something start bleep . it 's a liquid - level - indicator activ - ated by rise water . a hand search for tap . shut they off and silence the indicator . the frame expands to reveal helena . she move to a hand basin . find a brush and fix hair . find a clip and pin it up . Close as she kick off shoe . pantyhose descend on top of they . walk into the live room unbuttone she shirt . vanish into the bedroom and the camera wait . ret - urn with towel and the camera follow back into the bathroom . a creak hinge as she close the door . a dress gown hang on a hook . she reach for it and turn and virtually bump in - to the sonovabitch . dress in black and stealthy as a cat . he retreat a pace deeper into the darkness . just enough light to see he wear glass . and just enough light to see she undress . helena unzip she skirt . slide it down she lag . drape it on a chair . remove she shirt and hang it on the back . she wear a white brassiere and panty . and no apology for repetition . this be a fantastic body . she check water temperature . either too hot or too cold . either way a tap go on . now she reach behind she back . unclip she bra . get hit with dazzle light . the intruder be take photograph . and if this be he turn - on he 's in paradise . she stand in front of he in total oblivion . her panty join clothes on the chair . Nov she 's naked and now another picture . again the bathroom detonate with white light . his face be conceal by the camera . but this bastard be about to run out of luck . move in as she silence the tap . suddenly a lot of silence about . helena twist in panic . she just hear something ? do not she just hear something ? be somebody in here ? fear kill she scream . she hit at the darkness . but he 's go . 83 : int . live room / kitchen . berlin' house . day . Big close on telephone ringing . no one home except the machine and camera . the former answer on behalf of Berlin [ John , it 's I .. please call I .. I leave two message at the police stat - ion .. they say you be not there .. please , please , call I ] . the camera move on . Breakfast remain on the table . newspaper still in its wrap . out the window a bonfire rage in the yard . 84 : ext . yard . house . day . berlin clear rubbish from the garage . grime and sweat and the effort 's get he breathless . heaves another armful on the fire . the phone start ringing again . this time he decide to answer . 85 : int . corridor / admin . police station . day . berlin in a hurry to get there . footstep tell the story . fast up a corridor and through a door . face look as he cross the department . secretary and bisley and ross . but only one face of interest . taylor turn halfway through lighting a cigarette . " be you outta you fucken mind ? " taylor say nothing . " if any - thing happen to that girl , I be gonna break you fuck back . " taylor just easy on the word you be put in my face , sergeant .. ross whass go on here ? a question practically every expression in the place be ask . taylor his blind friend get " attack . " angelo go up there , and some - how , it get itself in the paper . berlin you put it in there . taylor I may have say some - thing . I do not recall . berlin do not lie , Taylor . I just have this blattis guy on the phone ask I for a comment - you give he the whole damned case ! taylor alright , I give he the case ? .. so the case be close , so what ? his indifference inflame berlin . smash the newspaper at he . berlin so read it ! you just hang a target around she neck ! taylor bullshit . berlin do not you know nothing about this guy ? he read the newspaper . col - lect the cutting . when be they gonna find she ? now he 's read helena Robertson 's name , phrase like she 's a fuck witness . you could not have do anything more stupid if you would sit down &amp ; try .. taylor hey , c'mon , country boy , let 's all line up and hear the expert . berlin just walk away from I , Taylor .. now the volume be go up . now the whole department be silent . taylor you think you be the only guy ever work a homicide ? I be a big-city cop too . and I bust - ed the clock on fucken Jennifer . I know more about this man than you will over know - and that 's how I know it be not he - you - be investigate a soap-opera .. ross alright , guy . we stop this now . taylor he tell she , " bye -bye , " and she get " attack . " well , give I a fuck break ! there be no " ser - ial killer . " stick she name up in neon , there 's still no serial kil - ler ! and I be not the only one say - ing it . everyone in this building be say it . and I mean everyone . " everyone " mean ross . berlin look at he . and he gaze hurt . ross shut up , King jay .. taylor no , c'mon , freddy , let 's have this out &amp ; over . you know what everyone think ? they think you be make a case cause you find yourself a nice piece of ass . and no one 's blame you for it , I hear she 's worth the flower . but do not come in here get - ting holy over we . sure I put it in the paper . coz I want to stop this bullshit . I do not want you drunk out - to you head search my office ag - ain . it 's pissing I , &amp ; everyone off . berlin you do not know what you do , Taylor . taylor if , you friend from San Diego be up here , and think for one out of two fucken second , she be a danger to he , he 'da take she out week ago .. his cigarette be already stubbed and he 's already walk away . why do not you get yourself a dict - ionary ? look up the word " witness ? " berlin I know what a " witness " be . taylor well , she , it be not . that bitch be blind as a blonde fucken bat . a big mistake mister Taylor . mister Berlin suddenly turn into Harrison Ford . taylor slam into filing cabinet right next to the Christmas tree . get berlin 's forearm under he throat and fuck lucky not to get the knuckle in he gut . both man be heaving . no volume necessary in this room of paralyze silence . berlin I be gonna do something you never do , Taylor . I be gonna catch this bastard . and when I do , he 's go - to find out just how good a " wit - ness " she be .. meanwhile , you be aware of I - cause I wish you ill .. berlin move away and the silence be brutal . nothing happen but bad vibe . ross and berlin exchange glance , and this shit be really bad . berlin vanish into he lab and the door slam . 86 : int . crime lab . police station . day . berlin and he dummy wear a bra and he photograph and he rage be all alone . and that 's how they wanna be . but the door open and here be ross . have to be a friend to survive in here . berlin nothing you gotta say do I wanna hear right now . so save yourself say it . ross I be not in here to apologize , John . I tell you what be gonna happen &amp ; it 's happen ? " good -bye , princess , " &amp ; the same night she get attack ? that 's a tough one to swallow , bro ? berlin I be already familiar with Taylor 's opinion . ross you do not really believe this ? berlin one hundred fuck per cent ! .. and you know why ? coz I never tell she good - bye . o.k .? be that good enough for the " committee ? " and as long as you like evaporate before ross can speak again . ross well .. I do not know that .. berlin no .. you do not know that .. berlin be drink whisky . stick another slug in the cup . now realize whose bottle this be . slam it somewhere on the bench . here . you leave you booze in here . ross who d' you think it be ? Ross get the kind of smile a smart guy would not give a idiot . you think it be he ? berlin that 's a very stupid question , Ross . ross I be ask it . berlin how the hell do I know who ? some jerk -off . some peeping - tom prick . his hand have find the switch - blade . a nasty click as it open . .. but definitely not he . this guy 's in the trade . he 's not go - to stand there look at she ass , if he 's in the room , she 's dead .. berlin put the knife in he dummy . if she 's alive . she 's dead . ross ease off , John .. berlin I be sick of this toy town shit . ross everything you say sound reason - able . but there 's also a reason - able explanation for the opposite . berlin do not give I that ! not another word ! when you have the fat Lady in there , and I ask you if she be lie , you look I right in the eye and say yes . so as far as I be concerned , she 's ly - ing . and if the King of fuck England have walk in &amp ; tell I different , I would not have bel - ieve he - because you tell I .. this atmosphere would stretch any friendship to break point . and now I be tell you . I be look you right in the eye and tell ya , there 's a " bad man " out there , and I do not know if he 's in the next room , or the next state : and I do not know what he trigger be ? but if he read she name in the newspaper , I believe he will be inclined to do something ab - out it . I have get a bad feel . and I be do this too long to be wrong . there be tough eye to look into . and ross finally look away . ross I dunno what I can do to help you ? berlin I dunno what I would do with you help . I have gotta take she out of there .. ross what about citrine ? berlin screw citrine . he can fire I . 87 : ext . landscape . country road . day . Wide over the countryside . the car be a long way off . a pretty magic look dawn . cow on hill and mist in the hollow . the mercede finally arrive . up the track and into the ( refurbish - ed ) garage . engine off and little but a sound of sing bird . 88 : int . live room . berlin' house . day . helena sit on the sofa . she 's a lousy liar and have a tough time with the phone " .. my aunt call twice .. well , soon , I hope so .. right now , I be scared to be there .. who ? .. just a second .. o.k. .. just a second .. goodridge want the number ? " she seek decision from berlin who do not want he to have it . helena ( phone ) Mr goodridge ? .. I can not find it .. no .. there 's no one here to read it right now .. well , yes , I know .. of course I will .. yes , promise .. I will get it and call you tomorrow .. and that 's it except for " goodby . " he take the phone and be - place it . her expression be a toss up between guilt &amp ; anxiety . I feel really bad about it , cause they invite I for Christmas .. berlin have he get you aunt 's address ? helena I do not think so .. he say the police have be call .. want - ed to ask I some more question .. berlin who ? ( she do not know ) probably angelo .. I will take care of it .. do not worry , we - be gonna find this guy , and everything will be o.k. .. o.k .? only thing he fail to mention be which guy he 's talk about . anyway the subject be already change . he notice tape in she bag . " would you like I to put you music on ? " no , she do not want music . o.k . he 's gonna light the fire and make they lunch . 99 : ext . woodshed . berlin' house . day . berlin be split log and helena be sit a a step " watch - ing " he . she 's look almost happy with only worry in the way . berlin you be look worried again , helena ? helena no I be not . berlin you be look more worried now than when you " decide to stop worry " ? helena alright , I be worried about Christmas . I wish I have not tell he I would be back .. a log tangent off . berlin retrieve it . toss it in a barrow . berlin he will get over it . I will roast we a chicken , o.k . with cand - les around it . how about that ? a distant owl hoot . she know he 's smile . she 's smile too . helena would not it be better if I cook it ? you say , you can only boil ? 90 : int . live room . house . night . the Music be puccini . part one / Act two / the humming chorus from madam Butterfly . giant close of the spin cassette . the cam - era remain close as it explore the room . candle light &amp ; fire - light . along a mantlepiece . eleven thirty - five on a clock . two Christmas card . several photograph from the happy year . one a picture of Ross &amp ; Berlin in uniform . another feature Berlin with he arm around a beautiful young lady with long dark hair . for a moment it could be helena ? but the camera 's already go . helena cuddle knee in the corner of a sofa . look considerab - ly more relaxed . but there 's a tension here and both be aware of it . stifled yawn . she stare at he and berlin stare back . a billion people in love have be through this . it 's bed-time . [ a suggestion of Berlin 's bed to be be heape in pillow / blank - ets at the end of the couch . ] " come on , I will take you up there . " she find he hand and stand . the Music follow they upstairs . 91 : int . bedroom . house . night . moonlight through the window . they be silhouettes . they want to embrace but in a situation like this a bedroom be the worst place to be . no sound except the Music . and what 's anyone supp - ose to say ? this atmosphere be about kissing and nothing more . Christ hear this Music . a sweet pulse of puccini . Big close of lip meeting in moonlight . now in each other 's arm . they kiss . and then they be kissing . and nothing else be happen in the whole fuck universe except a telephone just start to ring . still ringing . still kissing . somebody have get to give in . the phone finally get answer . the voice at the end be not expect - ed . but berlin sound pleased to hear it . it seem one problem get solve . " I gotta tell you , margie . you be Mrs Santa Claus . " 92 : int / ext . kitchen / rear entrance . ross's house . day . be Ross throw a party or open a bar ? crates of booze and stack upon stack of beer . a bit of " where do you want it ? " act - ing from berlin as he stagger in with a delivery of Bud . ross make room on a table . rip a beer out the plastic and pop it . berlin can not thank you enough , Ross .. ross do not thank I . thank margie . swallow beer ross exit the back door with berlin follow . it 's she invitation . and as far as citrine in concerned , better we keep it like that . the wagon wait outside with a few crate leave to unload , ber - lin head for he mercede with ross call after he . " John . here . " pull a six pack from he supplies and throw it across . there 's a old desperado in one of the cell . why do not you give he this , and tell he happy Christmas from I ? 93 : int . bedroom . the ross residence . day . the Girls prepare for festivity . they get a full length mirror . a wardrobe of dress . a menu of shoe , what they do with they in this scene be they affair . right now margie 's hold some blue number in front of helena . " it 's blue silk . you like blue ? " margie not " you " blue . this be not you . she sling the dress on the bed . it join a pile of rehearsals . move deeper into she dress and helena appear in the mirror . helena when do John divorce ? margie two or three year ago . helena what be she like ? margie Suzanne ? very pretty . she be a semi - professional model . but a policeman 's wife she be not . so one day , she just pack it and leave . and he whole life go straight down the nearest toilet . helena what do that mean ? margie you know , he crash . he just could not come to term with it .. John hate to lose , and he hate lose she .. every spare minute , he 's drive down to San Diego , have a terrible time with she , get drunk , and drive back .. you just do not believe the amount he drank .. she pirouettes with black sequin . " what do you think of black ? " evidently not much and margie be get short of alternative . wait a minute , I just have the most brilliant idea .. helena you think he still love she ? margie think he still think about she . but not like then . then be a obsession . she emerge from the wardrobe with red satin high heele shoe . here .. try this .. if this fit , we get the perfect dress .. helena I have not wear heel since I be 16 . I do not think I could walk in this ? margie sure you can . anyway , party be all about stand still .. helena be excited to try they out . the experiment be a success . I will go get the dress .. it 's kinda sultry .. I only wear it once , cause in reality , I can not get away with it .. helena you think John would like it ? margie I think John , would love it ... 94 : ext . house . night . the Ross residence look like a ad for j&amp ; B . warm yellow light from the window . Holly wreath on the front door . the mercede pull up and berlin get out with he bag and suit on a hanger . a hard wind around the house . he walk inside without knock . 95 : int . den . house . night . the de look like a little museum . wall decorate with Civil War memorabilia . one wall occupy by a cabinet of modern gun . ross look like Roy Rogers try to look like Fred astaire . a powder blue evening suit . Ho dump ice in a barrel full of Bud - wieser and berlin produce a couple of present . " this be from helena . and this be from I . " the first obviously a music tape . ross hold it to he ear . " sound like Frank Sinatra ? " and the second a bottle of ( Ross tear the wrapping off ) chiva regal ! ross let 's do one of this right now , then we will hide the sonovabitch . but he 's already lose berlin 's attention . margie walk in with helena . Jesus what have you do to she ? Bright red lipstick &amp ; jet black mascara and dress make of blood red sequin . sexy it be but she it be not . she look like one of that big tit dope from Tennessee . she also look like 37 million dollar . Christ that smile work with paint . a appraisal come from ross " wow . " 96 : int . live room . house . night . the whole house be go around in a haze of booze and color light and laughter . buddy Holly supplies the music " true Love Ways " and ross be a victim of the nostalgia . dance close with margie . among the kaleidoscope of pass couple be helena &amp ; berlin . eye close and oblivious of everything but each other . but someone be stare at they . about forty year old with big hand . too old for acne but the skin be bad . get a scar on he cheek like a ladder in a stock . he continue to stare until the dancer separate . Music end and he 's already in the crowd . berlin arrive with a whisper for margie and next thing helena be on she arm head for the stair . obviously a " lady room " run . everly Brothers next record up and serato appear through the crush . spot ross who want to know " what happen to you ? " serato duty sergeant fuck up .. can you believe it , I be on tonight .. " how long have you get ? " " one big drink . " and they head for it . do you get my message ? berlin no . serato I leave a message on you machine . it be not I call . Sam around ? this last question to ross who deliver a typically large shot . ross yeah .. I guess she 's in the kit - chen .. we get a so-called prof - essional cook out there have a nervous breakdown over a turkey .. berlin be you sure you do not call ? serato I speak to old whass - he - name a couple of time . but not to she , and I never ask for she .. ross her who ? berlin someone 's call the institute to talk to helena . say he want to ask she some more question .. serato not guilty .. and he push off to see he wife . berlin look around worried . berlin you get a quiet phone somewhere ? ross hey , John , do not start get antsy over this tonight . it may well have be the local cop ? berlin that 's just what I wanna find out . 97 : int . bathroom . house . night . margie fix helena 's lip . Big on the lipstick . another layer of magenta be go on " be you sure I look o.k . " her question interrupt the revlon " you be the prettiest girl here by about two hundred per cent . " margie move in again for the lower lip . margie how you do on that shoe ? helena do not mix very well with beer . perhaps she be a tiny bit tipsy ? margie smile and say " Press . " margie girl like you should be drink chill white wine . Press . all do . a knock on the door . " come in " and bobby stick he head inside . bobby that woman in the kitchen say if she do not get help within 10 second , she 's gonna resign . margie that woman be a disaster ... she turn to the mirror in exasperation and mend she own face . alright , tell she I be come . no , wait a minute , honey . take helena for I , and find John ? and do not let go of she hand until you do .. int . live room / den . house . night . a pause in the Music amplify conversation . bullshit and beer and everyone talk about nothing . bobby lead helena through the row . can not find Berlin and now they be in the de . the ser - ious guzzler have make it base . everyone talk and everyone lie but no Berlin and bobby be about to make a major mistake . bobby I will just go see if he 's in the kitchen .. you stay right here .. her protest be absorb in sound . and anyway he 's already go . at once she be vulnerable . do not know if she 's stare at the back of a head or straight into someone 's face . " do not we meet somewhere ? " the question come from the man with the scar . he 's drunk as a dog and already get a tattooe hand around she waist . venable hey , popeye ! popeye hey , fat guy ! gimme 2 minute . I be about to ask this lady for a dance ? trash aftershave and lousy breath and clearly the answer be no . if I tell you I would drive all the way from oakland would you dance with I ? willy Nelson start to sing . and helena attempt to break away . what 's so special about the other guy ? you like cop , do not you .. I be a cop .. helena find the top of a couch . hold it like a raft of secur - ity . but where ever she go this frightful mouth be follow . .. let I ask you a question ? how do you know the difference between one guy and another ? .. maybe you do not .. maybe you only know the " difference " when you be dance ? ( he laugh ) if you know what I look like , you would dance with I . I look like John Wayne .. helena I know what you look like . Excuse I . she navigate the back of the sofa . collide with somebody and apologize . " I be sorry . be anyone sit there ? " enough ambiv- alence in the question for the guy not to know she 's blind . no . no one sit there . simultaneously a pair of middle - age crew cut occupy the sofa . a second later helena sit bang into one of the lap . spilt drink and surprise all round . pleasant sur - prise for the victim . he 's a lecherous look old bastard and helena 's dress ride up for a damned good view of the lingerie . fleshy voice happy Christmas , Max ... max I normally get sock ... every humiliation there be . however helena get out of this be however she achieve it . but by the time she do she 's cry . 99 : int . hallway / stair . house . night . a calm spot between kitchen &amp ; stair . in the background guest raid the kitchen for food . berlin look like he should be smok - ing a cigarette . at last margie come downstairs with the news . margie she want to go back to the institute .. ross already arrive . berlin look desolate . she can not go back . you better go talk to she .. ross watch he walk upstairs . his eye a assessment of this absurd relationship . " all sort of people fall in love , darlin . " ross I know .. be not it a shame .. 100 : int . bedroom . house . night . a wedge of light as berlin walk in . then moonlight again . hel - ENA sit at the edge of a single bed . Hair a wreck and mascara streak down she face . he sit identify himself with a emb - race . clear the hair from she eye and kiss where the tear be . " it be a accident .. everyone have accident . " whatever he say would be the wrong thing to say . because he do not un - derstand . and she only explanation of this misery be new tear . helena I can not walk in this shoe .. gently he reach down and take off she shoos " you do not have to dress like this for I . " and suddenly the mood be different . he be amongst she tear . kiss she mouth . already undress she . her dress glide up . silk stocking . he unclip they . she feel he hand drift down she leg . hear the zip open she dress . she return he desire and help he with she brassiere . he kiss she breast and by now the camera 's too close to see . 101 : int . bedroom . house . night . helena asleep in berlin 's arm . just the worry of the wind . he kiss she and slip out of bed and everything slam into Mass - ive close -up . plus a massive amplification of SOUND . the slide snap back on a 9 mill beretta . the magazine shunt out . slug load and mag back in . the slide travel forward big as a car . berlin be fully dress . gear up for work . Black leather glo - ves and black leather jacket . shove the beretta into he belt . from somewhere a very soft sound of Christmas carol drift in . 102 : int . stair / live room / den . house . night . this be deep past midnight , the house be quiet and go to bed . fallout from the party everywhere . still that distant sound of carol . berlin dump he bag and walk into the de . just dark - ness and the forget tape machine . flip on a lamp and try to open the gun cabinet . still try when startle by a voice . ross ( o.s. ) you can not get in there .. that 's " comanche proof . " berlin swing round in surprise . ross be half asleep on a sofa . berlin Jesus . what be you doin ? ross I spose I be drink myself to sleep . it 's helena 's Christmas song .. they be really pretty .. " Silent night . Holy night " and about two inch of chiva leave . berlin have you get any glaser ? ( Ross do ) twenty fives ? berlin stick a foot on a table . pull a . 25 walther automatic from a ankle holster . eject the mag and click out the slug . ross what exactly you do , John ? berlin I be go up to the institute . ross now ? berlin this " cop " that 's call , think she gonna be there over Christmas . ross unlock a cabinet and berlin be about to load the glaser . I check with the local and we station , no one 's call . whoever it be , be not the police . I think this bastard 's get worried ab - out something ? .. and I think the - be 's just a chance he will turn up . ross well , let 's hope he do .. ross select a 12 gauge Winchester and ram the mechanism open . and if he do , I be gonna drop a bomb on the fukker . berlin listen , you do not havta come ? ross hey .. ross be stuff solid lead " car killer " into the pump action . watch my lip . I be you partner . 103 : ext . shasta -trinity institute . night . this be probably a crane shot . a gale work up the valley . the institute be in total darkness . not a vehicle out front . not a sound except the maraud wind . Ross 's chevrolet be conceal amongst tree . be here long enough to allow slow flurry to accumulate . it stare towards the building maybe 75 yard away . 104 : int . chevrolet sedan . night . berlin wear a black wool hat . ross a big black overcoat . both get shit freeze out of they . a bottle available and anyone who want a slug better help himself . plus sleet on the windshield and a lot of stale time . berlin ask what time it be ? and ross take a heave on the booze and wait for about a week to go by . ross where 's you watch ? berlin I guess by the bed . ross it 's twenty of three . yawn do a circuit . ross flop in he seat and the angle chang - es . the view from the rear cover windscreen and back of head . a little young for you , bro ? ( get he eye ) you think if she could see , she would be hang around with a old dog like you ? you get a stomach grow around to meet itself behind you back . berlin bull shit .. I be in my prime .. ross bit . berlin what d' you mean , " bit . " a star-light on the windshield . distant and nobody see it yet . ross policeman 's body age at diff - erent rate . look at I . gut in its fifty . ball in they six - tie . and foot in they eighty .. berlin hit that wiper , Ross . urgency snap he into close - up . Big noise as wiper clear the screen . " I think I see a light ? " berlin stare at the instit - ute through small binocular . " there . flashlight go right ac - ross that window ! " instant excitement as the adrenalin pump in . " fourth floor . see it ? he 's fucken in there ! " and suddenly everything include super-sinister Music be happen at once . 105 : ext . chevrolet . institute . night . pine sing as the gale tear into they . clutch he winch - ester ross open the trunk . a dim light and a fluster of equip - ment . berlin sort out a pair of radio . select a channel and ross whisper " what be you on ? " ( " local tac . " ) here come huge 12 cell flashlight and the intense whisper continue . " local ? " ross what if we need a back up ? berlin we be not here . I do not want the desk to hear we .. o.k. it 's channel 4 and copy ? and they be already on they way . 106 : ext . back of build . institute . night . the storm bully its way around the building . light approach quickly . but one of they be already fade . it belong to ross . this fucker 's get about 5 minute in it . and whatever the plan be it just get change . berlin look around in apprehension - go in there alone be not no joy - he flashlight ascend the fire escape . and there it be 2 floor up . a half open window . berlin alright . I will start at the top , and work down . ross you be not go in alone ? berlin that 's a liability , Ross . I do not want you hang on to my shirt . anyone but I come down this stair , take they out but try and keep he alive . I want this bastard live .. take off up the stair . ross watch he vanish . ( wait out here be not so tasty either . ) the wind rage in nearby tree . a door slam repeatedly somewhere a long way away . [ Ross ? ] " 10 / 2 " [ I be go in .] Big on ross and the radio . " you take care , bro . " 107 : int . rear stairwell . institute . night . berlin climb through the window . drop down and wait to orien - tate himself . he 's on a small landing midway between flight of stair . different kind of noise in here . one hundred per cent more sinister . " Ross . Ross ? you hearing I ? " [ 10 / 2 ] . " I be go upstairs . " snap the safety - catch on he beretta . and it sound ominous . every shadow in this place be animated with forebode . 108 : int . stairwell / corridor . institute . night . look down the stairwell . the light come up . berlin arrive on another floor . hard to sweat in here but he 's do it . his progress be distinctly cautious . a harsh wind rocket down the stair flap a pair of owe door . berlin ease through in - to the corridor . at its far end be the elevator . he travel to - ward it in a eerie piston of light . [ John ? what 's happen ? ] 109 : ext . rear of institute . night . ross have move into the shelter of a wall . sleet pass almost horizontally . his flashlight be over . the color of a tangerine . ross [ berlin ] [ I be on helena 's floor .. I be just gonna take a look at she apartment .. you o.k . ] fucken flashlight 's kaput .. [ door 's lock .. shit ] what 's happen - ing , brother ? [ I can hear some - thing ? .. something upstairs ? ] 110 : int . corridor . institute . nlght . berlin stare up at the coiling " I can hear footstep .. right up above ? " they disappear into the gale . Doors beat at the end of the corridor . he move towards they and push out onto the stairway . nothing but the wind . he 's about to climb when a al - arming voice shock he rigid . " you be now on the third floor . " berlin be already run . Light swinging wildly as he sprint back up the corridor . Fifteen yard to elevator / stair . breath - less as hell he hit the radio . " fucker 's in the elevator . " Al - most jump stair in haste . burst out onto the 3rd floor . Ham - mer back on the beretta . just in time to see the door close . " get ready , Ross . he maybe come down . " but he be not . he 's go - ing up . by the time he 's recover breath the Voice be back in business . whoever ride the elevator be now on the fifth floor . 111 : int . stairwell . institute . night . totally breathless now . eye ascend faster than foot . whine of a swinging door . berlin round the stairwell . the door 's still busy . top of the building here and the ceiling be close in . berlin be p.o.v. as he head for that door . closer . Three step to go . closer . two step more . one step . reaches for it . whamm ! the door smashes into he like it hate he . so fast it hardly happen . he stagger back . his flashlight clatter downstairs . banister capsize as the light pass . every shadow go crazy . the flashlight arrive at a lower level . roll away and stop . wastes power into a corner . can not see Berlin and can not see he radio . but Ross cut into the silence with increase disquiet . [ John ? John ? be you al - right ? .. come in , John ? ] 112 : ext . rear of institute / FIRE escape . night . ross savage by the gale . in considerable anxiety . less than a volt in he battery . his failure to contact Berlin accelerat - es he concern by the moment . call repeatedly " you hearing I ? " Big close on the radio . finger switch channel . tries call on five / six . still nothing and go to channel eight . " come in , John ? " alright fuck it . Light or no light . he 's go up there . still call he barge at the wind make for the fire escape . [ you hear I ? just be care - ful now , cause I be come up ] stare up into the gloom of the iron stair . hardly get a foot on the first before a figure rush down . dress in black and very breathless . a powerful flashlight flood on dazzle ross . be that you , John ? .. an - wer. now .. or I blow this fucken staircase to piece . berlin [ ? ] I , freddy . thank Jesus the anxiety 's over . the 12 gauge drop to he side . ross what the hell 's go on up there , brother ? I be call 10 minute . the light remain steady and blind and straight in he face . hey , c'mon , John .. talk to I ... just the sound of breathlessness . plus a .25 walther automatic . Jesus Christ .. what be you do ? it glint at the periphery of he vision and ross be alarmed . what the fuck be you do ? - it 's I - Holy shit ! - John - John - not you - do not shoot you crazy bastard ! two deathly flash in quick succession . the first practically take Ross 's hand off . the second slam into he gut and he 's down . the glaser be unequalled in ferocity by any other bullet . 113 : ext . FIRE escape ( attic level ) . institute . night . the myopic janitor look down . five floor below a man lay on he back . his shotgun discharge uselessly into tree . another man lean over he . illuminate he agonize face with a flash - light . shoot he again point- blank in the upper body . the myo - pic be not stay for more . hurries back along the fire escape . 114 : int . attic apartment . institute . night . wind break on the roof like wave . a utterly dismal room light by a starve light bulb . the myopic arrive from the fire esc - ape . huge eye behind that orb-like glass . pick up a phone and dial . pile and pile of old newspaper . hundred of fuck magazine . in the kitchen section a mass of photographic equip - ment include a enlarger on the table a flash camera . on the wall behind he a collage of snap of half dress girl . plus a special enlargement of helena stand naked in she bathroom . myopic gimme the police . quickly . 115 : ext . rear of institute . FIRE escape . night . Close on a bulb in a flashlight . the merest glimmer of energy . barely the light to see the blood . it seep into a long - freeze footprint in the ice . fill it fast and expands over the side . somebody say this can not be happen ? berlin crumple to knee in the snow . dump he light gasp for breath . oblique light create desperate silhouettes . berlin howl like a dog . howl into he radio . " nine - nine - nine . " blood all over he hand . " this be a nine - nine - nine - officer down . " ross be heaving like a old bull elephant . on the verge of unconsciousness . he try to speak . get hit in the throat . berlin fight off tear . " do not talk old man . " repeat the emergency code but this time he can not be hear . almost imperceptibly a Carol filter in ( in the bleak mid Winter ) and the camera move slowly away . berlin cradle ross 's tragic head and the song drown the raging wind . this beautiful Christmas carol will articulate rhythm of this cut . and there will be no other sound until the sequence end . 116 : ext . CITY STREET . CITY hospital . night . a blue emergency light . revolving in slow motion . like a dream . the city street be a blur . the light accelerate into sudden reality . ambulance plus police convoy speed to a city hospital . 117 : int . emergency room . hospital . night . Close - up of margie kissing she husband 's lip for the last time . tear spill down he cheek from she eye . freddy ross be dead . 118 : int . waiting area . hospital . night . outside in the corridor . look in at berlin . he sit head in hand on a bench . this be somebody 's point of view . the camera travel up the window . wait at a distance as citrine arrive . pajamas under he clothes . he walk with assistance of a stick . neither say anything because both know what this be about . ber - lin stand and hand over he badge . exit the mag and now he beretta . a brief word from citrine and he turn and walk away . 119 : ext . landscape . berlin' house . dawn . a little house in winter meadow . kind of pretty now it 's pain - ted . just the first tint of pink on its roof . the Carol dissol - ves into birdsong . here come the sun for a fine Christmas day . 120 : ext . veranda . house . dawn . all new paint and all new thing in expectation of happy time . a barbecue still in polythene wrap . price tag and unconnected gas pipe shift gently in the breeze . a brand now swinging seat . berlin sit in it with shock wear on . expressionless of sor - row . though he suffer every sorrow and guilt and regret there be . sunlight reach the veranda and color the end of it red . silent and motionless he watch the lousiest dawn of he life . 121 : ext / int . the ross residence . live room . day . light glow on the Christmas tree . unopene present still und - erneath . serato sit smoking in silence . listen to a sound of plate get stack in another room . he look up but not in surprise . he just be not aware berlin have arrive in the house . berlin where 's margie ? stun and stubble and full of grief . and that 's just serato . serato taken Bobby to she sister 's .. this atmosphere be unbearable and even this whisper seem laud . they be go there anyway . berlin do he know ? serato shake he head . lose he cigarette . and sammy appear . serato thinks he dad 's in hospital . sammy serato be 30 and pretty . she continue collect plate . why would you go up there , John ? know he 's not go to get a reply and do not bother to wait for it . helena materialize from the de like a shadow . sallow for want of sleep and glad to have berlin 's hand to hang on to . berlin I want you to go to you aunt 's . a suggestion that surprise helena . and clearly do not appeal . helena why can not I stay with you ? berlin it 's not possible right now . helena why ? berlin please do not ask no quest - ion now .. not right now .. if silence can intensify it 's now . sound of the front door and then footstep . berlin freeze as margie appear . wrack with grief . Dead sickness of tear . like she cry bone out of she face . but no weep now . maybe shock . maybe brave . maybe both . helena be that margie ? margie I be here , honey . I be right here . the strongest face in the house . and now helena be in she arm . do not cry darlin .. he be a big old cop and he do not like tear .. Dead echos of plate in the kitchen . and song of bird outside . feel like every second in my life , be just the moment lead to this . berlin margie .. margie do not . raise she hand to silence he and this be silence margie own . do not . Christ this be just awful . helena cry and berlin on the way . what 's gonna happen now , John ? berlin she have a aunt , in vermont . I will take she there tonight . helena I be go back to the institute . berlin no .. not now .. margie helena can stay here if she would like to .. I would like she to .. I will look after she .. and she can look after I .. I be tired now .. I must sleep .. footstep again as she walk out and silence again like before . 122 : int . bedroom . berlin' house . night . the camera will slowly crane down on berlin . fully dress but wipe out he lay a the bad . last thing he need be booze . he be clearly full of it . drifting in and out of consciousness . a nightmare either side of the line . he relive that night again . and Ross be alive again as guilt and regret demand to be hear . ( ross ) you want I to make a predict - ion ? this guy be not turn up . ( berlin ) maybe not .. what time be it ? ( ross ) twenty -six minute past two .. ( berlin ) you should not have come , Ross . ( ross ) do not worry .. you take you time .. I just wanna be back in time for Bobby 's present .. a memory that be too terrible to bear . berlin get up and sit at the edge of the bad . head in hand . want the pain to go aw - ay . but anguish be stronger than alcohol . hear noise outside and make it to a window . tear curtain back revealing light . his mercede hang in space as though stare into the bedroom . 123 : ext . front yard . house . night . the mercede descend onto a low - loader courtesy of a car lift - ing truck . berlin out of he door . almost too ruin to apprec- iate what 's happen . crane light and flashlight and chain get tightened . couple of stranger and a kid he recognize . berlin what be you do , Travis ? travis I be tell to take you car in , sir. berlin why ? travis I dunno , sir. bring you up a chevy . flashes he light at a standard issue ( brown ) police chevrolet . I be sorry , sergeant . I do knock a couple time . do not get any reply . berlin you get a warrant for this ? travis yes , Sir . berlin who seek the warrant ? travis the man from the f.b.i . 124 : int . chief' office . police station . day . the man from the f.b.i. be 50 . Black suit and wing tip . all f. b.i. investigator be either lawyer or accountant . and this fellow look like both . when he smile it 's a decaffeinate ex - ercise . bother nothing but lip . this smile 's always the same . berlin I want a 24 hour protection of margie 's house . otherwise I be not say nothing . you give I that , or read I my rights , and talk to a lawyer . berlin look awful . shower and shave but just fuck awful . citrine slip focus to the man . and St anne imperceptibly nod . citrine alright , you get it . and I will be put a observer in with you . berlin I want serato .. ( negative ) why can not I have serato ? citrine coz I be short of man &amp ; ang - elo will not do it .. who ever I get free first - you get .. 125 : int . anti room / interrogation . police station . day . Close on a pair of dance needle . they react to voice - level on a twin spool tape recorder . but no sound of yakking in here . St Anne 's assistant suck a pencil . busy with a cross - word puz - zle . fill in a word but the camera be not interested . it move away to discover head phone . and move closer to hear St anne . [ always figure I would like to retire to a little town like this - maybe buy a boat even , do some fishing ? ] 126 : int . interrogation room . police station . day . a change of chair . a wood chair for the subject . mobile chair for the man . castor give he considerable freedom . enable he to back off or move in with the intimacy of a ophthalmologist . St anne you fish , John ? berlin I have do .. a side table feature several pin sharp pencil . a Sony pocket recorder . two packet of pall mall red . two yellow legal pad . the chair move into reverse and he break a puke color file . St anne alright , let 's not beat about the bush , what ever that may mean , and get down on it . you be specific - ally instruct by you chief , not to go anywhere near the blind inst - itute ? so why do you go up there ? berlin because of a feel . I have a bad feel this man be gonna turn up . St anne which man be that ? berlin the man I detail in my report , Sir . the report that 's in he hand . ( St Anne know well which man . ) be this a interview , or a interrogation ? St anne it 's a enquiry ... berlin I be not prepare to be interrog - ated . I will be interview as a officer , who may be expect to cooperate with the investigator . St anne well , that 's fine by I , John . and I be sure that 's fine by you Chief . he smile the non-smile . toss he pencil down . and sit back . so you think you man might show ? berlin yes . St anne bit of a long - shot , be not it ? berlin it be the only shot I have .. St anne so the one night you decide to go up there , he go up there ? berlin that 's right . except I would decid - ed to go up there every night .. St anne despite the wish of you Chief ? berlin yes . St anne you be prepare to fal - sify you report to he ? berlin I have very good reason for do .... St anne just a second , John . I know there be something miss . St anne cut he off to pick up the phone . obviously something vital be need . " could you bring a a ashtray in here ? get a coupla guy who smoke in here . " and attention back to the file . you do not mind if I jump around a little this morning , do you ? just while I be ease my way into this ? berlin you be ask the question , Sir .. St anne you have a argument with Ross ? ass - ault one of the officer , right ? berlin I would not use the word " assault . " St anne you get a " racy temper , " sergeant ? berlin not especially . St anne just something they do , on this occasion , make you lose you rag ? berlin not they . he. Taylor put a piece in the newspaper , which in my op - inion put my witness in jeopardy . St anne from whom ? berlin from the man I detail in my rep - ort . a crazy man , who to my cert - ain knowledge have kill at least eight girl . six in San Diego , one someplace else , and one up here .. St anne not a lotta support for that " scenario " though , be there ? berlin not a lot . St anne not even from Ross ? berlin no . St anne be that why you lose you temper with he ? frustration ? no one believe you ? his assistant bring the ashtray . and St anne smile gratitude . so what can you tell I about you man ? berlin what do you mean , Sir ? St anne I mean , who be he ? berlin I do not know who he be . who 's " Jack the ripper ? " he 's Jack the ripper with a automobile . St anne you do not run a profile ? berlin no , Sir .. I do not have the re - ource , and it be not my expertise . St anne this crazy man ? what make you think he want to eliminate miss Robertson ? berlin you read my report , Sir . St anne I be ask a question .. berlin because he read I be investigate the disappearance of she friend , &amp ; miss Robertson become the focus of he anxiety . how good of a " witness " be she ? he 's crazy , but not stupid , he 's intelligent . get a flexible M. o. , and he do not wanna get catch . St anne just like " Jack the ripper ? " this be mean to humiliate and mean to annoy and it do both . alright , we will have plenty of time to discuss you " mystery man , " and he " flexibility " later , right now , I would like to talk about the " event . " 127 : int . anti room / interrogation . police station . day . citrine rest on he cane stare through the one - way glass . a menu of anxiety . but perhaps sadness be he principal expre - sion . his eye slide to the assistant " can you turn that thing on ? " glad to oblige and voice cut in . this be citrine's p.o.v. St anne [ berlin ] alright , the door come back and hit you ? knock you down ? knock you out ? for how long ? [ I do not know ] approximately , you figure ? a minute ? [ o.k . ] o.k. then what happen ? immediately you get up ? 128 : int . interrogation room . police station . day . berlin I realize the flashlight be at the bottom of the stair St anne do you check you weapon ? berlin maybe . it would have be instinctive . all I know be I be in possession of it .. St anne you do not check it ? berlin not that I specifically remember . St anne why not ? berlin I do not know . I be not think - ing about it .. I be daze .. St anne you be woozy ? confused ? berlin I be unconscious 10 second ago . St anne I understand . then ? berlin then I pick up the flashlight , try to get Ross on the radio .. nothing . static . I get blood on my hand , realize my eye be cut . St anne could you see out of it ? berlin yeah , I could see . then I run . climb out of the window , run down the fire escape , and right at the bottom , I find Ross .. St anne be you breathless ? berlin sure I be breathless ... St anne when do you realize you be no longer in possession of the .25 ? berlin not until I be in the hospital . St anne you figure you lose it in the hospital ? or on the way there ? berlin no , I think it must have fall down the stairwell . St anne [ berlin ] like the flashlight ? [ yeah ] have you be drink that night ? berlin it be Christmas Eve . St anne that be not my question ? berlin yes . St anne [ berlin ] how about Ross ? [ sure ] be you drink in the car ? [ ?] there be a bottle in the car ? berlin I think Ross have a mouthful ? St anne but not you ? berlin I may have have a nip ? St anne to keep out the cold ? .. very cold that night , very windy , be not it ? St anne motor off &amp ; refer to note without look at berlin . which hand be the flashlight in ? berlin my leave hand . St anne and the walther be in you right ? berlin the beretta be in my right hand .. St anne you say you do not check it ? so how d' you know which gun you be hold ? the chair move back in and its pilot have a icicle up he ass . you say you figure it have fall down the stair with the flashlight ? you say you be confuse ? you pick up the flashlight in confusion , how d' you know you do not pick up the 25 ? berlin let 's not start play game , Mr St Anne . St anne Games ? berlin I tell you , I would lose the walther .. St anne you tell I you do not know you would lose it until you be in the hos - pital ? so , if you do not know till then , it coulda be either weapon ? berlin the gun in my hand be a beretta . and for the record , I want that note correct . now , please , sir. the dead smile and rubber in action . St anne change he note . St anne o.k. I be correct . I be sorry , I make a mistake . berlin with respect , Sir , you do not make a mistake . I know who you be , and you be far too experience for mis- take . now if you have doubt over the content , or veracity of my rep - ort , I wanna be make aware of they ? St anne sure . berlin I wanna be make aware of they now . St anne do you want a lawyer , sergeant ? berlin there you go again ? " do I want a lawyer , sergeant ? " it 's a game question . what do I want a law - yer for ? I get nothing to hide .. St anne you do not ? berlin you know I do not . so let 's quit the bullshit and get down to it . what 's you " angle , " Mr St Anne ? for the first time St anne move he chair into berlin 's space . St anne where 's the little gun , sergeant ? berlin I have no idea . St anne you do not ? berlin if it be not in the institute , the man who shot Ross take it . St anne the man who shot Ross , use it .. implication be gang up quick than berlin can focus they . and you do not know where that little twenty - five calibre walther 's go ? berlin confirm it . look very concerned . the wheel retreat . St anne shake out a cigarette and take he time with match . o.k. sergeant , here it be . I intend to produce evidence , that will prove you shot Frederick Ross with malice afore - think . my angle therefore , be to pre - pare a case on behalf of you Chief , to prosecute you for first degree murder . 129 : int . administration . police station . day . the light on the Christmas tree be off . that just about sum it up . the word 's out and it talk in barren silence as berlin appear . taylor and serato in conference at a desk . the former look . the latter turn away . berlin walk the room into close - up . " like some coffee , John ? " seem like ann be the only benev - olent face around . she get a lose smile &amp ; bewilder shake of he head . disappear into he room and quietly close the door . 130 : int . crime lab . police station . day . a picture of Ross fill the frame . snapped the day they search - ed the dump . blasted with rain . a waterproof cape and a finger raise in defiance . berlin shift eye from the bulletin board . pour a last inch of whisky and drink . eye back to the board for a last photographic / panoramic record of he time in Eureka . the photo of Ross again before he eye sweep quickly on . pict - ure of amber Stone . thumb tack and map and tape . information relate to specific area in San Diego . carlsbad / Ocean Beach / Point loma . " Jennifer Seven " " Jennifer eight . " but who give a fuck anymore ? two dead dog on a refuse dump . and now the dead face of a dummy . berlin stare till someone knock on the door . St anne come in smoking a cigarette and eat a ham sandwich . St anne you go home , John , get some sleep . I do not wanna talk any more today . berlin be not you gonna arrest I ? St anne you know better than that ... he will exit when he stop speak . before he do he wander the lab show particular interest in the dummy of Jennifer 8. I arrest you , you will get bail , and be walk outta here anyway - and I will have no one to talk to - you Chief say he would make you available to I . if you go to the store , call in , and let you duty officer know . 131 : int . bobby's bedroom . the ross residence . night . bobby be in hysterics . a gale of tear . fit he word between they . his Mom do she best to cope with he grief and she own . margie you daddy would have want you to be strong .. we gotta be strong for daddy , darling .. bobby I do not want she in this house .. I want my dad . why do she have to come here .. I want my daddy .. 132 : int . kitchen . the ross residence . day . finger search out and identify phone number . dial for inform - ation and helena whisper " I need the number for a cab , please . " 133 : int . interrogation room . police station . day . the camera 's get closer and so be St anne . and today there be a definite change of mood . still very measure . still a pro - fessional demeanor . but a bad sense of shit about to come down . St anne .. there be a gale that night .. all the door be swinging .. so this door swing back and clip you .. and down you go .. within 35 second of uncon - sciousness , you be back on the fire es - cape , and you be confuse , really con - fuse .. you do not know if tuesday come in two 's or happen once a week .. bit of a cold come on and near enough for berlin to catch it . you see a figure come up the stair . Ross be not mean to be on the stair ? he challenge you .. and this be not a piece of wood with a nail through it .. this guy 's get a 12 gauge Winchester up you nose .. and he 's drunk .. and you be dizzy .. and you eye 's fulla blood .. you be not think good , and you be see worse .. wow ! .. it just go off ! .. you just put he down ? .. and you get hit by a glaser , you stay down .. but he be not dead .. now , you realize you shot you partner .. " oh , suzanna , how do I get outta this ? " I know .. the " serial killer " shot he .. and here come the malice , John .. 17 second later , you put another one in he throat .. be not that what happen ? berlin no . St anne tell we what happen , then ? berlin I already tell you what happen .. you be look for a inconsisten - cy , and you be not gonna find one , because I be tell you the truth . St anne tell I the truth again . 134 : ext . track / front yard . berlin' house . day . a yellow cab splashes through puddle and pull up in front of the house . helena get out and pay . no she do not need assis - tance . pick up she suitcase and the cab vanish into drizzle . 135 : int . kitchen / live room . berlin' house . day . back door open and helena walk in . first thing she sense be cold . this place smell like it have not be live in since she be last here . and last time she be here she be happy . dump she case and head for the live room . can not see it but feel the overwhelming gloom . find a couch and now she sit to wait . the silence be almost total . but something disturb it . helena look around . back on she foot she try to discover source of the sound . finally arrive at a table lamp . she feel the bulb and it 's hot . a large moth beat itself crazy inside the shade . reaches in and turn it off &amp ; the house be in virtual darkness . 136 : int . interrogation room . police station . day . St anne light a cigarette . attention with he note . sniff a fair bit . he 's acquire a toilet roll to deal with it . occas - ionally will tear a sheet or two off to blow he nose . glance at berlin " you want a cigarette ? " no he do not " I have give up . " St anne you have ? .. how about the booze ? .. how do St anne know ? perhaps he do not ? sound like he do . too much booze can be very dangerous .. memory black out .. stuff like that .. his attention still with note like a quack about to prescribe . " the man take a drink , then the drink take a drink , then the drink take the man ? " .. something like that , be not it ? .. anyway .. why do you give up ? berlin I guess I be drink too much . St anne I be talk about " cigarettes ? " ( score : 10 outta 10 ) find yourself get breathless ? berlin sure . St anne specially if you be run ? which floor do the elevator run up to ? berlin five . St anne you run up to the fifth ? you must have be real breathless by then ? berlin do not know where this be go but he do not like it . eye to berlin now and he smile look real for the first time . we be gonna get we " observer " in here this afternoon . keep a eye on we ? ( he smile ) notorious for withhold information , the f.b.i . St anne make a note . junk the pencil . sit back in he chair . be you aware there be a janit - or in the institute that night ? berlin no . St anne you do not check ? berlin there be not time ... St anne that be not my question ? berlin no , Sir , I do not check . St anne break off to blow he nose . berlin look very worried . St anne I be really catch cold up here ? must be all this fog ? berlin what 's the relevance of the janitor ? St anne the janitor ? let I just ask you a question - before I forget - do you take any medication for that ? berlin for what ? St anne breathlessness ? berlin no . St anne alright , let I answer you question ? " what 's the relevance of the janitor ? " Hit the cigarette like this be the one that cause the cancer . why do not I take you through it , from where I be sit .. at some time bet - ween 2 &amp ; 2:30 a.m. the janitor think he hear a vehicle approach through the wood . he look out , and see noth - ing , no light , nothing . figure it must be hunter . some time later , he think he hear something else , like a door , or a window slam ? he get up , and between half past two and a quarter of three , he make a search - with a flashlight - of the top 3 floor . find nothing untoward , &amp ; go back to he apartment in the roof . berlin look grey as sick . know what 's come . and here it be . the flashlight you see , be he . the " footstep " you hear , be he . the elevator you be chase up and down after be empty , and be prone to such activity , due to a electrical fault .. apparently it happen frequently dur - ing gale . the gale that be swinging the door . that knock you down . that confuse you so much ? and here we be , back to where I be sit . you wanna tell I what really go on that night ? it seem St anne have effectively destroy the " serial killer " scenario . stub he cigarette and wait for berlin 's response . berlin two people know I do not kill he , Mr St Anne . one 's I , and the other 's the man that do . St anne what man ? St anne be win . and they both know it . and he almost grin . we just deal with " the man ? " berlin how d' you know the Jan - itor do not shoot he ? if St anne can raise a eyebrow he do . by implication berlin be ditching he " killer . " during this St anne rewind he Sony . you be tell I it 's he flashlight I see , o.k. , he see my flashlight ? and I be come up the stair with a beretta in my hand . and he 's frighten . he hit the door on I . pick up my gun . he 's run . he run into Ross , and in panic , he shoot he . the little Sony snap to a stop and St anne look at he watch . St anne not unless he have a gun in one hand , and a phone in the other , he do not . Ross be shot at ex - actly two fifty - seven a.m . the janitor put a call through to the local police , at 2:57 a.m . you obviously realize how I can get so accurate with my timing ? St anne back off and carefully replace the Sony on the table . Ross switch into channel 8 , &amp ; we get a recording of the whole incident . I be gonna play it to you , but I get a meeting , we will have to do it after lunch . it 's one , let 's make it back by three ? 137 : int . bedroom . berlin' house . day . helena be curl up under blanket . maybe day - dream but not asleep . she 's maybe here to keep warm as much as anything else . sound of a vehicle approach and she sit to listen . the car pull up and its engine silence . helena be already out of bed . 138 : int . live room / porch / front yard . house . day . silhouette of a figure outside the front door . someone rattles the handle but it 's lock . and by the time helena reach the door the visitor have go . think it 's Berlin she twist the key and step onto the porch . a stale winter fog settling down . hardly a sound except she own voice . " John ? be that you ? " just the rattle of local crow and a bull heaving somewhere in some distant field . " John ? " she cautiously descend wood stair and walk two or three pace before bump into a brown chevrolet . Exploration of the car establish nil . more confuse than con - cern she listen . country sound and not a sound out of place then suddenly she be alert . something clatter somewhere . like can kick in the garage ? be it the garage ? " John , be it you ? " 139 : int . kitchen / live room / bedroom . house . day . helena lock the front door . move into the kitchen . lock the back door . glum silence in the house . nothing but a old alarm clock tick . then a sound like something move . like a door creak open ? be it in the garage ? the live room ? upstair ? she return to the live room . curtain draw and almost dark . the endless silence be interrupt by a rush of water in pipe . if anybody 's here they be upstairs ? helena move to the bottom of they " John , be you up there ? it 's I , darling . I get a cab . " the only reply be more silence . she begin to climb the stair . one hand on the wall . she ascend slowly . her helplessness giv - ing way to suspicion with each new step . at the top she push into the bedroom " John , be you here ? darling ? be you alright ? " apparently no one be here . certainly no one in the bed . and no one in the bathroom . she reappear with a expression suppress - ing anxiety . feel she way past a antique wardrobe . curiously its door be open . a full length mirror inside . shut it as she pass and for a split- instant the man in the room be reveal . almost simultaneously finger in black leather clasp she wrist . helena in speechless with shock . both she and the intruder be breathe hard . the only other sound be the wardrobe door whin - ing open again under its weight . manifest a reflection of he back . totally in black . Black wool hat . leather jacket . glove . intruder get really fucken lucky , do not ya ? he back she to the bed and sit she before release he grip . the frame remain static and stare into the mirror and still on the intruder 's back . helena stare unsee at she own face . I be get kinda concerned about you Jenny . like , how blind be you ? blind as you friend ? or less blind ? coz she could see , you know . have a view outta one of they . but you do not see nothing do you ? nothing at all ? he reach into he jeans and produce a stainless steel knife . even close this thing be 10 inch long . a leather loop attat - ched at one and . he tease the metal in front of helena 's eye . can you see this , blind girl ? not a switch - blade but by snap it like a whip it lock out . gimme you hand . too terrify to obey and she inability momentarily anger he . gimme you fucken hand . helena lift she hand and he take it . he run the edge of the blade over she palm . then close she finger around the handle . you like it ? she be paralyze except for the tear spilling down she cheek . I cut you friend 's head off with that .. word come out she can barely hear herself . " you be a coward . " you say something , Jenny ? in this terrible silence she hear a double hiss of a aerosol . I would like to cut you . I would like to cut you so bad .. but be not life strange ? you be my little buddy now .. I guess we all get lucky ? 140 : ext . car park . police station . CITY of eureka . day . fog and dusk in that order . headlights descend the slope . Park and citrine plus cane get out . as he cross the lot a uniform fire up a harley . next face be serato head for he car . he accost the Chief with a piece of paper . it be read with escal - ating incredulity . this would be comic if it be not so serious . serato she 's in love with he , Chief , and try anything ? citrine be you go up there ? serato no , I just send Travis . I have get a call to make . citrine what about the man ? .. have he see this ? .. [ no he have not ] .. alright , make you call , and get up there ... bullshit or not , I wanna proper statement .. 141 : int . anti room / interrogation . police station . day . citrine walk in in he overcoat . bisley look across from the window . and the assistant up from a crossword . " be they busy ? " assistant no , Sir , they just get back . citrine would you ask Mr St Anne to come in here a moment ? the assistant do it via phone . and bisley look over unhappy . bisley I hear I have be nominate as a official " observer ? " citrine it 's either you , or Taylor ? bisley he do not wanna do it either . citrine I will toss a coin for you . but one of you be go in today .. St anne come in blow he nose . citrine shove he the mess ~ age . he read it with similar incredulity ( but perhaps a touch more amusement than citrine ) " what d' you wanna do with it , Sir ? " what do you wanna do with it ? St anne let he have it .. I do not mind put a little salt at the edge of he plate .. 142 : ext . front yard . berlin' house . dusk . a single light in a downstairs room . the house be stifle with fog . a brown police chevy park out front . here come another to join it . as berlin get out serato appear on the porch . he descend stair with the impartial expression of a work cop . berlin I need a friend , angelo . serato keep it dispassionate . ignore berlin 's desperate eye . serato you get one . put a thumb towards the house and already head for he oar . she 's a bad witness , John . but a fuck lousy alibi . 143 : int . live room . house . night . this be not a good place to be . a dismal lamp supplies light . a close - up of helena on the sofa . hear a sound of booze get pour . but nothing else in the house except for a harsh voice . berlin ( o.s. ) .. I know why you do it darlin , but you be not help I . every - thing they be hearing they think be a lie . now here come the man I be desperate to prove exist , &amp ; whadda - ya - know , he turn up at my house , and have a " chat " with you ? by now berlin and he glass of anaesthetic be well into frame . no one in the State of California be gonna believe that . they get the man in there - a a/1 f.b.i. inter - rogator , and he 's take I to pie - ces - do not believe a word come outta my head - not a word - no one believe I - I do not believe I .. helena do not say that . do not you dare say that .. I believe you .. berlin I know you be try to help I , but you do not understand . helena then explain it to I . I get enough darkness , do not I ? he do not want to . but now he 's get to . and so here it come . berlin the man who kill amber be a psychopath . he be up at the in - stitute to kill you - he do not wanna kill Rose - he be there to kill you - that 's the truth - and I do not wanna tell it to you - but that 's the reason I want you to stay at margie 's - cause I can not protect you here .. helena why do he want to kill I ? berlin coz he think you be a witness . helena I can not identify he .. berlin he do not know that . I do not . helena then why do not he kill I ? back at the booze and he 's almost inaudible " stop it , will you ? " why do not he kill I , John ? something snap in berlin and he throw he glass at the grate . berlin will you fucken stop it . I be not serato .. he do not kill you cause he be not here .. he be not in the room with you , and let you live .. and just as suddenly he 's full of remorse . take helena in he arm with a lot of sorry . but she be not interested in apology . there 's a passion in she face . and fire even in she blind eye . helena kiss I , John .. kiss I [ he do ] I love you , kiss I again [ he do ] I love you .. be my lip lie to you ? kiss my mouth [ he do ] be my mouth lie to you ? he. was. here . 144 : int . garage . house . night . Music slam in on the cut . Berlin be about to take this garage to piece . he search can and box and stack timber . what ever it be he eye be look . the camera look down from ab - ove . bit &amp ; piece all over the floor but he discover nothing . 145 : int . bathroom / bedroom . house . night . Close on a hand search underside of the bath . pipe and cob - web . he reach toward the tap . his hand be literally inch from the walther ( tape to the end of the tub ) . finger almost touch it . just a fingernail away when helena interrupt " John ? " helena ( o.s. ) I just remember something .. and berlin roll out and stare up like a mechanic under a car . he use a breath freshener . berlin a " breath freshener ? " helena stand in the doorway and berlin be already on he foot . helena I hear it hiss , twice . berlin wipe a think through he hair with finger . " I do not know what that mean . " walk past into the bedroom . everything take apart . every drawer open and the bed heape with clothes . berlin ... he 's either here to take something .. or leave some - thing .. I do not find nothing .. 146 : int . live room . house . night . berlin pour last of the whisky . look totally snuffed out . he and helena sit on the same sofa but the atmosphere put they a mile apart . a yellow pad on the table cover in note . berlin swallow scotch and read to himself " I guess we all get lucky ? " helena you gotta stop drink , darling . another mouthful of scotch &amp ; she hear the glass hit the table . he 's glad you be drink . every drink you take you be help he . berlin he do not need my help . helena I know about alcohol , John . berlin you do ? helena I be blind because my father drank . that 's what she know about alcohol and he would prefer to be dead . I lose everyone I ever love .. I lose my hope .. my future .. I be in love with you , John .. I do not want they to take you away from I .. 147 : int . interrogation room . police station . day . St anne be close enough to kiss berlin . right into he space &amp ; talk right into he face . and today he 's not in a good mood . St anne he humiliate you . in front of every one .. in front of a bunch of secret - ary ? .. well , that would piss any - one off ? ... that would piss I off .. I would be real mad if a guy do that to I , &amp ; call himself a friend .. coz that be not a friendly thing to do ? .. you side with " friend " .. you do not go bitchin on they behind they back ? and he suddenly switch gear . and whisper like it 's a secret . he be not much of a " friend " at all ? berlin Ross be my best friend . St anne do you shoot you " best friend ? " berlin no . St anne the next time I ask you that quest - ion , you be gonna tell I the truth . St anne shunt back in he chair . expands the frame as he go . sergeant taylor sit on a chair with he back to the wall . cig - arettes and ashtray on the table next to he . St anne light a pall mall and as if it 's a after- think he snap the Sony on . [ tape ] .. " just be careful now , cause I be come up . " .. [ footstep on cast iron stair ] " be that you , John ? .. answer .. now .. or I blow this fucken staircase to pie - ces . " [ sound of someone breathe hard ] berlin already look devastate . he 's about to get annihilate . " I , freddy . " .. [ just the gale ] " what the hell 's go on up there , brother ? I be call ton minute . " .. [ lung heave for air ) " hey , c'mon , John , talk to I ? " [ just the sound of breathless - ness ] " Jesus Christ .. what be you do - ing ? what the fuck be you do ? it 's I - Holy shit - John - John - not you - do not shoot you crazy bastard ! [ 2 shot ] St anne click the Sony off &amp ; berlin be too stunne to breathe . St anne that 's second degree - you wanna stop at that ? will you give I that , John ? berlin give he nothing but silence . a knock on the door " come in . " and the assistant hand St anne a note . read it and excus - es himself . leave the silence for berlin . but taylor break it . taylor he 's offerin you a deal ? why do not you take it .. berlin he be not offerin I shit . taylor light a cigarette and exhales . something of a real red - head fuck about he . and berlin would like to break he neck . you be let it show , King jay . taylor I do not like you . but do not kid yourself .. I do not take no ple - asure sit in on another cop .. he roll ash off he cigarette and push it round the ashtray . you a alcoholic , be not you ? ( berlin stare ) it 's write in you file .. the phone ring and taylor answer . put he red eye at berlin . they want you to look in the mirror . berlin have to find every strength for this one . humiliation com - pound . get up and stare at he own haunt face in the glass . 148 : int . anti room / interrogation . police station . day . the myopic peer into berlin 's face . St anne stand close with he toilet roll . Light refract in the myopic 's lense " I see he up there quite a lot . " St anne blow he nose " be that the man you see that night ? " he stare again at the torment face . myopic well .. I dunno .. it could be ? St anne alright , thank you , Mr Dawson .. he 's escort to the door and he space be occupy by citrine . citrine what 's all this " deal " business ? St anne on he way to the door now . he pause for the question . St anne I can have he out of here on a sec - ond degree this afternoon . I own he , and he know it . and , Chief , I be still wait for that warrant on he house ? 149 : int . waiting area . police station . day . helena wait on a bench in the empty room . maybe a few scruffy magazine ? but nothing of use to she in here except she 's near Berlin . he arrive like every hope get abandon and sit next to she . they clasp one another 's hand before she embrace he . berlin you do not wanna sit here any more , sweetheart .. helena I wanna be near you ... something difficult to tell she and do not know how to say it . berlin I think they be gonna arrest I . helena I do not want they to arrest you . berlin it 's not as bad as it sound .. they can not refuse I bail . raise bail of my own cognizance &amp ; find the best damned lawyer there be .. her tear be close to he face . no one but he could hear she . helena oh , John , I would do anything , anything , to get you free . 150 : int . interrogation room . police station . day . if the wait room feel bad try sit in here . both St anne and taylor be smoking and the Sony play again . this be the final part of the tape . no speech but a lot of labor breath - ing . Ross groan and now the sound of he shotgun . more desp - erate inhalation and now sound of the last shot into he neck . St anne .. and that one 's with malice .. that one 's first degree .. why do not you stop lie to I ? ( click Sony off ) c'mon , John , I can help you ? why do not you tell I the truth ? berlin I have tell you the truth . it be not I .. I have never call - ed Ross " freddy " in my life .. taylor I have hear you call he freddy . berlin you have not . and you get no voice in here , Taylor , so keep it shut . St anne tell a lotta lie , do not you ? some - thing that come naturally to you ? berlin I do not lie . St anne prepare to lie to you Chief ? berlin under exceptional circumstance . St anne what be the circumstance that cause you to lie to freddy Ross ? berlin I never lie to Ross .. St anne you do not ? shake he head in confirmation . and St anne find a notebook . well , he think you do ? .. wrote it down in he book ? " John Berlin be a liar . " right here , underline . berlin stare at the book &amp ; can barely credit what he 's see . date the day you get you first " break " with you " mystery man ? " you do not know why he write that ? ( he do not ) maybe he think there be no " myst - ery man ? " that the investigation be bullshit ? that you be make it up ? and during the next attack St anne will work himself into rage . coz you want to be " top cop ? " be not that why you go run up that gar - bage dump , so everyone could stand in awe of the " top cop ? " be not that why you come up here ? coz you could not make it in l.a .? get yourself a pissy lit- tle degree , come up here , and be " top guy ? " but Ross be " top guy " , be not he ? always would be top guy ? and you know what ? he do it without even try .. everybody love he . he have everything you want , do not he ? - great woman - great kid ? - everything you could not have ? - and you want it to go away ? coz you life be lousy , be not it ? - a lousy life , with a lousy wife , who be fuck everyone , be not she ? be that why you pick on a little blind girl ? - cause you can control she ? - be that it ? - Control who she 's fuck ? tear of grief and tear of rage . berlin can not restrain either . you wanna lose you temper with I ? c'mon , John , lose you fucken temper ? you be good at lose you temper ?.. berlin no way , Mr St Anne . St anne lose you temper with Ross , do not you ? c'mon , tell I the truth . be that what happen ? you have a arg - ument in the car ? lose you temper with he ? stood over he , blow he fuck larynx out with a glaser ? - where be you aim , John ? go for he face ? blow he fuck face away , because you hate he so much . berlin be a wreck of despair . but somehow he keep he dignity . berlin I love that guy .. &amp ; the hard - est thing to take in here .. be know he think I kill he .. St anne well , that he do .. and that do I , sergeant Berlin .. and at last he look pleased . because he 's get this man bust . what do you take for that breathlessness , sergeant ? can not take anymore question . answer with a shake of he head . how about aminophylline ? berlin I do not know what that be . St anne you do not ? it 's ant anti-asthma medic - ation , prescribe for breathlessness ? produce a capsule in a plastic bag and throw it on the table . come out of the ashtray of you car ? every cell in berlin 's body freeze . misinterprete by St anne . but you " do not know " what it be ? but he do know what it be . the pill he find in the v.w. van . you do not know how it get there ? taylor stare a rock drill and St anne stare something similar . you do not use it for breathlessness ? berlin focus a fragment of hope . but no sign of hope in here . I be run outta question , John , and you be run out of lie ? I be offer - ing you one last chance , and you better take it , or the U.S. Attorney be gonna put you in the god-damn gas chamber .. berlin I need .. some time .. to think Sir .. St anne alright . think about it . but do not you make a fool of I . you come in here with one more lie , and I bull - shit you not , I be gonna press for the maximum penalty there be . and that 's the death penalty , sergeant . 151 : int . waiting area . police station . day . berlin hurry in and grab helena 's hand . instantly transmit the adrenalin . they head for the door with he whisper hard . berlin we get a break - be not much , but it 's a break .. the man that murder Ross get asthma - it 's not a breath fresh - ner , darling - it 's a asthma inhaler .. 152 : int . kitchen . the ross residence . day . berlin / helena could not have be in the house longer than it 's take to call Los Angeles . margie infect with the excitement although as yet she hardly know what 's go on . berlin pace the tile on a long phone lead . eye to margie while they wait . berlin this capsule come out of a v.w. van - I do not even think about it - stick it in the ashtray - if I would be smok - ing , ita be throw away week ago .. ( phone ) no , amanda - it 's definitely amanda .. another excruciate wait plus further explanation for margie . I have the van - this guy drive that van take he medication and lose one .. ( phone ) - Dan - hear - be you sure ? - would you try Frisco for I ? - I will try and get a second name .. dump the phone and stoke anxiety in helena and margie 's eye . no amanda with a white volkswagen .. you do not have a yellow page for oakland , do you ? ( she do not ) I get - to get down there , find that store .. everything happen in a hurry . he embrace helena . she will pray for he . already out the back door with margie in tow . a black &amp ; white park in the drive with venable stuff inside . plus a grim wind tear tree . berlin pause as he reach he car . berlin you be careful .. this man 's close .. catch she eye . can barely look at they . they be full of hate . margie if you find he , John . I want you to call I . I wanna know he name . 153 : ext . hillside . oakland . day . Wide over the bay area . wind sweep and rain sweep . City light beginning to come on . in the distance the dock and far beyond the ocean . somewhere here be a solitary phone booth . " I be look - ing for a special type of rattan .. friend of mine recommend you , say I should ask for someone call amanda .. you do not ? o.k. .. thank you . " follow by sound of a phone slamm down . 154 : int . phone booth . hillside STREET . day . a stack of coin and a pair of rip out yellow page . berlin cross off another number . running out of craft shop and run - ning out of quarter . a new number hear the same old bullshit . but this one be answer good ! fights to keep he voice light . berlin ( phone ) she 's not there ? - let I just make sure I get the right amanda - lotta freckle , right ? .. right .. that 's right , that 's she .. well , eh , what time d' you expect she ? .. o.k. I will eh , try and pop over this afternoon . and he come out of there run . the chevy roar up the hill . 155 : int . antique market . craft emporium . dusk . the kind of store head open in abandon warehouse . a jungle of jewelry and cane furniture and ethnic junk . many chair of the ilk Berlin see in the volkswagen van . and now he 's stare at its driver . his p.o.v. through window . he watch as a red head girl clear the till in preparation to close up . within moment the light be dead and amanda be head for she door . 156 : ext . market / warehouse . car park . dusk . plenty of rain to hurry in . amanda . drive a red datsun . she ex - its the car park with a man in a brown chevrolet follow she . 157 : ext / int . car / street . suburb . oakland . night . the chevy tail the datsun through city street . a lot of rush hour traffic . Music to go with it and it 's probably mussorgsky . a final cut and headlight be navigate the hill . disappear and reappear as they ascend . steep incline and the house be middle class . too dark to see much now but lamp post and rain . still climb the datsun take a side street . berlin keep 50 yard behind . she turn off and park in a sloping driveway . a white volkswagen van at the top of it . berlin have already pull - ed over . kill he light and watch she hurry into the house . 158 : ext . steep stair . porch . house . night . berlin just ring the doorbell . impose a impartial expression . but this be he last chance and he know it . the front door be open &amp ; secure on a safety - chain . amanda carry a white cat . berlin I be sorry to trouble you , but eh .. wait a minute , do not I know you ? and she stare like he do not . before she stare like he do . you be amanda ? remember , you near - ly run into I ? Way up in trinity ? his smile disarm the security . and she open the front door . amanda as I say , sergeant , you nearly run into I ? what 's the problem ? berlin I be afraid it 's the " van " again . amanda the van ? berlin be it you vehicle ? amanda no , my mother 's .. you better stop in .. I be just here to feed the cat . 159 : int . hallway . house . night . so far so good . Inside without show a i.d. he do not have . this be a gloomy place . she shut the door . shut out the gale . berlin I be sorry to worry you with this , but we have a real serious robbery , and we - be chase a white v.w. van ? you guy come up a the computer , so as a matt - er of routine we have to check . could you tell I who 's drive it recently ? amanda only I and Mom .. berlin how about any guy on you staff ? amanda we only get one .. he do not drive . berlin [ amanda ] would he have leat it to anyone ? [ no ] how bout you dad ? husband ? boyfriend ? amanda he be my boyfriend . my fath - er 's dead , and I be divorced . berlin I see ... his hope be collapse by the moment and nothing else be leave . would you mind if I take a look at it ? amanda I think this be " routine ? " the cat cry for its food and amanda begin to look suspicious . the only man that have drive it in the last 6 month be my uncle . and no way be he involved in a robbery . berlin could I have he name ? just so I can officially eliminate he ? maybe too much charge in he head and she do not like the vibe ? amanda could I see you badge again ? sure she can and he search for it . " must have leave it at home ? " then you better go and get it . I feel uncomfortable without a i.d. amanda open the front door just long enough for berlin to leave . 160 : int . live room / kitchen . house . night . the emerge Music be full of threat . like it 's part of the dark - ness . too dark to see much of anything here . a sound of somebody hammer at a door . a light outside and the camera move closer . creep towards the door as though it 's go to answer . suddenly glass shatter . the door fly open . flashlight and Men rush in . 161 . int . chevrolet sedan . STREET . night . berlin stare towards the house . Music and rain and a downstairs light just wont out . headlights go on and the datsun drive away . 162 : int . chimney flue / bedroom . berlin' house . night . a flashlight search cobweb and soot . descend the chimney and taylor emerge from a long - seal - off fireplace . blink dirt out of he eye and move back into the bedroom . upended bed against the wall and everything upsidedow . the search look like it have be thorough . St anne appear at the door and taylor look over . taylor we be not gonna find nothin here . 163 : int . master bedroom . ( amanda be ) house . night . berlin search the bedroom . anxiety and antique . do a vanity and now a wardrobe . nothing much in either . but find a shoe box full of letter in the latter . postcard / birthday card etcetera . 164 : int . bathroom . berlin' house . night . half the floorboard already up . venable lever at another . the music be nervous and louder . next floorboard be next to the bath . 165 : int . bedroom / wardrobe . ( amanda be ) house . night . Big close on a postcard ( a fantasy yacht on a blue sea ) . the cap - tion read " just another day in san diego . " Close enough to read the message " .. too hot .. asthma not too good .. as soon as I be settle I will write .. love John .. " next letter out be also post - mark San Diego . Inside be a happy snap of sergeant John Taylor . 166 : int . bathroom . berlin' house . night . almost too close to see what 's happen . but a glove hand just find a pistol under the bath . out it come with bisley shouting . and St anne and taylor arrive . " get a little walther . it 's a 25 . " 167 : int . live room . the ross residence . day . helena look at the floor and listen . margie look at the t.v. and listen . Big close on the screen . this scene will intercut between the television and that in front of it as appropriate . [ 1 ] a exterior shot of Berlin 's house . sheriff 's car park out front . various people come and go . one of they be sergeant Taylor . perpetual wind on the sound track interrupt by a v.o. male reporter detective spend several hour this morning at sergeant Berlin 's home .. various property be remove for ex - amination . later in the morning , May - or heineman arrive for a meeting with police officer from shasta Valley .. [ 2 ] heineman 's b.m.w. pull up outside the police station and this be conduct on the move . a reporter ask " what 's the nat - ure of this meeting , Sir ? " heineman be sorry but can not comment . he pause briefly a the step with the wind savaging he hair . heineman ( t.v. ) Jim unable to say anything right now , except , this be a very sad and tragic day . John Berlin lie to we all . lied to I , and much worse , lie to every man , woman , &amp ; child in this community .. woman reporter ( t.v. ) where be Mr Berlin arrest , Sir ? heineman ( t.v. ) near the Ross residence .. six a.m. .. male reporter ( t.v. ) who make the arrest ? heineman ( t.v. ) sergeant John Taylor . assist - ed by sergeant angelo serato .. helena look in utmost despair . " be it true he resist arrest ? " you will have to put that question to the Chief . I have nothing to add . bobby appear somewhere behind the lady . t.v. commentary con - tinue . " meanwhile , sergeant Berlin remain in a cell at police headquarters arraign on what be believe to be a $ 500,000.00 bail . as Mayor heineman say , this , be a ' sad day ' for Eureka . " except for the one face that be not sad and it belong to bobby . 168 : int . corridor / cell . police station . day . the cell window be reinforce glass . berlin smashes on it like a insane man . travis ( apparently on cell duty ) have never see nothing like this before . citrine do not want to see any more . berlin I will sign anything you want . please . bring here she .. I want helena here .. citrine you be not talk to no one , till you calm down . berlin I be calm .. I be calm .. but he be not and citrine move off . berlin crack blood out of knuckle on the glass . holler up the corridor after the Chief . get St Anne .. I want St Anne .. 169 : ext . drive . the ross residence . day . gale still make a mass of the tree . a police chevy pull up and taylor get out . put a knuckle on the window of a black &amp ; white . a uniform wake and taylor interrupt he apology " go . " and the young cop do the drive as taylor head for the house . 170 : int . stair / live room . the ross residence . day . helena descend the stair with she luggage . she 's towards the bottom when taylor appear via the kitchen . light momentarily stall as the gale suck they electricity . ignorant of he pre - sence she lose she bag and disappear into the de . he move after she and startles the shit out of margie as she come out . margie Jesus . what be you do here ? taylor be try to call , you line 's down .. I just wanna let you know we be take the guard off today . margie head for a table and unload a strong - box of document . be she go somewhere ? margie I be take she back to the instit - ute . her new term start tomorrow . he watch she select various papers aware of what she 's about . taylor not gonna try and bail he be you ? I really would not bother , margie .. helena reappear wear a coat and taylor be in generous mood . you want I to drive she ? .. I be through with my shift .. margie no .. I will drive she .. 171 : int . cell . police station . day . here 's a classic twenty - two . berlin be consume with anxiety &amp ; rage . but get mad in here and get nothing . no shoe string and no wrist watch . but a wrist -band like something medical summar - izing he charge . St anne sit impassive as berlin walk floor . berlin I will sign anything you like - you write it , I will sign it . but I want she and margie here . I want a opp - ortunity to talk to they - that 's all I be ask ? - that 's my deal ? .. St anne o.k . I will put it to you Chief ? berlin well , you would better put it to he pretty damme quick , Mr St Anne , because if you do not , she 's dead . St anne do not push she down stair on they previous meeting , do he ? berlin he be up there to plant the gun . St anne do Taylor plant this , too ? produce a Zippo in a plastic sack and berlin 's sense capsize . be it yours ? a question for which St anne expect no answer and he be right . we find " Jennifer eight . " at least , we have find a headless and handless girl . a couple of hunter find she . maybe berlin ask he " where " or maybe he expression 's enough ? about 4 mile south of the institute , less than 50 foot from the road . this be less than 100 foot from the body . berlin can not believe it and know St anne would not believe he . be it yours ? - ( no answer ) - I know it 's yours ? - you know it 's yours ? the only print on it be freddy 's ? you wanna tell I how it get there ? berlin would not believe it either . door open and travis enter . travis margie Ross put up you bond , sir. St anne and berlin look surprised . and berlin look at St anne . berlin be you get in the way of it ? St anne examine the bail / bond paper and raise eye to berlin . St anne I do not make the law . 172 : ext . the ross residence . dusk . Music on the cut and this be a crane shot high above the house . a car tear up the drive with the camera descend to meet it . berlin out and into the house . and still the gale howl around . 173 : int . downstair room . house . dusk . darkness and silence . where the hell be everyone ? he quick it to the de , cartoon on t.v. but no one watch . with escalat - ing concern he hit the kitchen and now he 's shouting upstairs . " margie . margie . " about to climb when bobby appear at the top . bobby there 's no one here . berlin where be they ? bobby Mom take she back to the institute . berlin freeze . he maybe say " what ? " he definitely say " when ? " I dunno . how come they let you out ? berlin be margie with she ? be she with she ? bobby no , she come back and go out ag - ain .. go to see auntie Charles .. berlin have already grab a telephone . aware it 's dead before bobby tell he " they be all out around here . " he wander down - stair in apparent oblivion to berlin 's distress . berlin race back to the de and new problem . desperate to get at the gun but all cabinet lock " where 's the key , Bobby ? I need a gun . " they're my dad 's gun . berlin come on , Bobby , for God 's sake . I wanna get the man that kill he . bobby stare at berlin as though he 's stare at that very man . bobby I hate you .. I really hate you .. he turn away into the darkness . berlin look frantic and with - out option . smash the cabinet with a chair . grab a 44 rev - olver plus a 12 gauge remington and the slug that go with it . 174 : ext . freeway intersection . night . Wide over a intersection . Berlin 's chevy cross a bridge and descend into light . Music travel with he but the camera be - main static . watch tail light dissolve into a river of red . 175 : ext . freeway . night . track back with the car . as yet 100 yard away . move fast and get closer . as it approach a remote sound of a phone drift in . and headlight so near now they wipe out everything . 176 : int . chevy sedan . freeway . night . start to sleet and windshield wiper on . the phone be still ringing like it 's at the end of Berlin 's brain . like it 's part of he thought mix up with the nightmare he 's hearing again . berlin ( v.o. ) go take a look in he office . it 's fulla rattan - that 's the connect - ion , that 's the " link " - that 's why they never get a i.d . - he kill blind girl - put they picture in the newspaper , and 99 percent of the people who know they be blind .. intercutting berlin 's fearful eye with he p.o.v. of the road . St anne ( v.o. ) havta be a real dope to kill she now , would not he ? I mean , we be talk real , full - blow , insane ? berlin ( v.o. ) he be insane . his fucken brain 's upside down . but he 's also very cun . he 's not go after she with a " Pearl handled colt , " he - will just push she down the stair .. just the sound of though phone and the road dissolve into black . 177 : int . corridor . shasta -trinity institute . night . a miserable corridor with the merest of light . a phone ring somewhere at its end . helena be on she way up the corridor and the ringing be louder . find key and walk into she apartment . 178 : int . apartment . shasta -trinity institute . night . phone in close - up and the frame widen as helena head towards it . reaches out and be maybe a second away before it ring off . 179 : int / ext . phone booth . gas station . night . this be a little country stop some place a the periphery of the snow - line . berlin slam the phone down and run to he car . screech out onto the highway and the camera begin to ascend . the camera climb higher revealing somber mountain . plus mile upon mile of road he have yet to travel . still it ascend until the chevrolet be reduce to a insignificance by the landscape . 180 : ext . shasta -trinity institute . night . a panoramic over the institute wide enough to include surround - ing forest . headlights approach down a wood track and go out . just possible to see a tiny figure move towards the building . 181 : ext . FIRE escape . institute . night . High on the fire escape look down . a flashlight arrive bel - ow . eerie fragmentation of light as the figure begin to climb . 182 : ext . chevy sedan / road . shasta valley . night . the highway be wind and narrow with snow . could not find a lousier road on which to overtake . berlin be right up behind a forty ton truck and he 's try to overtake . Hit the horn and try again . halfway past the trailer when a bend suddenly rel - ease headlight . a angry claxon and he 's force to pull back . 183 : int . bedroom . apartment . institute . night . although curtain be open the room be in darkness . someone on the fire escape look in . a flashlight snap on and a circle of light explore the room . creep across the floor and pause at the bed . climb slowly to illuminate helena 's sleep face . 144 : ext . FIRE escape . institute . night . Close - up sound and close - up picture . a glass - cutter score the window . a nasty noise but you would have to be wide awake and list - ening to hear it . a glove fist punch the section out . Falls to the floor and shatter . and a hand reach in for the catch . 145 : int . bedroom / live room . apartment . night . helena be wide awake and listen . hurrying into she dress gown with a similar urgency to get out . she arrive in the liv - ing room as the figure be clamber through the window . panic as she blunder for the front door . tear it open and vanish into the corridor . he cross the room and follow she outside . 186 : int . corridor / stair . institute . night . helena know the building and move faster than he may have ex - pect . Green dress gown and bare foot . White nightgown and blonde hair . the man in black hurry after she . she 's already at the swing door and he 's virtually run to stay with she . she burst through the door and rush downstairs . he follow only second behind . the wind groan down as they descend . hel - ENA turn a corner of the stairwell and momentarily disappear . for a moment he lose she ! which way do she go ? downstair or along the corridor ? his anxiety be immediately assuage . spot what already look like a ghost flee into shadow . he take off along the corridor . get breathless . but get closer . near enough now to sense she fear . near enough now to grab she . taylor say night , night , dead girl . as he reach for she she turn . margie wear a green dress gown and a blonde wig and have a very big fuck pistol in she hand . taylor can not believe what he 's look at . and for a in - stant neither do margie . they surprise be mutually stun . how can it be he ? how can it be she ? taylor 's still try to work out how they make the switch when the first bullet smack into he chest . get another as he go down . he crumple in a deadly heap and revenge be complete with two more in the back . 187 : int . landing / stair . institute . night . margie barge through the door . the myopic janitor be halfway up adjacent stair peer down . no time for introduction and no time for explanation . " call the Police . do it. now . " shout - ing up at he she 's already descend . " tell they the gymnasium . " 188 : int . gymnasium . institute . night . margie patrol plate glass window . where be the fuck cop ? she 's shocked and look strange indeed . wig off but hair grip all over she head . a overcoat and shoe but still wear the nightgown underneath . a couple of dreary light in the ceiling . helena sit numb under one of they all but hide in a blanket . margie can not stand wait any longer . " I be gonna call they my - self . " helena nod and sure she 's o.k. to stay here . the door settle and she be alone . headlights cross the window shifting the shadow of everything . swoop the wall they move attent - ion back to the door . taylor stare in and then push through . worse for wear but very much alive . discard he leather jack - et revealing the bullet proof vest . blood all over he T-shirt . look like he catch one in the shoulder . a bad burn and blood run from he leave hand . in he right hand he clasp the knife . he crack it open like a whip . helena hear it and stand . ter - ror as the footstep approach . " margie . margie . " but margie be - not around . he 's less than 30 foot away . she try to back off but be hinder by the blanket . tries to scream but be stifle with fear . maybe six second to live but this refer to Taylor . " Taylor " he swing around but this time he do not get time to look surprised . berlin blow the fucker across the room . solid load slug weigh a ounce each crash into he . berlin keep pump the remington and do not stop fire until the magaz - ine be over . no conjecture now . this bastard be very much dead . berlin throw the 12 gauge aside . and maybe it mean something . maybe at last he accept he 's stop live in that world and ready to give himself a chance in this . helena in he arm and this be he new world . flash light and headlight flood in - to the darkness . they embrace go on . and this story be tell . the end