jerry maguire earth from space the blue marble as see from space . we hear the calm voice of Jerry Maguire , talk just to we . jerry's voice airight so this be the world and there be five billion people on it . when I be a kid there be three . it 's hard to keep up . america from space the great continent through mist and swirl sky . ( satellite and other piece of skycast equipment float by . ) jerry's voice that 's better . that 's america . see , America still set the tone for the world ... kid on basketball court a puberty - ravage kid dribble a basketball , stare straight at we . jerry's voice in Indiana -- Clark hodd . 13 . the best point guard in the country . puberty have not be easy . discreetly , he hand slip into he pants and scratch . girl on a high dive she 's poise . a faraway look in she eye . jerry's voice ( continue ) Becky farling . you will see she in the next Olympic . she launch she dive into mid-air , into nothingness . on teenage girl boxer throw punch toward the camera . 2 . jerry's voice Seattle , Washington . Dallas malloy . go to court to be allow to box professionally . she 's 16 . on a young baseball player at bat . jerry's voice Art stalling , indio , California . check out what pure joy look like . he swat a pitch -- not out of the park , it 's much sweeter than that . he drill it over the first baseman 's head , just out of reach of he glove . Art run to first , laugh . pat the first baseman 's butt . gotcha . on golden boy quarterback -- frank cushman a line of NFL scout watch a dazzle pass from a future star . jerry's voice in odessa , Texas , the great Frank cushman . cush be 20 . quarterback , role model , my client . he will probably go number one in the draft this year . cush turn into a closer shot . he 's a live magazine cover . a young championship golfer eyeing a long but level putt . jerry's voice there 's genius everywhere , but until they turn pro , it 's like popcorn in the pan . some pop ... the kid miss the shot , whip he club at he coach . jerry's voice ( continue ) ... some do not . hold on the kid , he 's all youthful adrenalin , breathe hard . portrait of a intense young competitor . smash CUT to : 3. int . NFL owner meeting / palm desert four season -- day a wall of new NFL merchandise . Television monitor blink with the latest endorsement film . into frame move jerry maguire , 35 . he walk briskly and smoothly , yellow legal tablet in hand , at home in this lobby fill with athlete and Sports team owner . we hear herb alpert 's epic instrumental , " the Lonely bull . " jerry's voice now I be the guy you do not usually see . I be the one behind the scene . I be the sport agent . int . NFL owner' meeting lobby -- minute later Jerry sit in a red leather chair , across from a agitate General manager . he cooly work out figure on a yellow legal tablet . jerry easy now , we can spread this number over five year ... jerry's voice you know that photo where the new player hold up the team jersey and pose with the owner ? flash of photo anonymous athlete hold up jersey , stand next to team owner . Zoom in on someone 's shirt - sleeve on leave of frame . jerry's voice ( continue ) that 's I on the leave . on anonymous newport beach build jerry's voice Inside that building , that 's where I work . Sports management International . int . SMI conference room -- day the SMI agent be a fierce , happy bunch . they sit in a carefully appoint conference room . Sports photo and poster be frame on the wall . the sign of global marketing be omnipresent . each agent have a silver tray contain soft drink and a glass pitcher of water . through the glass window , we see a large office divide up into many cubicle . 4. jerry's voice thirty - three out of shape agent guide the career of 2,120 of the most finely - tune athlete alive ... near the end of the table sit Jerry Maguire . the word " million " appear often and easily in he conversation . shot move in . jerry's voice ( continue ) ... in this economy , sometimes emotion run a little high . int . underground parking garage -- houston -- day a unmark car pull into the underground parking facility of the Houston Police Department . a cluster of chatter media member move in on the car . ( " baja ! ! " " baja , over here !! " ) back door open , and out step Jerry Maguire with huge offensive lineman , bobby " baja " brunard , 22 . he be angry , and he be handcuff . woman reporter be the girl 16 or seventeen ? man reporter be you aim at anyone when you fire the shot in the 7/l1 ? Jerry whip in between baja and the taunting media , block he off and force he through the glass door into the police department . professional smile in place , Maguire attempt spin . jerry listen , there 's no proof of anything except that this guy be a sensational athlete . in the background , we hear baja bellow insult at the press . int . atlanta red carpet room -- another day Jerry now sit next to a tower white 27 year - old basketball player with a bad haircut . he be calvin nack . they be signing a contract in the airport lounge . a little boy approach the player with a basketball trading card . little boy be you calvin nack ? could you sign my card ? 5 . nack bend down with a kindly - look face . calvin nack I be sorry little fella . I can not sign that particular brand of card . I can only sign pro- jam Blue dot card . the Little Boy look confuse . as calvin nack turn to grab a orange juice from a barmaid , Jerry smoothly dish off a business card to the little boy . jerry's voice lately , it 's get worse . int . hospital bedroom -- night hockey player steve remo , 33 , be a big man in a small bed . he be in traction , with concussion . doctor stand nearby , shoot Jerry a look of concern . family be nearby . doctor do you know you name ? steve remo I uh ... wait . wait , here it come . I have it . my name be Steve remo . I play for the blackhawks . ( now on a roll ) you be my son . this pretty lady be my wife . and you be ... Jerry nod encouragingly , present he best " familiar " face . steve remo ( continue ) my agent ! jerry yes ! steve remo and I gotta play this weekend , Doc . if I play in 65 % of the game , I make my bonus . ext . hospital hallway -- night remo 's 14 year - old son ( jesse ) confront Jerry outside the hospital room . he 's a hulk kid , a pop Warner football player himself . his voice be in the process of change . 6 . son this be he fourth concussion . should not somebody get he to stop ? as he talk , Jerry 's cellular phone ring in he bag . jerry ( glib , easy ) come on -- it would take a tank to stop you dad . it would take all five Super trooper vr Warrior , right ? the kid stare at Maguire . it feel as if the kid be peer into he soul ... and all he see be trash . son fuck you . the kid turn and exit in disgust . he leave Jerry stand in the hallway . devastate . Music . ext . rental car shuttle -- day Jerry Maguire upset in a rental shuttle . pass through frame . Music . phone still ringing . int . miami HOTEL room -- day Jerry sleep . jerry's voice two night later in Miami at we corporate conference , a breakthrough . breakdown ? breakthrough . Jerry 's eye open . breathe strangely . tremble , he hold onto the nightstand for ground . he get up , take a few gulp of air , walk to mini-bar . gather some tiny ice cube in he hand , smear they across he face . this feel be new to he . jerry's voice ( continue ) it be the oddest , most unexpected thing . I begin write what they call a Mission statement for my company . you know -- a Mission statement -- a suggestion for the future . 7. int . miami HOTEL room -- night Jerry type , a pot of coffee and tray of room service nearby . we watch he face , alive now . there be a direct line from the deep part of he to the word he 's type . his finger fly . even he eye grow moist . jerry's voice what start out as one page become twenty - five . suddenly I be my father 's son . I be remember the simple pleasure of this job , how I end up here out of law school , the way a stadium sound when one of my player perform well on the field ... I be remember even the word of the late dicky Fox , the original sport agent , who say : shot of dicky fox dicky fox the key to this job be personal relationship . as Jerry continue type , he voice be excited now . jerry's voice and suddenly it be all pretty clear . the answer be fewer client . care for they , caring for ourselves , and the game too . start we life , really . shot of sentence : we must embrace what be still virginal about we own enthusiasm , we must crack open the tightly clench fist and give back a little for the common good , we must simply be the best version of ourselves ... that goodness will be unbeatable and the money will appear . he pause , and wipe he eye , still consider the sentence . jerry's voice ( continue ) hey , I will be the first to admit it . what I be write be somewhat " touchy feely . " he delete it . and then -- zip -- he restore it and continue on , boldly . 8. jerry's voice ( continue ) I do not care . I have lose the ability to bullshit . it be the I I would always want to be . int . kinko' copy -- night Jerry in T-shirt stand proudly watch copy pump out . wire college student , band guy , other copy people of the night nearby . jerry's voice I print it up in the middle of the night , before I could re-think it . industrial , multi-pierce kinko 's copy guy examine the first print copy of the Mission statement . he nod approvingly , tap he heart in tribute . he slide a copy across the counter , for Jerry 's approval . the thing we think and do not say ( the future of we Business ) kinko' guy that 's how you become great , man . you hang you ba11 out there . Jerry nod . it 's 3 am , and this guy sound and look like a prophet . in fact , everyone in kinko 's at 3 am do . jerry ( self -efface ) thanks . on memo be stuff into mail - slot . int . HOTEL room -- morning Jerry splashes water onto he face . the sun be come up . he look young , lighter . on tv movie ( jerry watching ) suddenly , dramatic movie score . it 's dana andrew , show gene tierney the newspaper report of she death in Laura . ( " someone be murder in this room last night ... any idea who it be ? " ) camera whip to Jerry , stand watch as he pack . a slight concern on he face . he move to the phone , and dial with urgency . 9 . jerry hi , it 's jerry maguire . uh , listen do that manuscript get ... oh they do ... no no no no no , that 's fine ... int . elevator -- day jerry Jerry in suit , alone with he luggage . dry throat . clammy , hold onto the handrail to steady himself . int . lobby -- day the lobby be fill with SMI agent . the blue Mission statement be in evidence everywhere . Jerry inconspicuously turn the corner , yearn to blend in . it 's impossible , the recognition ripple through the lobby . underl agent bob sugar , 25 , be the first to grab Maguire by the shoulder . ( " finally , someone say it ! " ) suddenly another agent begin to clap , then reluctantly , another . soon , the ovation rock the lobby . ( in a three - shot near the front desk , we see a 26 year - old female employee of SMI applaud with Mission statement in hand , she sleepy son at she side . ) Jerry motion for they all to stop , but clearly he could listen forever . it be a watersh moment in he life . jerry's voice I be 35 . I have start my life . swing off Maguire to find two agent stand clap enthusiastically near the elevator . one offer gum to the other . agent # 1 ( rachel ) how long you give he ? agent # 2 ( CHRIS ) mmmm . a week . on airplane wheel fold up into a plane , as music and credit end . int . airplane / first CLASS -- night we move past a snore businessman , onto tired but adrenalize Jerry Maguire . he sit in first -class , work on he laptop , a pile of newspaper and magazine nearby . the woman passenger next to he , 3oish , finish up a spicy phone conversation with she boyfriend . 10 . woman monkeyface ... monkeyface , listen ... I be not go to say it here .... no ... Jerry continue to work , as he laptop now beep . battery 's low . woman ( continue ) ... oh listen , I get you the perfect white shirt , at this out of the way place ... no ... quit try to make I say it ! Jerry shut off he laptop and prepare for sleep . try not to listen . woman ( continue ) how about if I do it and do not say it ... mmmm ... see you soon ... she laugh seductively and hang up . she be still buzze from the conversation . Jerry turn to she , surprising she . jerry I have to ask . woman ( protective ) what -- jerry where would you find the perfect white shirt ? she laugh , it 's a infectious laugh -- two stranger enjoy the good life -- as we drift back three row , past the panel separate the cool comfort of first class from the stuffy airless and uncomfortable world of coach . we meet dorothy boyd , 26 . a harry passenger on this bus in the sky . her clothes be part- contemporary , part mother - functional . she be never as compose or in control as she want to be . right now she be devote to the sneezing kid in the wrinkle white - shirt sit next to she . it be ray , she five - year old son . dorothy be cover in toy and book . stuff into the side pocket be Jerry 's Mission statement . the easy laughter from three row ahead wash over she like cold water , as she ring again for a Flight attendant . the overworked attendant arrive , piss , snap off the bell . 11 . dorothy look , my son be allergic to the material in this blanket - attendant that 's all we have . the attendant offer a bundle of soggy cocktail napkin and be about to exit as Ray make a gag noise . he 's about to get sick . both woman reach for a airsick bag , and get it to he mouth just in time . they face be now inch apart . attendant ( continue ) I be sorry I be rude just then -- dorothy it 's okay . we be in it together now ... the attendant now exit helpfully with the bag . woman' voice do not take anything I say seriously ! I love to flirt ! dorothy , irritate , lean out into the aisle to look for the head that belong to this voice . back to jerry and woman woman you be with the sport people on the plane , right ? jerry Jerry Maguire . SMI . woman bobbi fallon . bpi . I be produce the Coke commercial for the playoff . jerry well . good luck with that -- he nod , as he reach up to shut off the light . politely stifles another yawn . he shut he eye , settles into sleep . bobbi lean into he darkness . woman can I just get a quick " man 's " opinion from you on something ? dissolve to : 12 . int . first CLASS seat -- later bobbi be intense now , unburdene , as tired Jerry listen like a priest . woman and I can not say he name without laugh I want to eat he up . I want to say goodbye to every bad think I ever have about relationship . I mean , I crave this guy ... and yet ... why ... why do I have that affair this weekend ? do that mean I be not in love with my boyfriend ? jerry I think you will know when you see he at the gate . woman it 's the death rattle of my singlehood , right ? because I finally see the white picket fence loom and I love it / hate it / love it / hate it / love it ... you be right , I will know when I see he . why be it so easy to talk with you ?! tell I about you fiancee . Maguire fight another yawn . jerry I uh ... do not think we be quite at you pitch yet . woman tell I , and then you can sleep . jerry she 's a NFL publicist ... amazing sense of style ... former athlete ... volleyball ... world class ... really know how to live every moment of she life , which be why I should take a nap now ... back to dorothy her sleep son now silent , she can not help but listen . woman' voice tell I how you propose . I collect romantic proposal storey . 13 . jerry no no ... dorothy ( impatient ) oh , tell the story . woman oh , tell the story . back to jerry -- later jerry -- so we first date , she tell I about she favorite place in the world , the seven pool of Hana on the island of maui ... woman gorgeous . jerry a year - and -a-half later , we be both in Hawaii for the pro bowl . now I have always hit a wall at 18 month . every serious girlfriend last 18 month . it 's like -- ka - boom . the curse of 18 month . woman that 's when you need to cement , and define define define . jerry exactly . and the world do not need another 35 year - old bachelor . I know I want to propose , so I take she there . woman to the pool ? jerry to the pool . now she 's miss rock climber , and I be more the non-rock climber , but we be hike up through the pool and there 's a fine mist in the air , and I have the ring in my pocket , and I be a little nervous , I be lag behind , and she say to I , get this -- " hurry up , klutz . " woman oh no -- 14 . jerry well , it bother I somewhat . and I get quiet . and now she 's quiet and we be both pout a little , you know . and I decide I be not go to propose . the mood be not right . why be impulsive ? now at this point I know she know that I be go to propose and do not . and she know I know . so the entire sixty mile ride back to the airport , we do not speak . and we be both good at that . we fly to honolulu in silence . we check into the pro bowl hotel -- woman how sad -- jerry but wait ... back to dorothy she be now craning out into the aisle to hear this story . the plane be now quieter . she listen to the easy sound of Jerry discuss he charme life . ray ( waking up ) mama -- dorothy shhh. mommy 's eavesdropp . he sneeze , three big one in a row . she hand he more kleenex , rivete on the story . and listen . jerry's voice now little do I know that my assistant . have assume that I have now propose . so she have get the lounge band to actually play " here come the bride " when we walk back in . dorothy laugh to herself , somewhat derisively . she try to share the laugh with she son , who stare at she . 15 . back to jerry -- later jerry which they do . and we be stand there . all the football guy be in the lobby , watch , there 's even a espn crew . so I turn to she and sort of grandly say , " well , this be I , klutz , ask you , goddess of rock climb , to marry I . " and I take out the ring , and I do not much like big scene , but she say " yes " right there in the lobby and some of the toughest man in football wept like baby . we be get marry in February . woman Jerry . you two will be together forever . back to dorothy she take one of she son 's kleenex sheet , as a elegant Flight attendant shut the curtain to first class . dorothy blow she nose , move against she will . ray what 's wrong , mom ? dorothy first class be what 's wrong . it use to be a better meal . now it 's a better life . she pull out the Mission statement , aware that she 's be listen to its author . she open it and begin to read . int . lax airport terminal -- morning Jerry Maguire exit the plane a few step behind bobbi fallon . jerry ( quietly , like a coach ) you will know when you see he . you will know when you see he . bobbi scan the crowd . she spot monkeyface , large and burly in tiger - print sweat . he look like mickey dolenz . he hold flower . 16 . woman oh my God , you be right . I know . ( Jerry smile ) he 's not the one . he 's not the one . Jerry 's face fall . bobbi fallon move into the embrace , fake it . Jerry move ahead , turn back to see the doom couple . melancholy now , he continue forward through the crowded airport and the expectant face of that wait for love one . Music . int . luggage area -- morning dorothy look through the rubber flap of the luggage conveyor belt . she clutches a cup of coffee . in the background , other SMI agent ' grab they bag and exit . dorothy Ray ! Ray ! Maguire enter picture , join she as she look into the dark depth behind the flap . jerry can I help ? dorothy oh . hi. I work in you office . I be on the junket to the conference . I be -- jerry I know who y6u be . you be dorothy boyd . you be in ... wait ... you be in account . you have the middle cubicle toward the back with that poster of Albert Einstein morphed onto shaquille 0 Neal 's body . dorothy ( surprised ) hmm . pretty good . jerry now what do you lose ? dorothy my son ... my mind ... over she shoulder , Maguire see Ray round the corner , riding the luggage conveyor belt like Washington crossing the delaware . 17 . jerry well , while I go look for he , why do not you hang onto this curious gentleman behind you -- dorothy turn , be greatly relieved to see Ray , and snatch he off the belt . she bend down into he face . she speak softly but intensely , with no frill . dorothy remember " imagination ? " ... remember what that mean ? well , this be one of my boss so you will now imagine I scream at you right now . do not do that again . ever ever ever . she rise , shifting back to be a somewhat relaxed young woman of 26 . it 's a transition she make , oh , 500 time a day . dorothy ( continue ) well , thanks . jerry well , take care . dorothy and have fun at you bachelor party . Jerry pause just a moment , but it 's long enough . dorothy freeze . dorothy ( continue ) oh no . jerry no no . I know . dorothy ( slow sigh ) nnnnn . I just kill the surprise . jerry no , I be just ... anxiously look past it . I already have my bachelor party . it be call " my twenty . " see you later . Jerry take off . 18 . dorothy I love you memo , by the way . he stop . turn . she flash the well - thumbed copy in she purse . Jerry take a step closer , interested and flatter . jerry thanks ... actually , it be just a " Mission statement . " Ray have take Jerry 's free hand , and begin swinging on he . dorothy I think in this age , optimism like that ... it 's a revolutionary act . jerry ( eager for feedback ) you think so ? dorothy oh tsht . yes . jerry I appreciate that , because some of that stuff ... you know , it be two in the morning and ... dorothy -- the part about " we should embrace what it be still virginal about we enthusiasm " -- Jerry look slightly edgy at the naked vulnerability of he word . dorothy ( continue ) -- " and we should all force open the tightly - clench fist of commerce , and give a little back for the great good . " . I mean , I be inspire , and I be a accountant . Ray , do not spill my coffee . Jerry look more nervous , as Ray have now take he mother 's hand . he be now swinging on both of they . ray one-two-three ... swing . 19 . dorothy hey . to respect yourself enough to say it out loud , to put yourself out there , so openly ... ( shake she head ) ... I do not know , it get I . now Jerry look concerned , as Ray continue swinging happily . ray one-two - three , swing . jerry thanks . May I offer you both a ride ? dorothy oh no . I be sure it would just make you day to drive we all the way to Manhattan Beach , take that leave down to little tiny waterloo street where you have to play chicken with oncoming traffic , and you life flash before you eye , but -- hey , I have obviously have too much coffee and all -- here 's my sister Laurel to pick we up . thanks , though . bye . jerry ( amused ) dorothy . Ray . a pleasure . ray one-two ... Jerry let Ray down easy . the kid be a little disappointed . but Maguire bow , always courtly , and exit to get he bag . he then realize something amiss and return quickly , pull Ray 's hand up again and complete the swing . jerry ... three , swing . Ray be now happy , in love even , as Jerry exit . dorothy laugh , as she sister arrive . laurel boyd be 36 . no make - up , no bullshit . Laurel have a pin on she sweater , which catch on dorothy 's shirt as they hug . laurel come on , I be double - park . dorothy return to the world of motherhood , bend down , gather Ray 's toy . she wipe at Ray 's hair . 20 . ( " do not put food in you hair . " ) she be surprised that she 's a little jazze from she encounter with Jerry Maguire . she can not help but look back at Jerry , who catch she look . he salute she , with mock circumstance . she return it with a guilty smile . he disappear , and she find herself oddly short of breath . dorothy ( to herself ) hmmph . whoever snag he must be some classy babe -- int . avery bedroom -- night avery bishor , 29 , make love to Jerry Maguire at fever pitch . they be stand on the bed , which be in the corner . avery do not ever stop fuck I ! jerry sooner ... or later ... I will have to stop . avery oh gawd , oh yes , it 's never be better . never better !! nearby , a large and sleepy german shepard yawn . avery ( continue ) never better !! the dog snap awake , a little shook . avery suddenly yank away . breathe hard , she just look at Jerry . sex be a very serious business with avery . avery ( continue ) open you eye . ( he do ) if you ever want I to be with another woman for you , I would do it . I be not interested in it . there be a time , yes , it feel normal for I , but it be a phase , a college thing , like tear Levi 's or law school for you ... people change , but if you ever feel like be adventurous in that way , I would do it for you . you want anything from the kitchen I be go to get some fruit -- 21 . she skip off like a colt . Jerry digest what he 's just be tell . jerry ( to the next room ) you know . I do not think we need to do the thing where we tell each other everything ! avery ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) Jerry , this be what intimacy be ! Jerry rub he face , as he do often when processing complex information . avery ( 0.5 . ) oh -- do not forget tomorrow we have dinner with Wade cooksey . jerry ( 0.5 . ) I know about the bachelor party . avery return . her robo body , half - light now in the hallway , be a glorious life - long project . avery who tell you ? jerry one of the accountant . she make a piss - off sound . she then walk over , take he shoulder and bend they forward . she be a expert at body manipulation , loosen he as she talk . avery Jerry . you buddy dooler work he ass off to make you a tribute film . all that guy from the office be come . everybody love you . just calm down , relax , act surprised , and have a amazing time . and you will never guess who narrate you bachelor movie . int . fancy HOTEL suite -- night Jerry enter the hotel suite and over - act surprise . he fall down , clutching he heart , feign a attack . he look around for a bigger reaction than he actually get . the film -- shown on big - screen t.v. it be host by michael jordan . 22 . michael jordan I have often wonder where my career would have be have Jerry Maguire be my agent . the answer -- Yugoslavia . tepid laugh , as many of the agent turn and grab furtive look at Maguire , who stand at the back of the room with he friend bill dooler . dooler , husky , 30 , look like a beatnik on steroid . dooler you hear that courtesy laugh , Jerry ? there be a seethe wrongness at the edge of this party . jerry oh come on -- dooler this be fuckin Michael Jordan , man ! they should be scream . jerry ( eying crowd ) you be imagine it . they be join by unctuous agent Bob sugar . sugar be a Maguire wannabee . put a arm on Jerry 's shoulder . sugar we still have lunch tomorrow , Jerry ? look like Carl Denton test positive for marijuana . that move cush solidly up to numero uno in the draft . dooler oh , that will really help this party ! let 's all talk business ! jerry dooler , you know Bob sugar . sugar ( smoothly ) the best commercial director in the business . I hail you . dooler sorry I yell . you have exquisite taste . 23 . sugar everybody 's have a great time . you be both nut -- the movie 's great . sugar move on , cheerfully . dooler I like that guy . ( the movie , which play simultaneously with the conversation , be a hi-8 confessional of Jerry 's former girlfriend . michael jordan be cut into this , nodd , as if he be actually interview . the effect be funny , but the confession be brutally honest . there be the one he be too good for , the one he be not good enough for ( " he hate be alone . " ) the still in Love girlfriend , the punk rock girlfriend ( " Sports make I ill " ) , the now married with kid girlfriend , the cynical girlfriend ( " beneath the cute exterior , more cute exterior . " ) the purely sexual girlfriend , the brainy girlfriend , ( " great at friendship , bad at intimacy " ) and even the girlfriend who do a great Jerry Imitation ( rub she face , she do a flawless jerry-on-his - way - to- the-airport ) . all seem to agree on some basic point ( and if necessary maybe Jordan narrate the follow information to underscore it . ) Jerry always have a girlfriend , and many meet he on the first day he would break up with the last one . the relationship always compete with he job , and the job always win . the final confrontation happen somewhere around the 18 - month mark . sequence end with avery in character , wield a blowtorch , threaten to burn all this old phone number . ) jerry ( wounded good sport ) ... this be ... uh ... too funny ... dooler they be not laugh , man . something 's wrong . Jerry nod , take a swig of beer . he know the response be little more than polite . none of the other agent can keep eye contact with he . dooler be right . on the screen , the finale feature a good-humored collage of Jerry photo , cut to music . int . SMI office -- day Elevator door open . Maguire be now paranoid . he walk through the buzzing SMI headquarters , head for he corner office . he be like a FBI man search treetop and corner for the gunman . everywhere he look be a potential grassy knoll . 24 . he pass fellow Agents , always smile , give a word of encouragement to a agent have a emotional hallway conversation with a athlete , even bend down to check the sheet of slide be approve by a very large but seat basketball player . move forward . there be trouble in the air , but only he seem to sense it . he turn corner and be meet by assistant wendy , who hand he a long list of call . the sheet flap against he leg as she move with he toward he back office . wendy ( as in ' get ready ' ) marcee 's here . she 's already in you office . jerry thanks , Wendy . int . jerry maguire's office -- day Jerry enter he corner office overlook both the shiny water of Newport Beach and a large mall parking lot . already stand , read the mail on he desk be lively marcee tidwell , 25 . African - american , gorgeous , a heat -seek smartbomb . she be also five month pregnant . jerry marcee . how 's my favorite player 's wife ? marcee Jerry , Rod be very very upset . tyson , no ! across the room , 4 year - old menace tyson cease try to pry a plexiglass case off the wall . jerry tyson , hello . tyson just stare at Jerry . Jerry have little luck with kid . he give marcee a quick peck and head for the fridge . he grab a two -pint bottle of orange gatorade -- another habit -- and sit down at he desk . he slip into crisis mode like a old shirt . jerry ( continue ) how can I make you life better ? marcee I know you say to take the Arizona offer , but my husband need more recognition . ( more ) 25 . marcee ( cont would ) he be the biggest , fastest , raddest wide - receiver in the league . now I do not know what you do for you four- percent -- the door open , Bob sugar poke he head in . sugar cronin 's okay for lunch ? jerry marcee -- this be one of we agent . this be Bob sugar , who need to learn to knock . sugar pleasure . marcee you have call we house , right ? sugar sorry to interrupt you guy . sugar exit . marcee resume at the exact point , at the exact level of intensity . marcee now I do not know what you do for you five - percent , but this man , my husband have a whole plan , a image ... we majore in marketing , Jerry , and when you put he in a waterbed warehouse commercial , excuse I , you be make he common . he be pure gold and you be give he " waterbed warehouse " when he deserve the big four -- shoe , car , clothing - line , soft-drink . the four jewel of the celebrity endorsement dollar . Jerry find himself admire she drive , and she command the best in he . the desk buzze , and Jerry ignore it . marcee ( continue ) you gonna get that -- jerry not a chance . she smile . 26 . jerry ( continue ) marcee , thing be change around here . you and Rod will have my total personal attention . marcee ( upping the ante ) damn right , and you can start by take Rod 's poster and put it where people can see it ! jerry ( it 's infectious ) damn right . he climb up on the edge of he sofa , and reach for the poster with he hang device . true to marcee 's complaint , the poster hang in the upper siberian region of he wall . marcee look at that handsome man , try to build a life up there by the air-conditioner . we be come to get ya , darlin ! we be so close to have it all ! on the poster -- close it be the kind of poster that be strictly the domain of second - tier player . command wide - receiver rod tidwell , 27 , stand shirtless , hand on hip , look vaguelyl uncomfortable . emplazon above he head : in rod we trust . elsewhere in the room , we hear the inevitable crash ( " tyson ! " ) . ext . cronin' grill -- afternoon crowd outdoor restaurant in the business district . Jerry sit down opposite Bob sugar , still make a few note . jerry gimme a second here ... tidwell ... Arizona contract ... new glass cabinet ... sugar you okay ? jerry ( look up ) I be fine . what 's up ? sugar I come here to let you go . 27 . jerry pardon I ? sugar come here to fire you , Jerry . for a long moment there be only silence . they study each other . this be two smart boy , each one anticipate the other 's next three or four move . sugar ( continue ) it 's real , Jerry . you ... you should say something . suddenly he 's flushed , a little embarrassed . jerry aw shit ... the crowded restaurant ... so there 's no scene ... sugar I know . it suck . I suck . in a back room , the waiter be sing the restaurant 's " birthday song " to someone else . Jerry be die . jerry you ... sugar ( razor sharp ) you do this to yourself . you say " fewer client . " you put it all on paper . scully be very upset . heart attack make some people sweeter , but not he . you do this to yourself -- Jerry 's mouth open to finish he sentence , but before he can speak , sugar continue . sugar ( continue ) -- although I do gotta hand it to you . for about five minute you have everyone applaud smaller revenue . quietly , Maguire finish the sentence he start earlier . jerry you ... ungrateful ... unctuous ... 28 . sugar ( unctuous ) ... dick ? jerry Dick . Maguire reach for water . the sound of the ice cube jangling be suddenly very loud to he . he be drown . sugar give I a little credit for do this face - to-face ! what I go through know I be go to do this to my mentor ! can you get past yourself for a second ? jerry you will lose . sugar ( musically ) you want smaller . jerry I be over it . now I want all my client and yours too . sugar Jerry -- jerry -- and I will get them . sugar ( patronize ) you will always be my hero , Jerry . always always always . we be bring other element in , we be focus on endorsement -- it 's not about handhold anymore . we be no longer babysitter -- Jerry fight the desire to use he fist . hang onto the table . he 's start to freak out now . try to calm down . sugar 's mouth keep move , but we hear the music in Jerry 's mind . rising percussive music . ext . STREET -- day Jerry try to move briskly down the street , through the lunchtime businessman traffic . back to the office . 29 . int . cronin' -- day sugar dine alone now . casually whip out a portable phone . int . SMI elevator -- day Jerry in the elevator , eye wide , mind racing . dorothy boyd see he , raise a hand to say hello . decide this be not a good time . int . SMI office -- day Close on Maguire as he move through the office , head to the back office . Music int . jerry's office -- day Maguire roll the fax machine over to he desk . he take a breath , and begin to go to work . from within he bottom drawer , he withdraw a powerbook . then from another drawer , a phone book . and then from he inner jacket pocket , a third smaller phone book . they be line in front of he now , as he dial . int . cushman home / odessa -- day Frank " cush " cushman pick up the phone . today , the young football God wear a yellow scarf on he head . he 's still play NBA jam on he gameboy ' as he talk . ext . cronin' -- day sugar at the table . chameleon - like , he adopt the personality of whomever he talk to . sugar cush . hey dudeboy ! it 's Bob sugar . listen , I be callin ' ya first ' cause you be the most important guy in sport ... int . jerry's office -- day Maguire on the telephone , fight hard , as he feed a fax into the machine at the same time . jerry carla , right now you be pay 25 % of you endorsment to SMI , I would cut my commission by 7 % ... as he talk , he take a stack of he Mission statement , once proudly set on he desk , and sentence they to the bottom drawer . 30 . ext . STREET -- day sugar stroll back to the office , talk on the portable . sugar you read that memo I snuck to you , the guy 's tired of the job . tire of make you money . int . jerry's office -- day Maguire feed a fax , type another fax on he powerbook , all while he talk quickly on the phone . jerry and when I get you that big contract in Chicago , and the fan poll in the sun-time be 93 % against you , who go and find you that sympathetic journalist who turn it all around , it be I ... int . sugar' office -- day several other agent work the cause behind sugar , who breeze through the call . sugar he 's cost you money , debra ... he 's oldschool . int . jerry's office -- day Jerry on the toilet . not a minute to spare . jerry SMI represent all three quarterback on you team , where 's they loyalty go to be ? you stay with I , I would fight for you alone . you would be my only client on that team ... int . sugar' office -- day sugar I have get the client . I have get the juice . int . SMI office -- day dorothy walk the center hallway with some contract . to the right and leave of she be the phone be ringing . 31 . something be amiss . she stop at the desk of fellow account exec cleo , 32 . dorothy what 's go on ? cleo ( no big deal ) they fire Jerry Maguire . do it at cronin' . dorothy groan softly , as she lower herself into she seat . she be strangely affect by the news . she scoot back on she roller chair , and look down the hallway to Maguire 's office door . int . jerry's office -- day the pace have accelerate . jerry -- personal attention -- int . sugar' office -- day sugar talk faster . sugar -- more money , more endorsement -- int . jerry's office -- day Jerry talk faster than sugar . jerry -- a family of athlete -- int . sugar' office -- day sugar talk faster than Jerry . sugar -- the millenium , eight - hundred channel more endorsement . think of I , think of dollar . int . jerry's office -- day Jerry show sign of tiring . jerry Kathy ! hi , it 's Jerry Maguire . int . rehearsal room -- day 32 . kathy sander , 22 year - old figure skater , sit on a couch . nearby be cardboard stand - up , souvenir of past endorsement . also , the famous gold - medal shot from the Olympic . Kathy 's ador Mom and dad sit next to she , listen in on the extension . the Mission statement be fold open on dad 's lap . Kathy choke on every other word , such be she anguish . kathy I already hear from Bob sugar . Jerry I want to cry for what they do to you at SMI . you help I win that gold at the Olympic , we have history , and ... oh Jerry ... if we be not in the middle of the accura deal , you know I would go with you ! ( start to break down ) oh Jerry , oh God ... there be a click on the line . she be pain and outrage . kathy ( continue ) ... call wait ... who could be call I now ?... she click the phone once . her voice be suddenly cheery . kathy ( continue ) hiyee . int . jerry's office jerry still I , Kathy . she instantly start " cry " again . kathy ohhhhhhhh ... int . sugar' office -- dusk sugar cross off another name on he list . sugar it 's not show " friend " . it 's show business . int . jerry's office -- dusk Jerry on the phone . it 's get harder to crank it up . 33 . jerry Rod ! how ya do ? Jerry Maguire . intercut int . tidwell kitchen / house -- day rod tidwell , 27 , begin this conversation in the kitchen . he be a powerful physical presence , and he hold a hot new cellular phone . he fix young son tyson a bowl of cereal as he talk . in the background , monitoring the crisis be marcee tidwell . rod tidwell " how be I do ? " I will tell you . I be sweatin , dude ! that 's how I be " doin . " I be sweatin my contract . I be sweatin' Bob sugar call and tell I I be blow the big endorsement if I stay with you . I be sweatin' . you hear what I be say ? jerry I hear what you be say ... tidwell no . I hear that you hear what I be say . but do you hear what I be say ? int . sugar' office -- same time sugar work off a wristwatch . he spend no longer than three minute on each call . sugar I will bet he have not even call you yet , right Jennifer ? wait , I need to cough ... he cover the phone , as another agent hand he a cellular with another call on it . sugar ( continue ) hi , Ben , it 's sugar , hold on a second , have you hear from Maguire ? you have not ???? well , that tell you a lot . hold on , gotta cough ... back to the other call . 34 . sugar ( continue ) so Jennifer ... int . jerry's office Jerry be still on the same tidwell call . look at he watch . tidwell alright , we be just get start on my list of thing you need to know . take note if you want to . jerry ( die ) okay . int . tidwell hallway -- night tidwell walk down the hallway , past clipping and citation from he career . marcee follow , always listen . tidwell good , ' cause see , I be a valuable commodity . I go across the middle . I see the ball and a dude come right at I , want to kill I , I tell my brain " get kill , catch the ball . " that 's New York Steak , baby . rare . and yet , nobody 's give I love . nobody 's give I prop . nobody . I go to Arizona State , I be from Arizona , I break Arizona record , I be a Sun Devil , man !!! jerry now you want Arizona dollar . tidwell exactly . and I be sit here with a ant problem , look ! and my brother tee pee 's room be flood with water . say hello to Jerry Maguire -- we meet the messy -haire and slightly overweight brother of tidwell , tee pee , 24 . tee pee , who life free of charge in Rod 's house , be a nakedly jealous and more political version of he brother . he say into the phone : tee pee hello Jerry Maguire . 35 . tidwell take the phone back , and continue through the house , with tee pee now follow the procession of family monitoring the important call . tidwell -- the house be fallin ' apart , we do not even know where we be gonna live in a year , and I be suppose to be a " superstar , " man ! be you catch my flow , here ? Jerry look at he watch . doom . jerry I need a decision from you , Rod . int . sugar' office -- night sugar have three phone go . sugar killer , Steve , good decision . ( next call ) so it 's yes , right ? excellente . ( next call ) tell I it 's yes ... yes ? yes ! tidwell enter bedroom . marcee , tyson and tee pee in tow . tidwell -- now to recap , I want to stay in Arizona , I want my new contract , I like you , you be nice to my wife , I will stay with you , that 's what I be do for you , but here 's what you be gonna do for I . you listen ? jerry ( die ) mmm. hmm . tidwell it 's a very personal , very important thing . it 's a family motto . so I want to share it with you . you ready ? jerry yes . tidwell here it be . " show I the money . " ( pause ) show . me. the. money . 36 . jerry I get it . tidwell now do not that just make you feel good to say it ? say it with I . the light have go down in the city , and he have not have a chance to turn he own light on . he sit in the oncoming darkness , watch the blink white light on the phone bank on the desk . jerry show . me. the. money . tidwell congratulation . you be still my agent . tidwell hang up . feeling good about the decision , he enter he closet and add today 's shoe to a enormous shoe collection . nearby , tee pee shake he head . tee pee a African - american man run with a little ball , work for white owner and white agent . it 's the iconography of rascism ... ( off tidwell 's dismissive look ) ... but I woulda stay at the bigger company . int . sugar' office -- day sugar cross the last call off he sheet , and throw himself on the sofa . he land in recline mode with a soft pooof . the young turk watch they new leader . Victory be he . int . jerry's office -- night Jerry stand at the door , hold some belonging . he look back and symbolically flip the light switch off . unfortunately he have not realize the light be already off . so , in he final gesture , surprising himself , he have weirdly turn the light on . ext . corner office -- night bam . Jerry 's door open . he exit he office with box . he be now in a state of advance melancholy , slightly unhinge . many of the other agent now try not to watch he leave . 37 . jerry well , do not worry ! I be not go to do what you think I be go to do , which be flip out ! jerry ( continue ) Jerry go to a water dispenser , calming himself , and fill a small Dixie cup . downs it and fill it again , rub he face .. jerry ( continue ) but let I just say , as I ease out of the office I help build -- sorry , but it 's a fact -- on dorothy -- watching from she cubicle . jerry -- that there be such a thing as manners . a way of treat people ... he notice the fish tank nearby . he attemp to be profound . jerry ( continue ) this fish have manners ! they have manners . and now Jerry feel bravado , mix with a wave of anger . another cup of water as he find power . jerry ( continue ) in fact . they be come with I ! I be start a new company , and the fish will come with I and ... you can call I sentimental . he begin dip into the tank , grab the one exotic fish that fail to escape he cup . it 's a fire- tail peruvian beauty . he grab a baggie from a assistant 's desk , shake out some crumb , and dump the fish inside . jerry ( continue ; to fish ) it 's okay ... it 's okay ... nearby , a xerox repair guy watch the human train wreck . 38 . jerry ( continue ) but if anybody else want to come with I , this moment will be the ground floor of something real and fun and inspiring and true in this godforsake business and we will do it together ! who 's come with I besides ... " flipper " here ? but clearly even flipper be not happy with the new arrangement . panicked , he whip around the small baggie . jerry ( continue ) anybody go with I ? silence , someone cough , as agent and office personnel look on with equal part pity and embarrassment . Jerry downs another small cup of water . his lid be blow off with each second . jerry ( continue ) Wendy ? shall we ? Assistant Wendy look at Maguire . painfully polite : wendy I be three month away from the pay increase , Jerry . I have to , uh ... you know , stay . Jerry absorb the blow , and take the key from the top of she desk . she can not look at he . Jerry stand alone , the blue Mission statement on Wendy 's desk sit accusingly in frame . there be only silence now , the loudest kind . jerry okay , anybody else ? on dorothy she look around . do not anybody believe in the very thing they be applaud three day ago ? she have a odd reaction , a muscle twitch of the soul . before she know it , she stand boldly , unfortunately knock a cup of coffee onto herself in the process . dorothy I will go with you . ( quietly , on she coffee mess ) wonderful ... 39 . she dab at she pants . next to she , cleo look on sadly . on jerry halfway across the office . jerry dorothy boyd ! thank you ! she gather she thing , increasingly aware of what she 's do . jerry ( continue ) we will see you all again . sleep tight ! he walk to dorothy , and together they exit down the hallway corridor , past the frame poster and award . wide -shot rise over the huge office . for the first time , we see the full expanse of the huge SMI headquarters . and down in the corner of the frame , two small figure leave carry box . jerry ( to dorothy ) let 's see how they do without we . a beat of silence , then noise return to its normal commercial roar . a couple of fleas have be swat off the carcass of a immense beast . int . elevator -- night the tragic-sound beep of the elevator pass floor . Jerry Maguire stand with dorothy , both still charge with adrenalin . and then the first pang of dread . there be silence . the elevator stop . a young , amorous couple enter . both be about 24 , and the guy press a number five flight down . in a moment , we realize they be deaf . they sign to each other , murmure noise of love . and then the guy sign something , obviously powerful , because the girl emit a delighted gasp , as do dorothy . the couple be truly in they own world . they kiss before exite on they floor . and suddenly the elevator seem empty without they . jerry wonder what he say . dorothy my favorite aunt be hearing impair . he say " you complete I . " 40 . they continue on in silence . int . build lobby -- night Jerry and dorothy pass through another office 's party . loud music . it 's a pre-easter party throw for the building employee and they child . Jerry and dorothy squeeze through with box and fish . ext . SMI parking lot -- night Jerry and dorothy walk to they car . Music in distance . dorothy so I know this be a bad time , but -- you will have a medical program , right ? jerry sure . yes . Medical , I do not know . he space out for a moment . awkwardly , she touch he briefly . dorothy and I guess we do not talk about money . so , I will just dive in -- jerry give I you number . I will call tomorrow . I be just a little . I be a little insane right now . ( off she look ) but it 's go to be great . dorothy no no , I know -- they arrive at she red camry . she write she number on the back of a business card . jerry but I mean really ... wonderfully ... ( out of steam ) great . dorothy ( unsure ) absolutely . she climb into she car , roll down the window . jerry and when you think about what you have do later , do not panic . 41 . dorothy me? no . my sister -- it 's a good bet . she start the engine . dorothy ( continue ) that take gut . jerry same to you . she salute he as she drive off . his own move , play back to he . camera move away from Jerry , as he stand alone in the parking lot . salute she in return . herb alpert . " the Lonely bull . " stripped of power , he once mighty theme now seem puny . fade to ext . dorothy's home -- night light glow inside this small - but -cozy home on a side street in Manhattan Beach . window open . the sound of woman 's voice . int . live room -- night a live room fill with ten earnest , talkative divorce woman . this be they talk group . we meet jan , 30 , who speak shyly , thoughtfully , cover she brace often as she speak . she hold a too-full glass of red wine . ( much of the talk in this woman 's Group will be improve by we cast of actress ) jan I love man . I respect man . but that do not change the fact that most of they belong in cage ... the other nine woman nod with deep understanding . int . kitchen -- night dorothy do the dish . across the room , Laurel have she nightly cigarette , blow smoke out the window . she be a no - frill woman . she have some time ago shut off that aspect of she life spend pursue the opposite sex . they be in mid - argument . laurel what about medical ? dorothy of course , medical ! 42 . laurel ( unconvince ) you be a single mother . you have give up the right to be frivolous . dorothy ( irritate ) if you would read what he write , you would have leave with he too . laurel ( more irritate ) you know how much that well child exam cost -- dorothy ( overlap ) of course I know -- laurel / dorothy a hundred and fifty dollar . laurel and that 's just when he 's well -- they talk over each other argue for a moment and then : dorothy wait . where be he ? laurel he 's in the live room asleep . dorothy dry she hand , flick in a hurry . dorothy wonderful . next time you lecture I , do not leave my little boy in a room with you divorce woman 's Group ... she exit in a hurry , as Laurel throw she cigarette into the garbage disposal . she have a hard time say this , so she say it so nobody can hear : laurel sorry . int . live room -- night Ray dream sweetly in the middle of this rockbed of woman 's woe . dorothy stroke he head , as she pluck he up . in frame another woman , alice , 50 , speak passionately to the group . 43. alice okay I have finally , finally , get my anger straight here . I be go to visualize Carl be here and finally tell he -- dorothy shhhh ! dorothy exit , protectively stroking she son 's head . dorothy ( continue ) come on , buddy , we be go to bed . int . hallway -- night she stop for a moment , little boy in she hand . the enormity of the day arrive with a thud . dorothy ( to herself ) what do I do ? int . jerry's condo -- night Jerry be quickly pack for a road trip . avery look on . they be both in a manic state . jerry the power move be to go unannounced . ( sotto ) Black suit , right ? avery ( sotto ) and the egyptian cotton shirt that work with or without the jacket . ( full volume ) tell I again , how be it leave with cush ? jerry ( perfect imitation ) " dad say we gwan sleep on it . avery ugh ! jerry ( turn , with clothes ) seventy - two client . one stay . ( sotto ) jacket on , tie in pocket . 44 . avery ( sotta ) good. ( full volume ) they be all heatseeker ! all of they , everybody . you keep one superstar and they will all follow . there 's no real loyalty , and the first person who tell I that , Jerry Maguire , be you . jerry I think I be try to sleep with you at the time . avery well , it work , and I will not let you fail . you be Jerry ma - fuckin-guire . jerry that 's right . avery King of the housecall ! master of the live room ! jerry okay , this be work . avery you be not a loser . Jerry stop , turn . the way she say " loser " be the most elegant of diss . she wrap she lip around it like a cheap hot dog . jerry who say anything about " loser ? " where do you get this word " loser ? " avery I be sorry . I be on a roll . I mean something else . when do you want to leave ? Jerry zip he brown travel bag shut . he be pack and ready . jerry now . avery let 's go . I will drive you . 45 . jerry ( stop , a odd think ) what if I do not get he ? avery take he bag , head for the door . avery function function function . forward motion be everything . cush save all . Jerry take a breath , exit . Music . airplane wheel fold up . Music continue . int . rent-a-car -- morning Jerry drive the bumpiest Texas backroad ever . Music continue . ext . cushman door -- day Jerry exit car . adjust the jacket . take the tie off too , return to the car and toss it inside . he walk to the front door with purpose . suddenly a intercom crackle , jolting he with a booming and cheerful voice : matt cushman' voice no sport agent allow ! ha ha . Jerry spot the small electronic camera point at he from the upper-corner of this rustic home . the door buzze . int . cushman hallway / den -- day Jerry follow the voice down a hallway load with cush memorabilia . righteous indignation building . matt cushman' voice I be in the back de , Jerry . he move into the de , find matt cushman , 40 , who stand at the live room bar . two frame game jersey on the wall . a large drape american flag above the bar . he be a J. Crew cowboy . matt you like a bloody beer , Jerry ? beer and tomato juice -- 46 . jerry no thanks . Maguire take a breath , and sharply begin he pitch . jerry ( continue ) Matt , I come here because in all honesty you son be just another piece of cattle to SMI . but to I -- matt ( overlap ) we decide to stay with you . on pure instinct , he hug Matt cushman . the move surprise they both . and somewhere out of nowhere , come a few surprising tear of relief . he have be spare . jerry oh , thank you . matt told myself -- if he show up , we will stick with he . jerry you know , I be not a hugger and yet ... I can not let go . Matt laugh , as cush lope in from the kitchen . Little brother keith , 14 , enter with he . cush hey , Jerry , what 's be go on ? int . den -- later day -- handheld cush , Matt and Jerry brainstorm around the ceremonial " wagon - wheel table " where decision be make in this house . Jerry be giddy , charge up , a part of the human race again . matt I want he to go number one in the draft , and I want he to play . jerry it 's either go to be Denver or San Diego trading up to take he . cush ( big grin ) Hell , I will either surf or ski . I do not care . 47 . matt Denver be where he should be . jerry I will give it everything . matt you know I do not do " contract . " but 'cha do have my word , and it 's stronger than oak . Jerry toast Matt with a bloody beer . a good day . int . rent-a-car / TEXAS -- day Jerry drive back on the same bumpy road . on the radio , it 's the Rolling Stones . he want to sing along . he think he know the word , but ... jerry ( sing ) feelin ... he realize he do not know the word at all . he switch channel . find a rush song , with ornate lyric . no one will ever know what the word be . he switch again and find " let 's groove tonight " by Earth , wind and Fire . excellent . he begin sing nonsense noise , passionately . switch again . all he want be to sing along with a song he know . finally he find Tom petty and the heartbreaker ' " refugee . " he drive through the countryside , sing the call and response of the song , like a happy idiot . int . dallas / ft . worth airport -- day Jerry turn into shot . he 's on the pay-phone . he 's jack . jerry dorothy ? Jerry Maguire ! be avery there ? where can I reach she ? intercut int . dorothy / laurel' house -- day dorothy be at she home work desk . curious and nervous about the new arrangement . dorothy uh , she have to fly to Atlanta , do not leave I she hotel number . 48 . through the back kitchen door come chad the nanny , 29 , red hair cropped above the ear . baggy overall . slip through life with little turbulence . he 's with Ray , who hold piece of wood and a hammer . chad the new playhouse rock , dotty . ray ( jump ) yeah ! dorothy honey -- later , okay ? ( Ray jump on she ) whoop. wait . jerry hello ? dorothy ( back to phone ) sorry , that 's my son and the nanny . I have the call transfer to my home so I could go over you stuff . Chad now notice the slight excited tone in she demeanor . he sit down nearby and listen to she talk to Maguire . jerry no , that 's fine . what call come in today ? dorothy wait . that 's yesterday , from the other office . today be ... she flip the call record from yesterday -- 150 call -- to today , which be blank . dorothy ( continue ) ... light . jerry shit , it 's just so frustrating to not be able to talk to avery -- avery wait a minute , it have to be one of the NFL hotel we do business with -- let I look -- but in the meantime , about this job -- 49 . she reach over Ray to get to she laptop and buzze through a list of phone number . Jerry can not help but share the qood news : jerry ( importantly ) dorothy , let I tell you something , we be back . we be so very very back . I re-sign cush . we be set . dorothy we be ? jerry it 's all go to work . dorothy I just get goosebump . she examine she own skin with surprise . jerry ( manic , quiet ) it 's all go to work . we be go to save the world . dorothy well , I be happy for you . jerry happy for we . oddly , the phrase affect she physically . dorothy happy for we ... okay . here 's the number . 404-453-2222. jerry thanks . dorothy call I later , hon . she hang up , and look over to Laurel and Chad . both of they stare at she . dorothy ( continue ) wait . do I just say " hon " to he ? chad ( laugh ) yeah , dotty . you do . 50 . dorothy twenty six year old . I be already say " hon " . hug you mother quickly -- Chad look at she , something be different about dorothy . Laurel walk away , share a look with Chad . int . dallas airport -- day Jerry be now teeming with energy , professional and sexual . jerry avery , I sign cush . again . intercut int . atlanta HOTEL suite -- day avery in mid-conference with four other NFL man in background . avery ya-hoooo -sie ! it be the victory call of the competitive girl , and she fall back into a chair , kick she expensive shoe onto the bed . in the b.g. we see the hungry look of she male co-worker . part of they lust after she . the larger part know she would demolish they , and pick she tooth with they bone . jerry I know . sorry I throw a scare into we life there -- avery do not worry about it -- I never tell you what I think of that memo either -- jerry well , no you do not -- avery you lose you head , it happen . ( quickly ) I be so fuckin jazze ! listen . I be go to have to fly to Chicago tomorrow , how ' bout if we meet in the Dallas airport and we all fly into New York together for the draft ? jerry it 's a plan -- -- 51 . avery I will set it up with you girl . woo ! this be when it 's good , Jerry . enjoy it . live it . Love it . and when I see you , I be go to give you the best blow job of you life . he hang up , stare at the phone . in the room with avery , the co-worker look at each other . she be far , far out of they league . int . dorothy's car -- later morning -- drive dorothy boyd speed Jerry to the airport , the electricity fill the car . on the radio , a sport station debate the future of cushman . as Jerry whip through a stack of sport page . dorothy avery will meet you at the B gate at 4:15 . do not be late . tidwell will already be there . jerry ( nod to Ray ) hey , man , you know they have big balloon build into car ? ray no . jerry they do , my brother . ray ( giggle ) I be not you brother ! dorothy continue , business on she mind . dorothy ... I put tidwell on the same floor at the Marriott Marquis . I think it 's great you be take he to the draft . he do not smoke , right ? I have no idea . 52 . jerry I have no idea . ( continue to Ray ) so Ray , if there 's a accident or something , it go pwoooooooof -- ( simulate air - bag ) -- and you go booooo . and you be safe . Jerry bounce against the imaginary balloon . Ray be delighted by Jerry . dorothy note that he 's great with she son . she pat Jerry on the shoulder . her hand linger perhaps a millisecond too long . she pull away quickly , always feel on the edge or embarrassing herself around this guy . dorothy okay , have we go over everything ? back on Tuesday , right ? jerry yep . have a good time at school , Ray . wish I luck . dorothy ray luck . luck ! Jerry nod and exit . they watch as Jerry inch into the crowded airport . into frame , obscure they view of Jerry , enter another couple , who embrace each other and they small girl . it 's a genuinely sweet goodbye , and we linger on dorothy and Ray who both watch with private fantasy of the goodbye they do not get . mother and son look at each other , communicate volume . they pull back into traffic . int . dallas airport -- day Jerry struggle through the Dallas airport , be the last , of he party to arrive at the B gate in Dallas . avery , tall and cool in plaid skirt and shade , be in combat mode . nearby , cush be surround by fan and fawn airline employee . ( " where do you think you be gonna end up , cush ? " " you gonna be rich , dude ! " ) tidwell look jealous and ingnore as he lean against the airline counter , unnotice . a lone kid approach tidwell . kid be you hootie ? tidwell ( irritate ) no man , I be not hootie . kid leave disappointed . tidwell sink lower . do not anyone know he stardom , he essence , he power ? 53. boarding announcement all that disabled , and Frank cushman can board now ... int . airplane -- day Jerry sit next to cushman , who be read bukowski 's Notes of a dirty Old man . across the aisle be tidwell , who sit next to avery . they be a small family , and Jerry feel at home with he operation . cush look up suddenly . cush ( a big think ) Jerry . why do God sometimes reward the evil and punish the good ? Jerry share a look with avery , who be on the other side of cush . her stocking swish as she cross she leg . jerry let I think about that . want something to drink ? cush ( thoughtful pause ) I see what you be say . jerry wait . what do you mean ? the two man have now totally confuse each other . tidwell lean across the aisle to cush , attempt comraderie . tidwell hey man , I wish I have a quarterback like you in Arizona . you be the shit . cush look up . compliment blow off he like a summer breeze . cush thank ya . tidwell wait for a compliment of he own , but cush do not offer one . he return to the book . tidwell feel slighted . tidwell ( loud mumble ) well you be not that mothafuckin good . cush say what ? 54 . tidwell I say -- last I hear , Jesus Christ be still in heaven . and you be not even play in the NFL . cush throw he book away , ready for anything , as tidwell rise . nearby passenger begin to panic . jerry this can not be happen to I . avery Jerry ! do something -- Jerry throw himself in front of cushman . jerry hey . knock it off . what be you , five year old ? be I take the kid to Chuck E. cheese here ? grow up , both of you ! we be a family . and we go to the draft in a orderly fashion . beat . Jerry wonder if he 's push he mealticket around too much . tidwell hey , man , I dig check E. cheese . cush I too , dude . especially that big old singin' elvis monkey . that 's just insanity , man . tidwell Heard that . tidwell reach over , he and cush exchange a fingertip five . briefly , the two client bond . past tidwell , avery smile engagingly at Jerry . he handle the situation well . she cross she leg , stocking swish . the workplace excite she . ext . marriott marquis -- night the headquarters for the NFL draft be buzzing with activity . limo door open and out pour Maguire and company . media light flick on , bathing cush . Reporters chatter . ( " be it San Diego or Denver , cush ? N " cush ! " ) fan at the outskirt be call out to the young star ( " go get the big chi-ch , cush ! " ) avery smoothly pull espn into the front position . telegenic cush shrug and smile . ( " I will either surf or ski . " ) Jerry admire he fiancee . there be nothing more attractive than a person burningly efficient at they job . 55 . shot drift off this media bubble to find tidwell watch at the outskirt . he turn and exit unnotice . int . gift shop -- night -- later tidwell hide out in the gift shop , thumbing through magazine . the chip on he shoulder grow by the minute . elsewhere in the gift shop , he see the very real and emotional scene of a young athlete and he mother . both wear self - promote colorful homemade t-shirt with the young athlete 's face on it . something about they , they pure enthusiasm , rub tidwell in a odd way . he almost cry , for himself , for humanity , as Jerry enter . tidwell be embarrassed to have be catch in this misty state . jerry at last I find you . tidwell ( sharply ) why the fuck be I here ? I feel like I be five year late for the prom . in a look , Jerry size up the situation . with a hand on tidwell 's large shoulder , he smoothly pump up the big man 's ego . jerry come on . come with I . we be go to take a walk through this lobby . I want every media guy , every player rep , everybody to see you for what you be . the best - keep secret in the NFL . the biggest wide - receiver in the game . let them see ya , Rod . and whatever you do , do not sit down . let them see how big you be . you ready ? let 's do it . he be privately thrilled , but offer only : tidwell ( begrudgingly ) a'right . let 's walk . we hear the rip guitar explosion of the who 's " Magic Bus " from live at Leeds . 56 . int . marriott lobby -- night Maguire and tidwell move through the brightly - light lobby , past the reporter , the compete agent , the team representative , the already blast jet fan , past even a nike crew filming a NFL spot in the lobby . portable phone everywhere , in every hand . there be a heavy white media light bathing everything -- as if life have become a t.v. show , and everything within it concerned make other t.v. show . Jerry work hard , introduce tidwell around . and tidwell be natural , polite and charming , as they move through the pre-draft crowd . he do not sit down . Music continue . int . marriott bar -- day tough red-headed beat reporter patricia logan watch Maguire and tidwell from the opposite corner . patricia Dennis , try not to laugh . Jerry Maguire bring Rod tidwell to the draft ... int . arizona cardinal war room phoenix ) -- night Arizona General manager dennis wilburn , 48 , be on the phone here in the command center for the Arizona Cardinals . all around he , we see the board and graph for they upcoming draft selection . wilburn good , I hope he unload he so I can buy a decent quarterback . who 's he talk to ? patricia right now , Dallas . ha ha . wilburn they do not look interested do they ? patricia actually ... wilburn look concerned . int . marriott escalator -- night Jerry and tidwell rise triumphantly to the mezzanine level above the bright - white lobby . Maguire look down at the scene . he breathes in the commotion . in another twelve hour , he will be at the very epicenter with cushman . 57 . tidwell I come all the way here for that ? to walk the lobby ? jerry yeah . and it might have even work too . tidwell let 's do it again . Jerry do not respond . down in the lobby , Jerry catch a glimpse of a familiar - look agent . it 's sugar . Jerry be consume with a thousand other thought , but tidwell continue talk . tidwell ( continue ) you believe they be shoot a nike ad down there ? do I ever tell you my nike story ? jerry I gotta get back to cushman . tidwell okay , I understand . I will boil it down for ya . fuck nike . all they do be ignore I ... Jerry turn to tidwell , finally focus totally on he . jerry you know what be great about you down there ? for about five minute , you unload that rather expansive , let I just say " large " chip that reside right there on you shoulder , and you know what ? you be brilliant . take care . Jerry start to exit . tidwell you be loving I now , be not ya ? jerry ( mock serious ) I be not about love -- I be about " show you the money . " tidwell nod deeply , respectfully . 58 . tidwell good . I be just testing ya. ( beat ) but just you say that ? make I love ya . jerry get some sleep . see you tomorrow . tidwell sure you do not want to go out and find some karoake ? I be a very good singer , man -- jerry call I tomorrow . tidwell I might call you later ! tidwell move off , still feel good about the walk . a small pack of diehard jet fan pass , look for autograph . int . cush suite -- night we glide into Frank cushman 's suite overlook Times Square . it 's fill with NFL swag -- free t-shirt , athletic bag , sweatpant , and more . half - finish room service food abound . Matt , keith and cush 's stylish college girlfriend anne -louise mill about the room , bask in the glow of the man of the moment . cush , who hold a guitar in he lap , wear the odd combination of a nirvana t-shirt and a NFL jacket . he sign for more room service and continue strumm the only song he know on guitar , cobain 's " something in the Way . " Jerry enter on a rush of adrenalin . cush ( to hotel waiter ) hey , what size be you ? waiter eleven . cush ( grandly ) why do not you grab a couple pair of they new nike by the door -- waiter spot a very tall stack of new nike by the door . waiter dude , you be like a God . 59 . cush ( immediately ) God , you be like a dude . it 's a great line , and the room break up . this be charisma , the future of the NFL . waiter exit , as cush continue strumm . and now Jerry speak , importantly . jerry cush , Matt -- we have a decision to make . cush " it 's okay to eat fish , ' cause they do not have any feeling ... jerry okay . San Diego just come in with a last- minute scenario . it 's big . cush " something in the way . yeah . " matt well , he 's gotta go number one . cush " ooooooo . " jerry he still go number one , but San Diego want to trade up with New England -- they want he bad . cush turn to he curiously ambivalent father , who walk to the window and look out at the big jumbotron with keith . matt what happen to Denver ? jerry Denver get very silent about a day ago . San Diego 's get a fever for cush . this stuff tend to happen the night before a draft . people get crazy . and San Diego , you should know , be crazy to the tune of seven year for thirty . sign bonus of eight . ( beat ) million . Anne - Louise whistle loudly . she be instantly embarrassed , and put a hand up . sorry . in the next room , the phone be ringing . 60 . matt I do not know , Jerry . keith should I unplug the phone ? cush Reporters , Jerry . they be callin ' all night . jerry just be friendly and say " no comment . " cush talk and say nothing , man , it 's a art I have not master . Jerry hold up a finger -- watch I . Jerry pick up the ringing phone . he offer a near- perfect imitation . jerry " this be cush . " suddenly , everyone be , laugh . the room lighten . int . bob sugar' HOTEL room -- day Bob sugar talk on he hotel phone . sugar it 's sugar . he must be there , right ? just sniff or something if he 's there . ( Jerry sniff , panicked ) alright , buddydude . just remember . you be swim with the big boy now . you let you dad do all the talk . I be the one who get you the deal you need . this be business not friendship . be strong . you be global now . sugar hang up . jerry " no comment . Jerry hang up . the room be still laugh . his head be spin . keith hey , it 's cush on the big t.v. again ! 61 . cush Hell , I be already sick of I . I get " cushlash . " more laugh . Jerry sit across from Matt , reeling quietly . he speak casually , directly . jerry look , before I go back to Denver . I think we should put something down on paper . something that say , " hey , I be with Jerry Maguire . " he pull out a yellow legal tablet . he scribbles a few line , as Matt look increasingly nervous . matt not right now , Jerry . jerry do I know everything there be to know here ? ( silent beat ) you fella be not talk with Bob sugar , be you ? more silence . matt apparently , Denver want to deal with he instead of you . jerry ( quickly ) Said who ? sugar ? matt hey , I be learn as I go . jerry so you empower Bob sugar to deal with Denver behind my back ? matt I be sorry , I -- jerry I bring Denver to twenty million . Denver deal with I all the time . you listen to sugar ? you let that snake in the door . Jerry touch the coffee table . calm himself . 62 . jerry ( continue ) it 's okay . you want Denver . I will fix this up . you do not sign anything with sugar , right ? another rough silence be break by little brother keith . keith ( blurt ) Mr. Maguire , someday I be gonna be a famous athlete and I be gonna sign with you ' . jerry shut up ! ( beat ) I be sorry ... sorry . keith ( sympathy for Jerry ) S ' cool . shot move in on Jerry . jerry now. wait . you do not actually sign with sugar , do you ? tell I you do not sign . ( beat ) because I be still sort of move by you " my word be stronger and oak " thing -- matt we sign a hour ago . you be in the lobby with the black fella . Jerry moan . silently , he rise and begin to gather he thing . cush hang on to he guitar . cush I be sorry , Jerry . matt they say it 's show " business , " Jerry , not show friend . Jerry take a breath before he exit . he survey the room , settling on cush . visible behind Maguire be Times Square , in all it 's neon logo glory . 63. jerry well. okay . of course . you be twenty year old , and I be just another guy in a suit . it 's all business . it do not work out . you do not buy my product , which be , unfortunately , mm . let I see , there 's a speech that I be suppose to make -- right ! -- " I will be out there cheer for you . " " the door be always open ! " see ? I be a class act . ( breath , directly ) but maybe this would have all work , we be real human being , come through for each other , really , and now I will never know . you will never know . be not you curious ? ( they be not ) no. okay , well , I will be fine . and you will be fine . and keith I bope you do call I . flushed and embarrassed , he exit . we hang a beat on the silent cushman hotel livingroom , as cush now continue on guitar . int . lobby -- night Jerry exit elevator daze , at full trot . the Marriott lobby be pack . he be look for avery . beat reporter Patricia Logan reappear . she relish ask brutal question , innocently . patricia logan Jerry , be it true that tidwell 's have three concussion ? jerry I be sorry ... excuse I ... int . ballroom -- night Jerry enter the grand ballroom , look for avery . endorsement placard in evidence everywhere . NFL rep and media worker move table and work out camera and seating arrangement . elevated in a open espn booth six foot off the ground , host Chris berman record voice - over for tomorrow 's draft . fan heckle he by sing the espn theme . he roll with it , expertly . Jerry spot avery across the empty ballroom , move fast , pass out media packet on the empty table . 64 . int . adjacent buffet room -- night Jerry finally catch up with avery in the empty side-room . avery I just hear . jerry what do I do ? how do I spin this ? avery oh honey . it 's spun . she keep move , add a extra snap to the packet . jerry what do I do to you ? she be furious with he question . do not he know ? avery it 's all about you , be not it ? soothe I , save I , love I -- jerry could you just stop move ? avery I have to finish my job -- jerry everything 's on the fuck run ! everything -- she stop . walk to he , frame by a bank of t.v. monitor . avery Jerry . you and I be salespeople . we sell -- jerry look , I do not want a -- avery it 's not " love I . " it 's not " trust my handshake . " it 's make the sale . get it sign . there should not be " confusion " about that . jerry go ahead . jump right on into my nightmare . the water 's warm . 65 . avery so honesty be outlaw here , I can not be honest ? she turn and exit again . he follow . jerry tell you what -- I would prefer loyalty .. avery what be we deal when we first get together ? brutal truth , remember ? jerry I think you add the " brutal . " she stop , slap down another media packet . blow a troublesome piece of hair out of she face . avery Jerry , there be a " sensitivity " thing that some people have . I do not have it . I do not cry at movie . I do not gush over baby . I do not start celebrate Christmas five month early , and I do not tell a man who just screw up both of we life -- ' oh , poor baby . ' that 's I . for better or worse . but I do love you . Jerry look at he fiancee . stand here , watch avery coldly clasp she media pack to she chest , she look different to he . jerry avery -- she know what 's come . she move fast to avoid he . avery do not say it . we be both rag out right now . jerry -- stop -- she exit back into the main ballroom . for a moment , she stop . they face off . this be it . they be quickly interrupt by overweight , talk - show voice curtis weintraub , 45 . 66 . curtis weintraub hey ! curtis weintraub from the Sports popper ! have not see you two since the cuervo gold rock and sock Charity six flag budfest ! hello ! neither look at he , they remain fix on each other . curtis get a whiff of what he walk into . curtis weintraub ( continue ; exite quickly ) Goodbye ! avery I be warning you . do not say it . you will not have another chance . jerry listen to I ! avery no . jerry it 's over -- she continue move into the next room . avery do not hear it . jerry there be something miss here . avery you have never be alone and you can not be alone -- jerry listen to I , it 's over . she can barely believe it . she blink . avery no one have ever dumped I . jerry I be not try to make history . 67 . avery I do the 23 hour nose- route to the top of El capitan in 6 hour ! I can make this work . jerry ( it slip out ) no . she take a breath . it sink in . from somewhere , the small voice of she vulnerability . avery oh Jerry . jerry ( step closer ) you know I do not ever want to hurt you . she get a odd look , shaking she head . start to step away , then think better of it . she wallop he in the face with the back of she hand . Jerry stand like a woozy boxer . she hit he again with a fist , then again in the chest . he sink to the floor , sagging . backwards . she straddle he , address he fully , right in he bruise face . avery I will not let you hurt I , Jerry . I be too strong for you . loser . int . JFK airport -- next morning Jerry move through the crowded airport with Rod tidwell . both wear sunglass . tidwell you love I now , do not you ? jerry very much . on tv monitor -- roy firestone be lean forward , expressively , talk with a weepy athlete . int . red carpet lounge -- day tidwell watch next to Jerry , as they wait for the flight . Jerry nurse a stiff drink . tidwell everybody on this show cry now . 68 . jerry Rod -- tidwell ( off t.v. ) you feel bad you test positive ? quit do blow ! you feel bad about you baby girl ? why do you leave the mother ? jerry what be you do with I , Rod ? tidwell huh ? jerry do not you even see -- I be finish . I be fuck . twenty - four hour ago , I be hot . now ... I be a cautionary tale ! tidwell look at Jerry , impassive . jerry ( continue ) see this jacket I be wear ? you like it ? I do not really need it , because I be cloak in failure . I lose the number one draft pick the night before the draft . they will teach my story to other agent on " do not do this " day in agent school . why ? let 's recap . because a hockey player 's kid make I feel like a superficial jerk , I have two slice of bad pizza , go to bed , grow a conscience and write a 25 - page manifesto of doom ! tidwell well , boo-fuck - hoo . jerry the least you could do be nod and act sympathetic -- tidwell ( shaking head ) no . jerry it 's a quality that might come in handy for a commercial sometime . 69 . tidwell you be not allow to act this way . jerry why not ? int . airplane -- later day they sit together . Jerry hold another drink . tidwell man , I get a shelf life of ten year , top ! my next contract 's gotta bring I the dollar that ' 11 last I and mine a very long time . I be out of this sport in five year . what 's my family gonna live on ? what you get I . so I do not want to hear about ya shit , you " nya nya nya . " jerry ( ruefully , to attendant ) another drink please . tidwell anybody else would have leave you by now , but I be stick with you . I say I would . and if I get to ride you ass like Zorro , you be gonna show I the money . jerry ( the hell that never end ) oh my God . he look straight ahead , at the airphone in front of he . ext . porch -- night dorothy find Laurel on they small porch . there be only room for a miniature garden and one comfortable seat . Laurel sit in it . dorothy he 's come over . laurel at eleven at night ? 70 . dorothy he just lose he best client . he call from the plane . I invite the guy over . laurel dotty -- this be not " guy . " . this be a " syndrome . " it 's call early midlife , about - to- marry , hanging onto the-bottom - rung dear - God - do not - let -me- be - alone , I will - call - my- newly long-suffering - Assistant - without Medical - for- company syndrome . and if , know all that , you still allow he to come over , more power to you . dorothy honey , he 's engage . and for the first time in my professional life , I be a part of something I believe in . dorothy exit . Laurel shake she head , call to next room . laurel okay , but he better not be good look ! int . ray' bedroom -- night dorothy put Ray to bed . dorothy ' night buddy . this be my favorite part of you head . she kiss the corner of he forehead , rise up into the mirror . she check she look , in spite of herself . visible on the wall above Ray 's bed , be she ex-husband 's photo . Music . int . cab -- night Jerry in back of a cab , wear sunglass , three drink later , post -flight , roll with anything . jerry okay , turn here ! sharp right turn . 8831 3/4 waterloo . the cab turn onto a very small street . Cars park on both side . down the street , another pair of headlight . 71 . Jerry 's cab refuse to give in , in fact he floor it . same with the oncoming car . jerry ( continue ) yes , good , floor it , kill we !! ext . dorothy's front porch -- night door open to reveal Jerry Maguire with brown bag , shoulder hang - up bag , dishevel hair and sunglass . jerry I be Jerry Maguire . laurel ( super pleasant ) you seem just the way I picture you . I be she disapprove sister Laurel . jerry honesty . thank you . int . live room Jerry enter , as dorothy round the corner . dorothy hey you . jerry hi. the light be low and he glass be very dark . jerry ( continue ) thanks for invite I over . where 's the little guy ? dorothy he 's asleep . watch out for that lamp . jerry I be glad you be home . that " alone " thing be ... not my specialty ... he duck the lamp , barely . Laurel exit through he shot , miming " drink " behind he back . Jerry take off he glass , revealing a well and a cut below he eye . 72 . dorothy oh my God . jerry yeah . that too . I break up with avery . dorothy 's entire body chemistry change in way she do not quite understand . dorothy too bad . jerry better now than later . we will still be friend . I be die here . dorothy Jesus , it 's a real gash , be not it ? jerry and just think if I get she the ring she really want . dorothy laugh . he look at she strangely . suddenly she feel very nervous , as he set down he bag . dorothy sorry . uh , let I see , have a seat . I will get you some aloe vera for that cut too . jerry do you have something to drink ? dorothy sure -- she move to the kitchen door . she be about to exit , when Jerry begin to unburden . jerry my brother work for the White House . he pretend he 's a intellectual . he pretend he 's from the east coast . she turn , not quite sure what he point be . she wait politely for Jerry to finish before exite into the kitchen . jerry ( continue ) I be suppose to be the successful one . ( more ) 73. jerry ( cont would ) but I do not want to talk about it . and yet ! my family . I grow up with repression as a ... a religion -- you do not bitch . no moan ! head down . do it , whatever " it " may be . my dad ... he work for the United Way for 38 year ! you know what he say when he retire ? he say , " I wish I would have a more comfortable chair . " 38 year he sit in it ! do you know what I be say , dorothy ? repression as a religion . I be almost as old as he chair . he rub he face . she look at he , and the situation slightly overwhem she . here he be , wide - open , ripe for the take . dorothy beer okay ? jerry yeah , thanks . int . kitchen Laurel smoke a cigarette and blow it out the window . dorothy go for the refrigerator , find a couple beer . laurel I hear . dorothy no kid . I look over and see the shadow of two curious shoe in the doorway of the kitchen . laurel this guy would go home with a gardening tool right now if it show interest . ( off dorothy 's look ) wait . use the frost glass . dorothy ( surprised ) thank you . laurel look , here 's some of that chicken with salsa too , I warm it up -- 74 . dorothy that 's the girl I love . laurel but you just gotta hear I out on one thing . you be very responsible with Ray and you know it 's not right for a little boy to hear some strange man 's voice in the house . dorothy as oppose to twenty angry woman ? dorothy turn quickly and the beer , sister and chicken collide in the small kitchen . dorothy deftly catch the food in she t-shirt , and dump it back onto the plate . but she shirt be now stain . she start to quietly implode , and Laurel take command . they know each other well . laurel come on , let 's get you another top -- they exit to nearby laundry room . ext . house / window outside laundry room -- night now camera start to move around the house , from this window show the two sister in the laundry room , to the live room where Jerry sit alone . we see Ray wander into the room and stare at Jerry . int . live room -- night Jerry , who be play with a kaleidoscope on the table , look up to see Ray . ray hi. jerry hi Ray . int . laundry room -- same time laurel all I be say . you do not have the luxury of fall for some drown man . be practical . now . which top ? she hold up two top . one be sexier with a dip down front . the other be stripe , cute , functional . 75 . dorothy okay , you want to talk about practical ? let 's talk about my wonderful life . do you know what most other woman my age be do right now ? they be party in club , try to act stupid , try to get a man , try to keep a man ... not I . I be try to raise a man . she grab the sexier top , and put it on . dorothy ( continue ) I have get a 24 hour a day reminder of Roger , for the rest of my life . I have have three lover in four year , all boring , all achingly self - sufficient all friend of yours I might add , and all of they run a distant second to a warm bath . look at I , Laurel , look at I . I be the oldest 26 year old in the world ! how do I look ? laurel good . dorothy thanks . int . live room -- night Jerry and Ray have a great conversation , play tug with a piece of rope . ray and then my dad die and my mom take I to the zoo and I love the zoo . do you hate the zoo or do you love the zoo ? jerry wait . I want to tell you more about my dad . ray let 's go the zoo . jerry okay . I have be hogging it . you be right . ( more ) 76 . jerry ( cont would ) all my life I have be try to talk , really talk , and no one want to listen . you know that feel ? Ray nod vigorously . ray let 's go right now . let 's go to the zoo . jerry aw , the fuck thing ... I mean , the zoo be close . ray you say " fuck " . jerry yeah I know . I do . Ray love this guy . he pat Jerry 's knee . ray I will not tell . jerry we will go to the zoo sometime . okay ? I think I might have some time on my hand . Ray look at Jerry 's hand . ray I do not see any . jerry ( point respectfully ) funny . ray funny ... ( imitate he ) ( hear mom approach ) I better go to bed . Ray hug Jerry and exit . Jerry sit contemplate the kid for a moment . the door swing open and a harry dorothy appear in the sexier top , but with a distinctly less sexy attitude , and a tray . 77 . dorothy drink . food . plus , I call you a cab . jerry ( slightly confuse ) good idea . thank you . and we should keep we voice down a little . I have a little boy asleep . jerry ( continue ) right . of course . Jerry try to twist open the beer , rip at he palm . it 's not a twist -off . she hand he a opener . he open it , inelegantly . dorothy so . we company . she watch the drunken man , who drink . then cough a little . then stand . jerry okay . lil ' speech before I go . he get up , woozy , but loose . powerfully : jerry ( continue ) do. not. worry . about. your. job. ( beat ) we company be in good shape . you and you son ... we ... be just fine . you still have a job . I want you to feel confident ! in. me. and I have a problem with people who talk about themselves in the third person , but let I tell you something about Jerry Maguire . his confidence nicely fuel , Jerry reach for a fireplace poker . he begin to joust with a imaginary opponent . jerry ( continue ) come after I and you will lose I be a survivor ! do not underestimate Jerry Maguire ! I have get wit ! ( more ) 78 . jerry ( cont would ) I have get the instinct of a panther ! ( joust ) I have get dorothy boyd on my side ! dorothy do not worry about I . I can get job -- jerry we will be fine ! dorothy -- especially one like this . jerry and I be ... he become very aware of himself . acting out in a virtual stranger 's small - but - comfortable live room . jerry ( continue ) I be drunk . he collapse onto the sofa , embarrassed . shake he head . dorothy scoot closer in a adjacent chair . she break the personal barrier , carefully touch he wound with the wet tip of the aloe vera plant . dorothy Truth ? jerry sure . dorothy turn to see that Laurel 's two shoe be still very visible at the kitchen door . decide to ignore they . she get closer . dorothy sure , I care about the job . of course . but mostly ... ( very honest ) ... I want to be inspire . there be something inspiring about the way she say the word " inspiring . " jerry I too . dorothy what you write inspire I . 79 . he be catch a scent of that most ancient elixer . a woman 's affection . they head inch closer together . dorothy ( continue ) I be work with you because of that memo ... jerry Mission ... statement ... they kiss . it turn rather passionate . she place a cool hand on he cheek . he place a hand on she breast . the taxi beep outside . she pull away . both regard the hand on she breast . dorothy well . jerry sorry about this hand . ( he rise unsteadily ) you know that feel -- you be not completely embarrassed yet , but you glimpe tomorrow 's embarrassment ? dorothy do not worry about it , boss . jerry oh shit . you say " boss . " dorothy yeah , I do . jerry now I feel like clarence Thomas . dorothy no . no do not feel like clarence Thomas . jerry no , I do . I feel like clarence Thomas . ( the worst day ever ) I be like ... harrassing you ... right now . dorothy I may not sue . he laugh a little . Music . unsure what more to say , Jerry rub he face . and then : 80 . jerry well , good evening . dorothy good evening . he stand , return the fireplace poker to she , and exit . stumble slightly on the first step lead down from the front porch , he recover with style . jerry we will be okay . and I be go to take my ... one client and we be gonna go all the way . he take a few more step , re-balance bag , cough a little . he be a mess , and he know it . jerry ( continue ; loving the dark humor ) hey . I be back . she laugh , wave , and exit back into the kitchen . she regards the poker still in she hand . Laurel watch she conflict , slightly lovesick sister . int . cab -- night Jerry in the back of the cab . he turn for a moment , look back at the warm house he 's just leave . something be scratch at he soul , try to get in . Music continue . he be strangely comfortable there , as the house disappear from he view . fade to ext . tempe practice area -- day Rod tidwell race to catch up to a wobbly , overthrown pass . he snag it out of the air , and move gracefully downfield . he turn back to shout at the quarterback for the wobbly pass , and slam into a pad post . Dennis wilburn , the GM we meet earlier , cross in front of Maguire , give he a look . Maguire forges ahead anyway . jerry we gotta talk about he contract , Dennis . wilburn you timing be impeccable , Maguire . gee , I can not imagine how you ever lose cush ... 81 . wilburn move on , scoffing loudly . int . locker room shower area -- day Jerry stand in pre-season locker- room . off-stage we hear a shower . in the b.g. , one of that locker- room psych - up sign like : injury happen first in the mind . jerry I start talk with Dennis wilburn about you renegotation . Rod emerge naked , drip wet , piss . tidwell do you tell he about the " ten million for four year ? " jerry uh , not today , but -- tidwell John Taylor . j.j. Stokes . Andre rison . I smoke all this fool , and yet they be make the big sweet dollar . they be make the money , and I get a agent that be not even put the number on the table . jerry I understand you anxiety . tidwell maybe you do not . because it 's not just the money I deserve . it 's not just the " coin . " it 's the ... he say this next word royally , as if it 's fine silk . tidwell ( continue ) -- the kwan . jerry that 's you word ? tidwell yeah , man , it mean love , respect , community ... and the dollar too . the package . the kwan . jerry ( impressed ) but how do you get " kwan ? " 82. tidwell ( irritate ) I get there from " coin , " dude . coin , coin ... kwaaaan . jerry great word . towel ? tidwell no , I air -dry . jerry Rod , I say this with great respect , but that player you mention be marquee player and -- a portable phone beep . tidwell be that you porty or mine ? jerry you . tidwell rummages in he bag . find one of two porty and answer the one with a Polaroid of marcee tape to it . tidwell hi baby . yeah , I be just breakin ' in the new agent . he say I be not marquee . I know ... I know ... tidwell hold up the phone so Jerry can hear the sound of marcee go off . tidwell ( continue ) my wife be upset with you . int . locker room mirror -- day the conversation continue as tidwell fix hair in the mirror . Jerry speak to the reflection , take he on , gesture passionately . tidwell , still naked , may or may not be listen . jerry here 's what I be say . this be a renegotiation . we want more from they , so let 's show they more from we . let 's show they you pure joy of the game , let 's bury the attitude a little , let 's show they -- 83. tidwell ( irritate ) you be tell I to dance . jerry no , I be say to be -- he mime a dainty little showboat- touchdown dance . tidwell ( little voice ) " Love I love I love I ... put I on t.v. " ( piss ) that 's the iconography of rascism , man ! jerry Rod , I be not a rascist . I be tell you to be the best version of you , to get back to the guy who first start play this game . Way back when you be a kid . it be not just about the money , be it ? tidwell give he a look . money be always a factor . tidwell do you job , man , do not tell I to dance . jerry Fine . he begin gather he thing . tidwell I be a athlete , not a entertainer . this be the ABC 's of I . get it ? I do not dance . Jerry rub face . tidwell ( continue ) what 's wrong . jerry forget it . forget it . tidwell no tell I . 84 . jerry I be out here for you ! you do not know what it 's like to be I out here for you . it be a up - at-dawn pride - swallow seige that I will never fully tell you about ! okay ?! help I help you help I help you . tidwell you be hang by a very thin thread , dude . and I dig that about you . Jerry have have enough for one day . jerry ( loopy , punch - drunk , arm flail ) hey . I be happy to entertain you ! I will see you in l.a .! tidwell watch he agent lurch off , mutter and sway . tidwell see , man , that 's the difference . between we . you think we be fight , I think we be finally talk ! int . lax airport -- day Jerry move slowly through crowded airport , preoccupy with think . int . jerry's home office -- later day Jerry enter , carry bag , weary . dorothy greet he . they be stick in he small condo , and the scent of they previous encounter be still in the air . she hand he a list of he call . dorothy Dennis wilburn call from Arizona to say he 's fax in the new tidwell offer on Thursday morning , and you will be happy . jerry ( jolted into happiness ) happy . he say " happy ? " dorothy actually he say " glad . " 85 . jerry good. good. glad be good . dorothy plus , you could use that commission . she hand he a financial report she 's do . he take a quick look , see the thorough work she 's already do . jerry I sink most of what I have into this condo , which devalue , and -- dorothy you do not have to explain . jerry look , the other night , I want to apologize . dorothy ( can not read she ) yeah , what happen there . jerry we be two people work together and we can not have a atmosphere . dorothy I be relieved you say that . jerry I mean , the other night be ... I feel like you understand something I could barely even say , something way down deep in the murk -- ( beat ) -- but we have a company here to think about . I will not ever take advantage of you in that way again . dorothy ( evenly ) oh good . jerry you walk out on a job for I , and I will not ruin that . dorothy exactly because I know this be a time when you need to be alone with you thought . ( more ) 86 . dorothy ( cont would ) think about everything that 's go wrong , how to fix they , and just be ... alone , alone , alone . dorothy in the background of the shot , watch he reaction . jerry you want to go out to dinner ? int . dorothy's live room -- day dorothy look for a jacket as Laurel helm the divorce woman 's group in the live room . Jan speak through she whistly brace , gesture with a too- full glass of red wine . jan I break up with the cowboy . and now he 's stalking I ... alice what 's the current definition of stalking ? woman # 1 come over uninvite . jan ( thoughtful ) so Romeo under the trellis ... be a stalker . meaningful sound of revelation , as dorothy find the jacket . int . hallway -- night dorothy stop in the hallway to see that Jerry Maguire have arrive at the back -kitchen door . she watch unseen as Maguire shake hand with Chad the nanny and be hit suddenly by a fly hug from Ray . he give the kid a athletic bag , which be fill with state - of - the- art promotional athletic wear , etc . ( " bring you some swag . " ) Ray continue hugging Jerry . int . kitchen -- night Jerry be a little embarrassed by the affection of the kid . dorothy enter . expertly breezy . dorothy hey , look like you have get a fan . 87 . jerry ( outdress ) wow . that 's more than a dress . that 's a audrey hepburn movie . dorothy yeah -- guess I get revve up at the idea of a evening among adult -- no offense buster . ( then ) you meet Chad the nanny ? jerry yeah , I do -- be I dress okay ? I guess I do not realize we be ... he do not finish the word " go out on a date . " the cacaphony of the boyd home swirl around Maguire . it 's a new sensation for this bachelor . dorothy do not let he stay up too late . chad ( grandly ) hey , man , tonight I be go to teach Ray about jazz . dorothy good , that will put he to sleep early . no offense . she twirl toward the door , grab she purse . chad you know , you people have a jazz problem in this house . Laurel enter , add to the chaos , adlib hellos . ray I wanna go too . Laurel give Ray a look . Ray back down , as Jerry hear snatch of the woman 's group go full blast in the live room . dorothy we will see you soon , honey . bye . jerry bye you guy . 88. Ray extend he arm , he want a hug . Jerry bend down awkwardly to give he one , and Ray plant a kiss on Jerry 's cheek . all be surprised , especially Jerry . dorothy be strike and move . shot fall on Ray who watch Jerry exit with wonder . even at he age , he know a prize when he see one . int . kitchen -- night Laurel look out the window , watch she sister exite . she be equal part jealous and protective . she spot key on counter . she grab they and run out to catch she sister on the lawn . " all shook down . " replacement . ext . dorothy's house -- night Jerry and dorothy exit through the many car which we now see be park on the street and the front lawn . the sound of the woman 's group be hear in the warmly glow house behind they . laurel hey ! as Jerry move ahead to the car , dorothy retreat so she can have privacy with she sister . laurel ( continue ) forget you key -- dorothy ( privately ) that 's the first time I ever see he kiss a man , like a dad , be not that just ... thrill ? ( eye tear up ) I mean , he must have be need that . woman 's group laughter in the distance as Laurel attempt to glue she emotional sister back together . she hold she arm . laurel no no . do not cry at the beginning of the date . dorothy ( laugh , wiping tear ) oh , knock it off ! 89 . laurel ( can not help it ) and do not be a shoulder for he to cry on either . we stay with Laurel as she watch she sister exit . Music continue . lit by streetlight , dorothy run like a young girl , across the lawn of this car-fill neighborhood , slapping away the leave of a tree , run to Jerry down the street . int . antoniox restaurant -- night Jerry and dorothy sit at the table of this mexican restaurant . in the background , mariachis play . jerry it be laziness 1 my whole breakup with avery . you know that thing you say , " it 's nobody 's fault . " it 's one of the great lie , right ? someone be always to blame -- if you go for it , go for it like you do a job , work at it -- dorothy maybe love should not be such hard work . I know , but -- mariachis approach the table . head mariachi a song for the lover ? jerry / dorothy ( too quickly ) no . no thanks . dorothy we work together . Jerry slip the guy a few buck to go away . they do so , reluctantly . jerry see , you choose . if you fall for someone , if you make a commitment , you should make it work . it 's only when " option " enter the picture that thing get bad . I be speak historically now . it 's a modern day concept , nueroticism -- how do I feeeeeel ? -- I think the only good thing to ( more ) 90 . jerry ( cont would ) come from this period in history be probably the movie " Annie Hall . " dorothy ( evenly ) maybe you should call she . jerry no no no . I just underestimate she ... ( touch wound ) she temper , I guess . why be we even talk about this ? a flower girl approach the table with a armful of rose . flower girl a rise for the lady . jerry you want a -- dorothy '' ( '' ( scoff ) no . no way . Jerry give she few buck , she exit . dorothy ( continue ) yeah . it be not like my marriage to Roger be so great , even before -- ( stop herself ) Jerry ? jerry what ? dorothy ( simply ) let 's not tell we sad storey . Jerry laugh to himself . he admire she directness . dorothy ( continue ) I will be right back . quit think that murky thought , okay ? we be young , we be semi-successful . life be good . she exit and we hang on he for a moment . 91 . int . bathroom -- night -- minute later dorothy on the phone outside the bathroom . dorothy no , now ... come on ... let Chad catch the bee in a glass . he will not hurt it . aw , buddy , you get such a good heart . I love you , I will be home soon . can not wait to see you . ext . bathroom sbe exit the bathroom and stop at the sight of what be happen at the table . Jerry , hand on face , be embarrassingly be serenade by the mariachis , who now play a mournful " tear in Heaven . " she smile at the image , in fact the poetry charm she . dorothy move forward , grin , fish some buck out of she pocket , and send the mariachis in another direction . dorothy come on , let 's take a walk . int . dorothy's porch -- night Music feather into sound of night . a bug buzzing from the nearby light , Jerry swat it away . jerry well -- this would be goodnight . dorothy good night . they do not kiss . they take great care not to touch too much . jerry I will see you tomorrow . they do not move . on impulse , she grab he and pull he close . kiss he . it 's a good one . dorothy good night . but they do not move . he pull she closer by she strap . they break . she hold they up , nervous now . his lip travel down . he kiss she upper chest . she sigh deeply , she 's miss this feel . Jerry rise to kiss she lip again , tie she strap back on . her expression say there be a decision to make . she concentrate on the styrofoam container she 's bring back from the restaurant . 92 . dorothy ( continue ; breath ) I think you should not come in , or come in depend on how you feel . jerry same to you . dorothy no . I have to go in . I live here . jerry right . I will come in . dorothy okay . wait here a second . ( beat , then ) do we really want to do this ? jerry ( half -unsure ) oh hell yes . she exit , as shot linger on Jerry . that odd moment when you have cross the line . he take a breath . int . live room -- night dorothy enter to find Chad watch t.v . the house be now quiet , the remain of the divorce woman 's group be still in evidence . dorothy he 's asleep , right ? chad yeah , how would it go with sportboy ? dorothy still go . Chad raise he eyebrow . dorothy ( continue ) shhh . ext . porch -- night Jerry on the porch , as Chad exit . Chad now fully play the part of friend with seniority . look the taller Jerry up and down . chad treat she right , man . she 's ... 93. jerry ( self -conscious ) yeah ... well ... chad she 's great . and I know this be a little awkward , but I want you to use this . Chad ruumage in bag for a moment . Jerry be somewhat horrify at what Chad might be give he . out come a cassette tape . chad ( continue ; intense ) this ... be mile Davis and John coltrane . stockholm . 1963... two master of freedom , play in a time before they art be corrupt by a zillion cocktail lounge performer who destroy the legacy of the only american artform -- jazz . Jerry take the tape , as the front door squeak open . dorothy shoos Chad away , quietly lead Jerry inside . int . bedroom -- night fierce , drive jazz . dorothy and Jerry make out on bed . get hotter . the music get wilder . finally it be impossible to ignore , and Jerry collapse backwards on the bed laugh . she be leave freeze , she arm open but he be go . dorothy what be this music ? they both crack up , and she kiss he as the music play . he look at she . she turn away , then back again , he 's still look at she . it 's a powerful moment for she . laughter continue , the music be ridiculous . ( they sex be a big difference from the let 's - be-intense sex with avery . ) int . kitchen -- night -- same time Laurel just home from work in nurse uniform , have a late- night joint and carefully blow the smoke out the window . laughter from the next room . she pop open the styrofoam appetizer she sister bring back from dinner . dissolve to : 94 . int . dorothy's bedroom -- morning Radio click on . it 's still dark . only the glow of the digital lamp . Jerry alone in bed . he get up , cough , pull on some pants . manuever through a strange bedroom , step on toy . int . kitchen -- morning dorothy and Laurel in the kitchen , wait far the first possible drop of coffee . dorothy I be get he up , do not worry . ' Ray will never see he mother 's raging physical need . she start to exit , but Laurel pull she back far a second . laurel first you gotta tell I something . dorothy no -- int . hallway -- morning Jerry move dawn the hallway , hear voice . int . kitchen -- morning laurel because I be worried that you be put you faith in this guy who , because of the way thing be go , may not have a emotional marble in he head . dorothy please , if I start talk -- laurel guy be just different people when they be hang onto the bottom rung . on jerry listen . pin to the wall , listen to the kind of honesty a agent rarely hear . dorothy ... so what be I , for take the opportunity , Laurel ? ( more ) 95 . dorothy ( cont would ) maybe I be take advantage . be I a bad person ? all I know be that I find someone who be charming and popular and not- so- nice to I -- and he die . okay ? so why should I let this guy go , when everything in my body say this one be the one . laurel easy , hon , I be just look for fun detail -- dorothy oh , well , why do not you say so ? and oh , I do not know if you be interested in this detail , but I be just about to tell you that I love he . I love he , and I do not care what you think . I love he for the guy he want to be , and I love he for the guy he almost be . I love he . they look at each other . the cat be way , way out of the bag . on jerry rub he face . ray hi Jerry ! dorothy lean into the hallway now , see Jerry stand there , well within earshot . as Ray pound down the hallway in he new over - size shirt , bring by Jerry , dorothy begin to crumble . the lack of control in she life be overwhelming she . dorothy oh God . jerry easy , easy -- Jerry enter the kitchen , stand near Laurel . jerry ( continue ) I could pretend I do not hear , but I will not , I hear everything . ( to Laurel ) thank you for you honesty , as always . 96 . laurel ( freeze polite ) coffee , Jerry ? jerry oh , no thanks . we bottom - feeder prefer cereal first -- ray let 's have Apple jack ! Apple jack it be . dorothy , good morning , darling . he kiss she on the cheek , in full view of Ray . dorothy , still embarrassed , not sure what be go on , reach for cereal . Jerry sit down for breakfast . they be a odd , but fairly complete-look family . ray ( continue ) what 's go on , Jerry ? jerry a lot . we get a big fax today ... we need this commission , buddy . the sister look at each other . Ray look around , he feel happy , but there be something else in the room . he shrug and continue to feel happy . int . jerry's home office -- later day Jerry and dorothy prepare for the tidwell , clean up the cramped office , unstack chair and make room . dorothy that be great of you this morning . the tidwell honk , arrive in the driveway . jerry ( friendly , dismissive ) look , let 's just root for a big offer so we can move out of this room to a real office . she feel slightly slap down , but cover . she open a window quickly , and busy herself with the clutter at hand . on fax connect . 97 . four face wait for the result . everybody have a stake in this fax . live be very clearly hang on this result . marcee shut she eye . marcee read it to I , and do not say anything unless it 's over nine . there be a stun disappointment on the fax . Jerry 's heart sink . his face slacken . jerry aw shit -- Rod turn away . dorothy shut she eye , as marcee open hers . marcee one-point -seven for three year . that 's below average . we owe more than that ... it be so very painful for she , as tidwell slink off to sit in a seat too small for he . jerry I will go back to they . marcee ( explode ) and say what ? " please remove you dick from my ass ?! " both man look at she . the outburst have surprised even marcee . marcee ( continue ) I be sorry . I be a little pregnant right now . tidwell I feel like cry . I feel like break the room up . jerry okay , we do not take this emotionally . we roll with this problem . marcee what be you talk about -- " do not get emotional . " if you ask I , you have not get emotional enough about this man . 98 . jerry marcee -- marcee what do you stand for ??? dorothy look right and leave , can not hold back . dorothy how about a little piece of integrity in this world that be so fill with greed and a lack of honorability that I do not know what to tell my kid except take a look at a guy who be not shouting " show I the money , " he 's quietly break and work for you for free ! ( off Jerry 's pain look ) well , I be sorry , I be not as good at the insult as she be . marcee no , that be pretty good . tidwell ( impressed ) no shit . dorothy in fact , you should read something that mean the world to I ... she open a drawer , and withdraw the Mission statement . she be head across the room to give it to marcee , when Jerry swiftly intercept it . jerry another time , okay dorothy ? dorothy Fine , I just -- jerry and I appreciate that impulse . Jerry throw the Mission statement into a bottom drawer . camera move to tidwell , and we see he for the first time without he protective shield of attitude . scare . tidwell tell I what to do , Jerry . you tell I to eat lima bean , I will eat lima bean . ( more ) 99 . tidwell ( cont would ) if you say take the shitty deal , that 's all we can get -- marcee " all we can get ? " tidwell can I speak with my agent here ? marcee be passionate . focus on Rod . marcee you know what you be qonna do , rodney . you be gonna reject this shitty contract . you be gonna play out you existihg shitty contract and go be a free agent next year and the hell with Arizona . this be we , and we determine we worth . you be a fine , proud , survive , splendid black man . beat . truer word ... the big man look into he wife 's eye . tidwell honey , you be just -- no one else in the world exist . they be focus totally on each other . Jerry and dorothy in the background , just watch the intricate machinery of this marriage . tidwell ( continue ) -- the shit . she caress the back of he neck . he pull she to he . he give she a small kiss . dorothy and Jerry look at the couple , fascinate and somewhat uncomfortable . there be a palpable forcefield around the tidwell . they be a couple in every passionate sense of the word . after a beat : jerry if you get injure , you get nothing . tidwell wo not happen . I be strong in my mind . jerry it 's a risk . Jerry look over to dorothy , who grit she tooth at the implication of the decision . 100 . tidwell Bet on I , dude . Bet on I like I bet on you . tidwell put he hand out . Maguire be conflict , but he take a breath and shake . ext . jerry's home office -- late afternoon tidwell and marcee exit . dorothy and Jerry on the lawn . jerry I will get you some quick work -- tidwell good deal , man . marcee I be sorry what I say back there . jerry do not be silly . marcee my husband believe in you . we be gonna make it . bye bye dorothy . dorothy take care you guy . tidwell exit . finally , dorothy and Jerry be alone . the tidwell situation have leave a ominious feel in the air . dorothy ( continue ) look ... I be up for a job in San Diego before I leave SMI . it 's with the charger . airplane wheel touch down . jerry do not even talk about that yet . I will find something fast for tidwell . we will stay afloat . ext . commercial set / taylor chevrolet / arizona -- day tidwell stand on the set of a regional Arizona car commercial . it be a hot day . Three other bored , large Arizona athlete wait by a coffee machine , as Jerry 's friend , director Bill dooler appear ready to implode . dooler be argue with tidwell . 101 . Maguire stand slightly away , act as referee . nearby , a camel . dooler look , Rod , just get on the camel ! jerry Bill , Rod , wait -- tidwell dude , know you art form . if you put the camera down here , look up , I look more powerful . there 's no need for a camel ... you get I . jerry Rod , get on the camel . dooler ( shoot look to Jerry ) the sponsor want a camel -- tidwell Jerry , back I up . it 's either the camel or I ... tidwell wave he arm , spook the camel , who spit and stormp . several crew member scatter in various direction . jerry ( take the bullet ) airight . enough . I be pull he out of this . this be not what I have in mind anyway . dooler then you should not have begge I to hire he . ext . set -- later Jerry and tidwell walk quickly from the set . in the background , another athlete ride the camel . tidwell there you go , dude . you be learn how to represent I . we be not gonna bring nike to they knee with some regional camel ad -- Jerry rub he face . 102 . jerry can I ask you a question totally unrelated to you career ? tidwell oh , we gonna be friend now ? jerry what do you know about dating a single mother ? tidwell warm to the personal question . tidwell oh I know plenty . I be raise by a single mother . jerry tell I , because it 's be a month , and she 's about to take another job in San Diego . tidwell be always happy to hold forth . tidwell first , single mother do not " date . " they have be to the circus , you know what I be say ? they have be to the puppet show and they have see the string . you love she ? jerry how do I know ? tidwell you know when you know . it make you shivver , it eat at you inside . you know ? jerry no , I do not know . tidwell then you gotta have the talk . jerry but I sure do not like that she 's leave . tidwell well , that be not fair to she . a single mother , that 's a sacred thing , man . 103 . jerry the kid be amazing . tidwell ( shaking head ) no . a real man do not shoplift the " pooty " from a single mom . jerry I do not " shoplift the pooty . " we be throw together and -- I mean it 's two mutual people who -- ( a look ) alright , I shoplift the pooty . tidwell shame on you . shame on you . int . zoo -- day Jerry , dorothy and Ray at the zoo . Ray strain at Jerry 's arm . life-chang decision in the air . dorothy they offer I everything I ask for , it 's only 2 hour away . I think it 's good for we . Jerry feel tug in many direction , and not just by Ray . they approach the reptile house . ray show I the animal , Jerry ! jerry right up ahead , buddy -- they approach the reptile House , where a small crowd be gather . jerry ( continue ) -- I give you my favorite animal in the zoo . be you ready for the weirdness , the strange perfection and truth of ... ray I be scared . what be it ? jerry it 's in a cage . do not be scared of ... a few people peel away , revealing ... 104 . jerry ( continue ) the two-Head corn snake . the two - head corn snake a friendly but confuse look reptile . the snake have two head , both identical , both twist and battle each other for direction . aw - ed chatter around the animal range from " weird " and " wow " to " mira mira ! do cabeza ! " few can turn away . ray whoa . dorothy ( quietly ) two head . my God ... Jerry be happy to play tour-guide . jerry both head have brain . both head eat , both head battle for direction all day long . ( meaningful ) man , can I relate . the odd animal move forward , fight itself constantly . ray I too . dorothy just look at the two man in she life . she turn to anonymous man stand nearby , stare at the animal . dorothy be this a guy thing ? anonymous man it be , and it be not . on the two - head corn snake strangely endear , jittering and move around the cage . ext . dorothy's front yard -- day a u-haul be park in the driveway . Inside the cab , a very sad Ray . Jerry approach carefully . Ray do not look at he . he open the door , scoot the kid over , and sit next to he . 105 . ext . dorothy's live room -- day Laurel and dorothy say goodbye . laurel you be do the right thing . I mean , come on . you need to start you life and he ... he need a warm body to cushion the fall . check out exhibit a on the front lawn -- Pov -- the sister we see Jerry , follow Chad back to the house , say goodbye too many time . he 's anxious not to be leave alone . finally Chad grab he by the shoulder , say goodbye , as a sad Ray trudge to the cab of the u-haul . Jerry now follow Ray to the car . ext . dorothy's place -- day Jerry scoot a very sad Ray over , and talk to he in the car . jerry I be not good at this . Ray begin to cry . Jerry be incapable of deal with it . jerry ( continue ) I will see you this weekend , okay ? promise . Ray wail . Jerry squeeze he shoulder , it do nothing , so he exit . he rise and face dorothy , key in hand . jerry ( continue ) sure you be okay to drive this ? dorothy this rig ? phht . no problem . jerry so I will see you this weekend . she accept it casually , with a shrug . dorothy airight , so goodbye and -- ( simple , with shrug ) I love you . Jerry blink . 106 . jerry ( too quick , weirdly ) ... I love you too , you know . she react with a odd look . the word do not sound right , and he know that she know . jerry ( continue ) what -- dorothy look , just in case this weekend become next month and next month become ... whatever ... ( beat ) do not make a joke of you life . go back and read what you write . you be better than the rest of they , better than the Bob sugar , and do not forget it . he shudder a little with the intimacy of she word . she kiss he , and move quickly toward the car , leave he alone in frame . he grow increasingly uncomfortable . he watch she leave . jerry wait a second . on dorothy move to she car . she hear he . it 's not loud enough for she . jerry wait a second ! she stop , smile very slightly to herself , bite she lip . she turn and he be now close to she . jerry ( continue ) I know a way to s... to save on Medical and rent and ... look ... he grip one hand with the other . dorothy look at he strange behavior . he look over to the cab , where Ray be make a sad face at he through the window . jerry ( continue ) ... what if we stay together ? what if we uh ... get marry . 107 . she look at he . it 's a odd proposal . jerry ( continue ) if I say that , would you stay ? dorothy no no . do not do that . do not say that if you do not ... jerry will you marry I ? she look at he , full of love , dabbing at she mascara . ext . dorothy's backyard -- day Rod tidwell sing marvin gaye 's " what 's go on " at the wedding for assort guest gather here in the backyard . contrary to he own belief , Rod be not a gift singer . in the wedding band , stand on a small stage in the corner , be Chad and dooler . on jerry who stand watch , smile paste on , with stoic father and well - dress brother . brother where be all you friend ? jerry ( look around ) in the band . int . dorothy's live room -- night we be close on Ray now as we hear the sound of a reverend read wedding vow . Ray hold the ring , and wait for he cue to offer it . but he have forget the cue . and every time the reverend pause , he start to offer the ring . dorothy 's leg and hand be visible in frame . she calm he with a hand on the shoulder . and finally the cue come and he offer the ring . int . dorothy's hallway / kitchen -- night the bride and groom catch each other , post - wedding , in the hallway of the small home where the event have take place . dorothy wow . we actually -- 108 . jerry yeah , we do . giddy , dorothy head into the live room where Friends and relative watch the video of the wedding . and now the enormity be evident on Jerry 's face . warm laughter in the b.g. more laughter and family noise in the background now . he hold onto a table for a moment , steady himself . Jerry take a breath and move into the kitchen . find a beer . he turn and find himself alone with Laurel , for the first time . she raise she beer . they toast , warily . laurel if you fuck this up , I will kill you . jerry ( as she exit ) glad we have this talk ! nearby , tidwell watch all . he move to Jerry . confidentially : tidwell you never have the talk , do you ? jerry no . tidwell well , this be another way to go . Jerry smile . dorothy bring Jerry a Poloraid someone take , and for a moment the couple stand awkwardly together . tidwell rub Jerry 's shoulder a little , announce to the room : tidwell ( continue ) this be my agent , man ! and we be all gonna have a great season ! he pound Jerry on the back , hard , shaking he like a pinata . fade to ext . philadelphia playing field -- day tidwell catch the ball , take a vicious hit . the season be on . int . philadelphia PRESS BOX -- day across the room , he see GM Dennis wilburn stand with avery . 109 . he turn away , pass a monitor where elsewhere in the country , Frank cushman be have another sensational Sunday . int . tidwell live room / phoenix -- day this be the tidwell family ritual of watch Rod 's game on the big-screen home t.v. at the center be marcee tidwell . everything flow from she . next to she be tyson , and then the cousin , the neighborhood friend . at this particular moment , they be all scream for Rod , who be take a beat , but be have a hell of a game . in front of the t.v. , tyson do the " daddy dance , " a dance of pure joy . tyson ( proudly , to family ) that 's my motherfucker ! marcee reach out and collar she dance son . marcee why do not you be the first man in you family not to say that word ? and then we will let you live . tyson nod , wide - eye . marcee ( continue ) now go kiss you daddy , quick . tee pee ( cooly ) that 's why they cheer , you know . the white man send the black man into battle ... marcee shoot he a look , as tidwell take another rough hit . int . stadium hallway -- night Jerry stand wait . Bob sugar nearby , greeting quarterback JOHN swenson . still no tidwell . ext . philadelphia locker room -- night finally , here come tidwell , move very slowly with garmet bag . jerry how 's you head ? bubblicious . 110 . tidwell tidwell move to a tan in a wheelchair , sign a autograph and move on . Jerry alongside . the quarterback suck , man . he 's gonna get I kill . jerry I be a little worried -- tidwell I be worried too . I be worried that the only reason I be here get my brain blow loose be that you be not asshole enough to get my ten million three month ago . insane fan ( interrupt loudly ) fuckin rod tidwell you rule you rule ! I won a fuckin , a fuckin mug on you in my rotiss ... rotliss ... with great skill , tidwell pat the fan and move he along to other tired player . tidwell peace , my drunken brother . ahd do not discuss gambling with I . insane fan move to another player . Jerry proceed carefully . jerry we can still take the offer , Rod . tidwell ( stop ) no. Jerry regards he slightly befuddle friend . jerry well , just stay healthy . I will show you the kwan . tidwell ( irritate ) hey , that 's my word , okay ? tidwell wearily head for the bus . Jerry stand in the parking lot . jerry I will see you in Arizona . 111 . tidwell I be gonna have the game of my life on Monday night football , and show all this motherfucker . jerry take care , okay ? you be my entire client roster . tidwell do not I know . now go home to you wife . jerry what 's that suppose to mean ? tidwell why be you even here , man ? you could have tell I all this over the phone . jerry I do not know -- how 's " dedication " for a answer ? tidwell you do not want to go home , do you ? jerry why be you do this to I , Rod ? tidwell I be ask you a question -- jerry no , you be -- tidwell I be try to talk to you . how 's you marriage ? Jerry look at Rod for a moment . it be the simple question , and one in which he have no quick answer . jerry not everyone have what you have . tidwell then why would you get marry ? I be ask you as a friend . jerry ( shaking he head ) you be jabbing at I . 112 . tidwell I be sorry I ask . jerry no , I be go to answer you . you want a answer ? I will give it to you . ( beat ) loyalty . she be loyal . ( unconvincing ) everything grow from there . tidwell that 's a answer . jerry damn right . tidwell ( jab ) for loyalty , you buy a dog . for love , you get marry . jerry look . I be happy to entertain you , as always , but I have a question for you . be we really " friend ? " tidwell why not -- jerry well , friend can tell each other anything , right ? if we have we " friend " hat on -- tidwell ( wary ) I think so . jerry ( intense ) airight . here 's why you do not have you ten million dollar yet . you be a paycheck player . you play with you head . not you heart . in you personal life ? ( point ) heart . but when you get on the field -- ( more ) 113 . jerry ( cont would ) ( finger rise to tidwell 's head ) -- you be a businessman . it 's wide - angle lense and who fuck you over and who owe you for it . that 's not what inspire people . I be sorry , but that 's the truth , can you handle it ? just a " question , " Rod . between friend . tidwell I do not want to be friend anymore . jerry Fine . tidwell beautiful . jerry ( angry ) we still have dinner in l.a .? tidwell ( anqry ) only ' cause my wife like you wife ! Jerry exit . tidwell be piss . and hurt . tidwell ( continue ) " no heart . " " no heart ? " ( yell after he ) I be all heart , motherfucker ! he get on the bus . int . crab restaurant -- night the tidwell and the maguire . tyson and Ray run around the table of this family - style restaurant . marcee be very very pregnant . they crack crab for each other , season for each other , feed each other like one many - armed and loving body . marcee -- so I go to see a so-called " black " film the other day -- ( then ) -- honey , no more salt for you , I do not want you dehydrated for Monday night football . most important game of you career . ( more ) 114 . marcee ( cont would ) ( then ) -- twenty minute of come attraction . all black film , all violent , I be talk about brother shoot brother , wesley snipe with gun the size of we house , kill , blood flow , car crash ... blood blood blood blood . be this all they think we want to see ? come on ! I enjoy shindler 's list . give I a little credit , I mean hooo -- tidwell I hate you go to movie alone withoutme -- marcee oh baby -- he crack more crab , give she the biggest piece . shot of jerry and dorothy sitting across the table , stunne , just watch this intricate and perfect marriage . shot of marcee she take a breath and get a weird look . tidwell what baby ? marcee baby . baby . baby ... int . hospital room -- night marcee give birth , Rod assist . Jerry and dorothy watch from behind thick glass . she hang she arm on he shoulder , look at he . Jerry stare straight ahead . mortify , with dry throat . int . dorothy and jerry's bedroom -- night Jerry and dorothy exhaust , alone , get ready for bed . dorothy sit down near he on the bed . dorothy what be you think tonight ? watch they go through the complete human emotional experience ? 115 . jerry I be think I hope he do not get injure . I feel responsible . dorothy sometimes I can not tell at all , what 's go through that head of yours . he make a noise . as in -- it 's no big mystery . dorothy ( continue ) and I really do not know you noise yet . jerry well , when you wonder , ask I . dorothy ( unsatisfy ) okay ... I will ... beat . he feel inadequate . jerry why do you love I ? dorothy why do you love I ? it be , of course , the better question . and before he can answer , there be a pound at the door . ray Jerry , can I come in and watch t.v.? dorothy jerry I will come visit you in a just for a few minute , second -- buddy -- the door fly open and Ray come bound in , onto the bed , station himself in the center and begin wrestle Jerry for the remote control . dorothy watch , disconnect . a steeliness come over she that we have not yet see . int . preschool -- next day dorothy drop Ray at preschool , and stand in the doorway of the playroom . she watch the boy and girl play together in a room full of bright color and game . Music . anxiety building . 116 . ext . ray' playhouse -- night Jerry sit finish a phone call to a advertising account exec . he have come here , to Ray 's playhouse for privacy . jerry tonight . yeah , the red-eye , I will be in Arizona on Monday ... Jerry adlib some salesmanship on tidwell 's behalf . dorothy approach . she give he a few phone message , sit down . beat of silence . he see a look on she face that be unfamiliar . dorothy it 's my fault . jerry what -- dorothy it 's not fair to you . this whole -- jerry ( instant crisis mode ) tell I -- let I help -- dorothy I take advantage of you and worst of all , I be not alone . I do this with a kid . I be just on some ride where I think I be in 1 ove enough for both of we . I do this . and at least I can do something about it now . jerry ( damage control ) well -- I be not the guy who 's go to run . I stick . dorothy I do not need you to " stick . " jerry you want ... dorothy I do not know -- jerry ( it slip out ) ... my soul or something . 117 . dorothy why fuck not ! I deserve it . jerry ( direct ) dorothy -- what if I be just not build that way ? dorothy I think we make a mistake here . but now he can not stop . jerry what if it 's true ? " great at friendship bad at intimacy . " I mean , come on . it 's the theme of my bachelor film -- dorothy I know . I watch it . I sort of know it by heart . jerry ( absorb it ) I do not like to give up . dorothy oh please . my need to make the best of thing , and you need to be what , " responsible " ... if one of we do not say something now we might lose ten year be polite about it . why do not we call this next road trip what it be . a nice long break . jerry what about Ray ? she note the only real glimpse of ache , in that question . dorothy there 's no question you will be friend . of course you will be friend . jerry so this break ... be a break-up . dorothy come on , Jerry . you know this be not easy for I . ( more ) 118 . dorothy ( cont would ) I mean , on the surface , you would almost think everything be fine . see , I have get this great guy who love my kid -- ( resolute , no tear ) -- and he sure do like I a lot . Jerry Maguire , a man who speak for a live , have nothing to say . dorothy ( continue ) I can not live that way . it 's not the way I be " build . " he move to embrace she . she pull away first . int . ray' room -- night Jerry kiss sleepy Ray goodbye . jerry do not wake up ... and then face the exotic fish who now reside on Ray 's table . he once live in a tank the size of a cadillac . the fish now hang in a too-small bowl , look at he . jerry ( continue ; defensive ) ... it be just a Mission statement ... int . airport -- day Jerry Maguire stretch he arm out . a security wand pass over he . deadness in he eye . the glaze of the road on he . Music . ext . SUN devil stadium -- arizona we be hover in the sky , just above Sun Devil Stadium . the classic Monday night football shot from the blimp . int . tidwell live room -- night tidwell 's family in the live room . a buzz in the air . the pregame show be on , sound -mute . Old -school on the stereo . everybody be happy . marcee sit in the position of honor , she new baby kaydee in she arm . she be a tired mother , and the family celebrate she . 119 . tee pee he would better not mess up on Monday night football . marcee shoot tee pee a look . tee pee ( continue ) what do I say ? he get nervous for the t.v. game ... it 's not a secret . int . tunnel area / pre -game -- night nervous tidwell chew a toothpick as he stand check out the field . nearby , some cheerleader and a man in a Pickle suit . pickle man nothing like Monday night , huh ? what be it , 2 billion viewer ? tidwell ( irritate ) should not you be out there do some pickle dance or something -- Pickle man nod and go out to dance for the crowd . voice hey Rod -- hey buddydude -- tidwell turn . it 's Bob sugar approach . laser-like , ready to feed on he insecurity . sugar listen , I speak to you quarterback . he 's my client , you know . and I say , " take care to get that pass down , let tidwell look good on t.v . " tidwell look at he , chew he toothpick . sugar ( continue ) you should let I do more for you . I would have have you you deal by tonight . Al michael be a friend of mine . I would have have he on the air , talk about you , tonight , when it count . tidwell get outta here . go. 120 . sugar where 's you agent tonight ? tidwell do not know . sugar Rod . I know this be " uncool " to do this now , but you belong with the big boy . you belong with the money . you belong with -- here come Jerry Maguire . jerry get the fuck away from my guy , sugar . tidwell can not help it . he beam as he see he agent approach . tidwell Jerry ! you make it -- jerry ( off sugar ) go. flee . sugar retreat , offer one final look to Rod , think about what I say . tidwell thanks for come . jerry ( bittersweet ) I miss ya . what can I say ? int . tidwell home -- night they watch the game . gifford ( on t.v. ) it 's a bruiser out there tonight . michael ( on t.v. ) Arizona refuse to go into the quiet night of this rough football season . come on , I be try to be poetic here . tidwell take a rough hit , and they respond loudly . 121 . dierdorf ( on t.v. ) ooof . another rough hit across the middle on Rod tidwell . nothing poetic about that . int . PRESS BOX -- night Maguire move through the box . int . field -- night tidwell take a hit . hang onto the ball . int . tidwell live room -- night the tidwell clan be bang on t.v. trays and whooping loudly . but in the middle of the cheer , marcee see the unsettle look on young tyson 's face . she pull he over to she , give he preference over baby kaydee . he be the only thing in she world , as she say : marcee what do daddy say ? tyson " it look worse than it be ... marcee give he a kiss , as tidwell make another grueling gain on the field . frank gifford's voice they do not pay enough for a man to take that kind of ugly hit -- marcee ( to other ) Boy , no s-h-i-t. Big laugh from the live room . except tee pee. tee pee he 's gonna have nothing leave for next season . they be let he kill himself . marcee can you be quiet ? tee pee what would I say ? int . PRESS BOX -- night Maguire watch as Arizona 's quarterback John swenson drop back for a pass , and be sack . 122 . Philadelphia fan cheer wildly . the game be turn uglier by the minute . Jerry look up to the monitor for a closet look at the next play . on PRESS BOX monitor swenson , the Arizona quarterback , throw a wobbly pass into the end -zone . tidwell leap for the catch , tuck the ball in and be promptly and brutally hit by two defender from two different side . this hit be bad . worse than bad . tidwell flip and come down like a sack of potato , with a thud , ball still in he hand . his head hit the astroturf , hard . tidwell be out cold . and the ripple effect of the injury shoot through the stadium . Jerry stare at the monitor , stunne by the sudden brutality . ext . arizona field -- night we be thrust into the vortex , inside the game . tidwell lie still on turf . overhead , the fight music continue for a few second before disappear abruptly . player and coaches begin to gather around the still body of Rod tidwell . tv monitor -- slo -mo the hit in replay . it be brutal . and we can see a flash of he pride as he catch the lousy pass , and then ... like two bull , the Philadelphia defender enter from each side . one cut he leg out from under he , and Rod 's taut body literally flip . the second defender then hit he at the shoulder . tidwell land on the back of he neck , crumpling downward . still hold the ball . still . int . tidwell live room -- night silence . utter silence . gifford's voice -- you sure hope he family be not watch that . and then , in a cry that gurgle from way down deep , marcee begin to sob . camera catch the face of tyson , now panicked . scare , he embrace he mother . int . bowel of SUN devil stadium Maguire sprint through the inner bowel of the stadium . he turn the corner , into the tunnel , talk he way past a guard , head into the bright t.v. light of the football field . 123 . int . tidwell live room -- night gather around the television , the family wait through a commercial for more information on Rod 's injury . tee pee he should have keep he head tuck down . marcee ( immediately ) shut up !!! tee pee I be not put he down , I just have a commitment to the truth . marcee lunge for he . marcee can not you be loyal to you brother who love you ?? ( she be hold back ) get out of my house ! across the room , the phone start ringing . a cousin answer . cousin it 's Jerry Maguire ! ext . arizona field -- night Jerry Maguire on the portable . jerry he take a shot . he 's unconscious . marcee I be freakin out . oh God I be -- jerry keep the phone open . I will call back . stay calm . he 's get some good doctor out there . marcee " stay calm ? " I be freakin ... jerry alright , I be freaking too . but they need you to stay calm . I will call back . 124 . marcee my whole life be this family , Jerry . it do not work without he . she take a big gulp , as Jerry watch a overzealous trainer run out onto the field to join the cluster around the fall tidwell . Jerry cover phone and yell onto the field . jerry don't touch he !!! ext . CENTER of playing field -- night we be now just a few inch in front of he peaceful , sleep face . they be all . yelling , try to pull he out . shot of national television audience 1 ) a full sport bar in arizona silently watch Monday night football . 2 ) generic live room of sport fan , all watch tidwell pin to the screen . 3 ) generic outdoor bar -b- que as white fan watch t.v. 4 ) tidwell live room . all gather around the television . 5 ) Maguire strain at the sideline . on tidwell -- close Dead to the world as sound disappear . there be now only silence . Pov tidwell - slo -mo -- silence the doctor and the trainer be now truly panicked . we do not hear they . we see they , they motion increasingly manic . shove finger in front of he . scream . we read they lip . ( " Rod ! " " Rod can you hear we ! " ) we see the anguish and escalate fear on they face . the trainer lean in close , bellow , he spread he hand wide to clap right in front of Rod 's still face . his hand head toward each other ... closer ... bring with they the first inkling of sound ... get closer and then finally come together , bring with he the sound of the stadium . on tidwell who blink back to life . concerned man be yell very loudly , right in he face . tidwell become aware he be the absolute center of attention of the entire stadium . as crowd noise begin to rise . 125 . trainer let 's get you off the field ! tidwell wait . trainer can you feel you leg ? tidwell yeah . just let I enjoy this for a minute . on jerry who watch . only marginally relieved . be he okay ? on fan crowd noise rise . be he okay ? on tidwell can he move ? be he okay ? on tidwell' live room not a breath be take . be he okay ? he rise . Stadium explode . at first on wobbly foot , he raise the football and for the first time -- salute the crowd . crowd noise double . on maguire gasp for breath . on tidwell have never feel like this before in he life . it be the pure and absolute love of the spotlight . and he fan . and then ... it 's real and he feel it . tidwell break out in a small but unmistakable move -- a flutter step . he do a high -stepping move , all he own , for about ten yard . on jerry maguire who watch , now in complete disbelief . tidwell will not let go of the spotlight . on tidwell' live room go absolutely nut . marcee hysterical , laugh and cry . 126 . marcee ( to tee pee ) you be not talk now , be you ??? you be a silent motherfucker ! tyson watch in silent awe of he mother . back on tidwell -- close finishes he small but heartfelt dance . it be a personal catharsis he be share now with 2 billion people . tidwell ( to himself ) nike . he move past Jerry Maguire on he way off the field . Jerry , casually thump he heart twice . Jerry Maguire be overcome with emotion . he sit down on a camera case , head in he hand . behind he , a stadium cheer a new hero . overheard fan I always know he be great . Maguire rub he face . overcome . photographer and other rush past to be closer to tidwell . int . tunnel -- later Jerry Maguire surround by well - wisher and backslapper and sportswriter . success have return , in all of it 's superficial grandeur . he be a star again , by association . we catch the look on Maguire 's face . try as he might , he can not manufacture the joy of the moment . there be a void . over the head of the heatseeker we see Dennis wilburn nodd , hold a thumb up . he try to get to Maguire , but cannot . and then a commotion behind they all . reporter it 's tidwell ! tidwell exit the locker room . Press and media surround he . even the grizzle old - time stadium worker reach in to squeeze he , to slap he , to touch he . he work he way to Maguire . they hug . cameras flash . tear roll down from beneath he purple shade . tidwell we do it . and now , in the middle of this emotional union , a portable phone ring . both man reach for they porty . it 's Maguire 's . with anticipation , he answer . 127 . jerry hello. ( beat ) it 's marcee . she say she could not get through on you phone . tidwell grab the phone , and joyously share the moment with he wife . Jerry watch , as tidwell lean on he shoulder . on sugar and swenson ( watching they ) Bob sugar watch from the nearby wall where he stand with he client , quarterback John swenson . swenson why do not we have that kind of relationship ? int . arizona karoake bar -- night Rod tidwell sing karoake , on stage . he 's struggle through U2 's " one . " in the audience be many Arizona player , as well as most of tidwell 's family . tidwell one love ... you get to share it ... int . tidwell home -- night tee pee be stick at home , babysit twenty kid . int . karoake bar -- night we move past many Big Men celebrate tidwell , sing along , share they Monday night victory , onto melancholy Jerry Maguire . he watch , cellular at he side , as a young agent approach . young agent Jerry Maguire . I be Tommy bendis . you do not know I , I be a new agent , just get start . I represent that place kicker over there . ( indicate kicker ) I wonder if you would sign this for I . because it inspire I . he withdraw a well - thumbed copy of Jerry 's Mission statement . the blue cover be rip along one edge . it clearly have serve as a manifesto for this young man 's career . 128. on jerry maguire he feel the cover , flip through it a little . memories flood with the pass page . shot hold on Jerry 's face , as tidwell continue sing in the background . suddenly , a odd feel . a shiver run up and down he spine . his forehead tingles . he rub he face . all he can do be think of dorothy . agent just make it out " to Tommy " . jerry Tommy . I love you . int . airport -- night Jerry maquire sprint through the empty airport , head for the last flight out of town . Music . int . dorothy's live room -- night the divorce woman 's Group in session . Laurel stand near the doorway , blow cigarette smoke into the night . dorothy be now a part of this group . dorothy I have listen to you all tell a thousand sob storey , and I have be very judgmental . frankly , I think you have all be waaaay too comfortable with you pain . plus , Jan , you always spill you red wine on the couch . ( off Jan 's guilty look ) I have not be fair to you . woman need to stick together , and not depend on the affection of a man to " fix " they life . maybe you be all correct . Men be the enemy . murmur of agreement . dorothy ( continue ) but I still love the enemy . murmur of disappointment . 129 . ext . dorothy's house -- night Jerry exit cab , hold hang - up bag . look at the house . on the other side of that window be a world he hope he 's still a part of . int . live room -- night Jerry enter . dorothy be seat toward the back . jerry hello . I be look for my wife . dorothy look up , rob of word . stun , she do not move . jerry ( continue ) alright . if this be where it have to happen , then this be where it have to happen . dorothy say nothing . jerry ( continue ) I be not let you get rid of I . how about that ? he share a look with some of the other woman . she 's not go to say a word . neither do they . jerry ( continue ) this use to be my specialty . I be good in a live room . send I in there , I will do it alone . and now I just ... I do not know ... but on what be suppose to be the happiest night of my business life , it be not complete , be not nearly close to be in the same vicinity as complete , because I could not share it with you . I could not hear you voice , or laugh about it with you . I miss my wife . we live in a cynical world , and we work in a business of tough competitor , so try not to laugh -- ( directly ) I love you . you complete I . dorothy aw , shut up . you have I at hello . 130 . he move to she . they embrace . Ray watch in b.g. Jerry have give this room hope . it 's on they face . at last , even Laurel get off on she sister 's happiness , as she share a look with Chad . jan ( sloshing wine ) I think we would better go ... int . roy firestone show -- night Roy firestone lean forward . firestone ... you father who leave the family on Christmas eve , the mother who clean the step of a prison to make you tuition . the older brother who lose a leg in that tragic bass fishing accident -- tidwell be wear glass now , in a somewhat scholarly mode . tidwell no , Roy . I be not gonna cry . firestone -- well , Rod , you agent pass I a note before the show . he say that you deal memo have be sign by the Arizona Cardinals . four year for ten-point- two million dollar . play in the state where you grow up . on tidwell -- weeping tidwell I ... I love everybody , man . I love my wife . my kid . Little tyson . my new baby kaydee . my brother tee pee . I love my friend , my teammate , who be I leave out ? firestone ( laugh ) it 's only a half - hour show , Rod . on tidwell' friend and family watch off-camera . marcee cry too . shot take we to Jerry , dorothy and Ray . 131 . tidwell wanna send some beautiful love out to my offensive line , just a beautiful bunch of dude , wanna thank a beautiful individual -- God , and of course the entire Arizona organization , a little slow , but they do come around . I be leave somebody out ... amuse and finally glimpsing the end of a long journey , Jerry lean over to marcee . jerry take care , marcee . we will see you at the restaurant . she nod , emotionally , bite she lip . tidwell oh yes . Jerry Maguire ! my agent ! this be a fierce , loving individual , I love this man , he be love , he be about love -- my ambassador of kwan . firestone ten second , Rod . tidwell and I love my fan , of which he be one . wanna thank they for all my Sunday , and of course my Monday night too . that about say it ... Jerry watch wonderously at the monitor before leave . tv credit be roll on the show . tidwell ( continue ) wait ! and thank you melvin from the casual man , thank you for the suit ... ext . parking lot -- day Jerry , dorothy , Ray exit into the daylight . they walk to Jerry 's car . from across the fence , a stray baseball from a pick - up game fly into the parking lot and bounce ahead of they . Ray pick it up . in a easy fluid motion , he whip it back over the fence to the game on the other side . a few kid on the other side of the fence shout they approval of a great little throw . 132 . Jerry and dorothy stop , look at Ray who have just show shocking natural ability . they be quiet for a moment , turn slowly to look at each other . and then , not ready to deal with it , not even close to ready to deal with it , they say quickly to the boy : jerry dorothy come on , Ray . Ray , let 's go . happily Ray join they as they walk to the car . a family . Music . fade out the end