the assassination of jesse jame by the coward ROBERT ford by Andrew dominik no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . picture . December 8 , 2004 warner bros . picture inc . '' 2004 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved a ~ the follow sequence be almost a home-movie . the image be grainy and seem bleach by sunlight , like a impressionist painting . they be score to the narrator 's voice and describe jesse's eccentricity and the circumstance of he daily life . there be no natural sound , just music that tug at we sense of melancholy . jesse be present to we initially as a shadow , or with he back turn , as we approach this legendary figure gradually : ext . woodland ave . cottage . - dusk narrator ( v/o ) he be grow into middle age and be live then in a bungalow on woodland Avenue . Green weed split the porch step , a wasp nest cling to a attic gable , a rope swing loop down from a die elm tree and the ground below it be scuff soft as flour . narrator ( v/0 ) he install himself in a rock chair and smoke a cigar down in the evening as he wife wipe she pink hand on a apron and report happily on they two child . int . woodland ave . cottage - day . action as per voice over : narrator ( v/o ) whenever he walk about the house , he carry several newspaper — the sedalia Daily democrat , the St. Joseph gazette , and the Kansas City Times ~ each with a foot - long .44 caliber pistol tuck into a fold . ext . STREET , kansas CITY - day . jesse , from a distance , a dandy in he gentleman 's clothes and cane . everyone seem to know he . narrator ( v/o ) he go everywhere unrecognize and lunched with Kansas City shopkeeper and merchant , call himself a cattleman or commodity investor , someone rich and leisure who have the common touch . montage : jesse be scar and wound : narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) he have two incompletely heal bullet . hole in he chest and another in he thigh . he be miss the nub of he leave middle finger and be cautious lest that mutilation be see . ext . woodland ave . backyard - dusk . jesse look out beyond the prairie wheat , to the die sun . narrator ( v/o ) he also have a condition that be refer to as granulate eyelid and it cause he to blink more than usual , as if he find creation slightly more than he could accept . ext . garden patch - day . he scour for nightcrawler and flip they into manure pail . he chop they into writhe section and sprinkle they over he garden patch . narrator ( v/0 ) he could neither multiply nor divide without error and much of he science be superstition . he could list the many begotten of abraham and the sixty - six book of the king James Bible ; he could recite psalm and poem in a stentorian voice with suitable histrionics ; he could sing religious hymn so convincingly that he once work as a choirmaster ; he be marvelously inform about current event . montage : jesse be belief . narrator ( V /o ) and yet he think incense be make from the bone of saint , Bones be ground . narrator ( V /0 ) - that leather continue to grow if not dyed , leather grow . narrator ( v/0o ) - that if he concentrate hard enough he body 's electrical current could stun lake frog as he bath . a frog keel over . jesse watch : narrator ( v/0 ) he could be reckless or serene , rational or lunatic , from one minute to the next . int . drygood store , kansas CITY - day . action as per voiceover : narrator ( v/o ) if he make a entrance , head turn in he direction ; if he strode down a aisle storeclerk back away ; ext . STREET , kansas CITY - day . a dog shy , its hackles raise . narrator ( v/o ) iff he near animal they retreat . int . topeka exchange SALOON , kansas CITY . day . customer become disturb , affect without know why . narrator ( v/o ) . room seem hotter when he be in they , rainfall , as see through a window : narrator ( v/o ) rain fall straighter , a clockface : narrator ( v/o ) clock slowed , cutlery clatter : narrator ( V /0 ) sound be amplify : on jesse as he slowly lift a flame hand : narrator ( v/0o ) his enemy would not have be much surprised if he produce horn owl from beer bottle or make candle out of he finger . ext . woodland ave . backyard - day . he wade barefoot through the backyard grass with he six - year-old - son hunch on he shoulder and he trousers roll up to he knee . narrator ( v/0o ) he consider himself a Southern loyalist and guerrilla in a Civil War that never end . he regret neither he robbery nor the seventeen murder that he laid claim to , int . kitchen . woodland ave . cottage - night jesse , sleepless , at the kitchen table : narrator ( v/o ) - but he would brood about he slander and slight , he callow need for attention , he overween vaingloriousness , and he be excessively genteel and polite in order to disguise what he think be vulgar , primitive , and deprave in he origin . ext . prairie . dusk . jesse in the prairie wheat at dusk . narrator ( V /0 ) sickness make he smell blood each morning , he visit room at night , he sometimes hear child in the fruit cellar , he wade into prairie wheat and stare at the horizon . close on jesse , he eye impossibly blue : narrator ( v/0 ) he have see another summer under in Kansas City , Missouri , and on September 5 % , in the year 1881 , he be thirty - four year old . fade out ext . blue CUT ( as see from the southern ridge ) - day . thirty foot below be a cinder roadbed , the sickle curve of rail , the grade that be hard work for a locomotive . Beyond that be the northern ridge - a lower elevation - rise ten foot above the cut . ext . southern ridge - day . frank jame ( stern , 38 ) stand back in the green darkness , study the terrain . off -screen we hear the sound of some fool crash through the weed to the rear of he . frank open he coat and slide he hand over he revolver . voice ( off - screen ) Excuse I , but I see I have sort of traipse in and interrupt you . frank turn to see a boy in a stovepipe hat and a overlarge black coat that 's cinched by a low - sling holster . his hand be overhead as if a gun be upon he . frank which one be you ? bob ! Bob Ford . frank ah , charley 's brother . bob receive this as a invitation to lower he hand . he hunker down next to frank and take off he hat . bob I be lie when I say I just happen down here . I have be look for you . I feel lousy that I do not say so at the outset . frank dig in he pocket and extract cigarette making . he 's not inclined to converse . bob folk sometimes take I for a nincompoop on account of the shabby first impression I make , whereas I have always think of myself as be just a rung down from the James brother . and , well , I be hope if 's I run into you aside from that peckerwood , I could show you how special I be . I honestly believe I be destine for great thing , Mr. James . I have get quality that do not come shine through right at the outset , but give I a chance and I will get the job do - I can guarantee you that . frank slime he cigarette and strike a match off he boot sole . bob slap he stand frank you be not so special Mr. Ford . you be just like any other tyro who 's prinke himself up for a escapade . you be hope to be a gunslinger like that nickel book be about , but you may as well quench you mind of it . you do not have the ingredient . a mosquito and look at he blood freckle palm . bob I be sorry to hear you feel that way since I put such stock in you opinion . and rehat himself . bob as for I be a gunslinger , I have just get this one granddaddy Patterson colt and a borrow belt to stick it in . but I have also get a appetite for great thing . I hope join up with you would put I that much closer to get they . and that 's the plain and simple truth of the matter . frank so what do you want I to say ? bob you will let I be you sidekick tonight . sidekick ? bob so you can examine my grit and intelligence . frank examine he cigarette , suck it once more , and flip it onto the roadbed . frank I do not know what it be about you , but the more you talk , the more you give I the willy . I do not believe I even want you as close as earshot this evening . bob I '' sorry - frank ( interrupt ) why do not you go ? and , after a beat , bob tramp up the hill , slapping weed aside . ext . wood . ( moving with bob to the gang 's camp ) day . bob pass a number of horse rein to a piece of rope fix between two tree . he pass men age in they late teens and early twenty - hooligan mainly , boy with vulgar feature and sullen eye . they cradle shotgun and wear patch coverall and foul look suit coat . they be know collectively as the crackerneck boy and be just here to provide ' atmosphere 's at the robbery and easy prey for the sheriff afterwards . bob clear this group and arrive to a view of jesse surround by the inner gang ; the current apostle : ROBERT woodson hite ( wood ) be jesse be cousin , sulk and moon over some imagine slight . charley ford be bob 's older brother , who chuckle and bray and hee - haw and who cover he leave boot with a coat in order to conceal a clubfoot . dick liddil and ed miller can be see in the background , work over a cast iron pot : miller be the anxious type ; have a streak of spit where he spine ought to be . dick liddil be a good-look horse - thief . bob eye this group hungrily , covete admission . he then cross the ground just as dick liddil rattles the pot and sing out : dick chowtime ! jesse be the last to rise , and bob close in on he like a valet . bob be I too late to wish you a happy birthday ? jesse how would you know ? bob you would be surprised at what I have get store away . I be a authority on the James boy . jesse you name be not Bunny Ford , be it ? bob begin to nod , then check himself : bob why no . it 's Robert Ford . jesse of course it be . bob bob. jesse you have never be with the gang before , have you ? bob oh no sirree . I 'ma virgin . at least in that one respect , if you get my meaning . jesse take a heape bowl from dick liddil in he gunnysack apron . he lower himself onto a stump and bob squat in the dirt at he foot . jesse yes ? bob you brother Frank and I just have a real nice visit . must have be a hundred subject entertained , have to do with the Chicago and alton railroad and the assignment on board the car . jesse , bored , close he eye and exercise a crick in he neck . bob well , the upshot be , we sort of mutually agree that I should use my ability as you helper and , you know , apprentice . so we could be confederate together and come out of this unscathed . that be the upshot . jesse open he eye and squint at bob . jesse well , Buck do the figure . do you know what this stew need , Bob ? bob be perplex : bob dumpling ? jesse noodle . you eat yourself some noodle stew and you clock will tick all night . you ever see that woman over in fayette could suck noodle up she nose ? bob do not believe I have . jesse you have get canal in you head you never dream of . bob be dumbfounded . bob I do not like to harp on a subject but - jesse I do not care who come with I . never have . I be what they call gregarious . frank jame be drink coffee and scowling as he sit on the far side of the fire . jesse raise he voice : jesse I hear you and young stovepipe here have a real nice visit . frank look askance at bob and fling the dregs of he coffee onto the ground . frank ( terse ) you boy have get about a acre of rock to haul , dingus . you would better goose they down yonder . ext . blue CUT railbed - day . a cotton wood tree be skidd down the bank and heave over the polished steel rail . the crackerneck boy carry boulder of lime and sandstone which they fort around the tree as shovel sing and pick splinter . jesse supervise the rock pile , recommend land to be mine for stone , chew he green cigar black . shadows grow long and die . Cloud brick overhead and brindle pink . then crimson . then violet . then black . ext . northern ridge - night . bob hold a match for jesse as he read the dial of a pocket watch . jesse you can stick with I but do not heel . I do not want to bust into you every time I have the notion to change direction . bob I '' not a moron , for Heaven 's sake . jesse curtain he coat halve over he revolver . jesse they be suppose to have a hundred thousand dollar in that express car ; at least that 's what the gossip be . bob my finger be already start to itch . jesse squat and strike a match and turn up the flame of a lantern . he then wad a red flannel sleeve around the glass chimney and the yellow light ruby . frank call from above : frank ( offscreen ) that 's ideal . ext . southern ridge - night . frank be up on the South Ridge with dick liddil , wood hite , ed miller , and charley ford . he watch the crackerneck boy who ramble lackadaisically along the track , rifle hoist , dangerously crossing path with each other in the night . frank look at that fool . they be go to trip and shoot each other into female . dick I nil bet I can find they husband if they do . this jolly even frank . ext . northern ridge . night . jesse hold the lantern over he pocket watch . both hand near the ix . jesse ' about two year ago we rob the same . railroad , only it be right in Glendale we board she . bob I know that . you might not realize it yet but I be a storehouse of information about the James gang . I mean I have follow you career . bob stuff a white handkerchief under he stovepipe hat so that it conceal he face . ( one eyehole have be cut slightly lower than the other - create the impression that he be cock -ey and pitiable - not at all what he have mind . ) 10 jesse do you know what happen five year ago to the day ? to the day ? what happen on September seventh in eighteen seventy - six ? bob you make a attempt on a northfield , Minnesota , bank . be not it own by General Ben butler ? the scourge of New Orleans ? jesse that 's right . bob knew it . jesse Bill chadwell , clell Miller , Charlie pitt - they be kill outright . the younger have be in prison ever since . it 's painful to recall . bob and you never get a plug nickel from that bank . jesse so you can see how this date would have a aroma for I . then jesse prick up like a animal might . ext . blue CUT railbed - night . he hop down the bank in three plunging step , shake out he trouser cuff , and keel to put he ear to the rail . the hum of the locomotive be like insect in a jar . jesse she 's right on schedule , Buck ! ext . southern ridge - night . 1 frank stub out he cigarette and turn to dick . . frank you would better go on down to jesse . ext . blue CUT railbed - night . jesse raise the blue bandana over he nose and place he right boot on the rail as dick slide down the southern cliff . dick tie a red bandana over he face and amble over , shaking the dust from he shirt . the locomotive 's chuffing be grow loud . jesse be right foot tickle with rail vibration . 11 the headlamp 's aisle of white light fill the forest passage , streak across scrub and bush , then bend and flood toward jesse . he swing he red-lantern in a yard master 's signal to stop . the brake be engage with a ear split scream . coupling bang . spark slice off the rail as the engine swiftly decelerate . and a great cloud of steam break over jesse . then the gang be run and bound and skid down the embankment . bob ford slide down like a debutante in petticoat , he leave hand snatching at root while he right unveil he eye long enough to peek around at the commotion : men rush alongside the train lever they rifle in a manner they fancy be ghoulish and frightening . jesse hop out of the steam and up onto the cab step and cock he revolver . the engineer cringe down behind he hand : engineer do not shoot ! ai not no call for that ! jesse you two best come down from you machine and bring a coal pick along . engineer you have get the gun . he obediently drop a coal pick onto the cinderb and climb down . the stoker follow - he 's scared sick , sweat crawl over the filth of he face . he look about sixteen . jesse shake the hand of both worker : jesse gentlemen , I be jesse James ; the man you have read so much about . ext . baggage / express car - night . the baggagemaster and express messenger have they head tilt out the door at radically different height . t baggagemaster opie ? we be go to bolt this door from the inside . express messenger I have say that 's a good idea . the door slam . int . baggage / express car - night . the two man stack chicken coops , bag and box to hide the Adams | Express company safe . 12 baggagemaster if they push you to the brink , do what you must to save you own skin . express messenger thanks for the reminder . the messenger lean himself against the doorframe and peek through a crack . he see : a man in a confederate officer 's coat and blue bandana mask limping toward the express section with the young stoker in tow . behind hima young boy in a stovepipe hat point the engineer in the same direction with he revolver . ext . baggage / express car - night . the engineer try the doorknob . then try again with he weight behind it . engineer it 's lock . jesse re-cock he revolver . jesse why do not you smash it in . the engineer grunt the coal pick up and swing it into the door near the latch . the wood splinter loudly . he have to tug hard to extricate the embed spike . jesse ( to bob ) the lock door and the smash they down , that 's a little skit we run through each time — sort of like grace before dinner . the engineer swing again : int . baggage / express car - sametime . the wood scream and fold inward from the blow . the messenger see that they will get in anyway and go for the bolt : messenger all right ! all right ! you can come in now ! jesse sock the door open , heave he chest onto the threshold and knee himself into the room . dick liddil , ed miller and the come- lately charley ford follow he . a lantern be pass up as jesse lift package and shake they and guess at they content : jesse that 's a woman 's satchel ; all fancy bead work and paper flower . 13 messenger ( nervous grin ) could be . jesse smashes another box on a nail and snag it open , find inside a photograph of a child in a oval frame , the cheek tear by a nail . he look at it a moment and then glare at the frighten messenger : jesse I want you to open that safe . the messenger look to the baggagemaster for council - but the man 's head be down . he look back at jesse with he nervous smile . charley ford step forward and strike he over the skull with he pistol . the man drop to he knee , blood shoelace he face . the baggagemaster back to wall in horror . ed miller you do not have to bop he , charley . jesse yes , he do . they need the convincing . they get they company rule and I get my mean streak and that 's how we get thing do . charley grin with accomplishment and jesse clear some register off the only safe he can see . jesse come over here and attend to this now . we hear a wild and scramble off - screen fusillade and dick lean outside to see what 's go on : - night . ext . blue CUT railbi the crackerneck be fire at two figure crouching with a red lantern . frank jame holler for they to cease , and after a further twenty round they do . dick see bob ford squatting in the weed , stand guard over the stoker and engineer , he cocked revolver up next to he cheek . dick ( call ) scare ya ? bob stand sheepishly : bob I could not tell what on earth be go on ! int . baggage / express car - night . the express messenger jerk the company vault door open . charley ford empty the content of the safe into a grain sack which he hand to jesse . jesse puzzle over it 's content . 14 jesse be not no hundred thousand dollar in here , Dick . dick look into the grain sack : dick I be real disappointed . jesse turn on the express messenger : jesse get down on you knee . messenger why ? jesse you oughta pray ; I be go to kill you . ed miller ( panic ) hey ? jesse get down ! messenger you 'il have to make I . jesse all right . jesse sock the man with he pistol and he drop like empty clothes . jesse look at he for a moment , then cock he pistol and put it against the unconscious man 's head . ed miller react with horror : ed miller do not shoot he ! jesse grin , uncock the pistol , and pick up the grain sack . jesse do not you tell I what I can and can not do . ext . blue CUT railbed - night . bob ford , stand over the engineer and the stoker , watch as jesse jump down from the express car . jesse encourage the messenger and baggagemaster outside with he gun . the messenger stagger over towards bob , bleed profusely , and crash down into the weed . bob gape at the wound in panic . jesse we be go to go through the car . if any of they so much as twitch , give they coconut a sockdolager : that 's a language they understand . 15 int . passenger car - night . wood hite 's boot slam the door aside , and he enter , a eye-hole flour sack over he head , he twelve - gauge thrust forward : wood hite throw up you hand , you son -a-bitch ! and for emphasis he slap a man in the mouth . then frank jame enter in he gray coat and yellow bandana . he see thirty men either cower or flinching or accuse he with they eye , while the wive scrunch down behind they husband 's shoulder . he stride down the aisle , imperious as Victoria 's consort , he bootheel bark on the oakwood flooring . he scowl and linger over any who seem recalcitrant , tick a button or collar with he remington revolver . frank be any of you preacher ? no one raise a hand . frank be any of you widow ? some frown with curiosity . frank we never rob preacher or widow . four hand shoot up . frank no ; no , you be too late . frank nod to the rear of the coach and jim cummins scuttle forward and punch he revolver into the into the coat of a man . jim cummins I be jesse James , ya damned yellow dog ! gimme all you money ! the man fiddle in he coat and produce a wear envelope full of bill and a English gold watch . a bearded man with spectacle hand frank jame a roll of bill , but frank have a hunch about he and put a cocked revolver to he forehead : frank delve a little deeper . the man turn up a further hundred dollar . jesse rap on the doorglass with he gun . Frank swivel and wave he in . dick and charley follow . 16 frank just work you way to the middle . the gang make they way down the coach with sack , steal coin , dollar , watch , bracelet , ring , stickpin , pendant . Children wail in corner , several woman have become hysterical . Men sit in chair with blank face , they hand lumped in they lap , have lose fortune ; they crabbe savings , the cost of a cottage , the auction sale of six holstein cow , a laggard Silver anniversary watch . ext . passenger car platform - later . a dispirite jesse exit onto the platform where he see frank and same of the other shed loot into a flour sack . wood hite and ed miller pass by he with fire axe . a young brakeman sit nearby look bankrupt . jesse how much do you lose ? brakeman fifty cent and that be all I have . jesse dig into he grain sack and hand the brakeman a dollar fifty . jesse here 's the principal and interest on you money . . the sound of wood splintering be hear and jesse turn to see wood hite and ed miller attack the bedding and box in the sleeper carriage . the whole affair degenerate into a carousal . jesse shout at they : jesse okay ! enough ! let 's vamoose ! ext . southern ridge - night . the gang scrabble up the bank to the wood . we follow bob to where charley wait with the gather horse . bob remove he mask with the cut out eye . charley I be in top form tonight . do you see I roast that one go for stand on he cash ? bob no . I miss that . I be outside , y’see . charley he kind of skidd when he walk be how I know . and he wife , she be in a state , she beady little eye all squinch up . bob really take the cake , do she ? 17 charley oh my , yes . jesse 's gonna be satisfied with I . ext . nearby cornfield - night . jesse 's horse prance impatiently as he remove a document from he shirt and display it for the assemble gang : jesse this here be a proclamation by the governor of Missouri . ( beat , he glare for effect ) it mention Glendale and how certain party confederate to steal what be on that train . it go on about the Winston shebang last summer and then it say that the governor , one Thomas T. crittenden , be offer a reward of five thousand dollar for the arrest and delivery of Frank James or jesse James to the sheriff of daviess County . it go on to offer a further reward of five thousand dollar for we conviction of either of this crime . the governor have a regular toothache over the James gang . my guess be hhe all agree to just about anything thing if it all make the pain go away . ( beat ) but you will not none of you get away with bargain or make exchange . I have get a wife and two child I nve get to look out for . ed miller you can trust I . jesse rock back and give himself over to a long think before replying : jesse I know I can , Ed . ext . kansas CITY , outskirt - night . the jame the ford brother and wood hite ride into kansas CITY under a cold rain that knuckle they hat and sink they horse deep in the mire . int . woodland ave . cottage - night . zee jame be asleep on the sofa . jesse creak open the kitchen door and surprise she awake with a kiss . int . woodland ave . kitchen - night . zee boil water . 18 jesse I be at a cattle auction in Independence . have a good day too . she do not look up from the saucepan . zee so you have get money again ? jesse come out of it real satisfactory . he jump up from he chair and gander out at the red barn . he can not sit still . jesse guess who I run into ? she give jesse a wifely look and remove a jar from the pantry shelf . jesse Buck , for one . then Wood hite and two cove of he . they be with the animal right now . zee they do satisfactory at the auction , too ? jesse ( grin ) about the most they ask be that they come out of a swap meet with all they finger and toe . he adjust a dry hat on he head , and then , without justify he exit , head out to the stable . int . barn . woodland ave - night . coal-oil lantern gladden the interior of the barn , but frank jame be gloomy and glaring at the young man 's slipshod management of they horse . he see jesse appear at the dutch door and grumpily seat himself on a long bench , he leg wide , he finger join around a yellow cigarette . the jame brother do not speak . ext . barn . woodland ave - night . jesse stand just inside the sloshing eave peer at he older brother with melancholy . it 's a moment before he perceive that bob ford be stand to he right . jesse you must have creepe up on cat 's paw . bob I will wager that 's the first and last time you will ever be catch off -guard . jesse how old be you , kid ? 19 bob twenty . ( beat ) except I will not really be twenty until January . ( he scratch he sleeve apologetically . ) I be nineteen . jesse you feel older than that though , do not you ? bob yes , I do . jesse you enjoy yourself this evening ? bob I be strung too high for much pleasure . jesse seem to think this a appropriate remark . jesse do you like tea ? int . barn . woodland ave . - later . frank gather two horse blanket and make he way to a empty stall . charley do you think the sheriff 's out already ? frank generally be . charley slink over to the stall and watch as the grim man hang he coat . charley I be not just flap my lip about my kid brother and I . what I figure be if you and jesse could gauge we courage and dare , you just might make we you regular sidekick . frank shoot he a look of umbrage as he spread out a wool blanket on the straw . frank you be beginning to sound like Bob . charley I nil be square with you : it be Bob who put I up to it . he 's get plan for the James boy that I can not even get the hang of , they be that complicated . frank settles into repose , wrapping another horse blanket around he . 20 frank you might as well forget everything about that because there 's 1l be no more monkey business after tonight . you can jot it down in you diary : September seventh , eighteen eighty - one ; the James gang rob one last train at Blue cut and give up they nightride for good . charley how will you make you live ? frank be smoking a cigarette with he eye shut . frank maybe I ’‘1l sell shoe . ext . woodland ave . porch - night . jesse and bob come out onto the porch with a candle and two cigar . jesse lower into a rocker and bob take the mate chair . bob bend forward over the flame and light he cigar . bob I can not believe I wake up this morning wonder if my daddy would loan I he overcoat , and here it be just past midnight and I have already rob a railroad and I be sit in a rock chair chat with none other than jesse James . jesse it 's a wonderful world . bob have you ever hear outlaw call dollar bill ' Williams 's ? I read that in morrison 's sensational Series . you see , Bill be a nickname for William . jesse I see . ' . bob you have not hear anybody say it though ? jesse can not say so . bob you know what I have get right next to my bed ? the trainrobber , or a story of the James boy , by R. W. Stevens . many 's the night I have stay up with my mouth open and my eye jump out , read about you escapade in the wide awake Library . jesse they be all lie , you know . 21 ° bob ' course they be . jesse you do not have to keep smoking that if it 's make you bungey . bob be relieved . he reach over the banister and drop the cigar ina puddle . jesse smile : jesse . you know what charley once tell I about you ? he say you have a shoebox practically fill with James boy memento . bob submerges he resentment . bob that must have be a couple of year ago . jesse or maybe it be Bunny who do that . bob you be make sport of I , be not you . jesse catch bob ' S wrist and put a finger to he lip : a stoop man with a lunchpail tramp through the rainmuck of the street . jesse ( call out ) even , chas ! chas j.t , jesse they have get you work late again ! chas : James , gang rob another train . jesse you do not mean it ! ( call after he ) if they put a posse together get I into it , will ya ? the man cross the street to he yard . bob you really be the cool customer they make you out to be . I be impressed as all get-out . jesse seem suddenly glum . jesse I be a no good , Bob . I be not Jesus . 22 jesse get up , go back inside the bungalow , and close the door . fade out . ext . woodland ave . house - day frank jame and family be assemble in travel clothes around a phaeton carriage . zee hug annie ralston jame and then grasp 3 year - old rob to she bosom . frank receive she kiss like medicine , and then turn to the backyard to see he young brother angrily look away . int . woodland ave . house - day bob watch from the Kitchen window as the phaeton pull away , then drop he cup in the sink and head out to the backyard . ext . woodland ave . backyard - day jesse sit in a rocker that be submerge to its seat in grass and - weed . beat . jesse my brother and I , we be scarcely on speak term this day . bob I be not go to mention it . jesse reach into a tin under he chair and haul up two writhe snake . bob flinch . : jesse you scared ? bob just surprised a little . jesse they be not as succulent as I like and they be the devil to clean but if a man skin they and fries they in garlic and oil - mercy , it 's good eat . bob I have never be that hungry . jesse unfold a four-inch knife and lift the head of a snake on the blade . jesse I give they name . bob such as ? jesse such as enemy . I give they the name of enemy . 23 ~~ he lay the snake on the arm of he chair and carefully saw off they head with he knife . the body curl and thrash . he flick the head into the grass . jesse go tell Wood and charley to get they gathering together . bob I too ? jesse you can stay . int . barn , woodland ave . - day . the dismissal hit wood hard : wood I be he cousin ! my momma be he daddy 's --? bob sister . wwoood that 's right ! so how come it 's I who have to rattle he hock out of town ? charley be already pack . = charley '' if I know jess , there 's some real nasty sad - suzie work that 's get to be do around here and Bob 's the ninny that have to do it . ext . woodland ave . backyard - day when they exit jesse be at the compost crib , drool the snake body onto the mulch . jesse ' Wood ? you tell you daddy I ’'1l be in kentucky in October and maybe we can hunt some bird together . wood but how come it 's Bob who get to stay ? jesse Bob 's go to move my gear to a house down . the street . charley wink at he brother . charley see. 24 bob I do not mind , ( though of course he do ) sound like a adventure . charley jump up onto he mare and address jesse : charley if you ever need I to make smoke someplace again , a body can usually find - I at my sister 's - over at the harbison homestead . jesse I will keep it in mind . wood you know where I ’'1l be . jesse limp over to the bungalow . jesse it 's be pleasant . at the porch door he give bob a exact look which imply he 's already beginning to suspect he own judgment . jesse you have get some pack to do , kid . ext . troost ave . house - night narrator ( v/0 ) they move to 1017 troost Avenue at night so that the neighborhood could not get a good look at they or they belonging . bob be do all the lift , jesse provide direction . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) and then Bob think jesse would give he eight hour sleep and a daydream goodbye ; int . roost ave . house - day ' the family be assemble around the dining table . bob seem to be hope he continue presence wont be notice . narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) ~ but with a second day in the j.t. Jackson house , Bob think he might never go but might be bring in as a good - nature cousin to the boy and a gentleman helper to Zee . ext . barn , troost ave . house - day action as per voice - over : 25 narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) he curry the horse next to the horse that jesse curry . ext . porch , troost ave . house - day action as per voice - over : narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) he smoke a cigar that match the cigar that jesse smoke . they rock in chair on the front porch - int . topeka exchange SALOON - day action as per voice - over : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) - and make trip to the topeka Exchange saloon , where jesse could spend nearly sixty minute sip one glass of beer and still complain about feel tipsy . angle on bob : narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) Bob would rarely vouchsafe he opinion as they talk . if speak to , he would fidget and grin ; ext . topeka exchange SALOON - day jesse chat with a man in the street . move in on bob . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) if jesse palaver with another person , Bob secretary they dialogue , get each inflection , read every gesture and tick , as if he want to compose a biography of the outlaw , or as if he be prepare a impersonation . ext . missouri river - dusk ' jesse wade in the shallow with he trousers roll . bob nanny tim on the steep bank . a fire burn next to they . jesse sloshes up the cliff and look down at the fishing line . jesse any nibble ? bob can not say I have feel even a twitch , jess . jesse ( caution : ) Little rabbit have big ear , bob. 26 bob Dave . could be it 's not night enough yet , Dave . jesse turn to the boy : jesse you want to go play ? tim slide down the weed without say , go down to the water he father have walk in . jesse unlid a mason jar and hand it to bob . bob swallow , spilling beer on he chin . jesse good ? bob good as baby Jesus in velvet pants . jesse scowl at the blasphemy . jesse you people god-fear , Bob ? bob oh heavenly day , yes . my daddy 's a part- time preacher . jesse Rich or poor ? bob think about it . bob prosperous , I guess . he could give I plenty of money but he 's get this philosophy that he boy ought to feel some hardship or else they 'il spoil . jesse a man of principle . ' bob people say that when really they only want to make you unhappy . tim swat the river with a wash - up board . jesse call to he : jesse do not get yourself all soak now you little honyock . jesse start put on he sock and boot . jesse you ever hear any gossip about my father and Frank 's be two different man ? 27 bob yes . jesse they say that be the reason my papa go West in the gold rush : he could not support the shame of it . what do you think of a story like that ? bob I be more personally interested in what you think of it . jesse ( angry ) I think it 's a goddamn lie . bob I be with you then ; and I will not hear another word on it if the subject ever come up . bob remove he hat and scratch he head . bob since we be tell storey , have you hear the one about the James gang robbing the railroad ? jesse you nre not give I enough clue . bob it 's a funny story . jesse shake he head and take another drink . bob you see , the James gang be robbing this railroad train like you do , and on board be this quaker minister , some old coot with a long beard and a mean disposition . he 's get this pinch - up wife with he and she 's shiver with fright and clutching he i sleeve . you sure you have not hear this ? . jesse I would have stop you by now . bob how 's it go ? I have gotta get this right . oh ! I guess it 's you : you stand in this railroad coach and you holler , ' I be jesse James ! and here 's what I '' gonna do ! I be gonna grab all you money . I be gonna grab all you jewelry ! I '' gonna grab everything you own ! the ppreacher 's wife be cring now , and cower behind the old coot and you say , ' and then I be gonna go down the aisle and rape all you woman ! ' jesse I do not like the way this story 's head . bob well , everyone know it 's not true , jess ; it 's just sort of comical . anyway , the quaker up and say , ' surely you would not rape a preacher 's wife ! 's and the wife give he a elbow and say , ' shut up , Homer ! it 's jesse 's train . let he rob it the way he want to . 's jesse be not laugh . bob you do not think it 's funny ? jesse well , hell , how could I if it be not true ? bob joke do not need to be , jesse . jesse you ‘’re gonna have to explain why I oughta laugh then . bob ( impatient ) why do not we just forget it . ( then , scared : ) I do not mean to sound sharp just then . jesse adjust he jacket sleeve . jesse I have get a story for you that 's true as a razor . this 'il give you a example of put aman in he place , and it do not depend upon any prevaricate . once I and Frank be riding in the countryside and get hungry , so we go up to this farmhouse and ask would this widow lady make we some supper . bob oh , that one . jesse you have hear it ? bob only about twenty time . jesse be as still as a shut - down machine . bob I have love the chance to hear you tell it , though . I imagine you will make it more interesting . 29 jesse ' I ' 1l gladly pay you , 's I say , and she say that be all right , we look like genuine Christians and she have do we the good turn . kid , I want to tell you , that be one scrumptious supper . she go all out . but Frank see she be cry and when he ask why , she say the mortgage be come due and that the loan manager be go to be there any minute to repossess the place . and she a poor widow ! can you imagine ? well now , Frank and I , we insist on pay she something ; and you know what we give she ? bob enough to pay off the mortgage . jesse you have hear this one . bob but no one ever say the supper be scrumptious . this be fascinating . jesse so we give she what she need and we go , and on the highway who 's come we way but the loan manager . he greet we but do not give Frank and I a second think , he 's that greedy to get hold of that farm . much to he surprise , of course , she pay he off and in no time he be plodd along the road with he wallet bulg he coat out and he grin on a little tighter . and that 's when Frank and I come out of the wood with mask on and steal all we money back ! jesse laugh uproariously , slapping he thigh like a plowboy . bob and you be say that 's a true story . jesse be ! bob jesse ! jesse ( testy ) you call I a liar ? tim crawl back up from the river and plop down in he father 's lap . he throw a rock and the river glunk . jesse do not do that , son . you ’1ll scare all the fish away . 30 tim daddy , I be boring . jesse ( laugh ) you mean , you be bored . tim yes . jesse hug the boy to he : jesse maybe a fish will come and get you all excited . tm I do not like fishing . jesse sure you do . I do . you must . the boy sink into he father 's jacket . the river be the only noise . jesse you know what we be , Tim ? we be nighthawk . we be the one who go out at night and guard everything so people can sleep in peace . we have get we eye peel ; no one 's go to slip anything past we . bob I have get something ! jesse you sure ? bob it 's heavy ! jesse sidle next to he and clearly struggle with the temptation to seize the pole from bob 's grip . jesse do not horse it , kid . bring it up easy . bob step on the bamboo pole and haul the weight up with both hand . the catch be heave onto the river bank : it 's a gruesome fish , a prehistoric thing that seem overdue for extinction . round as a dog with feeler that move like thumb on its skull . tim back into he father 's leg . jesse God damn it , but that 's a ugly thing . its tooth mesh and unmesh with a click . its gill wing undulate . jesse be disgust . 31 jesse kill he , kid . bob take a burn stick from the fire and stab it into the fish over and over again . jesse that 's enough ! jesse glare at bob , as though he 's be give a sign and will now act accordingly . narrator ( v/0o ) Bob be send away the next day as he know he would be . ext . store , LIBERTY - day . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) and it be already noon by the time he attain Liberty . bob water he horse at a trough . he sink a dipper into a water pail . and , as he raise it , he catch sight of he reflection : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) here , he view himself in a store window and be discourage by the reflection : a scroungy boy in a ridiculous stovepipe hat . he think himself goofy and juvenile . int . store , LIBERTY ~ day . bob cruise the aisle : Prince Albert suit ; greatcoat with cape shoulder ; knee length frock coat . bowler ; derby ; fedora ; slouch hat . bob select a fine white shirt , white underwear and a heather green suit . he crown he head with a black bowler hat that be ribbone with black silk . the store owner total the price on a newspaper . store owner you come into some money , be that ? bob you might say that . store owner do you mind if I ask how you get it , be 's you nre so young ? bob only thing necessary be a great aunt who love she nephew to piece . store owner inheritance . I see . 32 bob put he finger on the twine intersection so the store owner can make a knot . bob you be probably think I get the cash like the James gang would . be I right or wrong ? the store owner wink . store owner do not think I do not appreciate the business . ext . store , LIBERTY - day bob exit and mount he horse . a moment later the storeowner come out . he cross the street to the livery and approach sheriff jame timberlake . we can not make out he word but he point in the direction bob have ride in . ext . harbison farm ( as see from a distance ) - day bob approach on horseback . ext . yard , harbison farm - day . dick liddil be at the yard swing with Bob 's niece , ida ( 12 year old ) , twist the seat until the rope be ravele . he release she and she twirl , squealing , she auburn hair fly out . wood hite stand on the kitchen porch , stern as John the Baptist . wood you be gonna make she sick ! she 's gonna upchuck , you do not watch out ! dick cuff the girl 's dress so that it bloom and reveal she thigh . ida you be not suppose to peek , Dick ! dick but you nre so pretty ! I can not help myself ! bob , approach , call : bob howdy ! but they ignore he . wood , jealous , slam the screen door shut . int . kitchen , harbison homestead - day bob can be hear before he 's see : bob ( off~ screen ) howdy ! 33 neither charley nor martha bolton ( bob & charley' sister ) look up . bob howdy ! bob enter , make a b-line for the staircase and he bedroom . bob I be finally home ! martha I be real glad , Bob . charley I be in that room too , Bob . do not mess up my thing . int . 2 ° floor bedroom , harbison homestead - day . bob reach under he bed and hook out a shoe -box . he open the lid and lay it on the bed . from he pocket he remove a cigar butt and wrap it in the eye-hole white handkerchief . he tuck this little bundle into the box alongside about lurid nickel book about the James gang , civil war photograph , yellow newspaper article , and other James brother 's memento . then he squirm he boot off and strip out of he month old clothes . int . harbison homestead ~ day . bob come downstairs in he filthy union suit . he carry a towel , a cake of soap and a tile brush . ext . harbison farm - day two calve stare with worry as bob take a bath in the broad water tank . bob bend over to rinse soap from he hair and then shake water like a hound . then he notice a amused dick liddil stand as close as a tailor . bob how long you be there ? dick just now arrive . do I miss much ? bob not unless you have never see a man wash he dirty carcass before . dick you have get a big pecker for be such a little squirrel . bob . be that what you come over here to see ? pack bend for the towel and some of the good nature slide from he ace . 34 dick you brother say jesse keep you in Kansas City some extra day . what be the reason ? Bob rub he hair wild . bob well , I be not at liberty to say exactly . I will confess we have a adventure or two , the like of which you will never experience , but as for detail and whatnot , that would be confidential . bob straddle the tank and surround himself with the towel . dick let I ask you this : do jesse mention that I and cummin be in cahoot ? bob be that so ? dick oh dear . I have go on and say too much . bob who else be partner with you two ? dick you will just go and squawk about it to jesse . bob Ed Miller ? dick he will cut we throat if he find out . you do not know he like I do . you do jesse dirt , you connive behind he back , he will come after you with a cleaver . bob he can be spiteful , can he ? dick Ho . you be darn tootinu . bob do not see why he have give a dang since he and Frank nve call it quit and scattered the James gang hither and yon . dick study bob but see neither cun nor deception . 35 dick Boy , you really be as slow as peach mold , you know that ? tucker bassham 's already go for ten year and whiskyhead Ryan 's in jail ; goon as one or the other feel the urge he can give the government all he know about jesse and then go out on the street scot - free . jesse do not want we give ourselves up and he do not want we get catch and he do not want we gather loot except if he 's in charge . bob roll he eye in exasperation , then clutches the towel around he and reach down for he holster . dick pin it with he boot . dick let I carry you six - gun for you , Bob . bob all right . they take no more than two stride towards the house before dick have insisted the revolver under the towel with the barrel against bob 's scrotum . dick you and I , we horse around and josh each other with lie and tomfoolery , but now and then we need to get down to brass tack . which be : you so much as mention my name to jesse , I will find out about it , you better believe that . and then I 'il look you up , I ’11l knock on you door , and I will be as mad as a hornet , I will be hot . bob you be careful with that iron . dick you know where I stand on this matter and that 's all there be to it . we can be friendly as pig from now on . bob could be I will never see jesse again . dick draw the screen door wide for Bob and then restrict it with he shoulder as he pries he boot off with the bootjack . dick oh no . I have get a hunch about it . jesse will come courtin 's Ed and Jim and I , and he will find himself in the neighborhood and call on they two Ford brother . jesse do not miss much . he have a sixth sense . int . martha 's bedroom , harbison homestead - day 36 bob dress in he new clothes , select accord to jesse 's sartorial preference . but while this clothes might suit jesse James they do not particularly suit ROBERT ford . int . 2 ° floor bedroom , harbison homestead - day . bob enter to find charley and wood root through he memento : bob you two have some nerve ! bob elbow they aside and begin repack the shoe -box . Charlie hold up a photograph . charley this be not jesse . bob you do not know that . charley never wear no mustache ; never be anywhere near a cannon . wood I can not even calculate what I be lookin’ at . charley ever since he be a child , Bob 's collect whatsoever he could find about the James brother . get himself a little museum in this room , bob ram the nightstand 's door close . he 's humiliate , angry , close to tear : bob next time you snoop around up here you better strap on a shootin’ iron . charley you can see how scared I be . bob you too , Wood hite . you cross I again and I x11 put a bullet through you head . charley now be that any way to talk ? wood poke bob onto the bed . 37 wood ( sneer ) you better recollect who my cousin be . you seem to have misremembered that jesse love I like the good Book . you can play like you be a dangerous person at the grocery store , but do not you misremember who you will be accounting to if I so much as have my feeling hurt . martha ( off -screen ) do I have to yell suwee ? charley why do not everyone make up and be pleasant for once ? why do not we pass the evening like pleasant human being ? int . kitchen , harbison homestead - day dick enter with he coat and bag . martha kiss he on the lip and whisper in he ear . dick oh , goodness ! maybe I x11 change my mind . but then wood be behind he , jealously bump he towards the door . wood come on . ext . harbison farm - day dick and wood take mount they horse and wave goodbye to the ford . ext . countryside , southwest kentucky - day they ride sullenly . wood read a penny newspaper four inch from he nose . dick watch the geography sail by . ext . hite property , kentucky - afternoon dick and wood approach the hite family home . two ex-slave thresh corn in a field . a black woman pin laundry on a clothesline . mrs sarah hite stand up from she weed and excitedly wave . she 's pert and pretty . wood . you keep you hand off this one . she 's my daddy 's wife . int . dine room , hite homestead - night . dinner in silence : sarah sit next to she ancient and emaciate husband . the atmosphere be become strain , so dick lean over he pot roast : 38 dick you cook this , mar ’am ? she shake she head : sarah I have get a nigger woman . major GEORGE hite raise a ear trumpet and incline it towards he wife : major GEORGE hite how 's that ? sarah Dick ask if I cook this ? major GEORGE hite do you ? sarah no . major GEORGE hite pick up sarah 's hand and display it to the assemble like a greeting card . major GEORGE hite you boy ever see such dainty nubbin ? Sarah 's my plumb little plumb . he grin at she red-face resentment . dick look at he knife and fork . wood she know what he be like when she marry he . ext . porch , hite homestead - night . mrs sarah hite sit in a rock chair with she needlework . dick come out and lean on the porch rail . finally , he say : DI I guess we be the night owl , you and I . she simper but do not look up . I be glad . dick oh ? how come ? sarah you have a real pleasant disposition ; you be - interesting to look at ; and , I do not know , you sort of make I warm all over . dick I be what they call a worldle . 39 sarah well , I know there have to be a name for it . dick you and the hite family do not get along , if I '' to trust Wood and he version of the situation . sarah we hate each other like poison , if you want to know the truth . most of the hite would not spit on I if I be on fire . dick grin : dick they say when a woman catch fire you be suppose to roll she around on the ground and cover she with you body . Sarah laugh and clamp she mouth . sarah you naughty tease ! you tickle I to such a extent that my cheek be burn up . wood appear at the screen door , scowling , in he night shirt . wood be not it about bedtime ? dick I nil just kiss that dainty nubbin . and , as he do so , sarah giggle . int . hite homestead - night . dick follow wood up to the second floor bedroom . int . bedroom , hite homestead - later . dick be tuck under the bedsheet . he whacks he pillow . he rustle and stir . dick I drank too much coffee . he sit up to see wood glaring at he from the bunk opposite . dick I need to visit the privy something terrible . int . corridor , hite homestead - night . dick sneak down to the master bedroom and push the door inward . dick ‘s Pov : 40 major GEORGE hite be alone in the bed , putter a snore . ext . porch , hite homestead - night . dick exit , careful not to let the screen door clap behind he . ext . lawn , hite homestead - night . he cross the lawn to the outhouse in back : a interior candlelight can be see through each severance and crack . dick look around he and then slip inside . int . outhouse , hite homestead - night . sarah sit with she dress hike up and collect like laundry . her eye be downcast , but she seem less shocked than amused : sarah this be embarrassing . dick you go ahead and do you duty ; I do not mind . sarah well now , I have sort of get stage fright with a strange man in the commode with I . dick you look awful pretty . sarah do i? dick I have never see such well - shape limb . she glance fleetingly at the bent pronouncement at he crotch . sarah be Wood awake ? dick ' just I . . she consider she knee for a moment and then blow out the candle . sarah I bet you think I be a lady . ext . lawn , hite homestead - night . dick exit the outhouse and cross toward the porch . he have he navy colt revolver clutch in he right hand . a gunshot be hear - a noise like the snare of a see cut the air near dick 's ear - and a chunk of gray bark explode from the broad ash tree behind he . Dick duck behind it . 41 dick Wood ? no response . dick you be make this more grievous than you oughta , Wood . he cock he navy colt with quavering hand . dick can not we talk about it ? silence . dick I will shoot ! so help I , I be scared enough to be real undependable with this colt . dick bend out and wood fire a second time . dick duck in reaction but see wood be flash in the foliage . dick raise he gun and fire once . he then snap the hammer into three detonate cartridge . panic . he turn and see the major GEORGE hite and the servant assemble behind the screen door . he run clumsily toward they . wood shoot at he back twice - miss both time . ext . porch , hite homestead - night . dick trip on the stair and wallop into a slide across the porch . major GEORGE hite step out and holler at he son : major GEORGE hite here now ! stop this ! Wood ! I will not have any gunplay on my property ! I have tell you a thousand time . wood answer with a shot - nail a dark hole in the windowsill . major GEORGE hite stamp and yell : major GEORGE hite Wood ! you listen to I ! no more ! wood step out , look down at he revolver , and click the chamber around . woood that be my last bullet anyways . something must be wrong with the sight on this thing . major GEORGE hite look down at the cower dick : 42 major GEORGE hite what 's the reason for this ruckus ? huh ? dick see sarah slink over to she husband . he rise . dick I and Wood , we just have a misunderstanding , be all . major GEORGE hite you know what ? you have wear out you welcome , young fellow . fade out ext . ed miller 's cabin - dusk ed miller at the screen- door with a gun in he hand and fright in he eye . ed miller you come by for a visit ? jesse ( 0 /s ) you go to let I in or do I have to talk through the screen ? int . ed miller 's cabin - continuous jesse enter . the room be a mess : mold crust dish stack on the kitchen table ; newspaper shuck like . corn against the couch ; a chair a cat on the kitchen cut board lick something from tip over ; the sink . jesse you be not much of a housekeeper , be you ? ed miller you do not just happen by . jesse why not ? ! jesse look at the gun and miller put it on the kitchen table . jesse sit himself down on the ringed rug . he nod toward the sagging couch : jesse go ahead and take a load off you foot . miller do as instruct . his clothes be wrinkle as crumpled paper , he fingernails be outline with filth , a corner of he mouth be stain with tobacco juice . jesse you ought to get yourself a wife . 43 ed miller I be go to ask martha - charley 's sister ? I be go to ask she if she could imagine it , but I guess Wood have plan of he own , and there 's always Dick liddil get in the way . I have give it some think . miller can not seem to put he eye on jesse . his right foot rapidly tap the floor . jesse you crop in ? ed miller do not get much . a garden patch and pasture . I be sick at plant time . jesse how you feel now ? a fleeting glance at jesse : ed miller why ? jesse you nre act queer . ed miller you and I , we have not be just real good friend lately . it 's not you fault , you understand . you hear talk though . jesse talk ? ed miller people tell you thing . jesse give I a example . ' ed miller : Jim cummin come by . oh and Jim say - you know that boy get catch for the Blue cut deal ? - Jim say he get word - do not ask I where - that you be plan to kill they . jesse why would I do that ? miller shoot a glance at jesse 's gun hand and then reestablish he gaze on the yard . ed miller it 's just talk probably . jesse to shut ‘em up ? 44 ed miller just talk . . jesse cummin say anything else ? ed miller nope . that be it basically . jesse it do not explain why you be scared . miller look at he with watery eye and spit on he mouth , light glint off the oil on he skin . ed miller I be in the same position , you see ? I be petrify when I see you ride up ! jesse I just happen by , Ed . ed miller suppose you hear gossip though . suppose you hear Jim cummin come by here . you might have think we be plan to capture you or Frank and get that reward . be not true , but you might have suspect it . jesse get up and jiggle a pants leg over he boot . jesse have not hear a lick of gossip lately . jesse look out at the road and at the sky which be pink with sunset . the road he look down seem never-end . jesse I be glad I happen by . ed miller ( off - screen ) I too . jesse I want to put you mind at rest . ed miller ( off - screen ) I have get six hundred dollar stashed away ; I do not need any governor 's reward . jesse it 's the principle of the thing too . miller pull himself to he foot and sweep he hand over a plate to shoo away fly . 45 jesse how about if we go for a ride ? I could buy you something to eat in town and then be on my way . ext . ed miller 's cabin - night miller saddle he mare as jesse sit on a geld with the night fall all around he . ext . road , saline county - night they head westerly , the horse ease into a graceful lope and then into a walk . jesse you ever count the star ? miller look overhead at the pinprick of light . jesse I can not ever get the same number ; they keep change on I . ed miller I do not even know what a star be exactly . jesse you body know ; it 's you mind that forget . miller can not get himself to say anything . jesse pretend a problem with he cinch , slow he horse . jesse you go on ahead , partner . I will catch up . miller slump in he saddle , tear form in he eye . jesse gentle he gun from the leather holster and then jog he horse ahead . miller stop on the road but can not persuade himself to drop a hand to he pistol or even to turn around . jesse oround he ) you ought to get better at lie . jesse trip the hammer and a cartridge ball pound into miller 's cheek , snap he head to the side and propel he body off the mare so that he wallop onto the road . jesse get off he horse and tug at ed miller ' S leg , towing the body towards a cluster of elm tree . ext . paddock - day ed miller' mare browsing riderless in a paddock : 46 narrator ( V /0 ) the sit room conversation be all about Blue cut that week : the Kansas City newspaper carry front - page article about the arrest of jobn bugler , John land , and creed chapman in shack near Glendale . creed chapman would lose forty - two pound while imprison and John land be rumor to be so apprehensive about reprisal by jesse James that he refuse to even mention the man 's name . int . dick 's bedroom , kansas CITY - night . dick do not know what wake he . he look from he sleep wife ( mattie ) to the light spilling through the bedroom doorway . he seem transfix by it . a sound begin to build . hair stand up on the back of bis neck . he retrieve he navy colt from under he pillow and slide quietly out of bed . int . dick kitchen , kansas CITY - night . dick enter and almost scream : jesse jame sit like a apparition at he kitchen table . jesse you want to go for a ride ? ext . road , outside kansas CITY - dawn . they head they horse through the cold . dick be suspicious and unnerve . dick be we go to you place ? jesse put he finger inside he cheek and flick out the last of he tobacco chew . jesse you see Ed Miller lately ? dick nobody have . jesse must have go off to California . dick look at he with perplexity . jesse I get word about you and Wood . you ought to patch thing up . dick I no still like to know where we be go . 47 jesse if you be go to see Jim cummin , would not you follow this road ? dick I guess so . jesse goddamn it , Dick ; use you head . ext . bill ford 's farm ( establishing ) - day jesse and dick approach the farmhouse . int . bill ford 's farmhouse - day a 12 - year-old boy ( albert ford ) stand at the sit room window and watch the two man climb down from they saddle . ext . porch , bill ford' farmhouse ~ day . the boy creak open the door and come outside : albert hello . but he 's ignore as jesse reconnoiter the yard and then gravely ascend the step . dick can see past the nervous albert to the kitchen where two women stir clothes in a laundry boiler . jesse peer into the other room . albert be you friend of my pa 's ? jesse we be friend of Jim cummin . albert oh. albert gain thirty year - become sullen . ' albert well , it so happen he 's be go since August and never say where he go to . dick I be Matt Collins . dick shake the boy 's hand . albert very happy to meet you . jesse clenches the boy 's hand and introduce himself . jesse Dick turpin . 48 albert please to make you acquaintance . jesse smile around the cigar but stall the shake and crush albert 's hand until the boy wince . albert be about to cry out when jesse clamp he hand over the boy 's mouth and yank he into the yard . dick softly shut the mahogany door . ext . yard , bill ford ‘s farm - day jesse manhandle the boy toward a red barn stop to slam albert into a cottonwood tree so that he lose he wind . dick shamble after they , look apprehensive and ashamed , check the road . int . barn , bill ford 's farm - day jesse throw the boy to the ground and step a boot onto he throat . dick come on , jesse ! he 's just a kid . jesse glower at dick for let he name slip , then return he attention to the choke boy . jesse he know where he uncle Jim be and that 's gonna make he old pretty soon . albert brawl and kick at jesse . dick maybe he do not know . jesse he know . jesse fall to he knee on the boy 's biceps . albert cry out . jesse clamp the boy 's mouth shut . jesse you need to ask and ask sometimes . sometimes a child will not remember much at first and then it ' 1l all come back . just tell I about you uncle Jim be . where have he sneak off to ; where 's he hidin’ out ? he twist the boy 's ear like a clock wind - up and albert 's body rack wildly , he boot thud the earth . jesse lean over to examine the injury . jesse my gosh , I believe it 's about to tear , sweetie . just a little more to get she start , then I can rip you ear off like a page from a book . dick let the kid go . 49 jesse he 's lie . dick Jesus ; he can not even talk ! jesse where 's Jim ? ( beat ) where 's Jim ? where 's Jim ? where 's Jim ? dick ( slapping jesse be hat off he head ) quit it ! jesse sit back and rub he hand on he thigh . albert weep but can not make word . he wipe he nose and eye and shudder with sob as he gasp for air . when at last he speak he voice be scale like a child 's : albert you bastard ! I do not know where he be and you will not believe I and you never even give I a chance . you keep my mouth shut ! I never know where Jim be or when he come so leave I alone , get off I , you son of a bitch ! ( grunt and buck under jesse and shout : } get off ! jesse rise and albert roll over cry . dick walk out in disgust . ext . yard , bill ford be farm - day dick walk around the barn to the road , he face splotched crimson with fury . he climb onto he mount . when jesse come forward , dick look away ; squint down the road in order to talk . dick I '' wear out jesse . I cant - my mind 's all tangle anyway . Little deal like that just make I feel dirty . dick turn to gauge jesse 's reaction to this and be astonished to see he cave forward into he bay horse , he face flatten into its mane in a grimace of affliction , noiselessly cry . dick you all right , jesse ? jesse nuzzle into the horse 's hide and mutter word we can not make out . albert limp toward the Ford house , cupping he leave ear and wiping he nose with he sleeve . 30 dick maybe you better ride on to wherever it be you be live now , and maybe I will sell this animal and skeedaddle on over to Mrs. bolton 's and , you know , apologize to the ford ; put everything in it 's best light and so on . jesse scrub at he eye . he fumble he leave boot at the stirrup until at last it find purchase and he swing up . jesse I must be go crazy . and he ride off without another word . fade out ext . harbison farm - morning . wood hite approach through the arctic wind . his moustache be jewele with ice . snow have make board of he trousers and sleeve . he see elias ford ( bob & charley 's elder brother ) in the distance ; throw up he arm in greeting and point he toward the stable . int . barn , harbison farm ~ morning . wood walk he horse inside a stall and throw a moth eat blanket over it . ext . yard , harbison farm - morning . wood walk to the kitchen with wilbur , who 's teeter with a milkcan . ( wilbur be another ford brother , in between bob and charley ) wood how come it 's always you who do the chore ? wilbur charley and Bob pay extree to martha so 's they do not have to . wood still do not seem fair . wilbur well . wilbur open the storm door for the man and bang the milk can inside . wilbur I no take a rag to my nose if I be you ; it 's unsightly . int . kitchen , harbison homestead - morning . 31 martha knead bread dough on a flour board . ida stir a kettle , yawn . wilbur straddle a chair and martha turn to see wood thawing he right ear over the coal lamp 's glass chimey . martha look what the cat drag in . he rotate he ear to thaw the leave ear . martha you come from kentucky ? wood squint at she : wood you mean the news never get this far ? wilbur Wood and Dick have a shoot scrape a month or two ago . int . 2 " floor bedroom , harbison homestead — morning . bob be awake upstairs . the North window be raise and the room be so cold spirit leave he with each exhalation . the sound of breakfast be prepare below : martha ( off - screen ) cover the kettle , ida . then he hear he sister say : martha ( off -screen ) what on earth do you and Dick get into a fraca about ? and he bolt out of bed . he scoot he hand under dick 's pillow and shake he : bob Dick ! liddil automatically reach for the colt revolver but find it trap . he look at bob 's worried face . bob Wood hite 's downstairs . int . kitchen , harbison homestead - morning . martha I - da ! do not stick you thumb in the cream when you skim it ! goodness sake ! wilbur Dick tell I a complete other version of that affray . 52 wood you mean he 's here ? wilbur come in late last night . wood be chair screech on the floor as he stand up . wilbur simmer down . int . 2 " floor bedroom , harbison homestead - morning . dick cock he navy colt and point it at the close door . bob extract a load revolver from charley 's holster . martha ( off - screen ) do not you boy get into a fraca up there . I have almost get breakfast cook . they listen as wood make a racket on the stair . wood slam the bedroom door with he boot so that it bashes the wall and charley jolt up . dick fire a shot , miss wood and smash a hole in the doorjamb . wood fire at dick strewing pillow feather , and fire a second time as dick roll off the mattress . a terrify bob cower next to he bed and click back the hammer of he revolver . wood fire a shot through dick 's thigh ; swatting the floorboard and bed sheet with blood . dick triggers a shot that snag wood 's right arm . charley get out of bed and dive for the windowsill , squirming under the sash . wood shoot at charley but miss . ext . 's roof , harbison homestead - morning charley slip on the eave and slide off the roof and whump into a snowbank twelve foot below . int . 2 '' floor bedroom , harbison homestead - morning . dick , in agony , raise he navy colt again but the hammer snap against a empty chamber . wood then switch he pistol to he leave hand , step forward , and take slow and careful aim at dick . it be then that bob ford shoot ROBERT woodson hite : the round go in just next to he eyebrow and make a small button of red carnage that shut wood be motor off . wood collapse to he knee , he brown eye 33 jelly and reason vanish , and then he fall to the leave with a concussion that jostle the room . dick look at bob with consternation . bob walk around to wood with sickness in he stomach , a apricot in he throat . dick be he dead ? bob be deafen by the gunfire : bob what ? dick be he dead ? wood be chest swell and relax . blood pool wide as a birdbath under he skull . bob he 's still suck air , but I think he 's a goner . int . 2 " floor corridoor , harbison homestead - morning . bob step shakily out into the corridor and look down at martha and elias at the bottom of the stair . bob ( hold it together ) maybe you oughta come up and wish he well on he journey . blood creep away from wood and drool into board crack . bob stare at it as the stair creak . bob ( little boy lose ) he 's lose all he stuff . ' int . 2 floor bedroom , harbison homestead - morning . martha bump past bob , remove she apron , and carefully wad it under the exit wound . elias squat next to she . elias you be a good fellow , Wood . you talk kindly and you take care of you horse and you always pull you own weight . martha I hope the pain be not frightful , Wood . I would fetch something for you to drink but I be afraid it have just make you choke . ( beat ) 54 Little ida ' 's go to miss you . so be the rest of the family . dick collar he thigh with he hand . dick hitch my leg up onto the bed so that it will not dispense so easy . he grit he tooth when elias grip he ankle and sag back with a moan when elias lift it onto the mattress . bob step into the room and stand over wood . bob just in case you never notice . it be I who shot you . I do not harbor any ill feeling toward you , I be just scared and look out for my own well - be . a finger tick on wood 's leave hand and bob jump back a inch before recover he composure . bob you nve do a gallant job of die so far and have nothing whatsoever to be ashamed about . int . kitchen , harbison homestead - afternoon . charlie sit with he foot propped up on a chair , he sprain ankle as round as a melon . charley one thing 's settle : can not take he into Richmond . wilbur how come ? charley one : the sheriff will put Bob in jail . and two : jesse will find out he cousin Wood 's be shot in we house and that will be the end for each and every one of we . ida come inside from the root cellar with vegetable jar . she turn to she weep mother . ida do uncle Bob like okra , momma ? martha can not you see he stand there ? why do not you find out for yourself ? bob loiter with the shell of the bullet , sniff the burn gunpowder in it . 55 bob she 's afraid of I , martha . ( beat ) you all be . int . 2 " floor bedroom , harbison homestead - dusk . wood be corpse , now naked , be laid out on bob 's twin bed . dick 's lip move as he read a yellow book . bob enter . dick do not raise he eye . dick he be not disappear if that 's what you be hope . bob what chapter be you on ? dick she 's see some young swell and get herself all agitate . bob how 's you leg ? dick full of torment , Bob . thanks for ask . bob set he tin plate down and lower himself onto dick 's bed . he examine the excavation in wood be skull . bob I ought to feel sorry but I do not . I be just glad it 's Wood who 's dead and not I . dick close the book on he index finger . he look at bob . dick you and I , we will have to sit down and talk a few thing over . circumstance have change . ( nod to wood ) he 'il cut we throat , if he find out . you do not know jesse like I do . he all kill we in we sleep . bob sigh ; the gravity of he situation sink in on he . then elias be stand in the doorway with a moth eat blanket . elias ready ? int . harbison homestead - dusk . elias and bob tow the body down the stair . int . kitchen , harbison homestead - dusk . charley and wilbur solemly rise from they chair as wood be carry out . ida cover she face with she palm and martha turn to the stove . 56 ext . harbison farm - dusk . snow fall around bob and elias as they struggle with they cumbersome load . ext . ravine , harbison farm - dusk . wood be naked body be roll into a snow fill ravine . the brother begin kick clod of earth down onto the body . elias ( over ) bless be the poor in spirit : for theirs be the kingdom of heaven . bless be they that mourn : for they shall be comfort . ext , slope above ravine , harbison farm — later . elias stand with hat at he chest , petition bob with he eye . bob meek . elias bless be the meek .. elias pause and beseech he brother again . bob for they shall inherit the earth . fade out int , harbison homestead - dusk . bob sit , spook , in the live room . the clock clunk . a candle blow out . bob turn to lock eye with a apparition at the windowglass : its jesse recede back into the darkness . and then suddenly jesse be fill up the kitchen , as large and as loud as a beer wagon : rowdily swatting shoulder and biceps , receive the other ford brother be handshake . bob scuttle up the stair . int . 2 floor bedroom , harbison homestead - dusk . dick be already hopping one - leggedly toward the closet . bob why no he come by , Dick ? do he know about Wood , do you think ? dick I can not figure it , Bob . I only know that he do not miss very much . 57 bob what should I say about you if he ask ? dick just tell he I be in K.C. with mattie . Dick swaddle himself in yank - down petticoat and crinoline as bob close the closet door . int . kitchen , harbison homestead - soon after . bob shy into the kitchen . jesse why , it 's the kid ! bob how 's everything ? jesse ignore question and take off he hat and coat . no one talk as jesse move - it 's as if he act be miracle of invention wondrous to behold . jesse I never take off my gunbelt . wilbur good think . jesse walk back to he coffee and charley hitches aside . jesse hurt you leg ? charley I slip off the roof and smack down into a snowbank like a ton of stupidness . one second I be scream , ' whoa , nelly ! 's and the next second , poof ! I be neck deep in snow . jesse the roof ? whatever possess you to climb the roof in December ? : charley lose he smile and see the criticism in bob 's expression . charley ( stammer ) there be a kite - what be I say ? there be a cat . a cat be on the roof and I go after he . a tom cat . yowling and whatall ; and I slip . charlie rub he eye and cough into he fist . jesse I think maybe you clubfoot be gain on ya . 58 wilbur and charley guffaw as if this be funny . martha carry a bowl of ham hock to the table . bob Dick be here for a little bit and then he go on to Kansas City to be with he wife . jesse give bob a look and then pretend he have n xot hear . he begin to tickle ida 's side and stomach , say ' kootchy kootch 's until the girl be sore with giggle , and the fun be over . martha oh , quit it , you two . charley cast about anxiously for something to say . charley here 's a cute story , jess . Bobby be - what -— eleven or twelve ? and you be by far he most admire personage . he could not get enough . he practically eat that newspaper storey up . it be jesse this , jesse that , “* from sunrise to sunset . jesse fascinating . charley no ; there 's more . this be cute . we be at Supper and Bob ask , ' you know what size boot jesse wear ? 's bob jesse do not care about this , charley . charley shush now , Bob . let I tell it . Bob say , he say ' you know what size boot jesse wear ? six and a half , 's he say , ' ai not that a little boot for a man five foot eight inch tall ? 's well , I decide to josh hima little , you know , so I say , ' he do not have toe , ' be why .' . bob really stupid . charley then my momma pipe up and say , ' he what ? 's and I be not let on . I say , ' he be dangle he foot off a culvert and a catfish nibble he toe off . ' well , Bob tax himself try to picture it until momma let on that I be play he the fool . and Bob say ~ I want to get this right . what be it exactly you say , Bob ? 59 bob ( reluctant ) I say , ' if they have be catfish he would a drill they with he forty - four . 's charley laugh and clap he hand . charley yep , that 's the exact word , exactly ! jesse look at bob without comment . bob it would be a good joke if it be funny . charley you have get to picture it though . Bob say you would nve shot they catfish , then smile in every direction , real satisfied with himself . oh ! and you know what he say next ? he say , ' you need you toe . 's wilbur - ~ how would I miss this ? where be I ? charley you need you toe . jesse ' course you do . charley be not that a cute story ? jesse suppress he opinion . he regards bob in a way that imply the sight be disappoint . he skewer a cigar with the tine of he fork . jesse give I some other conversation , Bob . bob ( reluctant ) ' you know how child be . : jesse it no be cheery to hear what you fancie about I . it might make I laugh and forget my care and woe . bob I can not recall much of any consequence . charley I get one . this one 's about as crackerjack as the one about you toe . bob which ? 60 charley about how much you and jesse have in common . jesse why do not you tell it , Bob ; if you remember . bob well , if you will pardon my say so , it be interesting , the many way you and I overlap and whatnot . you begin with we daddy . you daddy be a pastor of the New hope Baptist Church ; my daddy be pastor of a church at excelsior Springs . you be the youngest of the three James boy ; I be the youngest of the five Ford boy . you have twin as son , I have twin as sister . between charley and I , be another brother , wilbur here ( with six letter in he name ) ; between Frank and you be a brother , Robert , also with six letter . Robert , of course , be my Christian name . you have blue eye ; I have blue eye . you be five foot eight inch tall . I be five foot eight inch tall . oh.me , I must have have a list as long as you nightshirt when I be twelve , but I have lose some curiosity over the year . jesse be as still as a photograph . smoke spiral from he cigar in a line and then squiggle above he like sloppy handwrite ; but he eye be active , cagey , calculate . he come carefully to life and tap ash into he coffee cup . jesse do I ever mention that scalawag George shepherd to y’all ? he reach over and grip bob 's forearm in apology while say : jesse ( cont ’d ) George be one of quantrill 's lieutenant and he give I a story like Bob 's , be why I think of he , give I everything we have in common and so on , just so he could join the gang . how could I know he have a grudge against I and be lie to get on my good side ? I say ' come aboard , George . glad to have ya , 's George think he be pretty smart . ' cept he be not . he ride into camp one morning and about twenty gun open up on he . but he only have one eye - and you need two eye to get jesse . bob and wilbur laugh for a suitable period of time , and jesse laugh until tear come out of he eye . bob you ought not think of I like you do George shepherd . 61 jesse you just bring he to mind . bob it 's not very flatter . martha waitress around they collect cup and saucer . jesse good eat , martha . martha glad you like it . bob how come George have a grudge against you ? jesse hmm ? bob you say George shepherd have a grudge against you and I have just be wonder what it be ? jesse oh. George ask I to protect this nephew of he during the war and it so happen the kid have five thousand dollar on he . the kid wind up kill , and all the money swipe from he , and when George be in prison someone whisper to he it be jesse James slit the boy 's throat . charley just mean gossip , be it ? jesse Bob 's the expert ; put it to he . bob rise from the table like a stamp boy in a snit . jesse I have make he cranky . wilbur snicker . bob I have be through this before , be all . once people get around to make fun of I , they just do not ever let up . martha someone 's speak awful fresh over there ! bob be force to walk past jesse to get to the main room . jesse kick a leg across bob 's path , clouting the floorboard with he boot . bob glance down at he bogus grin - the suggestion of malice beneath he antic . 62 jesse I do not want you to skip off to you room and pout without know why I drop by for this visit . bob I suppose you be go to tell we how sorry you be that you have to slap my cousin Albert around . such great heat seem to come then from jesse's eye that bob glance away as if from sunlight , but in a second the man cool and say : : jesse I come to ask one of you two ford to ride with I on a journey or two . I guess we have agree it ought to be charley ; you have be act sort of testy . bob stand pale and silent . then he step around jesse 's boot and calmly climb the stair to the upper room . int . 2 floor bedroom , harbison homestead - night . bob enter and carefully shut the door . dick shove open the closet door with he toe and look out at rob . dick I would say that be really stupid . ext . samuel' farm , kearney ( establishing ) - night . jesse and charley approach on horseback . ext . porch , SAMUEL 's farmhouse , kearney - night . zerelda samuel ( jesse 's mother ) be in the doorway wait for they . zerelda you be charley Ford . charley yes mar ’am you have see I once or twice with johnny . zerelda I get a letter from George hite . have not see hide nor hair of he . jesse squint at charley . jesse and you say you have not see Wood ? charley can not imagine where he could be . int . kitchen , SAMUEL 's farmhouse , kearney - night . 63 charley be wake by jesse : jesse you finish with you sleep ? charley sit up from he bedroll : charley I could use one or two more hour if it 's no trouble . I can not operate on less than five . I run into wall and fence post . jesse I have be hold a discussion with myself over if I ought to tell you this or no . my good side win out and , well , I have like to make a clean breast of thing . charley my mind be cobwebby yet , be the only drawback . jesse cross close . jesse can you hear I when I whisper this low ? just barely . jesse you know I go to kentucky ? charley yes . jesse I come back through saline County and think to myself , ' why not stop by and see Ed Miller ? 's so I do and thing be not to my satisfaction at all . Ed 's get himself work up over something and I can tell he 's lie like a rug and I say to myself , ' enough 's enough ! 's and I say to Ed , ' come on , Ed ; let 's go for a ride . 's do you understand what I be say ? charley go for a ride be like give he what - for . jesse exactly . Ed and jesse , they argue on the road and when push come to shove , jesse shot and kill he . charley jesse do . 64 jesse you have get it . charley you . jesse pat charley 's knee . jesse so you see ? you cousin get off easy . I be only play with Albert . charley I nve make he squeal once or twice myself . I be just not as thorough as you be . jesse you want to swap a tale with I now ? charley ( sudden fright ) I do not get you meaning . jesse if you have get something to confess in exchange , it seem to I it have only be right for you to spit it out now . ( beat ) about Wood hite , for example . charley I have be say over and over again I can not figure out where he 's go . I be not go to change my story just to have something to spit . jesse why be you brother so agitate ? charley which ? jesse bob. charley it 's just he way . he 's antsy . jesse retreat . sit in a chair . jesse you can go back to sleep now . charley you get I agitate now : you see ? jesse just be not no peace with jesse around . you ought to pity my poor wife . 65 charley Ed Miller be a good friend of mine . he introduce I to you at that one poker game . I be a little angry with you , if you want the God 's honest truth . jesse cross he ankle and shut he eye . he push he hand deep into he pocket . jesse you ought to pity I too . fade out ext . commercial district , kansas CITY - day . bob walk through a street of mud and slush and manure . he cut between two surrey and enter the Times Building . int . henry craig be office , time build - day . bob stand in a room that 's full of bookcase housing Kansas and Missouri statute . the door creak and he turn to see a stern man in he late forty : henry craig my assistant mention something about you and the James gang . bob yes sir . I want to bring they to justice . henry craig the James gang . bob do not react to he skepticism . Craig take a seat behind he desk and sigh . henry craig how do you know the James brother ? bob do I say that I do ? henry craig do you spy on they ? bob you 'il excuse I for say so , but be not what matter the fact that I can round this culprit up ? henry craig I get tell that once a week , and they be still uncaught . you can see how I have be skeptical . bob lower into a mahogany chair and admire the sculpture armrest . 66 bob just lately ? henry craig just lately what ? bob anybody come to you just lately say he could bring in one or two of the James gang ? henry craig you nve get to give I something . I do not even know you name . bob it 's Bob . henry craig just Bob ? : bob right now , yes ; for the time be . henry craig do you know where jesse 's live ? bob he be in Kansas City . henry craig ( incredulous ) you nre pull my leg . bob over on woodland Avenue ; and then troost . he 's move again though . craig inscribe something in the journal and bob walk over to study the entry . bob do the name Bob Ford mean anything to you ? craig dip he quill pen in the ink bottle : henry craig be that you actual name or you alias ? bob actual . bob watch he name record in craig 's elegant calligraphy . bob pretty soon all America will know who Bob Ford be . ext . wood surrounding harbison homestead - dawn . 67 a armed posse crunch through the snow on foot , approach the harbison farm . int . 2 '' floor bedroom , harbison homestead - dawn . through the window , bob see 12 armed men come out of the wood , as round over as hedgehog . he swat at the sleep dick liddil 's foot . bob Dick ! Dick incline on he elbow and slant over just enough to see the men wading through a knee - deep snowdrift . he bolt from the bed to he clothes . dick who be it ? bob i_saw a tin star on someone 's pocket ; that 's all the information I need . dick God damn that mattie anyhow . a big voice be hear come from the yard : sheriff timberlake ( off - screen ) jesse ! dick how do I find the attic ? sheriff timberlake ( off - screen cont ’d ) we know you be in there ! come outside with you hand up ! ext . harbison homestead - dawn . sheriff timberlake have he mouth brackete with he mitten . he 's surround by craig and the deputy . sheriff timberlake you boy be cornere ! if you know what 's good for you , you 'il come out peaceably and no one will get shot up ! the kitchen door be push open and the men all crouch down . bob call out : bob ( off -screen ) do not shoot ! sheriff timberlake come on out and show yourself ! bob step out with a smirk . 68 bob if this be not a surprise ! sheriff timberlake that 's how we intend it . int . 2 '' floor bedroom , harbison homestead - soon after . the posse be gather in the room . bob and martha watch as timberlake wham the ceiling cover and point he revolver into the crawl space . sheriff timberlake you there ! give yourself up ! dick climb down . he be handcuff . henry craig Andrew James liddil , this be a warrant for you arrest for the murder of William westfall and participation in the Winston train robbery on the 15 '' of July , 1881 . fade out ext . kansas CITY - day . bob pilot a sleigh pull by two horse , he approach the St. James Hotel . int . ST . jame HOTEL - day bob stroll the purple carpet of the lobby . it 's a world of luxury so far unseen in the film . a world which bob seem out of place in , but to which he crave entry . he tug off a mitten with he tooth and regards a sign announce ' the Craig rifles Ball . 's int . henry craig 's suite , ST . jame HOTEL - day henry craig be in a wood and tin bathtub that 's ap narrow as a coffin . he hear a knock at the door . 1 henry craig . come in . bob sidle inside like a cat . henry craig do not expect you to make it . bob seat himself in a chair and slide he bowler hat beneath it . bob I could not pass up meeting the Governor . I and he have get some important matter to take up . craig give he a intolerant glance and then nod towards a whisky bottle : 69 henry craig how about some roockus juice ? bob ( shake he head ) do not take more than a sip to make I want to bite off my own nose . craig sloshes messily out of the tub and refill he glass . henry craig well , this be my day ! here 's to the Craig rifles and to the great man who lead they so magnificently . bob can I climb into that bathwater ? I think I catch a chill on my way here . henry craig go ahead . bob strip and sink into the tub with a groan . henry craig there 's something real seldom about you , Bob . int . dine room , henry craig 's suite , ST . jame HOTEL - day bob come out just as two waiter trolly in a meal cart . he be shocked to see dick liddil sit at the dining table with henry craig and the Kansas City policemen . dick laugh at bob 's discomfort . dick well , well , well . be not you just full of surprise . . bob they be go to love a pretty boy like you in the penitentiary . you will not never be lonely again . ' dick oh , they do not give a damn about I . it 's Frank and jesse they want . bob sit down to carrot and rare steak . bob cut into he meat and consider the other man 's plate : bob be you cow still move ? dick - just singe it a little do they ? bob I have see critter worse off than this get well . 70 henry craig you be not go to be complain all evening , be you ? bob I ? I be happy , Henry ! it 's the Craig rifles Ball ! it 's you night . henry craig do not give the Governor you smart aleck talk . int , grand ballroom , ST . jame HOTEL - night govenor crittenden speak to a large crowd of gentlemen in tail and lady in satin gowns crittenden I deem it a great privilege on this glorious occasion to recognize publicly the intelligent and efficient assistance that Captain Henry Craig have thus far provide the State of Missouri and myself in we joint quest to extirpate the James band from Jackson County . the task Henry Craig have assume require fearless courage , extraordinary vigilance , and a unerr selection of instrumentality . bob linger against a pillar on the fringe . bob ( mutter to himself ) you be not so great . a woman nearby glare at the comment . crittenden my wife have just signal that I should leave well enough alone , so I nil leave you all with the wish for a enjoyable evening and with the hope that I may have the pleasure of meeting each of you before this celebration be end . - later : int . corridor , ST . jame HOTEL — soon after the policemen shove bob against a mahogany pillar . craig be with they . henry craig you be more trouble than you be worth . 71 bob '' I be just go to say hello . we henry craig that be not why you be here . get upstairs now and see if you can not keep you identity secret . int . henry craig 's suite , ST . jame HOTEL - soon after bob enter , look dishevel . dick , guard by two kansas CITY policemen , look over the top of he paper and smile . dick how be the party ? int . crittenden 's suite , ST . jame HOTEL - night crittenden receive they in a red silk robe and direct they towards wingback chair : crittenden my wife 's asleep in the next room , so let 's speak as quietly as we can . crittenden settles himself into a settee and he eye glitter as he regards the two stranger : crittenden you be Dick little . dick — liddil . crittenden I beg you pardon ? dick I spell it with two @as . henry craig he 's give we a confession but so far the newspaper have not catch onto it . you have guarantee he a conditional pardon and amnesty for he robbery . crittenden you be Robert Ford ? bob grin , but can not think of anything to say . crittenden how old be you , Bob ? bob twenty . 72 crittenden do you surrender to sheriff timberlake as well ? henry craig it be he brother charley who be in the James gang . we could not find anything on Bob . he 's act in the capacity of a private detective . crittenden I see . crittenden pour tea . crittenden jesse James send I a telegram last month , say he be go to kill I if he have to wreck a train to do it . he say that once I be in he hand he be go to cut my heart out and eat in strip like it be bacon . ( beat ) I '' go to wreck he train first . bob emit a scoffing laugh . crittenden glare at he . bob I be sorry , you excellency . I be think of something else . crittenden jesse James be nothing more than a public outlaw who 's make he reputation by steal whatever he could and by kill whoever get in he way . you all hear some fool say he 's get back at Republicans and Union man for wrong he family suffer during the war , but he victim have scarcely ever be select with reference to they political view . the governor's wife moan in the other room . crittenden temper he voice . . crittenden I be say he sin will soon find he out . I be say he cup of iniquity be full . I be say jesse James be a desperate case and May require a desperate remedy . dick look to bob to respond - but see that the boy be overpower by the situation , so he respond for he : dick you have get the right man for the job . fade out ext . country side , somewhere in nebraska - day 73 foul weather . jesse ( 0 /s ) you ever consider suicide ? charley and jesse appear through the grey air : charley can not say that I have . there be always something else I want to do . or my predicament change or I see my hardship from a different slant ; you know all what can happen . it never seem respectable . jesse trot he mount forward : jesse I 'il tell you one thing that 's certain ; you will not fight die once you have peek over to the other side ; you will no more want to go back to you body than you have want to spoon up you own puke . jesse vanish again ; leave charley 's motor to work in the silence : charley ( call after he ) since we be look to rob bank , I be wonder if I could go so far as to recommend we add another feller to the gang and sort of see if we could not come out of we next job alive . jesse , in he cloud , seem transfix by he saddle stirrup . charley ( off - screen ) Bob want to know could he ride with we next time we take on a savings bank or a railroad . charley continue hopefully : 1 charley Bob be not much more than a boy to most appearance , but there 's about two ton of sand in he and he will stand with he shooter when that 's what 's call for . and he 's smart too - he 's about as intricate as they come . jesse materialize , suddenly vivid against the snow : jesse you nre forget that I have already meet the kid . charley he surely think highly of you . 74 jesse all America think highly of I . . charley still . it 's not like you nve get two million name you can snatch out of a sock whenever you need a third man . I mean , who else be there that be not already in jail ? jesse sigh : jesse you be go to try and wear I down on this , be not you . charley ( smile ) that be my main intention . the two man disappear again into the grey air . narrator ( v/o ) a note be mail to Bob Ford with the news that jesse and charley would come to Ray County within the next few week . Henry Craig enjoin he to return to Richmond and await the arrival of the two . int . elias 's grocery store , richmond - day bob be busy with customer . sheriff timberlake enter , prowl the store once , and then slip into the storeroom . int . storeroom , elias 's grocery store , richmond - day timberlake smoke . bob enter . bob have not see any sign of he . sheriff timberlake do you know where he 's live ? ! bob no. timberlake sigh . sheriff timberlake I can not guess how he do it , but he 's always knowledgeable about what 's go on . he will know you have be with I . you ought to take that for grant . and he will kill you if he get the chance . bob scratch at he neck and look away . sheriff timberlake you willing to risk that ? 75 bob yes I be . bob fasten he eye on timberlake and all the ingratiation be go from he face ; only long and misery remain : bob I have be a nobody all my life . I be the baby ; I be the one they make the promise to that they never keep . and ever since I can recall it , jesse James have be as big as a tree . I be prepare for this , Jim . and I be go to accomplish it . I know I will not get but this one opportunity and you can bet you life I be not go to spoil it . timberlake stand and grind .out he cigarette , sheriff timberlake capture he if you can when he first come to meet you . if you can not do it , wait for you chance . do not allow yourself to be find alone with he . and do not let he get behind you . timberlake exit through the load door . bob remain stand there . int . elias 's grocery store , richmond ~ another day bob stand on a wooden stool , stack ketchup bottle , in he clerk 's apron . the afternoon sun blaze behind jesse like a halo : jesse you have be choose . bob swivel and nearly slip . the color have leach from he face . bob what do you mean ? jesse you brother say that you want to join we . but maybe you like this grocery store more than you say you do . bob look for a clue from charley but he brother be fix in the store 's entrance , smoking a cigarette . bob counterfeit bravado : bob I all walk out of this crackerbox without so much as a fare - thee -well . this piddly work be beneath I . he take off he apron by way of illustration . jesse smile . 76 jesse so you miss I ? bob I have be cry myself to sleep every night . bob place a note on the counter that read , ' go fishing 's . jesse ring open the cash register and find himself impressed : jesse good morning . ext . elias 's grocery store , richmond - day bob come outside with carrot for the horse . charley be already in the saddle : charley do not let he see we so much as wink at each other . he 's suspicious as a dange coyote , and he do not trust you one iota . bob I guess that make we even . charley he 's already put way Ed Miller . Said so like it be something piddly he would do . the talk cease when jesse come out . jesse correct the crease in he black fedora and slip he boot into the stirrup . he climb into the saddle and hook he horse around : ext . road to ST . joseph - night . they ride through a cold rain . in the distance they spot a church and head towards it . int . lutheran church - night jesse throw he greatcoat on a pew and light a altar candle that he carry into the sanctuary . bob kick he bedroll flat on the floor and say to charley : bob if we be ever alone for more than a minute , I would like a chance to speak to you further . later : bob wake and sit up . his brother be asleep . jesse be curl over the Bible like a monk . bob wander over to he and sidle into the pew . 77 jesse go to the good book when you be sore distress and you soul will be comfort . bob study jesse . beat . bob you ever give you past life any think ? jesse I do not get you meaning . bob do you every give any think to the man you have kill ? jesse shut the book and rub a thumb across the two gold word on the black cover . rainfall be the only noise . jesse I have be forgiven for all that . bob you might nve have a good reason for kill they . I do not know . I be just say it must nve be like a nightmare for they , and maybe it be for you too , right now . jesse I have already be forgiven . he blow out the candle . ext . cemetery , lutheran church - day charley sit on a gravestone engrave with the word ' gone to greatness . ' bob amble up to he with he palm cupping he elbow . bob they give I ten day . charley for what ? bob arrest he . you and I ? bob it 's go to happen one way or another . it 's go to happen , charley ; and it might as well be we who get rich on it . charley nobody 's go to get jesse if he 's still live enough to go for he gun . he can kill ya with every hand . 78 bob I 'il go alone then . charley look at he disparagingly . charley and besides that he 's we friend . bob he murder Ed Miller . he 's go to murder liddil and cummin if the chance ever come . seem to I jesse 's riding from man to man , say goodbye to the gang . you friendship could put you under the pansy . charley look away . charley I will grind it fine in my mind , Bob . I can not go any further than that , right now . bob you will come around . charley you think it 's all make up do not you . you think everything be just yarn and newspaper storey . it 's bob 's turn to look away . bob he 's just a human be . int . lutheran church - day they enter the church and discover a furious jesse . jesse from now on you two will not go anywhere without I ! from now on you will ask for permission ; you all ask to be excuse ! ext . lafayette ST , ST joseph - day they approach the rollercoaster of confusion Hill . bob look up the steep ascent to a high skull of land upon which rest the white cottage . charley jesse finally come up with a place to match he prominence . jesse I could mow down a thousand scalawags with no more than a thousand cartridge . I 'l ] never be surprised by anything again . 79 ext . yard , house on the hill - day jesse climb off he saddle and accept he son in he arm . int . kitchen , house on the hill - day bob and jesse enter . zee jame back from the stove , see bob , and wince . zee you never mention Bob would be here . bob maybe he be save it as a pleasant surprise . mary be submerge in the woman 's skirt , glower at bob . zee comb the girl 's hair . zee you have get two cousin for company now . int . sitting room , house on the hill - night jesse , on the sofa , wed he finger ovér he stomach and close he eye . jesse how it will be be we will leave here next Monday afternoon and ride down to platte City . bob how far be that from Kansas City ? something in bob be enquiry make jesse resistant and he answer around the question : jesse platte City 's thirty mile south . you and I and charley will sleep in the wood overnight and strike the Wells Bank sometime before the court recess . bob ( a little too insistent ) what time will that be exactly ? jesse you do not need to know that . bob scrawl on the floorboard with he finger and jesse arise to a sit . 80 jesse you know I feel comfortable with you brother . Hell , he 's ugly as sin and he smell like a skunk and he 's so ignorant he could not drive nail in the snow , but he 's sort of easy to be around . I can not say the same for you , Bob . bob I be sorry to hear you say that . jesse be silent a moment . jesse you_know how it be when you be with you girlfriend and the moon be out and you know she want to be kiss even though she never say so ? bob yeah . jesse you be give I sign that grieve my soul and make I wonder if you mind 's be change about I . bob what do you want I to do ? swear my good faith on the bible ? charley enter with the firewood to see jesse glower at bob with great heat in he eye . charley you two have a spat ? jesse I be get ready to be angry . jesse smile and reach out to coddle bob 's neck . bob sit over here closer , kid . bob vacillate a little , then scooches over , smirk at he brother with shyness . jesse massage bob ' S neck and shoulder , communicate that all be forgiven . jesse you will stay with the animal , charley , and the kid and I will walk into the bank just before noon . Bob will move the cashier over away from the shotgun under the counter and he will tell the man to open the vault . they 's 11 finagle about time lock and so on and I will creep up behind that cashier and cock he chin back like so .. 81 jesse snap bob 's skull back and slashes a skin knife against he throat . bob be incapacitate by panic . jesse be terrifying : jesse I will say , ' how come a off -scour of creation like you be still suck air when so many of mine be in coffin ? 's bob ' S eye loll to the blade . jesse I will say , ' how would you reach you twentieth birthday without leak out all over you clothes ? 's and if I do not like he attitude , I will slit that phildoodle so deep he all flop on the floor like a fish , then jesse retract the blade and shove bob rudely forward . then he temper abruptly alter and he slap both knee gleefully , laugh at bob : jesse I could hear you gear grind rrr , rrr , rrr , and you little motor wonder , ' my gosh , what 's next , what 's happen to I ? 's you be precious to behold , Bob . you be white as spit in a cotton field . bob examine he neck with he hand . bob you want to know how that feel ? unpleasant . I honestly can not recommend it . jesse and charley look striken ! charley I be ! jesse ' this be plumb unexpected !' old charley be think , ' this be do ruint my day ! 's jesse laugh and laugh , and when at last the two laugh with he , jesse adopt a scolding look and slam out of the room . int . child 's room , house on the hill - night jesse sleep on the twin bed . bob on he bedroll . narrator ( v/o ) jesse sleep with Bob in the child 's room that night and Bob remain awake . he could see that there be a gun on the nightstand , he could imagine it 's cold nickel inside he grip , it 's two pound weight reach out and aim , but he could not even maneuver toward it , it be like a name he could not remember . 82 tt be if some spell have render he meek , infirm , confound . he could contrive many way of snaring jesse ; he could invent a thousand death ; but Bob fear it would always come to this , he would see a chance and then he have speculate on it 's consequence , he would ponder each option and particular and soon the opportunity would pass away . int . kitchen , house on the hill - day bob , with bait breath , watch through the doorway : jesse stand naked in a laundry boiler wring a washcloth over he skull . he 's wrack by a cough fit . he seem old , prematurely decrepit , the scar on he body stand out red as slaughter . bob 's hand move to the granddaddy colt that 's strapped to he thigh . but that 's all , he can not bring himself to unsnug the weapon . after a long beat , jesse say : jesse go away . bob it never cross you mind that I be here and it 's be nigh on three minute at least . jesse you sure of that ? maybe I be fool you . maybe we be play cat and mouse . bob I have never see you without you gun neither . jesse tow a towel off a chair and reveal , almost incidentally , a twelve inch remington revolver on the seat . bob be not no one could sneak up on jesse James , be the way it use to be . jesse and now you think you know otherwise , maybe that 's just what I want . bob I be just make fun be all , you understand . I would not dream of mock you or cause you any ill feeling . jesse I can not figure it out : do you want to be like I , or do you want to be I ? narrator ( v/o ) so it go : 83 jesse montage jesse around the house , image score to the narrator 's voice like music : narrator ( v/o ) jesse be increasingly cavalier , merry , moody , fey , unpredictable . he be sick with rheum and aches and lung congestion , he tilt against chair and counter and wall , in cold weather he limped with a cane . his clever mind be often in conflict , insomnia stain he eye socket like soot . he counteract the smell of neglect tooth with licorice and candy , he brown he gray hair with dye , he camouflage he depression and derangement with masquerade of extreme cordiality , courtesy , and goodwill toward other : int . dine room , house on the hill - day zee set down a soup tureen and jesse wink at bob : jesse be this fit to eat or will it just do ? as zee retreat into the kitchen jesse inch the soup bowl under charley 's elbow and say to bob : jesse that woman 's cooking have always be a scandal . cut she meat and the whole table move . jesse laugh as charley stain he sleeve . int . sitting room , house on the hill - another day jesse hook charley 's spur together while he snore in the sit room and then scream the man off the couch , so that charley farcically sprawl . narrator ( V /0 ) but even as he jested , ext . porch , house on the hill - day jesse horse with tim : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) or tickle he boy in the rib , jesse would look over at Bob with melancholy eye , as if the two be meshed in a intimate communication that have little to do with anyone else . on bob work at keep he expression neutral . 84 narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) Bob be certain that the man have unriddle he , have see through he reason for come along , that jesse could forecast each of Bob 's possible move and inclination and be only act the innocent in order to lull Bob into stupid tranquility and miscalculation . int . sitting room , house on the hill - night jesse sleep with bob in the sit room , a revolver , clutch in he leave hand . bob listen to each insuck of air so he can tell when jesse be go off . then , he cautiously roll to a sit and place he foot on the board . the revolver be cocked with three click . bob I need to go to the. privy . jesse you think you do but you do not . bob obediently return to bed . int . dine room , house on the hill - day . zee be clean up . bob be so skittish , he leg jitter as he sit in he chair . he get up and rake he finger through he hair , describe a circle in the room and reseat himself again . he bite he fingernail . again he leg begin to jitter . zee why be you so antsy ? bob it 's just this cuss boredom . this sit around inside the livelong day , get into you hair , make jailhouse dog of ourselves . zee he 's go for month . we sometimes change house five time in a year . it 's gruesome be hunt , Bob . he can stay in he nightshirt all day if he want ; I be just grateful he 's around . bob you can see it 's damage he mind some . ext . STREET , downtown ST . joseph - day bob with a shopping list in hand . narrator ( V /0 ) Zee take pity on Bob and send he to town on a errand . int . american telegraph office - day 85 wide on bob , look isolate and anxious : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) he stand at a desk in the american telegraph office and scribble out twenty message that he might send to Governor crittenden or Police commissioner Craig . bob confront another blank page : narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) . he could be a glib and even grandiloquent speaker , but write be agony for he : the right word seem to disappear whenever he grasp a pencil , plus he be hamper by the grim recognition that he really have nothing to say . for jesse be canny , he be intuitive , he anticipate everything . int . SALOON ( flashback ) - night jesse , charley and bob drink . bob observe jesse 's constant check of the world around he : narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) he continually look over he shoulder , he look into the background with mirror , he could pick out a whisper on the wind , he could probably read the falter perfidy in Bob 's face . ext . STREET , commercial district , ST . joseph ( flashback ) - day {action as per voice - over ) narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) he once numbered the spade on a play card that skitter across the street a city block away ; ext , porch , house on the hill ( flashback ) - day ( action as per voice - over ) narrator ( v/o cont 's D ) - he lick he daughter 's cut finger and there be not even a scar the next day ; ext . yard , house on the hill ( flashback ) - day ( action as per voice - over ) narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) - he wrestle with he son and the two ford at once one afternoon and rarely even tilt ~ it be like grapple with a tree . rainfall ; as see through a window ( flashback ) - day 86 narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) when jesse predict rain , it rain ; a plant grow - timelapse ( flashback ) - day narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) when he encourage plant , they grow ; on jesse , smile : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) whomever he wish to stir , he astonished . int . american telegraph office - day on the screw up ball of paper : narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) some of Bob 's telegram be apology , some be clarification , still more be prognostication of when the criminal would be ' remove 's until finally Bob settle on a code note to sheriff timberlake , provide he with clue about they live situation in St. Joseph and the contemplate robbery in platte City on the 4 " . bob watch the telegraph operator at work . narrator ( v/o cont 's D ) it take five minute to code and transmit the note and two hour for timberlake to receive it but thereafter the sheriff react with great speed , ext . livery stable , kansas CITY - day timberlake move down a line of armed men , count soundlessly : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) arrange a company of fifty deputy who would ride they horse into two freight car and surround the platte City Bank while the James gang be inside . int . kansas CITY roundhouse - day timberlake stand with railway official watch a great engine belch smoke . narrator ( v/o cont 's D ) timberlake even go so far as to order a hannibal and St. Joseph locomotive 's engine ignite and keep fully steam in the Kansas City roundhouse so that it could race to platte City or st . Joseph without delay . ext . kansas CITY roundhouse ~ day 87 timberlake nod he thanks , shake hand with a official narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) have satisfied himself that the appropriate step have be take , int . restaurant , kansas CITY - day timberlake and craig raise they glass : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) the sheriff dine with conmissioner Craig on the night of the 30 " and they toast a victory that they seem only day away from achieve . fade up : int . child 's room , house on the hill - day Sunshine be diagonal in the room and curtain flirt in the air . bob be not sure what wake he . he pivot in the child 's bed and see jesse in a spindle chair . bob how long have you be study I ? jesse you be gonna break a lot of heart . bob roll to a sit position . bob how do you mean ? jesse reveal a black box from behind he back and reach it over to bob . jesse it 's a present . bob heft it . ' bob heavy . jesse you go to look inside ? bob cram a coin into the interstice and twist until the lid release . bob it 's April fool Day , you know . jesse it be not a joke . Inside the box , nestle in red velvet , be a pearl - handle .44 caliber revolver . bob beam at jesse . bob such extravagance ! jesse do not that nickel shine though ! bob it 's more than I could hope for ! 88 bob click the chamber around , cock and release the hammer , cock the hammer again and aim the revol the trigger . jesse I figure that granddaddy colt of yours might blow into fragment the next time you squeeze the trigger . bob you might have something there . zee_( off-screen ) Dave ? you ready for supper ? jesse pretty soon , sweetheart . bob I might be too excited to eat . jesse smile broadly and rise from the spindle chair . jesse you know what John Newman Edwards once write about I ? he say I do not trust two man in ten thousand and be even cautious around they . the government 's sort of run I rag , you see . I '' go the long way around the barn to say I have be feel cornere and just plain ornery of late and I no be pleased if you would accept the gun as my way of apologize . bob Heaven know I would ornerier if I be in you position . ‘ver at a red ball on the floor . squeeze 89 jesse no . I have not be act correctly . I can not hardly recognize myself sometimes when I be grease . I go on journey out of my body and look at my red hand and my mean face and I wonder about that man who 's go so wrong : why all that kill and evil behavior ? I have be become a problem to myself . I figure if I can get you right I 'il be just that much closer to I . bob look at the man in bewilderment and can not find the word for a answer , so he say : bob I need to wash my hand if supper 's on . the gun 's make they feel sort of public . jesse go ahead . int . kitchen , house on the hill - pay ext . laffayette ST - day jesse , zee , charley , tim and mary , see from a distance , walk down confusion Hill . narrator ( V /0 ) April second be Palm Sunday and Mr. and mrs . Thomas Howard , they two child , and they cousin Charles Johnson stroll to the second presbyterian Church to attend the ten o'clock service . ' int . house on the hill - pay ( action as per voice - over . ) narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) Bob remain at the cottage and slyly migrate from room to room . int . master bedroom , house on the hill — day ( action as per voice - over . ) 90 narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) he walk into the master bedroom and inventory the clothes on the hanger and hook . he sipped from the water glass on the vanity . he smell the talcum and lilac on jesse 's pillowcase . he recline on the mattress and roll to he leave as jesse must have roll to marry with he wife in the evening . his finger skitter over he rib to construe the scar where jesse be twice shot . he manufacture a middle finger that be miss the top two knuckle . he imagine himself at thirty - four . he imagine himself in a coffin . he consider possibility and everything wonderful that could come true . int . child 's room , house on the hill - night wall in he sit room bed , a charley be scrunch close to the just barely perceive that he older pillow mute he mouth . bob can brother be cry . will bob what 's the matter ? charley scare . bob snuggle closer to charley and put a arm around he . bob he be not go to kill we . charley yes he be . bob look over he shoulder to check the room and then murmur in charley 's ear : bob I will stay awake so he can not . ' charley roll to he back and gaze at the ceiling and then look to he kid brother . charley this be the ninth day , right ? and Craig give you ten ? so maybe we will get surround up here or maybe we will go to the bank and when we run out it will be fifty gun shoot every whichway at jesse and who give a goddamn if the nobody ford get kill in the bargain ? bob you be imagine thing . and respirate himself with great charley cover he eye with he arm , the room again and then he say : calming breath of air . quiet come to 91 charley be not go to be no platte City . that 's jesse fool with we . bob slip out of bed and into he clothes . charley what be you do ? bob go to sleep . bob move through the sit room , dining room , kitchen , and step off the wooden porch into the night . ext . yard , house on the hill - night he cover himself with a tattersall quilt from the clothesline and settles himself on a plain bench . a mangle spoon be in the dirt ; a straw doll be in a tin bucket . he hear the screen door creak and clap shut , and jesse lower onto the bench like someone who weigh six hundred pound . jesse so you and I be the nighthawk . bob make no reply . jesse Mrs. saltzman cut out a garden patch here . the turners say it be a marvel : rabbit wire , noontime shade , clematis on the bean pole , I have be lazy about my seedling . bob I do not like to garden ; I just like to eat . jesse clutches he trousers and crane he leg into alignment . jesse maybe I nil nail together a martin box . he rapidly pound he knee with he fist . jesse I have get pain in every inch of my body . my ear ring ; my eye be itchy . I be go to lose my gift of second sight . bob . do you see future thing like they be long go , or do you just get inkling about what 's to come ? jesse show no inclination to answer . jesse you know Frank and I look for my father 's grave over in marysville , California ? 92 bob you nve mention that , but not at any length . jesse I could picture the grave and the wooden cross but I could not get the geography right . they say it be cholera that kill he , they might as well have say the bubonic plague . you can always tell when it 's Satan 's work . bob how ? jesse trickery . empty promise . jesse scratch at he jawbeard . jesse you miss the Palm Sunday service . bob I use to go every week but that be because my daddy put a gun to my head . jesse shut he eye and recite : he cough jesse ' for it be not a enemy that reproach I ; then I could have borne it : neither be it he that hate I that do magnify himself against I ; then I would have hide myself from he . but it be thou , a man mine equal , my guide , and mine acquaintance . we take sweet council together , and walk unto the house of God in company . ( beat ) a good preacher will match that up with Matthew twenty - six . meanly and spit . jesse sometimes I get so forlorn and melancholy . do you ever get that way ? bob shrug . jesse do you know what it be you be most afraid of ? bob yes . jesse what ? 93 bob I be afraid of be forget . I be afraid t’1l end up live a life like everyone else 's and I be Bob Ford will not matter one way or the other . jesse it be not always up to you , Bob . it may not be in the card for ya . jesse look over to Kansas and lean on he kmee for a minute . jesse do you ever get surprised when you see yourself in a mirror ? do you ever find yourself say , ' why do they call he by my name ? 's it seem to bob that jesse expect no response . jesse you be wrap in a rag coat for you three score and ten and nobody get to see who 's inside it . bob it 's get chilly . jesse his voice be like a waterfall . bob whose voice ? jesse ii I could stand in it for a second or two , all my sin would be wash away . bob I honestly can not follow this conversation . jesse smile . jesse do you know who I be jealous of ? you . if I could change life with you right now , I would . bob '' I guess this must be a case of the grass always be greener . 94 jesse you can go away right now if you want . you can say , ' jesse , I '' sorry to disappoint you , but the good Lord do not put I here to rob the platte City Bank , 's you can go inside and get you gathering and begin a lifetime of grocery work . I be roped in already ; but you have still get the vote . that 's a gift I have give plenty for . bob grip the tattersall quilt around he neck . bob I do not know . I be not act accord to any plan . I be just get out of spot and press for my best advantage . jesse you can not always make thing happen , Bob . bob well , like I say , I be just take what come my way . jesse rise and crimp he finger on the metal clothesline , sagging on it a little , look at the ground . jesse you ford show you tooth like ape . the man 's gloom seem to bob to be turn dangerous . bob I be go to call it a night . jesse slump forward dismally , make the metal hook complain . jesse why do not you stay with I a little longer ? bob I be sort of sleepy , jess . jesse go ahead then . bob pause at the screen door and turn back to he , perplex : bob I appreciate you frankness with I . this have be illuminate . I be go to ponder all you say . jesse move off into darkness . jesse do not make anything out of it . I be only pass the time . 95 int . kitchen , house on the hill - morning zee angrily bang shut the oven door . zee oh , shoot ! bob tuck in he yellow shirt . bob be that you make all that smoke ? zee flip some burn biscuit from a blacken pan . zee this ornery stove ! bob move through the cloud of gray oven smoke to the back door . ext . yard , house on the hill - morning he step over puddle and pass mary play with a coffee grinder she 's ruin with sand . he arrive to the backyard cistern and the pump bray like a mule as he work the iron handle . Water splashes into a white enamel bowl . charley be slouched down in the yard , squatting like a ghost , in a cloud of cigarette smoke . bob Morning . but he brother ignore he . bob bring water to he face and imagine : insert : the gruesome fish he catch in September . bob flinch he eye open and see zee peer at he through the porch screen . zee how much do you want to eat ? bob I be feel sort of peculiar . bob move over to the fence where he see : jesse and tim climb the steep ascent of the sidewalk . the great man have he hand on the boy 's shoulder . jesse move the cigar in he mouth and squint through the smoke . jesse how come you be look so interested ? bob do you think it 's intelligent to go outside like that , so all creation can see you gun ? 96 jesse ignore he and rush he daughter , monster , catch mary as she run squealing to the screendoor and swinging the girl around so wildly that she right foot lose it 's shoe . int . sitting room , house on the hill - morning mary hug she father 's neck as he walk into the dining room . tim toss the papers carelessly onto the couch . bob see instantly the headline of the Kansas City Times : the arrest and confession of Dick liddil . bob look to the dining room : the family assemble around the table , charley slouching in . bob slip the Paper under a shawl and go into he room . int . child 's room , house on the hill - morning bob strap on the gun he have be give , tie the leather holster to he thigh with a string . zee ( off - screen ) Bob , everything be get cold ! int . dine room , house on the hill —- morning bob seat himself across from jesse . jesse regards he six - year- old son , who be stare blankly at the sunshine , woolgather , he oatmeal spoon in he mouth . jesse ( to charley ) what do you think go on in that noggin of he ? charley nothing . jesse ( laugh ) iwas refer to he mind , not yours . jesse stand from he chair and fetch the newspaper from the sofa . bob watch as he almost miss and then retrieve the Kansas City time from under the shawl . jesse sit again and stir a spoon in he cup . jesse hello now ! the surrender of Dick liddil . charley ( too urgent ) you do not say so ! jesse it 's very strange . 97 bob see the crease in he brow , the fret in he read eye , the nicotine stain on he finger move down the page . jesse it say here Dick surrender three week ago , he glance at bob with misgiving . jesse you must have be right there in the neighborhood . bob apparently they keep it secret . jesse slump back in he chair and glare at bob and charley . jesse it look sort of fishy to I . bob if I get to Kansas City soon , I be go to ask somebody about it . int . sitting room , house on the hill - morning bob get up and go into the sit room with he right hand on he gun and reacquaint himself with the rock chair . tim be hunkere down on the stoop outside , coerce the crank on the coffee grinder . mary squat beside he , push she pale dress down between she thigh , stabbing at the earth with a spoon , and repeat : mary do not . do not . do not . charley walk into the sit room . charley it 's go to be as hot as a pistol . he sit on the mattress and loop he holster off the bedpost , look significantly at bob as he put it on . jesse surprise they . jesse you two ready ? bob jump up from the rocker and it rear and row , ulub the floor , until he can still it with he hand . charley I will be by noon . jesse look out the window and see : his daughter 's shoe on the grass . 98 jesse it 's a awfully hot day . jesse remove he Prince Albert coat and six button black vest . charley shamble over to the screen door to scan Lafayette Street . jesse proclaim in a sentence that seem compose just for Bob : jesse I guess I will take off my pistol for fear the neighbor will spy they if I walk out into the yard . charley turn from the screen door with vexation on he face . bob 's thumb twitches as he lower he hand to he gun . jesse unbuckle he holster and lay they on the bed as if create a exhibit . jesse focus on the picture of skyrocket : jesse that picture 's awful dusty . he withdraw a furniture duster and climb a rush-bottom chair . bob slink from the wall and stand between jesse and he two revolver . he shake he finger like a gunfighter and instruct he brother with scared eye . charley step further into the room and the two ford slip out they gun . bob extend he .44 and cock it with three soft click . jesse swivel slightly , authentically surprised , reach for a gun that be not there . then bob ford ‘s .44 ignites and a red stamp seem to paste itself just behind the outlaw 's right ear . his face sock into the watercolor glass . gunpowder and gun noise fill the room . jesse drop from he knee and smack onto the floor like a great animal , shaking the house with he fall . zee rush into a room that be still blue with smoke and scream . bob slowly retreat and straddle the windowsill . zee what have you do ? bob look stricken , as though he want to apologize but can not . jesse look at the ceiling , he finger curl and uncurl , he mouth work at make word . 99 zee kneel and cradle he skull in she apron . zee jesse , jesse , jesse . her petticoat be quickly soak red with he blood . tim be at the door ; see everything . zee Bob , have you do this ? bob I swear to God that I do not . jesse sigh and grow heavy on she leg . his muscle slack ; the blood be as wide as a table . he make a syllable like ' God 's and then everything inside he stop . charley collect they hat and coat . charley the pistol go off accidentally . the two ford make they way to the door . ext lafayette STREET - morning the brother run down confusion Hill , they coat fly . ext . commercial district , ST . joseph - morning they cut through yard and down alley until they attain the american telegraph office . int . american telegraph office - morning a telegram be be transmit : I have kill jesse jame . bob ford ext . house on the hill ~ day rubberneckers , neighbor and child be collect in twos and three in the yard . bob and charley approach deputy jame finley . charley be cough from he exertion , bob catch he wind and ask : bob I be the man who kill the person in that house . he 's the notorious outlaw jesse James , or I be mistaken . finley look at bob like he 's play a stupid prank . bob be you marshal Craig ? 100 finley that 's he come up the hill . he point out CITY marshall enos craig climb towards they with the coroner dr . jame hedden and JOHN leonard of the St. Joseph gazette . bob run down to meet they . bob can I speak to you privately ? the city marshal linger . the coroner and reporter continue on to the cottage . int . sitting room , house on the hill - day hedden and leonard enter . they see the body on the carpet : the leave eyelid close , the right blue eye asleep . the mouth slightly ajar . hedden kneel to take the man 's pulse , and examine the excavation in he skull . dr . hedden do you know who it be , John ? the reporter be make note .. leonard have not the slight idea . a girl of sixteen come out of a side room . girl of sixteen his wife 's in here . int . master bedroom , house on the hill - day JOHN leonard enter . zee sit on the bed and cry into she hand . her calico dress be saturate with blood . a fat woman sit beside she with she arm around the widow 's shoulder . a girl of twelve be crouch with the child . JOHN leonard write in he notebook . ' : zee oh , please do not put this in the paper . leonard I be afraid that 's my job . dr . hedden enter . dr . hedden what 's you name , Madame ? 2ee Mrs. Howard . dr . hedden be that you husband ? 101 she nod . dr . hedden do you know who kill he ? zee we two cousin , the johnson . int . sitting room , house on the hill - day marshal craig enter with bob and charley . JOHN leonard be now lodge outside the master bedroom door - discretely recording zee 's conversation with hedden . the City marshal cross over to the reporter and whisper : marshal craig do you know who this boy say that man be ? leonard someone name Howard . marshal craig they claim its jesse James . leonard go on ! int . master bedroom , house on the hill - day marshal craig sit on the bed and take zee 's hand . marshal craig Mrs. Howard ? the boy who have kill you husband be here . they tell I you husband be jesse James . zee you do not mean they have come back ! she slump against he shoulder , weep . ' - marshal craig you know , it would be a lot more restful for you soul if you would speak the truth . the public would think mighty highly of you ; you child would not ever again want for anything . she rub she eye with she sleeve . zee T want to go see he . marshal craig how 's that ? zee I want to see my husband . 102 marshal craig dust lean you weight on I . the two walk into the sit room . int . sitting room , house on the hill - day bob shrink back when he see zee and charley move to the screen door . zee you coward ! you snake ! how could you kill you friend ? charley slouches outside and bob follow , clap the screen door shut . ext . yard , house on the hill - day a SMALL boy run down the street yell : SMALL boy it 's jesse James ! jesse James ! jesse James ! the crowd ogle they . leonard approach . leonard you mean that really be jesse James ? charley be not that what we have be say since we come ? bob have someone twist off that gold ring on he finger . you will find a script with the name jesse James inside . . leonard why have you kill he ? ' bop say : we want to rid the country of a bloodthirsty outlaw . charley ( smile ) you should mention the reward too . leonard you shot he for money ? charley only ten thousand dollar ! bob scowl at this . 103 i‘1l mention that you be young but gritty . charley we be all grit . you never expect to see jesse 's carcass in St. Joe , do you ? we think we would create a sensation by put he away . ext . house on the hill — later . the body be carry and place in a glass -side carriage . ext . confusion hill - day the carriage be follow down the hill by a procession of mourner include zee jame . ext . yard , house on the hill — day . snoops and onlooker swarm around the cottage , view whatever they can through the window . ext . barn - day people investigate the stable , appraise the horse . they steal whatever they can fit up they sleeve ; horseshoe , hammer , nail . ext . yard , house on the hill - day police move people back from the house . they nail the window sashes shut . in amongst all the bustle a onlooker move over to tim and smile at the boy as if they know each other . onlooker so you be jesse Edwards James . the boy be mystify . I onlooker do you know who jesse James be ? the boy shake he head . onlooker do you know what you father 's name be ? tim daddy . the onlooker laugh . int . seidenfaden undertaking — day 104 jesse be body be strapped to a board with rope . the board be tilt nearly vertical and a camera lens uncapped . a room full of correspondent wait for the exposure . ext . alex lozo photographic studio - day reporter follow the photographer as he carry the photographic dry - plate back to the studio . insert : jesse's requiem photograph developing . narrator ( v/o ) the result print sell for two dollar a piece insert : magazine cover come off a printing PRESS narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) and be the model for the lithograph cover on a number of magazine . ext . rail depot - day a sign be hang announce departure time to St. Joseph . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) railway company have by then rather gleefully schedule special coaches that would carry the inquisitive to the city at greatly reduce rate ; ext . lafayette ST - day crowd make the journey up confusion Hill . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) soon a thousand stranger be make spellbound pilgrimage to the cottage int . seidenfaden undertaking - day narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) or be venerate the iced remain in seidenfade 's cool room . zee jame sit catatonically in a chair , unmindful of the other visitor , merely stare at the slain man . move in on jesse . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) the man who offer thirty thousand dollar for the body of Charles guiteau send a telegram to City marshal eno Craig offer fifty thousand for the body of jesse woodson James so that he could go around the country with it , or at least sell it to P. T. barnum for he ' greatest show on Earth . 's 105 reporter montage : ext . ST joseph / various ~ day ( action as per voice - over : ) narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) Reporters roam the city , gather anecdote and apocrypha , garner interview with the principal . Studies show that real estate value in Missouri would increase by thirty - three percent with the removal of the outlaw , and one reporter note that a man who be sell he farm have already raise the price by five hundred dollar . int . jacob spencer' library - night ( action as per voice - over : ) narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) Jacob Spencer , the man who own the St. Joseph News , go to he library late that afternoon and begin seven night work on what would become the life and career of Frank and jesse James , int . bookstore , commercial district , ST . joseph - pay ( action as per voice - over : ) narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) a two hundred - page book that sell out as soon as it reach the store on April 12 " . five hundred thousand copy would have be need to meet the demand . int . house on the hill - night ( action as per voice - over : ) a narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) a man creep into the cottage that night and cut out a swatch of the bloodstain carpet . ext . chicago STREET - day ( action as per voice - over : ) narrator ( v/o cont 'd ) the next afternoon he be in Chicago sell square inch of the material for five dollar . ext . hannibal and ST . joseph railroad depot - day we 's 106 rain . zerelda samuel step off the train and be greet by a great throng await she on the platform . she move in they midst like a amazon queen - accept solace and sympathy and spray of wildflower . int . seidenfaden undertaking - day zerelda totter as she walk to the stone slab on which she third bear son sleep . voice ( off - screen ) can you identify this man as jesse woodson James ? zerelda yes , it 's my son ; would to God that it be not . she caress he cold cheek and cry : zerelda o , jesse ! jesse ! why have they take you from I ? 0 , the miserable traitor ! as the grief stricken mother be lead away , a photographer be lead in : narrator ( v/o ) another photograph be take of the renowned american bandit constrict in he small walnut coffin . insert : this new image of jesse , follow by the historical monument to which he 's compare : narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) ) and it be this shot that be most available in sundry store and apothecary , to be view in a stereoscope along with the sphinx , the Taj Mahal , the catacomb of Rome . ext . a funeral procession MAIN STREET , ST . joseph - day rain make slime of the street . yet more than 400 mourner slog after the express company wagon that carry the iron casket to the hannibal and St. Joseph depot . mrs . samuel , mrs . jame , and the two child follow in a cover hackney . sheriff timberlake , henry craig , and various deputy and correspondent come after they in carriage festoon with black crepe ribbon and bow . crowd line the sidewalk , under wet umbrella or with hair wash slick against they skull . a crackpot raise a purse pistol and fire at mrs . samuel . 107 henry craig and another man leap from they carriage and tackle the drunk into a alley . int . alley , ST . joseph - day here they beat he roundly and sprawl he into the gutter . ext . moving train - day thousand fence the railroad line , remove they hat as the train pass by . the coffin be lash to the rear platform . sheriff T : sit upon it , smoking a pipe . reverend martin ( over ) man that be bear of woman be of a few day , and full of trouble . he cometh forth like a flower , and be cut down : he fleeth as a shadow and continueth not . ext . samuel farm , kearney - day a vast number be gather in the yard . the open casket rest on chair under the shade of the coffee bean tree . reverend martin ( continued ) Lord make I to know mine end and the measure of my day ; that I may know how frail I be . behold thou hast make my day asa handbreadth ; and mine age be nothing before thee : verily every man - at he best state be altogether vanity . we get we last glimpse of jesse as the casket be cover and nail shut . on the lid be a silver plate with the name ' jesse James 's spell out in german gothic lettering . zee and zerelda be overmaster by grief and throw themselves on the casket , zerelda scream : . zerelda how can I stand it ? how can I stand it ? how can I stand it ? narrator ( v/0o ) Zerelda samuel insisted that the casket be reopen to make certain that she son 's arm and leg have not be sawn off and replace with limb of wax . sheriff timberlake go dutifully for a screwdriver . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) but reverend Martin soothed the woman with practice word about a calculus in heaven that adjust for we privation and compensate for we loss . ' 108 the casket be jarringly lower on rope as that gather sing ' we will wait till Jesus come 's fade out int . alex lozo' photographic studio - day bob sit for a studio portrait . he pose on a staircase with a gleam peacemaker artificially rest on he leave thigh . a crowd of reporter attend he . reporter how do you feel , Bob ? bob bully . reporter you nre right hand be not ya , Bob ? bob yep . reporter then why have you get the gun in you leave ? bob jesse be left-handed . insert : the resulting picture : bob look impossibly young , like a grocery clerk accidentally catch with a pistol in he hand . narrator ( v/0 ) he could still smell the gunpowder on he finger , could still feel the jolt of the gun go off . but that be all . he would see no phantom . listen to no incorporeal voice . be subject to no nightmare . he be ask if he be afraid of reprisal by Frank James but revenge be not a worry really ; it be if no person could harm he once jesse be underground . fade out : manhattan one year later ext . broadway theatre ( establishing ) - night int . broadway theatre - night 109 we be behind a actor silhouett by footlight : actor hello , here ! the surrender of Dick liddil ! Young man , I think you tell I you do not know that Dick have surrender . pan to reveal bob : he 's groom as a european Prince , and sport a glue - on mustache : bob you mean he do ? I do not know ! front angle : bob and charley be on a stage : the set behind they resemble the sit room of the cottage on confusion Hill . charley re-stick he moustache and continue he bad impersonation of jesse : well , it 's very strange . he surrender three week ago and you be right there in the neighborhood . it look fishy . narrator . ( v/o ) it be widely feel that Bob possess some act talent and charley not a jot : charley take off he revolver and fling they onto the bed - he voice yell for the balcony : charley in case you be wonder why I take my gun off , it 's because I might want to walk in the yard . narrator ( v/o ) charley be only expect not to slouch or mutter and to transport he sickness to the alley before let they go . charley 's fetch a feather duster and flag it towards a implausible painting of the death of julius caesar : charley that picture 's awful dusty ! bob rise surreptitiously from he chair . charley flick the duster . bob rest he hand on he gun and turn to the audience : bob up to that moment the think of kill he have never enter my mind , but as he stand there , unarm , it come to I suddenly , ' now or never be you chance . if you do not get he now , he will get you tonight . 's bob raise he gun . some in the audience stir with anticipation . ~ 110 bob let the hammer snap and a charge of gunpowder explode with a great noise on the stage . the audience gasp . charley reel on the chair , clap he palm to he chest and crash unauthentically to the floor . a girl play Mrs. James run onto stage from the right and permit herself a blood-curdling scream . the house light dim to darkness . then rise on a stage which contain only Robert Ford . he sling he gun and proclaim with gravity : bob that be how I kill jesse James . the curtain ring down to magnanimous applause . int . manhattan restaurant - night . bob , dress in fine clothes , eat in a elegant restaurant , fawn over by pretty teenaged dance girl . they be a rowdy group . ext . coney island - day girl approach bob and he date at the seashore . int . fancy HOTEL - day a group of people approach bob in a hotel lobby , want to shake he hand . over this image we hear the narrator : narrator ( v/0 ) by October of 1883 , Bob Ford could be identify correctly by more citizen than could the president of the United States . he be as renowned at twenty as jesse be after fourteen year of Grand larceny . in a age where the average wage be twelve cent a hour , Bob be make fifty dollar a performance , so he could easily think himself rich . int . charley 's HOTEL room , manhattan - night charley , look harry and hollow eye and lonely . surrounded by occult paraphernalia . narrator ( V /0 ) charley be increasingly superstitious , increasingly subject to the advice of gypsy who promise to cure he misery with green teas , pipe smoke , poultice , even jolt of electricity cranke into he wrist with a magnet generator . 111 int . elegant restaurant - night charley have join bob and one of he girlfriend for dinner . charley whisper into the girl 's ear : charley I know exactly who you be work for . you will not get you hook into I . the girlfriend be disturb . narrator ( v/0 ) he compare all female unfavorably to Mrs. Zee James , whom he speak of as certain priest might the madonna , int . charley 's HOTEL room - night charley write : narrator ( v/0 cont 'd ) and compose long , soul describe letter to she , begging she forgiveness , none of which he mail . int . broadway theatre - night detail of the performance : charley 's walk , he mouth , he hand gesture . narrator ( V /0 ) something begin to change in charley 's stage portrayal of jesse : he limp seem more practice , he high voice be spookily ~ similar to the man 's , he newly suggest dialogue be analogous to a script jesse might have originate . bob be performance be enhance too ; by very real alarm at he brother . narrator ( V /0 ) too many gunshot on the stage and too many resignation to Bob 's betrayal be separate the Ford Brothers as charley accept the obligation of personify jesse James . close on charley / jesse look antagonistically at bob . narrator ( V /0 ) he begin to look at he young brother with spite , as if he suspect that in some future performance he might present himself to a live cartridge in Robert Ford 's gun . a disturb and shake bob shoot charley / jesse yet again . int . bowery SALOON - night 112 bob be drunk , wrung out and dishevel . a singer tune he guitar and begin to play : singer jesse James be a man who kill many man / he rob the Glendale train / he steal from the rich and he give to the poor / he have a hand and a heart and a brain . the singer begin to stroll the room : come so near bob that bob have to pull back he leg to let he pass . singer ( cont ’d ) oh jesse have a wife to mourn for he life / three child , they be brave / but that dirty little coward that shot mister Howard have laid jesse James in he grave . bob work at register no change in expression . singer ( cont ’d ) it be Robert Ford , that dirty little coward / I wonder how do he feel ?/ for he eat of jesse 's bread / and he sleep in jesse 's bed / then he laid jesse James in he grave . finally bob can stand it no longer . he take out he gun and fire into the floor . the noise be deafen . everyone turn to bob_in the silence that follow . bob lurch slowly to he foot . bob ( sway drunk ) I be Robert Ford . he fling he pistol at the singer and tilt slightly from the alcohol . bob you gonna fight I , see who the coward be ? singer I be not gonna fight you , boy . you get on outta here . bob huh ? man at the rail sleep it off . someone slap Bob on the back , send he a step or two before he regains himself . bob any you wanna fight I ? huh ? who 's it gonna be ? 113 they look at he silently . watch as he slip on peanut shell , and end up on the floor , tear glint in he eye . he get to he foot and sway for a moment . saloonkeeper get on home now , son . go on ! get yourself outta my place . ext , bowery STREET - morning bob wake with a dog lick he face . int . boston theatre - night a voice come from the dark beyond the footlight : heckler ( unseen ) murderer ! cur ! bob stride towards the insult . heckler ( unseen ) coward ! bob shield he eye from the glare , search for he antagonist in the large audience : bob you want to investigate my courage ? do you ? the heckler stand in the crowd . heckler coward ! int . theatre lobby ~ later bob 's clothes be shred and he 's cover in blood from head to toe as he 's shackle by policemen . policeman you may be the Ford brother or the James Brothers but you cahnt drink blood in Boston . ext . buckingham theatre , louiville , kentucky - day a ' sell out 's sticker be plaster over the playbill for I shot vesse James . . int . buckingham theatre - night 114 bob stand silhouett on stage while a great crowd hiss and jeer and pelt he with garbage . when he uneasily raise he gun at charley / jesse they riot : surging over the footlight , swamp he and destroy the set . narrator ( v/0 ) by he own approximation , Bob assassinate jesse James over eight hundred time ; he suspect no one in history have ever so often or so publicly recapitulate a act of betrayal , and he imagine that no degree of grief or penitence could change the country 's ill regard for he . he think about commit suicide , but decide even that would be judge just one more act of cowardice . ext . train station , kansas CITY - pay bob step off the train . he be go on 22 . he 's dapper , glamorous , physically strong , comparatively rich , and psychologically injure . ext . train station , kansas CITY - day a man cross the street to spit on hin . narrator ( v/o ) he think , at he angriest , about visit the kin of jesse 's slaughter victim : Mrs. William westfall in plattsburg , the wymore family in clay County , perhaps even Mrs. Joseph heywood in northfield , Minnesota . he would go to they home and give he name as Robert Ford , ' the man who kill jesse James . ' he imagine they would be grateful to he . ext . SAMUEL 's farm — night bob sneak up on the samuel' homestead . narrator ( v/o cont ‘d ) but in actuality Bob make only one irregular journey and that one be to kearney , Missouri . bob stand before the nine foot monument under the coffee bean tree and run he finger over the inscription : in love remembrance jesse W. jame die April 3 , 1882 murdered by a traitor and coward whose name be not Worthy to appear here . hold on bob . 115 fade out int . charley 's room - day . charley ford enter the room and lay down on he bed . he take he revolver from it 's scabbard and shoot himself through the heart . narrator ( V /0 ) charley Ford become all that he countryman want a assassin of jesse James to be . ext . richmond - day a funeral : the surviving ford watch charley' coffin be lower into the ground . narrator ( V /0 ) except for Bob , the rest of the ford complete they lifetime peacefully and disappear from history . samuel' farm ( montage ) - day action as per voice - over : narrator ( V /0 ) Zerelda samiel remain on the kearney farm . her great source of income be the twenty - five cent tour of the grounds and room , during which she give gasconade about she slaughter son . she would cozen many of she guest , make they feel especially privileged , and at last agree to sell they a stone from the grave or , at much great expense , a wear shoe from one of the James boy 's steed . ( this we see he she buy from a blacksmith by the wheelbarrow load . the stone be shovele from clear Creek and spread on the grave . ) zerelda samuel ( glass plate photograph ) narrator ( v/0 ) she outlive three husband and four of the eight child she bore and she show no sign of sickness when she retire to a pullman sleeper in 1911 and there die of a stroke at the age of eighty - seven . int . HOTEL , kansas CITY - day zee jame work with a bucket and mop . narrator ( V /0 ) Zee return to Kansas City in 1882 and work there as a clean woman and seamstress in a manner that many construe as penitent . 116 int . zee 's room - day , zee , alone . narrator ( v/0 ) she retire from the public eye , shunning reporter , seek retreat . she feel crippled , forsaken , maroon . jesse be she vitality , she vigor , she crucial ingredient and she gratefully accept death in 1900 at the age of fifty - five . int . mary jame's home - day . mary jame , now a adult , at dinner with she family . narrator ( V /0 ) her daughter , Mary , marry a affluent farmer and give birth to three boy ona property across the road from she father 's birthplace . she call no particular attention to she heritage and many who know she when she pass away in 1935 be surprised by she maiden name . jesse edward jame ( photo montage ) actual still of jesse jnr at various time in he life and clip from the movie describe : narrator ( V /0 ) her brother take great advantage of the name jesse Edwards James . he play semi - professional baseball , run a cigar stand , and become a attorney - at - law in Kansas and Los Angeles . when jesse be twenty - four he write the memoir jesse James my Father ; in 1921 he finance and act in the movie under the Black flag , and some year later he be a highly pay technical adviser to paramount picture when they produce they counterfeit jesse James , star tyrone power . jesse Edwards James die in California in 1951 . ext . baltimore STREET - day narrator ( V /0 ) Alexander Franklin James be in Baltimore when he read about the assassination of jesse James . frank walk past a newspaper stand and see the headline jehova . 's ' its jesse , by 117 narrator ( V /0 ) he have spurn he young brother for be peculiar and temperamental , but once he perceive he have never see jesse again , Frank be wringht up , perplex , despondent . ext . central park , new york - day . frank , grief-strick and isolate . narrator ( v/0 ) the East seem a foreign country to he , and whichever city he visit seem a uninhabited island without jesse alive . int . governor's office , jefferson CITY - day a_crowd of reporter , offical and police have gather to witness frank ' S surrender : narrator ( V /0 ) Frank surrender he arm to governor crittenden on October 5 % , 1882 . frank ( to crittenden ) I want to hand over to you my gun which no man have be permit to touch since 1861 , and to say that I be you prisoner . photo montage : frank at party . crowd await he appearance at train station , etc . narrator ( v/0 ) the government accord privilege to prank James ; he be give party , gentile reception , magnificent present and accommodation , a opulent coach carry he to he trial in Jackson County ; to some it seem that the State of Missouri have surrender to Frank James rather than the other way round . int . courtroom - day . frank in the witness box . we cant hear what he 's say but he manner be cool and collect . 118 narrator ( v/0 ) he evince dignity , intelligence , rectitude and sobriety . he represent every quality that gentleman then be eager to possess . he could speak passable german and french ; he could recite one thousand line of Shakespeare ; he be not suspiciously attractive ; he have fight on the right side in the Civil war . ext . courthouse ~ day a jubilant crowd have gather . frank shake hand with member of the jury . narrator ( v/0 ) so it be that in spite of more than circumstantial evidence link Frank James to a great many crime , the man never serve a day in the penitentiary . franks job ( a photo montage ) narrator ( v/0 ) he act as a race starter , a shoe salesman , he accept ticket at the Standard theatre in St. Louis , refuse all invitation to see the saucy burlesque show inside . ext . civil war cemetary - day frank wander among the gravestone , attend by a reporter : narrator ( V /0 ) he be a survivor and it make he feel guilty . it seem to Frank that grace come upon he without merit , that he have be pardon without justification or purpose . frank squatted at a ill - keep grave . he straighten and rough the earth from he hand : ' frank ' then two shall be in the field ; the one shall be take , and the other leave . 's montage : samuel farm frank , near the end of he life . 119 narrator ( V /0 ) after he mother 's death he settle once again on the kearney farm . here he live out he day , walk from room to room with tourist , who now pay fifty cent to see the Bible that jesse read , and one of the gun he shot . Alexander Franklin James die on February 18 '' 1915 . fade out . creede , colorado 1892 ext . exchange club - day we be move behind a man pull ice in a child 's red wagon . he come upon a young woman ( dorothy evan ) in a long green gown of dainty frill and ruffle . dorothy I be expect someone old and ugly . bob creede have a supply of they : just who in particular ? dorothy you be Bob Ford ? front angle on bob ford , now thirty year old . bob and proud of it too . int . exchange club - day against all odd , bob have prosper ; he Exchange Club be a palace . dorothy evan give bob she story : dorothy I be bring up in a orphanage run by the sister of mercy . my only skirt be a flour sack until I marry a mining engineer in Denver . he die of pneumonia , though , and desperation have push I into the life of a courtesan . bob you mean a prostitute . you do not have to sugar thing with I . dorothy I be not ashamed of it ; I just like the word . bob I have get some call for it , if you be willing . 120 dorothy could be . she pull a gold case from she purse and bob light she cigarette , bob you know who I be ? she nod eagerly , like a girl slightly in love with she teacher . dorothy Bob Ford . bob the man who shot jesse James . dorothy I have see you picture . bob so you be lie . dorothy Excuse I ? bob you say you be expect someone old and ugly , when you know just what I look like . dorothy ( sweet smile ) I be make conversation . bob how much of that be true , about the orphanage and the sister of mercy and the mining engineer ? dorothy hardly any . bob be find she very engage : ' bob do you have a give name or do you just generally make something up ? dorothy dorothy . bob you can sing though , can not you ? int . exchange club - night dorothy sing ' only a Bird in a gild cage 's for a pack house 121 narrator ( v/0 ) it be only with dorothy Evans that Bob speak revealingly or plainly , and it be with she that he speak of thing he do not know he know . ext . street , creede - day bob and dorothy stroll the snowy street of creede . bob be extraordinary in he dress ; a dandy in he gentleman 's clothes and cane . shopkeeper and citizen greet he , defer to he . he be like a king in this town . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) he tell she that he have no real memory of the shoot and its aftermath : he could remember lift the gun that jesse have give he and then it be good Friday and he be read about the funeral proceedings as if they would happen a long time ago . ext . frozen lake - day bob and dorothy be among a crowd of ice - skater , enjoy the Sunday afternoon : narrator | ( v/o cont 'd ) he explain that he would keep the newspaper clipping from April 1882 and repeatedly pour over they , each time feel aped , cruelly malign by the Robert Ford that the correspondent choose to put into print . on bob , happy . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) he be ashamed of he persiflage , he boast , he pretension of courage and ruthlessness ; he be sorry about he cold - bloodedness , he dispassion , he i : ility to express what he now believe be the case : int . exchange club - night dorothy bring he a beer . narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) that he truly regret kill jesse , that he miss the man as much as anybody and wish he murder have not be necessary . dorothy be it ? bob look at she without comment . 122 dorothy how I mean it be : why be it you kill he ? bob he be go to kill I . dorothy so you be scared and that 's the only reason ? he sip from he beer . bob and the reward money . dorothy do you want I to change the subject ? he look at she in a calculate way . bob do you know what I expect ? applause . I be only twenty year old then . I could not see how it would look to people . I have be surprised by what 's happen . int . exchange club - night edward o kelly come in and take a seat at the crowded bar . he seem to argue with himself before shrugging off he wool coat . he seem wild , insane , and fifty year old , though he 's only thirty - five . o kelly unsnug he gun and jostle through the gambling hall crowd to close on bob . he pull up he pistol . female bystander he 's go to kill you ! but bob only smile and pretend he 's jesse as he approach kelly with arm outstretch : bob hey ! you oughta let bygone be bygone ! his congenial grin slow o kelly just enough to allow bob to slap he cheek and clasp he pistol . he jolt o kelly awry and slam he knee into the man 's mouth . o kelly collapse with a split upper lip and then bob slam he skull with the pistol . bob get out ! get out and do not you ever set foot in my place again . '' kelly 3 wuss 2 will 123 bob stamp the floor and o kelly shy , cring under he lift arm . bob laugh and rejoin the corner table of gambler . they clap he back with approval . dorothy cross to he , and he say to she : bob it just go on and on . angle on : soapy smith , a confidence man , sit with he bodyguard , watch o kelly get back into he coat , and exite into the snow storm . ext . STREET outside exchange club - night soapy smith catch up to kelly under a arc lamp . blood be drip off the man 's chin and he spit out chip of tooth like gravel . o kelly second time I have try to get that son of a bitch . soapy wing a arm around the man 's neck . soapy smith why do not we see if we can not get you stitched up . int . bob & dorothy 's apartment - day bob sit in a green leather chair while soapy smith prowl he apartment with a cigar and brandy snifter , appraise object in the room . soapy smith so , you know who I be ? bob I have hear storey ; not that I put much stock in what that goddam newspaper say . soapy smith you could not , could you . 1 bob meaning what ? soapy ignore that , he attention on the paperweight he 's hold . bob just . what be it you have in mind with this meeting ? outside of make a inventory of all my worldly goods . soapy resettle in a chair and swishes brandy from cheek to cheek . soapy smith do you know what you shoulda do about jesse ? 124 bob no ; why do not you tell I . soapy smith ( smile ) I will then . one night you oughta go out and sorta lag behind old jess on you horse . you get you gun out and yell he name and once he spin around , bang ! you coulda say you two have a argument and shot it out and you come out the victor . I guess you never think of it though . bob I be not big enough . soapy smith you sure do the wrong thing , kill the man with he wife and kid close by , and he gun off and , well , you know what you do . you oughta say you be sorry . bob I figure if I be sorry or not , that 's my own business . soapy smith do not matter ! you ought to apologize and give | ‘em what they want ! a man look at Bob Ford now and you know what he see ? he see pride and greed and no regret . bob I be not begging for forgiveness . I be go to get people to respect I for my accomplishment , just like jesse do . soapy scratch he beard . soapy smith do you know Joe simmon ? bob I have say pleased - to-meetcha . soapy smith Joe and I have be talk about you and creede and how thing be and we think maybe we would begin a saloon and gambling hall like yours . we figure maybe we all get rich by push de booze over de board . bob do you think there 's much call for another saloon ? they say there 's one for every five man as it be ? soapy smith I be go to get in and make the other get out . bob just out of curiosity : how be you go to do that ? soapy smith my gang , Bob ! I be go to be the government ! I be go to run thing around here ! y’all come over to my way of think or , bingo , out you go ! bob I forget how to get scared ten year ago . soapy smith I figure that too . soapy get up : soapy smith you and I , we be exactly alike . if the time come for kill Robert Ford , I guess you will know what I 'il do . bob like I say : itve already be as scared as I will ever be . soapy exit and bob go over to the window that look over the street . he see soapy laugh with he bodyguard as he slog through the snow . he see shopkeeper greeting the man and give way on the sidewalk . he slump against the wall . ext . bob & dorothy 's apartment - day a slaughter cat be nail to he door , along with a note that read , ' get out of town . 's int . exchange club - night ( action as per voice - over : ) narrator ( v/o ) even as he circulate he saloon he know that the smile disappear when he pass by . int . exchange club - day ( action as per voice - over : ) 126 narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) he receive so many menace letter in the mail that he could read they without any reaction except curiosity . int . bob & dorothy 's apartment - day { action as per voice - over : ) narrator ( v/o cont ’d ) he keep to he apartment all day , flipping over play card , look at he destiny in every King and Jack . int . exchange club - night Fire grow like ivy over the wooden wall . wallpaper peel up from the floor . glassware explode . ext . exchange club - night a conflagration . dissolve to : ext . the omaha club - night a grand open . Music . reveler spilling out onto the street . narrator ( v/o ) Bob call he fifth saloon the omaha Club and the grand open be such a success that . nellie Russell seek Mr. Ford out , say that she have accept any job with he , even one as a prostitute : ext . rio grande avenue ~ night bob and miss nellie russell stand at the top of Rio Grande Avenue . bob see the light of cooking fire in the foothills . he hear the happy uproar of the omaha club . nellie russell I could nve recognize you anywhere . you nre just like you photograph . bob I be not just like the boy in that photograph , though . I have age . nellie russell I think you be so dare and romantic . I think you be the most glamorous man alive . 127 ~~ bob I get along fine with girl of ten , it 's when they grow to be eleven or twelve that I 'ma — goner . she giggle , and then she thought must anguish she , for she grow quiet and grip she shawl around she . silence . nellie russell I guess a angel must be fly over we . bob make no comment . nellie russell the mountain be so steep everywhere ! it 's like you be inside a envelope ! bob you be go to ask I what jesse be like . nellie russell how would you know ? bob they always do . bob take miss russell 's elbow and they begin the descend walk back to the omaha club . bob '' jesse James be bigger than you can imagine , ~ and he be hungry all the time . he eat all the food in the dining room and he eat all the plate and the glass and the light off the candle and the air out of you lung and the thought right out of you mind . you would go to he , want to be with he , want to be like he , and you would always come away miss something . bob look at the girl with anger , and of course she be look peculiarly at he . bob so now you know why I shot he . miss russell sight the ground as they walk , and when she speak again there be grief in she voice : nellie russell my father would read to we about it from the '' newspaper he buy . he say we be live through a great moment in history . he think you would do the world a big favor . 128 bob on you right be the leadville headquarters . over there be the smithy 's shop . you can not see they from here but I have get four green tent behind the club and man go in and out all night . nellie russell you be make I sad . he can see by the light in she eye that the girl be cry . bob you ought to go back . she shake she head . bob do not work for I . nellie russell no ? bob you have get you dignity yet ; I would not give it away for money . int . edward o kelly 's cabin - night a rapping at the door . edward o'kelly rise from he bed and let ina figure in a orange beaver coat . o kelly sit and scratch himself : soapy you and wash soap ought to meet once or twice . o kelly you wake I . soapy you hear that music ? soapy light a cigar . there 's the distant sound of a piano . soapy it 's the omaha Club . Bob Ford 's have he grand open tonight . o kelly spit . o kelly I 'il give he a grand open one of this day . soapy scratch he head . 129 soapy I come to tell ya regard that . he 's get on one of he periodicals and he 's puffed himself up to say he 's go to kill Ed Kelly on sight . o kelly why , that son of a bitch ! soapy and Bob 's one of the most plausible talker I ever see . o kelly I expect he 'il ask I to turn my back first . soapy suck on he cigar and look at it as he blow smoke . soapy you oughta do something . o kelly I nil go down there now and give he a straighten . soapy I have give it till around afternoon if I be you . ext . rio grande avenue - day the body of miss nellie russell be bring into town on a wagon pull by railroad crewmen . the wagon pass by dorothy evan . int . bob & dorothy 's apartment - day bob be dress in he gentleman 's clothes , affixing he cravat with a opal stick pin . dorothy enter . dorothy you know that girl you be talk to about a job ? she go and kill herself . bob ( sigh ) oh , God . he sit on the end of the bed and gaze at nothing for some time . dorothy you be right not to give she a job , Bob . bob get up and walk out of the room without say anything . we stay on dorothy . 130 narrator ( v/o ) dorothy Evans would be marry in 1900 toa Mr. James feeney of durango , Colorado . she would adopt two daughter , and , accord to gossip , she would mistreat they . her legal marriage would be joyless and one Sunday morning she would get into she green wedding dress , tell she daughter she be go to take a nap . she would then pour chloroform into a cloth and press it to she nose until she perish . int . the omaha club - day bob skim the mail and collect he subscription newspaper . ext . rio grande avenue - day edward o kelly trudge towards a rendezvous . narrator ( v/o ) Edward 0 . Kelly come down from bachelor at 1 p.m. on the 8 " . he have no grand scheme , no strategy , no agreement with higher authority , nothing beyond a vague long for glory and a generalize wish for revenge against Robert Ford . kelly be join by joe duval , who carry a twin-barrel , ten-gauge shotgun . they repair themselves to a machinist 's shop . . int , machinist 's shop - day here they collect metal shaving and , use a paper funnel , fill up first the right shotgun barrel and then the leave . narrator ( V /0 ) Edward o. Kelly would be order to serve a life sentence in the Colorado penitentiary for second degree murder . over seven thousand signature would eventually be gather on a petition ask for Kelly 's release , and in 1902 Governor James B. Orman would pardon the man . he would write gruesome letter to Bob Ford 's widow , but otherwise do nothing except get arrest on charge of vagrancy and ramble from one insignificant town to the next , before he death in 1904 . int . the omaha club - day ella mae waterson pour jigger of whisky to a group of miner . bob remove he suit coat and hang it on a nail . he then remove he cartridge belt , wind it around he gun and snug this against the cash register . 131 miner you should not be wear that stickpin again , Bob . opal be unlucky . bob my luck be not very good as it be . I guess a opal could not change it much . miner I hear you . ext . rio grande avenue to int . omaha club - day we follow o kelly as he make he way up the street to the omaha Club . narrator ( v/o ) there would be no eulogy for Bob , no photograph of he body would be sell in sundry store , no people would crowd the street in the rain to see he funeral cortege , no biography would be write about he , no child name after he , no one would ever pay twenty - five cent to stand in the room he grow up in . o kelly enter with he shotgun raise and catch the man who shot jesse James laugh with ella mae waterson and give he back to the street . o kelly hello , Bob ! bob turn to the greeting and we freeze on he face . narrator ( v/o ) the shotgun would ignite , and ella May would scream , but Robert Ford would only lay on the floor and look at the ceiling , the light go out of he eye before he could find the right word .