JFK by Oliver Stone &amp ; Zachary sklar base on book by Jim marr &amp ; Jim garrison fade in credit run in counterpoint through a 7 to 10 minute sequence of documentary image set the tone of John f. Kennedy 's presidency and the atmosphere of that tense time , 1960 through 1963 . a omniscient narrator 's voice march we through in old time pathe ' newsreel fashion . voice January , 1961 - President dwight D. eisenhower 's farewell address to the Nation - eisenhower address eisenhower the conjunction of a immense military establishment and a large arm industry be new in the american experience . the total influence - economic , political , even spiritual - be feel in every city , every statehouse , every office of the Federal government ... in the council of government we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether seek or unsought , by the military industrial complex . the potential for the disastrous rise of misplace power exist and will persist ... we must never let the weight of this combination endanger we liberty or democratic process . we should take nothing for grant ... election imagery School kid recite the pledge of allegiance . wpa film of farmer harvest the Texas plain . rain , thunderhead , a dusty car come from far away on a road move towards Dallas . Cowboys round up the cattle . Young married in a church . hillside of tract home go up . the american breadbasket , the West . over this we hear eisenhower 's address . as we move into the election campaign of 1960 , we see the tv debate , Nixon versus . Kennedy , Mayor daley , Kennedy victorious ... against this be juxtapose other force : segregation , J. Edgar Hoover , military advisor , castro , Marilyn Monroe , lumumba ... three frame of the Zapruder film counter- cut ... end with the Kennedy inauguration and the irony of Earl Warren administer the oath as he will Kennedy 's eulogy . voice 2 November , 1960 - Senator John f. Kennedy of Massachusetts win one of the narrowest election victory in american history over the vice- President Richard Nixon by a little more than 100,000 vote . rumor abound that he steal the election in Illinois through the Democratic political machine of Mayor daley ... ( inauguration shot ) at he inauguration , at a time when american male all wear hat , he let he hair blow free in the wind . alongside he beautiful and elegant wife of french origin , jacqueline bouvier , j.f.k. be the symbol of the new freedom of the 1960' , signify change and upheaval to the american public , scare many and hate passionately by some . to win the election and to appease they fear , Kennedy at first take a tough cold War stance . BAY of pig imagery the beach , the bombardment , the round up of prisoner , Kennedy 's public apology , Allen dulle stand next to j.f.k. , both uncomfortable with the small talk ... voice 3 he inherit a secret war against the Communist castro dictatorship in Cuba , a war run by the CIA and angry Cuban exile out of basis in the Southern United States , Panama , Nicaragua and Guatemala . castro be a successful revolutionary frightening to american business interest in Latin America - company like cabot 's United fruit , Continental can , and rockefeller 's Standard oil . this war culminate in the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion in April 1961 , when Kennedy refuse to provide air cover for the exile brigade . of the 1600 man who invade , 114 be kill , 1200 be capture . the Cuban exile and the CIA be furious at Kennedy 's irresolution ... Kennedy , take public responsibility for the failure , privately claim the CIA lie to he and try to manipulate he into order a all - out american invasion of Cuba . he vow to splinter the CIA into a thousand piece and fire director Allen dulle , deputy Charles cabell and Richard bissell , the top leadership of the Agency . secret war imagery Cuban rally , footage of training camp , espionage activity , boat , case of weapon , Robert Kennedy ... John roselli , Sam giancana , Santos trafficante , Richard helm ( the new CIA chief ) , Bill harvey , head of zr / rifle , Howard hunt ... voice 4 the CIA , however , continue it 's secret war on castro with dozen of sabotage and assassination attempt under it 's zr / rifle and mongoose program - the Agency collaborate with organize crime element such as John roselli , Sam giancana , and Santos trafficante of Tampa , whose casino operation in Cuba , worth more than a hundred million dollar a year in income , castro have shut down . cuban missile crisis khrushchev , Kennedy , castro on television , meeting with cabinet , Russian vessel in Caribbean , U.S. nuclear basis on alert , civilian go to underground safe area ... the Russian ship turn around , the country smile ... voice 5 in October 1962 , the world come to the brink of nuclear war when Kennedy quarantine Cuba after announce the presence of offensive Soviet nuclear missile 90 mile off american shore . the Joint Chiefs of staff and the CIA call for a invasion . Kennedy refuse . Soviet ship with more missile sail towards the island , but at the last moment turn back . the world breathes with relief but backstage in Washington , rumor abound that j.f.k. have cut a secret deal with Russian Premier khrushchev not to invade Cuba in return for a Russian withdrawal of missile . suspicion abound that Kennedy be " soft on communism . " nuclear test ban imagery close down Cuban camp , McNamara speak , khrushchev and Kennedy , the " hot line " telephone system inaugurated , Kennedy with Jackie and child sailing off cape cod ... Vietnam introduction , early shot , Green beret , counterinsurgency program , De lansdale , lead up to the test Ban signing ... then j.f.k. at american University , June 10 , 1963 . voice 6 in the ensue month , Kennedy clamp down on Cuban exile activity , close training camp , restricting covert operation , prohibit shipment of weapon out of the country . the covert arm of the CIA nevertheless continue its plan to assassinate castor ... in March ' 63 , Kennedy announce drastic cut in the defense budget . in November 1963 , he order the withdrawal by Christmas of the first 1000 troops of the 16,000 station in Vietnam . he tell several of he intimate that he will withdraw all Vietnam troops after the ' 64 election , say to the Assistant Secretary of State , Roger hilsman , " the Bay of Pigs have teach I one , not to trust general or the CIA , and two , that if the american people do not want to use american troops to remove a Communist regime 90 mile from we coast , how can I ask they to use troops to remove a Communist regime 9,000 mile away ? " ... finally , in August 1963 , over the objection of the Joint Chiefs of staff , the United States , great Britain and the Soviet Union sign a treaty ban nuclear bomb test in the atmosphere , underwater and in space ... early that fateful summer , Kennedy speak of he new vision at american University in Washington . JFK what kind of peace do we seek ? not a pax americana enforce on the world by american weapon of war ... we must re-examine we own attitude towards the Soviet Union ... if we cannot now end we difference at least we can help make the world safe for diversity . for , in the final analysis , we most basic link be that we all inhabit this small planet . we all breathe the same air . we all cherish we child 's future . and we be all mortal ... concluding kennedy imagery diplomat at the United Nations ... adlai stevenson , castor ... Martin luther King and the March on Washington ( a snatch of he " I have a dream " speech ) ... Bobby Kennedy and Jimmy hoffa go at it ... U.S. steel Chairman 's remark in the steel face - off , man go to courtroom with briefcase , ... teddy Kennedy , Rose , Joe , the Kennedy family , all tooth and good look ... and of course John campaigning , always campaigning , shaking hand , smile , that supremely warm smile and sense of grace and ability to convey to crowd they oneness with he ... forever ... culminate in the more specific Texas shot ... with Jackie in San Antonio , and Houston ... then at Fort Worth ... then at Love field move through the cloud toward the Dallas / forth Worth plain which suddenly break into view as we descend ... louisiana highway - day ( 1963 ) a move car carry two Cuban male disgorge a rumple , scream woman , Rose cheramie , a whore in she thirty , lie there bleed in the dirt . the car drive off . hospital - day ( 1963 ) we see Rose , badly cut but quite lucid , try to reason with a policeman , Lt. fruge , and a doctor - in a remote black - and - white documentary . rose they be go up to Dallas ... to whack Kennedy . Friday the 22nd , that 's when they be go to do it . in dealey Plaza . they be gonna whack he ! you gotta call somebody , this be serious fuckin ' guy . doctor ( to the police officer ) Higher and a kite on something . be like this since she come in . back to documentary image we see the last close - up of Kennedy shaking hand on the tarmac at Love field , smile , into the motorcade ... the downtown street of Dallas , people pack the sidewalk clear back to the building , hang out of window ten storey up , schoolgirls surging out into the street in front of the car . the President be wildly popular - except for the occasional poster call for he arrest for treason ... voice 7 more rumor emerge of j.f.k. 's backdoor effort outside usual State Department and CIA channel to establish dialogue with fidel castro through contact at the United Nations in New York . Kennedy be seek change on all front . bitter battle be fight with Southern segregationist to get James meredith into the University of Mississippi . Three month after Kennedy submit a sweeping civil rights bill to Congress , Martin luther King lead 250,000 in a march on Washington . Robert Kennedy , as Attorney General , for the first time ever vigorously prosecute the mafia in american life , bring and win a record number of case - 288 conviction of organize crime figure include 13 grand jury against Jimmy hoffa and he teamster Union . the President also take on Big Business , force back steel price , win 45 of 46 antitrust case during 1963 and he want to help everyday taxpayer by end age - old business privilege like the oil depletion allowance and the fee pay to the Federal Reserve Bank for printing America 's currency . Revolutionary change be foreseen after j.f.k. 's assume re-election in 1964 . foremost in the political consciousness of the country be the possibility of a Kennedy dynasty . Robert Kennedy in ' 68 , teddy Kennedy in ' 76 . in November , 1963 John Kennedy travel to Texas , he popularity sagging to 59 % largely due to he civil rights stand for which he be particularly hate in the South . Texas be a crucial state for he to carry in ' 64 . with he be vice - President , lyndon Johnson and Texas Governor John connally . on November 21 , they visit Houston and San Antonio . on the morning of November 22 , he speak in Fort Worth , then fly 15 minute to Love field in Dallas , where he take a motorcade through downtown Dallas on he way to speak at 12:30 at the International Trade Mart . later , the motorcade take he through dealey Plaza at 12:30 ... dealey plaza - that day ( NOV . 22 , 1963 ) we see a massive overhead shot of the Plaza as it lay then . credit conclude under shot - and we have the subtitle " November 22 , 1963 . " a young epileptic scream and suddenly collapse near the fountain in front of the Texas School depository . he have a violent epileptic fit that attract surround attention . Dallas policeman run over to he . we hear the siren of a ambulance roaring up . timecut to ambulance load the epileptic man and take off . ambulance voice we be en route to parkland . back to a montage of the shoot . we see Kennedy , in the last second , wave , turn the corner at Houston from Main ... we see tv footage and a piece of Zapruder film from before the shoot ; fragment image ... CUT to stage shot of crowd people look on . the image be grainy to match the tone of the Zapruder film . people be on rooftop , holler . the crowd be wild with enthusiasm . we pan past Jack Ruby and slam into he in black - and - white . the camera show a Cuban man with a radio ; a man with a umbrella ; subliminals . through open window on the fifth floor of the criminal court Building , convict watch and holler from they jail cell . we see the sixth floor of the Texas Book depository with open window and a vague blur of a figure and a rifle . the clock on the hertz sign read 12:30 . voice we will be there in about five minute . a motorcycle officer parallel the Kennedy car try to use he radio . it 's jamme . the sound of the jamme dictabelt drive the rest of the sequence . we see Zapruder , a short middle - age man , shoot he 8 mm film from the grassy knoll , and then we see Jackie Kennedy - float on film , she voice , high , soft : jackie kennedy ( voice restage ) and in the motorcade , you know I usually would be wave mostly to the leave side and he be wave mostly to the right , which be one reason you be not look at each other very much . and it be terribly hot . just blind all of we ... we could see a tunnel in front of we . everything be really slow then . and I remember think it would be so cool under that tunnel . the camera rest on Jackie for a beat , and then we see the shot of the little schoolgirl skip on the grass . CUT to the approach overpass . j.f.k. wave ... Mrs. connally turn to j.f.k . the shot be crazy , fracture , surreal . mrs . connally ( v.o. ) Mr. President , you can not say that Dallas do not love you . JFK ( v.o. ) no , you certainly can not . then we hear the shot : the volley sound like a motorcycle backfire . we catch a glimpse of a muzzle flash and smoke . we see a view from the street of the Texas School Book depository - all in line with the " official " version of event . pigeon by the hundred suddenly shoot off the roof . then the screen go gray as do CBS tv 's first bulletin to the country . CBS bulletin ( full screen ) we interrupt this program to bring you this flash bulletin . a burst of gunfire ! Three burst of gunfire , apparently from automatic weapon , be fire at President Kennedy 's motorcade in downtown Dallas . we hear voice under this from everywhere , collide in confusion and horror : voice oh no ! my GOD they 're go to kill US all ! be still . you be go to be all right . let' get out of here . we're hit ! lawson , this be kellerman . we be hit . get US to the hospital immediately . pull out of the motorcade . take US to the nearest hospital . jackie kennedy voice oh , no , they have shot Jack ... I love you , Jack ... Jack ... they have kill my husband ... CBS bulletin ( v.o. ) the first report say that President Kennedy have be seriously wounded by the shoot . more detail just arrive . United Press say the wound to President Kennedy perhaps could be fatal . repeating : President Kennedy have be shot by a would - be assassin in Dallas . Three burst of gunfire , apparently from automatic weapon ... voice ( blend under ) it come from there . secure that area behind the fence . it's that build up there . we hear siren and screeching tire . the screen be still gray , randomly intercut with the end of the nix film show the car escape . there be wildly tracking shot of the crowd run towards the grassy knoll . the camera pan up the little set of stair . we see more face . someone in a suit stop we camera . secret service ? we see the briefest glimpse from the Zapruder film . the camera move in on the open umbrella next , then to the freeway sign , then to Mrs. Kennedy out of the car reach for help , then to the agent rush onto the rear fender . the car finally speed away . the people on the other side of the underpass wave at the oncoming hearse from hell . ( this be fragment , mystify shot . the main effect be one of blackout - of not know ; of be in the dark , as we all be back then . ) CUT to jim garrison' office - new orlean - same day ( 1963 ) pause . the lovely old china clock on the wall read 12:35 . somewhere a car backfire . we see a close - up of the clock move to 12:36 . we hear the sound of a pen on paper , scratch ... we see a shot of Jim garrison as a young air pilot in World War ii ; hear the sound of airplane . the camera move to frame photo of Jim as a young , lincolnesque lawyer ... we hear sound of political rally , cheer ... a shot of Jim 's grandfather shaking hand with President William taft . the sound of bulldozer carry we to a shot of Jim stare at pile of decaye corpse at dachau ... a photo of clarence darrow ... a law degree and a appointment as District Attorney of the New Orleans Parish ... mother garrison with young Jim on the desk ... another family - he own . we look across the thick desk with the chess set , a complete Works of William Shakespeare and a Nazi helmet with a bullet hole in it ... to Jim himself write - pen to paper . we sense the quiet intellect of the 43 year old man . the clock tick in the awful suspend silence . it 's as if the air itself have be suck from the silent room . this be the last moment of peace before the World will rush through the door in all its sound and fury - to change he life forever . the camera haywire into a close - up of Jim as he look up ... and know . Lou ivon , Jim 's chief investigator , be already stand there in the room . he be burly , in he 30 - he expression universal for that day . jim what 's wrong , Lou ? lou boss , the President 's be shot . in Dallas . five minute ago . Jim be stunne . his look of horror and shock speak the same language as on face all across America that Black Friday . jim oh no !... how bad ? lou no word yet . but they think it 's in the head . Jim get up , head rapidly for the door . jim come on . napoleon 's have a tv set . napoleon' restaurant - the quarter - day ( 1963 ) the midday customer all stare solemnly at the tv set high in the corner of the cafe . the manager , ashen , serve drink to Jim and Lou . newsman 1 apparently three bullet be find . Governor connally also appear to be hit . the President be rush by the secret service to parkland Memorial Hospital four mile from dealey Plaza . we be tell a bullet enter the base of the throat and come out of the backside , but there be no confirmation , blood transfusion be be give , a priest have administer the last rite . jim there 's still a chance , dammit ! come on , Jack - pull through . manager ( italian , distract ) I do not believe it . I do not believe it . here , in this country . they all look up , expectant , as walter cronkite interrupt on the tv : walter cronkite from Dallas , Texas - the flash apparently official , President Kennedy die at 1 p.m . Central Standard time , 2 o'clock Eastern Standard time , some 38 minute ago . ( choke pause ) vice - President Johnson have leave the hospital in Dallas , but we do not know to where he have proceed . presumably , he will be take the oath of office shortly , and become the 36th President of the United States . there be sound of shock , mutter , some sobbing in the restaurant . Lou gulp down he drink . Jim sit stunne . jim I do not always agree with he - too liberal for my taste - but I respected he . he have style ... God , I be ashamed to be a american today . he hold back the tear . the food come . Lou wave it off . they just sit there . exterior katzenjammer's bar - same day ( 1963 ) katzenjammer 's be a irish work class bar across Canal St . in a seedy area near the Mississippi River , just off Lafayette Square . interior katzenjammer's bar - same day ( 1963 ) a variety of loud irish work man sit on stool watch the tv . there be a few formica table with chair against the wall , and a unused pool table . newsman 2 many arrest have be make here today . anyone look even remotely suspicious be be detain . most of the crowd have go home but there be still many stunne people wander around in dealey Plaza unable to comprehend what happen here earlier today . on the tv , we see the scene at dealey Plaza . the reporter have several man , woman , and child gather around he . he put he microphone in they face . black woman ( cry ) it 's all so terrible . I jes ' can not stop cry . he do so much for this country , for color people . why ? man ( Bill Newman , with wife and kid ) I grab my kid and wife and hit the ground . the bullet be come over we head - from that fence back on the knoll - I be just so shake . I see he face when it hit ... he just , he ear fly off , he turn just real white and then go stiff like a board and flop over on he stomach , with he foot stick out . CUT to the picket fence above the grassy knoll . woman 2 I think ... it come from up there , that building . CUT to the Book depository . man 2 I hear shot from over there . CUT to the County record Building . newsman 2 how many shot ? woman 3 about 3 to 4 ... I do not know . man 3 I never think it could happen in America . back in the bar , the camera move to two patron seat at a table by themselves , far enough away not to be hear . guy banister be a sturdy , impose ex - FBI agent in he 60' , steel gray hair , blue eye , ruddy from heavy drink . he wear a small rosebud in he lapel . Jack Martin be a thin , mousy man in he mid - 50' , wear a Dick Tracy hat . they be both drink Wild Turkey heavily . the tv blare loudly across the room over they voice . banister all this blubber over that sonofabitch ! they be grieve like they know the man . it make I want to puke . martin God 's sake , chief . the President be shot . banister a bullshit President ! I do not see any weep for all the thousand of cuban that bastard condemn to death and torture at the Bay of Pigs . where be all the tear for the Russians and hungarian and chinese live like slave in prison camp run by Kennedy 's communist buddy - all this damned peace treaty ! I be tell ya Jack , that 's what happen when you let the nigger vote . they get together with the Jews and the Catholic and elect a irish bleed heart . martin Chief , maybe you have a little too much to drink . banister bullshit ! ( yell across the room ) bartender , another round ... ( finish drink ) here 's to the New Frontier . camelot in smithereen . I will drink to that . napoleon' restaurant - day ( 1963 ) several hour have elapse . the clientele have grow , drink , watch the tube with the insatiable curiosity the event engender . people stare in from the street ... there be a silence in the restaurant . television insert : image of a Dallas policeman haul a mannlicher - carcano rifle with a sniperscope over the head of the press gather in the police station . newsman 3 this be the rifle , it be a mannlicher - carcano italian rifle , a powerful World War ii military gun use by infantry and highly accurate at distance of 100 yard . we see image of the textbook box - the sniper 's nest in the sixth story of the Book depository - and then the view out the window look down at elm Street . newsman 3 the assassin apparently fire from this perch ... but so far no word , much confusion and ... CUT to newsman 2 at a different location or in studio . newsman 4 a flash bulletin ... the Dallas Police have just announce they have a suspect in the kill of a Dallas police officer , j.d. tippit , who be shot at 1:15 in oak cliff , a suburb of Dallas . Police be say there could be a tie - in here to the murder of the President . television insert : Lee harvey oswald , a bruise over he right temple , be apprehend at the Texas theatre . newsman 4 the suspect , identify as Lee harvey oswald , be arrest by more than a dozen police officer after a short scuffle at the Texas movie theatre in oak cliff , several block from where Officer tippit be kill , apparently with a .38 revolver find on oswald . there be apparently at least one eyewitness . television insert : oswald be book at the station . a surly young man , 24 , he claim to the press : tv oswald no , I do not know what I be charge with ... I do not know what dispatch you people have be give , but I emphatically deny this charge . voice from the bar they oughta just shoot the bastard . the room burst out with a accumulate fury at the young oswald - a tremendous release of tension . on the tv we see the excitement in the newsmen 's eye ; they all sense that this be the break they be look for in the case . garrison and ivon watch the tv , and then garrison stand and pay the bill . lou one little guy with a cheap rifle - look what he can do . jim let 's get outta here , Lou . I see too much stuff like this in the war . as they leave , the camera hold on the image of oswald . MISSISSIPPI river waterfront - twilight ( 1963 ) the sun be set through thunderhead over the Mississippi River waterfront as banister and Martin wobble out , drunk , down the street . banister well , the kid musta go nut , right ? ( Martin say nothing , look troubled ) I say oswald must have flip . just do this crazy thing before anyone could stop he , right ? martin I think I will cut out here , chief . I gotta get home . banister ( strong-arm Martin ) get home my ass . we be go to the office , have another drink . I want some company tonight . banister' office - night ( 1963 ) rain pour down outside 531 Lafayette Street as banister open several lock on the door and turn on the light . the frost glass on the door say " W. guy banister associate , Inc. , investigator . " it 's a typical detective 's office with spare desk , simple chair , large filing cabinet and cubicle in the rear . banister ( repetitive ) who would ever think that goofy oswald kid would pull off a stunt like a assassination ? ( Martin wait ) just go to show , you can never know about some people . be I right , Jack ? ( Martin , frighten now , do not reply ) well , bless my soul . you eye be as red as two cherries , Jack . do not tell I we have another bleed heart here . Hell , all this year I think you be on my side . martin Chief , sometimes I do not know whether you be kid or not . banister I could not be more serious , Jack . that big red eye have I wonder about you loyalty . banister , go to a file cabinet to get a bottle out , notice one of the file drawer be slightly ajar . he fly into a rage . banister who the hell open my file ! you have be look through my private file , have not you , you weasel ? martin you may not like this , chief , but you be beginning to act paranoid . I mean , you really be . banister you find out about Dave ferrie go to Texas today and you go through all my file to see what be go on . you be a goddamn spy . martin ( angry ) goddammit chief , why would I ever need to look in you file ? I see enough here this summer to write a book . banister I always lock my file . and you be the only one here today ... ( stop as he hear Martin ) what do you mean , you son of a bitch ? martin you know what I mean . I see a lot of strange thing go on in this office this summer . and a lotta strange people . enrage , banister pull a .357 Magnum from he holster , cursing as he suddenly slam it into Martin 's temple . the smaller man crumple painfully to the ground . banister you do not see a goddamn thing , you little weasel . do you get it ? you do not see a goddamn thing . jim garrison be home - that night ( 1963 ) Jim and he wife , Liz , watch the television . she be in she early 30' , a attractive , quiet southern woman from Louisiana . they live in a spacious two -story wood house , suburban in feel . television image : Reporters be jamme in the Assembly room of the Dallas Police headquarters as oswald be bring through the corridor , officer on either side of he . newsman 5 ( over the din ) do you shoot the President ? tv oswald I do not shoot anybody , no sir . I be just a patsy . the camera move onto Jim with Liz and the child - jasper , the oldest at 4 , hold he dad 's hand . on Liz 's lap , snapper , the youngest , be asleep . Virginia , the 2 - year-old , be pester the Boxer dog ... and mattie , the heavyset black housekeeper , 35 , be in tear . liz my god , he sure look like a creep . what 's he talkin ' ' bout ... a patsy ? television image : oswald in front of the camera , on a platform . tv oswald well , I be question by a judge . however , I protest at the time that I be not allow legal representation during that very short and sweet hearing . uh , I really do not know what the situation be about . nobody have tell I anything except that I be accuse of , uh , murdering a policeman . I know nothing more than that and I do request that someone come forward to give I , uh , legal assistance . newsman 5 do you kill the President ? tv oswald no . I have not be charge with that . in fact nobody have say that to I yet . the first thing I hear about it be when the newspaper reporter in the hall , uh , ask I that question . newsman 6 you have be charge . tv oswald Sir ? newsman 6 you have be charge . oswald seem shocked . newsman 5 be you ever in the free Cuba Movement or whatever the ... ruby ( a voice in the back ) it be the Fair play for Cuba Committee . oswald look over and spot Ruby in the back of the room , on a table . recognition be in he eye . the police start to move he out . newsman 6 what do you do in Russia ? what happen to you eye ? tv oswald a policeman hit I . garrison he seem pretty cool to I for a man under pressure like that . liz icy , you mean . ( shudder ) he give I the willy ... come on sugarplums , it 's past you bedtime ... ( to Jim ) come on , let 's go upstairs . ( rise ) mattie - get ahold of yourself . mattie why , Mr. Jim ? he be a great man , Mr. Jim , a great man ... Jim be move by she . television image : Texas d.a. Henry Wade address the journalist . tv WADE there be no one else but he . he have be charge in the Supreme Court with murder with malice . we be gonna ask for the death penalty . Jim move to the phone as Liz start the kid up the stair . the tv cut to still of oswald 's life . two newsmen sit in a studio , smoking , share information . frank ( newsman 7 ) so several hour after the assassination , a disturb portrait be emerge of Lee harvey oswald . describe as shy and introverted , he spend much of he childhood in New Orleans , Louisiana and go to high school there . after a stint in the Marines , he apparently become fascinate by communism and in 1959 defect to the Soviet Union . bob ( newsman 8 ) he marry a Russian woman there , Frank , have a child , and then return to the United States after 30 month . but he be still believe to be a dedicated marxist and a fanatical supporter of fidel castro and ultra leave wing cause . he spend last summer in New Orleans and be arrest in a brawl with anti-castro Cuban exile . frank ( newsman 7 ) and apparently , Bob , oswald have be pass out pro-castro pamphlet for a organization call Fair play for Cuba , a Communist front he reportedly belong to . bob ( newsman 8 ) and we have marina oswald , he Russian - bear wife , who have identify the rifle find in the Book depository as belong to she husband . and we have ... television image : Kennedy 's casket come off the plane in Washington D.C. play under the newsman ... Jackie stand there in she blood-spott dress ... we cut to the photograph of l.b.j. take the oath of office earlier that day ... and a still photo of Robert Kennedy 's reaction ... jim ( on the phone ) Lou , I be sorry to disturb you this late ... yeah , matter of routine but we better get on this New Orleans connection of oswald 's right away . check out he record , find any friend or associate from last summer . let 's meet with the senior assistant and investigator day after tomorrow , Sunday , yeah , at 11 ... thanks Lou . garrison conference room - 2 day later - day ( 1963 ) Jim be with he key player : Lou ivon , chief investigator ; susie Cox , in she 30' , and efficient , attractive Assistant d.a. ; La oser , Assistant d.a. in he 40' , serious , spectacle ; Bill broussard , Assistant d.a. , handsome , volatile , in he 30' ; numa bertell , d.a. in he 30' , chubby and friendly , and several other . they sit around a conference table with a black - and - white portable tv on a side table show the current Sunday , November 24 news from Dallas . marina oswald ( on tv ) Lee good man ... he not shoot anyone . camera move to Lou ivon , look at paperwork . lou as far as oswald 's associate , boss , the one name that keep pop up be David ferrie . oswald be see with he several time last summer . jim I know David - a strange character . lou he 's be in trouble before . use to be a hot shot pilot for Eastern Airlines , but he get can after a alleged homosexual incident with a 14 - year old boy . bill ( on phone , excited ) get kohlman ... he tell somebody the Texas trip ... yesterday mention to somebody about ferrie ... find it out . on the tv we see the first image of the " backyard photo " of Lee harvey oswald hold the rifle . newsman 1 this backyard photo be find yesterday among oswald 's possession in the garage of Janet William 's home in riving , Texas , where marina oswald and she child be live . the picture apparently be take earlier this year . Police say the rifle , a cheap World War ii italian - make mannlicher - carcano , be order from a Chicago mailing house and ship to oswald 's alias A. hidell at a post office box in March , 1963 . this be the same rifle that be use to assassinate the President . the camera move back to the staff , who watch , obviously influence . cox that tie it up ... numa another nut . Jesus , anybody can get a rifle in Texas . bill ( hang up ) so it seem that Dave ferrie drive off on a Friday afternoon for Texas - a source tell kohlman he might have be a getaway pilot for oswald . member of the team exchange look of surprise and disbelief . jim hold you horse . what kinda source ? bill ( grin ) the anonymous kind , Chief . oser I think I remember this guy ferrie speak at a meeting of some veteran 's group . ranting against castro . extreme stuff . newsman 1 we go back now to the basement of police headquarters where they be about to transfer oswald to County prison ... television image : the basement of the Dallas police headquarters - wait . Men mill around as oswald be lead out of the basement by two deputy . Jack Ruby rush forward out of the crowd - and into history - put he sealing bullet into oswald . total chaos erupt ... the camera be on the staff , look . we hear gasp . announcer he 's be shot ! oswald 's be shot ! various voice goddamn ! look at that ... look at that ... I do not believe this ... right on tv ! what be go on ? who be this guy ... oh Jesus . Jim be silent . lou seventy cop in that basement . what the hell be they do ? newsman 1 Jack Ruby ... who be Jack Ruby ? oswald be hurt . we see image of oswald be lift onto the stretcher , into the ambulance , and the newscaster crouching , whisper . everybody in the room be stunne still . lou well , no trial now . look like somebody save the Dallas d.a. a pile of work . they look to Jim . there 's a pause . he be deeply disturb . jim ( quietly ) well , let 's get ferrie in here anyway . garrison office - next day - day ( 1963 ) the portable television play to Jim alone , sit in he chair smoking a pipe . we see searing image of the funeral - crowd of mourner , the casket be drive through the street , the honor guard , the horse , the dignitary walk behind , Jackie veile ... the face of De gaulle , macmillan , Robert Kennedy . we intercut briefly to lyndon Johnson sit down earlier that day with the Joint Chiefs of staff ... and then a future cut to Johnson in the oval Office ( stage ) . the shot be very tight , uncomfortable - nose , eye , hand - very tight . as the door open follow a knock , David ferrie be bring into Jim 's office by two police officer and Lou ivon . Jim stand up , cordial . lou Chief ... David ferrie . ferrie suffer from alopecia , a disease that have remove all he body hair , and he look like a Halloween character - pencile eyebrow , one higher than the other , a scruffy reddish wig paste on askew with glue , thrift store clothing . his eye , however , be swift and cun , he smile warm , invite itself , he demeanor hungry to please . jim ( shake hand ) come in , Dave . have a seat , make yourself comfortable . coffee ? ferrie do you remember I , Mr. garrison ? I meet you on carondolet Street right after you election . I congratulate you , remember ? jim how could I forget ? you make quite a first impression . ( on intercom ) Sharon , could you please bring we some coffee ? ( ferrie laugh ; pause ) I have hear over the year you be quite a first - rate pilot , Dave . legend have it you can get in and out of any field , no matter how small ... ( Jim point to the picture on he wall ) I be a bit of a pilot myself , you know . flew grasshopper for the field artillery in the war . ferrie glimpsis the low-volume tv - and image of the funeral . he look away , jittery , and take out a cigarette . Sharon bring the coffee in . ferrie do you mind if I smoke , Mr. garrison ? jim ( hold up he pipe ) how could I ? Dave , as you know , President Kennedy be assassinate on Friday . a man name Lee harvey oswald be arrest as a suspect and then be murder yesterday by a man name Jack Ruby . ( on each name , watch ferrie 's reaction ) we have hear report that oswald spend the summer in New Orleans and we have be advise you know oswald pretty well . ferrie that 's not true . I never meet anybody name oswald . anybody who tell you that have to be crazy . jim but you be aware , he serve in you Civil Air patrol unit when he be a teenager . ferrie no ... if he do , I do not remember he . there be lot of kid in and out ... y' know . jim ( hand he a current newspaper ) I be sure you have see this . perhaps you know this man under another name ? ferrie no , I never see he before in my life . jim well that must have be mistaken information we get . thanks for straighten it out for we . ( puff on pipe , ferrie look relieved ; image of the funeral continue on the tv ) there be one other matter that 's come up , Dave . we be tell you take a trip to Texas shortly after the assassination of Friday . ferrie yeah , now that 's true . I drive to Houston . jim what be so appeal about Houston ? ferrie I have not be there ice skate in many year , and I have a couple of young friend with I , and we decide we want to go ice skate . jim Dave , may I ask why the urge to go ice skate in Texas happen to strike you during one of the most violent thunderstorm in recent memory ? ferrie oh , it be just a spur of the moment thing ... the storm be not that bad . jim I see . and where do you drive ? ferrie we go straight to Houston , and then Saturday night we drive to Galveston and stay over there . jim why Galveston ? ferrie no particular reason . just to go somewhere . jim and then Sunday ? ferrie in the morning we go goose hunt . then head home , but I drop the boy off to see some relative and I stay in hammond . jim do you bag any geese on this trip ? ferrie I believe the boy get a couple . jim but the boy tell we they do not get any . ferrie ( fidget , lighting another cigarette ) oh yes , well , come to think of it , they be right . we get to where the geese be and there be thousand of they . but you could not approach they . they be a wise bunch of bird . jim you young friend also tell we you have no weapon in the car . Dave , be not it a bit difficult to hunt for geese without a shotgun ? ferrie yes , now I remember , Mr. garrison . I be sorry , I get confuse . we get out there near the geese and it be only then we realize we would forget we shotgun . stupid , right ? so of course we do not get any geese . jim I see. ( stand up ) Dave thank you for you time . I be sorry it have to end inconveniently for you , but I be go to have you detain for further question by the FBI . ferrie ( shake ) why ? what 's wrong ? jim Dave , I find you story simply not believable . Lou and the two cop escort ferrie out of the office as Jim turn to the television image of Kennedy 's final moment of rest . the bugler play tap . John Jr. , 3 year old , in a image which will become famous , salute he dad farewell . the riderless horse stand lonely against the Washington sky . FBI office - new orlean - next day ( 1963 ) at a small press conference , the FBI spokesman read a statement . FBI spokesman gentlemen , this afternoon the FBI release David W. ferrie of New Orleans . after extensive question and a thorough background check , the Bureau find no evidence that ... garrison' office - simultaneous with previous scene in garrison 's office see the same broadcast , on the portable television . Lou , broussard , numa and Jim watch . FBI spokesman ( on tv ) ... Mr. ferrie know Lee harvey oswald or that he have have any connection with the assassination of President Kennedy . the special agent in charge would like to make clear that Mr. ferrie be bring in for question by the District Attorney of Orleans parish , not by the Federal Bureau of investigation . the Bureau regret any trouble this may have cause Mr. ferrie ... newsman 9 in national news , President Johnson have announce the creation of a blue ribbon presidential commission to probe the event in Dallas . Lou look at Jim , angry . lou correct I if I be wrong . I think we be on the same side . what the hell business be it of theirs to say that ? bill pretty fast , be not it . the way they let he go . jim they must know something we do not . ( dismiss it ) so , let 's get on with we life , gentleman ... we get plenty of home grow crime to prosecute . he reach to turn off the tv and get back to work . the last image on the tv be : newsman 9 the Commission will be head by Chief justice of the United States Supreme Court , Earl Warren , and be expect to head off several congressional and Texas inquiry into the assassination . on the panel be Allen dulle , ex-chief of the CIA , Representative Gerald Ford , John J. mccloy , former head of chase Manhattan Bank ... Jim flick the tv off as the overture end . aerial shot - WASHINGTON , D.C. - day ( 1966 ) we look down at the White House from the plane 's point of view . a subtitle read : " three year later . " interior of plane senator russell long ( look out the window ) that 's a mess down there , Jim . we have bitten off more " Vietnam " that we can possibly chew . Jim , now 46 , read the front page of the WASHINGTON post which detail the latest battle in Vietnam . he sit next to Senator Long from Louisiana , in he 50' , who 's drink a whiskey . they be on a crowded businessman 's shuttle . we see a close - up of a newspaper article about the Vietnam war : " more troops ask by Westmoreland . " long ( continue ) sad thing be the way it 's screwing up this country , all this hippie run around on drug , the way young people look you can not tell a boy from a girl anymore . I see a girl the other day , she be pregnant - you could see she whole belly , and you know what she paint on it ? " Love child . " it 's fuckin ' outa control . value have go to hell , Jim ... course it figure when you get somebody like that polecat Johnson in the White House . jim I sometimes feel thing have go downhill since John Kennedy be kill , Senator . long do not get I start on that . that Warren Commission fellow be pickin ' gnat shit out of pepper . no one 's gonna tell I that kid do the shoot job he do from that damned bookstore . stewardess here you go , Senator Long . the stewardess bring more drink . jim ( surprised ) I think the FBI test - fire the rifle to make sure it could be do ? long sure , three expert and not one of they could do it ! they be tell we oswald get off three shot with world - class precision from a manual bolt action rifle in less than six second - and accordin ' to he Marine buddy he get maggie 's drawer - he be not any good . average man would be lucky to get two shot off , and I tell ya the first shot would always be the best . here , the third shot 's perfect . do not make sense . and then they get that crazy bullet zigzagge all over the place so it hit Kennedy and connally seven time . one " pristine " bullet ? that dog do not hunt . jim you know , something always bother I about that from day one , and I can not put my finger on it . long if I be investigatin ' , I would round up the 100 best riflemen in the world and find out which one be in Dallas that day . you be duck hunt ? I think oswald be a good old - fashioned decoy . what would he say ? " I be just a patsy . " out of the mouth of babe y'ask I . jim you think there be other man involved , Russell ? Russell look at Jim quizzically and laugh . long Hell , you be the District Attorney . you read the Warren report - and then you tell I you be satisfied Lee oswald shot the President all by he lonesome . jim Russell , honestly you sound like one of that kooky critic spread paranoia like prairie fire . I just can not believe the Chief justice of the United States would put he name on something that be not true . long ( to the stewardess ) honey , another one of this . this one 's as weak as cricket pee-pee . yessir , you mark my word , Jim , Vietnam 's gonna cost Johnson ' 68 and it 's gonna put that other varmint Nixon in - then watch you hide , ' cause there be not no offramp on a freeway to Hell ! garrison be study - night ( 1966 ) the study be line with bookshelve up to the ceiling ; we see photo of family , a chess set . Jim , smoking he pipe , read in a red leather chair from one of the 26 thick Warren Commission volume pile all over the place . Liz enter . jasper , now 7 , draw on a piece of paper on the floor at Jim 's foot . liz Jim , dinner 's just about ready ... I have get a surprise for you ... try something new ... Jim ? Jim , dinner . jim ( lose in think ) mmmmm ... sure smell good ... but egghead , do you realize oswald be interrogate for twelve hour after the assassination , with no lawyer present , and nobody record a word of it ? I can not believe it . a police captain with 30 year experience and a crowd of Federal agent just have to know that with no record anything that oswald say would be inadmissible in court . liz come on now , we will talk about it at the table , dinner 's get cold . ( to jasper ) what be you do in here ? jasper daddy say it be all right if I be real quiet . jim ( rise to dinner ) sure it be . freckle face , if I ever handle a minor felon like that , it would be all over the papers . I would catch hell . and this be the alleged murderer of the President ? garrison dine room - ( 1966 ) two -year - old Elizabeth watch " crusader rabbit " on tv as the new one - year- old sit in diaper with Liz at one end of the dinner table . Jim sit at the other end . there be five kid now , age 7 , 5 , 4 , 2 and 1 ... and mattie , the housekeeper . dinner 's finish , they pass plate , the child horse around ... the boxer dog , touchdown , beg for a piece of the action . Jim , not a big eater , feed he ice cream . jim again and again they ignore credible testimony , lead be never follow up , its conclusion be selective , there 's no index , it 's one of the sloppiest , most disorganize investigation I have ever see . dozen and dozen of witness in dealey Plaza that day be say they hear shot come from the grassy knoll area in front of Kennedy and not the Book depository behind he , but it 's all break down and spread around and you read it and the point get lose . mattie I never do believe it either ! liz ( politely listen ) uh huh ... mattie , I will do the dish , you take be up now . and Elizabeth , too , you bedtime , honey . elizabeth JR . nahhhh ! I do not wanna go to bed ! liz honey , that be three year ago - we all try so hard to put that out of we mind , why be you digging it up again ? you be the d.a. of New Orleans . be not the Kennedy assassination a bit outside you domain ? I mean all that important people already study it . jim I can not believe a man as intelligent as Earl Warren ever read what 's in that volume . liz well maybe you be right , Jim . I will give you one hour to solve the case ... until the kid be in bed . ( rise , she put she arm around he from behind and kiss he ear ) then you be mine and Mr. Kennedy can wait ' till morning . come on , everybody say goodnight to daddy . jasper ( show he draw ) dad , look what I draw . jim ( rise ) that 's something , jasper . what be it ? jasper a rhinoceros . can I stay up another hour ? Virginia and snapper each get one of Jim 's shoe as he dance with they , hold one with each hand . jim ( dance ) Pickle and snapper , my two favorite dance partner . as the child dance , they fall off Jim 's foot , laugh and giggle . he throw each in the air and kiss they . jim goodnight , my doodle bug . kide goodnight , daddy . Liz come over , smile . Jim take she in he arm . liz one hour , y'hear ? some Saturday night date you be . ( sigh ) mama warn I this would happen if I marry such a serious man . jim oh , she do , huh ? when I come up I will show you how Saturday night get invent . garrison study - later that night ( 1966 ) the clock on mantelpiece read 3 a.m. Jim be alone , smoking he pipe . in the stillness , he mind crawl all over the place . the camera close on the thickly - word page of the Warren report . flashback to the Warren Commission hearing room in Dallas , 1964 . we hear thin , echoey sound as the attorney question some of the witness . the overall effect be vague and confusing , as be much of the Warren report . a Mr. Ball be question Lee bower , the switchman in the railroad yard . bower , in he early 40' , have a trustworthy , work - man face and a crew cut . bower I seal off the area , and I hold off the train until they could be examine , and there be some transient take on at least one train . attorney Mr. bower ... be there anything else you tell I I have not ask you about that you can think of ? bower nothing that I can recall . attorney Witness be excuse . Jim , upset , read on ... another witness , sgt. d.v. harkness of the Dallas Police respond to a second attorney . sgt . harkness well we get a long freight that be in there , and we pull some people off of there and take they to the station . we see another flashback - to the Dallas rail yard on the day of the assassination . Three hobo be be pull off the freight by the Dallas policeman . attorney ( v.o. ) you mean some transient ? sgt . harkness ( v.o. ) tramp and hobo . attorney ( v.o. ) be all that question ? flashback to dealey Plaza a hour or less after the assassination . the three hobo be march by shotgun-tote policeman to the sheriff 's office at dealey Plaza . we note that they do not look much like hobo . sgt . harkness ( v.o. ) yes , sir , they be take to the station and question . jim ( astound ) and ? ( write " incomplete " ) attorney ( v.o. ) ( switch subject ) I want to go back to this amo euin . ( voice dribble off ) bower ( v.o. ) yes sir , traffic have be cut off into the area since about 10 , but there be three car come in during this time from around noon till the time of the shoot ... the car circle the parking lot , and leave like they be check the area , one of the driver seem to have something he be hold to he mouth ... the last car come in about 7 to 10 minute before the shoot , a white chevrolet , 4 - door impala , muddy up to the window . the camera 's point of view be now from the railroad tower near dealey Plaza . we be fourteen foot off the ground , overlook the parking lot behind the grassy knoll . the shot include this last car circle in the lot . bower towards the underpass , I see two man stand behind a picket fence ... they be look up towards Main and Houston and follow the caravan as it come down . one of they be middle - age , heavyset . the other man be young , wear a plaid shirt and jacket . Inside the railroad tower , bower glance out , busy with the main board , flash light , a train come in . bower there be two other man on the eastern end of the parking lot . each of be have uniform . we see the parking lot from bower 's point of view - at a distance , but we have a sense of the car and see the man at a distance , tow uniform man . the parking lot be bumper - to - bumper with a sea of car . rain that morning have muddy the lot . this brief image be elaborate on later . bower at the time of the shoot there seem to be some commotion ... I just be unable to describe - a flash of light or smoke or something which cause I to feel that something out of the ordinary have occur there on the embankment ... we feel the grow intensity : music , drum - but all blurred . we see a puff of smoke but no sound because of the window bower be glance through . a motorcycle cop shoot up the grassy knoll incline . people run , blur into a larger mosaic of confusion . bower be confuse , see this . intercut with Jim 's heart pound as he read . back in dealey Plaza , S.M. Holland , a elderly signal supervisor , stand on the parapet of the railway . holland ( v.o. ) four shot ... a puff of smoke come from the tree ... behind that picket fence ... close to the little plaza - there 's no doubt whatever in my mind . we see the scene from Holland 's point of view - the puff of smoke linger under the tree along the picket fence after the shoot . garrison bedroom - another night ( 1966 ) Jim be asleep , have a torture dream . dreamscape flashback : we see the Zapruder film , in slow-motion and j.f.k. 's face just before he go behind stemmon freeway sign . Jim sit up suddenly . jim no ! Liz stir , shake . liz honey , you all right ? ( look at watch ) jim it 's incredible , honey - the whole thing . a Lieutenant Colonel testify that Lee oswald be give a Russian language exam as part of he Marine training only a few month before he defect to the Soviet Union . a Russian exam ! liz ( sit up , angere ) I can not believe this . it 's four - thirty , Jim garrison . I have five child be gonna be awake in another hour and ... jim honey , in all my year in the service I never know a single man who be give a Russian test . oswald be a radar operator . he would have about as much use for Russian as a cat have for pajamas . liz this book be get to you mind , Mr. garrison . I wish you would stop readin ' they . jim and then this Colonel try to make it sound like nothing . oswald do badly on the test , he say . " he only have two more Russian word right than wrong . " ha ! that 's like I say touchdown here ... ( point to the dog ) ... be not very intelligent because I beat he three game out of five the last time we play chess . liz ( give up ) Jim , what be go on , for heaven 's sake ! you go to stay up all night every night ? for what ? so you will be the only man in America who read the entire 26 volume of the Warren report ? jim Liz , do I have to spell it out for you ? Lee oswald be no ordinary soldier . that be no accident he be in Russia . he be probably in military intelligence . that 's why he be train in Russian . liz ( with a quizzical look ) honey , go back to sleep , please ! jim goddammit ! I be sleep for three year ! she take he now , gently , and pull he down on top of she and kiss he . liz will you stop rattling on about Kennedy for a few minute , honey ... come on . lafayette square - new orlean - morning ( 1966 ) a Sunday , early . we see a statue of Ben Franklin in a empty square frequent by drunk who doze on bench in a little leafy park in the center of the Square . the camera move to Jim by himself and then move to a sedan , pull up , which disgorge Lou ivon and Bill broussard . jim Morning , boy . ready for a walk tour ? bill at 7:30 Sunday morning ? it 's not exactly fresh blood we be sniff here , boss . jim ( point ) Old stain , Bill , but just as tell . time CUT to Jim indicate 531 Lafayette Street , a seedy , fade , three - story building across the street from the square . jim remember whose office this be back in ' 63 ? 531 Lafayette Street . lou yeah , guy banister . ex - FBI man . he die couple year ago . flashback to the exterior of the banister Office on a day in 1963 . the door be now clearly label " W. guy banister , inc . investigator . " it open and banister come out in slow motion , neatly dress , rise in he lapel - the same office and same man we see three year before when he pistol - whipped Jack Martin . banister seem to be smile right at we , greeting we . jim ( v.o. ) headed the Chicago office . when he retire he become a private eye here . I use to have lunch with he . John birch Society , minuteman , slightly to the right of attila the hun . use to recruit college student to infiltrate radical organization on campus . all out of this office . now come around here , take a look at this ... back to the Lafayette Square of 1966 . Jim walk ivon and Bill to the corner , to another entrance to the same building - this one with a sign that say " 544 Camp Street . " jim 544 Camp Street . same building as 531 Lafayette , right ... but different address and different entrance both go to the same place - the office on the second and third floor . Bill study the present sign : " Crescent City Dental Laboratory " , and give Jim a puzzle look . jim guess who use this address ? Lou get it and glance up . we flashback to the exterior of 544 Camp Street in 1963 . Lee oswald come out the door into a full close - up , now clearly see by we , and head out into the street as guy banister intercept he on the sidewalk , hold a leaflet and point to " 544 Camp Street stamp on it . guy seem miff at oswald , tell he something quickly , and then move on . banister ( under ) see this ? what the hell be this do on this piece of paper ? ( he move away ) asshole . lou ( v.o. ) my God ! Lee harvey oswald . jim ( v.o. ) bull 's - eye . how do we know he be here ? Cause this office address be stamp on the pro-casto leaflet he be hand out in the summer of ' 63 down on Canal street . they be the same leaflet that be find in he garage in Dallas . flashback to Canal Street in New Orleans on a summer day in 1963 . oswald , in a thin tie and white short - sleeve shirt , and wear a homemade placard read " hand off Cuba " ; " Viva fidel ! " , be hawk leaflet to pedestrian with two young helper . a large white - haire businessman in a white suit , very distinguished , walk with a friend on Canal Street . oswald glance at he and meet he eye . the businessman enter a office building . this man be clay Bertrand , later know as clay Shaw . some cuban , lead by carol bringuier , now appear . one of they , " the bull " , be heavy - set with dark glass . more of he will also be see . jim he be arrest that day for fight with some anti-castro cuban ... but actually he have contact they a few day earlier as a ex - Marine try to join the anti-castro crusade . when they hear he be now pro-castro , they pay he a visit . carlo ( harangue passerby ) he 's a traitor , this man ! do not believe a word he tell you ! ( to oswald ) you sonofabitch , you liar , you be a Communist , go back to Moscow . carlos throw oswald 's leaflet in the air and pull off he glass , prepare to fight . oswald only smile , and put he arm down in a X of passivity . oswald okay , carlos , if you want to hit I , hit I . there be no real fight , but the police , as if pre-alert , arrive . arrest be make . we see oswald in a room in the police station , talk with FBI agent John quigley . a calendar on the wall show that it 's August , 1963 . jim ( v.o. ) there be no real fight and the arrest Lieutenant later say he feel it be a stage incident . in jail , oswald ask to talk to special agent John quigley of the FBI who show up immediately . they have a private session . oswald be release and quigley destroy he note from the interview . in a television studio in 1963 , oswald debate carlos bringuier with two moderator . jim but the arrest get he a lot of publicity and as a result oswald appear on a local tv debate that establish he credential as a Communist . bringuier but you be a Communist , be you not , and you defect to Russia . oswald no , I be not a Communist . but I be a marxist - leninist . bringuier what do you do when you be in Russia ? oswald ( defensive ) I work while I be there . I be always under the protection of ... that be to say , I be not under the protection of the U.S. government . back in 1966 , Jim walk with he two assistant . bill what the hell 's a Communist like Lee oswald do work out of banister 's ? jim y'ever hear of a double agent , Bill ? I be beginning to doubt oswald be ever a Communist ... after the arrest , 544 Camp Street never appear on the pamphlet again . now here 's another one for you : what would you say if I tell you Lee oswald have be train in the Russian language when he be a Marine ? lou I would say he be probably get intelligence training . jim Lou , you be in the Marines . who would be run that training ? lou the Office of Naval Intelligence . jim take a look across the street . we see the Post Office building across the street . lou Post Office . jim upstair . in 1963 that be the Office of Naval Intelligence - and just by coincidence , banister , before he be FBI , be oni . what do they say ? lou " once oni , always oni " ? bill well , he like to work near he old pal . Jim make a gesture encompass the whole Square . jim Bill , Lou , we be stand in the heart of the United States government 's intelligence community in New Orleans . that 's the FBI there , the CIA , secret service , oni . do not this seem to you a rather strange place for a Communist to spend he spare time ? lou what be you drive at , boss ? jim we be go back into the case , Lou - the murder of the President . I want you to take some money from the fee and fine account and go to Dallas - talk to some people . Bill , I want you to get oser on the medical , the autopsy , Susan on oswald and Ruby history , tax record ... bill Lord , wake I , please . I must be dream . jim no , you be awake , Bill , and I be dead serious . and we be go to start by tracking down you anonymous source from three year ago . how do you find out Dave ferrie drive to Texas that day ? racetrack - day ( 1966 ) a straggly group of people watch from the grandstand eat hotdog and talk in small cluster . the horse be run early morning lap . Three man sit apart in the bleacher . a scared Jack Martin , three year older than when last see , still wear the Dick Tracy hat , suck up coffee like a worm do moisture . he have the red puffy cheek of a alcoholic and deeply circle , worried eye . Bill and Jim wait . jim you be not under cross-examination here , Jack . what I need be a little clarification about the night guy banister beat you over the head with he Magnum . you call we office hopping mad from you hospital bed . do not tell I you do not remember that ? Jack look away and do not respond . jim here 's my problem , Jack . you tell I you and guy be good friend for a long time ? martin more than ten year . jim and he never hit you before ? martin never touch I . jim yet on November 22 , 1963 - the day of the President 's murder - we police report say he pistol - whipped you with a .357 Magnum . ( Martin 's eye be fix on Jim ) but the police report say you have a argument over the phone bill . here , take a look at it . ( Martin look at the report ) now , do a simple argument over phone bill sound like a believable explanation to you ? sudden flashback to the night of the pistol - whipping . the camera show banister lay Martin 's head open / the beat the humiliation . martin ( shaking he head slowly , dreamily ) no , it involved more than that . Bill look at Jim . jim how much more ? martin ( wait ) I do not know if I should talk about this . jim well , I would ask guy - we be friendly , you know - heart attack , be not it ? martin if you buy what you read in the paper . jim you have other information ? martin I do not say that . all I know be he die suddenly just before the Warren report come out . jim why do guy beat you , Jack ? martin well , I guess now that guy 's dead , it do not really matter ... it be about the people hang around the office that summer . I be not really part of the operation , you know . I be handle the private - eye work for guy when that come in - not much do - but that 's why I be there ... it be a nuthouse . there be all this cuban come and go . they all look alike to I . flashback to banister 's office in 1963 . there be cuban in battle fatigue and combat boot ; duffle bag be lie around . David ferrie , in fatigue , direct the cuban as they carry crate of ammunition and weapon into a back room . Martin observe from another desk . martin Dave ferrie - you know about he ? jim ( v.o. ) be he there often ? martin ( v.o. ) often ? he practically live there . it be real cloak and dagger stuff . they call it operation mongoose . the idea be to train all this Cuban exile for another invasion of Cuba . banister 's office be part of a supply line that run from Dallas , through New Orleans to Miami , stockpile arm and explosive . still in 1963 , we see the exterior of banister 's office . a dozen cuban follow ferrie downstairs into the street , and pile into several car , duffel throw in with they . ferrie drive the lead car . jim ( v.o. ) all this right under the nose of the intelligence community in Lafayette Square ? we see the car cross the long Lake pontchartrain Bridge and enter a remote guerrilla training camp . bayou and jungle be all around . martin ( v.o. ) sure . everybody know everybody . it be a network . they be work for the CIA - pilot , black operation guy , civilian , military - everybody in that day be run gun somewhere ... Fort jefferson , bayou bluff , Morgan City ... mcallen , Texas be a big gun-run operation . at the guerrilla training camp at Lake pontchartrain in 1963 , we see scene of basic training - shoot , obstacle course , callisthenics - lead by ferrie and other trainer . scatter among the cuban be several white american mercenary . we catch a glimpse of oswald and glimpsis of several other man we will see again , in sprinklings . jim ( v.o. ) where be banister in all this ? martin ( v.o. ) banister be run he camp north of Lake pontchartrain . ferrie handle a lot of the training . there be a shoot range and a lot of tropical terrain like in Cuba . a few Americans get train , too . Nazi type . mercenary . but ferrie be the craziest . it 's night at the training camp . FBI agent race up in car in the middle of the night , swarm over the camp , round up the trainee . martin anyway , late summer the party end . Kennedy do not want another Bay of Pigs mess , so he order the FBI to shut down the camp and confiscate the napalm and the C - 4 . there be a buncha cuban and a couple Americans arrest , only you do not read about it in the papers . just the weapon get mention ... ' cause the first one behind bar would have be banister and ferrie , but I think the g-men be just go through the motion for Washington . they heart be with they old FBI buddy banister . we see FBI agent load dynamite , bomb casing , arm 155 mm artillery shell , etc . back at the racetrack in 1966 , Jim listen . martin like I say , a fuckin ' nuthouse . jim and oswald ? Martin hesitates . we hear the rhythmic beat of the horse hoof and Martin suck on the steaming cup of coffee . martin ( finally ) yeah , he be there , too ... sometimes he would be meeting with banister with the door shut . other time he would be shoot the bull with ferrie . but he be there all right . jim anything more specific , Jack ? it 's important . flashback to banister 's office in 1963 . banister and Martin shoot the breeze as the straight - lace middle - age secretary , delphine Roberts , hurry in . martin ( v.o. ) yeah , one time the secretary get upset , I remember ... secretary I can not believe it , Mr. banister . Lee oswald be down on Canal Street give out Communist leaflet support castro ! banister just look at she and laugh . banister it 's okay , delphine , he 's with we . back at the racetrack ... jim anyone else involved at banister 's level ? martin ( shrug ) there be one guy , I do not know , big guy , business guy , white hair - I see he come into the office once . he look out of place , y'know - like a society guy . can not remember he name . ( think ) oswald be with he . flashback to banister office on a day in 1963 . Martin be snooping in banister 's file . cut to Martin leave the office as a big businessman with white hair briefly talk to oswald and then go into banister 's private office . martin he have something to do with money . I remember he cause guy , who do not kiss anybody 's ass , sure kiss he . banister let the man into he private office . martin clay something , that be he name - clay . jim Bertrand . clay Bertrand ? martin yeah ! that 's it . ( pause , paranoid ) I do not know . maybe it be not . I gotta go . jim ( to Bill ) clay Bertrand . he 's in the Warren report . he try to get oswald a lawyer . ( to Martin ) be Kennedy ever discuss , Jack ? martin sure . ' course they hate the sonofabitch , but ... jim the assassination , Jack ? martin ( tighten ) never . not with I sir , never ... listen , I think I would better go . I say enough . I say all I be go to say . ( rise suddenly ) jim hold on , Jack . what 's the problem ? martin what 's the problem ? what 's the problem ? do I need to spell it out for you , Mr. garrison ? I better go . jim nobody know what we be talk about , Jack . martin you be so naive , mister . Martin pick he way nervously down the bleacher bench . car - french quarter - day ( 1966 ) Jim drive , with numa in the front and Bill in the back . bill well , it 's a terrific yard , Chief , but the man 's a obvious alcoholic with a reputation lower than crocodile piss . jim do that bother you , Bill ? I always wonder in court why it be because a woman be a prostitute , she have to have bad eyesight . bill he will never sign a statement , boss , let alone get on a witness stand . jim when something 's rotten in the land , Bill , it generally be not just one fish , we will get corroboration ... find this clay Bertrand . if I be a betting man , I would give you 10 to 1 it 's a alias . start check around the Quarter . bill and the six of we , with almost no budget and in secret , be go to solve the case that the Warren Commission with dozen of support staff and million of dollar could not solve . we can not keep up with the crime in the Parish as it be , Chief . jim the murder of a President , Bill , be a crime in Orleans Parish too . I do not pick you because of you legal skill , you know . bill gee , thanks boss . Jim pull the car over to park . jim but because you be a fighter . I like a man who be not scared of bad odd . french quarter sidewalk - day ( 1966 ) Jim and the other get out of the car and head towards antoine 's Restaurant . a black woman greet he . black woman how ya do , Mr. garrison ? remember I - from the piano bar at the Royal Orleans ? jim I sure do . we sing " you be the cream in my coffee . " she laugh . other move in on he . jim ( to numa ) make sure we come back here , now . antoine's restaurant - day ( 1966 ) they enter a busy lunchtime crowd in a elegant eatery . Lou ivon and Al oser be wait for they as they be show to they table by the maitre d' . maitre d' Mr. garrison , we have not see enough of you lately . jim be too busy , Paul - a elect man can not have as much fun as he use to . ( see Lou and Al ) welcome back , Lou . find out anything on that hobo ? Lou 's be wait , excited . he give Jim blowup of the five hobo photograph . lou they take them to the sheriff 's office , not the police station , and they let them go . no record of they ever be question . jim I can not say that come as a surprise anymore . lou a photographer from the Dallas Times Herald get some great shot of they never publish ... the camera move in on the photograph . flashback to the " hobo " be escort to the sheriff 's office - as per sgt. harkness ' earlier description . lou ... take a good look , chief , do any of them look like the hobo you remember ? jim hobo I know of old use to sleep in they clothes - this two look pretty young . lou ... not a single fray collar or cuff , new haircut , fresh shave , clean hand - new shoe leather . look at the ear of the cop ... that 's a wire . what 's a cop wear a headset for ? I think they be actor , chief ; they be not cop . susie Cox arrive . jim who the hell be they , then ! hi , susie , sit down . ( to Lou ) this could be it . let 's start look for them . how ' bout that railroad man , Lee bower ? saw that man at the picket fence ? lou graveyard dead . August this year . ( Jim curse quietly ) a single car accident on a empty road in midlothian , Texas . the doctor say he be in some kind of strange shock when he die . ( pause ) jim ( share the look ) we need to find more witness , Lou . lou there be Rose cheramie . a whore . two cuban throw she out of a car on the way to Dallas . she talk to a cop from a hospital bed two day before the assassination , say Kennedy would be hit that Friday . she say she be a dope runner for Jack Ruby and that Ruby know oswald for year ... jim can we find she ? lou graveyard dead near Big Sandy , Texas in ' 65 . two in the morning on some highway . a hit and run . flashback to Rose lie dead on a empty highway . bill why not go right to the horse 's mouth , chief ? Jack Ruby 's be rotting in a Dallas jail cell for three year . maybe he 's ready to crack ? jim if we go to he we investigation will hit the front page by sunrise . blow up right in we face . Ruby be just give a new trial . if he have something to say , it will be there . susie , what do you find out on oswald ? susie negative on he tax record . classify . first time I know a d.a. can not get a tax record . I put together a list of all the CIA file on oswald that be part of the Warren report and ask for they . there be about 1200 document ... ( give it to Jim who read ) oswald in the ussr , in Mexico City , oswald and the U2 , a CIA 201 personnel file , a memo from the director on oswald , travel and activity - can not get one of they . all classified as secret on the grounds of national security . it 's real strange . bill maybe there 's more to this , susie . the CIA 's keep something from we enemy . susie yes , but we be talk about a dead warehouse employee of no political significance . Three year later and he 's still classified ? they give we he grammar school record , a study of he pubic hair ... put it in context , Bill , of what we know about oswald . Lonely kid , no father , unstable childhood , high school dropout - want to grow up and be a spy , join the Marines at 17 . he learn Russian , he act overtly marxist with two other marine , but he 's station at a top secret base in Japan where U2 spy flight over Russia originate . he 's discharge from the Marines supposedly because he mother 's sick . he stay home 3 day , then with a $ 1500 ticket from a $ 203 bank account , he go to Moscow ... flashback to Moscow in 1959 . we see shot of the city - strange and eerie black - and - white still . Inside the U.S. embassy oswald slap he passport on the table with a formal letter . two consul attend he . oswald ( voice stilted ) I want to renounce my citizenship and become a Soviet citizen . I be go to make know to they all information I have concern the Marine Corps and my specialty therein , radar operation ... susie ( v.o. ) one of the consul , John mcvickar , say oswald 's performance be not spontaneous - it seem coach . oswald give a interview to a journalist . continue the Moscow flashback , we see oswald talk with a female journalist in he small room in the Hotel metropole . again he sound robotic . oswald I will never return to the United States for any reason . it be a capitalist country , a exploitive , racist country . I be a marxist since I be 15 . I have see poor nigger and that be a real lesson . people hate because they be tell to hate , like school kid . it 's the fashion to hate people in the U.S . susie ( v.o. ) the Russians be skeptical - want to send he back . maybe they suspect he 's a spy . he supposedly slashes he wrist in a suicide attempt so that they be force to keep he , and he disappear for six week , presumably with the kgb . we see photo of the city of mink , in Russia , oswald with various friend and tourist , shot of Lee and marina with a new baby . susie finally they shuttle he to a radio factory in mink where he life as high on the hog as he ever have - he 's give 5,000 ruble , a roomy apartment with a balcony , have affair with local girl . jim make sense - he 's a spokesman . susie but he never write , speak , or do any propaganda for the Russians . he meet marina , whose uncle be a colonel in Soviet intelligence , at a trade union dance ; she think he 's Russian the way he speak , six week later they marry , have a daughter . numa do not someone say he do not speak good Russian ? jim it 's a contradiction , numa , get use to they . the only explanation for the royal treatment be he do give they radar secret . or fake secret . we see documentary shot of the U2 on Russian soil ... Francis Gary power ... the summit Conference cancel ... eisenhower and khrushchev . susie ( v.o. ) I do not know if it 's coincidence , but oswald have a top security clearance and know about the U2 program from he day at atsugi Air base in Japan . six month after he arrive in Russia , Francis Gary power ' U2 spy flight go down in Russia . that plane be untouchable . power hint that oswald could have give the Russians enough data to hit it . as a direct result , the peace summit between khrushchev and eisenhower fail . I can not help think of that book Seven day in May , maybe someone in we military do not want the peace Conference to happen , maybe oswald be part of that . it get weirder . bill susie , you be a assistant d.a. , remember . stick to what you can prove in court . susie you want fact , Bill ? okay . from 1945 to ' 59 only two U.S. soldier defect to Russia . from ' 59 to ' 60 , seven defect , six return , one of they another Marine a month before oswald . all of they young man make to seem poor , disenchant . jim do not get sidetracked ! how do he get back to the States ? that 's the point . do he have any problem ? susie none ! the State Department issue he a new passport in 48 hour and loan he the money to travel . he 's never investigate or charge by the navy for revealing classified information or , as far as we know , debrief by the CIA . jim this be a man whose secret cause we to change we radar pattern in the Pacific ! he should have be prosecute as a traitor ! susie the FBI finally get around to talk to he in Dallas and run a file on he as a miscreant Communist type . jim but who meet he when he get off the boat in New York in June ' 62 ? the screen show photo of New York : empty dock ... a ship come in ... Wall Street on a Sunday morning - graphic weegee - type black - and -white still , then a photo of spas T. raikin . susie ( v.o. ) spas T. raikin , a lead member of a anti-communist group . jim ( v.o. ) and marina ? do she have a problem get out ? susie ( v.o. ) none either . it 's bizarre . it 's next to impossible to get Russian sweetheart out . nor do Lee have any problem get a new passport when he want to go to Cuba and Russia in ' 63 . a man who have defect once already . it 's crazy . jim dammit , it do not add up ! ordinary people get blacklist for leftist affiliation ! the State Department do everything short of dispatch a destroyer to mink to insure oswald 's return . only intelligence people can come and go like that . flashback to a forth Worth map factory . we see oswald at work on photo matte with a minox spy camera . the camera show close - up of map and then flash to a hand in the photographic section . we see a close - up of oswald 's head in a photograph - the same headshot that will be superimpose on the oswald photo - and a razor blade cut matte . susie ( v.o. ) the next thing we know he 's live in Dallas / Ft. Worth in October ' 62 work 6 month at jaggar - chile - stovall , a photographic firm that contract to make map for the U.S. Army ... he start work only day before the government reveal Russian missile in Cuba and the crisis explode . oswald may have have access to missile site footage obtain by the U2 plane and work alongside a young man who would be in the Army Security Agency . jim sort of like benedict Arnold come back to George Washington 's cabinet . susie equally incongruous be oswald become chummy with the White Russian community of Dallas - all rabid anti- Communists . flashback to Fort Worth in 1963 . in oswald 's cheap apartment , seven White Russians , include George de mohrenschildt , a distinguished grey-haire man in he late fifty , be visit marina and oswald , bring old dress , grocery , and toy and milk for the cry baby , whose cradle be two suitcase . susie his close friend be a oilman name George de mohrenschildt who 's about 35 year older than oswald , who 's only 23 and supposedly break . De mohrenschildt be a member of the Dallas Petroleum Club , speak five language and be in french Vichy Intelligence during the War . also rumoure to have be a Nazi sympathizer and member of the " solidarist " , a international anti- Communist organization with many Eastern european and ex -nazis , many of they bring here by the CIA after the war , many of they involved in oil and munition interest in Dallas and the Southwest . you figure it . al where would you get all this Nazi stuff ? susie ( hand he a file ) read it . they call it " Project paperclip . " jim ( v.o. ) this be the guy that keep turn up in colonial country and each time something strange happen . coup d'etat , president overthrown . he show up on a " walk tour " of Guatemala 's Cuban invasion camp just before the Bay of Pigs invasion . if we do not know he 's CIA , let 's circle he very probable - oswald 's handler . we see oswald and de mohrenschildt talk with the other and a magazine cover with j.f.k. the subject of discussion . oswald I think he 's make some mistake on Cuba , but he 's do a pretty good job . if he succeed , in my opinion , he will be a great President . and a really attractive one too - open feature , great head of hair ... ( laugh ) susie ( v.o. ) De mohrenschildt draw a picture of oswald as a intellectual , well read , speak excellent Russian , a man who adore j.f.k . jim that 's scenery . do not get sidetracked . this be the man , bottom line , who nail oswald to the Warren Commission as a potentially violent man , and link he to the rifle . time CUT to oswald 's apartment on a different day in 1963 . George de mohrenschildt point out a mannlicher - carcano rifle in the closet , turn to Lee . GEORGE so , Lee , what be you take a potshot at this week - rabbit or fascist ? Lee 's look be sickly . he freeze up . resume scene of White Russian gather in oswald 's apartment . susie the only Russian that suspect oswald of still be a Communist be Anna meller . but she Russian friend tell she " he 's check " with the local FBI and be tell oswald be all right . Anna meller , one of the guest , glance at a copy of das kapital in a pile of book , and talk to another Russian man about it ... talk now to Lee and marina be Janet and Bill Williams , a mid - american couple in they late twenty , freshly mint . susie the oswald be introduce by George de mohrenschildt to Janet and Bill Williams . it 's through Janet Williams in October ' 63 that Lee get the warehouse job , right smack on elm Street at the Book depository , which be own by another oilman with tie to defense and military intelligence . jim ( v.o. ) presumably so he can now exercise he intellect stack school text at $ 1.25 a hour . we see oswald and another man in the Texas School Book depository in 1963 . they be haul and stack school textbooks - a obviously lower - level job for oswald after the map factory . we cut ahead to empty graphic of the seal off area , the window site , the cafeteria . susie ( v.o. ) all I can find out about the Williams ' be they tax return be classified and that Bill Williams , a descendant of the cabot of Massachusetts , have link through he family and United fruit to the CIA and do classified work for Bell helicopter which require a security clearance - so what be oswald , a defector , do visit he wife in he house ? Williams have a relationship at Bell with General walter dornberger , another one of the Nazis we bring in after the War for we missile program . he use slave labor to build the V -2 rocket for Hitler before Bell need he . jim I wonder about the Williams ' . just where do the first description of oswald come from at 12:44 ? no one know . they claim it be brennan 's , but he description come after 1 p.m. who call ? somehow the FBI 's be tapping the Williams ' and pick up a call between Bell helicopter and Janet 's phone , a unidentified voice say " we both know who 's responsible . " who call ? why 's the Bureau be tapping they ? we see the interior of the Williams ' home in Irving on a day in 1963 . susie ( v.o. ) his wife , Janet Williams , study Russian in college and she father work for the Agency for International development , which work hand in hand with the CIA . she suddenly become marina 's best friend . marina fight often with Lee about many thing - he secrecy , the lack of money . she say Lee be not sexually adequate . Lee hit she on several occasion . Bill Williams ' convenient separation from Janet allow Janet to invite marina to move into she house in Irving . there marina and Lee have a second daughter - while Lee , now 24 , store he belonging in Janet 's garage and rent a small room in Dallas under a alias of " o.h. Lee " . we see marina and oswald in bed at night in the Williams ' house , in a tender scene . oswald say goodbye to he child . time CUT to oswald live in a board house . it be at night , and he sit in he room alone . the housekeeper , earlene Roberts , heavyset , white , in she 60' , come in and ask he if he want to watch some tv with she . he decline . susie when he 's arrest , marina bury he with the public . her description of he be that of a psychotic and violent man . flashback to marina on tv , a different person from before . marina I do not want to believe , but I have too much fact .. tell I that Lee shot Kennedy . jim ( v.o. ) yeah , after , they take she to six flag Inn in Arlington , prepare she for the interview , teach she how she should answer - and after two month and 46 interview , she have a nervous breakdown . ( flashback ) oswald be no angel , that 's clear , but who be he ? back to antoine 's Restaurant . bill I be lose , boss . what be we say here ? jim we be say that when oswald go to Russia , he be not a real defector , that he be a intelligence agent on some kind of mission for we government and he remain one till the day he die , that 's what we be say . bill and therefore because oswald pull the trigger , the intelligence community murder they own commander in chief . that 's what you be say ! jim I will go you one better ! maybe oswald do not even pull the trigger , Bill . the nitrate test indicate he do not even fire a rifle on November 22nd . and on top of that , they do not even bother to check if the rifle have be fire that day . bill he have he palm print on the weapon . jim it go to the goddamn FBI and they do not find a goddamn thing . it come back a week later and one guy in the Dallas police department suddenly find a palm print which for all I know he could have take off oswald at the morgue . there 's no chain of evidence , Bill . and what about the tow gun actually see in the depository ? one a enfield photograph by a newsman and the other a mauser , describe by deputy weitzman ... maybe , just maybe , Lee oswald be exactly what he say he be Bill - " a patsy " . take it at face value . Lou , susie , I be go with my gut here . he 's get a alias of hidell to buy the rifle , " o.h. Lee " to rent the room , right ? what 's in a name , right ? in intelligence , they be assume to be fake . a name be sort of like a postbox number , a code - several different people can use the same name , right ? then why can not somebody be use oswald 's name ? we see blank face around the table . bill but why ? jim to frame he , obviously . you get to get in you mind how the hell spook think , Bill ! they be not ordinary crook . lou I never could figure out why this guy order a traceable weapon to that post office box when you can go into any store in Texas , give a phony name and walk out with a cheap rifle which can never be trace . jim unless he or someone else want he to get catch . maybe he never order the weapon , Lou . somebody else do . it be pick up at the post office early morning when oswald 's time sheet show he clocked in at he job . Lou , come alive . this thing be not add up . bill I still have to question what the legal basis be that support this , boss . susie 's stuff be colorful , but ... jim let 's start make some assumption about the man . why would he leave a path as big as Lee harvey oswald 's ? this be not a thin trail , gentleman , it be a very wide one . who find the evidence ? who set he up ? Lou , Bill , susie , I want you to go back and check all the sighting of oswald in Dallas , New Orleans and Mexico in the summer and fall of ' 63 - see if it 's the same guy . al boss , oswald impersonator ? sound like James bond now . jim Al , you can not tell a mink from a coonskin unless you see the fur up close . goddamn , Sam ! if we do not start read between the line here ! y'all gotta start think on a different level - like the CIA do . we be through the look glass . here white be black and black be white . bill what do you think , Lou ? lou I be just a investigator , Bill . I leave the theory to you lawyer . bill you , numa ? numa a week ago I would have say this be nut , but now ... ( shake he head ) there 's a lot of smoke there , but there 's some fire . bill now you guy , come on . you be talk about the United States government here ! jim we be talk about a crime , Bill . no one be above the law . reduce it . a crime be commit . let 's get to work . medical unit - jail - day ( 1966 ) Jack Ruby , thick fudge of a angry face , flu-ridd , confront a doctor and two guard in he cell . ruby Christ , what the hell kinda needle be that ? I just get a cold for chrissake . I do not want any shot ! doctor please relax , Mr. Ruby . this will calm you down and clear this up . ruby Doc , I be tell you , I do not need any shot . doctor Mr. Ruby , I do not want to involve the guard . it will just take a few second . Ruby look over at the two guard , who eye he . the Doctor give he the injection . flashback to Ruby 's jail cell in 1964 . Ruby talk to man with they back to we . lawyer and police clutter the cell , make Ruby hyper -nervous . the chief official 's white hair and avuncular voice be all we see and hear of he ; he back be to we . ruby then do you understand that I can not tell the truth here ? in Dallas . that there be people here who do not want I to tell the truth ... who do not want I to have a retrial ? official Mr. Ruby , I really can not see why you can not tell we now . Ruby catch the stern face of sheriff Bill decker from the corner of he eye , the Assistant d.a. next to he . ruby when be you go back to Washington , sir ? official ( look at watch ) I be go back very shortly after we finish this hearing - I be go to have some lunch . ruby can I make a statement ? if you request I to go back to Washington with you right now , that be if you want to hear further testimony from I , can you do that ? can you take I with you ? official no , that could not be do , Mr. Ruby . there be a good many thing involved in that . ruby what be they ? official well , the public attention it would attract . and we have no place for you there to be safe , we be not law enforcement official , and many thing be at stake in this affair , Mr. Ruby . ruby but if I be eliminate there will not be any way of know . consequently a whole new form of government be go to take over this country , and I know I will not live to see you another time . my life be in danger here . do I sound screwy ? official well I do not know what can be do , Mr. Ruby , because I do not know what you anticipate we will encounter . ruby then you do not stand a chance , Mr. Chief justice , you have a lose cause . all I want be a lie detector test , and you refuse to give it to I . because as it stand now - and the truth serum - how do you pronounce it - pentothal - whatever it be . they will not give it to I , because I want to tell the truth ... and then I want to leave this world . the camera pause on Ruby 's face . the man rise and leave in the shadow . parkland memorial hospital - ( 1967 ) Jack Ruby be escort out of the infirmary , dead of cancer . broussard's restaurant - new orlean - ( 1967 ) the puffy , smile face of Dean andrew , frame by huge black glass , talk in a Louisiana hippie argot of the 50' . the restaurant have a fancy french decor , mirrore wall , marble - it serve the cream of Louisiana society . andrews why you keep dance on my head for , my man ? we be thicker and molass pie since law school . jim because you keep con I , Dean . I read you testimony to the Warren Commission and ... andrews there you go . grain of salt . two side to every coin . jim you tell they the day after the assassination you be call on the phone by this " clay Bertrand " and ask to fly to Dallas and be Lee oswald 's layer . andrews right . jim now that 's pretty important , Dean . you also tell the FBI when you meet he , he be six foot two . then you tell the Commission he be five foot eight . how the hell do the man shrink like that , Dean ? andrews they put the heat on , my man , just like you be do . I give them anything that pop into my cabeza . Truth be , I never meet the dude . sudden flashback to andrew ' office on a day in 1963 . clay Bertrand sit , back to we , talk to andrew . he have close - cropped white hair . he be the same patrician man we have see earlier with oswald on Canal Street and in banister 's office . andrew be evidently lie . andrews I do not know what the cat look like and furthermore I do not know where he 's at . all I know be sometimes he send I case . so one day he 's on the phone talkin ' to I about go to Dallas and repping oswald ... ( notice a woman , in present ) hey , pipe the bimbo in red . what ever happen to that little gal you be dating in the Quarter - from opelousas , y'know , elevator do not go to the top floor but tit could smother gumbo with . Jim , in present , look briefly - a pretty girl walk in . jim ( remember ) yeah , she be pretty , all right , but not half as cute as you , deano . you shoulda try a legitimate line of business . andrews ( chuckle ) you can not ever say crime do not pay in Louisiana , Jim - only not as good as it use to . good chowder , be not it ? jim when do you first do business with this Bertrand ? andrews ( bored ) oh , I first hear this street cat jiving about he back in ' 56 , ' 57 when I live down in the Quarter . jim Street cat ? andrews swish . they swish , y'know . Young fag , you know . they would come into my bureau need help , no bread , and I would say , hey man , I be not rockefeller , who gonna back you up ? this cornmuffin go to the phone and dial ... flashback to andrew ' office on another day in 1963 . we catch a glimpse of a young swish sit in Andrew 's office talk on the phone . andrew be also on the phone to Bertrand , unseen , on the other end . andrews the dude on the other end say ... clay bertrand I be clay Bertrand . whatever they owe , I guarantee . andrews hey , suit I fine , daddy warbuck - how do I get in touch with you ? clay bertrand I be around . andrews ( v.o. ) and that 's how I first hear of clay Bertrand . jim ( v.o. ) what be he voice like ? andrews you know you be not talk to some low life fag , you know . he have command of the king 's English . jim do he pay ? andrews always - like tit on a pig . I wish I have a million of that bimbett . jim and oswald ? andrews ( just a slight hesitation ) like I tell to the Washington boy , Bertrand call that summer and ask I to help the kid upgrade he Marine discharge ... jim so you see oswald how many time ? andrews Three , four . he come in with a few cubano swishes one time I remember ... flashback to a third day at Andrew 's office in 1963 . oswald be in the office with two young boy . jim ( v.o. ) recall any name ? andrews ( in present ) mario , Jose - they wear name like you and I wear clothes . today the name be candy , tomorrow it 's butsie . I wish I could help you , Jim . jim do you speak to oswald in Dallas ? andrews ( knee-jerk reaction ) Hell , no ! I tell this Bertrand cat right off , this be not my scene , man . I deal with muni court , I be a hack in nigger town , that kid need a hot dog . jim then how the hell do you get in the Warren Commission , Dean ? except through the phone record in the Dallas jail ? andrews ( nervous moment ) there be no phone record . jim of course there be not . ' Cause they disappear . and yet the Commission find you , Dean . andrews I do not know how they get to I . maybe cause I rep he here . the feebee run background check . on my mama 's breast , man , that 's all I get . ( pause , adjust ) there be not no conspiracy , Jim . if there be , why the hell do not Bobby Kennedy prosecute it as Attorney General , he be he brother for chrissake . how the fuck three people could keep a secret like that , I do not know . it be oswald . he be a nut job . faggot , y'know , hate this country . as andrew resume eat he crabmeat louie with gusto , Jim reach over and grab the fork in mid-air . jim Dean , I think we be have a communication problem . I know you know who clay Bertrand be . now stop eat that damn crabmeat for a minute and listen . ( get Dean 's attention ) I be aware of we long friendship , but I want you to know I be go to call you in front of a grand jury . I take nine judge on , deano , right here in New Orleans , and I beat them all . if you lie to the grand jury as you have be lie to I , I be go to charge you with perjury . now , be I communicate with you ? andrew put down the fork , shake , silent for a moment . andrews be this off the record , daddy -o ? ( Jim nod ) in that case , let I sum it up for you real quick . if I answer that question you keep ask I , if I give you the name of the " Big enchilada " , y'know , then it 's bon voyage , deano - I mean like permanent . I mean like a bullet in my head . you dig ? do that help you see my problem a little better ? you be a mouse fight a gorilla . Kennedy 's dead as that crab meat . the government 's still breathe . you want to line up with a dead man ? at a nearby table , a waiter have just pour brandy on crepe suzettes . a blue flame hover in the air as Jim lean forward across the table , speak deliberately . jim read my lip , deano . either you dance into the Grand jury with the real identity of clay Bertrand or you fat behind be go to the slammer . do you dig I ? andrew stand suddenly . andrews you be just as crazy as you mama . go to show it 's in the gene ! do you have any idea what you be get into , my man ? you think Jack Ruby just up and die of cancer in four week after he get a retrial ? that 's some kinda new cancer - I would say that 's a " go out of business cancer " . you get the right ta- to , but the wrong ho -ho . the government 's gonna jump all over you head , jimbo , and go " cock -a-doodledoo ! " andrew drop he pink napkin in the crabmeat and waddle out . Jim now feel closer to the truth than ever . angola prison - louisiana countryside - ( 1967 ) from the point of view of a approach car , the prison loom over the swamp , dog patrol the wire . voice ( v.o. ) District Attorney garrison to see prisoner 5388 , Ward block 237b . guard voice ( v.o. ) send he on in . prison dormitory - ( 1967 ) a chief guard walk Jim and Bill into a circus-like atmosphere . in Louisiana the prisoner can wear any outfit they choose , which make this prison look like mardi gras . there be many transvestite . guard ( with evident pride ) ... we do not need no gate out there , sir , we get the " swamp " . many of them go in there but none come out ... hey , Willie ! Willie o' keefe , a handsome , muscle , young chickenhawk with a earring , bandana , colorful clothes , a aura of burn truth in he intense , stare brown eye and thick country accent , sashays over . guard you get some company , want to talk wid you . you behave now , boy , y'hear . timecut to the prison work area , where Willie talk , lean against a tree look out on a mangrove swamp . it 's lunch break and other prisoner move in the background , eat , socialize . jim I want to thank you , Mr. o' keefe , for this time . o'keefe call I Willie . I be not get nuthin ' but time , Mr. garrison . Minutes , hour , day , year of them . time just stand still here like a snake sunnin ' itself in the road ... bill clay Bertrand , Willie ? o'keefe yeah . clay . I meet he sometime in June of ' 62 at the masquerade bar . Dave ferrie take I there , for the express reason to meet he . jim for sexual purpose ? o'keefe well ... yeah . flashback to the masquerade bar in the french Quarter . it 's nighttime and ferrie , Bertrand and o' keefe sit at a back booth . Bertrand , as see earlier , be a impose , white - haire patrician man , over six foot tall , heavily define bone and eyelid , in he late 40' or early 50' . bill ( v.o. ) do he pay you for this ? o'keefe ( v.o. ) twenty dollar each time . Hell , it 's no secret . that 's what I be here for . they rise to leave . Bertrand with a slight limp . jim ( v.o. ) anything else unusual about he you would be able to describe in a court of law , Willie ? o'keefe ( v.o. ) I remember he have some kinda thing wrong with he leave leg . he limped . do not get I wrong , he 's not one of that , you know , limp wrist . he 's a butch John . you would meet he on the street , you would never snap . you could go fishing with he , play poker with he , you would never snap in a million year . so one night we be over at ferrie 's place . have a party . sometime in the late summer of ' 63 . flashback to Dave ferrie 's apartment on a night in 1963 . the place be fill messy bricabrac , include two dozen mouse cage for ferrie 's cancer experiment . ferrie , Bertrand , o' keefe , and four cuban in battle fatigue be laugh and fool around . oswald be in a corner clean a . 22 rifle with a scope on it . he look different , unkempt , unshaven . a record player grind out a speech in Spanish by castro . some other people be there as well - it 's a beatnik scene : sandal , hang out , only one woman . ferrie be take picture throughout of the group horsing around , photograph oswald . o'keefe ... there be about nine or ten people , cuban , friend of Dave do some stuff in the bush with he . place be a mess . Dave 's mind be a mess , ( laugh ) y'know he have all that mouse cage around cause he 's work on this cure for cancer ... Dave 's smart - real smart - speak five language , know philosophy , medicine , military history , politics . he want to be a priest but they defrock he ' cause he be queer ... bill ( v.o. ) and that 's where you meet oswald for the first time ? o'keefe ( v.o. ) yeah , strange guy . Dave introduce he as ... ferrie Willie , say hello to Leon oswald . o'keefe ( over the racket ) how ya do ? oswald ( sullen , to ferrie ) what the fuck 's he do here ? o'keefe fuck you , man . ferrie separate they . oswald seem to resent a outsider be there . ferrie ( to o' keefe ) Leon 's in a bad mood , do not get excited , he 's all right . jim ( v.o. ) would you say this " Leon " be actually Lee harvey oswald ? o'keefe ( in present ) fuck , yes . Hell , I be already in jail . I get no reason to lie to you . I be not no nigger . bill go on , Willie . o'keefe ( present merge to past ) ... well the party get crazier and crazier , one of that , y'know " beatnik " type thing . ferrie ( to o' keefe ) we be have a little meeting here . ( indicate the second player ) that 's castro . sound like Hitler do not he ? sonofabitch be go to go . Real soon . cuban muerte a fidel ! muerte ! bertrand ( irritate at the noise ) oh , stop it already ! what be all this people do here anyway ? I can not bear all this infernal noise . ferrie Clara , do not be so sensitive . bertrand I do not come here for a pep rally . get all this riffraff out of here . ferrie okay , okay . timecut to later that night , when only o' keefe , ferrie , Bertrand , oswald and three cuban be leave . o'keefe ( v.o. ) ... finally they get out of there and I find myself alone with Dave and this Leon , two of the cuban , and this guy Bertrand . Dave pull out he clipping which he be always carry around . he would be obsessed with castro and Kennedy for month and he start in again ... ferrie ( wave a clipping , drunk ) Kennedy fuck we in ' 61 , ' 62 , and he 's fuckin ' we now ! and that fuckin ' zealot Bobby Kennedy be the fuckee ! the nerve of that little asswipe close the camp . take all we C - 4 ! take ten thousand round , 3,000 pound of gunpowder , all we weapon . next we will be live in a world where only the cocksucke reds will have all the weapon and we will be surround . if we want a free Cuba , we gotta whack out the fuck beard . cuban that faggot Kennedy will not let we . we hand be empty - how can we kill he ? bertrand ( move with a drink , walk with a slight limp ) it 's a real problem get at he . castro 's get informer on every block . ferrie ( point to a map of Cuba on the wall ) bullshit ! there 's all kind of new stuff . I hear about rocket in a umbrella - they be test at Fort Detrick ? I can show you a dozen poison . stick it in he food , he will die in three day , no trace . we can put something in he beard , make it fall out , he will look fuckin ' ridiculous without he beard . cuban ( drunk ) why do not we just take care of the main problem ? which be that piece of shit Kennedy . he 's do all kind of deal ! kiss khrushchev 's ass . I would not even call he President Kennedy . o'keefe ( v.o. ) ... then the cuban leave and the bullshit be go on , Dave be drunk , really drunk and he start in with Kennedy again . ferrie see , what Kennedy do , with he you should take a knife and stab and kill the fucker where he be now . I mean it . this be true . but I tell you something . I hope I get a week 's notice . I will kill . right in the fuckin' White House . somebody 's get to get rid of this fucker . oswald look up , listen quietly . o'keefe oh , c'mon , Dave , you be never gonna get that sonofabitch . ferrie no ? it will not be long , mark my word . that fucker will get what 's come to he . and it can be blame on castro . then the whole country will want to invade Cuba . all we get to do be get Kennedy in the open . Bertrand with he arm around o' keefe , laugh , try to change the subject . bertrand David , David , always some harebrain scheme or another ... oh ? what do I see here ? oooooh , let 's have some more champagne , shall we ! o'keefe ( interested in ferrie 's proposal ) what about the secret service , the cop ? ferrie ( pace , hyper ) no problem if it 's plan right . look how close they get with de gaulle . eisenhower be always riding around in a open top . I know somebody who actually go up and touch eisenhower once . we need to have three mechanic at three different location . a office building with a high - power rifle . triangulation of crossfire be the key . you get the diversionary shot get the secret service look one way - boom ! you get the kill shot . the crucial thing be one man have to be sacrifice , then in the commotion of the crowd the job get do and the other fly out of the country to someplace with no extradition . I could do that myself . I could fly to Mexico , and then Brazil . oswald listen , play with he rifle . Bertrand suddenly turn cold , flash a look at ferrie . bertrand why do not we drop this subject ... it 's one thing to engage in badinage with this youngster , but this sort of thing could be so easily misunderstand . ( he squeeze ferrie ) ferrie ouch ! o'keefe ( v.o. ) I do not think much about it at the time . just bullshit , y'know , everybody like to make themselves out to be something more than they be . specially in the homosexual underworld . but then when they get he ( merge to the present ) I get real scared , y'know . Real scared . and that 's when I get pop . back to the prison work area . Jim and o' keefe continue talk . jim Willie , be you willing to repeat you statement under sodium pentothal ? under the supervision of a doctor ? o'keefe fuck , yeah ! I tell you so . and you can tell them all I tell you so . jim you realize the thing you be say , Willie , be go to be attack by a lot of different people . o'keefe bring on all the motherfucker ! bring they college degree in here ! I get nuthin ' to hide . they can not buy I . you can not buy I . I do not even need the parole . this be about the truth come out . you be a goddamn liberal , Mr. garrison , you do not know shit , cause you never be fuck in the ass . fascism be here now , facism be ... jim no one 's try to buy you , Willie . it 's important to know why you be tell we this . o'keefe ( pause ) you wanna know why ? ' Cause that mother fucker Kennedy steal that fuckin ' election , that 's why ! Nixon be gonna be one of the great president ' till Kennedy wreck this fuckin ' country . get nigger all over the fuckin ' place ask for they rights , where do you think we get all this fuckin ' crime now , ' cause Kennedy promise them too damned much . Revolution comin ' . fascism 's come back . I tell ya this - the day that Communist sumbitch die be a great day for this country . I jes ' hate to think they be blame it on some silly fuckin' oswald who do not know shit anyway . people should know why that sumbitch be kill . ' Cause he be a Communist . put I on the stand , go ahead , I will tell the same goddamn story , I be proud of it , do not matter fuck all to I , thing do not change . as he talk , Jim share a sicken look with Bill . whatever truth he may be tell be necessarily compromise by a attitude that could be destroy in court . garrison home - night ( 1967 ) Jim , Lou , Al , susie , and numa sit around the table have a after hour conference . the kid run in and out of the room , play . susie be do the talk , show new paperwork and photo . susie you hunch be right , boss , but it 's even spookier than we think . start in September ' 63 on , two month before the assassination , there be sighting of oswald all over Dallas , buy ammunition , get a telescopic sight fix , go to rifle range ... early November , a Dallas downtown lincoln - mercury dealership where he tell the salesman Albert bogard ... flashback to the lincoln - mercury dealership . oswald be deliberately keep in half or three quarter shot - a mystery figure . he kick the tire on a use red mercury comet , cocky . " oswald " let 's take it out for a test drive . the salesman , bogard , be hesitant . " oswald " do not look like he 's get a dime to he name . " oswald " ( sensing bogard hesitancy ) hey , I get a lotta money come in the next two week . in the next scene we see the car , drive by " oswald " , zoom up the ramp and disappear onto the freeway . susie ( v.o. ) ... despite the fact he have no license and from what marina say , do not know how to drive , he hit the curve like mario andretti at the indy 500 . bogard later tell he boss he drive " like a madman . " resume the scene at the dealership . bogard Three hundred buck down , Mr. oswald , you can drive outta here with it . " oswald " , unhappy , start to leave . " oswald " who you kid ! for this heap ? forget it ... no honest work man can afford a car anymore in the goddamn country ! maybe I will have to go back to Russia to buy a car ... susie ( v.o. ) ... really dumb dialogue like he 's try to draw attention to himself . a real moron . he walk out . the salesman remember he as about 5 '7 " , but we know from he draft card he be about 5 ' 11 " ... lou ... several witness see he on several separate day at different fire range . flashback to a Dallas fire range in 1963 . lou ... one time , November 9 , he decide he need to practice on the target of the guy next to he . say something really dumb to the guy , who say oswald be a great shot . man hey , watcha do , boy ... that 's my target . " oswald " hey , sorry , buddy . I just think it be that sonofabitch Kennedy , y'know . I could not help myself . ( laugh ) jim ( in present ) ... about as subtle as a cockroach crawl across a white rug . susie I will go you one better , Lou . he show up at silvia odio 's , a Cuban lady in Dallas work in the anti- castro underground - remember that name , a solid witness . the two cuban introduce he as " Leon oswald " . flashback to the corridor of silvia odio 's apartment in Dallas on a night in 1963 . oswald drag behind two cuban - one be " the bull " , heavyset with a scar over he leave eye , who we see at the Canal Street incident , and the other , " the indian " , be quiet and cold . the man ring the doorbell and talk to a concerned silvia as oswald hang back , watch , in the shadow . the man give she intimate information about she father , who be imprison in Cuba . the man chatter ad lib in Spanish . susie ... the cuban want silvia , whose parent be political prisoner in Cuba , to help they raise money to assassinate castro . something about the man bother she . she tell they she do not want anything to do with violence ... about 48 hour later one of the cuban call she back ... we see a shot of silvia on the phone in she apartment intercut with a shot of " the bull " in a gas station phone booth , on a night in 1963 . the bull ( on the phone , in Spanish ) this guy Leon oswald 's great , he 's kinda nut ... he tell we we do not any gut , we cuban , cause Kennedy should have be whacked after the Bay of Pigs , and some cuban should have do that , it 's easy to do , he say - you know he 's a Marine , a expert shooter ... silvia odio be surprised to hear this information volunteer . " the bull 's " eye be on " oswaldo " , outside the booth with " the indian " . they be hang out , talk to a mystery man , a anglo . susie it 's like he 's give she information she do not even ask for . she 's scared , do not see they again till she see oswald 's picture in the paper . but the Warren Commission say she have bad eyesight because they have oswald in Mexico at this time , try to get back into Cuba . the cuban think he 's a double agent so they will not take he . the CIA have a camera outside the Cuban embassy and say this be oswald in Mexico . ( hand over a picture ) you figure it . Jim look at the famous photo ... the camera close in on a heavyset man who look nothing like oswald . Liz have come back in and overhear . al if this be oswald , it must be we third oswald . jim the interesting thing be the extent to which the Warren Commission go to make he a Communist . they get almost 150 page and 130 exhibit of the report on this Mexico trip and the picture do not even match . I be beginning to think the point of the mexican episode be to lay the blame at castro 's door . if oswald , or someone purport to be oswald , have get into Cuba , come back , then kill the President , the american public once again would have scream for a Cuban invasion ... susie pick up the famous life magazine cover shot of oswald hold a rifle in he backyard . susie I even have doubt about this photo , boss . it pretty much convict oswald in the public mind . well , accord to Captain fritz , oswald tell he during he interrogation the photo be fake . flashback to the Dallas homicide Office in 1963 . oswald be be interrogate by will fritz , Dallas homicide Chief , who show he the original of the photo from the Williams garage . oswald that 's not I . fritz it come from Janet William 's garage . oswald well , I never see that picture . it be my face , but my face have be super-imposed - the rest of the picture be not I at all . I have do a lot of photographic work , and that picture be make by someone else . fritz so who the hell be you ? Alex hidell or oswald ? oswald well , you be the policeman , you work it out . susie ( in the present ) oswald , who work for jaggar - chile - stovall , do know spy photography pretty well . I take this picture to two expert . look at the way the shadow on the nose fall in a straight line like it 's high noon . but the shadow here on the ground read like late afternoon or early morning . it 's not the same time . also look at the crop mark across the chin . it seem like he head be paste on somebody else 's body implicate he with this rifle and gun . we see a blowup of the photo - the shadow , the crop mark . susie and of the two newspaper in he hand , one be leninist , the other trotskyite . any genuine Socialist would know they hate each other 's politics ! french quarter - same night ( 1967 ) broussard walk past a jazz wake leave the cemetery - black flambeur carry torch , people sing " when the Saints go march in " . Bill be with a local gambler type . mobster clay Bertrand ? sure I know he . he come around the Quarter . bill who be he , Joe ? I have be to every bar , no one want to talk . mobster I tell you uncle I never meet a lawman who be not a punk . you too , Bill , even if you be family . he 's a big shot businessman . I see he on the tv news a lot with all the other big shot . a fag , you know . go by another name down here . bill ( excited ) what 's the other name ? mobster Shaw . clay Shaw . bill ( stunne ) clay Bertrand be clay Shaw ? the guy who use to run the International Trade Mart ? mobster yeah , what 's the big mystery ? everybody down here know the guy . bill so why do he call himself Bertrand ? mobster who give a shit what he call himself ? back at garrison' home -( 1967 ) susie ... now it get positively spooky . in January , 1961 - in New Orleans , at the bolton Ford dealership - when the oswald we know be in Russia - there be a man use the name " oswald " to buy truck for the Friends of Democratic Cuba . the salesman never see he again , but guess who 's on the article of incorporation of the Friends of Democratic Cuba ? guy banister . ( reaction from the other ) banister have someone use the name " oswald " to buy the truck . Hoover , at the FBI , write a memo date June , 1960 , that there could be someone use oswald 's passport and identity . jim goddamn ! they put oswald together from Day one ! like some dummy corporation in the Bahamas - you just move he around a board . send he to Russia , in and out , no passport problem . you get the word " microdot " in he notebook , you get the minox camera and the electronic device they find in he possession , the seal diz201 personnel file . for all we know , there could be a dozen oswald in different city , country - all of they leave a trail of incriminate evidence that could easily be trace to a scapegoat after the assassination . do the real oswald know he 's be put together ? who know . it do not matter , do it ? he 's a low level spy , he do not know who he really work for ... ( pause ) let 's call it a night . ( to Lou ) anything new on Ruby ? the staff member , anxious to go home , have all rise ... and now sigh . lou mobbed up all the way . tight with the Dallas cop . I be digging , chief . I just need 10 more man and some more dollar . jim I know you do , Lou . I be do three more lecture this month . you be all do a incredible job , Sue , Al , numa . but this be one where if you do not nail the other guy , you be dead . ( he pull a book from the bookcase for Lou ) how do Jack Ruby die so quick ? of what ? Cancer , right ? a history of Nazi Germany , Lou . they be study viral cancer as a weapon in the 30' . we learn a lot more than you think from the Nazis . read this . we biological warfare lab be in Fort Detrick , maryland . Close to where the National Cancer Institute be locate . think about it . think the unthinkable - question everything . numa even my own wife , chief , ( look at he watch ) who 's wonder where I be ? jim ( look at Liz ) even you own wife , numa . any of you want to quit , do I a favor ... put we out of we misery . they all raise they hand as Bill walk in , excited . bill I fould clay Bertrand . they all stop , look . susie who ? bill grab you sock and pull ... clay Bertrand be clay Shaw ... susie ( stunne ) no !... Shaw ! director of the Trade Mart ? this be incredible . numa pillar of the community by day , gay bar at night . Liz garrison be the most shake , as she pour a fresh pot of coffee . jim can you get some swear statement ? bill that 's gonna be tough . nobody 's talk . jim I think we should have he in for a little talk . liz do you have any evidence against he , Jim ? clay Shaw 's do so much for the city with all that restoration in the Quarter . he 's well connect , all he friend , the money , people , be careful , Jim . jim it will be off the record , honey . I will bring he in on a Sunday . a quiet little chat between gentleman . Liz walk out of the room silent . there be a tense pause . garrison' live room - easter sunday ( 1967 ) the tv be on to the latest Vietnam report - combat footage . newsman 10 ( announcer ) in heavy fight in Vietnam today , seven more american soldier die and 23 be wounded . the body count for this week now stand at 67 Americans and 626 enemy soldier kill in action . Liz play with the kid look for Easter egg . the dog be bark - it 's a scene of commotion . Jim be get ready to go out . liz Jim , come on , honey , get down on you hand and knee and hunt for jasper 's Easter egg . jim you know I do not like this tribal ritual , freckle face . I be interview clay Shaw this morning . newsman 10 ( as tv cut to President Johnson ) President Johnson , meanwhile at a informal press conference , say he regret that there be no end in sight to the war in Vietnam , where 500,000 american troops be now fight . " we face more cost , more loss , and more agony . " in he proposal to raise tax , Johnson ... liz ( surprised ) but Jim , we be go to antoine 's with the kid - like we do every year . jim no . I tell you I be go to talk to Shaw . liz but why in the Lord 's name would you do it in the middle of Easter Sunday when you know we be ... jim ( annoyed with she look ) because when I schedule it I do not realize it be a holiday . you be there , why do not you say something ? liz look at the calendar , for Christ 's sake . you say a Sunday , not Easter Sunday . jim I be sorry , but it 's important . clay Shaw be important . I be sorry . liz you be miss most of you life , Jim , and you do not even know it . the kid be miss out too . ( harder ) it 's not just you make the sacrifice here , honey . jim look , I will rush and be there by two , I promise . go ahead without I . as he leave , the camera hold on Liz . garrison office - ( 1967 ) clay Shaw ( " Bertrand " ) , in a elegant white summer suit , be show in . indeed , there be a slight limp to he gait which Jim notice right away . he share a look with Bill . susie be also in the room . Shaw 's rich bassoon voice drip with dialect . imperiously smoking a gaulois , Shaw have about he a air of authority match only by Jim 's . clay shaw Mr. garrison - what can I do for you on Easter Sunday ? jim I be sorry , Mr. Shaw , to interrupt this holiday , but I feel this be a conversation we might better have out of the everyday bustle in this office ... shaw ( sit ) I be not sure I understand . jim ( bring some papers forward ) well ... in a investigation we be conduct you name have come up a number of time . shaw I would not imagine where . jim we recently talk to a number of man who claim to know you . be you acquainted with a David Logan ? shaw no. never hear of he . jim a perry russo ? shaw no . jim a Willie o' keefe ? shaw no , I do not believe I know anyone by that name . jim Mr. o' keefe tell we he meet you at the masquerade bar down in the Quarter and several evening later you have he over for dinner at you apartment on dauphine Street . do you recall that ? flashback to clay 's dauphine Street residence , in the Quarter , at night in 1962 . the butler open the door and o' keefe be admit to the townhouse . Shaw appear behind the butler . shaw ( v.o. ) ( in present ) of course not . I do not know this man . obviously then , I would not have he to dinner . incidentally , I do not live in a apartment . it 's a 1860 's house build by gallier . I have restore it faithfully . you know I be quite a advocate of restoration . at Shaw 's house , dinner be serve at a long table by the black butler . the table be decorate by a sumptuous set of silver and candelabra . Shaw use a bell to summon the butler . jim ( v.o. ) perhaps a few more detail about the evening will refresh you memory . Mr. o' keefe tell we dinner be serve by a uniform waiter - a color man . he particularly remember that you sit at one end and he at the other - which he find rather unusual because the table be so long . do that bring back memory of Willie o'keefe ? shaw ( in present ) not at all . but on the other hand , I do have a lovely chippendale dining table and I often have a friend over sit at one end while I sit at the other . that be precisely the point of a long dining table . the splendor of the meal add to the enjoyment of it . jim I would imagine a uniform waiter help . shaw it add a taste of elegance for which I must confess a weakness for now and then . I call he smedley . his real name be frankie Jenkins - but I could hardly imagine anything more uncouth during dinner than my turn toward the kitchen and holler " frankie ! " .. where be this lead to , Mr. garrison ? Willie o' keefe and clay Shaw leave the dining table . jim ( v.o. ) after dinner you pay he to have sex with you . shaw ( v.o. ) ( laugh ) pffft ! absolute nonsense . the Quarter be fill with vivid imagination , my dear Mr. garrison - grimy young hoodlum who will say and do anything . as you well know . jim ( v.o. ) ... in the course of that night , Mr. o' keefe say a man name David ferrie stop by the house ... along with another young man ... at Shaw 's townhouse , we see ferrie come in , with another young chicken . shaw ( v.o. ) who ? jim ( v.o. ) David ferrie . shaw ( v.o. ) no . I have never know anyone by that name . of course never have meet Mr. o' keefe I could hardly have meet Mr. ferrie ... jim ( v.o. ) ... and that the four of you party early into the morning hour ... we see the four man in drag , smile for the flash camera , champagne bottle in hand . ferrie sniff some popper , then shove a popper in Shaw 's face . ferrie ( to Shaw ) you be mine , Mary . go get the fuck tool out , bitch . now ! I want some ass . ferrie force more popper on Shaw . the camera movie to Shaw 's bedroom , where ferrie scatter a drawer full of leather tool . ferrie ( to Shaw ) come here , bitch . ( ferrie grab Shaw by the hair ) you want this ? the only way you get this be do what I say . ( ferrie whacks Shaw ) I be the man . do not ever forget it . ( Shaw beg and whine ) you want it ? you want it ? ( ferrie spit on Shaw ) fuck you and you rich friend . you be nothing but a rich whore ! you be my woman ! get the cat ! ( to young man ) Strip ! now , woman . I want to see skin . back to garrison 's office . jim ( in present ) let I show you he picture . ( he hand Shaw a general photo of ferrie ) shaw ( in present ) no. I be sure I have never meet anyone of such a bizarre appearance . jim do the name clay Bertrand mean anything to you ? shaw clay Bertrand ? clay Bertrand ? I believe there be a man with a name similar to that who work at the chamber of commerce . be that the man you have in mind ? jim no , it be not . do you know a attorney by the name of Dean andrew ? shaw one meet so many attorney in my business . no , I do not believe I know Dean andrew . Jim be get incredibly irritate . he feel Shaw be lie . CUT to antoine 's Restaurant , where Liz and all five kid look at menus . snapper I be hungry ! whe n be we gonna eat ! liz we be go to start without he and he will be here for dessert . snapper , you put that back ! virginia I want a shirley Temple ! snapper I , too . jasper ( disappointed ) when 's daddy come , mama ? liz soon . he 's real sorry he can not start with we but he 's promise to be here . back to garrison 's office later that day . everyone look tired as the question go on . Shaw suck on endless gauloise . jim ( hand a photo to Shaw ) Mr. Shaw , can you identify this man ? shaw naturally . ( he look up ) be you claim , Mr. garrison , that Mr. oswald also have dinner with I ? jim ( humorless ) Mr. Shaw , do you ever meet Lee harvey oswald ? shaw you really have I consort with a cast of sordid character , do not you , Mr. garrison . jim please answer the question . shaw of course not ! such a pity , that assassination . in fact , I admire President Kennedy . a man with true panache , and a wife with impeccable taste . Jim show Shaw a newspaper clipping . jim Mr. Shaw , this be a italian newspaper article say you be a member of the board of Centro mondo commerciale in Italy , that this company be a creature of the CIA for the transfer of fund in Italy for illegal political - espionage activity . it say that this company be expell from Italy for that activity . shaw I be well aware of this asinine article . and I be think very seriously of suing this rag of a newspaper . jim it say that this company have heavily fascist tie to the french secret army organization that try to assassinate de gaulle in 1960 . shaw nonsense . what next ? jim ... and that this company be link to the schlumber tool company here in houma , Louisiana - which be where they arm may have come from to David ferrie and he cuban ... shaw Mr. garrison , you be reach . I be a international businessman . the Trade Mart which I found be America 's commercial pipeline to Latin America . I trade everywhere . I be accuse , as be all businessman , of all thing . I somehow go about my business , make money , help society the best I can and try to promote free trade in this world . jim Mr. Shaw , have you ever be a contract agent with the Central Intelligence Agency ? Shaw glare at he . silence . shaw ( with powerful contempt ) and if I be , Mr. garrison ... do you think I would be here today ... talk to somebody like you ? jim no , people like you do not have to , I guess - people like you walk between the raindrop . shaw ( rise ) May I go ? regardless of what you may think of I , Mr. garrison , I be a patriot first and foremost . jim I have spend half my life in the United States military serve and defend this great country , Mr. Shaw , and you be the first person I ever meet who consider it a act of patriotism to kill he own president . shaw now just a minute , sir ! you be way out of line ! susie and Bill quiet Jim down . bill come on , chief . ( as he show Shaw to the door ) I be sorry , Mr. Shaw , it 's get late . that 's all the question we have . thank you for you honesty and for come in today . shaw I enjoy meeting with you gentleman , and you , miss Cox . it be most pleasant . I wish to extend to each of you - and to each of you family - my best wish for a happy Easter . ( he exit . ) jim ( beat , excited ) " one may smile and smile and be a villain . " goddammit ! we get one of them ! garrison' home that night ( 1967 ) Jim walk in , contrite . Liz be shutting down the house . some of the kid be still up . jasper daddy ! where have you be ? jim ( kiss Liz ) hi , freckle face . liz ( seethe ) hi. jim tough day . liz my sympathy . jim Liz , I be really sorry . the meeting go much longer than expect . liz we wait for you ... hour , Jim . you could have telephone , for God 's sake . it 's Easter ! you promise , Jim . jim I do not know what to say except I be sorry . I just do not have rabbit on my mind . liz I think you care more about John Kennedy than you family ! all day long the kid be ask , " where 's daddy ? " what be I suppose to tell you kid , Jim ! jim I do not know what to tell they . how ' bout the truth - I be do my job to make sure they can grow up in a country where justice will not be a arcane , vanish idea they read about in history book , like the dinosaur or the lose continent of atlantis . liz that sound dandy , but it do not replace a father and a husband on Easter Day . jim ( angry , turn away ) it 's go to get worse , honey . garrison' office hallway - morning ( 1967 ) Jim , be come down the corridor with broussard , be confront by some 20 local journalist and tv crew member . we hear a hubbub of fierce question - ad lib but Jim , puzzle , brushes by , seek refuge in he office . Lou , Al , numa and susie be all wait for he . the regular staff - some 30 people - be look , wonder . Lou present he with the front page of the New Orleans States - item . lou congratulation , boss - you be page one ! we see a close - up of the headline : " d.a. launch full j.f.k. death plot probe - mysterious trip cost large sum . " inside garrison' office jim ( stride into he office read the paper ) goddamn Sam ! lou and it be not pretty ( read the copy ) ... " the ad have spend more than $ 8,000 on unexplain travel and investigative expense since November , 1966 . numa they go to the public record and get the voucher we request for withdrawals . susie Shaw must have get they on we tail . al could be ferrie , Martin , andrew , any of them . bill we do not talk to Ruby ' cause of they and they be on we ass for a measly $ 8,000 ! Jim , at he desk , finish read the article . a huge picture of he be on the front page . he put down the paper , reach for a long , gold pen that be part of the desk set . jim they hunt down the news , it 's they business . get angry do not accomplish a damned thing , but this change everything . we either pull out now or we go through some heavy flack together . they look at each other . jim bear in mind , each of you , this may affect the rest of you career , you life ... ( pause ) ... if any of you pull out , I assure you I will bear no ill feeling towards that person and will reassign you to regular duty . no taker . jim there it be then . thank you . it mean very much to I . I be give this office $ 6,000 from my National Guard savings so we can continue . I will make speech where I can to pick up additional money . some local businessman be put together a fund for we and ... sharon ( come in ) Mr. garrison , what shall I tell they ? they be pile up outside the door . they want a statement , the phone be go crazier than bug on a cake . everyone wait . Jim stand , repack he briefcase with papers and reference book and head for the back door elevator . jim neither confirm , deny , nor discuss , Sharon . Goodbye , lady , gentleman , I be go home where I can get a decent day 's work do . lou ivon' aparmtent - new orlean -( 1967 ) Lou drink a beer in front of the tv news in he small bachelor apartment . a fan be blow . newsman 11 ( editorial ) Mr. garrison 's own silence on the subject have raise some interesting question . with taxpayer money have he uncover some valuable new evidence or be he merely save the information which will gain for he exposure on a national level ? Mr. garrison it seem , should have some explanation . the phone ring and ivon pick it up . lou yeah ? dave ferrie ( v.o. ) ( very agitate ) do you office plant that garbage in the fuck paper ? lou who be this ? ferrie ( v.o. ) you know damn well who it be . lou Dave ? ferrie ( v.o. ) yeah , you get it . since you be the only straight shooter in that fuckin ' office , I would like a answer from you . do you plant it ? lou Dave , do you think we be out of we mind ? the whole building 's be a zoo since that break . we can not get a thing do . Reporters crawl everywhere . you think we want that ? we see ferrie in a phone booth on the street outside he apartment house in the french Quarter . he 's a nervous wreck , watch the reporter and tv camera surround he place , wait for he . ferrie ( yell ) somebody plant that fuck story ! and somebody tip off the press I be one of garrison 's fuck suspect . I can not go home . I be out on the street . the maggot be everywhere ! do you know what you have do to I ? it 's all over the national news now . you know what you have do to I ? lou calm down , Dave , what ? ferrie I be a dead man ! from here on , believe I , I be a dead man . lou what be you talk about , Dave ? you be not mention in the story . do not jump to conclusion . ferrie you think you investigation 's be all that secret ? you know , when you talk to people , they talk to other people . lou what do they ... ferrie you still question any cuban ? lou Dave , you know that 's where this road lead . ferrie it lead farther than that . lou Dave , just calm down . meet I in the lobby of the fontainbleau in 20 minute . I will have a suite reserve for you under a assume name . ferrie ( unsure ) the fontainbleau ? 20 minute ? lou ( hopeful ) yeah . come on , Dave , come on we side . I guarantee you the boss will protect you ... ( there 's a long silence as ferrie , tear , agonize ) Dave ? ferrie ( dreamy ) ... give I protection ? lou yeah ! he would kill for you Dave . he like you . you mind . ferrie I get no place to sleep . I will meet you in 20 minute . ferrie hang up . pause . at he end , Lou ivon hang up , excited . garrison be home - night ( 1967 ) the phone ring . Liz pick it up . Jim be watch the tv news : Martin luther King be deliver a speech against the Vietnam War . king ( on tv ) President Kennedy say on one occasion , " mankind must put a end to war , or war will put a end to mankind . " I pray God that America will hear this before it 's too late , because today we be fight a war I be convinced be one of the most unjust war that have ever be fight in the history of the world . liz ( on the phone meanwhile , testy ) no , he 's not here now . and he would not take call here if he be ! so please call the office number . thank you . ( hang up ) two of they even have the gall to come to the door this afternoon , one all the way from England . jim do they live ? liz it 's not funny , Jim , I be scared . jim do not be . nothing to be scared about , honey , I be through four year of war - this be nothing . the phone ring again . king ( on tv ) ... send they 8,000 mile away to guarantee liberty in Southeast Asia which they have not find in Southwest Georgia or East harlem . so we have be repeatedly face with the cruel irony of watch negro and white boy on tv screen as they kill and die for a nation that have be unable to seat they together in the same school . liz I have not , Jim . jim nothing be go to happen to you . I will not let it . liz leave we alone for God 's sake ! ( recognize the voice ) ... oh , it 's Lou . fontainbleau HOTEL suite - that night Jim and Lou watch as ferrie pace wildly , speed . ferrie I be catch in the middle . they be after I . it 's almost over . lou listen , Dave , why do not we order some room service , have a bite , relax . I will stay as long as you want . ferrie I do not know who to trust anymore . yeah , sure I could use a pot of hot coffee and a few pack of camel . you get anything new in the investigation ? as Lou pick up the phone and order room service , Jim answer . jim you mean about the cuban get train north of the lake ? ferrie ( incoherent ) oh , you get that ? banister 's pet project . get pay by the government to work against the government . beautiful . what a mind he have , what a guy , guy . he have all that file . jim who be pay you , Dave ? ferrie you think I be a getaway pilot for the assassination , do not you ? jim I do not know . be you ? ( Dave laugh ) who you scared of , Dave ? ferrie everybody ! the Agency . the mob. the cuban . yeah , follow the cuban . check they out . here , in Dallas , Miami . check out a guy name eladio del valle . my paymaster when I fly mission into Cuba - he 's somewhere in Miami . you be on the right track . Lou write it down . see he write make ferrie even more paranoid . ferrie hold it ! hold it ! I be not cooperate with anyone . there 's a death warrant for I , do not you get it ? wait a minute . you be not bugge , be you ? he feel Lou for bug , but out of a sense of hierarchy , ignore Jim . he check around the room - the phone , behind painting , flower vase , light fixture - as the batty conversation continue : lou Dave , I always play square . no bug . I would love you to go on the record , but I " m in no hurry . whenever you be ready . ferrie ( check the room ) I do not have much time . they do not even need bug anymore . they get this fuckin ' satellite wave . they put a bug in a friend of mine when he be bear , right up he nostril , subcutaneous , between he eye . he be one of that product of a crossbread experiment . a Nazi rocket scientist father and a commie spy mother . you would never believe half the shit the Agency do . ( hold he neck ) I be so fuckin ' tired . have not sleep since that shit article come out . why would you guy have to go and get I involved with this ? lou do we involve you , Dave , or do clay Shaw ? ferrie that cocksuckin ' faggot ! he 's get I by the ball . lou what do you mean ? ferrie photograph - compromise stuff . and he will use them . the Agency play for keep ... ( check the room for bug ) I know oswald . he be in my Civil Air patrol unit . I teach he everything . a " wanna be , " y'know , nobody really like he cause he be a snitch . I treat he good . he would talk about he kid , y'know , really want she to grow up with a chance , but ... he get a raw deal . the Agency fuck he . just like they be gonna fuck I . jim let I get this straight , now . clay Shaw be blackmail you ? ferrie fuckin ' A. how do you think the Agency get people to do they bullshit ? fuck know what they get on oswald ! room service knock , and ferrie jump and rush to the bathroom . ferrie who be it ? bellhop ( v.o. ) room service . Jim whisper something and Lou go to the door , take the service table without let the bellhop in . Jim , excited but try to stay even , continue with ferrie . jim be it the same oswald , Dave , that be in Dallas , or be it a impersonator . ferrie same one . I do not know no impersonator . flashback to ferrie at the party with oswald ( obscure ) per Willie o' keefe 's witness . Jim , in the present , do not feel right about it . jim do you take a good look at the tv when they have oswald ? ferrie ( shrug , can not be bother ) Black , black - just give it to I . ( take the fresh coffee from Lou , light a camel ) shit. I be so exhaust . my neck be kill I . I have get cancer . have it for year . I be work with mouse , y'know , try to come up with a cure . jim Dave , can I just ask you this directly ? do you ever work for the CIA ? ferrie ( laugh ) you make it sound like some remote fuckin ' experience in ancient history . man , you never leave the Agency . once they get you , you be in for life . jim and Shaw ? ferrie Shaw 's a " untouchable " , man - high clearance . Shaw , oswald , the cuban - all Agency . jim what about Ruby ? ferrie Jack ? Jack be a pimp . a bagman in Dallas for the mob . he use to run gun to castro when he be still on we side . check out Jack youngblood . shit - we almost have castro . then we try to whack he . everybody 's flipping side all the time . it 's fun and ' game , man fun and ' game . lou what about the mob , Dave ? how do they figure in this ? ferrie they be Agency , too . do not you get it ? CIA and mafia together . try to whack out the beard . mutual interest . they be do it for year . there 's more to this than you dream . FBI fuck hate the CIA . navy Intelligence get something to do with it too . check out " Alan Pope " in Miami . Jack youngblood . Bill harvey . Colonel roselli . the shooter , I hear , be a Dallas cop - the bagman at Ruby 's club . I hear he shot he own partner . get that ? check out the rich fuck in Dallas . h.l. hunt . he 's dirty . that 's all I know . but the Agency always run the show . check out something call " mongoose " operation mongoose . government , Pentagon stuff , they be in charge , but who the fuck pull whose chain who the fuck know , fun and ' game man - check out Southeast Asia - that 's the next big number - the heroin trail . " oh , what a deadly web we weave when we practice to deceive . " jim then who kill the President ? ferrie oh man , why do not you stop . this be too fuckin ' big for you ! who do Kennedy ? it 's a mystery wrap in a riddle inside a enigma . even the shooter do not fuckin ' know ! do not you get it yet ? I can not be talk like this . they be gonna kill I . I be gonna die ! ( he sit down , crack , sobbing ) I do not know what happen . all I want in the world be to be a Catholic priest - live in a monastery , study ancient Latin manuscript , pray , serve God . but I have this one terrible , fatal weakness . they defrock I . and then I start to lose everything . he bow he head , hold it in he hand , and he wig start to come off in he hand . ferrie shit ! forget to glue this fuckin ' rug today . you know , at one time I even have a full head of hair like everyone else . and then I lose that . that fuckin' clay Shaw . I hate the bastard . all I get leave be in he rotten , bloody hand . he tip the newspaper - I know it . that 's how the Agency work . they use people , chew they up , spit them out . now it 's my turn . jim ( empathetic ) Dave , it 's go to be okay . just talk to we on the record and we will protect you . I guarantee it . there 's a long silence . ferrie , spend , stare at Jim . he 's about to crack , but ... ferrie they will get to you , too - they will destroy you ... they be untouchable , man ... ( then ) I be so fuck exhaust I can not see straight . jim get some rest , Dave , and you will feel better in the morning . we will talk then . ferrie yeah , yeah . but leave I alone for awhile . I get to make some call . his eye be go again . deal ... intrigue - through the tear . lou whatever you say , Dave . I will be home . okay ? Lou and Jim share a look . corridor of garrison' office - a few day later ( 1967 ) a mob scene . Press from the U.S. and all over the world be fill the corridor . a french reporter try to get past the receptionist as numa pass he with a stack of mail . also in the hall be many individual citizen who have come to give tip and theory . one of they be dress as Satan in a red jump suit with mask , horn , tail and a pitchfork . french reporter ( wave credential ) Paris Match . we be the large magazine in all of France . soviet reporter my name be bulgarinov . I be with literaturnaya gazeta of Moscow . american reporter Bill Turner . rampart . a mailman , black , come through lug three sack of mail . mailman come through , out of the way . receptionist you know who kill the President ? Mr. garrison be busy but he assistant ... a camera move by into the interior office . montage of office shot : bill broussard's office a man with the demeanor of julius caesar walk into Bill 's office . caesar ( raise arm ) hail ! et tu , brutus ? bill and you , too , my friend . Bill escort he out before he get the chance to sit down , and then head for Jim 's office . jim garrison' office numa join Jim with a stack of new mail . numa Love a duck ! it take twenty minute to get into this office this day . be we famous or what ? Jim be read Newsweek , deeply hurt . there be newspaper all over he desk . jim notorious be more like it . " Jim garrison be right . there have be a conspiracy in New Orleans - but it 's a plot of garrison 's own make " ... and this - " one of the d.a. 's investigator offer a unwilling witness $ 3000 if only he would fill in the fact of the alleged meeting to plot the death of the President " ... how can they write that ? where do they come up with this ? ... ( sorting through other ) " a charlatan , " " power -mad , " a " hulk d.a . " ( New York Post ) " morbid frolic in New Orleans . " Bill have come in during this , completely frazzle . bill the crazy have take over the asylum ! it 's a zoo out there . numa sensational garbage sell newspaper , Jim . what else be new ? look at the thousand of letter you be get . that 's where the heart of the country be . ( read from one ) " dear Mr. garrison , God bless you for have the courage to go after the murderer of President Kennedy . please do not stop till they be behind bar . I be a beautician here in hannibal , Missouri , and my husband be a janitor in the local high school . we have four kid and not a extra lot of money but we enclose a contribution to help with you work . we be praying for you . God bless , judith hardy , hannibal , Missouri . " numa pull a dollar bill from the envelope . numa that 's what it 's about , boss . for every lousy article in the press there 's a hundred of this . Jim be move . Bill be not . bill that 's fine , numa , but what about all the people who be not write letter . they be sit home read all this lie . I just hear NBC crew 's in town to do a " White Paper " - not on the Kennedy kill , but on we . one of they top guy , Harry stoner , be talk to everybody he can find about you , boss ... jim oh Jesus , stoner !... why do not he call I ? numa ( to Bill ) what do you want to do , Bill - fold up and close the store ? you sound like it . bill look , this be bigger than all of we . we can not try a case in this atmosphere . Sharon have come in during this , signal to Jim . sharon Mr. Miller 's be wait . jim ( remember ) oh ! send he in . ( to numa ) Denver oilman want to support the investigation . ( specifically to Bill ) Bill , I know what you be think , but sometimes when it make no sense that 's exactly when you just gotta stick to it , head down . Sharon show in Mr. Miller , the Denver oilman . he 's a self - assure , impressive man in he 50' with a western accent , cowboy boot and hat , and a well - cut gabardine suit . jim welcome , Mr. Miller . Jim garrison . would you care for some coffee ? miller yes , thank you , Mr. garrison . you coffee 's almost turkish down here but I could get use to it . numa leave . Bill indicate he would like to sit in . Jim nod okay . Miller pay no attention to Bill . miller I be glad you could find time to see I . I fly down from Denver this morning on my private jet . jim yes , you letter indicate you be in he oil business up there . miller I have do quite well in Denver , Mr. garrison , but I have to admire someone like you - and I have the mean to back up what I say . jim we can use all the support we can get . I think this might interest you . Jim have gather together a group of photo of the shoot . Sharon bring the coffee . jim they have be enlarge and show a lot of detail ... miller splendid , love to see they . he glance at the photo but continue on across the room , look at the picture on the wall . miller where be you ? Europe , Pacific ? jim Germany . miller you be lucky . I spend three year in the Pacific . ( he look out the blind at tulane Avenue ) I have never see a avenue with such a profusion of bail - bond company . why be that ? jim ( nettle by Miller 's move around ) I imagine because this be the criminal District Court Building ( show a photo ) this be a enlargement of a potential shooter stand behind the picket fence . we ... we see a blurry blowup of something behind the picket fence . Miller take the photo , glance at it and sit down . miller I know about that shot . a terrible tragedy . ( put the photo back on the desk ) how much do you have for carry on you investigation ? jim if you must know , virtually nothing . miller how many man be work with you on this ? jim less than you would guess . most day two to three assistant d.a. 's . a handful of police investigator . miller that 's all you have have all this time ? jim that 's it . Jim expectant of some help . a pause . then : miller I admire you , Mr. garrison . how do you manage to make you way into guy banister 's operation ? the clock be tick . Jim share a look with Bill . the card be on the table . jim that be never in he newspaper , Mr. Miller . Miller smile , stand , pace the room . he continue to ignore Bill completely . miller I be go to be very frank with you . you have do a great job , a astounding job consider the limited resource available to you . but the best you can ever hope for be to stir up a lot of confusion . you be not go to do this country any good , and you be not go to do yourself any good . ( he sit back down and look directly at Jim ) you do not belong here . on this mickey mouse street with that cheap strip of bail bond shop . jim the job manage to keep I pretty busy . miller nonsense . you should be in a job where you can make decision that have impact , affect the world . here you be try to climb up the steep side of mount everest . he lean forward across Jim 's desk , tapping he manicure index finger on the desk . clearly visible to Jim and to we ( in a close - up ) be Miller 's annapolis ring tapping . miller I propose you accept a appointment to the bench in Federal District Court and move into a job worthy of you talent . ( he lean back and pause ) do you have any idea , do you have any conception of how easily such a appointment can be arrange ? jim and what would I have to do ? miller stop you investigation ... it be a magnificent effort but it 's over and do with . the press be already on you behind and that 's only the beginning , my boy , only the beginning . jim how long do you think it would take I to be appoint ? Jim 's eye go to Bill . he could be wrong , but it 's almost as if Bill be go along with the idea now . miller ( smile , think Jim be hook ) well , ordinarily this thing take a long time . but in you case , with you record it can be expedite - easily . I guarantee it . Jim lean back , put he foot up on the corner of the desk , wave they like fan . Bill wait . jim who be you , Mr. Miller ? ( no answer - just the sound of the overhead fan ) you see that helmet over there ? ( the Nazi helmet with a bullet hole on he desk ) I pick that up at the dachau concentration camp when we liberated it in 1945 . it be the most horrifying sight I have ever see , Mr. Miller . pyramid of decaye , stinking bone and skin one on top of the other . I do not enjoy look at that swastika every day , Mr. Miller , but I keep it there to remind I of what can happen when a country turn from free democratic principle to fascism , when a few mad turn human being into digit and million sit in silence and do nothing about it . Miller wait . Bill wait . Jim come forward with he reply . jim Mr. Miller , you and I have meet under a great misunderstanding . I have not the remotest interest in become a Federal judge . and nothing be go to keep I from go ahead with my investigation of John Kennedy 's murder . Miller 's entire demeanor tighten into a corkscrew of anger and danger . jim Bill , Mr. Miller and I have finish we conversation . would you show he out ? Bill have a strange reaction - a sudden exhalation of breath as if a entire house of card be collapse . he rise , but Miller go first , leave silently . once he 's go , Bill turn wearily to Jim . jim that bastard ! that 's proof enough right there of what we be up against . the whole goddamn Federal government , Bill ! bill well , they offer you the carrot , and you turn it down ... you know what 's come next , do not you , boss ? garrison' conference room - another day ( 1967 ) the staff be assemble . we see the headline in the Times - picayune , which say : " ferrie call garrison probe a witch hunt . " lou boss , I tell you something or somebody be put tremendous heat on David ferrie . if we sit on we behind any longer , I do not think the guy 's go to hold on . susie ( rap the newspaper ) look at this bullshit ! he keep change what he say . we can not possibly call he to a Grand jury . jim susie , watch the language , would you please . al my instinct be that ferrie be go to keep on deteriorate , and we will end up get more out of he when he finally crack . if we call he now , he might freeze up and we could lose the best shot we have ever have . lou you do not get it , guy - he can not go down any further . we get to protect he full time . jim ( rise , look at he watch ) I have a plane to catch ... go to Washington . a interesting lead , say he 's closely connect to this event , but he will not come down here ... I know what you be go through with ferrie , Lou . we will talk tomorrow . lou I be onto ferrie 's Cuban paymaster , eladio del valle , in Miami . I gotta get he in , boss . I need more man - I can not even pull the team to watch ferrie ... this be we case ! numa rush in with a young investigator , Williams - display a miniature microphone . numa hold it , chief ... jim ( to Lou ) you just need some sleep , Lou . it will not look so bad when ... numa make violent signal to shut up - not to talk - stick the microphone in front of Jim . Williams search the wall for the bug . numa signal everyone outside . garrison' MAIN office the staff come out into the office with him , disturb . jim what the hell be ... numa Williams find this in you office ... we think the conference room be also bugge . and maybe the phone . the whole place need debugge . the whole staff from the conference room react . Jim look stunne . jim I do not believe it ! susie bugging the District Attorney 's office of New Orleans ! it 's outrageous ! Sharon have be stand there try to get Lou 's attention . sharon it 's urgent for you , Mr. ivon . Lou go to the phone . numa well , believe what you want , boss , but we get to be more careful . all this new volunteer , any one of they could be ... jim okay , you handle it , numa . I do not have time for this nonsense . ( to the hide mike loudly ) we have obviously get the bastard worried now . I be go to Washington . everyone laugh , but the camera go to the look of shock on Lou 's face as he hold the receiver . they all look over at he ; feel the bad news before they hear it . lou Dave ferrie 's dead . the body be find at he apartment two hour ago . Jim 's look say " there go the case . " outside ferrie' apartment - french quarter ( 1967 ) Jim and he staff storm into the area , which be cordon off by police . member of the press be all over , yell question at Jim . jim ( to chief police officer ) this case be in we jurisdiction . I do not want anyone from a Federal agency in here without a explicit Federal court order . you get that , hank ? ( hank look at he weirdly ) newsman 10 be ferrie murder , Mr. garrison ? do you have any lead ? inside ferrie' apartment the apartment be filthy and sinister . hundred of mouse squeal in they cage , upset by the invasion of man and light . nothing seem to have be wash in year . there be a accumulation of furniture , college pennant , photo of young boy in training , book everywhere , ammunition , gun , a piano , map , fake college degree on the wall . ferrie 's naked body lie on the couch with a sheet over it . he be unwigge , he eyebrow unpaint , false tooth next to he . Jim study the corpse as the coroner come alongside . jim what 's it look like , Nick ? coroner I do not see any violence , Jim . heart attack , maybe a aneurysm . look like natural cause . Jim pick several empty , capless medicine bottle on a table next to the sofa and look at they . Lou and Bill come over with a type suicide note . bill it 's address to no one and no signature . " to leave this life be , for I , a sweet prospect . I find nothing in it that be desirable and on the other hand , everything that be loathsome . " lou pretty flowery for Dave ferrie . the word from the note hang there weirdly , as Jim pace on into the apartment , one of they medicine bottle in he hand . the music grow , and a sinister feel of danger and death pervade the atmosphere . then the sound drop away . ferrie' bedroom Jim hand Lou the medicine bottle . lou proloid ? jim I take it once for a low thyroid condition ... ( he walk away ) it raise the metabolism , lou. ( pause ) do David ferrie strike you as the kind of person who have a low metabolism ? lou I would say the opposite - hypertension . closet in ferrie' apartment Jim run a eye through Dave 's closet , cluttere with shabby jacket . his eye fall on a neat but fade lace and satin , some sort of garment of priestly origin , he take it in he hand . jim ferrie be the only one to express some kind of remorse about this whole thing . I think it get he kill . susie Cox walk in , a new message write on she face . susie boss , we just get bad news from Miami . they find ferrie 's Cuban friend - eladio del valle - this morning , hack to death with a machete in he car . he be torture , shot in the heart at point-blank range and he skull be split open with a axe ... lou Jesus - if that be not the Devil 's piss ! that bastard ! Jim 's mood darken , and he head back into the live room as ferrie 's corpse be be trundle out the door . the sickness be everywhere ; a oppressive mood . Bill come up . bill found another note , same thing , no name , no signature . " when you receive this , I will be quite dead , so no answer will be possible . I offer you love . all I get in return in the end be a kick in the tooth . " jim Jesus , they must have be hard press to come up with that one . Jim , feel ill , want to leave , stop the coroner before he exit ... jim ( give the coroner the empty bottle ) Nick , what would happen if a man suffer from hypertension be to take a entire bottle of proloid ? coroner he would die pretty quick , either a heart storm or a rupture blood vessel in the brain . jim can you ascertain if there 's proloid in he system ? coroner not in a routine autopsy , but if we look at the spinal fluid , there might be a high level of iodine , but it 's difficult to know . whatcha thinkin ' , Jim ? jim well , it do not make sense , Nick - he be afraid of die , then he kill himself in a way that leave no trace , but he leave two unsign suicide note . coroner ( shrug , skeptical ) if it 's a suicide , I see weirder , jim. ( exit ) bill the fact be he 's go , chief , and so 's we case . lou not unless we go for Shaw now . bill with whose testimony ? Willie o' keefe ? a male prostitute . Jack martini ? a drunk ? Vernon Bundy ? a dope fiend . Shaw 's get respect , the newspaper editor , the american bar Association - they be not ... susie I be afraid I be with Bill on this one . we have not get the goods yet . lou we wait , Shaw 's gonna get whacked . oswald , Ruby , ferrie , del valle , banister , bower ... how many corpse you lawyer gotta see to figure out what 's go on ? jim all right , all right . break it up . bill where you go , boss ? jim I do not know , Bill , I just do not know . outside ferrie' apartment that same night as Jim , question by reporter , get in he car and leave , Bill wave goodbye to Lou and walk toward he own car , deject . the area be cordon off and hum with activity . Frank , a FBI man who know Bill from previous case , approach he out of the crowd . he wear a hat , suit , and tie . frank Bill . bill hey , where y'at , Frank ? you be waste you time here . Big Jim give strict order . no FBI allow . frank it 's you I want to talk to , Bill . bill ( laugh ) boss would fry I in hog fat if he know ... ( motion to car ) frank ( get in the car ) you boss get a serious problem , Bill . Real serious . we know what 's be go on at you office bill ( smile ) yeah , I guess you do . frank you have get nothin ' , Bill . I be talk as a friend now . you be riding on the Titanic . time to jump off before you get destroy along with garrison . bill Frank , I do not want to hear it . frank Senator Long set you boss up , my friend . this get Bill 's attention . frank who do you think feed he that information ? garrison 's go down . we be talk you career here , Bill , you life . you be a young guy ... we know you be work that castro thing . bill no , I be not ... frank yes , you be . look we know oswald do not pull that trigger . castro do . but if that come out , there 's gonna be a war , boy - million of people be gonna die . that 's a hell of a lot more important than Jim garrison . ( suddenly ) goddammit , look at I when I talk to you ! you be too goddamn self - opinionate , now shut up . if you get a brain in that thick skull of yours , listen to I . listen real hard . Bill , take aback , listen . WASHINGTON D.C. - park ( 1967 ) Jim walk down from the lincoln Memorial , where he be meet unobtrusively by a military man in he 50' in casual clothing , hat on he head , a erect posture . they walk towards the mall , with the Capitol building loom in the background . X Jim garrison ? jim yes . X ( shake hand ) I be glad you come . I be sorry about the precaution . jim well , I just hope it be worth my while , Mr ... the man do not answer . Jim , after he meeting with Miller and loss of ferrie , be testy and suspicious . X I could give you a false name , but I will not . just call I x. jim I have already be warn by the Agency , Mr. whoever . if this be another type of threat , I do not ... X I be not with the Agency , Mr. garrison , and I assume if you have come this far , what I have to say interest you . but I be not go to name name , or tell you who or what I represent . except to say - you be close , you be closer than you think ... something about he manner speak of authority , knowledge , and above all , old - fashioned honesty - the eye look at you straight on . he indicate a bench . X everything I be go to tell you be classified top secret ... ( significant look ) I be a soldier , Mr. garrison . two war . I be one of that secret guy in the Pentagon that supplies the military hardware - the plane , bullet , rifle - for what we call " black operation " - " black op " , assassination , coup d'etat , rigging election , propoganda , psych warfare and so forth . World War ii - rumania , Greece , Yugoslavia , I help take the Nazi intelligence apparatus out to help we fight the Communists . Italy ' 48 steal election , France ' 49 break strike - we overthrew quirino in the Philippines , arbenz in Guatemala , mossadegh in Iran . Vietnam in ' 54 , Indonesia ' 58 , tibet ' 59 we get the dalai lama out - we be good , very good . then we get into the Cuban thing . not so good . set up all the basis for the invasion suppose to take place in October ' 62 . khrushchev send the missile to resist the invasion , Kennedy refuse to invade and we be stand out there with we dick in the wind . lot of piss - off people , Mr. garrison , you understand ? I will come to that later ... I spend much of September ' 63 work on the Kennedy plan for get all U.S. personnel out of Vietnam by the end of ' 65 . this plan be one of the strongest and most important papers issue from the Kennedy White House . we first 1,000 troops be order home for Christmas . tension be high . in November ' 63 , one week after the murder of vietnamese President diem in saigon , and two week before the assassination of we President ... flashback to the Pentagon office in 1963 . X stride down a busy hall and into the office of one of he superior , Major General y , a lean , cold warrior , battlefield handsome , civilian clothes , and several advisor . there 's a U.S. flag on the wall . the status of y be only clear by the sing on the desk , the name block by a pass figure . X ...a strange thing happen . I be send by my superior officer , call he y , to the South pole as the military escort for a group of international VIP 's . this trip have nothing to do with my nine year of work in special Operations . it be sort of a " pay vacation " . we hear vague ad-lib muttering on the soundtrack indicate a friendly atmosphere , and we see stock footage of a C - 130 transport fly to Antarctica and ice floe on the surface of the sea . then , at a New Zealand airport , we see X , in a uniform , at a newsstand read of Kennedy 's assassination . the banner headline of a " extra " edition of the Christchurch Star scream out " kennedy shot dead . " X it be not until I be on my way back in New Zealand that I read of the President 's murder . that be 2 in the afternoon the next day New Zealand time , but already the papers have the entire history of a unknown 24 - year - old man , oswald - a studio picture , detailed biographical data , Russian information - and be pretty sure of the fact he would kill the President alone , although it take they four more hour to charge he with the murder in Texas . it feel as if , well , a cover story be be put out like we would in a black op . back at the Pentagon office , we see X return and meeting y . the atmosphere be cordial , but y be slightly different from before - more harry , more nervous . he turn away to light a cigarette , he do not want the usual conversation . X anyway , after I come back I ask myself why be I , the chief of special op , select to travel to the South pole at that time to do a job that any number of other could have do ? one of my routine duty if I have be in Washington would have be to arrange for additional security in Texas . the secret service be relatively small , and by custom the military will augment they . I check it out when I get back and sure enough , I find out someone have tell the 112th military Intelligence Group at 4th Army headquarters at Fort Sam Houston to " stand down " that day , over the protest of the unit Commander , a Colonel Reich ... we see a outdoor shot of the Texas Army headquarters on a day in 1963 . Inside , on the same day , col . Reich be on the phone , puzzle . X now this be significant , because it be standard operate procedure , especially in a know hostile city like Dallas , to supplement the secret service . even if we have not allow the bubbletop to be remove from the limousine , we would have put at least 100 to 200 agent on the sidewalk , without question ! there would already be several attempt on de gaulle 's life in France . only a month before in Dallas UN ambassador adlai stevenson have be spit on and hit . we would have arrive day ahead of time , study the route , check all the building ... we never would have allow all that wide - open empty window overlook dealey ... never ... we would have have we own sniper cover the area . the moment a window go up they would have be on the radio . we would have be watch the crowd - package , roll up newspaper , a coat over a arm , never would have let a man open a umbrella along the way - never would have allow that limousine to slow down to 10 mile per hour , much less take that unusual curve at Houston and elm . you would have feel a Army presence in the street that day , but none of this happen . it be a violation of the most basic protection code we have . and it be the best indication of a massive plot in Dallas . who could have best do that ? people in my business , Mr. garrison . people like my superior officer could have tell Col. Reich , " look - we have another unit come from so and so provide security . you will stand down . " that day , in fact , there be some individual Army Intelligence people in Dallas and I be still try to figure out who and why . but they be not protect the client . one of they , by the way , be catch in the Book depository after police seal it off . in dealey Plaza , 1963 , we see a Army intelligence man take a shot with a minolta camera . X Army intell have a " harvey Lee oswald " on file , but all that file have be destroy . many strange thing be happen that day , and Lee harvey oswald have nothing to do with they . we have the entire cabinet on a trip to the Far East . we have a third of a combat division return from Germany in the air above the United States at the time of the shoot , and at 12:34 p.m. , the entire telephone system go dead in Washington for a solid hour , and on the plane back to Washington , word be radioe from the White House situation room to lyndon Johnson that one individual perform the assassination . do that sound like a bunch of coincidence to you , Mr. garrison ? not for one moment . the cabinet be out of the country to get they perception out of the way . the troops be in the air for possible riot control . the phone do not work to keep the wrong storey from spread if anything go wrong with the plan . nothing be leave to chance . I bet you there be even backup team and car on the other side of the underpass in the event that Kennedy get through wounded . they would have move in with vehicle like they do with de gaulle . he could not be allow to escape alive . the camera be on Jim , listen . this information be much great than he ever envision , and he be stunne . X pause . X I never though thing be the same after that . Vietnam start for real . there be a air of , I do not know , make - believe in the Pentagon and the CIA . that of we who would be in secret op since the beginning know the Warren Commission be fiction , but there be something ... deeper , uglier . and I know Allen dulle very well . I brief he many a time in he house . he be also General y 's benefactor . but for the life of I I still can not figure out why dulle be appoint to investigate Kennedy 's death . the man who have fire he . I get out in ' 64 . I retire from the U.S. Air Force . jackie kennedy I never realize Kennedy be so dangerous to the establishment . be that why ? X ( chuckle ) that 's the real question , be not it - " why ? " - the " how " be just " scenery " for the sucker ... oswald , Ruby , Cuba , mafia , it keep people guess like a parlor game , but it prevent they from ask the most important question - why ? why be Kennedy kill ? who benefitte ? who have the power to cover it up ?... you know in ' 61 right after the Bay of Pigs - very few people know about this - I participate in draw up National Security action memo 55 , 56 , and 57 . this be crucial document , classified top secret , but basically in they Kennedy instruct General lemnitzer , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs , that from here on forward ... flashback to the Pentagon office on a day in 1961 . a document be move by hand into lemnitzer 's office where we see a set of hand hold it while it 's read . there 's a look of surprise on lemnitzer 's face . X ... the Joint Chiefs of staff would be wholly responsible for all covert paramilitary action in peacetime . this basically end the reign of the CIA - " splinter it " , as j.f.k. promise he would , into a " thousand piece " , - and now be order the military to help . this be unprecedented . I can not tell you the shock wave this send along the corridor of power in Washington . this and , of course , fire Allen dulle , Richard bissell , and General Charles cabell , all of they sacred cow of intell since World War ii . you get some very upset people here . documentary image flash on the screen - Allen dulle , sweet - face , smile , at the Warren Commission hear and visit dealey Plaza ; General Charles cabell and Richard bissell ... X Kennedy 's directive be never really implement , because of bureaucratic resistance , but one of the result be that the Cuban operation be turn over to my department as " operation mongoose " , which mean that people like my superior officer , General y , take over the Cuban personnel that be be train to invade Cuba - and the basis like the training camp at pontchartrain in you home state that be close down by Kennedy ... and that 's how the " black op " people , people like General y , end up take the rule of covert warfare they would use abroad and bring them into this country . now they have the people , the equipment , basis and the motivation ... check out a old CIA man , Bill harvey - run something call " executive action " , which carry out foreign assassination . harvey be also involved with the fake defection program that get oswald into Russia . check out the cabell brother . interesting link to this case . at Arlington Cemetery on the same day , Jim visit the grave of President Kennedy . we see the eternal flame . Jim think about what he should do now . the size of it stun he . he be lose , reeling back to the past in he mind . dissolve to documentary footage of dachau concentration camp : thousand of body be pile and bulldoze ... and then back to Jim at Arlington Cemetery relive it ... only the enormity of past evil can prepare he to confront present evil . in a strange way , it reassure he . X ...do not underestimate the budget cut Kennedy call for in March of ' 63 either - close to 52 military installation in 25 state , 21 overseas basis , you be talk big money . you know how many helicopter have be lose in Vietnam ? about three thousand so far . who make they ? Bell helicopter . who own Bell ? Bell be near bankruptcy when the first National Bank of Boston approach the CIA about develop the helicopter for indochina usage . how ' bout the f-111 fighter ? General dynamics in Fort Worth . who own that ? find out the defense budget since the war begin . $ 75 go on a hundred billion ... $ 200 billion will be spend before it end . in 1950 it be $ 13 billion . no war , no money . sometimes I think the organize principle of any society be for war . the authority of the state over it 's people reside in it 's war power . even eisenhower - military hero of WWII - warn we about it : " beware the military - industrial complex " , he say . Kennedy want to end the cold War in he second term . he want to call of the moon race in favor of cooperation with the Soviets . he sign a treaty with the Soviets to ban nuclear testing , he refuse to invade Cuba in ' 62 , and he set out to withdraw from Vietnam . but that all end on November 22 , 1963 . flashback to the White House , 1963 . lyndon Johnson be with Henry cabot Lodge . we see they as shadowy figure from a distance across the wide room , or near a veranda with a porch and plenty of light . Johnson , he back to we , talk in a loud , thick Texas drawl ( mostly mute ) and sign a document . X only four day after j.f.k. be shot , lyndon Johnson sign National Security memo 273 , which essentially reverse Kennedy 's new withdrawal policy and give the green light to the covert operation against North Vietnam that provoke the Gulf of tonkin incident . in that document lay the Vietnam War . in the park with X , Jim be staggered by all this information . X cease walk and look at Jim . jim I do not ... I can not believe it . they kill he because he want to change thing . in we time - in we country ? X ( shrugging ) king be kill , Mr. garrison . Politics be power , nothing more . but do not believe I . do not trust I . do you own work , you own think . jim the size of this be ... beyond I . testify ? X no chance in hell , Mr. garrison . I would be arrest and gag , declare insane and hospitalize ... maybe worse . you , too . I can only give you background , you get to find the foreground , the little thing ... keep digging . y'know you be the only person to ever bring a trial in the murder of John Kennedy . that 's important - it 's historic . jim I have not yet . I do not have much of a case . X ( rise to leave ) but you do not have a choice anymore . you have become a significant threat to the national security structure . they would have kill you already , but you get a lot of light on you . instead , they be gonna destroy you credibility ; they already have in many circle in this town . you be some kinda ego -craze southern caricature to many folk . be honest - the best chance you get be come up with a case , something , anything , make arrest , stir the shitstorm . you gotta hope to reach a point of critical mass where other people will come forward and the government will crack . remember , fundamentally people be sucker for the truth , and the truth be on you side , ' bubba . I hope you get a break ... Jim watch this mystery man walk away . the figure vanish in the Washington breeze . flag flap over some distant memorial to some distant history of the Republic . Jim rise , a decision make . exterior of clay shaw' house - new orlean ( 1967 ) Jim , Lou , Al , numa and several policeman stand at the door as clay Shaw come to it . lou Mr. Shaw , you be under arrest , charge with conspiracy and enter into a agreement with other person for the specific purpose of commit the crime of murder of President John f. Kennedy in violation of ... the voice drop away as the devastate look on Shaw 's face spread , sickly , undone , he arrogant public composure go , face now fill with terror , disbelief . lou ... we have a warrant to search the premise . the policeman take Shaw while the d.a. staff move into the carriage house past the butler , frankie Jenkins . inside shaw' house in the bedroom , numa point out to Jim the hook screw into the ceiling . Al pull out five whip , several length of chain , a black hood and match black cape . dried blood be on one whip . numa it 's either a mardi gras outfit , or we get the Marquis de sade here , chief . jim I do not care if he be do it with giraffe in the zoo , numa , it 's none of we business . let 's keep this side of it quiet , shall we ? al when you be in a war , boss , you use every weapon you get . jim not one word . that 's a order . new orlean police station Shaw be be fingerprinted . he seem rattle . Police officer try to get the press under control . officer name ? first , middle , last . shaw clay lavergne Shaw . officer habighorst address ? shaw 1313 dauphine , New Orleans . officer habighorst ever use any aliase ? shaw clay Bertrand . habighorst note it as routinely as Shaw seem to have say it , without think , possibly preoccupy by thought of press people push in . officer habighorst next of kin ? newsman 12 Mr. Shaw - what do you have to say ? montage - newsreel music we see a shot of the exterior of the justice Department in 1967 . justice department conference room the act Attorney General speak to the press . attorney general yes , Mr. Shaw be include in we investigation and there be no connection find at all between Shaw and the President 's assassin . garrison' office - conference room ( 1967 ) Jim confront a pack room . Bill be with he . jim if Mr. Shaw have no connection to the assassination , why do the FBI investigate he ? and why , if they do , be he name not mention once in the entire 26 volume of the Warren report , even it if be to clear he name ? I doubt this Attorney General would qualify for my staff . we see a shot of the Supreme Court building in Washington , D.C. and then a corridor inside the building . a Chief justice , look gray and wise like Earl Warren , move along the corridor in he black robe deliver he verdict to the press . chief justice no , I do not think so . Mr. garrison have present absolutely nothing publicly to contradict we finding . as yet I have not hear one fact to refute the Commission determination that Lee oswald be the lone killer . in he own office , Jim respond to justice Warren . jim I congratulate Mr. Shaw . most witness have to wait for trial before they be allow to produce sacred cow like the Chief justice of the land as a character witness , who be of course not under oath and free from the law of perjury . newsman 13 Mr. garrison , if what you say be even partly true in this case , you realize you be damaging the credibility of we government , possibly destroy it ? jim let I ask you ... be a government worth preserve when it lie to the people ? it have become a dangerous country , sir , when you can not trust anyone anymore , when you can not tell the truth . I say let justice be do , though the heaven fall . it do not play with the press . they shuffle off , quiet , whisper . garrison' house ( 1967 ) Liz and Jim watch , silently devastate , as the NBC " white paper " unfold , attack Jim . they can do nothing . Liz leave the room , upset . HOTEL suite - new orlean ( 1967 ) Julia Ann mercer , 28 , look at Jim with sincere eye . her husband , a prosperous Republican businessman , watch from the corner . Jim - along with Al - have she testimony in front of he . jim in the sheriff 's report , Mrs. mercer , it say you be at dealey Plaza two hour before the assassination but that ... mercer yes , it be about 11 in the morning . I be drive west on elm Street toward the triple underpass , in a rent car - a blue valiant . I will never forget that day . flashback to dealey Plaza in 1963 . it 's a normal scene - car , traffic , people start to arrive for Kennedy 's appearance . we catch a glimpse of Julia Ann mercer , 23 , drive , then stop traffic . mercer ... there be quite a bit of traffic and I be stop alongside a green pickup truck . it be very noticeable because it be block traffic and it be park with two wheel on the curb . when I see the gun , I think - the secret service be not very secret . she glance over at the man in the driver 's seat . it 's Jack Ruby , wear a green jacket . then she see a young white man in he mid - 20' , in a gray jacket , brown pants , plaid shirt and wool stock hat , get out of the passenger side , go to the rear of the van , open a tool compartment and remove a package that look like a rifle wrap in paper . he walk up the embankment in the direction of the picket fence . Ruby look over and stare at Julia Ann , who turn away and notice three police officer stand near a motorcycle on the overpass bridge . her eye lock with Ruby 's a second time and as the traffic move , she drive on . mercer the next morning , Saturday , I go to the FBI office and the agent show I photograph ... in the Dallas FBI office , mercer sit at a table look at photo . two FBI agent stand near she show she photo . she shake she head " no " several time , until they put a shot of Jack Ruby in front of she . she hold it up . mercer I pick out three picture that look generally like the driver of the truck and then ... mercer that 's the man . FBI agent ( to second agent ) Jack Ruby . second agent what about this other ? you say they might be he . mercer they look a little like he . but no , ( hold up the Ruby photo ) I be sure this be the man . back in the present , Jim continue to question mercer . jim you mean you identify he on Saturday , the day before Ruby shot oswald ? mercer that 's right . when I see he on tv , I be shocked . I say to my family , " that be the man I see in the truck . " jim ( skeptical ) but you do not seem nearly so sure in you statement to the Warren Commission . mercer that 's what bother I , Mr. garrison . you see , they have be alter . my statement ... Jim be silent . mercer pick up the report and find the pertinent paragraph : mercer this say " mercer could not identify any of the photograph as be identical with the person she have observe slouched over the wheel of a green Ford pickup truck . " that 's not true . I recognize he and I tell they so ... they also say it be a dark green air conditioning truck , which it be not . and here ... ( she go to another report ) ...on the Dallas sheriff 's report . this be really strange . see that notarize signature on the bottom of each page ? that 's not my signature . and there never be any notary present during any of my question . ( she hand the papers back to Jim ) I guess that 's all ... jim Mrs. mercer , as a former FBI man , it 's difficult to accept this . mercer I know , but Mr. garrison , the FBI be just not do they job . husband I be a Republican , Mr. garrison , and I do not go in for this kind of government bashing , but I must tell you something 's not right when they do not even bother to call Julia in front of the Warren Commission . jim they do not call a lot of people , Mr. mercer . I think it 's safe to say the Warren report be a work of fiction . dallas club - night ( 1967 ) beverly , a woman of ample proportion and a big , cute Texas face , ex-club singer , meet with Jim and Lou ivon in a nightclub not unlike Ruby 's carousel . lou beverly , tell Mr. garrison about the carousel club . beverly ( v.o. ) oh yes , I use to go over there a lot to see Jack and especially my friend jada who dance there . it be the real swinging spot in town . everybody come . businessman , politician from Austin , lyndon Johnson 's friend ... Dallas be a slow town back then . you chew toothpick , play dominos , spit and date policeman . but Jack 's be exciting . there be always cop there . Jack like them around , but he use to throw the drunk out himself , ' cause he be kinda a violent - tempere man ... it seem everybody in that day know Jack be with the mob . the cop be " bad " back then - they would shake you down for the money in you pocket . they put a lotta people in the cemetery , especially color people . lou beverly , what about Lee ? jada and beverly sit down at the table with ferrie , oswald , and Jack , with Jack do the buy . it 's too loud to hear anything . beverly ( v.o. ) oh , yeah . one time I come in , Jack introduce I to this two guy . he say , " beverly , this be my friend Lee ... " and I do not catch the other guy 's name . he be a weird - look guy with that funny little eyebrow . the other guy , Lee , do not make much of a impression either . he be not good - look or nuthin' , he do not look like he have any money , and he be in a bad mood , so I do not pay he much mind . well , I might not remember a name , but I always remember a face . when I see he tow week later on the television , I scream , " oh , my God - that 's he ! that 's Jack 's friend ! " I know right then it have something to do with the mafia ... well , about a week later , after she tell the newspaper she would meet this guy Lee with Jack , jada disappear off the face of the Earth ... the camera move in on jada beverly ( v.o. ) never know what happen to she till herman offer to sell I she wardrobe . I say , " but jada 's come back , " and I remember the way he smile ... and I know she be never come back . back to the 1967 scene . jim will you testify , beverly ? beverly I do not think so , sir . lou I think when we come here , we have a agreement . beverly I just do not want to become another statistic like she . if they can kill the President , do you think they be gonna think twice about a two - bit showgirl like I ? lou we could call you in , beverly . jim I know the pressure you be under , beverly . do not think I do not . ( as he exit ) I understand . dissolve to dealey plaza ( 1967 ) we view be from the roof of the building on the extreme south side of the Plaza . j.c. price , the building engineer , in hat and overall , point for Jim and Lou . price ( v.o. ) ... yes , sir , right here on this spot . the shot come from near that wooden fence over there , near the overpass . the camera tighten on the picket fence . price I see a man run from this spot and go behind the Book depository - 30 minute later I give this information to the sheriff . on the overpass near dealey Plaza , S.M. Holland , a tan , elderly , leather - face signal supervisor , point to the picket fence for Jim and Lou . his accent be thick and rural . we see he before , briefly , when Jim be read the Warren report . holland I make it very clear to the Warren people one of the shot come from behind that picket fence . I hear the report and see the smoke come out about 6 or 8 foot above the ground , right out from under that tree . there be no doubt whatsoever in my mind ... flashback to the restage shoot . the smoke hang under the tree . CUT to Richard dodd on the overpass . he 's a cowboy type with a hat and a even thicker accent than Holland . dodd ( point ) ...we , all four of we , all railroad man , stand here , see about the same thing . the smoke come from behind the hedge - and a motorcycle policeman drop he cycle in the street and run up the embankment ... flashback to the motorcycle ... back to 1967 . Jim and Lou walk with dodd and Holland near the picket fence . we feel the emptiness of the area now and see the normal amount of traffic drive by . holland ... we come around here to look for track . it rain that morning and we find a bunch of cigarette butt . someone would be stand about here ... the camera show the " spot " and Lou sighting . lou this be a good spot , chief , for the head shot . Jim look , relive the moment . later Jim and Lou stand on the south side of elm Street in dealey Plaza talk to Jean Hill , a attractive , 30 - ish teacher . her demeanor have a rock -solid Texas back - country conviction to it ; she 's a woman not easily frighten . jean hill I be stand here next to my friend Mary mooman , who take the photograph when he be kill ... we see a flash of the moorman photograph - a blurry Polaroid with the President in the foreground and the picket fence in background . we will return to this photograph in more detail later . jean hill I jump out in the street and yell , " hey Mr. President , look over here , we wanna take you picture . " he look up and then shot ring out . Mary fall to the ground right away , shouting , " get down , they be shoot , get down , they be shoot . " I know it but I be move to get closer to he . the driver have stop - I do not know what be wrong with that driver . and then , out of the corner of my eye , I see this flash of light , in the bush and that last shot ... just rip he head off , I mean , blood , brain , just blow everything ... flashback to the day of the shoot . we hear the sound of shot and see the grassy knoll from Jean 's point of view . jean hill I look up and see smoke from the knoll . and everything be freeze - seem like people be not even breathe , like you be look at a picture - except this one guy . I see this one guy run from the Book depository towards the railroad track . and that be the same man I see on tv two day later shoot oswald . that be Jack Ruby . no question about it . blurry image - we be not at all sure what or who or if ... but a seed be plant . we see smoke - the same smoke bower see ... then Jack Ruby in a brown coat run from the Book depository toward the railroad track . then we see Jean 's view as she run toward the knoll along with other . there be yell , shout , and general confusion . jean hill it be he I be chase up the grassy knoll , think we guy have shot back and maybe we get one of they . I do not know what I would have do if I have catch he , but I know something terrible have happen and somebody have to do something . at the picket fence , we see blurry image of police officer , railroad worker , cigarette butt , buddy footprint , confusion ... * jean hill I never do catch he . all I see in that parking area be railroad worker and Dallas ' finest . two secret service type approach she suddenly , and one of they put a arm on she shoulder . first agent secret service , mar 'am . you be come with we . jean hill oh no , I be not . I do not know you . we gotta catch this shooter - do not you realize ? second agent ( grab she other shoulder ) I say you be come with we . I want the picture in you pocket . jean hill ( v.o. ) ...he put a hurt on I but good . jean hill I do not have any picture ! I have to go back and find my friend Mary . lemme alone ! the two agent hustle she away . first agent hush ! just smile and keep walk . Hill , 32 year old that day , be show into a third floor office of the County court Building - which have a view of the assassination area . other secret service agent be there . some 18 people be detain there . time CUT to two man interrogate Hill . jean hill ( v.o. ) this new people never identify themselves . they musta be watch the whole thing ' cause they know everything Mary and I have be do that day . I guess I be not too hard to find - wear that red raincoat . man how many shot you say you hear ? jean hill four to six . man that 's impossible . you hear echoe ... echoe . we have three bullet and three shot which come from the Book depository and that 's all we be willing to say . jean hill ( v.o. ) ... which be strange ' cause this be less than 20 minute after the assassination . jean hill no , I see a guy shoot from over there . he be behind that fence . what be you go to do about it ? man we have that take care of . you only hear three shot and you be not to talk to anyone about this . no one , you hear ? jean hill ( v.o. ) I be scared . it be all kinda queer , but it sure feel like two and two be come up three ... and then they take Mary 's five snapshot from I , send they to Washington , and when they return they week later , two of they have the background mutilate ... the only one we save be in Mary 's camera . I do not want to go to Washington when the Warren Commission subpoena I ... so the lawyer come down here and interview I at parkland Hospital . in a parkland Hospital office in 1964 , a lawyer interview Jean Hill . a female stenographer take note . jean hill he ask I why I think I be in danger and I say : jean hill well if they can kill the President , they can certainly get I . lawyer that do not make sense , Mrs. Hill . we have the man that kill the President . jean hill no , you do not ! jean hill he keep try to get I to change my story about the shot . he be get hot under the collar , and tell the woman not to write when he want . jean hill look , do you want the truth , or just what you want I to say ? lawyer I want the truth . jean hill the truth be that I hear between four and six shot . I be not go to lie for you . lawyer ... you hear echoe . jean hill no . I have gun all my life . I use to go turtle shoot . lawyer I realize you be under a great deal of stress .. it 's cloud you judgement . jean hill ( v.o. ) so off the record , he start talk about my family , and even mention my marriage be in trouble like I do not know it or something . he get angrier and angrier and then : lawyer look , we can put you in a mental institution . we can make you look crazier and marguerite oswald , and everybody know how crazy she be . jean hill ( v.o. ) I know something be crooked as a dog 's hind leg , ' cause no one who be just take a deposition get that involved and angry ... sure enough , when I finally read my testimony as publish by the Warren Commission , it be a fabrication from start to finish . jim be you willing to testify , Mrs. Hill ? back at the knoll . jean hill ( without hesitation ) damned right I would . somebody 's get to tell the truth around here ' cause the government sure be not do it . dissolve to a scene inside the Texas School Book depository in 1967 . Jim and Lou walk the floor and look out the window . Lou have a mannlicher - carcano in he hand with a sight and clip . we see oswald 's suppose view of the limousine as he pull the trigger . now , innocuous traffic go by , but the iris of the camera tighten into a sniper 's scope . lou the Zapruder film establish 3 shot in 5.6 second . here . I be oswald . time I . Lou cock the mannlicher for the first shot . Jim look at this watch . Lou assume the oswald pose , crouch at the window aim out . jim go ! Lou pull , quickly recharge the bolt , fire , recycle , fire . lou time ? jim between six and seven second . lou the key be the second and third shot come right on top of each other , and it take a minimum 2.3 second to recycle this thing . ( he recycle the bolt for fire ) the other problem be there be a tree right there ... ( he point ) block the first two shot at the time they occur in the Zapruder film . jim do not Hoover say something about that ? the leave have fall off in November ? lou it be a Texas live oak , boss . ( he shake he head ) it shed it 's leave the first week of March . you try to hit a move target at 88 yard through heavy foliage with this cheap 13 - dollar sucker , the world 's worst shoulder weapon . no way . the FBI try two set of test and not one of they sharpshooter could match oswald 's performance . not one . and oswald be at best a medium shot . the scope be defective on it , too . I mean this be the whole essence of the case to I . the guy could not do the shoot . nobody could . and they sell this lemon to the american public . jim the Zapruder film be the proof they do not count on , Lou . we gotta get we hand on it . lou that mean we gotta subpoena time - life on it . jim ( look out the window ) why not just shoot Kennedy come up Houston ? there 's plenty of time - he 's out in the open - a frontal shot ? Jim point the carcano south , right up Houston Street , follow a car that happen to be pass by - a convertible with a unknown woman drive . lou I ask myself the same thing . common sense . even if you miss the first shot , if he accelerate you still get he for a second shot . no ... the only reason for wait to get he on elm be you get he in a triangulate crossfire . you get he on a flat low trajectory from the front at the fence there . the camera swing to the grassy knoll and the picket fence as see from the sixth floor of the depository . lou ... you put a third team there - in that building , on a low floor . the camera swing to the daltex Building across the street . lou when Kennedy get to the kill zone , it 's a turkey shoot . jim ( aim ) how many man ? lou one shooter . one spotter on a radio . maybe three team . I would say this be professional riflemen , chief , serious people . hunters ... patient . it take skill to kill with a rifle , that 's why there 's be no execution of a executive with one in 200 year ... " 3- 2 -1... green ! " ( he tap Jim on the shoulder ) or else " abort ! abort ! " Jim pull the dead trigger , relive the moment through the scope on a pass car . lou Main Street 's over there - the original parade route on the way to the Trade Mart . too far right ? impossible shot . Jim swing the scope up to confront Main Street . another car be in he sight . too far . lou so they change the route to bring it this way . move at a normal 25 mph , they know the motorcade would have to slow to about 10 mile per hour to make this turn . that 's where you get he . the camera swing to the Houston and Main intersection . jim who do you think change the parade route ? lou beat I . City official . secret service . Dallas police . they do a dry run with Chief curry a few day before . but they do not bother run through dealey . they stop right there , say something like , " and afterwards there 's only the freeway , " and go home . jim you know who the mayor be ? lou no . jim earle cabell . and guess who he brother be ? lou who ? jim General Charles cabell . deputy director of the CIA . fire by Kennedy in ' 61 because of the Bay of Pigs fiasco , he move back to the Pentagon , call Kennedy a " traitor " . when he come to New Orleans to address the foreign policy Association , you know who introduce he ? we friend clay Shaw . lou the Warren Commission call he ? jim ( shaking he head ) his boss be the one on the Warren Commission who handle all the lead to the intelligence community . lou Allen dulle ? jim ( he nod ) head of the CIA since ' 53 . Kennedy fire they both . cabell be he deputy for nine year . ( sicken ) talk about the fox investigate the chicken coop . now we will have to subpoena they , Lou . lou they be gonna love you , chief . Lou walk to another window in the empty Book depository where oswald supposedly do he dirty deed and look out over the plaza , with all its ghost . Jim and Lou be two man - with only two men' power . a terrible aloneness pervade they mind . jim maybe we should just call it a day , Lou . go home . while we be still a little behind . we get two people kill , maybe more we never think about . lou you never get anyone kill , boss . they action kill they year before . if we stop now , it would be even more wrong . flashback to 1963 - the sixth floor of the Texas School Book depository - the same place Jim and Lou be now . Jim look around and see one shooter and one spotter with a lunchbox radio , in repairman clothes . Jim be watch . neither of this man be oswald . we hear the sound of the motorcade below . the shooter pull the trigger on the carcano . a loud frightening sound snap Jim back to the present . jim ( in present ) subpoena they , Lou - dulle , the cabell , time-life ... the whole damned lot of them ! garrison' office - 9 month later - 1968 we see another smoke - fill conference of assistant . paperwork be stack in the corner almost to the ceiling ; there be coffee cup and doughnut on desk . the disorganization and lack of resource be apparent . the staff work on this project now number some eleven people , and there be some new investigator and assistant . we sense that the trial be draw closer . al the U.S. Attorney in Washington " decline " to serve we subpoena on Allen dulle , Charles cabell , CIA director Richard helm , or any FBI agent we name . jim well , what do you expect from a pig but a grunt . al without they , it 's go to be near impossible , chief , to prove Shaw 's connection to the CIA . we get the same problem with the governor . all of they . Reagan in California will not give we brading , Ohio refuse orville townsend , Texas on arcacha , and nebraska on Sandra moffet . bill what the hell be go on ? never before have a extradition request from this office be refuse . al we have not try to get Julia Anne mercer in ? jim no , she could get hurt . if you believe what 's happen to this other people . numa she 's the best damn witness we have ! jim I just do not want to do it . what else ? numa be open another stack of letter . the dollar bill keep come . he point to two giant stack of mail . numa hate mail here . fan mail here . the bad news be the IRS have just request a audit on you income from this office . jim ( he snort ) I expect that two month ago , and they be waste they time ... the bad news be the National Guard have just ask I to resign after 18 year . ( we see he hurt ) well , maybe that 's good news - it be never as good as combat , but this be . Bill , any more on oswald and Shaw ? bill yeah . they be see together in Clinton in early September . the Civil rights Movement be run a voter registration drive . bill ... rumor be Shaw , a local boy , be work on some arm deal to discredit the civil rights movement . no one really know what they be do there , but everyone sure see them . they stand out like cottonballs . I get white and black see them , but last time I check there be nothing illegal with register to vote . we still get the negro junkie , Vernon Bundy , see them talkin ' at the seawall near Lake pontchartrain . but it 's tough , boss - no one want to talk about Shaw . he 's ... lou ( back to present ) you know you keep say that . bill keep say what ? lou you be not digging . jim I think Clinton be a breakthrough . Shaw deny he know ferrie or oswald . be that right ? it prove he 's a liar . keep on it , Bill . ( a look from Lou ) susie this be interesting - be you ready for this ? oswald go to see the FBI two week before the assassination . it seem special agent hosty make three routine visit to he house , supposedly to keep a eye on marina oswald . flashback to Dallas FBI Office in 1963 . oswald be at the counter address the female receptionist . oswald I want to see special agent hosty . receptionist I be sorry , he 's not in . can someone else help you ? oswald can I use a pen ? susie ( v.o. ) he leave a note . hosty tell a Dallas newspaperman it be a warning to he to stop question marina at they home when oswald be not present . she be not a citizen , so possibly he be threaten to deport she back to Russia . timecut to FBI James hosty confront he agitate superior , FBI agent shanklin in one of he cubicle . susie but what the note really say no one know because he boss shanklin tell hosty ... shanklin ( read the note ) oswald 's dead now . there 's no trial . get rid of it . I do not even want this in the office . get rid of it , hosty . ( he give it back to hosty ) susie ( v.o. ) hosty tore it up and flushed it down the toilet . waggoner carr , the Attorney General of Texas , say he have evidence from the Dallas sheriff 's office that oswald have be employ as a undercover informant for the FBI at a salary of $ 200 a month , beginning more than a year before the murder . jim ( in present ) this be just speculation , people , but what if the note be describe the assassination attempt on j.f.k .? ( the staff seem surprised by the think ) come on guy , think - that 's the only reason to destroy it , because if it be any kind of threat , like hosty say , they would have keep it ' cause it make they case against the " angry lone nut " stronger ! remember the New Orleans meeting with agent quigley the day he get bust ? flashback to oswald , under arrest , meeting with quigley . jim ... there again quigley destroy the note of the meeting . I think we can raise the possibility that oswald not only be a informant but that he may well have be the original source for the telex we have date November 17 warning of the Kennedy assassination in Dallas on November 22 . hold up the telex . we see a close - up : " urgent to all sac from director . " jim William walter , the night clerk on duty here in the FBI office , give I a copy of this . it go all over the country . nothing be do , and the motorcade go ahead on schedule - and this be not even mention in the Warren report ! read it , Al . al ( v.o. ) " threat to assassinate President Kennedy in Dallas , Texas , November 22 - 23 . information receive by the Bureau have determine that a militant revolutionary group may attempt to assassinate President Kennedy on he propose trip to Dallas , Texas , etc , etc ... " flashback to New Orleans FBI office in 1963 . walter , the night clerk , receive the teletype , read it , and run it . jim ( v.o. ) ... shortly after the assassination , walter say , the telex be remove from all the file in all city , as a obvious embarrassment to the Bureau . I believe oswald be send information through hosty ... flashback to a Dallas safe house in 1963 . oswald , Ruby , and several cuban include the bull and the indian be talk . jim I have a hunch that from the get go , oswald have infiltrate this group , probably cuban or right - wing extremist . he be at the Book depository that day , tell to be there by they handler , either to prevent the assassination or to take part in it . they coulda tell he anything , either 1 ) they be go to close down the plotter that day , or 2 ) they be go to fake a attack on Kennedy to whip up public opinion against Russia or Cuba and reverse he policy - it do not really matter what they tell he , ' cause he be under order , he be a foot soldier . underneath the voice- over we hear and see oswald , with a floor plan of the Book depository , at the center of the group . Jack Ruby , bull , and the indian , two or three young cuban and a young white shooter - the man in the plaid shirt describe by Julia Ann mercer - be also there . oswald ( to the two young cuban ) I can get you in and up there . this be a shot out the southeast window of the sixth floor . that floor will be unoccupy between noon and one . bull what about the elevator ? oswald I can close it off . the only access be a stairwell . bull we get they in as a air-condition unit . ruby no . a floor refurbish group . get the van , the uniform ... oswald ( he back to the screen ) ... if we can get the motorcade to turn from Main onto Houston , that will do the trick , ' cause it will slow down to make the turn here . you can not miss . ( to the two young cuban ) he 's a dead duck . Ruby share a look with bull unbeknownst to oswald , and then we see the look on the face of Jim 's team . bill I do not buy it , chief - why would the FBI cover it up ? you be talk the whole FBI here . a telex that disappear from every single FBI office in the country ? jim there 's a word - order . back in garrison 's office in 1968 . susie or a cover up ! Jesus , Bill , do not you have enough proof of the FBI 's complicity now ? bill ( to susie ) maybe I have a little more respect for this country 's institution than you do , susie . you tell I how the hell you can keep a conspiracy go between the mob , the CIA , FBI , and Army Intelligence and who know what else , when you know you can not even keep a secret in this room between 12 people ! we get leak everywhere ! we be go to trial here ! what the hell do we really get ? oswald , Ruby , banister , ferrie be dead . Shaw - maybe he 's a agent , I do not know , but as a covert operator in my book he 's wide open for blackmail ' cause of he homosexuality . jim Shaw 's we toehold , Bill . I do not know exactly what he be , where he fit , and I do not care . I do know he 's lie through he tooth and I be not gonna let go of he ! bill so for that reason , you be go to trial against clay Shaw , chief ? well , you be gonna lose ! we should be investigate all we mafia lead here in New Orleans - carlos marcello , Santos trafficante - I can buy that a hell of a lot easier than the government . Ruby 's all mob , know oswald , set he up . hoffa - trafficante - marcello , they hire some gun and they do Kennedy and maybe the government do not want to open up a whole can o'worm there because it use the mob to get to castro . y'know , castro be assassinate sound pretty wild to John q. citizen . so they close the book on j.f.k . it make sense to I . jim I do not doubt they involvement , Bill , but at a low level . could the mob change the parade route , Bill , or eliminate the protection for the President ? could the mob send oswald to Russia and get he back ? could the mob get the FBI , the CIA , and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation ? could the mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up ? could the mob wreck the autopsy ? could the mob influence the national media to go to sleep ? and since when have the mob use anything but .38 's for hit , up close ? the mob would not have the gut or the power for something of this magnitude . assassin need payroll , order , time , schedule . this be a military - style ambush from start to finish ... a coup d'etat with lyndon Johnson wait in the wing . bill oh , now you be say lyndon Johnson be involved ? the President of the United States ? his voice be challenging . there 's a pause . the man exchange look and wait . jim I know this , Bill - lyndon Johnson get $ 1 billion for he Texas friend , Brown and root , to dredge cam ranh Bay for the military in Vietnam . that 's just for opener . bill boss , be you call the President a murderer ? jim if I be so far from the truth , why be the FBI bugging we office ? why be we witness be buy off and murder ? why be Federal agency block we extradition and subpoena when we be never block before ? bill maybe ' cause there 's some rogue element in the government ! the other in the room groan at the reason . Bill feel embitter , cornere . jim with a full - blow conspiracy to cover it up ? y'ever read you Shakespeare , Bill ? bill yeah . jim julius caesar : " brutus and cassius , they too be honorable man . " who kill caesar ? twenty , twenty - five Senators . all it take be one juda , Bill - a few people , on the inside , Pentagon , CIA ... bill ( he get up ) this be Louisiana , chief . how the hell do you know who you daddy be ? ' Cause you momma tell you so ... you be way out there take a crap in the wind , boss , and I for one be not go along on this one . ( he exit ) Jim sigh , sadden . Bill be one of he best man . lou Chief , I have have my doubt about Bill for a long time . he 's fight everything . jim we need he back . al Bill waste a goddamn month try to prove that mob boy like bard and Jack Ruby play ball in right field with hunt oil . lou I do not trust the guy . jim ( stand ) gentlemen , I will not hear this . I value Bill as much as anyone here . ( Lou react angrily ) we all need to make room for someone else 's idea , Lou , especially I . maybe oswald be what everyone say he be and I be just plain dumb wrong . al I have see he copying file , leave here late at night . lou I just plain do not trust he anymore . jim ( angry ) maybe you do not hear what I say . I will not tolerate this infight among the staff , I warn you that ... lou ( suddenly ) boss , then I be afraid I can not continue work with Bill . tension , silence . jim ( pause , then quietly ) be you give I a ultimatum , Lou ? lou well , if that 's what you want to call it . I do not ever think it would come to this . I guess I be , boss . jim I will not have any damned ultimatum put to I , Lou . I will accept you resignation . lou you sure get it . you be one stubborn and stupid sonofabitch d.a. and you be make one hell of a mistake ! he storm out . susie be not you be a little hard ? jim no , I do not think I be , susie . anyone else ? garrison' live room - ( 1968 ) it 's after dinner and toy scattered around the live room . snapper be chase he sister Elizabeth around . Virginia , 6 , run to the ringing phone in the live room , as she mother and mattie , stunne , watch the news of Martin luther King 's death on tv . mattie my God ! my God ! what have they do ! ( angrily ) it 's lynchin ' time ! virginia I will get it . ( into phone ) hello . male voice hello . be this Jim garrison 's daughter ? virginia yes ? male voice Virginia or Elizabeth ? virginia Virginia . male voice Virginia , you be a lucky little girl . you daddy have enter you in a beauty contest . would you like to be in a beauty contest ? virginia that sound fun . male voice I need some information from you then . how old be you ? virginia six . male voice and how tall be you ? CUT to Jim 's study , where Jim also watch the news in horror . we see tv image of Martin luther King on the motel balcony , dead . newsman 9 to repeat - 39 - year-old Martin luther King , who preach non-violence and win the Nobel peace Prize , be cut down earlier today by a sniper 's bullet while stand on the porch of the lorraine Motel in Memphis , Tennessee . he be surround by he close aide . the police say they have no suspect at this time . Mr. King ... Jim , visibly shake , slam he book down on the desk in frustration . back to the male voice on the phone . male voice and you get of from school at 3 every day ? virginia yes . male voice do you walk home ? virginia uh huh . Liz come to the phone , a wary look on she face . liz ( take the phone ) who be you talk to ? male voice okay , Virginia , that 's all I need to know . I will call you again when it 's time for the beauty contest . liz who 's this ?... hello ?... hello ? after a pause , the man hang up . virginia ( excited ) mama , I be go to be in a beauty contest ! liz what do he ask you ? virginia well , he ask I everything . he ask I ... Liz freak out . she march into Jim 's study . liz do you enter Virginia into a beauty contest ? jim ( absorb in the tv ) what ? liz ( hysterical ) a man just call . he ask she everything ! her height , she weight , when she come home from school . jim ( distract ) honey , some crackpot . Martin luther King be kill in Memphis today ! liz ( scream ) you daughter 's life be just threaten ! jim just a crank make phone call . happens a dozen time a day at the office . liz we home , Jim ! a kidnapper , a murderer , who know ! jim only coward make crank call , sweetheart , nothing be go to happen . liz how do you know ? how do you even know what go on in this house anymore ! you be too busy make speech , stir up every craze klansman in Louisiana after we ! jim get a hold of yourself . liz I be leave . I be take the kid and I be leave ! I will not stand it anymore . the kid , hearing the shouting , come to watch from the door of the study . jim honey , come on . the government want you to be scared . they want everybody to be scared to speak out . they count on it . but there 's nothing to be scared of . liz you and you government ! what 's the matter with you ? do not you have any feeling ? you daughter ! what kind of man be you ? Jim control himself , shoos the kid out , close the door . jim I will take they up to my mother 's if it will make you feel better . spend a week . I will change the lock , the phone line , I will even get a bodyguard , all right ? Elizabeth , get a hold of yourself . liz Jim , before this Kennedy thing , nothing matter to you in this life more than you child . the other night jasper try to show you a draw . you do not even notice he be there . he come to I bawling he little eye out . Jim , he 's sensitive - he need more from you . jim I promise I will make more time for jasper . liz be it such a chore ? I do not understand you . jim damn it , if I say I will spend more time with he , I will spend more time with he . I can not fight you and the world too , Liz . liz I be not fight you , Jim , I be just try to reach you . you have change . jim of course , I have change ! my eye have open , and once they be open , believe I , what use to look normal seem insane ! and now King . do not you think this have something to do with that ? can not you see ? liz ( she explode ) I do not want to see , goddammit ! I be tired . I have have enough ! they say you do not have anything anyway ! everybody in town 's talk . you be ruin this man Shaw 's life ! you be attack he because he 's homosexual ! go ahead with this stupid " trial " ! do you ever once stop and consider what he 's go through ? jim ( astound ) that 's not why I be attack he ! you do not believe I - all this time you never believe I . liz oh , I do not know anymore ! I believe there be a conspiracy , but not the government . I just want to raise we child and live a normal life ! I want my life back ! the child press in at the door . mattie , ignore they , be enraged as she watch King 's eulogy on tv . riot be already break out . jim well so do I , goddammit ! so do I ! I have a life too , y'know - I have a life , too . but you just can not bury you head in the sand like some ostrich , goddammit , Elizabeth ! it 's not just about you - and you well - be and you two car and you kitchen and you tv and " I be jes fine honey . " while we kid grow up into a shithole of lie ! well , I be not " fine " about that , I be angry . my life be fuck , Liz ! and yours be , too ! and if you do not want to support I I can understand that but do not you go start make threat of take the child away . liz you never talk to I this way before , Jim garrison . I be not make any threat . I be leave you . I be take the kid to my mother 's . I be - I be . she run out , past the stunne kid , sobbing as she go up the stair . Jim pursue she like a angry spirit , yell up the stair at she . jim go on then , get out ! go hide someplace . join the rest of they ! they will tell you I be crazy . you get plenty of people will tell you Jim garrison 's crazy . you will not have a problem filing you divorce papers on I ... somebody 's get to try , goddammit , somebody ! the kid move away , fearful . quaking with rage and hurt , Jim stand there at the bottom of the stair , strangle with pain . he take a law dictionary in he hand and throw it across the room . jasper and Virginia come over to he . jasper be we go away , daddy ? jim well , it look like it , jasper . jasper because of Kennedy ? ( a beat . Jim do not answer ) be the same people gonna kill we , daddy ? jim no , jasper , nobody 's gonna kill we . virginia do you love we ? jim yes , of course I do , honey . virginia no . I mean like mommy love we . she really love we . jasper I be scared . jim ( bend down ) there 's nothing wrong with feel a little scared , jasper , Virginia . telling the truth can be a scary thing . it scared President Kennedy , but he be a brave man . if you let yourself be too scared , then you let the bad guy take over the country , do not you - and then everybody get scared . jasper / virginia stay with Mom , daddy ... please . jerry johnson show - ( 1968 ) the band strike up " when the Saints go march in " introduce Jim , who stride in from the wing to shake hand with Jerry Johnson , the friendly - look host . sidekick and now , Jerry , here 's Big Jim garrison , District Attorney of New Orleans , Louisiana . the audience be enthusiastic . Jim smile and wave , then sit down next to Johnson . johnson welcome , District Attorney garrison . May I call you Jim ? jim I have be call everything under the sun , Jerry . call I whatever you like . he read from a script on the desk . johnson first we have you charge that the Cuban exile kill the President , then the mob , then you say the oil billionaire do it , then you say the minuteman and the ku klux klan collaborate to do it , now you latest theory seem to be that the CIA and the FBI and the Pentagon and the White House all combine in some elaborate conspiracy to kill John Kennedy . let I ask you , be there anyone besides Lee harvey oswald who you think do not conspire to kill the President ? he fix he eye on Jim , wait for a reply . a weariness have set in on Jim . once more into the slaughter . jim how many hour do I have to answer that one ? well let 's just say this , Jerry - I have stop beat my wife . ( the audience laugh ) or maybe you should ask lyndon Johnson . we know he have some answer . the audience , loving it , cheer . Johnson look at Jim blankly , and read the next question on he list . johnson there have be a number of report in reputable news media - time , Newsweek , we own NBC - that you have go way beyond the legal mean available to a prosecutor , that you have intimidate and drugge witness , bribe they , urge they to commit perjury . what be you response ? jim you faith in the veracity of the major media be touch , Jerry . it indicate that the Age of innocence be not yet over . but seriously , Jerry , people be not interested in Jim garrison - they want the hard evidence ! they want to know why he be kill and what force be oppose to ... johnson ( interrupt ) some people would say you be paranoid . jim well , if I be , why be the government conceal evidence ? johnson be they ? why would they ? jim ( pull out he briefcase ) that 's exactly my question , Jerry . maybe I would better show you some picture so you can begin to understand what I be talk about . he pull out a large blowup of the Allen photo of the three hobo and start to hold it up in front of the camera . jim this arrest be photograph minute after the assassination , and be never show to the american public . they show ... it take Johnson a few moment to realize what 's happen . when he do , he lunge like a cobra for the photograph , pull Jim 's arm down so the picture be out of the camera 's view . johnson ( sharply ) picture like this do not show up on television ! jim ( hold the picture up again ) sure they do . the camera can pick this up . johnson ( yanking he arm down ) no , it can not ! Jim swing the picture up a third time , but the stage director give a " cut " signal - finger across the throat - and the red light on the camera blink off . the monitor show another camera pan the audience . jim ( quickly realize he 's about to be cut off ) that man you just see be arrest in Dallas minute after the assassination . they be never see again . no record of arrest , no fingerprint , no mugshot , nothing . they all get away . the director frantically give Johnson the " cut " sign . johnson we will be back after this message . the audience cheer as the commercial come on . garrison' home - ( 1968 ) Jim come home . his wife and two of the child be wait in the doorway . they kiss . Al oser interrupt . al Jim , bad news . Bill 's turn , boss . I think he 's give everything we have get to the fed . numa we study the memo - there be nothing there , chief , nothing ! when we go to confront he , the landlady say that sonofabitch just take off , leave everything . susie I be sorry . jim I know . liz ( to Jim ) I be sorry . numa something sure scared he . jim Bill do not scare that easy . somebody get to he think . he be never that good a thinker . on the tv , the news be on . newsman 9 much be at stake tonight in California . Public opinion poll show Senator Robert Kennedy of New York lead Senator Eugene mccarthy of Minnesota . they anti-vietnam War message be obviously strike a chord with the voter , and whoever win tonight will certainly emerge as the favorite over vice - President humphrey to win the nomination in Chicago in August . that man now seem to be Senator Kennedy . we see a shot of Robert Kennedy in Los Angeles with he supporter . numa sure sound like he 's win . jim he will never make it . if he win , they will kill he . he want to avenge he brother . he will stop that war . no , they will kill he before they let he become President . Liz share a look with Al and numa . al boss , with broussard they have everything . all we witness , we strategy for the trial . we would have to doublecheck all he work , there could be false lead ... we gotta rethink this trial . we do not have a choice . jim I do not think so , Al . you remember the hemingway story , " the Old man and the Sea " ? ( Al nod ) the old fisherman manage to catch this great fish - a fish so huge he have to tie it to the side of the boat to get it back in . but by the time he reach shore , the fish have long since be pick apart by shark and nothing be leave but the skeleton . numa then what be we go through all this trouble for ? jim it 's a mean to a end . this war have two front - in the court of law , we hope , against the odd , to nail clay Shaw on a conspiracy charge . in the court of public opinion , it could take another 25 or 30 year for the truth to come out , but at least we be go to strike the first blow . liz and if you be wrong ? jim ( rise ) I never doubted for a second that I be . ( softly ) will you come to the trial , Elizabeth ? liz I do not think so , Jim ... she walk out . we see the outside of Jim 's house and hear cricket chirp - the purr of the suburb . Inside , the tv election result be still on . newsman 1 with 53 % of the precinct report , Senator Kennedy continue to hold a lead of 48 % to 41 % over Senator mccarthy . CBS News have project Senator Robert Kennedy the winner of the crucial California primary . Jim be in the kitchen fix himself a sandwich . there 's a strange feel in the house . we hear the wind - a shutter sighing . Jim suddenly do not feel alone in the kitchen . ROBERT kennedy ( voice over on tv ) ... and that be what have be go on within the United States over the last three year - the division , the violence , the disenchantment , whether it 's between black and white , between poor and the more affluent , or between age group or the war in Vietnam - we can start to work together . we be a great country , a unselfish country and a compassionate country . I intend to make that my basis for run . he wave and leave the podium , go back through the kitchen of the hotel . Jim be freeze in he spot , shake . the ghost of Jack Kennedy - as he be before the kill - stare at he through the kitchen , as if encase in a hologram . the hood eye watch Jim without expression . they be communicate , in some strange subliminal way . suddenly shot ring out from the television and there 's pandemonium . newsman 1 ( shake ) senator kennedy have be shot ! we do not know how serious it be yet . senator kennedy have be shot . the television show a scene of confusion . Jim walk out , look at the tv , strike down with he foreknowledge and he inability to do anything about it . in they bedroom upstairs that night , Jim gently wake Liz and hold she . jim they kill he , honey . liz ( groggily ) huh ? jim ( strangle ) he win ... and they kill Robert Kennedy . they shot he down . liz ( realize , with terror ) oh no ! no ! I can not believe it . I can not believe it . both of they , both brother , oh my God ! she cling to he , horrify . he caress she hair . they look in each other 's eye . liz you be right , it have not end , have it ? he kiss she gently - they start to make love , numbe , need each other , need they love in a increasingly terrifying world . jim ( awkward ) I wish I could have love you more ... I feel sometimes like I do not ever .. love you or the child enough ... I be sorry . outside the court build - new orlean -( jan . 1969 ) the scene be like a circus . armed , uniform guard with walkie-talky be everywhere . Guards with rifle be on the rooftop . there be crowd of reporter from around the world and many onlooker . everyone go into the courtroom be frisk by electronic metal detector . inside the courtroom Jim , accompany by mattie , the may , but not he wife , forges he way through a tightly pack crowd to the prosecution table , join Al , susie , numa , and other from he team . Young law student have come to watch . the crowd be noisy to the point of unruliness . suddenly there 's a hush as everyone crane they neck to see clay Shaw and he attorney , irvin dymond and two other , enter the court . Shaw , impeccably dress , he high handsome cheekbone suck on a ever - present cigarette in a porcelain filter ( smoking in court be allow then ) , smile to that who greet he as if they be not really there and limp past Jim with a stony indifference . the clerk start pound the gavel to call the court to order as judge Edward aloysius haggerty sweep in and take the bench . he 's a stocky little Jimmy cagney look alike with fierce blue eye under bushy brow . the juror - nine white man and three black man - all dress in suit and tie , look on . CUT to Willie o' keefe point out clay Shaw . o'keefe that 's clay Bertrand . that 's the man I see at David ferrie 's . irvin dymond cross-examine o'keefe . dymond ( word wafting ) that 's who you say you see ... a confess homosexual , convict of solicitation , pander ... a man who have lie about most everything , who ... time CUT to Vernon Bundy , a poor black man , who point at Shaw . bundy it be that man there , yessir . he be at the pontchartrain wall with the man who shot the President . I remember he cause o' he limp there . dymond a heroin addict , inject himself at the wall , barely conscious ... time CUT to Jim look over at a strange man , matthews , a kind of lawyer , make note and confer with Shaw and dymond . matthews seem to have some authority over both man . corrie Collins , a black woman who be one of the core worker from Clinton , be on the stand . collin ( point at Shaw ) ... that be the man there . he drop oswald off on the voter line . I remember ' cause they be the only white stranger around that morning . that big , black cadillac of he make I think they might be FBI . time CUT to the town Marshall on the stand . town marshall ( look at Shaw ) ... say he be a representative of one International Trade Mart in New Orleans . dymond ... more than five year ago , for two minute . it 's fair to say you could be mistaken , be not it ? time CUT to dymond cross-examing Dean andrew , shaking he head . andrews ... figment of my imagination ... the cat 's stewing I , the oyster 's shuck I I tell he , you get the right at - at but the wrong oh-oh ... Bertrand be not Shaw , scout 's honor and you can tell he I say so ... susie ( counter-arguing ) objection , you honor . this office have win a conviction of perjury against Dean andrew on this matter . dymond exception take . that case be on appeal ! argument follow . time CUT to Charles Goldberg , a mild - look New York accountant , on the stand with dymond cross-examing . dymond ( relishing this ) Mr. Goldberg , you claim you meet David ferrie and clay Shaw while on a vacation here from you accounting business in New York , you have drink and , under the influence discuss kill Kennedy , be that not so ? goldberg I do . dymond why ? goldberg well , I want to make sure she 's the same girl I send . dymond I see ... and why be you experience this paranoia ? goldberg ( launching into he explanation ) well , you see , I have be subject to hypnosis and psychological warfare ever since 1948 , when I be in Korea ... we see the face of people in the courtroom ... the judge 's face ... obviously Goldberg be disturb ( or maybe he be tell the truth , but it do not play well ) ... Jim look at Al sickly . al he be one of broussard 's witness , chief . I be sorry . he be totally sane when we take he affidavit . susie but how do dymond know what to ask ? fuck ! we be dead . goldberg when someone try to get you attention - catch you eye - that 's a clue right off . time CUT to Jim call Officer habighorst to testify . garrison you honor , I call police officer aloysisus habighorst to the stand . habighorst , the clean - cut police officer who book clay Shaw on the day of he arrest , start forward . judge haggerty I be go to have to ask the jury to leave the courtroom . garrison what ? this be a ugly surprise for Jim . we see he at the bench argue loudly with the judge . susie , dymond and Al be also there . judge haggerty I be sorry , Jim , but the defendant do not have he lawyer present when ask . flashback to 1967 , in the New Orleans police station . Shaw be be book . the press be there and habighorst be question he . habighorst any alias ? shaw clay Bertrand . we see a close - up on habighorst type this in . garrison ( v.o. ) Jesus , Ed , from time immemorial it 's be standard book procedure to ask a alias . you know that . there 's no constitutional requirement that say a lawyer have to be present for routine question . judge haggerty I call them as I see them , Jim . I be ruling it inadmissible . garrison that 's we case ! judge haggerty if that 's you case , you do not have a case . I would not believe whatever habighorst say , anyway . garrison I can not believe you be say this in the courtroom . judge haggerty ( feistier ) well , I be say it . bring in the jury . al we be filing for a writ to the appellate court . judge haggerty you do that . dymond go back to Shaw , very please . Shaw smoke , icy . Jim , devastate , sit , feel it 's over . CUT to clay Shaw on the stand . dymond cross -examine he . dymond ... oswald ? shaw no , I do not . dymond ... ever call Dean andrew ? shaw no , I do not . dymond ... and have you ever meet David ferrie ? shaw ( with a smirk of amusement ) no , I would not even know what he look like except for the picture I have be show . dymond ... do you ever use the alias clay Bertrand ? shaw no , I do not . dymond thank you ... Mr. Shaw . Jim rise slowly out of he chair . jim well , a very great actor have just give we a great performance , you honor , but we be nowhere closer to the truth . let it be note , my office be charge clay Shaw with outright perjury on the fifteen answer he have give , not one word of this ... judge haggerty you be out of order , Jim Boy , now sit down . Strike that remark !! CUT to later in the trial . a movie screen have be install for the jury . Jim pace dramatically , as if wait , casting look at the door . member of the press pack the hot room , and a fan turn overhead . jim to prove they be a conspiracy involve clay Shaw we must prove there be more than one man involved in the assassination . to do that , we must look at the Zapruder film , which my office have subpoena . the american public have not see that film because it have be keep lock in a vault in the time -life Building in New York City for the last five year . there be a reason for that . watch . the Zapruder film ( 8 mm ) now roll . we have see piece of it before in the open of the film , but now we see it whole . it be crucial that this piece of film be repeat several time during the trial to drive home a point that be easily lose on casual view . the first view be silent except for the sound of the clanky projector . it last about 25 second , and then the light come on . the jury be shake . the judge be shake . the people in the courtroom murmur . even clay Shaw be surprised at what he have see . Jim say nothing , let the truth of it sink in . then : jim a picture speak a thousand word . yet sometimes the truth be too simple for some ... the Warren Commission think they have a open and shut case : three bullet , one assassin - but two thing happen that make it virtually impossible : 1 ) the Zapruder film which you just see , and 2 ) the third wounded man , Jim tague , who be nick by a fragment down by the triple underpass . the time frame of 5.6 second establish by the Zapruder film leave no possibility of a fourth shot from oswald 's rifle , but the shot or fragment that leave a superficial wound on tague 's cheek have to come from a bullet that miss the car entirely . now they have two bullet that hit , and we know one of they be the fatal head shot . so a single bullet remain to account for all seven wound in Kennedy and connally . but rather than admit to a conspiracy or investigate further , the Commission choose to endorse the theory put forth by a ambitious junior counsellor , arlen specter . one of the grossest lie ever force on the american people , we have come to know it as the " magic bullet " theory . CUT to a draw which have be put on a chair for the jury . Jim have also move Al , act as j.f.k. , into a chair directly behind the larger numa , act as Governor connally . he demonstrate with a pointer . jim the magic bullet enter the President 's back , head downward at a angle of 17 degree . it then move upward in order to leave Kennedy 's body from the front of he neck - he neck wound number two - where it wait 1.6 second , turn right and continue into connally 's body at the rear of he right armpit - wound number three . then , the bullet head downward at a angle of 27 degree , shatter connally 's fifth rib and leave from the right side of he chest - wound four and five . the bullet continue downward and then enter connally 's right wrist - wound number six - shatter the radius bone . it then enter he leave thigh - wound number seven - from which it later fall out and be find in almost " pristine " condition on a stretcher in a corridor of parkland Hospital . ( he show a mock - up of the " pristine " bullet ) that 's some bullet . anyone who 's be in combat can tell you never in the history of gunfire have there be a bullet like this . ( the court laugh ) the Army wound ballistics expert at edgewood arsenal fire some comparison bullet and not one of they look anything like this one . ( he show mock - up of comparison bullet ) take a look at ce 856 , a identical bullet fire through the wrist of a human cadaver - just one of the bone smashed by the magic bullet . yet the government say it can prove this with some fancy physics in a nuclear laboratory . of course they can . theoretical physics can prove a elephant can hang from a cliff with it 's tail tie to a daisy , but use you eye - you common sense - ( he hold the bullet ) Seven wound , skin , bone . this single bullet explanation be the foundation of the Warren Commission 's claim of a lone assassin . and once you conclude the magic bullet could not create all seven of that wound , you have to conclude there be a fourth shot and a second rifleman . and if there be a second rifleman , there have to be a conspiracy , which we believe involved the accuse clay Shaw . fifty - one witness , gentleman of the jury , think they hear shot come from the grassy knoll , which be to the right and front of the President . Jim walk to a draw of a overhead view of dealey Plaza . on it be dot represent location of the witness . he point to each portion . he pause and look out into the courtroom - Liz have enter accompany by jasper . quietly she take a seat . Jim be unbely at first , then very move . he take a beat , then : jim Key witness that day - Charles brehm , a combat vet , right behind Jean Hill and Mary moorman , S.M. Holland and Richard dodd on the overpass , j.c . price overlook the whole Plaza , randolph carr , a steelworker , who serve in the ranger in North Africa , William Newman , father of two child who hit the deck on the north side of elm , abraham Zapruder , James simmon - each of this witness have no doubt whatsoever one or more shot come from behind the picket fence ! twenty six train medical personnel at parkland Hospital see with they own eye the back of the President 's head blast out . CUT to : Dr. Peters on the stand . peter ( describe the wound ) ... a large 7 cm open in the right occipitoparietal area , a considerable portion of the brain be miss there . ( he gesture to he head ) CUT to Dr. mcclelland on the stand . mcclelland ... almost a fifth or perhaps a quarter of the back of the head - this area here ... ( he indicate he head ) ...had be blast out along with the brain tissue there . the exit hole in the rear of he head be about 120 mm . across . there be also a large piece of skull attach to a flap of skin in the right temporal area . flashback to : parkland Hospital emergency room on that day in 1963 . the doctor work on the President . the wound on the back of he head be evident but will change later in the autopsy . he be place in a bronze casket . jim ( v.o. ) not one of the civilian doctor who examine the President at parkland Hospital regard he throat wound as anything but a wound of entry . the doctor find no wound of entry in the back of the head . but the body be then illegally move to Washington for the autopsy . CUT to : the secret service team prepare to wheel the casket out . the Dallas Medical examiner , Dr. Rose , back by a justice of the peace , bar the way . a furious wrestle match ensue . medical examiner Texas Law , sir , require the autopsy be do here . you be not take he with you ! kenny o'donnell sonofabitch , you be not tell I what to do ! get the hell outta the way ! the secret service agent put the doctor and judge up against the wall at gunpoint and sweep out of the hospital . jim ( v.o. ) because when a coup d'etat have occur there 's a big difference between a autopsy perform by civilian doctor and one by military doctor work for the government . flashback to : Love field the same day . we see Air Force one take off and a photo of l.b.j. be swear in . jim ( v.o. ) the departure of Air Force one from Love field that Friday afternoon be not so much a takeoff as it be a getaway with the newly swear in President . dymond ( v.o. ) objection , you honor . judge sustain . jim ( v.o. ) on the plane , of course , Lee harvey oswald 's guilt be announce by the White House situation room to the passenger before any kind of investigation have start . the " lone nut " solution be in place . dymond ( v.o. ) objection ! you honor ! judge sustain . Mr. garrison , would you please bottle the acid . flashback to : the Bethesda autopsy room in 1963 . the room be cramme with military officer , secret service man and , at the center , three intimidate doctor . picture be be take as they remove bullet fragment . jim the three Bethesda Naval Hospital doctor pick by the military leave something to be desire inasmuch as none of they have experience with combat gunfire wound . through they autopsy we have be able to justify eight wound - three to Kennedy , five to connally - from just two bullet , one of this bullet the " magic bullet " . CUT to : Jim in court with a series of drawing indicate with arrow entry and exit wound to Kennedy 's neck and head . Dr. finck be on the stand , erect , very precise , and irritate . jim Colonel finck , be you say someone tell you not to dissect the neck ? finck I be tell that the family want examination of the head . jim as a pathologist it be you obligation to explore all possible cause of death , be it not ? finck I have the cause of death . jim you honor , I would ask you to direct the witness to answer my question . why do Colonel finck not dissect the track of the bullet wound in the neck ? finck well I hear Dr. hume state that - he say ... flashback to : Bethesda autopsy room . hume who 's in charge here ? army general I be . finck ( v.o. ) I do not remember he name . you must understand it be quite crowded , and when you be call in circumstance like that to look at the wound of the President who be dead , you do not look around too much to ask people for they name and who they be . jim ( v.o. ) but you be a qualified pathologist . be this Army general a qualified pathologist ? finck ( v.o. ) no . jim ( v.o. ) but you take he order . he be direct the autopsy . finck ( v.o. ) no , because there be other . there be admiral . jim ( v.o. ) there be admiral . finck ( v.o. ) oh yes , there be admiral - and when you be a lieutenant colonel in the Army you just follow order , and at the end of the autopsy we be specifically tell - as I recall it be Admiral kenney , the surgeon General of the navy - we be specifically tell not to discuss the case . kenney ( in Bethesda scene ) gentlemen , what you have see in this room be intensely private to the Kennedy family and it be not we business to ... Jim turn away from the jury . his point be make . finck be no longer on the stand . jim in addition to which , 1 ) the chief pathologist , Commander hume , by he own admission voluntarily burn he autopsy note , 2 ) never release the autopsy photo to the public , 3 ) President Johnson order the blood soak limousine fill with bullet hole and clue to be immediately wash and rebuilt , 4 ) send John connally 's bloody suit right to the cleaner , and 5 ) when my office finally get a court order to examine President Kennedy 's brain in the National Archives in the hope of find from what direction the bullet come , we be tell by the government the President 's brain have disappear ! there 's a pause , and then a murmur from the court . Jim be on a roll and know it . the face in the courtroom be with he , absorb , horrify . the law student be still there , they have be since day one . but it be Liz 's interest that touch he the most . jim so what really happen that day ? let 's just for a moment speculate , shall we ? we have the epileptic seizure around 12:15 p.m.... distracting the police , make it easier for the shooter to move into they place . the epileptic later vanish , never check into the hospital . the a team get on the 6th floor of the Book depository ... flashback to : the Book depository , 1963 . a shooter and two spotter dress as work man move into the oswald spot . one spotter produce the mannlicher - carcano . jim ( v.o. ) they be refurbish the floor in the depository that week , which allow unknown workmen in and out of the building . the man move quickly into position just minute before the shoot . the camera take the shooter 's point of view : we see down the street through a scope . his spotter wear a radio earpiece . the second spotter be work out of the southeast window . jim ( v.o. ) the second spotter be probably call all the shot on a radio to the two other team . he as the best overall view - " the God spot " . Inside the dal - tex Building , a shooter and a spotter dress as air-condition man move into a small second - story textile storage room . jim ( v.o. ) B team - one rifleman and one spotter with a headset , with access to the building - move into a low floor of the dal - tex Building . at the picket fence a shooter in a Dallas Police uniform move into place , aim up elm Street . his spotter have a radio to he ear . another man in a secret service suit move further down the fence . jim ( v.o. ) the third team , the C team , move in behind the picket fence above the grassy knoll , where the shooter and the spotter be first see by the late Lee bower in the watchtower of the railyard . they have the best position of all . Kennedy be close and on a flat low trajectory . part of this team be a coordinator who 's flashed security credential at several people , chase they out of the parking lot area . a " agent " in tie and suit move on the underpass , keep a eye out . in the crowd on elm Street , we catch brief glimpsis of the umbrella man and the Cuban , neither of they watch Kennedy , both look around to they team . there be a third man , heavyset , in a construction helmet . jim ( v.o. ) probably two to three more man be down in the crowd on elm ... ten to twelve man ... three team , three shooter . the triangulation of fire clay Shaw and David ferrie discuss two month before . they have walk the Plaza , they know every inch . they have calibrate they sight , practice on move target . they be ready . it 's go to be a turkey shoot . Kennedy 's motorcade make the turn from Main onto Houston . j.f.k. wave and turn in slow motion . jim ( v.o. ) six witness see two gunman on the sixth floor of the depository move around . some of they think they be policeman with rifle . from Houston Street we look up at the sixth floor of the Book depository and see the shooter move around . Arnold rowland point he out to he wife . arnold ( under ) ... probably a security agent . in the Dallas County jail , johnny Powell be one of many convict house on the sixth floor - the same height as the man in the Book depository . we look across to the depository through cell bar . johnny and various cell mate be watch two man in the sixth floor of the depository . jim ( v.o. ) John Powell , a prisoner on the sixth floor of the Dallas County jail , see they . powell ( under ) ... quite a few of we see they . everybody be holler and yell and that . we think be be security guy ... jim ( v.o. ) ... they do not shoot he come up Houston , which be the easiest shot for a single shooter in the Book depository , but they wait till he get to the kill zone between three rifle . Kennedy make the final turn from Houston onto elm , slow down to some 11 mile per hour . all the shooter tighten , take aim . it 's a tense moment . jim ( v.o. ) the shooter across dealey Plaza tighten , take they aim across they sight ... wait for the radio to say " Green Green ! " or " abort abort ! " the camera be on Kennedy wave . a montage follow - all the face in the square that we have introduce in the movie now appear one after the other , watch - the killer , the man with the umbrella , the Newman family , Mary moorman photograph , Jean Hill , abraham Zapruder filming it , S.M. Holland , patrolman harkness ... intercut with the Zapruder and nix film on j.f.k. in the final second come abreast of the stemmon freeway sign . jim ( v.o. ) the first shot ring out . CUT to the dal - tex shooter fire . we see the back of Kennedy 's through he gun sight . Kennedy ( stand in ) react in the Zapruder film . jim ( v.o. ) sound like a backfire , it miss completely ... Frame 161 , Kennedy stop wave as he hear something . connally turn he head slightly to the right . everything go off very fast now . repeating intercut be slowed down with shot of Kennedy reacting in the Zapruder film . jim ( v.o. ) Frame 193 - the second shot hit Kennedy in the throat from the front . Frame 225 - the President emerge from the road sign . he obviously have be hit , raise he arm to he throat . CUT to : the picket fence shooter hit he from the fence . we see Kennedy ( stand in ) from the point of view of he telescopic sight . in the Zapruder film , we see Kennedy clutch he throat . jim Frame 232 , the third shot - the President have be hit in the back , draw he downward and forward . connally , you will notice , show no sign at all of be hit . he be visibly hold he stetson which be impossible if he wrist have be shattered . CUT to : the dal - tex shooter . we see Kennedy from he point of view , and the Zapruder film in slow motion . jim ( v.o. ) connally 's turn now here . Frame 238 ... the fourth shot miss Kennedy and take connally in the back . this be the key shot that prove two rifle from the rear . this be 1.6 second after the third shot , and we know no manual bolt action rifle can be recycle in that time . connally be hit , he mouth drop , he yell out , " my God , they be go to kill we all " ... here ... CUT to : the sixth floor shooter fire rapidly and miss Kennedy but hit connally ( stand in ) . jim ( v.o. ) ... the umbrella man be signal " he 's not dead . keep shoot . " James tague down at the underpass be hit sometime now by another shot that miss . CUT to : the umbrella man pump he umbrella . the Cuban be look off . the man on the curb in the construction helmet be look not at j.f.k . but up at the Book depository . jim ( v.o. ) the car brake . the fifth and fatal shot - frame 313 - take Kennedy in the head from the front ... CUT to the picket fence shooter . we see j.f.k. from he point of view . he fire , and then we see Kennedy in the Zapruder film fly backwards and to he leave in a ferocious , conclusive spray of blood and brain tissue . we repeat the shot . jim ( v.o. ) this be the key shot . watch it again . the President go back to he leave . shot from the front and right . totally inconsistent with the shot from the depository . again - ( repeat ) ... back and two the leave . ( he repeat it like a mantra ) ... back and to the leave ... back and to the leave . Kennedy 's car speed off . Jackie be like a crawl animal in a pillbox hat on the back of the car . the people on the other side of the underpass wave innocently as the car speed through with it 's horrifying content . pigeon fly off the rooftop of the Book depository . jim ( v.o. ) what happen then ? pandemonium . the shooter quickly disassemble they various weapon , all except the oswald rifle . CUT to : sixth floor spotter dump the mannlicher - carcano in a corner as he leave ... and then to the dal - tex spotter and shooter , who break down the gun and move out ... and then to the spotter with the fence shooter , who quickly break down the weapon , throw it in the trunk of a car park at the fence . he walk away . the fence shooter , dress as a policeman , blend with the crowd . CUT to : the umbrella man and the Cuban sit quietly together on the north side of the curb of elm Street . CUT to : stunne , confuse , people in the crowd - some lie on the ground , some run for the grassy knoll . back in the courtroom , patrolman Joe Smith be on the stand . jim ( v.o. ) patrolman Joe Smith rush into the parking lot behind the fence . he smell gunpowder . flashback to : the picket fence area where , with he gun draw , Smith rush across to a man stand by a car who react quickly , produce credential . he be one of the hobo . there 's a strange moment when the camera move from Smith 's eye to the man 's fingernails . smith ( v.o. ) ... the character produce credential from he pocket which show he to be secret service . so I accept that and let he go and continue we search . but I regret it , ' cause this guy look like a auto mechanic . he have on a sport shirt and pants , but he have dirty fingernails . afterwards it do not ring true , but at the time we be so press for time . jim ( v.o. ) yet all secret serviceman in Dallas that day be account for . none be on foot in dealey Plaza before or after the shoot , till Dallas secret service Chief forrest sorrel return at 12:55 . back in the courtroom , Liz be totally absorb . Jim exchange look with she . the camera movie in for a close - up of Jim . jim ( pause for effect ) what else be go on in dealey Plaza that day ? at least 12 other individual be take into custody by Dallas police . no record of they arrest . Men act like hobo be be pull off train , march through dealey Plaza , photograph , and yet there be no record of they arrest . flashback to : the three hobo be arrest ... march across dealey Plaza . the hobo look familiar now . jim ( v.o. ) Men identify themselves as secret service Agents be all over the place . but who be impersonate they ? flashback to : man in suit , tie , and hat move people out of the parking lot area ... turn a policeman back . flashback to : the Cuban , put away a radio , and the umbrella man , who now rise and leave the area in opposite direction . jim ( v.o. ) and where be Lee oswald ? probably in the second floor snack room . Eddie piper and William shelly see oswald eat lunch in the first floor lunch room around twelve . around 12:15 , on she way out of the building to see the motorcade , secretary carolyn Arnold see oswald in the second floor snack room , where he say he go for a Coke ... in the second floor lunchroom of the Book depository we see carolyn Arnold , a pregnant secretary , crossing past oswald , who be in a booth . carolyn arnold ( v.o. ) he be sit in one of the booth on the right hand side of the room . he be alone as usual and appear to be have lunch . I do not speak to he but I recognize clearly . I remember it be 12:15 or later . it coulda be 12:25 , five minute before the assassination , I do not exactly remember . I be pregnant and I have a craving for a glass of water . on the sixth floor of the depository , bonnie Ray Williams be eat a chicken lunch , alone . jim ( vo ) at the same time , bonnie Ray Williams be supposedly eat he chicken lunch on the sixth floor , at least until 12:15 , maybe 12:20 ... he see nobody . on the street , Arnold rowland and he wife look up at the sixth floor window and we see , from they point of view , two shadowy figure ... jim ( v.o. ) down on the street , Arnold rowland be see two man in the sixth floor window ... presumably after bonnie Ray Williams finish he lunch and leave . we see footage of j.f.k. come up Houston - wave . oswald walk into the second floor lunchroom as policeman marrion Baker run in , gun at he side . he be about 30 foot from oswald . Roy truly , the superintendent , run in a moment later . jim ( v.o. ) Kennedy be run five minute late for he appointment with death . he be due at 12:25 . if oswald be the assassin , he be certainly pretty non-chalant about get himself into position . later he tell Dallas police he be stand in the second floor snackroom . probably tell to wait there for a phone call by he handler . the phone be in the adjacent and empty second floor office , but the call never come . a maximum 90 second after Kennedy be shot , patrolman marrion Baker run into oswald in that second story lunchroom . baker hey you ! ( to truly ) do you know this man ? be he a employee ? truly yes he be . ( as Baker move on ) the President 's be shot ! oswald react as if hearing it for the first time . truly and Baker continue run up the stair . oswald proceed to get a Coke and continue out of the room . CUT to : the sixth floor , where we see oswald as the shooter . after fire , he run full speed for the stair , stashing the rifle on the other side of the loft . we camera follow he roughly down stair - we hear the loud sound of he shoe bang on the hollow wood - to the lunchroom , where patrolman Baker and superintendent truly run in . then they start to repeat the same action as see in the previous scene . jim ( v.o. ) ... but what the Warren report would have we believe be that after fire 3 bolt action shot in 5.6 second , oswald then leave three cartridge neatly side by side in the fire nest , wipe the rifle clear of fingerprint , stashes the rifle on the other side of the loft , sprint down five flight of stair , past witness Victoria Adams and Sandra style who never see he , and then show up cool and calm on the second floor in front of patrolman Baker - all this within a maximum 90 second of the shoot . be he out of breath ? accord to Baker , absolutely not . CUT to : the second floor . oswald amble past Mrs. reid , a secretary in the second floor office , on he way out , Coke bottle in hand and wear he usual dreamy look ... there 's a linger close - up on he face . jim ( v.o. ) assume he be the sole assassin , oswald be now free to escape from the building . the longer he delay , the more chance the building will be seal by the police . be he guilty ? do he walk out the nearest staircase ? no , he busy a Coke and at a slow pace , spot by Mrs. reid in the second floor office , he stroll out the more distant front exit , where the cop start to gather ... outside , we see oswald stroll out the door of the Book depository into the crowd . he head for the bus stop to the east . jim ( v.o. ) oddly , consider three shot be suppose to have come from there , nobody seal the depository for ten more minute . oswald slip out , as do several other employee . of course , when he realize something have go wrong and the President really have be shot , he know there be a problem . he may even have know he be the patsy . a intuition maybe - the President kill in spite of he warning . the phone call that never come . perhaps fear now come to Lee oswald . he be not go to stand around for roll call . back in the courtroom , Jim continue speak : jim the story get pretty confusing now - more twist in it than a watersnake . Richard carr say he see four man take off from the Book depository in a rambler that possibly belong to Janet Williams . deputy Roger Craig say two man pick up oswald in the same rambler a few minute later . other people say oswald take a bus out of there , and then because he be stick in traffic , he hop a cab to he rooming house in oak cliff ... flashback to : oswald 's board house . oswald enter he room , pass earlene Roberts , the heavyset white housekeeper . jim ( v.o. ) ...we must assume he want to get back in touch with he intell team , probably at a safehouse or at the Texas theatre , but how could he be sure ? he do not know who to trust anymore ... robert ( watch tv ) my God , do you see that , Mr. Lee ? a man shot the President . the camera close in on oswald 's perplex face . earlene peek out the shade as she hear two short honk on a horn . outside be a black police car drive by tippit . also in the car be the fence shooter , dress as a Dallas policeman . the car drive by , honk twice , wait , then move away . during this visual , we see the fence shooter change he uniform into civilian clothes . jim ( v.o. ) oswald return to this rooming house around 1 p.m. , half hour after the assassination , put on he jacket , grab he .38 revolver , leave at 1:04 ... earlene Roberts , the housekeeper , say she hear two beep on a car horn and two uniform cop pull up to the house while oswald be in he room , like it be a signal or something ... Officer tippit be shot between 1:10 and 1:15 about a mile away . though no one actually see he walk or jogging , the government say oswald cover that distance . incidentally , that walk , if he do it , be in a straight line toward Jack Ruby 's house . give the government the benefit of the doubt , oswald would have have to jog a mile in six to eleven minute and commit the murder , then reverse direction and walk 3 / 5 of a mile to the Texas theatre and arrive sometime before 1:30 . that 's some walk . on a street , oswald walk alone , fast . a police car pull up alongside he on 10th Street . oswald lean on the passenger side of the window . Officer tippit , suspicious , get out to question he . oswald pull he .38 revolver and shoot he down in the street with 5 shot . jim ( v.o. ) it 's also a useful conclusion . after all , why else would oswald kill Officer tippit , unless he just shot the President and fear arrest ? not one credible witness could identify oswald as tippit 's killer . domingo benavide , hide in he truck only a few yard away , watch as another unidentified man ( not see before ) shoot and walk away . jim ( v.o. ) domingo benavide , the close witness to the shoot , refuse to identify oswald as the killer and be never take to a lineup . we see acquilla clemon , a black woman , look on . she watch as two man kill tippit . one of they resemble the fence shooter . the other one be a mystery figure , see before in the fringe . the man walk off quickly in opposite direction . we notice a policeman 's uniform hang in the back seat of tippit 's car . jim ( v.o. ) acquilla clemon see the killer with another man and say they go off in separate direction . Mrs. clemon be never take to lineup or to the Warren Commission . Mr. Frank wright , who see the killer run away , state flatly that the killer be not Lee oswald . oswald be find with a .38 revolver . tippit be kill with a .38 automatic . at the scene of the crime Officer j.m . poe mark the shell with he initial to record the chain of evidence . CUT to : policeman poe mark the bullet . jim ( v.o. ) that initial be not on the three cartridge case which the Warren Commission present to he . on a Dallas avenue near the Texas theatre , oswald move along , spook . Police car roar by with siren blaring . johnny brewer , in a shoestore , spot he and follow he . jim ( v.o. ) oswald be next see by shoe salesman johnny brewer lurking along jefferson Avenue . oswald be scared . he begin to realize the full implication of this thing . he go into the Texas theatre , possibly he prearrange meeting point , but though he have $ 14 in he pocket , he do not buy the 75 - cent ticket . brewer have the cashier call the police . outside the Texas theatre oswald walk past the cashier , who be out on the sidewalk watch the police car go by . a double feature be play - Cry of Battle with Van heflin and War be Hell . he go in . CUT to : 30 officer arrive at the theatre in a fleet of patrol car . jim ( v.o. ) in response to the cashier 's call , at least thirty officer in a fleet of patrol car descend on the movie theatre . this have to be the most remarkable example of police intuition since the reichstag fire . I do not buy it . they know - someone know - oswald be go to be there . in fact , as early as 12:44 , only 14 minute after the assassination , the police radio put out a description match oswald 's size and build . brewer say the man be wear a jacket , but the police say the man who shot tippit leave he jacket behind . butch burrough , theatre manager , say oswald buy some popcorn from he at the time of the tippit slay . burrough and witness Bernard haire also say there be a oswald look - alike take from the theatre . perhaps it be he who sneak into the theatre just after 1:30 . Inside the theatre , Cry of Battle be on the screen . twelve to fourteen spectator sit scattered between the balcony and ground floor . brewer lead the officer onto the stage and the light come on . he point to oswald . jim ( v.o. ) in any case , brewer helpfully lead the cop into the theatre and from the stage point oswald out ... the cop advance on oswald , who jump up , as if expect to be shot . oswald this be it ! policeman kill the President , will you ? scare , oswald take a swing at a policeman . he pull out he gun . the officer close in on he from the rear and front . a wrestle and shove match ensue . one officer get a chokehold on oswald and another one hit he . jim ( v.o. ) the cop have they man ! it be already be decide - in Washington . outside the theatre , oswald , he eye blacken , be lead out by the phalanx of officer . they be surround by a angry crowd . crowd kill he ! kill he ! jim ( v.o. ) Dr. best , himmler 's right hand man in the gestapo , once say " as long as the police carry out the will of the leadership , it be act legally . " that mindset allow for 400 political murder in the weimar Republic of 1923 - 32 , where the court be control and the guilty acquitted . oswald must have feel like josef k in kafka 's " the Trial " . he be never tell the reason of he arrest , he do not know the unseen force range against he , he cry out he outrage in the police lineup just like josef k excoriate the judge for not be tell the charge against he . but the state be deaf . the quarry be catch . by the time he be bring from the theatre , a large crowd be wait to scream at he . by the time he reach police headquarters , he be book for murdering tippit ... at the Dallas police station , Dallas Police Captain will fritz take a call from a high official in Washington . in the background we notice Lee oswald continue to be question by federal agent . we hear Johnson 's distinctive Texas drawl but we never see he . jim ( v.o. ) no legal counsel be provide . no record make of the long question . high official voice howdy there , cap and . thanks for take care of we down in Dallas . Lady Bird and I will always be grateful . fritz thank you , Mr. President . we be do we best . high official voice cap and , I know you be work like a hound dog down there to get this mess wrap up , but I gotta tell you there 's too much confusion come out of Dallas now . the tvs and the papers be full of rumour ' bout conspiracy . two gunman , two rifle , the russkies do it , the cuban do it , that kinda loose talk , it 's carin ' the shit outta people , bubba ' . this thing could lead we into a war that could cost 40 million life . we get to show them we get this thing under control . no question , no doubt , for the good of we country ... you hear I ? fritz yes , sir . high official voice cap and , you get you man , the investigation 's over , that 's what people want to hear . the camera close in on oswald in the background . he turn to a unseen deputy , sad . oswald now everyone will know who I be . jim ( v.o. ) by the time the sun rise the next morning , he be book for murdering the President . the whole country - fuel by the media - assume he 's guilty . in a underground police garage , we see Jack Ruby be allow in via a interior staircase by he police contact . he move towards the outer edge of reporter , nervous . oswald come out with he two guard . we see a repeat of the assassination in stop time ... Ruby 's eye , oswald 's ... do they recognize each other ? jim ( v.o. ) under the guise of a patriotic nightclub owner out to spare Jackie Kennedy from have to testify at a trial , Jack Ruby be show into the underground garage by one of he inside man on the Dallas Police Force , and when he 's ready oswald be bring out like a sacrificial lamb and nicely dispose of as a enemy of the people . by early Sunday afternoon , the autopsy have be complete on he . who grieve for Lee harvey oswald ? buried in a cheap grave under the name " oswald " ? no one . we see oswald die on the floor of the police station . a paramedic push in and start administer artificial respiration , which only aggravate the internal hemorrhage . at a Texas cemetery , oswald 's mother weep . oswald be bury with a few people present , but there be no detail , no date . we see marina whisk out by agent . CUT to Kennedy 's funeral , which , in contrast , attract thousand of mourner . jim ( v.o. ) within minute false statement and press leak about Lee oswald circulate the globe . flashback to X : read about it in the New Zealand Airport , and then back to the courtroom in 1969 . jim the official legend be create and the media take it from there . the glitter of official lie and the epic splendor of the think -numbing funeral of j.f.k. confuse the eye and confound the understanding . Hitler always say " the bigger the lie , the more people will believe it . " Lee oswald - a craze , lonely man who want attention and get it by kill a President , be only the first in a long line of patsy . in later year Bobby Kennedy and Martin luther King , man whose commitment to change and to peace would make they dangerous to man who be commit to war , would follow , also kill by such " lonely , craze man , " who remove we guilt by make murder a meaningless act of a loner . we have all become hamlet in we country - child of a slain father - leader whose killer still possess the throne . the ghost of John f. Kennedy confront we with the secret murder at the heart of the american dream . he force on we the appall question : of what be we constitution make ? what be we citizenship , and more , we life worth ? what be the future of a democracy where a President can be assassinate under conspicuously suspicious circumstance while the machinery of legal action scarcely tremble ? how many political murder , disguise as heart attack , cancer , suicide , airplane and car crash , drug overdose will occur before they be expose for what they be ? Liz watch , move . susie , Al and numa be also there for the summation . even Lou ivon have come back to support he friend . jim " treason doth never prosper , " write a English poet , " what 's the reason ? for if it prosper , none dare call it treason . " the general who send dreyfus to devil Island be among the most honorable man in France , the man who kill caesar be among the most honorable man in Rome . and the man who kill Kennedy , no doubt , be honorable man . I believe we have reach a time in we country , similar to what life must have be like under Hitler in the 30' , except we do not realize it because fascism in we country take the benign disguise of liberal democracy . there will not be such familiar sign as swastikas . we will not build dachaus and auschwitze . we be not go to wake up one morning and suddenly find ourselves in gray uniform goose - step off to work ... " fascism will come , " huey Long once say . " in the name of anti-fascism " - it will come in the name of you security - they call it " National Security , " it will come with the mass media manipulate a clever concentration camp of the mind . the super state will provide you tranquility above the truth , the super state will make you believe you be live in the best of all possible world , and in order to do so will rewrite history as it see fit . George Orwell 's Ministry of Truth warn we , " who control the past , control the future . " the camera follow Jim around the courtroom . jim the american people have yet to see the Zapruder film . why ? the american people have yet to see the real photograph and X - ray of the autopsy . why ? there be hundred of document that could help prove this conspiracy . why have they be withheld or burn by the government ? each time my office or you the people have ask that question , demand crucial evidence , the answer from on high have be " national security . " what kind of " national security " do we have when we have be rob of we leader ? who determine we " national security " ? what " national security " permit the removal of fundamental power from the hand of the american people and validate the ascendancy of invisible government in the United States ? that kind of " national security , " gentleman of the jury , be when it smell like it , feel like it , and look like it , you call it what it be - it 's fascism ! I submit to you that what take place on November 22 , 1963 be a coup d'etat . its most direct and tragic result be a reversal of President Kennedy 's commitment to withdraw from Vietnam . War be the biggest business in America worth $ 80 billion a year . the President be murder by a conspiracy plan in advance at the high level of the United States government and carry out by fanatical and discipline cold Warrior in the Pentagon and CIA 's covert operation apparatus - among they clay Shaw here before you . it be a public execution and it be cover up by like - minded individual in the Dallas Police Department , the secret service , the FBI , and the White House - all the way up to and include J. Edgar Hoover and lyndon Johnson , whom I consider accomplice after the fact . the camera hold on onlooker shuffle and murmure . clay Shaw smirk , smoking he cigarette . the very grandiosity of the charge work in he favor . Jim be fall apart from build - up strain and fatigue . he look over at Liz , gather he spirit . jim ( v.o. ) there be a very simple way to determine if I be be paranoid here . ( laughter ) let 's ask the two man who have profit the most from the assassination - you former President lyndon baine Johnson and you new President , Richard Nixon - to release 51 CIA document pertain to Lee oswald and Jack Ruby , or the secret CIA memo on oswald 's activity in Russia that be " destroy " while be photocopy . all this document be yours - the people 's property - you pay for it , but because the government consider you child who might be too disturb to face this reality , because you might lynch that involved , you can not see this document for another 75 year . I be in my 40' , so I will have shuffle off this mortal coil by then , but I be already tell my 8 year - old son to keep himself physically fit so that one glorious September morning in 2038 he can walk into the National Archives and find out what the CIA and the FBI know . they may even push it back then . it may become a generational affair , with question pass down from father to son , mother to daughter , in the manner of the ancient runic bard . someday somewhere , someone might find out the damned Truth . or we might just build ourselves a new government like the declaration of Independence say we should do when the old one be not work - maybe a little farther out West . he approach the jury . jim a american naturalist write , " a patriot must always be ready to defend he country against its government . " well , I would hate to be in you shoe today . you have a lot to think about . go back to when we be child , I think most of we in this courtroom think that justice come into be automatically , that virtue be its own reward , that good would triumph over evil . but as we get older we know that this just be not true . " the frontier be where a man face a fact . " individual human being have to create justice and this be not easy because truth often present a threat to power and we have to fight power often at great risk to ourselves . people like Julia Ann mercer , S.M. Holland , Lee bower , Jean Hill , and Willie o' keefe have come forward and take that risk . ( he produce a stack of letter ) I have here some $ 8000 in this letter send to my office from all over the country - quarter , dime , dollar bill from housewive , plumber , car salesmen , teacher , invalid ... this be the people who cannot afford to send money but do , this be the one who drive the cab , who nurse in the hospital , who see they kid go to Vietnam . why ? because they care , because they want to know the truth - because they want they country back , because it belong to we the people as long as the people get the gut to fight for what they believe in ! the truth be the most important value we have because if the truth do not endure , if the government murder truth , if you can not respect the heart of this people ... ( shaking the letter ) ... then this be no longer the country in which we be bear in and this be not the country I want to die in ... and this be never more true than for John f. Kennedy whose murder be probably the most terrible moment in the history of we country . you the people , you the jury system , in sit in judgement on clay Shaw , represent the hope of humanity against government power . in discharge you duty , in bring the first conviction in this house of card against clay Shaw , " ask not what you country can do for you , but what you can do for you country . " do not forget you young President who forfeit he life . show the world this be still a government of the people , for the people , and by the people . nothing as long as you live will ever be more important . ( he stare into the camera ) it 's up to you . he return to the table and sit . the courtroom be still . CUT to : later in the same courtroom . the jury file in , have reach a verdict . Jim , prepare , sit with he staff and Liz . the jury foreman enter the courtroom . jury foreman we find clay Shaw ... not guilty on all count . there 's jubilation and commotion in the Court . Shaw stand , happily shaking hand all over ... member of the press run for the phone . in the corridor outside the courtroom , the press interview the jury foreman . foreman we believe there be a conspiracy , but whether clay Shaw be a part of it be another kettle of fish . the camera move to Jim , who walk out past the bank of reporter . tv light be in he face . Liz be by he side . english reporter Mr. garrison , the american media be report this as a full vindication of the Warren Commission , do you ... jim I think all it prove be you cannot run a trial even question the intelligence operation of the government in the light of day . newsman 13 we understand that the Times - picayune will call for you resignation - unfit to hold office . you have ruin clay Shaw 's reputation - be you go to resign ? jim Hell , no . I be gonna run again . and I be gonna win . thank you very much . if it take I 30 year to nail every one of the assassin , then I will continue this investigation for 30 year . I owe that not only to Jack Kennedy , but to my country . he and Liz squeeze hand as they walk on . dissolve to WASHINGTON , D.C. - ( 1970 ) Jim wait on the same park bench as earlier in the film , overlook the mall or the lincoln monument ... as X walk up , a little grayer , a little more stoop , wear ill fitting civilian clothes . jim well , thanks for come . X you do not get that break you need , but you go as far as any man could , bubba . ( he sit next to Jim ) what can I do for you ? jim just speculate , I guess . how do you think it start ? X I think it start in the wind . money - arm , big oil , Pentagon people , contractor , banker , politician like l.b.j. be commit to a war in Southeast Asia . as early as ' 61 they know Kennedy be go to change thing ... he be not go to war in Southeast Asia . who know ? probably some boardroom or lunchroom somewhere - Houston , New York - hell , maybe bonn , Germany ... who know , it 's international now . CUT to : a New York lunch club or executive dining room . from the window we have a tower view of the City . four man in they 50' to 70' - old man , rich man , talk at a quiet table . they figure be shadowy and we overhear they conversation obliquely , across face flare out by sun bounce off the skyscraper window . X ( v.o. ) one worried sonofabitch with a few million dollar turn to the other ... with a few million dollar ... and say something pretty direct like ... rich man 1 the sonofabitch be gonna get be - elect by a bigger vote than ever in ' 64 . it 's gonna be worse than Roosevelt . the country will not survive as we know it . rich man 2 I agree , Bob , it can not go on . ( he look to man 3 ) rich man 3 ...and Bobby in ' 68 ? something 's get to be do . look pass among they . there 's a pause , and then ... rich man 1 he 's gotta go , Lou . the election 's gotta be stop . there be a breathless moment with the think in the air . rich man 1 I talk to a lot of people . I know I be not the only one think this . rich man 2 what 's the feel in Washington , Jack ? flashback to : the Pentagon in 1962 . X ( v.o. ) ... so call be make . down to Washington . all over the world . they start talk about it . a few people here , there . just conversation , nothing more ... we see a general meeting with another general . they talk . X ( v.o. ) Generals , admiral , CIA people , and probably some people on the inside of Kennedy 's staff - young , brilliant judase , ready to go to war in Southeast Asia ... flashback to : the White House , 1962 . a general talk to one of Kennedy 's staff - a bespectacle , bright young Harvard type . X ( v.o. ) ... and maybe a vice - President get separate memo from Vietnam , eager to get he backer the billion of dollar in contract for Southeast Asia ... in a White House office , lyndon Johnson meet with a cabinet member , a contractor , and two military man . X ( v.o. ) Kennedy , like caesar , be surround with enemy . something be underway but it have no face . yet everyone in the loop know ... the camera show Washington , D.C. building from strange angle . the feel be still , weird , angle , alien . the building be twisted . X ( v.o. ) money be at stake . Big money . a hundred billion . the Kennedy brother target voting district for defense dollar . they give tfx fighter contract only to the county that be go to make a difference in ' 64 . this people fight back . they way . one day another call be make ... in a Pentagon office , a man in civilian clothing be on the phone , he back to the screen . this be Mr. y , X 's superior officer . shadows pervade the room . a unshutter window overlook the potomac River and the White House . X ( v.o. ) ... maybe to somebody like my superior who 's be run the " mongoose " program out of Florida and who have no love for Kennedy . voice on phone Bill , we be go . we need you help . X ( v.o. ) everything 's cellurize . no one have say " he must die , " there 's be no vote , there 's nothing on paper , there 's no one to blame . it 's as old as the crucifixion : the mafia fire squad , one blank , no one 's guilty because everyone in the power structure who know anything have a plausible deniability . there be no compromise connection except at the most secret point . but what 's paramount be that it must succeed . no matter how many die , how much it cost , the perpetrator must be on the win side and never subject to prosecution for anything by anyone . that be a coup d'etat . y ( into phone ) when ? voice on phone in the fall . probably in the south . we want you to come up with a plan ... X he 's do it before . other country . lumumba in the congo , trujillo , the dominican Republic , he 's work on castro . no big deal . in September , Kennedy announce the Texas trip . at that moment , second oswald start pop up all over Dallas where they have the mayor and the cop in they pocket . y fly in the assassin , maybe from the special camp we keep outside athen , Greece - pro , maybe some local , cuban , Maria hire , separate team . do it really matter who shot from what rooftop ? part of the scenery . the assassin by now be dead or well pay and long go ... jim any chance of one of they confess someday ? X ...do not think so . when they start to drool , they get rid of them . this guy be proud of what they do . they do dealey Plaza ! they take out the President of the United States ! that 's entertainment ! and they serve they country do it . jim ( in present ) ... and you General ? X ... get promote to two star , but he be never military , you know , always CIA . go to Vietnam , lose he credibility when we get beat over there , retire , life in Virginia . I say hello to he when I see he at the supermarket ... jim ever ask he ? X you never ask a spook a question . no point . he will never give you a straight answer . General y still think of himself of the handsome young warrior who love this country but love the concept of war more . jim his name ? X do it matter ? another technician . but a interesting thing - he be there that day in dealey Plaza . you know how I know ? ( Jim shake he head ) that picture of yours . the hobo ... you never look deep enough ... flashback to : one of the hobo picture . next to the freight entrance of the Book depository , y , in a dark suit , be nonchalantly walk past the hobo , he back to we . the camera close in on y. X ( v.o. ) I know the man 20 year . that 's he . the way he walk ... arm at he side , military , the stoop , the haircut , the twisted leave hand , the large class ring . what be he do there ? if anyone have ask he , he would probably say " protection " but I will tell you I think he be give some kind of " okay " signal to that hobo - they be about to get book and he 's tell them it 's gonna be okay , they be cover . and in fact they be - you never hear of they again . jim ... some story ... the whole thing . it 's like it never happen . X it never do . ( he smile tartly ) jim just think ... just think . what happen to we country .. to the world ... because of that murder ... Vietnam , racial conflict , breakdown of law , drug , think control , guilt , assassination , secret government fear of the frontier ... X I keep think of that day , Tuesday the 26th , the day after they bury Kennedy , l.b.j. be signing the memorandum on Vietnam with ambassador Lodge . flashback to : the White House , 1963 . Johnson sit across the shadow room with Lodge and other . his Texas drawl rise and fall . he sign something unseen . johnson gentlemen , I want you to know I be not go to let Vietnam go the way China do . I be personally commit . I be not go to take one soldier out of there ' till they know we mean business in Asia ... ( he pause ) you just get I elect , and I will give you you damned war . X ( v.o. ) ... and that be the day Vietnam start . CUT to : documentary footage of - U.S. Marines arrive in full force on the beach of danang , March 8 , 1965 ... as another era begin and we movie end . on a black screen we read : ** in 1975 , victor marchetti , former executive assistant to the CIA 's deputy director , state that during high - level CIA meeting during Shaw 's trial in 1969 , CIA director richard helm disclose that clay shaw and david ferrie have work for the Agency , and ask he assistant to make sure Mr. Shaw receive Agency help at he trial . ** in 1979 , richard helm , director of covert operation in 1963 , admit under oath that clay shaw have Agency connection . ** it be now know that in 1963 , U.S. military intelligence control more agent than the CIA and have almost as much money to spend . it surface in the 1970 's that the Army have long be conduct surveillance and keep file on thousand of private citizen in the name of national security . the prime target be dissident - left-winger of the kind oswald appear to be . ** clay shaw die in 1974 of suppose lung cancer . no autopsy be allow . ** william sullivan , Assistant director of the FBI , die in the early morning hour of November 9,177 when he be mistaken for a deer in a open field in New Hampshire . shortly before he death , Sullivan have a preliminary hearing with the hsca . ** GEORGE do mohrenschildt commit suicide just hour after hsca investigator gaeton fonzi locate he . ** in November , 1969 jim garrison be re-elect to a third term as District Attorney of Orleans Parish . in June of 1971 , he be arrest by Federal Agents on charge of allow payoff on pinball gambling by organize crime . in September of 1973 , after defend himself in Federal Court , he be quickly find not guilty of charge that appear to have be frame against he . less than six week later , he be narrowly defeat for a fourth term as District Attorney . ** in 1978 , garrison be elect judge of the Louisiana State Court of appeal in New Orleans . he be be - elect in 1988 . to this date , he have bring the only public prosecution in the Kennedy kill . ** elizabeth and Jim be divorced in 1978 . he now life in the same house he live in with Elizabeth . she life a block away . they five child be grow . ** southeast asia : 58,000 american life , 2 million asian life , $ 220 billion spend , 10 million Americans air - lift there by commercial aircraft , more than 5,000 helicopter lose , 6.5 million ton of bomb drop . ** a congressional investigation from 1976 - 1979 find a " probable conspiracy " in the assassination of John f. Kennedy and recommend the justice Department investigate further . as of 1991 , the justice Department have do nothing . the file of the House Select Committee on assassination be lock away until the year 2029 . the camera move onto the mottoe chisell in the wall of the National Archives in Washington , D.C. : " study the past " " past be prologue " " eternal vigilance be the price of LIBERTY " dedicate to the young , in whose spirit the search for truth march on . fade out :