jimmy and judy written by randall K. rubin &amp ; jon schroder camera on : I /e. backyard - suburban house - judy' bedroom - night Pov of a home video camera shoot into the window of teenage girl 's bedroom . the door inside open . in walk judy oak -kellen ( 18 ) , a blond haire , mousy girl , wear only a T-shirt and panty . as she head to the mirror we hear ... sound of skin smack against skin and heavy breathe . whoever operate the camera be definitely choakin ' the gopher . Judy comb she hair in the mirror , oblivious . the camera operator be in a whack off frenzy as he ... camera operator ( o.c . ) oh , mmph . he 's climax . the sound have stop , but the tape keep roll . Judy stop comb she hair as ... camera shut down . camera on : ext . high school - the track - day camera shoot from inside a car hide camera style as Judy run lap during she gym class . Judy , again , have no idea that she be be film as camera zoom in tight . she 's tired , sweat profusely , and look completely miserable . she stop run , exhaust , as the other kid pass she . suddenly , a very butch look female gym teacher ( 40 ) walk over and begin berate Judy . the gym teacher 's face turn red as she spew insult inch away from Judy 's face . we can not hear what she 's say , but whatever it be , it 's cruel , harsh , and very intense . exhausted and humiliate , Judy hold back tear as ... camera shut down . camera on : 2 . I /e. jimmy house - backyard / kitchen / live room - dusk late summer evening . camera Operator wipe dirt from the lens with he shirt revealing he face for the first time as he look at camera . this be the first time we get even a glimpse of jimmy wright ( 21 ) . his look be strike , even a bit awkward , but not at all unappeal . he throw a mischievously evil look at the lens , then settles he face back to normal . he spin the camera away , point it at the back of he house . through the kitchen window , Jimmy zoom in on he mother ( jimmy mom ) ( 40' ) idyllic version of a mom in new millennium suburban housewife clothes . she 's on the phone , prepare dinner . jimmy ( o.c. ) hey Mom , hear you and dad do the nasty last night . thanks for that one . by the way , who the fuck be Nancy ? camera whip over to jimmy dad in the live room , well dress , rich look and fat in he late 40' , watch baseball on tv , tired after a long day 's work . he drink from a tumbler of expensive scotch neat with a ice cube , munch on mix nut from a crystal bowl . jimmy ( o.c. ) hey dad , Mom 's on the phone tell she friend that you be hang like a light switch . dad reach into he pants to give he ball a good scratch . Jimmy give the play by play like a baseball announcer . jimmy ( o.c. ) oh daddy , there he go . he make the reach and ... yes ! both ball at the same time ! one heck of a double play ! eye on the tv , dad take he hand out of he pants and sniff they . jimmy ( o.c . ) and the sniff to finish it off . satisfied , dad reach in and grab a handful of nut as he continue to watch tv . we zoom out to see both Mom and dad , each through different window . 3. jimmy ( o.c. ) Fucking freak show . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - night Dark and in silhouette , Jimmy flip on the camera by remote . it 's too dark to see face or body with any detail , but Jimmy 's clearly have sex with a prostitute in he bed . she be young , black , and look very much like a prostitute . as he pound into she ... jimmy do you like that nigger ? come on nigger , do you like it ? prostitute ( humor he ) oh yeah baby , I like it . by remote , Jimmy shut down the camera . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - night Jimmy 's behind the camera interview the prostitute who sit up in he bed hold the sheet to cover herself . with the light on , we can see that she 's clearly unattractive . Jimmy ask he question with a gentle confidence . jimmy ( o.c. ) okay , so . what be go through you mind when I call you a nigger ? prostitute this cost you a extra fifty . jimmy ( o.c. ) I know . she pause . you can tell she just want to leave , but be toughing it out for the extra fifty buck . jimmy ( o.c. ) well , what do it feel like ? Long pause . 4. prostitute it feel like nothing . jimmy ( o.c. ) what do you mean ? prostitute you be not the first person to call I a nigger when we be fuck . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( not surprised ) oh. prostitute johns call I nigger all the time . especially white guy . nothing new . just dirty talk . Long , awkward pause . Jimmy do not know what to say . prostitute that it ? no reply from Jimmy . prostitute what about you ? you like call I nigger ? you get you nut off ? jimmy ( o.c. ) ( calmly ) no. prostitute then why would ya call I that ? jimmy ( o.c. ) ( o.c. ) have you ever wonder what it be like to treat someone so completely cruel that it be unthinkable ? no answer . jimmy ( o.c. ) I be try to do the unthinkable and unimaginable when I call you that . I want to see if be even possible for I to do that . they pause . 5 . prostitute yeah , so ? Jimmy speak softly and confidently . jimmy ( o.c. ) I think I want to die . like I do not deserve to live anymore . and that I will never want to do something like that to someone again . the prostitute find Jimmy 's answer endear . prostitute why ya wanna die ? jimmy ( o.c. ) because everyone hate I . pause . jimmy ( o.c. ) they hate I because I seek beauty and appreciate destruction . they hate my mind , my thought , my imagination . they hate everything about I . and I hate they . prostitute ( try not to care ) really ? jimmy ( o.c. ) yep. everyone . everyone that know or who have ever meet I . prostitute you parent do not hate you . look at this room in this big ' ole house you get . jimmy ( o.c . ) my parent provide I with food and shelter because they have be condition by society into think it 's the appropriate thing to do . in reality they can not stand to be in the same room with I . they be fascist , brainwash , and unforgive . ( more ) 6 . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( cont would ) they dismiss my feeling of ill regard towards they on simple rebelliousness of youth , but that 's only because they be patently and intentionally unaware of they own hypocrisy . prostitute look bored / frustrated again . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( accidental condescension ) do you understand I ? prostitute you wanna know what I think ? jimmy yes , I really do . prostitute I think you be a spoiled ass white boy , think you everything , but you do not know shit . all you do be bullshit complain and there 's folk out there that would kill for all this . Jimmy do not react . prostitute I do not feel sorry for you . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( calmly ) no one be ask you to . thank you for let I film you . camera turn off . camera on : I /e. high school - parking lot / jimmy car - day Jimmy hide hide camera style inside he car in the high school parking lot , bleacher in the distance . School be let out as he zoom in on Judy . she 's look at the ground as she 's taunt by a group of other harassing teenager , a tear stream down the side of she cheek . suddenly , Judy be bashed in the face with a school bag . she fall to the ground , then pick up she break glass as camera zoom out to catch the girl who hit she ( mean girl ) . 7. nearby , a big , Dumb look bully type ( 18 ) taunt she as she cry . his taunt be bite and as excessive as the mean girl 's , then he dump a cup of soda on Judy 's head as she 's cry . Judy scream at the top of she lung . the group run off laugh . Jimmy whip pan to the mean girl as she laugh with she friend , then whip pan back to Judy , now on she foot , blood run from she nose and onto she white shirt . camera shut down . camera on : I /e. judy' house - judy' bedroom - night a scene we have see before . Jimmy be off camera videotape Judy through she bedroom window . we hear he floggin ' the dolphin off screen while Judy comb she hair in the mirror . she stop when she hear ... a grown man , ( 45 ) , walk into the doorway of she bedroom . this be judy' dad . he come in and do not say a thing to she . Judy do not acknowledge he at all and continue comb she hair as though he 's not even there . he come up behind she , then wrap he arm around she , give she a warm hug from behind . something 's not right . the masturbation sound stop . Judy 's noticeably uncomfortable but do not resist as she Father begin kissing she neck . his hand slowly creep down to she pelvic area , he other hand turn out the bedroom light . the room go dark . camera flip down , then off ... then come back on again once again we be look through the camera point at the window , but now it 's the distort , grainy , black and white of " nite shot " mode . though we see the Judy 's mirror and she dresser , she and she Father be nowhere to be find . whatever 's go on between they , it 's go on out of frame , away from the view of the window . camera shut down . camera on : 8. int . jimmy house - dine room - night Jimmy film once again , hide camera style , long lens from far away . Frame be close on Judy sit at the dining room table . as camera pull back , we hear but do not see Judy 's Parents talk to Jimmy 's Mom and dad at the table . Judy be bored , completely uninterested in they conversation . jimmy mom ( o.c. ) so Melissa talk Gary into the sl instead of the seven series . I could not believe it . Judy look over at camera , catch the fact that she 's be videotape . Jimmy keep filming . jimmy dad ( o.c. ) they pay way too much . as Jimmy zoom in , she clandestinely flip off the camera . judy' dad I strictly buy american anyway . Judy get up . her mom stop she . judy' mom ( o.c. ) where you go honey ? judy bathroom . as Judy leave the table she walk towards camera as it shut down . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - night Judy sit on Jimmy 's bed , stare into the camera . she 's uncomfortable sit there . it 's poorly frame . judy can we start already ? jimmy ( o.c . ) one second . camera shut off . 9 . int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - day Jimmy film Judy again , better frame this time . Judy look annoyed and uncomfortable in front of the camera . jimmy ( o.c . ) who do you hate most in the world and why ? judy ( kind of bitchy ) why ? who care ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I do . judy God , I just want to come up here to say " hi " and get away from my parent ' bullshit for like two second and you have to put the stupid camera in my face . Jimmy take delight in Judy 's displeasure of be film . jimmy ( o.c. ) now we be onto something . Judy want to go and then do not . judy you be weird Jimmy . you be weird when we be kid and now you be just get weirder . jimmy ( o.c . ) be that why you have a crush on I ? judy ( scoff ) yeah right . jimmy ( o.c . ) you do not have a crush on I ? Judy fidget , he 's get she . judy you be a loser . you be twenty one and you be still live with you parent . she 's wait for a response . Jimmy do not bite . 10 . judy I hear that you get kick out of college because you try to talk you roommate into kill himself . jimmy ( o.c. ) where would you hear that ? judy from everyone . Jimmy wait . Judy 's curious how he will respond . jimmy ( o.c . ) you wanna know the truth ? judy yeah . jimmy ( o.c . ) he ask I if he should kill himself . I tell he to look inside himself for the answer . I do not tell he to . I do not tell he not to . I say he should not be afraid of the unknown . if he be go to kill himself , I want he to do it for the right reason . judy I swear to God , you be a fuck psycho . jimmy ( o.c. ) like you be normal . judy more than you . jimmy ( o.c . ) if I be such a freak , what be you do in my room ? judy I be bored . Jimmy wait , assess the situation . jimmy ( o.c. ) I wanna show you something ? 11 . Judy look up at the camera . before she can answer , camera shut down . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - night Judy sit on the edge of Jimmy 's bed face a television set . Jimmy film from behind she so he get Judy 's back and the television in the shot . the screen be static . judy I can not believe I be do this . nothing 's happen . Judy 's get antsy . judy ( offended ; turn to camera ) can you start the tape ? Jimmy click the vcr with he remote , as Judy turn back to watch . on tv , static flip to black . judy do not think this mean I like you or anything . a few second . nothing on tv yet . judy and as soon as this be over I be go back downstairs . a image flip on the tv . begin jimmy revenge tape ext . high school - teacher's parking lot - ( on jimmy tv ) - day someone ( Jimmy ) have place the camera on the ground and be face a car in a parking lot at school . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( in bedroom ) that 's Mrs. holzclaw 's car . she 's you p.e. teacher , right ? I hate she too . Jimmy enter frame and punch a Butterfly knife into the sidewall of Mrs. holzclaw 's car send air hissing as the tire sink . 12 . jimmy ( o.c. ) and Bill mcallister ... I go to school with he brother . they be both dick . tape cut to ... ext . high school - entrance ( on jimmy tv ) - day on tv , hide camera style ( long lens from a distance ) the Dumb look bully type ( Bill mcallister ) be take out of school in cuff into a wait squad car . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( in bedroom ) I plant a ounce of weed in he locker then send a anonymous letter to principal lipsky . ext . high school - entrance ( on jimmy tv ) - day same location , different day . on tv , again hide camera style , a girl be be roll out of the school on a stretcher . it 's the mean girl , the one who smack Judy in the face with she school bag . she 's place into a ambulance . jimmy ( o.c. ) I take care of she too . Jimmy click the television set off with he remote . end jimmy revenge tape int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - day the tv be off . all we see be Judy 's back . she have not once turn around to face the camera during any of the clip . she sit still . she tremble but do not turn around . she collect herself but still do not turn around . Jimmy hold the camera steady . still she do not turn around . she fidget in she seat but still do not turn around . she now sit still on the edge of the bed like she be in a trance , but still do not turn around to face the camera . 13 . no movement . no movement . no movement . she begin to breath heavily . then no movement . she lean she head down towards the floor . then no movement . still no movement or any reaction for that matter . it 's like she be in a trance and can not wake up . Jimmy ( o.c. ) continue to roll without budging . still no movement . it look like she 's about to turn around . she move she head in the direction of the camera , then assume she original position face the tv . then ... no movement . still no movement . then Judy collapse onto the bed . Jimmy , still roll , get off the bed and begin filming she as she lie on the floor cry hysterically . Judy cry and cry and cry and cry . she then let out a cry from the depth of she soul . the cry be long , hard , and loud . Jimmy get up , then stand above she with the camera . she roll over on she back and be now face directly into the camera . she try to collect herself . judy why do you do that ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I have to . judy why ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I do it for you . 14 . judy I do not understand . Judy try hard to stop , but just sob harder and louder than before . judy please tell I . jimmy ( o.c. ) I feel like if I do not save you then no one else would . judy ( scream ) please turn off the fucking camera ! a muffle voice come through the door from downstairs . jimmy dad ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! what the hell be you guy do up there ? Judy stop , realize suddenly that she 's be scream . camera shut down . camera on : int . jimmy house - stairway / entryway / live room - night Jimmy 's behind the camera . he stand at the head of the stair shoot down . sound of a dinner party just get start come from downstairs . he walk down the step into the party . a generic " happy twentieth anniversary " sign hang above the front door . camera pan awkwardly to a lame k - Mart style studio portrait on the wall . it 's Jimmy 's parent wear saccharine sweet smile , dad 's hair slicked back , Mom in a overdo hair - do and in way too colorful clothing . gift sit on the entry - way table . Party guest be dress nicely and be mingling in the house , drink in hand . dinner be yet to start . as Jimmy move into the ... entry - way people at the party all turn to camera , a look of shock on they face as Jimmy walk through . more and more people react with gasp and revulsion at camera , but we can not tell why . Jimmy move camera to the ... 15 . live room the place be full of more Party guest . Frame move across a huge mirror on the wall over a cocktail bar . we catch a glimpse of Jimmy 's image and realize ... Jimmy be completely naked and have painted he entire body silver . camera quickly turn away from the mirror as some people run from the room . one of the female Party guest ( # 1 ) scream . female party guest # 1 ( cover she mouth ) oh my God ! Jimmy keep filming , catch people 's reaction . he point the camera at a female Party Guest # 2 . jimmy ( o.c. ) hey , great party , huh ? I be make a tape for my parent . want to say something to they ? female Party Guest # 2 be just too stunne to speak . jimmy mom ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! Jimmy turn the camera at he mother who be completely shocked to see he like this . jimmy ( o.c. ) hey mom. happy anniversary . you want to say anything to yourself ? jimmy dad that 's enough . Jimmy 's dad run into the room and throw a blanket over Jimmy 's head , body and the camera . all we see be black and flash of light from under the blanket . jimmy dad ( o.c. ) ( muffle ) get out ! now ! 16 . camera 's under the blanket as we hear Jimmy 's dad push he from the room . camera shut down . camera on : int . therapist's office - day camera be be remove from the camera bag . as the lens pan quickly , we catch a glimpse of Jimmy smirk , hold the camera . he 's way too close to the lens . he flip it around until it lock on dr . walter , mfcc ( 40 ) , Jimmy 's not very accomplish therapist . Walters seem to have a very gentle and nonthreaten aura that suggest he 's the type of person you would feel comfortable talk to . he sit by the window in he relatively uninteresting office . Jimmy have turn on the camera in the middle of they first session together . dr . walter Jimmy , we discuss this . you can not tape we session . it 's not allow . the camera do not move . dr . walter you know , you can not film someone who do not want they image and voice record . technically , you be actually break the law . Jimmy ( o.c. ) do not respond . dr . walter do you defiance make you feel more powerful ? still no answer . dr . walter film people make you feel like you be in control of the situation do not it ? still no answer . dr . walter I can sit here as long as you can . you be not go to be able to force I to participate in you little game here . 17 . no movement from the camera . dr . walter Jimmy , this be not something that friend do to each other be it ? Dr. Walters sit in front of the camera , try to stay perfectly still and calm . Dr. Walters be so nice and so calm , that we start to feel sorry for he . no movement . no movement . Dr. Walters fidget . then hold still . then fidget , try to stay calm . dr . walter Jimmy , put the camera away , please . no movement . dr . walter you be waste you time and mine , Jimmy . we could be do something productive . the camera shake a bit . Jimmy 's laugh . Dr. Walters be do he best to stay calm . dr . walter that 's enough . no movement . dr . walter put it away . nothing . dr . walter now Jimmy ! Dr. Walters get up and come towards the camera . he grab it just above the lens and try to take it away . 18 . dr . walter come on Jimmy . a fierce battle of tug of war break out . we see Dr. Walters become increasingly piss off . the back and forth be suddenly get violent , until ... dr . walter gimme the goddamn fuck camera ! Dr. Walters finally get the camera free from Jimmy . camera shut off . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom / upstair hallway - day Jimmy 's behind the camera , move quickly down the hall to ... jimmy bedroom Judy be sit on he bed . she see Jimmy come in with the camera and freak out . judy no. no filming . I be leave , I swear . Judy get up to go . jimmy okay , okay . wait . as Jimmy get up to stop she , camera shut off . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - day Jimmy be filming Judy , who be sit on he bed . her face be red , she eye have water up , and she nose be snotty and run from after a intense session of cry . Jimmy be catch she second after she 's have finally compose herself . jimmy ( o.c. ) say what you say to I before . judy I do not know how I say it . 19 . jimmy ( o.c. ) paraphrase it then . judy do what ? jimmy ( o.c. ) say it like you do before but it do not have to be exactly the same . judy you mean paraphrase it . jimmy ( o.c. ) that 's what I say . judy I do not hear you . Judy stare off camera . jimmy ( o.c . ) be you ready ? judy I be wait for you . jimmy ( o.c. ) ok . judy tell I when . jimmy ( o.c. ) now . judy you want I to paraphrase it ? jimmy ( o.c. ) ( impatient ) yes ! Judy think for a beat . judy I can not remember what I say . jimmy ( o.c. ) then just ad-lib . 20 . judy ad-lib ? jimmy ( o.c. ) yes . Judy think for a beat . judy I do not know what that mean . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( get frustrated ) it mean make it up . judy ( confuse ) do you want I to make something up or paraphrase what I do the first time ? this be not work . the camera drop from Judy . jimmy ( o.c. ) let 's take a break . camera shut down . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - day camera 's on a tripod . Jimmy sit in a chair , the back of he shoulder foreground Judy . judy I be not good on camera . it make I nervous . jimmy forget about the camera . talk to I . judy ok . jimmy tell I what you say earlier . about I about how you feel when you see the video . 21 . judy ( relax ) it feel like someone have be read my mind . she stop . jimmy go on . judy it be like someone have jump into my head and watch what be be project . now Judy completely have forget that the camera be there . jimmy and earlier , what you say about God . Jimmy zoom in the camera by remote . Judy 's distract . jimmy ( off she look ) tell I . Judy refocus . judy I say that it feel like God have send someone to protect I , and to look out for I . she look at Jimmy as if he be a angel . judy and I say that you be the only person in my life who have ever look after I like that . Judy try to stifle tear , but they be start to flow again . as camera zoom in further , Judy catch sight of Jimmy 's finger on the remote and blows her fucking top , leaping from she chair . judy God , I hate it when you film I cry ! Judy go for the camera , struggle to get it off the tripod , she finally frees it and point it at Jimmy . 22 . judy ( o.c. ) how do you like it , huh ? how do you like have a camera shove right up you ass ? camera 's frame poorly , move around a lot , go in and out of focus , etc . judy ( o.c . ) do you like it ? do you ? jimmy I do not like it or dislike . I be use to it . Judy move the camera directly in he face . the lens be millimeter away from he nose . we see a extreme close up of he nostril . jimmy generally I would place the camera further away from my nose , but if this be you prefer shoot style then I guess I will have to adjust to it . Jimmy lean in and rest he nose on the lens . jimmy how 's this work for you ? Judy pull back and continue filming he . judy ( o.c. ) give I a break . jimmy ok . now Judy 's the interviewer . her frame be not quite as adept as Jimmy 's . judy ( o.c. ) so ... why do you have to film everything ? jimmy I do not film everything . judy ( o.c . ) why do you like to film I cry ? 23 . jimmy I do not . judy ( o.c. ) then why do you ? jimmy because it 's rare that I get to find someone that let they emotion go . when a person be cry , I mean truly cry , or truly laugh or smile or frown or gasp . for a few second or minute I get a chance to see that person 's soul . and really , now that you have force I to think about it . I think it 's a very rare and beautiful thing to be afforded that opportunity . Judy be shake and speechless . jimmy anything else ? Judy 's move and forget herself . camera drop from Jimmy . judy ( o.c . ) why I ? Jimmy help she put the camera back up on he . jimmy because . Jimmy sit still . Judy do not know what to do with that . jimmy why do you think ? Judy do not have a answer . Jimmy reach forward and take the camera away from she and turn the interview around . jimmy ( o.c . ) why you and why I ? why be we together right now ? Judy do not know what to say . 24 . jimmy ( o.c. ) go ahead say it . I want you to . I know what you be go to say so just say it . judy stop. jimmy ( o.c. ) ( soft ) tell I . Judy fidget . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( bully she ) tell I ! Judy fidget again , then ... judy ( blow she top ) because we be both fuck weird ! Judy pause . the pressure of the camera from Jimmy make she feel like she have to give he more . judy because we be the two weirdest kid in the world . and God make we for each other and I fuck love you , and you do all this because you love I too , and fuck everyone and everything that do not get it ! Judy 's out of breath . camera still point at she . judy that 's right , right ? Judy stare back at the camera , long for a answer from Jimmy . she tell he she love he . camera shut down . camera on : I /e. highway first -kiss - smiley -face / jimmy car - day Jimmy be drive in he car with Judy in the passenger seat . Judy have the camera and she be interview Jimmy as he drive . judy ( o.c. ) where be you take I ? 25 . jimmy to a beautiful place . judy ( o.c. ) where ? jimmy Chuck E. cheese . Judy and Jimmy laugh together . judy ( o.c. ) no seriously . jimmy I can not tell you . it will ruin it . judy ( o.c. ) Fine . Judy sulk for a second . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy , can I ask you something ? jimmy anything . judy ( o.c . ) do you hate you parent ? jimmy yes , but I understand they . judy ( o.c. ) what 's to understand ? jimmy lot of thing . judy ( o.c. ) like what ? jimmy I understand that my ascension into young adulthood trigger they descent into mid-life crisis . generally when a only child leave the nest , the parent begin reassess they own life . they see we as a young , better version of themselves . ( more ) 26 . jimmy ( cont would ) they feel abandon by we need for privacy and insecure because we no longer seek they approval . they use to take we to baseball game and cover we scrape with bandage , but once we no longer need Mom to nurture we bruise or dad to be we hero it put they role and subsequent sense of self worth into question . judy ( o.c. ) how do you know all this thing ? jimmy when you do not have any friend , do not play sport , do not go out , have no one talk to , nowhere to go , no one to listen to you , or no one to help you figure thing out , you sort of have to figure thing out by yourself . and without any of that thing I have nothing but time to think about stuff . judy ( o.c . ) you be so smart . jimmy you be so beautiful . Long pause . Judy do not know how to react . judy ( o.c . ) you think I be pretty ? jimmy I think you be the most beautiful person I have ever meet . the most beautiful person in the universe . judy ( o.c . ) no one have ever tell I that . jimmy get use to hearing it . judy ( o.c . ) do you think I be smart ? jimmy yes . 27 . judy ( o.c . ) do you think I be fat ? jimmy yes . judy ( o.c. ) how could you say that ? I only way a hundred and ten pound . jimmy oh , I be sorry . I think you say flat . as in flat chest . judy ( o.c. ) I be not flat ! Judy smack he . jimmy prove it . judy ( o.c. ) I do not have to prove it . here look . o.c. , Judy be stick she chest out for Jimmy . he look away from the road to stare , she breast fill out she top nicely . jimmy I still can not tell . judy ( o.c. ) I wear a full B cup . jimmy show I . take they out . judy ( o.c. ) I be not go to take they out ! you take yours out . jimmy it 's already out . Judy tilt the camera down . in a flash we see a lifelike dildo stick out of Jimmy 's fly , a smiley face sticker cover the head . the camera quickly shake and spin off the image as Judy scream bloody fuck murder . 28 . Jimmy laugh . Judy forget the camera be on . she drop it into she lap , fabric from she clothes cover the frame . we can hear Jimmy and Judy laugh hysterically . judy ( o.c. ) I can not believe you do that . jimmy ( o.c. ) that 's why I do it . now come on . I show you mine , let I see yours . we hear the rustling of Judy 's clothing . camera fall to she foot on the floor of the car . there 's silence . off camera , Judy 's nervously show Jimmy she breast . jimmy ( o.c. ) wow . give I the camera . judy ( o.c. ) no . jimmy ( o.c. ) please , pretty , pretty please with sugar on top . Judy grab the camera . it 's point in Jimmy 's direction , but she still do not realize it 's on . jimmy ( o.c. ) here , I will pull over . Jimmy pull over to the side of the road then take the camera . Jimmy frame up Judy . jimmy ( o.c. ) let I see them . Judy have a naughty and flirtatious smile . in the blink of a eye she suddenly lift up she shirt and expose she bra , then pull she shirt back down . Jimmy protest . jimmy ( o.c. ) that do not count . come on , for real this time . judy I be embarrassed . 29 . jimmy ( o.c . ) do not be . you can trust I . Judy 's not sure . Jimmy look into she eye , pour it on . jimmy ( o.c. ) you can . you can trust I with you life . Judy look at he with a sense of admiration then hope . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( gently ) please . Judy get the same sexy , naughty smile and lift up she shirt expose the bra , keep it there . jimmy ( o.c. ) will you take off you bra ? Judy look nervous but give in . she unhook she bra from the front and expose she naked breast for as long as she can . Jimmy focuss the camera 's attention on they . it 's too much for she . she quickly pull she shirt back down . Jimmy tilt up to a close up of Judy 's face . judy ( struggle ) I just realize something . Judy 's eye be start to well up as she try not to cry . jimmy ( o.c. ) what 's the matter ? judy I just show you my breast and I see you penis and we have not even kiss . she start tear up . judy you have not even ask I to be you girlfriend and I do that . I be a slut . ( wiping she eye ) I do not want to be a slut . Jimmy see she 's cry . 30 . jimmy ( o.c. ) will you be my girlfriend ? judy yes . jimmy ( o.c. ) can I kiss you ? judy ( sniffle ) yes . will you turn off the camera ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I want this moment to be capture forever . I would rather not kiss you at all than waste the opportunity to document the most beautiful moment of my life . Judy lean towards Jimmy , then suddenly attack he and shove the camera to the side . they be make out exuberantly . the camera shake and wobble . we can hear heavy breathe and the two of they smash up against the interior of the car . Jimmy finally have the camera in position . he have one of he arm extend and now we can see the two of they kissing . Judy 's devour he in that raging teenage hormone sort of way . judy ( whisper ) I wanna see you smiley face again . we see and hear Judy whisper , she lip place gently on the inside of Jimmy 's ear . judy ( whisper ) turn the camera off . turn the camera off . turn it off . camera go off . camera on : I /e. highway first -kiss - smiley -face / jimmy car - day Judy film Jimmy drive the car . he have a huge shit eat grin on he face . 31 . judy ( o.c. ) how do you feel ? jimmy relaxed , happy , confident , studly , excited , relieved , delighted ... I love you Judy . judy ( o.c . ) you do ? jimmy very much so . I always have . judy ( o.c . ) I too . Long pause fill with sexual tension take over . judy ( o.c . ) do you want to pull over again ? Jimmy smile . of course he do . camera go off . camera on : ext . beautiful farm - shotgun scene - day Judy film Jimmy as he fire a twelve gage pump action shot gun off into the distance . after each shot he pump then fire again . jimmy be you get this ? no response . Jimmy fire another shot . his muscle be flex as he pump the gage . he look extremely violent and determine . jimmy come on . be you get this ? a very turn off Judy reply . judy ( o.c. ) this be where you want to take I ? jimmy yeah , what 's the matter ? we can hear Judy cry . the camera shake out of control . 32 . judy ( o.c. ) I wanna go home . Jimmy look over towards the camera / Judy . he know that he 's fuck up and he feel like complete shit . Jimmy walk over to she , take the camera and shut it off . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bathroom - night Jimmy be stand in front of a mirror and be videotape he own reflection . he be talk to himself and into the camera . jimmy do not fuck this up . please do not fuck this up . now he be plead with himself . jimmy just try to be normal . ( scream ) just be normal ! God damn it why do you have to fuck everything up ? he have not convinced himself . jimmy be normal . be normal . be normal ! Jimmy take a breath , then shut the camera down . camera on : int . jimmy house - jimmy bedroom - night Jimmy film Judy who lie next to he in the bed . her face be sweaty and red and he be still a tad out of breath . Jimmy be capture she literally second after they have sex . she 's somewhat bewilder , then she notice the camera . she 's start to get use to it . judy ( big smile ) hi. 33. jimmy ( o.c . ) so how do you feel now , right at this moment ? Judy just sigh , bask in the afterglow . judy I do not know . ( try ) that be soooo good . jimmy ( o.c . ) you be good . what get into you ? judy I do not know . I have just really be want you lately . really bad . jimmy ( o.c . ) why 's that ? Judy chuckle . judy I be embarrassed . I can not say . jimmy ( o.c. ) now you have to tell I . judy it be after yesterday . Jimmy be more than surprised . jimmy ( o.c. ) yesterday ? Judy speak as if she be go to reveal a big secret . very quiet and cute in she mannerism . judy yeah , it be after I see you shoot that gun . jimmy ( o.c . ) you be cry . I want to kill myself after I do that . you be scared and you be shaking . it be the most awful thing I ever do . I do not think I would ever see you again . 34 . Judy think . judy I be scared at first . really scared . I do not expect it to be so loud and you look so mean . but then I get home and start think about it . about how you muscle look and how dangerous it all seem . it make I like ... all excited , and like ... Judy look for the right word . jimmy ( o.c. ) horny ? Judy laugh with embarrassment . camera shake as Jimmy hand it to she . jimmy ( o.c. ) here . hold this . Judy turn the camera back on Jimmy as he leap out of bed . judy ( o.c. ) where you go ? jimmy one sec ! Jimmy 's bare ass flash we as he head out the bedroom door . Judy hold the camera as we hear Jimmy in the hallway . he open a closet door , fumble through it , then bust back into the bedroom , hold the shotgun he use out on the lake . Jimmy zoom in on Jimmy 's naked upper body as he stand in front of she and begin pump the gun and pull the trigger . obviously the gun be not load . judy ( o.c. ) that be so hot ! jimmy my dad keep it in he closet . here . Jimmy give Judy the gun . now she 's hold the gun and the camera . judy ( o.c . ) it 's heavy . 35 . Judy point the gun at Jimmy . she lower it , aim right at he crotch just below frame . jimmy now I see the appeal . give I the camera . Judy hand Jimmy the camera . camera move and shake as she hand it over . Jimmy frame she up nicely . now we see Judy topless , point the gun directly at the lens of the camera . judy what do you think of this ? she bring the gun down , then take the barrel of the gun and place it between she breast , squishing they together , cover she nipple as she rub the barrel between she breast . judy do you like that ? jimmy ( o.c. ) yes . Judy take the barrel of the gun from she breast and near she mouth . she start roll she tongue over the top of the barrel slowly and seductively , then stop . it look as if she 's about to perform full mock oral sex on the barrel of the gun . jimmy ( o.c. ) that be so hot . as she be about to start to move she mouth and lip over the gun , then suddenly we hear a garage door open . Jimmy throw the camera sideways down on the bed . jimmy ( o.c. ) fuck ! it 's my parent ! we be now see sideways rotate image of Jimmy and Judy panic , throw on they clothes as fast as humanly possible . Jimmy grab the camera off the bed and turn it off . camera on : 36 . int . jimmy house - parent ' bedroom - day Jimmy be hide in the closet of he parent ' bedroom . he have the door of the closet crack and put the lens of the camera through the crack . Jimmy 's dad enter the room . he have no idea that he be be film and that Jimmy be in the closet . Jimmy 's dad walk over to the dresser , open up the top drawer and pull something out . it 's too dark in the room to tell exactly what he 's pull out , but it appear to resemble some sort of undergarment . Jimmy 's dad begin undress , then step out of frame . after a beat , he reappear . now he 's wear nothing but a sequine teddy . he 's totally fat , hairy , and nasty look . he sit on the side of the bed , he back to we . now we see that what he grab out of the drawer be actually a pair of fishnet stocking . he begin put they on . when he be finish put on he panty hose , he get up off the bed and begin admire he leg in a mirror . he begin to gently stroke the side of he leg , relishing the feel of the hose over he hand and fingertip . he seem to be lip synce the word to a song and begin to get all work up . he shake he hip and dance around the room for a few second . now Jimmy 's dad go to the dresser and pull out a long brunette wig from the back of he top drawer . put it on , with the fishnet stocking , sequine teddy and long wig , he have transformed himself into the world 's fattest , ugliest , hairiest , cher look - a-like . someone else enter the room . jimmy dad hi sweety . Holy shit . it 's Jimmy 's Mom , and she 's wear a leather dominatrix outfit ! jimmy mom be you ready for I , you fuck slut ? jimmy dad not quite . 37 . jimmy mom I do not feel like wait . hurry up bitch . what do you have leave to do ? jimmy dad I just need to put on my makeup . as Jimmy 's Mom exit frame , we see Jimmy 's dad go to the mirror . he open up the top drawer again and pull out a little makeup bag . Jimmy 's Mom re-enter , now wear a mini leather biker 's hat , carry a riding switch . jimmy mom come on slut . Jimmy 's dad finish apply he lipstick and move over to the bed . by the way Jimmy 's parent be behave , it 's as if they have go through this routine a thousand time . Jimmy 's Mom drift off screen as Jimmy 's dad get up on all four . suddenly , we hear a smack as Jimmy 's Mom hit Jimmy 's dad on he ass with the switch . he let out deep pleasure groan as she continue smacking he with the whip harder and harder . he yelp , squeal , and gyrate he hip back and forth , then start dry humping the air until she stop . Jimmy 's Mom come back through and out of frame . Jimmy 's dad push he belly into the bed , groan from the pain while he wait for she return . she come back , move quickly across the screen wear a enormous strap on dildo . disappear out of frame again , Jimmy 's dad get himself ready for she one more time , ass up , on all four on the bed . from behind , we can see she hand as she hike she husband 's dress up he back , then we see he face and hear he grunt as she rip he fishnet off screen . there 's a pause . nothing seem to be happen , but Jimmy 's dad be brace himself for something . his face tighten up . off screen , Jimmy 's Mom have start mount he from behind . Jimmy can not take it any longer . as he slowly emerge from the closet , he Mom notice Jimmy almost immediately . she jump off she husband , scream bloody murder . 38 . camera 's shaky but it 's easy to guess what 's be happen . Mom 's just start do dad from behind with the strap on . jimmy hi mom . hi dad . what be you guy up to ? Jimmy 's dad leap from the bed and begin shouting . he look completely absurd scream at Jimmy wear he sequine dress and wig . jimmy dad what the fuck be you do here ? Jimmy 's Mom go hysterical and begin scream at Jimmy 's dad . jimmy mom ( to he dad ) I tell you he would find out you fuck freak ! no wonder he 's a fuck psycho . look a he father . Jimmy 's dad be beside himself with fury and throw off he wig . jimmy dad turn off the that fuck camera ! turn off that fuck camera right fuck now god damn it ! Jimmy be loving it . jimmy gee dad , what do you say the two of we go out to the front yard and throw some ball together ? we will have a nice friendly game of catch . Jimmy 's dad attack Jimmy . he swing at the lens . he 's one angry drag queen daddy . he begin strangling Jimmy . jimmy dad you little mother fucker . turn off that fuck camera ! Jimmy 's Mom rip off she strap on dildo and begin beat Jimmy 's dad with it . judge from the punishment she 's inflict upon she drag queen husband , the dildo apparently be make from the finest and heaviest of material . 39 . jimmy mom stop it ! you be go to kill he . Jimmy 's dad let go . the dildo 's do the trick . jimmy dad bitch ! Jimmy 's Mom keep swinging the dildo at Jimmy 's dad even though he 's let go . jimmy mom fuck you ! you think you know I ? you do not know I ! you piece of shit ! jimmy ( laugh ) Mom ! Jimmy 's Mom now direct she attention on Jimmy . she scream at he as she swing she gigantic strap on towards the camera . jimmy mom you little beast ! you want to film something ? Film this ! she continue to swing the strap on as she walk closer and closer to the lens . the camera go crazy . loud sound be hear throughout the room . evidently Jimmy have be tackle . we hear wrestle and grunt . it seem that Jimmy 's dad have tackle Jimmy , or maybe he Mom , or both , but the camera be too shaky to tell just what have happen . Jimmy 's dad be still fight . he seem to have they all pin against the floor . he 's crush he mother . jimmy dad ( o.c. ) Nancy , Nancy , Nancy , Nancy ! please someone call I Nancy . my name be Nancy . jimmy mom ( o.c. ) ( cry hysterically ) Nancy , Nancy , Nancy ... Jimmy please call he " Nancy " for the love of God . call you daddy Nancy . call he Nancy ...! 40 . we hear Jimmy 's Mom scream / repeat herself . we see a hand go over the lens . Jimmy and he mother and father be all in a wrestle match on the floor . Jimmy with great enthusiasm begin to sing as the camera shake . jimmy ( o.c. ) take I out to the ball game , take I out to the crowd , buy I some peanut and crackerjack ... the wrestle match continue as we see more hand come towards the lens . Jimmy 's Mom suddenly stop scream , as if she 's be knock out . jimmy dad ( o.c. ) give I that fuck tape ! jimmy ( o.c. ) I do not think so Nancy . Nancy , Nancy , Nancy ... after some very intense fight , someone be finally able to shut the camera off . camera on : ext . forest / meadow - running naked - day Jimmy have the camera and be chase a naked ( just from behind ) Judy through the wood . the camera shake and rattles , but we can definitely tell this be all in good fun . Judy scream as she be be chase through the wood . she could not feel more free . she begin to tire and slow down . she can no longer run and turn towards the camera . as she turn around , camera show she from the waist up . she have a beer can in she hand and she be a little drunk . for the first time , she 's completely at ease with she own body and look perfectly natural be naked in the wilderness . she walk towards the camera smoothly and seductively . her long hair blond hair blow gently in the wind . judy I be so glad you be out . next time you dad want to take it in the ass , don't film he ! 41 . jimmy ( o.c. ) I know . ironic that I be the one send to the nut house . judy I think I be go to die without you . what if you and I could live here together ? forever . jimmy ( o.c. ) right here ? judy I be serious . maybe not here , but eventually we will buy some land , and we can live together on it , and be naked whenever we want . she take a big swig of she beer . then burp . judy Excuse I . what do you think ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I think you be drunk . Judy walk towards the camera . she put she mouth inch away from the lens . judy I think you be right mister . Judy giggle , then dance around playfully in the wood . she have never feel so alive . judy I do not want this to ever end . I want to be here forever . I want to dance and be naked and be free , and I want we to ball we brain out everyday , and I want to feel the air on my body and I want to get drunk and not care about anything in the world . I just want we to be together in this moment . jimmy ( o.c. ) I know a place like that . judy you do ? 42 . jimmy ( o.c. ) yep . we can go there one day if you want . judy we can ? where be it ? jimmy ( o.c. ) erlanger . judy ( do not buy it ) erlanger ! jimmy ( o.c. ) yeah erlanger . everybody be talk about it in the nut house . that 's all anybody fuck talk about be this dude who life up there name uncle rodney . he supposedly have a commune where we can do this kind of thing every day . judy uncle rodney 's commune ? Judy smile , almost laugh . it all sound pretty ridiculous to she , but play along anyway . judy that 's funny . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( playfully ) no , I be serious . Judy walk back towards the camera and grab it away from Jimmy , surprising he . jimmy hey ! judy ( o.c. ) okay , now it 's you turn . shot from the waist up , we now see that Jimmy 's naked as well . he 's at a loss as to what he should say . judy ( o.c. ) how do it feel to be a free man ? Jimmy think . a drunk Judy be lose she patience . 43. judy ( o.c. ) come on , come on , come on ... jimmy I be think . judy ( o.c. ) just let it go , be free . jimmy ( adoringly ) you be such a hippie all of sudden . judy ( o.c. ) come on . jimmy no. Judy 's not get what she want from he . camera shut down . camera on : ext . forest / meadow - running naked - day Judy film Jimmy . the camera be close and intimate as they lie on they side stare into each other 's eye . Judy be still naked , but be be shot in a extreme close up . judy ( o.c. ) okay , go . Jimmy 's still not up for it . Judy grab the camera and turn it on he . judy ( o.c. ) come on ! Jimmy 's turn the table . jimmy okay , you really wanna hear something ? judy ( o.c. ) yeah . Jimmy take a deep breath , a touch of intensity flash in he eye , then ... 44 . jimmy I want to go one day without masturbate . I want to liberate my penis . I want to clone you so we could have a three way and neither of we would be cheating . I want you to scrape my ball with a cheese grater ... Judy start laugh . the camera 's shaking . judy ( o.c. ) that 's gross ! Jimmy suddenly get serious . jimmy and I love you . I love you so much it hurt . judy ( o.c . ) it hurt ? jimmy like God be stabbing I in heart with a thousand knife at the same time and you be the only one who can make the pain go away . do you love I that much ? judy ( o.c. ) I love you so much , I would rather die than be without you . jimmy here . Jimmy grab the camera and point it at Judy . jimmy ( o.c. ) make I a promise ... the way a husband and wife make a promise ... that we will be together always and forever . judy you mean get marry ? jimmy ( o.c. ) something more powerful than marriage . it 's a bond . it 's we bond . it 's transcendental . 45 . judy what ? jimmy ( o.c. ) Transcendental . ( grab the camera ) here . Jimmy hand Judy the camera as she start to frame he up , but they be really engage each other 's eye over the top of the eyepiece . jimmy it 's transcendental because it transcend everything . life , love , law , people , thing ... a bond so strong that we soul will become one and it can never end , even in death . if you swear on the bond , it mean you would rather die than break you promise . Judy be move . judy ( o.c. ) that 's so beautiful . jimmy you be so beautiful . I want to love you forever . judy ( o.c. ) swear on the bond . swear we will be together forever , that you would rather die than be apart . jimmy I swear on the bond . judy ( o.c . ) and we will never let anything come between we , not even death . jimmy not even death . I swear . nothing will come between we , ever . Jimmy stare at she , then slowly lean in for a kiss ... a long , wet , toe curling kiss . Jimmy find a way to point the camera at the kiss . 46 . they break apart . Judy sigh , stare into Jimmy 's eye , then lean into he , he lip touch she forehead , they eye close as they feel the energy of true love . judy we will be together forever . jimmy ( whisper ) together forever . camera shut down . camera on : I /e. grocery store parking lot / jimmy car - day Jimmy and Judy sit in a park car outside of a huge grocery store . Jimmy and Judy sit outside a small grocery store . Jimmy film himself . Judy 's in the passenger seat . he do he best news announcer impersonation . jimmy this be action ten news reporter Jimmy Van muffmuncher report to you live from the parking lot of Dick 's grocery store where we be go to witness the beautiful , the talented , the amazing Judy , commit she first crime . Jimmy flip the camera around onto Judy . jimmy ( o.c . ) be there anything you would like to say to the public and you ador fan before you go through with this ? Judy gleefully play along . judy well Mr. Van muffmuncher . I just want to say that I look forward to lose , my , um ... Judy pause to think . judy what do you call it before ? 47 . jimmy ( o.c. ) you conformist crimeless virginity . Judy snap back into she role as interviewee . judy yes , I be very much look forward to lose my conformist crimeless virginity . I would also like to share with my fan this . Judy lift up she shirt and expose she bra to the camera . jimmy ( v.o. ) ( in he reporter voice ) thank you and thank you tit for this rare , behind the scene look at you first crime slash moment of truth . Judy lean in pop a quick kiss at the lens of the camera . Jimmy shut it down . camera on : int . grocery store - day Jimmy be in a grocery store aisle filming Judy from way far away . we can barely make out that it be she until Jimmy zoom in tighter . she could not look more nervous or obvious . she be in the beer section . she quickly take a six pack of can beer and struggle to put it in she school bag . she walk quickly towards the exit . Jimmy follow she and catch up . Jimmy be stand next to she and he continue to film . Judy look so nervous . judy Jimmy , turn it off . we be gonna get bust . jimmy ( o.c . ) no way , this be the best part . a man be yell at they off camera . man ( o.c. ) hey you two . stop . 48 . Jimmy pan over and a store manager be stand in front of they . store manager what the hell do you think you be do ? Jimmy and Judy have no reply . the store manager give they he best intimidating stare . there be a extremely long pause . store manager turn that damn thing off . you can not be run around the store play with a camera . it 's against the store policy . now get out of here . camera shut down . camera on : ext . grocery store - parking lot - day Judy be look at the lens of the camera . she 's shaking and scream . judy what be the matter with you Jimmy ? you almost get we catch . you be so worried about that camera . what be it ? what be it ! Jimmy calmly and quietly explain . jimmy ( o.c. ) twenty year from now , when we be together watch this tape you will realize how special this moment be . I owe it to you . and I owe it to we to capture everything and anything we do together . Judy be calm but still be piss . judy well you freak I out sometimes . why do you have to tape everything ? it 's like you have a problem or something . Judy 's case be not stick . she tread lightly . 49 . judy you know , most of the reason kid think you be so weird be because of it . why do you think everybody make fun of you ? and then I have to hear it and I have to deal with it . jimmy ( o.c . ) so everybody make fun of I , huh ? judy yeah . can not you give the thing a fuck rest ? Jimmy 's fume . jimmy ( o.c . ) and you do not want to deal with it ? well fuck they and fuck you too if you think that . I could not give a fuck what people say . this be my life and I want to document it . and right now I filming you happen to be the only reason I manage to get out of my fuck bed every morning ! you can not take this away from I ! Jimmy start cry . Judy take the camera . she tape Jimmy who be sobbing . now she be the one who speak gently . she 's try to give he a taste of he own medicine . judy ( o.c. ) how do it feel Jimmy ? how do it feel to have someone taping you while you be cry ? Jimmy do not answer . he try to compose himself enough to speak . Judy push harder . judy ( o.c. ) tell I . look at the camera and tell I how it feel ! jimmy you be not get it . it do not matter how it feel right now . ( more ) 50 . jimmy ( cont would ) what matter be that you be see what 's inside of I and you taping it . can you understand that ? Judy do not know how to respond . jimmy can you ? judy ( o.c. ) I do not know . jimmy well can you at least try ? Jimmy be still cry . this weigh on she . judy ( o.c. ) yes . I can most definitely try . jimmy and you can never , ever , ever ask I to not film you or anything we do . that 's the only thing I will ever ask of you . agreed ? judy ( o.c. ) okay . I be sorry . jimmy will you swear to it ? on camera , will you swear to it ? Jimmy have talk himself into a good mood . before we hear Judy 's response , we ... jump CUT to : I /e. grocery store parking lot / jimmy car - day moment later , Jimmy be now taping Judy . she have she right hand up , like a witness about to be swear into the stand . she 's all smile as Jimmy give she the oath to repeat back to he . jame ( o.c. ) please raise you right hand . Judy raise she right hand . jimmy ( o.c. ) please repeat after I . I Judy ... 51 . judy I Judy ... jimmy ( o.c . ) do hereby solemnly swear ... judy do hereby solemnly swear ... jimmy ( o.c. ) that I will never ask , request , or even insinuate to Jimmy to cease filming , no matter the situation . judy that I will never ask , request , or even insinuate to Jimmy to cease filming , no matter the situation . jimmy ( o.c . ) and furthermore , I do hereby solemnly swear to commit myself to give Jimmy he daily blowjob and will continue to perform various sex act with the skill and enthusiasm that he have become accustom to . Judy laugh , then scream with embarrassed excitement . her laughter and happiness be infectious . she pound she fist on the dashboard and laugh again . we can hear Jimmy laugh off camera as well . jimmy ( o.c. ) keep you right hand up . Judy lift she right hand back up . she look at the camera with a huge smile . judy I do hereby solemnly swear to g ... thwack ! someone have throw a full soda can on the hood of Jimmy 's car . he pan and zoom the camera over and see a car full of Three teenager laugh at they . jimmy ( o.c. ) mother fucker . suddenly the teenage driver of the car appear , as if out of nowhere , run to the passenger side . Jimmy zoom out . 52 . the frame catch up to he just as he spit a huge loogie into the car , hit Judy right in the face . Judy scream . the car full of Three teenager laugh hysterically at she expense . Jimmy hand Judy the camera . jimmy here , you be definitely go to want to tape this . Jimmy calmly get out of he car as Judy tape he through the window . we can hear she breathe heavily as she try not to cry softly off camera . Jimmy have go to the rear of the car . we hear the trunk open while Judy film through the windshield at the car full of laugh teens . Jimmy enter the frame carry a baseball bat . we see he talk calmly to the driver of the car , the kid who spat in Judy 's face . then ... wham ! Jimmy reel back and clock the kid right in the face with the bat . the kid fall over into the front seat of the car . Jimmy calmly walk over to the front of the car and begin bashing in the windshield . judy ( o.c. ) ( to herself ) oh my God . now rage have take over Jimmy over entirely . he 's bashing in the windshield with all of he might . the teenager all go run from the car . a crowd start to form in the parking lot . judy ( o.c. ) ( to herself ) oh , God Jimmy ... Jimmy have now completely bashed in the windshield and move to the front of the car . he now begin smash the other window . now a sizeable crowd be form . Jimmy be seemingly oblivious to they and continue bashing the car . 53. judy ( o.c. ) ( to herself ) I love you Jimmy . now it 's to the point of overkill . but Jimmy will not stop . it 's as if the rage he 's be carry inside of he he entire life be now come to the surface . we hear siren in the distance as Jimmy continue to bash the car . the car be in near shamble as we hear police siren in the distance . Judy begin scream . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy stop , please stop . Jimmy ... oh god , Jimmy stop . God damn it , fuck stop ! Jimmy do not . he pound the car harder as a police cruiser pull up . two policeman get out of the car . they be temporarily paralyze with indecision . we see one of the officer try to speak with Jimmy . he just ignore they . the policeman be oblivious to the fact they be be film . one of the officer get out a can of mace and spray it in Jimmy 's face . now Jimmy be completely freaking out . we hear he scream , but he continue to bash the car with he eye close . one of the cop draw he gun as Jimmy swing aimlessly towards they . he get spray again with the mace and be now completely blind . a huge crowd have now amass outside of the grocery store . judy ( o.c . ) oh , God Jimmy , oh God ... now the entire parking lot be fill with cop car . light be flash all around Jimmy . he be surround but sill continue to swing the bat . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ... Three cop tackle Jimmy from behind . Judy throw down the camera and run out the door . the camera be face down on the seat . 54 . we hear Judy get out of the car , leave the door open so we can hear the entire scene with much more intensity . the sound of police siren and radio be overwhelming . we hear a woman scream and more siren and car be pull up . more scream and sound on the radio be hear . we hear police chatter : police chatter ( o.c. ) ( over the police radio ) we be go to need a ambulance stat at the parking lot of the grocery store on Route 18 ... more scream and chatter be hear until someone enter the car . we do not know who it be . they turn off the camera . camera on : I /e. sanitarium parking lot / judy' car - day Judy be filming . she sit behind the wheel point the camera at the front door of a hidden valley mental Hospital . she zoom in on a sign . Judy flip the camera around to herself . judy hi baby . I miss you . ( blow a kiss ) mwaa ! I will be wait for you when you get out . be good and do not wait too long . look what I do for you ! Judy open she mouth wide . she 's get a tongue stud on she tongue . judy I can not wait to use it on you ! camera shut down . camera on : I /e. fast food restaurant drive thru / jimmy car - day Jimmy 's pull forward to the drive through while Judy tape from passenger seat . a voice squawk at Jimmy , ask for he order . 55 . jimmy can I get a double cheese burger , no pickle , large fries and a coke ? Jimmy look at the camera . jimmy that 's what I fuck miss more than anything . fast food . he turn back to order more . jimmy and a number two . the drive thru window voice rattles off a price and tell he to pull up . Jimmy continue to camera . judy ( o.c. ) what do you do in there all day ? jimmy masturbated mostly . judy ( o.c. ) ( jokingly ) you cheat on I ! I want to be the only person responsible for make you cum . jimmy I hope you be willing to be on call twenty four hour a day . judy ( o.c. ) seriously , what do you do ? what be a day in the life of Jimmy in the nut house ? jimmy well , besides masturbate , I talk and talk and talk and fuck talk until they be satisfied . but basically I tell they what they want to hear . I say shit like ... Jimmy do a over the top mock sincerity speech . 56 . jimmy " now that I be finally able to talk about my problem , I now realize that my behavior be inappropriate and harmful to other . " Judy laugh . jimmy then I figure it out . I have to cry as much as possible . whenever someone would cry they would call it a " break through . " so I would be like . Jimmy do a imitation of himself in therapy . he look directly into the lens . jimmy you start out slow , then you build it up like this ... " now I know that use violence be not the answer . " Jimmy be get progressively sappier and more over the top with he self impersonation . jimmy then you go like this : ( snap back into the impersonation ) I be wrong , I know I be wrong and I will never do it again . I do not want to hurt people or myself . Jimmy do a obnoxious fake cry . jimmy boo hoo , waaaaaa , boo-hoo-hoo , waaaaaaa . ( snap out of it ) then you always give they the obligatory hug at the end . after a couple of week , then they officially diagnose you with something , give you a prescription , then you be do . judy ( o.c. ) God , you be a genius . Jimmy pull up to the drive through window and pay the cashier who hand he the a paper bag of food . 57 . Jimmy pull away and park . Judy continue to question he as he go through he bag of food . judy ( o.c . ) so what do they say you have ? Jimmy munch on some fries . jimmy odd . oppositional defiance disorder . judy ( o.c . ) you be so lucky . I wish I be diagnose with something . what do it mean ? Jimmy pretend he be read from a text book 50 's industrial spoof style . jimmy odd be a disorder characterize by a overwhelming pattern of negative , hostile , and defiant behavior which cause severe delusion where the patient can no longer distinguish fantasy from reality . judy ( o.c. ) wow . I love that ! Jimmy smile as he get he burger out of the paper bag . he then open the top bun of the burger to examine if they get he order correct . they do not . Jimmy playfully begin to act crazy . jimmy you see . they fuck up my order . I specifically ask for no pickle . judy ( o.c. ) ( play along ) oh , no ! how will odd Boy handle this ? will he odd brain be able to withstand a pickle screw up at the drive through ? Jimmy go into a cartoonish like crazy person character . 58 . he begin by take the pickle off of he burger . he put the burger down , quickly lift he shirt , hold it up with he chin while he place two pickle over top of he nipple . Jimmy yell . jimmy ooow , jeez , they be hot ! I burnt my nipple with the pickle . Judy crack up laugh . Jimmy take a pickle off of he leave nipple and dangle it directly in front of the lens . he then feed it to Judy . we hear Judy chomping on the pickle and giggle off camera . the camera shake then shut down . camera on : I /e. ghetto / judy' car - night Judy be drive through the ghetto as Jimmy shoot out of the window . on the sidewalk , he catch glimpsis drug dealer , a crack Whore , a drunk stumbling along , and other pretty sketchy character . jimmy ( o.c. ) I love the ghetto . I do not know what it be about it . I fuck love it . it 's always the first place I go to when I get out . judy I love it when you be out of the looney bin . do you think you might be able to try to avoid the place for a while ? jimmy ( o.c. ) ( joke ) if they do not send I to the bin , maybe they will send I to jail . this upset Judy . judy I be serious . you act like it 's no big deal when you go away ! jimmy ( o.c. ) ( tired of it ) all right . 59 . judy no it 's not all right ! when you be in there I have to be out in the real world alone , by myself Jimmy . you go away and come back like it 's no big deal . well it be a big deal . I do not want to spend another day without you . do you understand I ? I would rather die . Judy 's hold back tear . jimmy ( o.c. ) I be not go back . she do not believe he . she 's really start to cry despite herself . he pull he eye from the lens to look at she . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy . Judy look over at he . jimmy ( o.c. ) I promise . I swear on my life and I swear on we bond , I will never go back . her freak out subside . judy if you swear on we bond , then I believe you . Judy let out half cry and half yelp . her emotion be a bit out of control . judy I love you so fuck much . jimmy ( o.c. ) I love you too . awkward silence . Judy look like she want to ask Jimmy something . jimmy ( o.c. ) what 's the matter ? 60 . judy I be think , the last time you get out we do it like five time , like as soon as we see each other , we get naked and start do it . and today , my parent be not even home and I try to do some stuff to you , but you be act like you be not interested . jimmy ( o.c. ) I do not mean to . judy be it because you jerk off so much while you be lock up ? Jimmy hand she a small bottle of whiskey . she take a sizable gulp , make a face , then hand it back to Jimmy . jimmy ( o.c. ) no. Judy be get upset again . judy ( voice crack ) then why do not you want to have sex with I Jimmy ? you do not think I be pretty anymore ? jimmy ( o.c. ) no , no , no ! that have nothing to do with it . after I see my dad be ram in the ass by my mother , I kind of block it out , but when I be in there they keep talk to I and talk to I about it . now I can not stop it from come into my head . every time I get wood , the instant replay machine in my brain project this image of my Mom pound into my dad . judy God , that 's awful . I do not know . jimmy ( o.c. ) yeah well , you know you do not give too much of a effort to get in my pants anyhow . you just sort of make you sex face and grab my crotch . 61 . Judy take another drink off the bottle of whiskey and smile . judy how do you like this ? while she be drive she pull down she tank top and quickly expose she breast through the top of she shirt . jimmy ( o.c. ) now we be talk . Judy try to position she body so she breast be in frame . she begin push one up , then stick out she tongue , teasing . jimmy ( o.c. ) that be so hot . Judy smile and look over at the camera . one hand on the steering wheel and one on she breast , when ... jimmy ( o.c. ) watch out ! boom ! a loud thump hit the car , shaking the camera . jimmy ( o.c. ) I think you hit someone . Judy 's in shock . Jimmy put the camera on the floor of the car by the passenger seat . he forget to turn it off . all we see be a close up of the floor and Jimmy 's foot . jimmy ( o.c. ) stay here . Jimmy get out of the car . we hear the car door open then close . Judy sound like she be have a complete nervous breakdown . she 's cry , but in a extremely nervous and frantic way . judy ( o.c. ) ( call to he ) oh my God , what be you do ? we have no clue what Jimmy be do outside of the car . 62 . judy ( o.c . ) oh fuck , oh fuck . oh my god . Jimmy ? we hear a car door open and some struggle sound come from Jimmy . judy ( o.c . ) do not put he in here ! jimmy ( o.c. ) we be take he to the hospital . judy ( o.c . ) no , we will get bust . Long pause , we hear Jimmy struggle off camera . judy ( o.c. ) what ... what be you do ? jimmy ( o.c. ) he 's not breathe . he 's not fuck breathe ! silence . you can feel they think . judy ( o.c . ) be he dead ? jimmy ( o.c. ) ( have decide ) pop the trunk for I . judy ( o.c. ) no . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy . judy ( o.c. ) what be we gonna do ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I do not know right now , but we be not drive around with a dead guy in we back seat . judy ( o.c. ) I just want to go home . Jimmy , let 's leave he . he 's dead . we should just go . 63. jimmy ( o.c. ) pop the fuck trunk already before someone see we ! we hear Judy pop the trunk . we hear Jimmy struggle . the camera be still on the floor of the car . more struggle as Jimmy be clearly outside put the body into the trunk . judy ( o.c. ) ( to self ) I want to go home . we hear Jimmy slam the trunk . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( scream ; frustrated ) fuck ! we hear Jimmy come around to the driver 's seat and open the door . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy , I ... jimmy ( o.c. ) I be drive . we hear Judy get out of the car and walk around to the passenger side and open the door , but she do not get in . jimmy ( o.c. ) get in . Judy do not respond . jimmy ( o.c . ) be you gonna fuck get in ! Judy be hysterical . judy ( o.c . ) we should just leave he here . jimmy ( o.c . ) we can not leave he in the middle of the fuck ghetto . get in before someone see we ! 64 . Judy 's lose it . judy ( o.c. ) I do not want he in my fuck car ! I want he out ! before Jimmy can respond , we see the reflection of police light . Red and blue light flicker against the lens . judy ( o.c . ) oh shit ! we hear Judy get in the car and close the door . judy ( o.c . ) it 's the fuck cop . jimmy ( o.c. ) just shut up . she 's hysterical . judy ( o.c . ) it 's the cop . it 's the cop . it 's the ... jimmy ( o.c. ) shhhhhh ! Jimmy kick the camera . we still can not see any of this . we can only hear what 's happen . jimmy ( o.c . ) you gotta play it cool , okay ? Judy 's cry get louder . jimmy ( o.c. ) stop fuck cry . please , I be begging you . stop it . we hear the cop open and shut he patrol car door . judy ( o.c. ) oh God . he 's get out of the car . we have get a dead homeless guy in we trunk and he 's ... jimmy ( o.c. ) ssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! 65 . judy ( o.c . ) oh , my god Jimmy , he 's walk towards we . jimmy ( o.c. ) ssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! just be cool . the cop be close , we can feel he footstep come towards the car . Judy collect herself as best as she can . the cop tap he flashlight against the window . we hear Judy roll down she power window and we hear the voice of the cop . cop ( o.c. ) good evening . license and registration please . jimmy ( o.c. ) certainly , sir . the light from the cop 's flashlight reflect off the floor of the car and into the lens of the camera . the reflection stop . the wait be unbearable . cop ( o.c. ) could you please step out of the vehicle ? Jimmy get out of the car as Judy tremble in the passenger seat . we only hear the sound of Judy sniffle and repress herself from cry and idle chatter of the cop 's radio . it seem like forever , then ... thump ! the car be shaking , we hear intense struggle go on outside . Judy unleash a pierce , high pitch scream . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! more violent struggle be hear as Judy begin to hyperventilate . pop 66 . a gunshot be fire . Judy scream . judy ( o.c. ) aaaaahhhhhhh ! pop . another shot be fire . the car door open , Jimmy get in . we hear the sound of tire squealing and the engine roaring . judy ( o.c. ) what happen ? jimmy ( o.c. ) shut up ! Judy 's now totally freak . judy ( o.c. ) what happen ! jimmy ( o.c. ) just shut the fuck up ! I do not fuck want to talk about it ! Jimmy can not bully she into silence . she continue to freak out . the camera be kick . judy ( o.c. ) I just want to know what fucking happened ! I wanna know . I wanna know . I just wanna fucking ...! camera be kick off and shut down . camera on : ext . rest stop - seclude area - trunk of the car - night a weird , digital , black and white image play on the camera . there 's no light and Jimmy 's get the camera back in " nite shot " mode . he 's stand outside of the car filming the homeless man who be lie dead inside of the trunk . Judy stand next to he as he film . the homeless man be twisted and contort in order to fit in the small confines of the trunk . Jimmy pan back and forth and up and down he dead body . 67 . judy ( o.c. ) what be you do ? jimmy ( o.c. ) ( it 's obvious ) I be filming . judy ( o.c . ) it 's dark . you can not see anything . jimmy ( o.c . ) it 's on infra-re . do you wanna see ? judy ( o.c. ) no , I do not wanna see . jimmy ( o.c. ) he 's beautiful . he really be . there 's a certain serenity to death I appreciate . judy ( o.c. ) he 's dead . he 's in my car , Jimmy , and he stink . I wanna go home . Jimmy keep filming . judy ( o.c. ) I do not think I can do this . Jimmy ignore she . judy ( o.c. ) I be not like you . I can not do this . ( hold back a sob ) I wanna fuck go home . jimmy ( o.c. ) yeah , well you can not fuck go home . and you will do this . you do do this . you kill he . you do not get in the car until the cop show up . now we do not have a choice . you want I to go to jail ? you want that ? judy ( o.c. ) ( softer ) no . Judy settles . Jimmy be out of breath . 68 . the sun be beginning to rise . the light of a new day cascade upon the dead body in the trunk . judy ( o.c. ) ( half cry ) what be we go to do ? jimmy ( o.c . ) we just need to make intelligent decision . that 's all . we will find a way to take care of it . then we will go away . we will fix it . it will be okay . I promise . judy ( o.c. ) you promise ? jimmy ( o.c. ) yeah . come here . Jimmy have drop the camera away from the homeless man . he 's still roll while he wrap he arm around she and hold she . we hear he kissing she softly . jimmy ( o.c . ) it 's gonna be okay . I be gonna take care of everything . I promise . camera shut down . camera on : int . wood in nowhere - homeless man roast - night we see and hear a huge roaring fire . Jimmy have zoom the lens in so close that we can not tell what it be that 's burn . as he pull out , it 's reveal that the dead homeless guy be roasting in the fire . judy ( o.c. ) ( cough ) oh , my god . the hair burn be make I nauseous . Judy cough more violently before . 69 . jimmy ( o.c. ) yeah , God damn . Burning body fuck stink . that bum 's body odor be be cook right off he . Jimmy poke the flame skull with he stick . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! Jimmy poke some more at the body , then flip the camera up at Judy . judy what ? I be not in the mood . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( make light ) do not have to be in the mood . do not matter . the camera 's on , it 's on . ( change the subject ) you wanna know where we be gonna go ? judy okay , where be we gonna go ? jimmy ( o.c. ) we be go to lincoln to visit dinko . judy who 's dinko , Jimmy ? jimmy ( o.c. ) he 's cool . and he 's get he own place , and he say I could stay there whenever ever I want . plus he know about you and he want to meet you . and he do not like cop , so he 's not gonna call them . okay ? now gimme a smile . judy no . jimmy ( o.c. ) gimme a smile , and I will let you see my smiley face again . Judy begin cough . 70 . judy I can not get sexy with that smell . I just can not . camera shut down . camera on : int . dinko' trailer - night Music be play extremely loud in a funky ass trailer as Judy dance with dinko ( late 20 ) a completely drunk trailer trash dude wear a pizza delivery outfit . empty whiskey and beer bottle be scattered throughout the tiny live room as cigarette smoke hover around they due to a ridiculously low ceiling . Judy be dance in a very sexy manner with dinko who be dance like a complete dork . dinko have no move , rhythm , or beat whatsoever , but dance with as much vigor as a dog on crack . Jimmy be sit on the couch filming they dance in front of he . dinko be force to scream over top of the music to be hear . he look directly at Jimmy notice that Jimmy 's turn on the camera . dinko hey ! the video-man . I remember that shit when we be in together . Said you video -ed everything . jimmy ( o.c. ) yep . dinko hey man , it 's cool if you guy stay here for a while , but I have a small business to run man . there 's go to be some people knock on the door and shit . I can not have you guy answer the door or the phone . that 's the only rule . other than that man , we be go to get fuck up together all the time . I get a shit load of crank dude , that shit be off the fuck hook . here , take a hit . dinko try to hand off some crank to Jimmy . 71 . jimmy ( o.c. ) no thanks , I just want to film Judy dance . Jimmy pan the camera over towards Judy . she 's do she best sexy dance into the camera . we can still hear dinko talk to Jimmy . dinko ( o.c. ) right man . that 's cool . hey um ... if I tell you to stop taping though , man , you gotta stop . I get some hard core junky come over here . sometimes , if they see shit like that , they fuck flip . crank junky be a whole different kind of breed man . they be fuck hard core mother fucker . you do not know what they be gonna fuck do . this one guy get paranoid about something . he use to climb on he roof to take a dump . that 's the only place he would shit ! how fuck up be that ? dinko laugh at he own joke . judy you be not even pay attention to I Jimmy . Judy take she dance up a notch to get Jimmy 's attention . judy do not I look sexy ? Jimmy do not get a chance to respond . dinko ( o.c. ) yeah , you look real sexy baby . Real nice . dinko start in with Jimmy again . dinko ( o.c. ) hey , I may have some work for you if you be cool with that . Jimmy turn the camera back to dinko while he go to the kitchen to get a beer . 72 . jimmy ( o.c. ) what kind of work ? dinko you know some hustling , some good money . I will teach you how to mix the shit . you girlfriend too if she want . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( sarcasm ) yeah . that 's what I have always want to do . learn to make and sell crystal methamphetamine . you be a fuck genius dinko . dinko be too stupid to recognize sarcasm . dinko ( big smile ) yeah , man ! fuckin ' high five . dinko high five 's Jimmy and laugh again . dinko ( be : Judy ) so be she , like , you girlfriend or be you guy just fuck ? jimmy ( o.c . ) she 's my girlfriend , my best friend , and yes we fuck . and do not ever , ever fuck touch she . that 's my only rule dinko . Judy be frustrated with Jimmy 's lack of attention . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! Jimmy turn the camera to she . she 's start to do she best impression of a stripper dance . dinko it 's all good man . I be not gonna touch you old lady . shit man , she 's so into you anyway . dinko get up and move into the kitchen area , crossing the frame . Jimmy focuss the camera 's attention on various item in the kitchen while dinko talk . 73. there 's rip open small electronics and appliance everywhere , as if dinko 's be take everything apart and try to put it back together . dinko so there 's this dude . fucker teach I everything I know about meth and shit . he would fuck flip for you girl , man . you should go up and see he . he 's in erlanger . jimmy ( o.c. ) uncle rodney ? camera drift across several messy pile of papers and cardboard box with bag of drug in they . dinko ( o.c. ) right , right ! I forget . yeah , uncle rodney ! judy ( o.c . ) you have a uncle rodney baby ? Judy be too stone to realize that Jimmy have already tell she about uncle rodney . Jimmy pull out to include Judy in the shot . she 's in the kitchen do another line of crank off a counter top . judy I want to meet you uncle . jimmy ( o.c. ) he 's not my uncle . he 's not anybody 's uncle . people just call he that . he 's the one I tell you about from the nut house . as Judy bend down to snort she line , camera drift over to dinko who 's hold a huge hillbilly wad of cash in he hand and stuff it into a box of cereal . Jimmy zoom in on the cereal box . there 's a whole bunch more cash in there . jimmy ( o.c. ) I say one day I would take you up to erlanger one day , remember ? judy ( o.c. ) when be that ? dinko throw the cash on the table . Jimmy zoom out catch Judy in the frame . 74 . jimmy ( o.c. ) when we be naked . judy we be always naked , Jimmy . Judy wipe powder from she nose , then go foggy for a split second , lose then catch she balance . judy ( be : crank ) fuck ... woah , that 's cool . dinko ( o.c. ) that 's some good shit , huh ? judy ( disorient ) uh huh ... Jimmy turn the camera onto dinko . dinko so you guy should like , totally go see he , man . I do not fuckin ' go up there no more , ' cuz like , I get all the shit I need right here man , ' cuz my place be cool and all , but there 's no fuck room here , ya know ? so like you should go see he and shit . Judy step into frame . at this point , she 's in she bra and be dance like a stripper directly in front of the camera . judy you like this , Jimmy ? there's a knock at the door . dinko ( o.c. ) ( call out to door ) yo! ( to Jimmy ) customer call . Judy keep on dance in she own little world while dinko go to the door . Judy finish she bottle of beer . she 's pretty drunk and cranke out at this point . 75 . dinko be at the front door deal with a customer . we can not see she and we can barely hear what they be talk about , but it seem dinko be engage in a heat conversation with she . he yell back into the live room from the front door . dinko ( o.c . ) yo , Jimmy . be you girl into chick ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I do not know . ( to Judy ) be you into chick ? judy do you want I to be into chick ? jimmy ( o.c. ) ( call to she ) sure dinko . bring she in . dinko bring in hazel , ( 40 ) , a frightfully thin crank addict . she 's scared , nervous , and completely strung out , and she look like death . they stand off to the side of the room watch Judy dance . Judy realize the woman be in the room and stop dance . Jimmy zoom in on the woman . look closer we see that hazel be in the final stage of she life / addiction . she 's sweat and she eye be bugging out of she skull . dinko turn the music down so they do not have to scream . jimmy ( o.c . ) you know what , never mind dink . I do not think Judy 's into chick . judy yeah , I be not into chick . dinko well hazel here will do anything we want . ai not that right hazel ? hazel nod she head yes . dinko you be into chick be not you hazel ? 76 . hazel um , I really just want to get some stuff and get out of here . hazel be tremble . the party atmosphere have come to a complete halt . dinko shut up you fat fuck junkie and take you clothes off or you be not get shit . hazel 's not move . she 's reluctant . dinko come on ! hazel I do not ... dinko smack she square in the face . dinko ( scream ) just do it , you fuck whore ! hazel start to take she clothes off reluctantly . judy Jimmy . Jimmy do not do anything . he just keep filming . judy Jimmy , stop he ! jimmy ( o.c. ) he 's a big boy , he can do what he want . this give dinko a add boost of confidence . hazel be now in she bra and panty and be stand in front of they . dinko ever make a porno ? jimmy ( o.c. ) not with you . 77 . dinko well all right ! keep filming mother fucker , I be gonna fuck this junkie for you . you guy be free to join in whenever you like . Judy be now borderline hysterical . judy I swear to God Jimmy if you let he go through with this I will never talk to you again ! Jimmy ignore she . dinko you ready ? you filming ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I be filming . be you go to fuck she or be you just gonna talk about it ? judy ( scream ) Jimmy ! dinko unbuckle he belt as fast as he can . hazel begin to cry as dinko push she into position on all four . dinko ( to Jimmy ) how 's this ? you get good camera angle and shit ? jimmy ( o.c. ) turn she ass towards the camera . dinko ( laugh it up ) take off they panty bitch ... oh yeah ! come on bitch . move . Judy be cry profusely in the background as dinko push hazel to the ground . Jimmy zoom in on dinko , frame out hazel as dinko get himself ready to take she from behind . dinko that 's it . just like that . dinko look directly at the lens of the camera . 78 . dinko we be go to be do this shit all the time brother . jimmy ( o.c . ) you think so ? dinko fuck yeah ! dinko see something o.c. from Jimmy , we can not see that surprise he . dinko you do not have to hold a gun to she head man . there 's plenty of other chick we can do that to . if that 's what you be into , then fuck it , I will ... bam !!! dinko take a shot in the throat and fall onto hazel . Jimmy 's shot he . Judy have stop scream . hazel on the other hand be freaking out , trap under a squirming dinko . Jimmy set the camera on top of something , stand up and bring the gun to Judy . jimmy take it ! Judy do not know what to do . Jimmy put the gun in she hand . jimmy finish he off ! he deserve a bullet right in the fuck face , do not he ? Judy 's in a weird cranke out place . judy ( nervous , cranke out ) yeah . yeah . he do . jimmy then do it . Judy point the gun at a still squirming dinko . she can not bring herself to pull the trigger . 79 . we can hear dinko choke on he own blood . he struggle to move towards Judy . Jimmy 's now stand behind Judy . he wrap he hand around hers , help she point the gun and ... bam shoot dinko right between the eye . Jimmy help she again . bam -bam two more shot into he chest , Jimmy 's hand still wrap around Judy 's over the gun . Jimmy let go of she hand and the gun drop to the floor . she 's stunne . Jimmy come towards camera and shut it down . camera on : I /e. road leaving trailer / dinko' car - night a rip roaring fire burn from the trailer . Jimmy be shoot out of the back of the dinko 's car , a beat up old station wagon , as they drive away down the gravel road . jimmy ( o.c. ) good bye dinko , mother fucker . thanks for let we borrow you car , and for the cash . judy ( o.c . ) and for the crank ! Jimmy sit back into he seat and turn the camera on Judy . she 's get a big smile on she face . jimmy ( o.c . ) you feel good baby ? judy I feel calm . I do not care about anything . Jimmy keep filming . judy what be we go to do with the car Jimmy ? 80 . jimmy ( o.c. ) Ditch it . judy the crank ? jimmy ( o.c. ) snort it . give some of it away . judy the cash . jimmy ( o.c. ) vacation baby . anywhere we want to go . Judy smile . she turn and blow a kiss towards the camera , oddly serene from the drug despite everything that 's happen . to she , it 's as if all be right with the world . camera shut down . camera on : int . las vega - wedding chapel - night Jimmy be stand on the altar wait for he bride to be . he be wear a white tuxedo with black tie and ruffle shirt like ricardo montalban from fantasy Island . they be be marry by a elvis impersonator and the witness / groomsman be siegfry and Roy look - a-like . Jimmy wave to the person who be work the camera . the elvis impersonator talk to Jimmy . elvis you know the video 's gonna cost you twenty extra , right ? jimmy yeah . elvis well alright then . let 's get this sum bitch start ! elvis reach down and get a guitar and break into a elvis version of " here come the bride " but to the song " you be not nothing but a hound Dog . " 81 . elvis weeeeeelllll , you be not nothing but a young bride ... walk down the aisle . the elvis impersonator go all out with the dance and the gyrate elvis hip as he jam on he acoustic guitar . Jimmy motion to the camera to turn around . jimmy here she come . elvis ( o.c . ) you be not nothing but a young bride ... walk down the aisle . the camera whip around and we see Judy walk down the aisle . tear of joy run down Judy 's heavily make up face as she walk . elvis well , if you do not marry Jimmy , then you be not no friend of mine . Judy make she way over to she side of the altar next to she bridesmaid ( two cher look - a- like ) . elvis do you ... elvis be look for Judy 's name that 's be scribble on paper . jimmy ( help ) Judy . and here , we write we own vow . he hand elvis a small piece of paper who skim it . he kind of shake he head , smirk at what he read , then decide to go for it . elvis give a quick windmill strum to he guitar and start . elvis do you Judy promise to always swallow , to never cut you hair , or have another man 's penis injected into any part of you body for as long as you both shall live ? the cher bridesmaid giggle . 82. judy I do . elvis do you Jimmy promise to always fuck Judy with enthusiasm , to take a shower once a day , and promise not to inject you penis into any part of another person 's body as long as you both shall live ? jimmy I do . elvis can I get the ring ? siegfry give the ring to Jimmy who place one on Judy 's finger and vice versa . elvis with the power vested in I by the great state of nevada ... I do herby pronounce you husband and wife . you may kiss the bride . Jimmy and Judy grab each other by the ass and begin make out . the freak show audience clap while they be make out . the applaud die down but Jimmy and Judy continue to make out . Jimmy put he hand up she dress as she begin unbuckle he pants . it look like they may start fuck on the alter . elvis jump in to break it up . elvis all right you two . we get a schedule to keep . camera shut down . camera on : int . las vega - las vega motel room - night Jimmy be run through the motel room with the camera . flashes of snort line of crank dust and roll up bill be in the background as Jimmy move through the room . we hear Judy scream with excitement about something on the tv . 83. judy ( o.c. ) hurry up Jimmy , hurry , hurry , hurry , shit Jimmy . you be go to miss it . Jimmy settles camera on the television . begin tv news report on tv , Jimmy and Judy 's high school year book picture be on the screen . int . tv news studio - ( for vega motel tv ) - night a anchorman be mid-sentence , talk about Jimmy and Judy . anchorman ... press conference in a few moment . the suspect 's name be James wright and Judy Elizabeth oak -kellen ... judy ( o.c. ) no it 's not ! I be Judy wright now ! ( sing songy , like a little girl ) I be Judy wright now ! jimmy ( o.c. ) shhhh ... shut up ! anchorman ... from burlington , kentucky be want for question in the alleged murder of a Hamilton County sheriff 's deputy that be kill two night ago while on patrol in the over the rhine section of Cincinnati . on a very serious note , the producer here at kpx - tv 4 would like to warn you that the image we be about to show be violent and graphic in nature and may not be suitable for young child . once again , this be the image that be take from a video camera that be mount on board the patrol car . viewer discretion be advise . Judy gasp involuntarily as ... 84 . int . las vega - las vega motel room - night Jimmy pull the camera from the screen and point it at Judy to get she reaction . her eye be lock on the screen . Judy 's face drop . we , on the other hand , be die to see what she 's look at . Jimmy swish pan back to the tv and zoom in tight . the television fill the frame . ext . ghetto - cop car cam ( for vega motel ) - night ( from sc. 37 , P. 64 ) on screen we see something completely new . it 's a black and white security cam style video image . just as the announcer describe , this be the kind of image that come from a video camera that 's mount on the inside of a cop car . it 's static and cover with date / time text , etc . on tv , we finally get a chance to see what transpire when Jimmy and Judy be pull over . Judy be stand outside the cop car . the moment she see it approach , we see she freak just a bit and get into the car quickly and suspiciously . the cop get up , get out of the car and go over to the driver side to talk to Jimmy . after a few moment , he summon Jimmy out of the car while Judy wait . the cop ask Jimmy to open the trunk . he do not have he gun draw , but he be be cautious , one hand on he gun holster , the other shine on Jimmy 's face with a flashlight . cop ( on tv ) go ahead and open it . Jimmy stand by the trunk of the car , but he 's not really obey the cop 's command . he 's stalling . the cop be get suspicious . we can barely hear what they be say to each other over the noise of traffic that whizze by . there 's a unintelligible exchange , then ... the cop step forward , raise he voice . cop ( on tv ) put you hand on the vehicle . Jimmy 's reluctant . cop ( on tv ) on the vehicle , now ! 85 . the cop and Jimmy be sort of at a standoff . Jimmy finally lean over and put he hand on the trunk . the cop come in close to Jimmy , pull he hand from he gun holster and shifting it to pull he cuff off he belt . at that exact moment , Jimmy make he move , leaping for the cop . he take the cop to the ground and off screen . all we see be a barely decipherable image of Judy freaking out in the passenger seat because she can not see what 's go on and neither can we . about 5 second go by . boom ! a gunshot be fire . it feel like a eternity , then ... Jimmy pop up off the ground . he 's get the cop 's gun ! he hesitates , not know what to do . he pause , hesitant , then shoot down towards the ground , where the cop be lie out of frame . he run around the front of the car and into the driver seat . there 's a moment of hesitation as Jimmy and Judy seem to be scream at each other in the car , then ... Jimmy slam on the gas and the car take off into the distance . the image on the tv cut away and back to the anchorman . int . tv news studio ( for vega motel tv ) - night the anchorman speak to camera as ... int . las vega - las vega motel room - night Jimmy pan up to Judy , hope to record a reaction . she 's lock on the tv , she hand over she mouth , freeze , not know how to react . she turn and look up at he . jimmy ( o.c. ) I do not want we to be apart . 86 . Judy 's start to tear up . she 's emotional , conflict . she can not believe he do that for she , but she 's also just come to the sober realization that he kill a cop in cold blood for she . jimmy ( o.c. ) they know who we be now . ( make light ) actually , we be famous now . Judy kind of half smile . she have not think of it , but she 's still try to digest the image until ... judy that 's the most romantic thing I have ever even hear of . a voice catch Judy 's attention from the tv . it 's a attorney type at a press conference be hold by Jimmy 's parent . attorney ( o.c. ) ( on tv ) ... have a few word and then we will be take question . Judy look back at the tv . judy oh my God , that 's my parent ! and you parent ! Jimmy pan back and we see ... ext . courthouse - podium PRESS conf . ( for veag tv ) - day Jimmy 's Mom and dad with a chiron at the bottom of frame . they're at a podium with Judy 's parent stand stoically in the background . Jimmy 's Mom start read a prepare statement . jimmy mom ( on tv ) we be very shocked about recent event . we son have always be a dear sweet boy who be sometimes confuse , but we want he to know that we love he very , very much and just want this whole thing to be over . jimmy ( o.c. ) bitch . 87 . judy ( o.c. ) shhhh ... Judy 's dad step up to the microphone . despite the truth , he sound genuinely concerned . judy' dad Jimmy if you be out there , we know you be scared , but you be only make it worse . please bring Judy back to we . we really miss she terribly . Jim walk over to the tv and ... int . las vega - las vega motel room - night Jimmy proceed to kick the live fuck out of the tv . it smashes against the wall and fall to the floor . end tv news report camera shut down . camera on : int . bun boy motel room - bathroom - day Jimmy be filming the both of they in the mirror . Judy stand above he with noticeably different hair . she have obviously give herself a homemade dye job , complete with blonde , black and punk pink streak . Judy have a electric clipper and be about to shave Jimmy 's head , who be sit in a chair below she . she 's really get off on this and chuckle as she start to lower the shaver to he head . jimmy wait a second . judy what ? jimmy I just want to look at myself one last time with hair . Judy be smile and can not wait to get start . judy ok , that 's enough . 88. she start in again . jimmy stop . judy what 's the matter ? jimmy I be not sure about this . judy come on . I change mine . jimmy yeah , but you look fuck great . judy this be you idea Jimmy . Jimmy think . jimmy fuck it . let 's do this thing . Judy start the shaver back up and proceed to shave Jimmy 's head . she start right down the middle . Hair fall into Jimmy 's face as Judy slide the buzzer from front to back . Jimmy now have a reverse Mohawk . he laugh at himself along with Judy . jimmy this be the look . Judy then shave the entire top of Jimmy 's head , give he the quintessential male pattern baldness look . he look ridiculous . jimmy ( joke ) let 's just leave it like this . Judy laugh . judy do not be stupid . Judy shave the rest of he head and now Jimmy be completely bald . Jimmy check himself out in the mirror . 89 . jimmy I be one ugly mother fucker . Judy be stroking the top of he head with she hand . judy it feel funny . Jimmy give it a feel for himself . he stick he pinky in the side of he mouth . jimmy I look like Dr. evil . Judy laugh , then kiss the top of Jimmy 's head . jimmy come on . let 's go across the street and get a shit burger . Jimmy shut down the camera . camera on : I /e. bun boy - diner / parking lot / dinko' car - highway - day in a booth at the motel diner , Judy be filming Jimmy while he stuff a burger into he face . judy ( o.c . ) you be such a fuck pig when you eat . Jimmy open he mouth full of food and come towards camera . jimmy aaaaaaaaaahhh ! judy ( o.c. ) Gross . that 's it . I be not take you to the country club , ever ! that do not quite sit right with he , but he cover it up with a mock pout while he chew . judy ( o.c. ) ( mock ) awww ... I be sorry . do I hurt you feeling ? Jimmy will not respond , playful . 90 . judy ( o.c. ) I will take you to the country club . I promise . Jimmy look up smile . jimmy when ? judy ( o.c. ) I do not know . Judy pause . Jimmy keep chew . judy ( o.c. ) thanks for marrying I . you be my prince charming that come and swoop I off I foot . the irony be thick . bald , lanky , 21 year old Jimmy with a mouth full of food look like anything but Prince charm . judy ( o.c . ) and one day , we be gonna have a house and a white picket fence and a baby . tell I what you think we should name the baby . Jimmy stop smile . she really believe that 's go to happen one day . judy ( o.c. ) what 's wrong ? Jimmy do not want to answer . while he think ... something out the window distract he . judy ( o.c. ) what ? jimmy shhhh . shut up . ( grab camera ) give it to I . Jimmy whip the camera around to zoom in on what he 's look through the window . finally , we see ... two Florence County sheriff 's Cars with they light flash be park in the parking lot of the cheap motel . Jimmy zoom in on the cop as they get out of they car . 91 . judy ( o.c. ) what be they do ? jimmy ( o.c. ) shhh . the cop walk up to one of the door to the motel room . jimmy ( o.c. ) shit . four Florence deputy stand outside the motel room door , ready to bust it in and raid the room . judy ( o.c. ) what ? Jimmy speak in hushed tone so that other in the diner will not hear they . jimmy ( o.c . ) they be outside we room . judy ( o.c. ) oh God , Jimmy ! they know where we be . we be go to get catch ! Florence deputy # 1 knock on the door , wait a beat , then bust it down . Three Florence deputy move in with they gun draw . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! jimmy ( o.c. ) ( to self ) let 's go . Jimmy forget to shut the camera down . he hold it by he waist as the two quickly struggle to get the hell out of the diner . follow along with they , camera by Jimmy 's side , mostly point randomly at the floor of the diner or out the window . they head out the door to the ... parking lot action continue , the camera still roll without Jimmy realize it . they run at a fast clip along the parking lot as they head toward ... 92 . dinko' car jimmy ( o.c. ) get in . Jimmy slide into the driver seat and throw the camera onto the dashboard . we see Jimmy behind the wheel as they drive out of the parking lot . he 's in freak - out mode , afraid as hell they be go to be catch by the cop . judy ( o.c. ) they do not see we . jimmy I know . just shut up ! let I think . Jimmy keep drive , he eye darting back and forth between the road , the rear view mirror and Judy . jimmy be they come ? judy ( o.c. ) I do not know . I do not think so . Jimmy look back up into the rear view mirror , still not 100 % satisfied that they be not be chase . judy ( o.c. ) no . I do not think they be come . Jimmy 's still not certain . he look for a while . then he sigh . it seem that he know they be not come . jimmy ( relief ) oh , fuck . ( to Judy ) that be close . Jimmy drive for a bit , then notice that the camera be on and point at he . he reach forward and ... camera shut down . camera on : I /e. parking area by river after bun boy escape / dinko' car - day Jimmy film Judy , who be sleep in the front seat of the car . 93. Jimmy gently wake she . jimmy ( o.c. ) hey baby , wake up baby . time to get up little fuck nugget . Judy open she eye . the first thing she see be Jimmy filming she . Judy smile like a infant who see she daddy for the first time after a night 's sleep . Judy , very childlike , open she arm for Jimmy to hug she . Jimmy lean over , camera in hand , and give she a hug . the camera shake and go out of focus as he 's hugging she . jimmy ( o.c. ) good morning Mrs. wright . and how be we feel this afternoon ? Judy look around and be a bit disorient . judy where be we ? jimmy ( o.c . ) it 's a surprise . come on . I want you to drive we in . I want to film you when we get there . judy ( big smile ) okay . camera shut down . camera on : I /e. rodney's wunderland - backroad entry / parking area / dinko' car - day Judy drive up a gravel road as Jimmy film . they travel through the back road in Northern kentucky . it 's nothing but wood outside the window . judy what be I gonna see ? Jimmy do not answer . judy I hate it when you do that . tell I ! 94 . jimmy ( o.c. ) nope . keep look . Judy drive some more . the camera be bounce as they drive across dirt road . Judy try to maintain she composure , but she can not contain herself . judy how much further ! aaa ! jimmy ( o.c. ) shhh . just drive . Judy bite she lip and drive . slowly , she come around a bend as they arrive at ... uncle rodney's wunderland / parking area Judy 's eye go wide . judy oh my God . be that it ? Jimmy do not say anything . he just keep the camera train on Judy . by the look on she face , what she 's see look pretty cool . judy be this where you friend life ? Jimmy point the camera through the front windshield . now we see what Judy be see ... about thirty trailer , all along the water 's edge . it look like a commune for run-away teenager with crank addiction and budd / wannabe drug dealer . the kid be throw a combination party , barbecue , and drug festival . jimmy ( o.c. ) this be where we live . judy we do ? jimmy ( o.c. ) maybe . if you want to . for a little while . Judy do not respond . she just drive . her eye be start to well up a little bit . she 's get emotional . 95 . judy this be sooo amazing . it 's like a dream . Judy 's on cloud nine . the place have exceed she expectation . Judy keep drive as we see young people , all more or less the same age as Jimmy and Judy . some live in trailer , some in tent . they watch as Jimmy and Judy drive in . clearly new face be of interest to they . jimmy ( o.c. ) go over here . out the window , they approach another trailer . clearly this trailer be more important than the other . outside , a dorky look douche bag type , buddy ( 20' ) talk to some of the younger people in intense language . they all look over to see Jimmy and Judy approach . jimmy ( o.c. ) stop here . you can hear the excitement in Jimmy 's voice as Judy stop the car . jimmy ( o.c. ) take it . Jimmy hand off the camera to Judy , who retrain it on the buddy and the wunderland teenager he talk to . Jimmy get out of dinko 's car and head up to he while Judy film . we do not hear the conversation between Jimmy and buddy man , but clearly he 's happy to see Jimmy . buddy give Jimmy a big hug like he be a miss relative or a old friend . it 's all smile between the two of they . Jimmy come run back over to the car . judy ( o.c . ) be that uncle rodney ? jimmy no , that 's buddy . he say rodney 's be expect we . we be , like , celebrity or something Judy . judy ( o.c. ) really ? 96 . jimmy yeah ! he want to meet you . judy wow . camera shake as Judy start out of the car . camera shut down . camera on : ext . rodney's wunderland - outside rodney's trailer - day buddy be stand outside of a piece of shit trailer . he 's the douche bag type that we see from a distance give Jimmy a hug in the previous scene . he 's surprisingly charismatic and gracious and do he best to make Jimmy and Judy feel at home . Jimmy film as buddy give they a walk tour of the group of trailer by the river . Judy 's with they as well . buddy we get like thirty five trailer here . Long as we have get some that 's empty you can stay in one . sometimes people come in and we get get you a tent or -- fuck , everybody 's friendly --- you can always find a bed to crash in . Jimmy 's pan around the landscape . people be watch they walk with buddy . it 's almost as if they have get some kind of celebrity status because they be with he . buddy it do not look like much but we do some pretty good party around here . ya will be welcome to stay as long as ya like . fuck it , you can stay forever . there 's only two rule . do not mess around with the lab which be down back there ... Jimmy 's pan again , but buddy grab hold of the lens . buddy woah ... no filming that shit . seriously . that 's part of rule number one . ( more ) 97 . buddy ( cont would ) do not even go near there with the camera , and two be no cop , but fuck , see what kinda shit you guy get into , I do not think we gotta worry about you call them up for a visit . buddy laugh at he own joke . buddy other than that , ya will can do whatever the hell you want , whenever the hell you want . you wanna do some of the stash at the party , that 's cool too . we would like it if you do it , normally we would say you gotta sell some too , but rodney say y'all 's be a special case ' cuz you be not leave ' till the heat 's off for sure , that could be month or ... shit , year for you guy . but no one up here 's in a fuck hurry . Jimmy pan around capture the natural beauty and picturesque scenery of the camp . buddy look at you . Little bitch from the nut house , and you get yourself one sweet look bride ! I still can not get over the tit on this girl . ( to Judy ) come here sweetheart . Jimmy pan back and catch a image of buddy as he grab Judy and put he arm around she . buddy we be gonna have a party for y'all tonight . you know that ? we have party damn near every night , but this one 's gonna be special just for you guy . ( to Judy ) you like that sweety ? buddy 's squeezing Judy just a bit too tight . judy sure buddy . 98 . buddy ( to Jimmy ) Nice piece of ass you get here . best you keep a eye on it so it do not wander off on ya . they have arrive at a trailer . buddy we be here ! Jimmy pan back up at the trailer that 's go to be theirs . from the outside , it 's a disaster , peel paint and crack window . buddy get in front of the camera , reach for it . buddy shit ! y'all 's on you honeymoon . ai not gonna film it yourselves . buddy pull the camera from Jimmy 's hand and point it at Jimmy and Judy . Judy wave . Jimmy look a bit uncomfortable though he try not to show it . buddy ( o.c. ) that 's nice . shaky amateur camera style as buddy zoom in on Judy 's chest , close Jimmy out of frame . jimmy ( o.c. ) let 's go inside . Judy turn . buddy ( o.c. ) ( shouting ) hold on ! hold on ! camera shut down . camera on : int . rodney's wunderland - jimmy &amp ; judy' trailer - day buddy film from the inside they completely destroy trailer . Jimmy stand at the entrance with Judy in he arm , about to carry she over the threshold . they be wait for buddy 's cue . buddy ( o.c . ) and , three , two , one ... now ! 99 . Jimmy walk in through the doorway with Judy in he arm . buddy be exuberant . he hum the bridal march , badly , as they come in . buddy ( o.c. ) all right ! look at the happy couple come into they new home . ( wedding march ) Da , da , da , dum ... buddy look down at the camera , right into the lens . buddy how do you turn this thing off ? after a beat , camera go off . ext . rodney's wunderland - party and barbecue - sally spot - day Jimmy be filming sally , a very sexy and very stone 18 year old girl wear sunglass and cowboy hat . she speak with a heavy southern accent . sally just give you love to uncle rodney and you will get it back ten time . do not be afraid to love he and you will learn to love yourself in return . he will teach you the cycle , how we be all connect . if you give yourself freely and completely to he , you will have nothing to worry about . that 's what I do . camera shut down . camera on : ext . rodney's wunderland - party and barbecue - sam' spot - day Jimmy be filming random teens at a barbecue . Jimmy be interview SAM , a long greasy haire , nineteen year old wear a heavy metal T-shirt . we see people party and hang out in the background . SAM be drink beer from a can , smoking a cigarette , and look like he have not shower for a couple of day . he 's happy to be Jimmy 's video subject . 100 . SAM ya will be go to love it here man . see this ? Sam motion behind he at the people party . SAM this shit go on every day . I be here for six month man and I love it . thank God my parent kick I out ... all you get do be listen to uncle rodney and you will have the best fuck time of you life . oh , yeah . ( big dopey grin ) and do not fuck with he , ' cuz he will kick you ass ! Sam laugh at he own dumb joke . Jimmy shut off the camera . camera on : ext . rodney's wunderland - doe run creek - day Jimmy film a naked Judy swim in the river the reflection of the water obscure she body . she 's free , cleanse , relaxed , enjoy the sun , and have the time of she life . she suddenly notice the camera . judy Jimmy , come swim . the water 's warm . jimmy ( o.c . ) be it ? Judy smile , then slip she head under the water , come back up with a smile . she look up at he . judy come on . jimmy ( o.c. ) later . I just want to look at you now . judy why ? Jimmy think . she smile a oh so sweet smile . 101 . jimmy ( o.c. ) because you look happy , happier than you have look in a long time . Judy smile even wider . she float towards camera while Jimmy zoom in on she smile face . as she come closer ... she splashes towards the camera , try to get Jimmy wet . camera shake as Jimmy hop up to avoid be splash . jimmy ( o.c. ) hey ! Judy laugh . camera go off . camera on : int . rodney's wunderland - jimmy &amp ; judy' trailer - night faint moonlight come into the trailer from outside . Jimmy be filming Judy as she 's just get into bed . she see the camera 's on . judy hey again . jimmy ( o.c . ) so you like it here ? Judy smile again . then ... judy how long will they let we stay ? jimmy ( o.c . ) it 's up to uncle rodney . Judy smile at the think of rodney . judy what 's he like ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I never meet he . he 's suppose to be cool , though ... and weird . weird as hell . judy well if he 's weird , he 's great weird , whatever he be . ( more ) 102 . judy ( cont would ) if we could stay here forever , like buddy say , I would not need anything else . Judy 's look right over the lens into Jimmy 's eye . then ... judy the cop will not come will they ? jimmy ( o.c. ) buddy say rodney 's cousin 's the sheriff or something . do you want to meet he ? judy ( surprised ) the sheriff ? jimmy ( o.c. ) no! rodney . judy ( light up ) can I ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I be gonna see he tomorrow . buddy say he want to talk to I . maybe he want to talk to you too . judy he do ? jimmy ( o.c. ) I do not know . buddy say he think you be pretty . judy oh my God ! Judy put she hand over she mouth . she can not believe it . jimmy ( o.c. ) I tell you you be . you be the prettiest girl in the world . Judy 's on such a cloud nine high , she 's almost in tear . she wrap she arm around he and squeal with delight , push the camera into a awkward position as she smother he with kiss , then squeeze he tight , like she 's go to squeeze the life out of he . she whisper in he ear . 103 . judy ( whisper ) I love you Jimmy . jimmy I too . camera off . camera on : ext . rodney's wunderland - outside rodney's trailer - day head to toe shot on Jimmy . buddy , we will find out in a second , be behind the camera . Jimmy look at a trailer off screen . he 's excited , a little off center and a little nervous . buddy try to film Jimmy as he 's walk towards rodney 's trailer . buddy ( o.c. ) you nervous ? jimmy ( lie ) no . buddy ( o.c. ) I would be . jimmy he 's suppose to be cool . buddy ( o.c. ) he 's more than cool man . God , you really do not have a clue do you ? Jimmy stop for a second . jimmy um ... Judy want to meet he . I do not know if I can ask . buddy ( o.c. ) shit man . do not have to . she 's one of he girl , man . she will meet he . Jimmy stop in he track and look at buddy . jimmy what the fuck do that mean ? 104 . buddy ( o.c. ) relax dude ... just like you be one of he boy . shit man , I will give you two week and you will want she to experience he . you may even want to , too . Jimmy look at buddy , not quite sure what to do with any of it . buddy sense the tension . buddy ( o.c. ) just go see he . here , take you camera . buddy extend the camera , lens forward . we can see Jimmy 's puzzle look . buddy ( o.c . ) he want you to film he , man . with the camera . he will tell you when to turn it on , then you video . Jimmy 's puzzle , but he reach forward and take the camera , shutting it down . camera on : int . rodney's wunderland - uncle rodney's trailer - day image of uncle rodney ( 50 ) go in and out of focus as he sit on the side of a king size bed . scar and tatoos litter he arm and neck . his eye be bit maniacal like Charles Manson , but he 's able to maintain a stoic , but nonetheless dangerous demeanor as Jimmy begin set up the camera . like a prison inmate or rabid dog , you get the feel that uncle rodney could explode on you at any second . Jimmy move the camera around the room so we briefly see the interior of the trailer . it 's a elaborate triple combination of a middle eastern harem , sixty psychedelic motif , and white trash / junk - yard memorabilia . just out of frame we hear a female voice cry softly , whimper . the voice be close , in the room with we , but we can not see who 's make the sound . uncle rodney ignore it completely . camera shake , indicate that Jimmy be exceptionally nervous . 105 . jimmy ( o.c. ) just one second . uncle rodney take you time man . I want you to feel comfortable . more importantly , I want you to get this right . finally , the camera stop shaking . Jimmy zoom out to a medium shot revealing that uncle rodney have hazel lie next to he on the bed with she head on he lap . uncle rodney gently stroke she hair like he 's petting a dog . hazel , in the midst of extreme withdrawals , cry and whimper like a child , oblivious to Jimmy , the camera , and everything else in the world except for uncle rodney . she be so strung out and she craving be so intense that she can barely speak . jimmy ( o.c. ) I be ready whenever you be . uncle rodney look down upon hazel . uncle rodney just a second . I have to take care of my baby . uncle rodney admire he work . uncle rodney she 's beautiful be not she ? hazel ( begging , plead ) please ... hazel , entrench in a crystal methamphetamine psychotic episode , can only gasp in unintelligible spurt . uncle rodney some people come here too far go . like hazel here . the only thing I can do for she be ease she pain . hazel roll she body back and forth on the bed , all the while keep she head in uncle rodney 's lap . hazel please ... 106 . uncle rodney ( to hazel ) shhhhh ... how about a baby one ? uncle rodney 's tenderness in deal with hazel calm she . he 's have way too much fun treat she like a baby . hazel yes . uncle rodney take he pinky and dip it into a small plastic bag of powder . he then place it to hazel 's nostril . she quickly snort the tiny bit off he finger . uncle rodney ( to hazel ) there you go ... hazel begin whimper again . it be not nearly enough to satisfy she . uncle rodney there 's something about addiction that bring out something beautiful in a person . addiction be pure . addiction reduce a person to a infant . and there 's nothing more pure and beautiful in the world than a infant . he put he finger to hazel 's nostril again , but this time , without any meth on the tip . she snort with all of she might then start cry . uncle rodney be toy with she . uncle rodney hazel be no longer a adult . she 's a infant and I be the surrogate mother who provide she with much need breast milk . it 's a role that both of we have accept and embrace . he lean over and grab a syringe , already fill , then gently hold hazel 's arm and expertly inject the liquid into she vein . nothing happen for several second . hazel 's breathe accelerate . suddenly she sit up , she eye go wide . hazel clinch the bed as if she be riding a roller coaster . 107 . uncle rodney ( proudly ) that 's my girl ! then , she make eye contact with Jimmy . a curious , frighten look come over she face . clearly , she recognize he . she suddenly jump from the bed and run out of the room . uncle rodney she 's a little jumpy . uncle rodney smile , amusing himself with he own joke . uncle rodney let 's begin shall we ? and please ... I be go to use this tape for my fan , so let 's try to get this right . jimmy ( o.c. ) ok . uncle rodney I apologize if any of this frighten you or make you uncomfortable . jimmy ( o.c. ) I will be fine . uncle rodney no . you will not be fine . what I be go to teach you will be frightening . the truth be a acquire taste but once you get to it , it 's all you will ever want . uncle rodney start in on he mantra . it 's obvious that he 's well verse in he meander rant . uncle rodney that kid out there ... we , the so call " undesirable " - you and I , we know the truth . you know that society do not want you , you parent do not want you , corporate America sure as fuck do not want you ... you would not be here otherwise . ( more ) 108 . uncle rodney ( cont would ) if this government have a choice , they would gas we all in a heartbeat , exterminate we like the Jews , enslave we like nigger , cuz do not kid yourself , we be the new nigger in this country . no one respects we ... no one see what we have to offer ... no one have compassion for we .... they do not care , or they be too naive to see that we be a by-product of a wasteful society that have fail to educate , embrace , influence , or inspire any of we . we be societal garbage . the counter culture no longer exist . it 's dead ... it 's be replace by we -- Long pause . uncle rodney the garbage culture ... throw aside , imprison , institutionalized , systematically abuse , execute , and enlist into war start by government ass - fucker just to kill we off . just to kill US off . and every week one of you show up here , disillusion , addict , angry , piss ' cuz they toss you aside ... into the garbage . every time someone like you show up here the garbage culture get a little bit stronger and they get a little bit weaker . until the " they " and the " they " of this country run out of place to put we , to put its garbage , and the garbage over -flow into they city from out of the confines of the space that they have set aside for we . a pause , then ... uncle rodney ( biblical ) and we will set FIRE to they world ! and we will burn it , until a live hell reign over what be they former world , and we will fornicate in they ash ! rodney stop , almost out of breath . 109 . uncle rodney that 's what 's here for you . that 's what 's here ... rodney settles himself down and take a few deep breath as Jimmy begin zoom out . uncle rodney light a cigarette to calm himself . Jimmy keep filming , not know whether rodney be finish or just take a break . camera shut down . camera on : ext . rodney's wunderland - FIRE pit - night someone ( buddy ) be filming a raging party consist of a lot of strung out young white trash junky just like the one Jimmy be interview before . it 's certainly a weird bunch . they all look alike , dress similar , and have the same type of crystal methamphetamine induce facial expression . most of they be smoking weed and drink forty ounce beer while dance around a campfire and play the bongo drum . they all seem to be have more fun than anyone should be allow . camera pan to Jimmy , so we realize that he 's not filming . we best guess would be that it 's buddy who 's filming . Jimmy scream at the camera over the noise of the bongo drum . jimmy where 's Judy ? buddy 's hand come into frame as he point by the fire pit . we now see Jimmy see Judy . she dance fervently drink a forty surround by ton of other drunk , happily intoxicate teenager . say what you might about the attendee to the event , this party be a fucking rager and Judy be happy to be the center of everyone 's attention . everyone dance faster and faster as the rhythm of drum beat faster and become more intense . it 's a all out jam session . Jimmy head to the center of the circle of people dance around Judy . camera follow he with a zoom as he do . jump CUT 110 . who know how much later . Minutes or hour , the party rage forward . the camera spin around . the party have reach a new level of drunken absurdity . most of that who be dance be drunk , stone or both . in the background , while it 's too dark and hectic see anything explicit , some of the teenager be engage in a variety of sexual activity . some have threesome . some be probably have oral sex . still other dance around they in the foreground . camera zoom in on uncle rodney . stand just behind he , we see of flash of someone recognizable . it 's a skinny woman , she look vaguely familiar , but it 's hard to get a fix with all the craziness go on . she turn she head to look over at rodney . now we can clearly see that this person be ... hazel - with she eye wide and clearly in the height of roll on crank . and she 's say something to uncle rodney that 's definitely pissing he off . body wipe the frame . jump CUT moment later . camera catch Judy who have not miss a step along the way to be a high , drunken mess . the rhythm of the drum beat be ever present . uncle rodney come up behind she and wrap he arm around she shoulder , say something to she , but we can not hear it over the noise . Jimmy approach and they start talk . Jimmy do not notice , but there be about four or five of the kid , especially a couple of rodney 's bigger guy stand not too far behind uncle rodney watch the conversation intensely . it 's really difficult to put you finger on it exactly , but something do not seem right here . uncle rodney let go of Judy and put he arm around Jimmy . with the noise of the drum and the fact that we be zoom in from a distance , we can not hear anything they be say . 111 . now uncle rodney and Jimmy be have a conversation as they move towards the camera . though Jimmy can not see it , we can see that rodney 's bigger guy , the one that be stand behind uncle rodney be now push Judy along behind Jimmy and rodney . though uncle rodney seem to be have a very light and friendly conversation with Jimmy , we continue to get the feel that something ominous be afoot . finally , they approach camera and we can hear they . uncle rodney I be so glad you guy come down here . we never would have guess you would come and see we . jimmy you have be awesome . Judy love it here . uncle rodney 's get Jimmy in a incredibly friendly one armed side hug . uncle rodney I know she would . by the way . rodney 's face drop . uncle rodney I know what you do to dinko . this hit Jimmy like a lead weight . before he can react at all , and before he realize that anything be happen , Jimmy be suddenly throw into a headlock by uncle rodney . off camera , something similar be happen to Judy . judy ( o.c. ) ( scream ) what the fuck be you do ?! Jimmy , Jimmy ! Judy scream he name over and over . judy Jimmy ! Jimmy ! buddy ( o.c. ) ( laugh ) shut it , bitch ! smack ! Judy 's be hit by buddy off screen . 112 . camera shut down . camera on : ext . rodney's wunderland - dark wood - night we hear intense struggle and laughter . by the sound we hear , we gather that Jimmy and Judy be be drag off into the wood against they will by buddy and rodney 's bigger guy , but it 's too dark to tell if that be what in fact be happen . someone unidentified be run the show and operate the camera . it 's impossible to see , but it 's definitely buddy 's voice . buddy ( o.c. ) here , here , here . right here . Judy be scream and cry . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ? two or three guy , it 's too dark to tell , start laugh . judy ( o.c. ) ( scream ) please somebody help we ! Jimmy grunt , try to break free . jimmy Judy ! rodney's big guy # 1 ( o.c . ) shut up , asshole ! you wanna fuck talk ! munch . somewhere in the darkness Jimmy 's be kick in the gut . the camera hit the ground . it land right in front of Jimmy . we can still barely see what 's go on , but we be close enough and there 's enough flash of light from flashlight to see that Jimmy be face down and bloody . jimmy ( defiant ) fuck you ! 113. Jimmy get kick again just once . then suddenly , a barrage of kick come at Jimmy one after the other after the other . leave and grass and dirt and fly foot shoot at Jimmy 's face as he be kick and beat repeatedly . the process go on for about thirty excruciate second . we can not tell how much damage have be sustained , but Jimmy 's not move . he 's either unconscious or dead . with one last kick , the camera be knock aside and we do not see Jimmy 's face anymore . rodney's big guy # 1 ( o.c . ) be he fuck dead ? judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! Jimmy say something ! they mock she in a high pitch wining voice . buddy ( o.c. ) ( mock ) Jimmy . Jimmy say something . rodney's big guy # 2 ( o.c. ) get she clothes off . judy ( o.c. ) ( scream ) noooooo ! noooooo ! Judy scream at the top of she lung over and over again as we hear they tear at she clothes . then they pick she up and start pull she away from camera . her scream get quieter and quieter ... fainter and fainter . judy ( o.c. ) ( extremely faint ) Jimmy ! finally there 's silence . the camera be not move . it 's on the ground and in the dark . camera shut down . camera on : ext . rodney's wunderland - parking area - dinko' car - night it 's completely pitch black dark . we can see nothing . we can only hear the sound of Jimmy fumble around and breathe heavily and nervously . 114 . begin nite shot suddenly , we see everything , albeit in a weird black and white grainy fashion . Jimmy 's flip the camera into nite shot , use the fuzzy black and white mode as a tool to see in the complete darkness . he 's strapped the camera to he wrist . the image be Jimmy 's Pov as he search through he trunk for something . pull aside a duffle bag , we see the 9 mm pistol that Jimmy steal from the cop . he grab it as camera shut down . camera on : I /e. rodney's wunderland - FIRE pit / outside rodney's traier / inside rodneys trailer / parking area / dinko' car - night by the fire pit , the site where the teenage drunken of orgy take place , the bonfire have be put out and there be dozen of drunken / pass out teenager lie on the ground in sleep bag and in tent . Jimmy begin look for Judy with he night vision camera . he see a girl lie on the ground in a sleep bag with she back turn to the camera . her hair be identical to Judy 's , but we can not see she face . Jimmy quietly step over pass out teenager , be extremely careful not to awaken anyone . Jimmy accidently kick a forty ounce beer bottle that cause a loud clanking sound of glass on glass . Jimmy stop in he track in anticipation of someone waking up . no one do . Jimmy continue to walk towards the girl who look like judy . kneel directly in front of she , Jimmy put he hand on she shoulder and pull the girl 's front region towards the camera . the girl flip over . it 's not Judy . and luckily , the girl be so severely intoxicate that she do not wake up . Jimmy now make he way over to a tent . he quietly unzip the mesh entrance and extend he arm out to video tape the inside . turn out , the person in the tent be just another pass out flunky loser . Jimmy quickly take he arm out of the tent . 115 . Jimmy give it one last go and continue to look for Judy among the sea of pass out body lie on the ground . no luck . Jimmy 's not too far from uncle rodney 's trailer . he decide to make he way up . he walk , use he nite shot to see , through the sea of body until he get up to the entrance ... outside rodney's trailer there 's a crack glass door lean up against the woodpile by the entrance . Jimmy step around it , turn the lens at the glass . he briefly catch he reflection . he look like hell warm over , freshly bruise and cut from the recent beat . move forward , Jimmy make it to the front door of uncle rodney 's trailer . we hear music come from inside . very slowly and very carefully , Jimmy crack the front door . inside rodney's trailer it 's even darker inside of the trailer , but Jimmy press forward in spite of that fact , still use he nite shot to see . a boom box sit by the bed , still on , play music . Jimmy be scared shitless . in the corner of the room , in a make shift bunk , be uncle rodney sleep with he arm wrap around a girl in a spoon position . there 's no doubt this time . it 's definitely judy ! they be both sound asleep and actually look very cozy lie together . Jimmy slowly walk over towards they . each step be slower and slower , be extra careful not to wake they . once Jimmy be within arm 's length of the two of they he stop . he hesitates for a moment . he have not prepare himself for this particular situation and do not know exactly what to do . he continue filming they until he finally muster the courage to extend he non- filming arm out to tap Judy on the face . Judy remain unconscious / sleep as Jimmy gently tap the side of she cheek . Jimmy slowly begin tapping harder and harder until the tap evolve into a poke . still nothing . 116 . thwack ! a arm come out of nowhere and grab Jimmy 's poke hand . Jimmy have wake up uncle rodney ! the camera shake out of control . uncle rodney scream at the top of he lung : uncle rodney who the fuck ...! intense and furious wrestle ensue as uncle rodney fly out of frame then , in a split second : bam ! a gunshot go off . we hear a uncle rodney collapse , follow by more gun shot . the camera have fall from Jimmy 's hand and dangle by the wrist strap . camera come to rest on ... uncle rodney's bloody face Jimmy 's shot and kill he . outside , footstep hit the deck . buddy open the door of the trailer . buddy hey ! bam , bam , bam ! Three more round be fire , hit buddy square in the chest , knock he down . Jimmy point the camera at a dead buddy on he back then whip pan it back to Judy in the bed . finally we hear Jimmy speak . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy , Judy , wake up . Fucking wake up ! outside we hear voice of some of rodney 's other teens . Jimmy act fast . Judy have be drugge and be mostly unconscious and groggy , but Jimmy pick she up and get she on she foot , shoulder she out the door . shot continue to ... outside rodney's trailer we hear faint voice ... 117 . rodney's big guy # 3 ( faint ) hey ! hey ! a distant gunshot fire , but we can not see what be go on . it 's too dark and the camera be too shaky as they go to ... parking area another distant shot , then Jimmy gasp in pain . he 's be shot , but decide to run , try to carry a groggy Judy anyway . they car be in sight as we hear gun go off and bullet whizzing by they . one hit dinko 's car . Jimmy open the door , then place the pass out Judy and the camera in the passenger seat , climb over she , throw the camera into Judy 's lap . we see he scramble to get the key in the ignition as we hear a bullet hit the driver 's door . the car start , and Jimmy throw it into gear , flooring the gas as he speed away . jimmy Judy ? Judy ? nothing . jimmy Judy wake up . Jimmy 's voice begin to crack as he talk to / try to wake up Judy . jimmy ( o.c . ) be you all right baby ? please wake up Judy . Judy ? we do not know if Judy be dead or alive . Jimmy swerve to avoid something in the road send the camera to the floor as camera shut down . camera on : int . road to border motel - cheap motel room - day Close on Judy . the afternoon light strike a shadow across she face . her hair 's a mess . no makeup . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy , sweetie . come on honey . I see you waking up . 118. Judy 's eye flutter . jimmy ( o.c. ) there ya go . Judy open she eye . she smile when she see Jimmy behind the lens . judy hi , baby . jimmy ( o.c. ) you okay ? judy be I with you ? jimmy ( o.c. ) you be with I . she smile wider . judy then I be okay . camera shut down . camera on : I /e. highway to border / dinko' car - night Judy 's get the camera train on herself . she talk like a child . judy mexicooooooh .... Judy point the camera up at Jimmy . this be the first time we have see he at all since he be beat up by uncle rodney 's group . he 's a wreck . his face be puffy . his lip be cut up . his eye be swollen . he look like a flyweight boxer who just go fifteen round with a heavyweight . he drive with one arm because the other one be in a bandage . judy ( o.c. ) hey baby . Jimmy look like a beat man , both physically and emotionally . his bad ass attitude and rebellious charisma be seemingly non-existent . 119 . for the first time , we be see Jimmy without he armor . he look like any other 21 year old kid who be down , vulnerable , and confuse . not to mention the fact that he have a fuck bullet lodge in he shoulder . judy ( o.c. ) baby ? jimmy come on . not the camera . judy ( o.c. ) nooooo . it remind I of when we first meet . just you , I , and the camera . God , do you remember how you use to freak I out ? jimmy yeah , that be the good old day . how much money do we have ? judy ( o.c. ) I do not know , why ? jimmy how do you feel about Canada ? it 's closer . judy ( o.c . ) be we go together ? Jimmy look over at she . jimmy I think I should take you home . Judy do not answer . jimmy I could write you a letter . or I could make a video say I make you do everything . they would believe you . you could tell they it be all my fault . you could tell they I be go to Mexico and I would really go to Canada . Jimmy swallow . jimmy we swore on the bond we would never be apart ... but ... ( more ) 120 . jimmy ( cont would ) I will let you out of it ... if you want to be out of it , I will let you out . judy ( o.c . ) you be never leave I , and I be never leave you . that 's all there be to it . jimmy okay . Judy lean in and kiss he . jimmy owww . Judy come back into the passenger seat and just film he . she like look at he through the lens . judy ( o.c . ) you be so handsome , you know that ? Jimmy smile as best he can with he face all mess up . then he eye get droopy and close . he 's not respond . he 's as punch drunk as you can get . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ? Jimmy 's obviously in a concussion induce daze . the car start to drift . Judy drop the camera on the seat as we hear she leap forward to take control of the car . judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy ! jimmy ( o.c. ) ( snap to ) what ? judy ( o.c. ) Jimmy , stop the car . you be too fuck up to drive . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( groggy ) huh ? oh ... okay . camera shut down . camera on : 121. I /e. highway final -scene / dinko' car - day Judy drive . there be not much talk go on . judy you want to ask I something ? jimmy ( o.c . ) do you love I ? judy you know I do . jimmy ( o.c. ) I do . the car drive . Judy just cruise along , music play on the radio . Jimmy ( o.c. ) look in the mirror but keep the camera train on she . jimmy ( o.c . ) you know I love you , right ? judy yup . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ? judy yes ? jimmy ( o.c. ) we be fuck . judy what do you mean ? jimmy ( o.c. ) look in the rearview mirror . Judy look up immediately . her face drop . Jimmy flip the camera around out the back window . there 's a Ohio State trooper with its light flash tailing they . a lone trooper be on he radio . jimmy ( o.c. ) that 's it baby . we be do . Judy do not answer . she 's short circuite . 122. jimmy ( o.c. ) just pull over . it 's not worth it . Judy hold still for a second , not say a word . the cop car chirp its siren . Judy look up . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy , what be you do ? you know this be ... judy do not do this . Judy look up into the rearview mirror . her eye be welling up . she look out the front windshield . Jimmy sense that she see something . he flip the camera around through the front only to see a row of cop car block the highway up ahead . he flip the camera back at she . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ? judy ( freak ) shut up ! Judy look straight ahead , determination on she face . she will not answer . then ... she turn the wheel hard to the right , almost carry Jimmy into she , and take the car onto a side road . jimmy ( o.c. ) I love you . judy I love you too . Judy be on she own mission . jimmy ( o.c . ) it 's over . judy ( soft ) no . 123. jimmy ( o.c . ) it be . judy no . the car stop short . Jimmy turn the camera to point out the windshield . they be stick . the road have come to a dead end . jimmy ( o.c . ) it 's a dead end . Judy ignore Jimmy . she throw the car into reverse and try to turn it around and head back the way she come . a faint sound of a helicopter fade up slowly from the background . jimmy ( o.c . ) do you hear that ? Judy do not respond . she 's determine . judy ( lie ) no . jimmy ( o.c. ) come on , it 's over . I will do what I say before . I will tell they I make you do it . it will be okay . judy no . I want we to be together . jimmy ( o.c. ) ( scream ) well we fuck can not , so pull the fuck over ! judy yes we can . I will not give you up . I will not let you go . no way . Jimmy pan the camera out the front windshield . in the distance , we catch sight of a road block that 's be set up at the end of the dirt trail . they be screw . there 's nowhere to go . jimmy ( o.c. ) come on . Judy do not answer . 124 . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ? she still do not answer . then the car thrust itself forward . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ! stop it . Judy 's get a look of determination in she eye . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy , what be you do ? Judy do not respond . o.c. , she 's murmure something to herself that Jimmy can not hear or understand while she have the throttle to the floor as they barrel toward the roadblock . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ! Judy keep go . Jimmy flip the back camera towards she . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ! stop ! Judy 's murmur grow louder . jimmy ( o.c. ) Judy ! Jimmy brace himself as the car continue toward the roadblock . suddenly , Judy 's murmur get loud enough or we to hear . judy ( murmur ) we will be together . we will be together . we will be together . we will be together ... they head straight in between two car that form the roadblock . cop jump out of the way as the car hit head on into ... the roadblock Impact send the camera fly against the windshield , cracking it . 125 . sound of metal twist and glass shatter be all encompass as the camera shake in a violent frenzy ! camera settles on Judy 's face , bloody , unconscious against the steering wheel , she neck snap , eye open in a death stare . camera stay focuss on Judy for the longest time as she lean against the steering wheel . Music play on the radio . it 's johnny cash 's cover of Tom petty 's " I will not back down " . overhead shot of a news helicopter fly above the final scene . look down from above , we see what the helicopter see : a scene of about twelve State trooper car , light flash , with Jimmy and Judy 's car wreck . ambulance be there . Jimmy and Judy 's lifeless body be pull from they car as johnny Cash 's song shift from background to score . the helicopter continue its circular pattern as the song continue and we ... fade to black .