JOHN wick written by derek kolstad fade in : ext . the countryside - establishing - early day super : ardmore , pennsylvania a verdant landscape of roll hill , lush countryside , and ambient peace . ext . the wick home - establishing - early day a small , quaint , two - bedroom farmhouse : a classic . nearby , a small barn - its paint chip , wood wear - sit nestle within the set . the homestead feel slightly abandon , the facade -especially the roof - in dire need of a overhaul . int . the wick home - the master bedroom - continuous the hour hand of a old , electric clock shift slightly , mark six a.m . a soft alarm sound . beneath the blanket , a body shift , a weathered hand reach out to silence the antique . a beat ... a sigh ... a groan ... and JOHN wick - early sixty , salt - and - pepper hair , three - day beard , former boxer , former military , tired , beat down , and at wit 's end - sit up , stare unblinkingly out at the day . a beat ... and he stand , don a weathered robe and a pair of slipper . John stuff he hand into he pocket ... int . the wick home - the hallway - continuous ... and shuffles down the corridor , the wall overflow with family picture , each badly in need of dusting . they catalogue a long and healthy life with he wife , Norma ; the picture present a time line of sort . no child , yet sheer , unadulterate happiness . int . the wick home - the live room - continuous as John make he way through he home , we can see that it be cluttere and unorganized . dirty , in fact , as if it have not be clean in month . 2 . ext . the wick home - continuous John open the door , retrieve the newspaper , close , and lock the door behind he , without give the outside so much as a glance . int . the wick home - the kitchen - continuous John unceremoniously toss the newspaper onto the table , open a cupboard , and measure out a couple of tablespoon of folger coffee into a old percolator . as it begin to bubble , John open the fridge , study its content for a moment or two , and then close it , abandon the think of breakfast . he pour himself a cup of coffee and sit at the table . the newspaper be ignore . he drink in silence for a long , dark , brood moment , the loneliness almost unsettle . suddenly , the phone on the wall ring . John lower he cup , stare at the device , he eye tired . a beat ... and he stand , walk slowly to answer it . JOHN this be John . as he listen to the voice on the other end , John remain still ... stoic . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) ok . John hang up the phone and return to the table , sink slowly down into he chair . a long beat ... ...and John begin to weep , he hand tremble as he lower he face in excruciate , utter , and complete sorrow . fade to : ext . the barn - establishing - day have shave and shower , wear a old - but well - fitte - gray suit , John push open the garage door ... ...to reveal a legend in dire need of a total overhaul : a black , 1969 ford mustang ` boss 429 ' . 3. a smile play at he lip as John walk into the garage , run a hand along the chassis , desperately in need of a wash and wax . behind he , the wall be line with tool : a mechanic 's dream enclave . JOHN enter - int . JOHN be car - continuous - and close the door behind he . John take a moment to breath it in : he love this car ... although he have not take very good care of it as of late . a beat ... and he slip the key into the ignition , twist it , the motor cough to life , the exhaust pipe belching black smoke . ext . the wick home - continuous the vehicle pull out of the garage , stall briefly , come back to life , putter on down the road . ext . the hospital - establishing - day a soft rain begin to fall . int . the hospital - a hallway - continuous carry a humble bouquet of yellow daisy , John slowly make he way down the eerily empty corridor . he pause before a picture on the wall , glance at he reflection upon the glass . he take a deep breath , exhales , and enter a room . int . the hospital - a room - continuous John slowly approach the figure lie in bed : surround by machinery , accompany by the soft sound of technology . he remove the wilted daisy from the vase , toss they in the trash , and replace they with fresh one . he pull over a chair , reach out , and take Norma 's hand : she be comatose , she breathe synthetic ... so many machine ... so many wire , tube , and monitor . we never see she face : just she silhouette . he hold she hand for a long moment in heavy silence . 4. behind he , the doctor - of a similar age to John - enter , place a hand on John 's shoulder . John lower he head , and nod . with a bit of effort , he stand , stare down at she for a long moment , never once release he grip , and lean over to kiss she on the forehead . JOHN ... it have to be you ... ( a long beat , then ) ...be seein ' ya ' ... a beat ... and John nod . the doctor turn off the machine ; light dim , the room settles into silence , and Norma 's body grow still . the Doctor leave John to be alone with he wife . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) be seein ' you . fade to : ext . the barn - day John pull into the building ... ... and sit behind the wheel for a long moment ... ...his eye unblink ... ... so very alone ... int . the wick home - the hallway - day John stand before the wall of picture , statuesque as he study they ... unmove ... and then , he snap ; he hand gnarled into first , roaring with rage as he punch the picture , rip they from the wall , toss they aside , eventually collapse into a heap , out of breath , he knuckle bleed . a long beat ... and he chuckle softly , pull himself to he foot . 5 . int . the wick home - the basement - day unlike the rest of the house , this space be pristine and organize : one half designate as a impressive wood shop , the other a office space with a lazy boy recliner and tube television . John sit at he desk with a pencil in hand , a pad of paper before he , think . a long beat ... and he sigh with a smile , place the pencil upon the pad before slide they both aside . John unscrew the cap off the bottle of scotch and pour himself a healthy dose . he open he desk drawer , reach into the back , and find a old pack of cigarettes , half -empty . he tap one from , place it between he lip , and light it , take a deep pull . he hold it , and exhales , he body relax . he finish he drink along with the cigarette , pour himself another ... ... and then open a bottle of pill ( the label read norma wick and oxycontin ) , pour they into a small mound upon the desk . he stare at they for a long moment ... ... before select one , study it , sighing and - a knock at the front door . John freeze , not sure as to how best to proceed . a beat ... and someone knock a second time . John sigh , drop the pill back onto the mound , and walk upstairs . ext . the wick home - day a delivery woman wait for he on the doorstep . John open the door . delivery woman John wick ? JOHN yes ? she hand he a clipboard and a pen . 6 . delivery woman sign here , please . in a daze , John sign the clipboard and hand it back to she . delivery woman ( cont 'd ) and the pen ? JOHN oh. sorry . John hand she the pen . delivery woman here you go ! the Delivery woman hand he a card and a plastic case by the handle which he take without look . delivery woman ( cont 'd ) have a good day . John nod , and - as she take off - head back inside . int . the wick home - the live room - continuous John close the door behind he ... ... and be startle by a small bark . a beat ... and he look down to find that he be actually hold a small pet carrier . he lift it to look inside : the face of a young , tri-color ( black , white , and brown ) , chorgi ( half - corgi , half - Chihuahua ) look out at he , she tail wag fiercely . she bark again , and John lower it , confuse . int . the wick home - the kitchen - day holding the envelope in he hand , John sit across from the carrier which he have set upon the table . Inside , the chorgi lie with paw cross , study he , tilting she head from side to side . a beat ... and John open the letter . the card inside be simple ; white with a single daisy draw upon it . John smile , instantly know who it be from , run a thumb along the face of the flower . he hesitates , but open the card . 7. norma ( v.o . ) dear , John . if you have receive this , then I have not survive the surgery . ( a beat , then ) I be so , so sorry . tear begin to well in John 's eye . norma ( v.o . ) but you have still get a life ahead of you , and I intend for you to live it . you may think you have hide thing from I , but you have not . I know you . and should this reach you in time - which I pray it have - I beg you , I implore you , to stop . to think . to live . ( a beat , then ) I love you , John . with all my heart . we year be good . the best , in fact . but I would rather see you later ... than sooner ... you best friend ... Norma . John lower the letter , wipe the tear from he cheek , and stare at the puppy ... chuckle . JOHN well play , Norma . John reach across , and flick open the pet carrier . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( mutter ) well play . the chorgi scramble out of the cage and study he ; sniff , lick , and bark . JOHN ( cont 'd ) so ... you gotta ' name ? John check the collar to find a daisy - shape medallion which read - JOHN ( cont 'd ) moose . ( a beat , then ) seriously ? as if in reply , moose bark . 8. JOHN ( cont 'd ) all right , then ... ( smile ) ... moose , it be . fade to : ext . the wick home - establishing - early day super : three year later the homestead have be completely overhaul with a new roof on the house , the barn have be paint , the yard attend to ... a picturesque scene worthy of a postcard . int . the wick home - the master bedroom - continuous the alarm sound , follow by silence when a heavy hand drop down upon the snooze button . thump . thump . thump . silence . thump . thump . thump . silence . thump . thump . thump . a beat ... and John sigh , pull back the cover , and kick out he leg , sit on the edge of the bed , rub he eye . thump . thump . thump . John glance over at moose who lie on the bed , she paw cross , hold tilt , and tail excitedly wag in note of three . JOHN ( growls ) I be up , I be up . thump . thump . thump . begin montage - John fries up a couple of piece of bacon and add they to he plate of scramble egg and toast . 9 . he kneel down next to moose 's bowl and pour some of the bacon grease over the kibble . as John take he seat at the table to enjoy he coffee , breakfast , and newspaper , moose devour she meal . - with he car tilt up by jack stand , John lay upon a creeper cart beneath it , change the oil as - nearby - moose lie in the sun , fast asleep . the vehicle be pristine : fully restore and lovingly detailed . finish up , John slide out from beneath the vehicle , and wipe the grease from he hand with a shop towel . JOHN ( cont 'd ) that oughta ' do it . ( to moose ) wanna ' try it out ? thump . thump . thump . - at a abandon airfield , the mustang roar down the open stretch of landing strip as moose stand at the open window , tongue wag in the air . John be in he element : calm , cool , and collect behind the wheel of he car ... almost as if it be a natural extension of himself . he deftly shift gear , reach speed in excess of 120 mile per hour before hit a long patch of gravel , shifting , spin the wheel , and skid - while remain in full control - as the wheel skim over the earth . moose bark . John smile , reach over to scratch she on the back . JOHN ( cont 'd ) good girl , moose . good girl . - at a small park , John sit at a picnic table , eat a sandwich as he work he way through a small book of crossword puzzle . a cup of hot coffee rest nearby as beneath the table , moose gnaw on a tough piece of rawhide . - at a gas station , moose bark at pass biker as John fill the tank . iosef tarasov - mid-twenty , thin , oile hair , sunglass , hipster , douche-bag - park he vintage BMW next to the Ford and as he gass up , motion . iosef Nice ride . JOHN thanks . iosef how much ? 10 . JOHN it be not for sale , kid . iosef smirk with a shake of he head . iosef ( in Russian , subtitle ) everything 's get a fuck price . JOHN ( in Russian , subtitle ) maybe so ... but I do not . taken aback by John 's fluency , he watch as John enter the vehicle , gun the engine , and drive off . - John doze on the couch as - between he leg - moose snore softly . - as John wash he car , moose chase after bird before - exhaust - lay upon she back in the sun , stretch as she gnaw upon she favorite stuff animal . - with a glass of scotch rest on the end table beside he , John sit in he weathered la-z-boy recliner with he read glass on , a book before he , and moose curl up , asleep in he lap . a beat ... and John close he book , finish he scotch - JOHN ( cont 'd ) come on , then . - and stand , with moose leaping to the floor , lead the way back upstairs . - moose lay on the foot of the bed , tail wag . John smile , scratch she belly . JOHN ( cont 'd ) good night , moose . John climb beneath the cover , sigh , and slip off to sleep as do moose . end montage fade to black : fade in : 11 . int . the wick home - the master bedroom - later John awake to hear moose growl with tail thumping , sit before the close door . JOHN do you need to go out ? John groan as he roll out of bed . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( mutter ) so could I , it would seem ... John open the door . moose bark , and sprint off into the darkness . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's get into y- we hear a thump and a yelp . JOHN ( cont 'd ) moose ! John run into - int . the wick home - the live room - continuous - and freeze at the sight of two masked men ... ...a half - second before a third man step into frame and drive the butt of he shotgun against the side of John 's head . he drop to the floor , hard . john' Pov : across the room , the silhouette of moose 's body face he , she breathe labor . voice # 1 ( o.c . ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) you find the key ? one of the mask man , limp by , drag he foot slightly , a old injury or birth defect . voice # 2 ( o.c . ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) yeah . he keep `em in a bowl like my old man . Voice # 1 chuckle enjoy this as he suck on a fresh mint . 12 . voice # 1 ( o.c . ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) then shit ... let the fuckin ' babushka fade away and let 's get the fuck outta ' here . one of the man kneel down next to John , pull back he mask to reveal he mouth which grin upon he with white lacquer tooth : it be iosef . iosef I be glad you do not wanna ' sell , old man . ( chuckle ) I enjoy this . iosef cold cock John as we - smashcut to : darkness . silence . ...a long beat , then ... ...thump ... ... long beat , then ... ...thump ... ...a long beat , then ... fade to : int . the wick home - the live room - continuous a small tail rise slowly , and land with a soft " thump " . John stir with a groan , and open he eye ... ...to find moose 's nose touch he cheek . he suddenly sit up , remember . JOHN ... moose ... moose take a shallow breath ... ...thump ... 13 . John begin to unravel , hand tremble . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) moose ... he touch moose 's side , and she whimper . John recoil ... ... and see the trail of blood from where she be first injure ... ... have pull she break body over to he side . John lie down beside moose , and softly ... tenderly ... cradle she head in he hand , rub she cheek with he thumb . moose relax , lick he thumb , sigh one last time ... ... and grow still . John pull himself up into a sit position , cradle moose 's still body ... ... and begin to cry ... ... rock back and forth . fade to : ext . the wick home - establishing - early day int . the wick home - the live room - continuous John remain sit on the floor with moose in he arm . a long beat ... and he stand ; a old , weary , and defeat soul . int . the wick home - the basement - continuous John flick on the light and walk down the stair , gently place moose 's body upon he work bench . he search a shelf and find a large box which he unfold ... ... place moose 's body within . a beat ... 14 . ...and John reach down to retrieve moose 's stuff animal from the floor , place it down beside she . with a tender - careful - touch , John remove moose 's collar , place it - almost with reverence - upon a nail in the wall . John stare down at he dog for a long moment ... ... before close the box . ext . the wick home - the back yard - early day John dig a small grave ... ... place the box , stare at it for a long moment ... ... and then fill the hole . int . the wick home - the live room - early day on he hand and knee , John brushes the blood from the floor . int . the wick home - the bathroom - early day John take a long , hot shower . he spray a bit of shave foam into he hand , unfold he ceramic razor , stare at it for a long moment ... ... and begin to shave . as he do so , the stress leave he shoulder , he eye unblink , he movement precise . with every flick of he wrist , John seem to change slightly : he feature harden , relaxed , and yet wound tight int . the wick home - the master bedroom - early day John get dress , but the outfit be slightly different than we be use to see : dark , tailore pants , crisp white shirt , italian shoe , and a black , leather jacket . the look suit he although it be a tad bit unsettle , make for a intimidating veneer . 15 . int . the wick home - the kitchen - early day John sip coffee - no breakfast - alone at the table , stare at the wall . like clockwork , he lift he mug , sip , lower it , wait patiently , lift , sip , lower ... ... there be no micro-emotion , but it be anyone 's guess what be take place in he mind . int . the wick home - the hallway - early day John lean heavy against the wall , stare at the picture . we now notice that among the image of John and Norma ... ... be also picture of John and moose . John lower he head with a sigh , massage he brow , lose in think . when he raise he face ... ... the change which have wash over he ... ... be complete . fade to : ext . a country road - establishing - day a bus roar on by . int . a bus - continuous John sit alone in the middle of the bus ... ... stare straight ahead ... ... unblink . fade to : ext . a cityscape - establishing - day ext . aurelio' automotive - establishing - day 16 . int . aurelio' automotive - continuous a 24 / 7 chop shop , this facility be populate by dozen of harden criminal , but have become the only family anyone know . this be a tight knit , loyal , and talented crew . a number of vehicle be be repair , dismantle , paint , and the like : a non-stop flurry of activity . walk the floor , aurelio - late sixty , hard eye , soft smile , the father figure of this little family - banter with he crew before pause to help lower a new engine into a car . ext . the STREET - day John 's mustang roar down the street , tire claw at the earth as it round a tight corner . int . the mustang - continuous perched behind the wheel , iosef smile as , in the passenger 's seat ... ... viktor - mid-twenty , short , stout , a pronounce limp , well - dress , gawdy jewelry , terrible glass - and , in the back seat ... ... kirill - early thirty , enormous , muscular , meathead - cheer he on . ext . aurelio' automotive - continuous the mustang pull into the lot , and enter - int . aurelio' automotive - continuous - pull into a empty space . a pair of older mechanic notice the car , share a emotionless - yet know - look , set down they tool , and calmly leave the building . iosef , viktor , and kirill pour out of the vehicle , laugh . iosef ( in Russian , subtitle ) shit , dude ! ( more ) 17 . iosef ( cont 'd ) I 'ma gonna ' keep this muthafucker ! ( to a mechanic ) hey , where 's aurelio at ? iosef see aurelio walk towards he , he gaze lock onto the mustang , recognize it . aurelio where would you get that ? iosef I got my way , yo ! now , it 's hot as shit , so I wanna paint job , papers , fuckin- aurelio ( interrupting ) I say , where ... do you get that ? iosef ( shrug ) some old fuck . aurelio ( a beat , then ) I know this car . iosef what the fuck be you sayin ' ? aurelio open the driver 's side door , reach up behind the visor , and pull out the registration card which read JOHN wick . aurelio ( in italian , subtitle ) fuck ... I . aurelio quickly replace the card . iosef what ? aurelio out. now . iosef what the fuck be you talk about ? by now , everyone in the facility have stop work , watch the drama unfold . 18 . aurelio I be talkin ' about you takin ' this fuckin ' car and gettin' the fuck outta ' my shop . iosef do you lose you shit , aurelio ? we own you . you do what we say . aurelio the fuck you do . tell I ... aurelio motion towards the car . aurelio ( cont 'd ) ...did you kill he ? iosef no . ( laugh ) but I sure as hell fuck up he dog . aurelio 's eye grow wide ... know . surprise even himself , aurelio rear back and deliver a powerful blow to the center of iosef 's face , shatter he nose . stun , iosef reel and drop to a knee , cradling he face , blood seeping between he finger . in a knee jerk reaction , kirill pull he gun . the atmosphere immediately grow tense , the air still , as - throughout the building - aurelio 's mechanic each reach for a hide weapon : knife , machete , gun , and the like . aurelio glare - unblink - at kirill as he walk towards he . aurelio you pull a gun ? on I ? in my house ? aurelio press he forehead against kirill 's outstretch gun . aurelio ( cont 'd ) flick off the safety . kirill smirk , and flick off the safety . 19 . aurelio ( cont 'd ) pull back the hammer . kirill blink , falter in this game of brinkmanship . aurelio ( cont 'd ) now , either shoot I ... ( shout , angry ) ... or fuck off ! silence ... ... as viktor lower kirill 's arm and we can see he be relieved that viktor intervene . viktor the old man be not gonna ' like this . aurelio maybe not . but he will understand . viktor and kirill help a still daze iosef to he foot . iosef ( mutter ) ... the fuck jus ' happen ...? fade to : ext . a STREET - day the bus pull away from the curb ... ...and John cross the street , make a b-line for aurelio 's automotive . int . aurelio' automotive - continuous John enter the building which be silent : everyone be go . John carefully make he way through the floor , round a shelving array to find aurelio -a cigarette dangle from between he lip - sit at a fold card table , he hand fold in front of he , a bottle of campari and two glass rest nearby . aurelio hello , John . JOHN hello , aurelio . 20 . silence . aurelio flip over the glass and pour two drink . JOHN ( cont 'd ) have you see my car ? John take a glass and slam back the drink , swallow in a single gulp . aurelio I have , but it 's not here . JOHN where be it ? aurelio if I turn down the work , the Russians turn to takeshi and he crew . you will find they down on third and Main . JOHN thank you . John turn to leave , but hesitates . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( a long beat , then ) aurelio ... aurelio yes , John ? JOHN ... they kill my dog . aurelio I know , John . I know ... but " they " ... ( hesitate , then ) ... " they " be extremely dangerous people . John nod and walk from the room . JOHN ( mutter ) be not " they " always ... a long beat , and aurelio sigh , relax as he pour himself another drink . fade to : 21 . ext . a cityscape - establishing - day ext . takeshi's automotive - establishing - day a old , quiet , and clean building lose amongst dozen of other in a die industrial park . ext . takeshi's automotive - continuous a bus pull up the curb , pause for a beat , and then roll off ... ... leave behind John who walk across the street , he expression blank . his gait be steady , he shoulder relaxed , hand limp at he side , breath steady . the two guard at the door glance up as he approach , stand as they shift into character . guard # 1 what be you - without slow , John reach into the man 's jacket , slip free the pistol from the shoulder holster therein and - thump ! thump ! - fire - twice - into the man 's heart , before turn - thump ! - to fire once into the other guard 's face , never slow , kick open the door - int . takeshi's automotive - continuous - to enter the facility , shoot anything that move . he be the angel of death : each target receive two well - place bullet to ensure incapacitation . he never slow , never miss , and will not stop . the primarily japanese crew be in a panic with most flee - a number of whom be shot in the back - while that choose to shoot back be cut down in a blink . once emptied , John drop he pistol , kneel , sweep up a fall gun up , level , fire , always move , and - as he pass by a lift - slap a button , slowly lowering he mustang down to the floor behind he . 22 . John be a force of nature as he clear out the building . unstoppable . ext . takeshi be automotive - the rear lot - continuous a couple of mechanic escape the building , the last of which be shot in the back ; drop to he knee as a bullet slam into the back of he head . running with all of he might , mechanic # 1 scream into he phone . mechanic # 1 ( in japanese , subtitle ) I don't know who the fuck he be ! he just showed up and start shoot ! behind he , John appear in the doorway , aim ... ... and decide otherwise , lowering the pistol . int . takeshi's automotive - continuous John open the door to the mustang , toss the pistol onto the passenger 's seat - int . the mustang - continuous - and slip behind the wheel . a slight smile play upon he lip as he sigh ; a part of he have be return . he turn the key , revs the engine , slam he foot down on the gas - ext . takeshi's automotive - continuous - and crash through the garage door of the building , tire squealing as the mustang pull a one - eighty , righting itself before - ext . a service road - continuous - leaping out onto the street , furiously gain momentum , as a trio of heavily - modify nissan skyline appear and take chase . 23 . int . the mustang - continuous John glance into the rearview mirror , take the pistol in he leave hand , shift , and spin the wheel - ext . a service road - continuous - turn to face the oncoming vehicle . int . the mustang - continuous John shift again , and crush the gas pedal underfoot - ext . a service road - continuous - rear wheel smoking as they struggle to grip the road . once they do , however , the mustang leap forward , bear down on the skyline . as the distance between they grow smaller , the passenger of two of the skyline emerge with semi-automatic weapon ... ... but before either of they can fire ... ... John fire off four shot , kill they each with a pair of bullet ... ... before fire until empty ... ... kill two driver , and one passenger ... ... leave one driver barrel towards he , cover in he passenger 's blood , eye wide with horror ... ... as the two other car crash behind he . as the two vehicle barrel towards one another ... ... John be stoic ... ... while the remain driver be scream . at the last moment , the driver violently twist the steering wheel - - barely avoid the mustang - - but lose control of the vehicle , send it toppling end over end , cart - wheeling amidst a cloud of debris , before landing upside down - 24 . - the gas tank have rupture , fuel gurgle out of the tank to pool around the crush rooftop . int . a nissan skyline - continuous the driver hang from he seat , he belt keep he in place , stunne and bleed from the forehead . a beat ... ... follow by the sound of footstep . as the driver shift in he seat , a zippo lighter fall out of he pocket , landing on the ceiling . John kneel down beside he . JOHN ( in japanese , subtitle ) where can I find iosef tarasov ? driver ( in japanese , subtitle ) I do not know . a beat ... and John reach inside to retrieve the lighter . he flip it open , and ignites a flame . driver ( cont 'd ) ( in japanese , subtitle ) do not ! please ! iosef ! his father ! he own a club in Manhattan ! the Red Circle ! the Red Circle ! a beat ... and John close the lighter and toss it back into the vehicle . JOHN ( in japanese , subtitle ) thanks . a long beat ... and the driver sigh . driver ( in japanese , subtitle ) fuck . ext . a service road - continuous as John walk back towards he vehicle , we can hear the sound of cop car approach ... 25 . ... as a police chopper soar past overhead . John do not look up as he quickly remove the front and rear license plate - both affix with quick release clasp - toss they into the back seat , and - int . the mustang - continuous - slip behind the wheel . he twist , the key , revs the engine , and bolt forward as behind he - ext . a service road - continuous -a pair of police car round the corner - - and overhead , the helicopter bank , its sight set on the mustang . begin intercut between interior and exterior of the vehicle John lead the cop further and further into the city ... ... with traffic grow heavier with every block ... ... and yet John maintain he speed - - drive down narrow service alley with reckless abandon - - and go against traffic , steering with a apt hand . eventually , John create enough mayhem to tie up the police on the ground - - leave the helicopter overhead . on a long stretch of road , John reach the vehicle 's top speed , reach down , flip open a hide compartment , and press a button for - - he nitrous oxide system - - which cause the engine to scream , roaring down the road at a incredible speed - - distance himself from the helicopter to eventually hide in a abandon warehouse . he park ... ... and walk across the street to the local diner ... 26 . ... as overhead , the police chopper search in vain . end intercut fade to : ext . aurelio' automotive - establishing - night int . aurelio' automotive - continuous the floor be empty , the building quiet . int . aurelio' automotive - the MAIN office - continuous sitting at he desk , aurelio -a cigarette dangle from between he lip - work on a model car , carefully glue piece together . the bottle of campari rest nearby . Music play softly from a radio nearby . the phone ring . aurelio take a deep breath , exhales , and answer it . aurelio this be aurelio . viggo ( o.s. ) I hear you have strike my son . aurelio ( deep breath , sigh ) yes , sir . I do . viggo ( o.s. ) might I ask why ? aurelio because he steal John wick 's car . silence . viggo ( a long beat , then ) oh. aurelio and viggo ? viggo yes ? 27 . aurelio you son kill he dog . viggo ( a long beat , then ) good evening , aurelio . click - the line go dead . aurelio refill he drink ... and chuckle with a shake of he head . fade to : ext . a townhouse - establishing - day super : manhattan , new york a resplendent home in one of the city 's wealthiest neighborhood . a trio of military - grade sedan - heavily armored , tinted / bulletproof glass , intimidating - pull up to the curb . the first and third empty as the keen eye of ten gunman scour the street , building , and rooftop . a beat ... and one of they slap a hand on the middle sedan 's roof . preceded - and proceed - by a gunman , iosef emerge ; belligerently naive and yet ... scared . int . a townhouse - the library - continuous lighting himself a cigarette , viggo tarasov - 60 , face scar by a hard life , one eye dead , hair perfectly coif , expensive suit , a slight limp , rely on a cane - fill a tumbler with ice . he select a fresh bottle of jewel of russian classic vodka and twist off the cap , hesitate . decide otherwise , viggo dump out the ice , pour himself a double shot , and slam it back ... ... before refilling the glass with ice and pour himself a healthy dose . iosef enter - viggo ( in Russian , subtitle ) Close the door . 28 . - and close the door behind he , tilting he chin towards he father with a smirk . iosef poor I a double , aye ? viggo ( sigh ) aye . in a surprising blur of motion , viggo spin - - and drive a fist into iosef 's stomach with enough force to lift he - momentarily - from the ground . with the wind knock out of he , iosef drop to he knee , open he mouth to say something , but instead vomit , gag as he gasp for breath . viggo casually return to the bar , grab a towel , and toss it down onto he son . viggo ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) clean that up . again , iosef open he mouth to say something , but decide otherwise . he grab the towel and clean up he mess . viggo take he drink and walk to the window , he cigarette smolder from the corner of he lip . viggo ( cont 'd ) you should know by now that I live by one simple rule ... ( in Russian , subtitle ) should a whelp snap at you finger , you crush it 's fuck skull . iosef pull himself to he foot , and stumble to the bar , pour himself a drink . iosef ( hushed , pain ) what would I do ? viggo ( in Russian , subtitle ) you fuck up . iosef I do not know what y- 29 . viggo backhand he , the sound more painful than the strike . viggo yes . you do . iosef ( hesitate , then ) so I steal a fuck car ! so fuck what ? viggo smile - amused - finish he drink ... ... and drive a fist into iosef 's stomach again , drop he once more to he knee , tear roll down he cheek as he vomit up he own drink . viggo use that tone with I again ... viggo kneel down next to iosef , grab he hair , pull back he head , produce a switchblade , flick open the blade and place it to the flesh directly beneath he son 's right eye . viggo ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) ... and I will serve you eye to you in you martini . tremble , iosef choke back tear . viggo ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) be I understand ? iosef ( gulp , then ) yes ... father . a beat ... and viggo remove the blade from iosef 's cheek and stand , fold the switchblade close as he stand to pour himself another drink . viggo it be not the " what you do " , iosef , which draw my ire , but " who you do it to " . iosef what ? ( a beat , then ) the old man ? 30 . viggo careful , son ... that old man happen to be three year young than i. iosef lower he eye , he breath catch in the back of he throat . viggo ( cont 'd ) his name be John wick ... ( smirk at the memory ) ... and when he be fifteen , he lie he way into the marine and head off to Vietnam . he specialize in force - orient reconnaissance , meaning he often cross over into enemy territory to both collect information and - should the opportunity present itself - fuck with the enemy in whatever way that he see fit . ext . the wick home - establishing - continuous int . the wick home - the basement - continuous wearing a undershirt and pants , sweat profusely , John wield a sledgehammer which he swing down onto the floor time and time again , crack the concrete foundation . viggo ( v.o . ) John earn four hundred and seventeen confirm kill over the course of he five tour . the majority of that be do by hand , by blade , and by small caliber ... which be unheard of . int . a townhouse - the library - continuous viggo take a long pull off of he drink as the information sink into iosef , the blood drain from he face . viggo it get to he , though . Hell ... how could it not ? even though he win every military distinction on record , include the Medal of honor - 31 . int . the wick home - the basement - continuous John have reveal a old trap door in the floor - viggo ( v.o . ) - John be eventually discharge - with high honors , of course - and find himself in the city ... - which he swing open , revealing a ladder . viggo ( v.o. ) ...lookin ' for work . John grab a flashlight and head down . int . a townhouse - the library - continuous viggo lower he empty glass as iosef refill he glass with a tremble hand . iosef ( hesitate , then ) what kind of work ? viggo ( growls ) what kind do you think ? iosef ( a beat , then ) oh. int . the wick home - the sub - basement - continuous John shine the light down a thin corridor stack high with a variety of box , military container , and briefcase . viggo ( v.o. ) John be the goddamn boogeyman ; give he a name , request a method , and he would get it do . come hell or high water , by God ... he would get it do . int . a townhouse - the library - continuous viggo lean against the fireplace , suddenly tired . 32 . viggo then one day , he fall in love and leave the game . the year scroll past , age set in , and he - like myself - have to watch the love of he life die . suddenly alone , with no family to speak of , John deserve to live - and die - in peace . ( growls ) instead ... int . the wick home - the sub - basement - continuous John select a black case , unclasp it , and swing it open - viggo ( v.o. ) ( growls ) you go and kill he fuck dog . - to reveal a number of pistol , silencer , and ammunition . int . a townhouse - the library - continuous iosef drop down into a chair , the comprehension of he action clear . viggo until I say otherwise , you be under house arrest . be I understand ? iosef ( mutter ) yes , sir . viggo turn to leave , chuckle softly to himself . viggo John wick. good God ... he pause at the door , glance back at he son with a crooked smile . viggo ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) sweet dream . ext . the wick home - establishing - night 33. int . the wick home - the kitchen - continuous John sit at the kitchen table , have clean and assemble one pistol , now oiling a second . his hand be steady , he skill impressive . we slowly move past he , over the counter , to the door whose handle softly turn . we pull back as it open - - four men in black mask , each armed with a silence pistol enter , fan out - - and yet John be nowhere to be see ... ... and two silence pistol be miss from the table . ext . the wick home - continuous a cop car pull up in front of the barn . int . a cop car - continuous behind the wheel , carlo - late twenty , a bit dim , but nice enough - kill the engine . carlo let 's see here ... Carlo check the dashboard computer . carlo ( cont 'd ) ...a black , 1969 Ford mustang register to one John wick . Age ... ( deflate ) ...61 . chuckle edwardo - 58 , near retirement , large , heavy , smarter than he look - take a sip of coffee from he paper cup before unbuckle he belt . edwardo yeah , I be thinkin ' he 's the one . roberto should we even bother ? edwardo open he door ... edwardo protocol 's protocol . stay put . I will make this quick . 34 . ... and exit . int . the wick home - the live room - continuous the four mask man enter the live room , each wound tight , they silence weapon at the ready . the lead among they enter the hallway - - and be shot twice ; once in the chest , and once in the head . as he go down , John move past , kill two other , leave the remain gunman - int . the wick home - the kitchen - continuous - cower in the kitchen , lean against the wall . int . the wick home - the live room - continuous JOHN aim - - the kitchen light casting the gunman 's shadow - - and fire twice into the wall - int . the wick home - the kitchen - continuous - hit the gunman in the back and the head , drop he to the floor . int . the wick home - the live room - continuous a knock at the door . John lower the pistol , walk to the door , and peer through the keyhole to see edwardo stand on he porch . a beat ... and John slip the pistol in the back of he pants , unlock , and open the door . a awkward pause , then - edwardo evenin ' , John . JOHN evenin ' , ed. edwardo you workin ' again ? 35 . John follow he gaze ... ...to see that a dead gunman be in edwardo 's direct line of sight . JOHN no ... just sorting out a few thing with the Russian mob . edwardo ah. well , then ... sort that out however you see fit . I will cover you ass on my side of the fence as best I can . JOHN thanks , Ed ... but you still owe I . edwardo that , I do . ( a beat , then ) good night , John . JOHN good night , ed. edwardo turn , take a few step , hesitates , and turn back . edwardo earlier today , there be a incident involve a ` 69 mustang - JOHN yeah , that be I . edwardo oh. well , then ... I would recommend you find yourself a new ride for the time be . the heat on that make be not gonna ' die down for quite some time . edwardo leave . John close and lock the door behind he . int . a cop car - night edwardo slip into he seat , close the door behind he . roberto well ? 36 . edwardo ( sigh ) he be not we fuckin ' guy . ( motion ) who 's next on the list ? int . the barn - night John pull a large roll of plastic sheet down from the rafter , balance it on he shoulder with a grunt . he grab a roll of duct tape as he exit . int . the wick home - the live room - night John drop the plastic sheet down upon the floor , and roll it out . stand over one of the gunman , he reach down , retrieve the man 's pistol , and slip it into the holster at the man' side . John then kneel beside he and push the body onto the plastic , roll he up tight . use he ceramic straight razor , the plastic be cut off from the roll . wrapping the foot , arm , and head tight with duct tape , John repeat this process with each body ... int . the wick home - the kitchen - later ... until they be neatly line up near the back door . John take the phone off the wall , think for a long moment , and dial a number . a long beat , then ... JOHN this be wick . John wick , that 's right . yeah , it have be awhile . ( a beat , then ) I would like to make a reservation for four . John glance at the body . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ten o'clock ? perfect . thanks . John hang up . 37 . int . the wick home - the sub - basement - night John casually open one of a half - dozen , identical , silver case stack among the other . Inside be hundred of american LIBERTY gold bullion coin . John count out six of they , and close the case . int . the wick home - the live room - night John mop up the blood ... ... and spackle the bullet hole in he wall . we hear a knock at the back door . John wipe he hand against he pants , and - int . the wick home - the kitchen - continuous - open the door . removing he hat , charlie - 70 , small , creepy , thin , frail , eye gentle , a tattooe smirk upon he lip - extend he hand with a smile . charlie good to see you , John . John shake he hand . JOHN you , too , Charlie . Charlie enter , follow by two goons - forty , tall , muscular , emotionless - who offer John little more than a nod before they begin carry the body out of the house . charlie I be sorry to hear about Norma . JOHN thanks . charlie she be always kind to I . ( a beat , then amused ) so , what have you be do to pass the time ? 38 . JOHN I get I a hobby or two . charlie I can see that . ( hesitating ) tell I , John ... be we back in the game , now ? JOHN sorry , Charlie , but no . I be on my own nowadays . charlie ( sigh ) that be a pity . I find the new breed of you ilk unstable , ill - wringht , and tiresome . the overuse adage hold true : they do not make `em like they use to , John . JOHN ( smile ) no , they do not . goon # 1 we be a go , boss . charlie excellent . John hand Charlie the six gold coin which he graciously accept with a slight tilt of the head . JOHN thanks . charlie my pleasure , John ... and might I be expect more such visitation ? JOHN I make no promise on that . charlie ( chuckle ) well say . Charlie extend he hand . John shake it . charlie ( cont 'd ) be seein ' you , John . 39 . JOHN see ya ' , Charlie . John close the door . fade to : ext . a townhouse - establishing - early day int . a townhouse - the kitchen - continuous cut vegetable with a large knife , viggo slide they onto the face of a open omelette simmer in the pan . as he fold the egg over onto itself , he phone ring . he answer it . viggo ( in Russian , subtitle ) yes ? viggo rub he brow with a frown , he head down . viggo ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) of course he do . ( a beat , then ) put the word out . two million to the man who kill John wick . Three million to the man who deliver he intact . viggo hang up , think for a moment , slip the omelette onto a plate , hesitates , and then dial a number . ext . a cityscape - establishing - continuous super : majorca , spain a beautiful , rustic , Mediterranean set . ext . a mansion - establishing - continuous situated on a hundred acre populate by thousand of almond tree , the building - compliment by the grounds - be breathtaking . 40 . ext . the field - continuous accompany by cesca -a middle - age , majorcan shepherd Dog , similar in look to a Black labrador - as he walk - cane in hand - through he property , marcus - seventy , thin , bald , round spectacle , clean shaven , always well - dress , expensive watch , and although he may look frail , he be anything but - whistle softly to himself . his cellphone vibrate . he answer it . marcus yes ? ( a beat , then ) why , hello , viggo . what 's it be ? Seven year ? Seven year ... ( a beat , then ) life ? Marcus look around with a smile , reach down to scratch cesca behind the ear . marcus ( cont 'd ) life be good . int . a townhouse - the kitchen - continuous viggo nod , eat a mouthful of the omelette . viggo good , good . ( hesitate , then ) I have a favor to ask . one that pay quite well . int . a mansion - continuous Marcus chuckle with a shake of he head . marcus as I keep tell that - like you - who keep call , viggo ... I be retire . Marcus listen to viggo talk ... ... pause in mid-step ... ...his brow furrow , eye still . 41 . marcus ( cont 'd ) come again ? ( a beat , then ) John wick ? ( a long beat , then ) consider it do . Marcus end the call , slip the phone back into he pocket , take a deep breath , exhales , turn , and start walk back to he house . marcus ( cont 'd ) ( in catalan , subtitle ) sorry , cesca ... but I have a old friend to attend to . fade to : ext . the train station - establishing - day ext . the train station - continuous push a cart of luggage before he , John enter , study the security checkpoint . he spot evan - 60 , African - american , weathered , large man with a kind face - who work for the tsa , man a security checkpoint . as John approach the two share a know glance . evan ( motion ) pocket . John place he key , phone , wallet , and two gold coin into the tray ... ...as Evan casually flip off the x- ray machine , allow both John and he luggage through without incident . John retrieve he key , phone , and wallet from the tray - evan ( cont 'd ) good day , sir . - and walk on as Evan turn the x- ray machine back on , slip the gold coin into he pocket . fade to : 42 . ext . the rail track - establishing - day a silver - nose train roar past , its wheel melting snow from the track beneath it . int . the train - continuous John sit alone , the train half - empty , stare out at the countryside pass he by . fade to : ext . a cityscape - establishing - day the city be a roiling mass of activity . fade to : ext . the continental - a HOTEL - establishing - day small , trendy , and posh : a upscale , boutique hotel . int . the continental - the lobby - continuous carry a bulky briefcase in each hand - with the duffel bag sling across he shoulder - John approach the front desk where the manager smile up at he . manager hello , sir . how may I help you today ? JOHN I call ahead . reservation for John wick . the manager check he computer . manager ah , yes . I have you for two night . JOHN depend on business , it may be more . manager that 's not a problem , sir . we be only at sixty percent capacity . ( more ) 43. manager ( cont 'd ) just let I know should you choose to extend you stay . JOHN ( looking around ) y'know , I have not be here in year . when do the old girl get a facelift ? manager about twelve year ago . JOHN same owner ? manager ( nods ) same owner . John slide across a gold coin ... JOHN be she still singin ' ? ... which the manager - without so much as a blink - slide into he pocket . manager she be . Daily , in fact . round about midnight . JOHN that 's good to hear . the manager hand he a key . manager floor seven , room nine . ( motion ) would you like help with you bag ? JOHN no , thanks . manager will there be anything else then , sir ? JOHN ( glance at he watch ) can you send I up a hamburger - rare , mustard , onion , pickle - and fries ? 44 . manager ( write it down ) yes , sir . and to drink ? JOHN a nice pinot . mid-range . I will leave that to you discretion . manager yes , sir . I have one in mind . it will be up in a half -hour . JOHN thank you . fade to : int . the continental - establishing - dusk the sun have begin to set ; the street lamp have begin to ignite . int . john' HOTEL room - continuous a half - eat meal be scattered upon the table , the bottle of wine half - empty . resting upon the bed , the briefcase lie open , revealing a veritable armory of dismantle weapon , numerous clip , and box of ammunition . sitting at the desk , John pause from clean a pistol to empty the wine into he glass . once do , he pull back the slide , study the pistol with a keen eye , release it , carefully load a clip with bullet , and slide it into the pistol : lock and load . from a small wooden case , John select a silencer which he screw onto the pistol . he set it down next to a pump - action saw - off shotgun , a sniper rifle , a old school uzi submachine gun - silence - with a polished mahogany stock , a k - bar dagger , and another pistol . a beat ... and John stand , slip the silence pistol into the back of he pants , don he jacket , turn off the light , and leave . 45 . ext . the red circle - establishing - night a upscale night club , the line curl around the side of the building , generously service by heat lamp to accommodate the almost non - existent dress of the many young woman . ext . the red circle - continuous John approach the bouncer - 30 , Russian , massive , tattooe neck , intimidating , he suit one size too small on purpose - who control entry , the guest list glow upon he tablet computer . bouncer name ? John hand he three , hundred dollar bill . JOHN Guest . the bouncer take the bill , pocket they , and unclip the red velvet rope , allow he entry . bouncer welcome . JOHN thanks . as John enter , that in the front of the line complain but be ignore as the rope be re-attach . int . the red circle - the lobby - continuous strangely enough , the lobby be laid back and pleasant . a single bar be available to the dozen or so patron who lounge about smoking , laugh , and talk as server wander the floor , offer a variety of appetizer . Beyond the lobby , however , be a security station - replete with a metal detector - in front of the elevator : the " action " it would seem , be on the top floor . John approach the security station and pause , drop to a knee to tie he shoe ... ... and remove he silence pistol , shove it deep into the soil of a pot plant . 46 . John stand , empty he pocket into a small plastic bin , hand it to a guard , and walk through : he be clean . JOHN thanks . John take he thing , enter the elevator , and press the red " p " for penthouse . int . the red circle - the penthouse lobby - later the door to the elevator open , the music deafen . John exit , turn leave , and enter - int . the red circle - the penthouse dance floor - continuous -a two -story structure with the vip assemble up top ; each have pay for they private table . John enter , carefully study the room . he approach the bar and wave down a bartender . bartender what can I get you ? John motion upwards as he slide across five , hundred dollar bill . JOHN a table . the bartender study he ... and then take he money . bartender this way . John follow the bartender ... ... who slip a hundred dollar bill to each of the goons on either side of the staircase , head upstairs ... int . the red circle - the penthouse - 2 nd level - continuous ... and slip two bill to the waitress - bartender ( to JOHN ) enjoy . - before return to the bar . 47 . waitress this way , sir . John follow the waitress ... ...to a table with a perfect view of both level . waitress ( cont 'd ) will this do ? JOHN yes , thank you . waitress what would you like to drink ? JOHN single malt . irish , if you have get it . John slide she two more hundred dollar bill . JOHN ( cont 'd ) and start I up a tab . waitress yes , sir . I have get a ten-year Michael Collins . JOHN perfect . do you have a meat and cheese plate ? waitress I do . anything else ? JOHN no . thank you . as the waitress turn to fill he order , John study the floor ... ... and the upper balcony ... search . ext . the red circle - establishing - night a soft snow begin to fall . int . the red circle - the penthouse - 2 nd level - continuous John nibble on some cheese and bread as he pour himself a generous help of whiskey . 48 . down below , viktor - finish off he drink - limp past . John 's eye narrow . he finish he drink , stand , and follow after viktor , almost breathe down he neck . Book -end by a pair of estruscan bodyguard who follow every move he make , viktor slap a waitress on the ass as he walk past . viktor ( in Russian , subtitle ) another bottle of the Goose , love ! smashcut to : int . the wick home - the live room - flashback as John stare at moose 's silhouette ... ... viktor limp past . viktor ( o.c . ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) yeah . he keep `em in a bowl like my old man . smashcut to : int . the red circle - the bathroom - continuous drunk , viktor and he bodyguard enter the bathroom , pause to light a cigarette , before limping into - int . the red circle - the bathroom - a stall - continuous - where he lean against the wall in front of the toilet , eye at half - mast . int . the red circle - the bathroom - continuous John enter as a patron leave , the bathroom now empty save himself , viktor , and the bodyguard . as the door close , John produce he ceramic straight razor , drive it between the door and the jamb , and snap it in two . 49 . int . the red circle - the penthouse - 2 nd level - continuous a patron approach the door and attempt to enter , but it will not budge . he shrug and head off in search of another bathroom . int . the red circle - the bathroom - continuous one of the bodyguard turn as John approach , he eye instantly wide - uncomprehend - as the break tip of the blade easily slice open he neck , splash John with he own hot blood . int . the red circle - the bathroom - a stall - continuous viktor glance towards the close door with a smirk . viktor hello ? int . the red circle - the bathroom - continuous as the bodyguard drop to he knee - bleed out - the second guard produce a pistol and - as John move into he - manage to fire off a round which punch through John 's shoulder . int . the red circle - the bathroom - a stall - continuous viktor tense - eye wide - shake off before zipping up he pants , reach into he jacket , and fumble for he gun . int . the red circle - the bathroom - continuous with a cry derive far more from anger than pain , John head butt the other bodyguard - shatter he nose , he face instantly crimson with blood - before slashing the remnant of the blade wide , sever the bodyguard 's artery . the door to the bathroom stall open and as viktor emerge with pistol hold out - - John slap it aside , break he arm and kick in he leg - int . the red circle - the bathroom - a stall - continuous - send he to he knee , scream . 50 . John grab the break arm , twist it behind viktor 's back , drag he towards the towel , grab he by the hair , and shove he face into the toilet . he hold he there for a good amount of time ... ... before rip he back out . gasp for breath , viktor 's eye be wide , sobriety have swiftly return . viktor ( choking ) what the fuck d- John answer by slamm he head against the rim of the toilet - break viktor 's nose - before shove he face back beneath the water . a long beat ... ... and John pull viktor back up for air . JOHN ( in Russian , subtitle ) my name be John wick . you take my car . you kill my dog . where ... be iosef ? viktor fuck you , old m- behind he back , John snap viktor 's wrist , and - as he drive he face back beneath the water - John snap one finger after the next . underwater , viktor scream , struggle . John pull he free . viktor ( cont 'd ) ( wailing ) viggo ! he father ! he's with viggo ! JOHN and where be viggo ? viktor he move about ... from one place to the next ... he 's put iosef under he thumb ... wherever viggo go , so do iosef . John twist viktor 's arm , break it with a dry SNAP . viktor scream ... 51 . ... but John keep hold he arm painfully in place . JOHN ( in Russian , subtitle ) where ... be ... viggo ? viktor ( in Russian , subtitle ) please ... I do not know ... please ... a beat ... ...and John drive viktor 's head down upon the toilet rim at a odd angle , he neck snap . silence . John remove viktor 's wallet and cellphone before exite the stall . int . the red circle - the bathroom - continuous he slide viktor 's wallet into one pocket and he cell phone into another . at the sink , he turn on the cold water tap ... ... splashes it up into he face , turn ... ... and pause , realize that he be cover in blood . John pull off he shirt , wipe the blood from he face , toss the shirt aside , reach down , remove viktor 's shirt , and slip it on , carefully buttone it up . he wet he hair , slick it back , turn , remove the piece of ceramic blade wedge in the door frame , toss it into the trash , and leave . int . the red circle - the penthouse - 2 nd level - continuous John pass by the waitress , pause to hand she a couple of hundred dollar bill . JOHN please close out my tab . waitress yes , sir . ( nods ) thank you , sir . the blood from he shoulder wound begin to seep into the shirt , but only he notice it . 52 . JOHN good evening . waitress good evening , sir . John head down the staircase - int . the red circle - the dance floor - continuous - and calmly make he way through the sea of dancer ... ... as up top , chaos erupt but be silence by the deafen music . int . the red circle - the stairwell - continuous use he one good shoulder , John open the steel door , and - he skin pale , cold sweat upon he brow - move as fast as he can downward . his shoulder hurt . the blood loss near critical . ext . the red circle - a alley - night John exit the building as he scroll through viktor 's phone , search . he find iosef 's number , and as he call it , study the image of iosef which appear on screen . ext . viggo' townhouse - establishing - night int . viggo' townhouse - a bedroom - continuous iosef lay on he bed with a arm behind he head , smoking as he stare up at the ceiling . we hear the vibration of he cell phone . he lift the phone , smile at the sight of viktor 's caller i.d. , and answer . iosef ( in Russian , subtitle ) hey , vik. 53. JOHN ( o.s. ) ( a long beat , then ) viktor be dead . iosef bolt upright , he breath stick in he throat , eye wide . int . a alley - continuous John trudge through the snow with viktor 's phone to he ear . JOHN as for the car , I get that back , but as for moose , well ... I be takin ' a page from exodus on that one : a eye for a eye . ( a beat , then ) no ... no , better yet , Genesis . int . viggo' townhouse - continuous iosef swallow hard . JOHN ( o.s. ) adah and Zillah , hear my voice ; wive of lamech , listen to my speech . for I have kill a man for wound I , even a young man for hurt I . if cain shall be avenge sevenfold , then lamech seventy - sevenfold . int . a alley - continuous John peer around the corner . JOHN make you peace with God , iosef ... ( in Russian , subtitle ) ... for the Devil shall see you soon . int . viggo' townhouse - a bedroom - continuous a long beat ... and iosef hang up he phone , stare at the wall ... a solitary tear roll down he cheek . 54 . ext . a alley - continuous John toss the phone down into the snow , and jog across the street ... ... as marcus -a cigarette smolder between he lip - watch he from the shadow . fade to : int . the continental - establishing - night int . the continental - the lobby - continuous the lobby be empty - save the manager - who glance up from he computer ... ...to find a wounded - and quite bloody - John walk towards he . manager ( without blinking ) good evenin ' , sir . JOHN evenin ' . be the doctor in ? manager yes , sir . twenty -four tseven . JOHN send he up , please . manager yes , sir . anything else , sir ? JOHN depend . how good 's you laundry ? manager the best , sir , however , I be sorry to say that ... ( hesitate , then ) ... no one 's that good . John chuckle , slide a gold coin across to the manager . JOHN no , I think not . ( nods ) send I up a beer , too , will you ? 55 . manager yes , sir . what do you favor ? JOHN anything cold . ext . the continental - establishing - night int . john' HOTEL room - continuous sitting in a chair with he shirt off and a beer in hand , John grit he tooth as the doctor - 80s , steady hand , glass , thinning hair , frail , but strong - remove the bullet from he shoulder , drop it into a glass of water . JOHN do she chip off ? doctor lucky for you , no . it look to be a sub-sonic . JOHN good to hear . the Doctor clean the wound , dry it off , and begin to sew shut the wound . int . the continental - the hallway - later the Doctor exit as John stand in the doorway , he shoulder bound tight with gauze . JOHN what sort of movement be I lookin ' at ? doctor if you be lookin ' to heal right quick , then keep it marginal . however , if you have still ... ( search , then ) ... get a bit a' business to attend to ... the Doctor hand he a pill container . doctor ( cont 'd ) ... take two of this beforehand . you will rip open , you will bleed , but you will have full function . 56 . JOHN and after ? doctor it will hurt like hell , son ... but come the long run , you will be fine . John hand the Doctor two gold coin . JOHN thanks , doc . doctor it 's what I do . ( nods ) evenin ' , John . JOHN evenin ' . John close the door behind he . fade to : ext . the continental - establishing - night the snow now fall harder , although the pace seem lazy . int . the continental - the kitchen - continuous dress in a fresh suit and tie , John stride through the kitchen , ignore by the bustling staff . int . the continental - the kitchen - dry storage - continuous John enter the room , and make he way to the back where a small staircase lead downward . John walk down they and enter - int . the continental - the sub - basement - continuous - walk down the long , brick -enclose corridor ... ... stop before a large , thick , impose iron door . John remove a gold coin from he pocket ... ... and slip it into a slit - similar to that of a pay phone - to the right of the door . 57 . a beat ... ... and a section of the door slide open , revealing a pair of judge eye . this be eddie - 30 , red beard , shaven head , pierce , tattooe , three piece suit - intimidating as hell . he study John for a long moment . eddie ( a beat , then ) I do not know you . JOHN maybe not ... but I know this place . a beat ... and Eddie slide the view piece shut . a beat ... and the door be unlock , swinging open . John enter , and the door be immediately swing shut behind , seal and lock tight . int . the continental - the speak easy - entryway - continuous the room be small , but comfortable . to the right be a number of coat / hat rack populate by a dozen or so item . to the leave be a bank of modify cigar locker ; dozen of transparent , safety - deposit box frame in mahogany with a plaque -etched with a name - upon each . Eddie hand the coin back to John . eddie you carryin' ? JOHN no. wait ... John snap back he wrist ... ... and hand Eddie the ceramic straight blade . JOHN ( cont 'd ) sorry . eddie you gotta ' name ? JOHN John wick . 58 . Eddie recognize this name , he demeanor change drastically . eddie oh. Eddie turn , find a locker with the name JOHN wick carve upon it , open the small door , slide in the blade , and close it . JOHN how about you ? eddie what about I ? JOHN you gotta ' name ? a beat ... and Eddie smile , extend a hand , instantly warm . eddie they call I Eddie . JOHN ( smile ) please to meet you , Eddie . eddie same go for I , Mr. wick . JOHN please ... call I , John . int . the continental - the speak easy - night John enter the room through a pair of velvet drape ... ... and pause , take it all in with a smile . a luxurious tavern craft from a long forget speak - easy , the room be not too big , and be not too small , but ... just right . booth line the outside wall while a number of table be scattered about . near the stage , a small dance floor have be clear , the wooden tile wear , but lovingly care for . 59 . on stage , jenny - 80s , African - american , petite , a commanding presence - sway behind the microphone , sing a old standard , she voice similar to that of billie holiday ; strong , tender , and sincere . her eye grow wide at the sight of John , but she never waver from she tune . as John make he way through the room , everyone node , offer a handshake , or a simple greeting : this be a old family ... of a sort . in the corner , winston - 70 , English , tall , lean , well - dress , glass , tailore , precise - sit with a wear , paperback copy of the tell -tale shrew in one hand and a dry sherry in the other . JOHN hello , Winston . Winston lower the book , and glance across at John with a blank - yet warm - look . winston hello , Jonathan . ( a beat , then ) it 's be awhile . JOHN that , it have . ( looking around ) I be glad to see the old place still up and runnin' . winston ( half - smile ) I could say the same for you . John approach the bar ... ... where jimmy - 40s , African - american , three - piece suit , expensive watch , kind eye , quick to smile - look up with a grin . jimmy Ho ... lee ... shit . JOHN hey , Jimmy . the two shake hand like old friend . jimmy John , my God , it 's be ... what ? 60 . JOHN I be no good with time , but ... it 's be awhile . jimmy that , it have . ( a beat , then ) we we be all break up over Norma , y'know . JOHN she get the card , the flower ... she know you - all of you - love she . ( a beat , then ) and thanks , Jimmy . it mean a lot to I as well . jimmy well , shit , it 's good to see you , John . what can I get you ? JOHN I would love a martini . jimmy gin , dry , and onion ? JOHN good man . jimmy go on and take a seat . I will be with you in a moment . JOHN thanks , Jimmy . jimmy all good , John ... and seriously ... it 's good to see you . as John leave Jimmy to make he martini , John stray towards the stage . Jenny finish she song , the audience politely applaud , and she step down to give he a strong embrace . jenny John wick in the flesh ... my , oh , my ... will wonder never cease . John smile ... almost sheepishly . 61 . JOHN hey , Jenny . jenny where have you be keepin ' yourself ? JOHN I be not quite sure , but with that say ... here I be . jenny here you be , indeed . my , oh , my ... Jenny hesitates , and then clasp a hand to he shoulder . jenny ( cont 'd ) I miss she , too , y'know ... JOHN I know . jenny and I have not ... I mean , not since the last time ... ( hesitate , then ) would you mind ... if I sing it ? ( smile ) you can say , " no " . JOHN ( chuckle ) no , no , Jenny ... go right ahead . in fact ... please do . I would like to hear it , too . jenny will do . Jenny hug he again , kissing he on the cheek . jenny ( cont 'd ) this visit of yours be not no passin ' fancy , be it ? JOHN no , mar 'am . jenny well , then ... you be safe , you hear ? 62 . JOHN ( nod , smile ) I hear . Jenny take to the stage ... ...as John sink into he booth . jimmy nods - jimmy enjoy . - as he slide a martini across to John . on stage , Jenny whisper to the member of she small band before take to the microphone . jenny it 's be awhile , but ... here 's to the past ... may it influence we future . the music begin ... ... and Jenny sing it have to be you . her rendition be powerful , sweet , endear , passionate , and sincere . as John watch she sing , a smile tug at the corner of he lip . on the empty dance floor ... ... John watch a young version of himself with Norma ... ... dance slowly ... twirling ... she head on he shoulder ... ...smile ... ... with a sigh ... ... before disappear . John swallow - hard - as a tremble hand wipe away a tear . Jenny smile at he with a nod . he return the gesture . she continue to sing . John raise he glass as - 63. - SNAP . SNAP . SNAP . SNAP . SNAP . CUT to : a cellphone five picture of John be inconspicuously take ... ...by david perkin - late twenty , cocky , expensive taste , lean , cruel - at a table across the way . David send they with a text : " be this he ? " a beat ... and he receive a text in return : " yes . where be you ? " David text back : " the Continental . " a beat ... and he receive a text : " we may not engage in hostility upon that premise . " David text back : " I be willing to take the risk . " a beat ... and he receive a follow up text : " take he alive . should you fail , we disavow . should you succeed , we reward ... greatly . " David smile ... CUT to : ... as do John . once the song be do , Jenny be meet with boisterous applause ... ... with John clap the hardest among they . fade to : int . the continental - the hallway - night exhausted - and more than a bit tipsy - John run a hand along the wall to maintain he balance . he sing under he breath ... hum the tune to it have to be you . at he door , he fumble with he key card , but finally manage to open it . 64 . int . john' HOTEL room - continuous John close and lock the door behind he . he shed he jacket , he shoe , and he pants ... ... flick off the light ... ... and crawl beneath the blanket with a sigh . fade to : ext . the continental - establishing - night the snowstorm end , the city suddenly still . int . the continental - the hallway - continuous empty . a long beat ... and two figure appear at one end of the hall while three appear at the other end : suit , tie , glove , and mask . one of they insert a key card attach to he cell - phone and hack the lock ; the light turn from red to green . another place a small , magnetic gun to the door , adjust the set , and pull the trigger - int . john' HOTEL room - continuous - cause the latch to leap back from the door ... ... which open . all five man enter , close the door behind they . sound asleep , John lay upon he back beneath the cover , snore softly . well - rehearse , two man focus upon he leg while two focus upon he arm , they hand hover above a appendage as they wait for the fifth ( david ) ... ... who produce a plastic baggie , inside of which rest a damp towel . David remove the towel ... ... count down with a nod from 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 65 . like a well - oile machine , hand clasp down upon John 's arm and leg as David slap the rag down upon John 's mouth . John 's body tense as he eye snap open ... ... but he do not inhale . a beat ... and John twist at a odd angle , cause one of the man hold he arm to lose he grasp . with he one arm free , John reach up , grab David 's wrist , and snap it . as David stumble backwards with a cry , the other pounce upon John ... ... who produce the k - bar blade from beneath the blanket , drive it into the side of one man 's neck once ... twice ... three time ... ... before release the blade , arching he back , and wrapping he leg around another man 's neck , tensing until - SNAP - the man 's neck break . the remain three - horrify - be at a loss ; far remove from they element . David and a gunman run for the door as a third step back , remove he silence pistol from a shoulder holster , and blindly fire . the bullet etch up along the mattress and into the headboard ... ...as John roll off the bed , reach beneath it , and grab the shotgun . boom ! the gunman 's leave leg disappear as - scream - he sink to the ground . boom ! John fire again , hit the fall gunman in the chest . boom ! John fire at the flee gunman in the open doorway - int . the continental - the hallway - continuous - send he spin out into the hallway . boom ! 66 . he be shot a second time in the back , dead in a blink . David rip off he mask as he slide to a stop , hand up , just as John emerge from he room , pump the shotgun for affect . a beat ... and he walk towards David , the weapon steady . david ( trembling ) ... please ... John place the shotgun to the back of David 's head . John be terribly - to a unsettle degree - calm . he produce a small pill container , tap out two , and swallow they as he roll he injure shoulder with a groan . JOHN ( terribly calm ) do you know where iosef be ? david no , sir . JOHN do you know where viggo be ? david N - no , sir . JOHN ( sigh ) do you know anythin ' worth knowin' ? tear roll down David 's cheek as he wrack he brain , think . JOHN ( cont 'd ) just because I be good at killin' ... do not mean I like it all that much . ( a beat , then ) give I something . david wait , wait ! ( swallow hard , then ) Little Russia . there 's a small bank near cannon Court ... JOHN what about it ? 67 . david viggo own it . it 's where he keep he money . every dollar of business he do clear through that building . JOHN ( a beat , then ) that will do . John swing the shotgun , knock David out with the butt . click . John freeze ... ... as harry - 60 , African - american , former NFL receiver , tall , lean , and impose , yet currently dress in boxer , a t-shirt , and dress shoe - aim a pistol at the back of John 's head from the open doorway of he hotel room . silence . harry do I know you ? JOHN I be thinkin ' so . John turn ... ...and Harry lower he pistol . harry oh. hey , John . JOHN hey , Harry . Harry glance about at the body ... ... and step back inside he room . harry good night , John . JOHN ( nods ) night , Harry . ( a beat , then ) hey , Harry . Harry hesitates , but glance out from behind he door . 68 . harry yeah , John ? JOHN you keen on earnin ' a coin ? harry ( hesitates , then sigh ) Times bein ' as they be ? yeah , John ... I be . JOHN do you mind babysittin ' the breathin ' one for , I dunno ... ( check he watch ) ... the next six hour or so ? harry catch and release ? John toss Harry a gold coin . JOHN ( nods ) catch and release . harry can do . we hear the sound of a phone ringing . Harry grab David by the foot as John head back towards he room . JOHN good night , Harry . Harry drag David back towards he room . harry good night , John . int . john' HOTEL room - continuous John enter he room , and answer the ringing phone . manager good evening , Mr. wick . I be sorry to be call you at this hour , but we have receive a number of noise complaint from you floor . 69 . JOHN you do not have to worry about that anymore . I will be go to bed soon . manager have you any need of - say - a dinner reservation , perhaps ? JOHN yes , in fact . ( counting ) for four . manager six o'clock ? JOHN perfect . oh , and ... ( hesitate , then ) do you cater ? ( smile ) excellent . I will need a car , and ... well ... something a bit less trivial . fade to : ext . a bridge - establishing - dawn well - light , but empty ; a beautiful expanse of architectural history . ext . a bridge - continuous John walk with he hand in he pocket , he head down , lose in think . he pause to light himself a cigarette ... ...a long beat ... ... and he lower he head , flick ash . JOHN you willin ' to put a bullet in my back , Marcus ? emerging from the shadow behind he , Marcus hold a silence - pistol , he leather - glove hand steady . a beat ... 70 . ... and Marcus smile , slip the pistol back into he jacket . marcus I owe you , John . Marcus join he at the rail . John offer he a cigarette - JOHN be awhile , Marcus . - which Marcus accept - marcus too long , I would argue . - lean forward to ignite the tip from John 's lighter . he pull back with a nod , squinting out into the night . JOHN why would you take the job then ? marcus because if not for I , it would have be someone who would have just now pull the trigger and simply walk away , leave you to gasp you last . JOHN ( nods ) much appreciate , then . marcus besides , we be the last of we kind ; a endangered species of a sort . and I find comfort in know that there 's someone like I still out there . JOHN ( a long beat , then sigh ) what be I do , Marcus ? I mean ... it be just a ... be a... dog , but ... John run a tremble hand through he hair . marcus it 's always " just " something , John . " ( more ) 71 . marcus ( cont 'd ) just " a wife , " just " a son , " just " a friend , " just " a house , " just " a car ... " just " a dog ... or " just " a cat . each of this I have lose in no particular order , and each time the pain I feel be quite real . and my choose reciprocity to each be no more - and no less - brutal than any other . JOHN ( a beat , then ) this be not like I . marcus ( smile , nod ) maybe not , but for the rare man of we ilk - that who survive a arguably unsurvivable life - the few thing we find time to care for ... pass long before we do ... a long silence ... ... and Marcus finish he cigarette , toss it out into the darkness . marcus ( cont 'd ) good night , John . JOHN good night , Marcus . Marcus turn , and head back into the train ... ...as John continue to stare out into the night . a long beat ... and he produce he cell phone , dial a number . fade to : ext . a diner - establishing - early day a corner dive , popular , but its population be sparse this early in the morning . a limousine pull up to the curb . 72 . int . a diner - continuous sipping coffee in a corner booth , John watch the front of the building ... ... lowering he mug as viggo - accompany by two man - enter . viggo ( in Russian , subtitle ) wait in the car . the two man exit as viggo walk towards the booth , shed he jacket as he do so . only one of John 's hand be above the table , the other hover beneath it , a pistol hold tight , unwaver . viggo slip into the seat . viggo ( cont 'd ) be that really necessary ? John answer by take a sip of he coffee . viggo shrug with a frown , motion towards the waitress as he flip over he mug . viggo ( cont 'd ) so be it . waitress ( fill the mug ) cream or sugar ? viggo no , thank you . as she walk away , viggo take a long pull off of he drink . viggo ( cont 'd ) it 's be what ? 30 year ? JOHN yeah , that 's about right . viggo Left the game , get marry , settle down ... I envy that . ( a beat , then ) kid ? JOHN no . 73. viggo lucky bastard . JOHN we try , but ... be not in the card . viggo I fuck a bartender and - to dah !- nine month later , I have I a piece a ' shit toss on the old doorstep , but ... when it come down to it ... ( glower ) he 's still my son . JOHN ( nods ) I figure as much . viggo funny how one would both die and kill for something they do not love . JOHN imagine what one would do if they do . viggo nod , take a sip of he coffee , and stand . viggo Goodbye , John . JOHN Goodbye , viggo . viggo leave the diner , and slide into - int . a limousine - continuous - where four of he man wait , each armed with a silence , submachine gun : intimidating hardware . viggo close the door , take a deep breath , and sigh , rub he brow . viggo kill he . boom ! 74 . a round slam into he window , barely miss he before hit the man seat next to he in the side of the head , blood spattering against glass . viggo dive to the floor as he man prepare to return fire - ext . a diner - continuous - but John be a crackshot , fire as he stride towards the vehicle - int . a limousine - continuous - kill two man and wound a fourth who drop down next to viggo , scream . viggo drive ! ext . a diner - continuous John eject a spend clip , slap in a fresh one in a blink , and unload into the limousine which jerk forward , tire squealing as it drive off . int . a limousine - continuous viggo lie on he back , stare at the ceiling as he light himself a cigarette . viggo people do not change . do they , John ? ( to the scream gunman ) shut ... the fuck ... up ! ext . a diner - continuous John slip the gun into the back of he pants , turn , and calmly walk away . fade to : int . a subway station - establishing - day the train pull up and begin to empty , crowd the platform . 75 . int . a subway station - continuous John exit the train , stuff he hand into he pocket , and seek to disappear into the crowd ... ...as kirill and two gunmen spot he . they move towards he ... ...following ... ... hand reach beneath they jacket , finger curling around triggers as silence pistol be slip free by steady hand . kirill babushka . John slow he stride , hand out to he side , mind racing . smashcut to : int . the wick home - the live room - flashback - night with consciousness fade , John lean back upon the floor , listen to the voice of he assailant . with he face hide within he mask , kirill chuckle - enjoy this - as he suck on a fresh mint . kirill ( o.c . ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) then shit ... let the fuckin' babushka fade away and let 's get the fuck outta ' here . smashcut to : ext . a subway station - continuous John tense , he feature hard . kirill grin , willing for John to give he reason to fire . suddenly , a frail commuter stumble into they midst - thump ! thump ! thump ! - kill each with a single , silence round to the heart . kirill be dead before he hit the ground . 76 . amidst a grow sense of chaos , marcus share a parting glance with John , slip the pistol in he pocket , smile , and tip he hat down low over he eye . John return the nod and disappear in the opposite direction . fade to : ext . a parking lot - establishing - day ext . a parking lot - continuous John walk up to a old , ford lot sedan . he reach up into a rear wheel well , and rip free a set of key which have be duct - tape within . he open the trunk : we recognize the suitcase therein as he own . however , there be also a large duffel bag as well which he open , study its content , and - satisfied - zip shut . he close the trunk , open the front door - int . a sedan - continuous - slide inside , start the engine - ext . a parking lot - continuous - and drive off . fade to : ext . a STREET - establishing - day a number of the quaint old building share both English and Russian sign . ext . a STREET - establishing - day with he hand stuff deep into he pocket , John exit a alleyway and duck into - int . a cafe - continuous - where he motion " one " to the waitress . 77 . she point towards a booth . he nod , shed he jacket , take a seat , and glance down at the menu . through the window , John study the front facade of a bank building . he Pov : the bank manager - check he watch - flip over the sign in the door from close to OPEN . waitress what can I get you ? JOHN americano , please . and a bear claw . waitress on it . JOHN oh , and the bathroom ? waitress down the hall to the leave . JOHN thanks . int . a cafe - the hallway - day pull on a pair of leather glove , John walk down the hallway , but instead of turn leave , he turn right - ext . a cafe - the rear - continuous - exite the building . he flip he jacket inside - out - from black to gray - and slip on a face mask . reaching down behind a trash can , he remove a two gallon plastic gas tank and a pistol before walk back down the alley , and out into - ext . the STREET - continuous - make a b-line for the Bank . 78 . as he walk across the street , traffic stop as onlooker gawk in horror . John open the door , and enter - int . a bank - continuous - fire two shot in the air . JOHN everybody out ! ( on they look ) now !!!! customer flee , secretary scramble after they , as do the Bank manager ... ... who slide to a halt , John 's pistol stare down at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) not you . bank manager but ... why not ... I ? JOHN take I to viggo 's stash . bank manager wha ... what ? JOHN his stash . personal Holdings . ( growls ) piggy " fuck " Bank . bank manager what ?!? I can not just - boom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! John fire four shot ... ... kill the two gunman who appear behind the Bank manager . bank manager ( cont 'd ) ( a beat , then hushed ) this way . 79 . int . a bank - the vault - continuous the Bank manager swing open the door , revealing two wall of safety - deposit box on either side ... ... with a large door in the rear of the vault lead into a secondary vault . a keypad be attach to its face replete with a fingerprint reader . John press the barrel of the gun to the back of the Bank manager 's head and force he into the vault . JOHN open it . bank manager I can not . JOHN open it . bank manager he will kill I ! JOHN so will I . the bank manager hesitates ... ... and then press a thumb to the reader and type in a code . a beat ... and the door open with a hiss . bank manager now , p- John pistol - whip the Bank manager , knock he out . without really look inside - int . a bank - secondary vault - continuous - John toss the plastic gas can into the secondary vault , and unload the pistol ... ... into the gas can which explode into flame , illuminate the space to reveal pallet of cash , smuggle artwork , jewel , and the like stashed therein . John toss the pistol inside , and walk away . 80 . as the fire grow , devour the million of dollar in liquid asset ... ext . a bank - the STREET - continuous John casually walk across the street , ignore the gawker , and enter the alleyway . int . a bank - the vault - continuous the Bank manager come to with a groan , pull himself up to he foot . his jaw draw drop - eye wide - at the sight of the fire . bank manager ...fuck ... I ... ext . a diner - the rear - continuous John toss the glove and mask into the trash , turn he jacket back out , slip it back on , and enter - int . a diner - the hallway - continuous - walk down the hallway to enter - int . a diner - continuous - slip into he seat as the waitress arrive with he coffee and donut . waitress anything else ? JOHN that will do . thank you . John take a deep breath , exhales ... ... and relax as across the street , the Bank manager emerge from the building , and flee off down the street . fade to : ext . a bank - later a beat ... and the trio of intimidating sedan pull up to the curb . 81 . the gunman in the rear and front vehicle emerge , study they surroundings . a beat ... and one of the gunman slap a hand to the roof of the center car . proceeded - and precede - by a bodyguard , viggo emerge , stuff he hand into he pocket , and march into the bank as across the street ... int . a cafe - continuous ... John watch . JOHN ( mutter ) no cop . that 's new . waitress we good , hon ? JOHN yeah . yeah , we be good . thanks . the waitress rip the receipt off of she pad - waitress anytime . - and drop it on the table in front of he . John stand , toss a twenty down on top of it , turn , and leave , snagging a toothpick at the cashier 's booth before exite . int . a alley - continuous as John walk , he reach down behind a trash can ... ... and retrieve a large briefcase . int . a bank - secondary vault - later viggo stand in the center of the small room with he head down , prodding a smolder Picasso with the tip of he foot . viggo ( in Russian , subtitle ) where 's the manager ? the question be meet by silence . 82. viggo ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) I would run , too . ( a beat , then in English ) what a shame ... what a fuck ... ( sigh ) ... shame ... viggo be tremble with rage , hand clench at he side , eye unblink . viggo ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian , subtitle ) iosef ... my son ... be worth less than this ... far less ... treasure reduce to ash ... ( in Russian , subtitle ) ...ash ... ext . a bank - later with he head down - hand stuff deep into he pocket , a cigarette smolder between he lip - viggo exit , slowly make he way towards he car . int . a diesel truck - continuous perched behind the wheel - the driver 's side window miss - John shift gear , slam he foot down onto the gas ... ... and narrow he eye , tensing , he knuckle creak from within leather glove as he finger constrict around the wheel of the steal vehicle . ext . a bank - continuous the gunman react to the sound of the engine 's roar , the two nearest it 's approach drop to a knee , aim , and fire . bullet slam into the windshield -a round slashing into John 's cheek , clipping he ear - and engine block before the front leave tire blow . John lose control of the truck which fishtail wildly , slamm into a sedan , crush two gunman before it cartwheel through they midst , kill three more before come to a stop on its side . a gunman push viggo towards the center sedan - 83. gunmen ( in Russian , subtitle ) get in ! now ! - shove he inside . Three gunman approach the truck , fire repeatedly . int . a diesel truck - continuous daze , John - he face cut by glass , fresh wound seeping hot blood - reach over into the open briefcase , remove the silence - uzi therein . John shoot out the sunroof , drag himself free of the vehicle as he duck for cover . ext . a STREET - continuous as the sedan peel out , John swiftly eject the clip , select another - wrap in blue tape , this armor - piercing bullet be dark gray , seemingly sharpen to a tip - from a clip belt , slap it into weapon , drop to a knee and - - as the sedan drive past - - depress the trigger . int . the sedan - continuous bullet easily punch through the door and window , riddling the dash .. ... the passenger , the driver ... ... the seat ... ... one gunman , viggo , another gunman ... ... and the seat . ext . the STREET - continuous the sedan veer off , plummete into the store front of a pharmacy . 84 . ext . a bank - continuous John eject the spend clip , select another wrap in blue tape , turn towards the fall truck , and pull the trigger . the bullet punch through the roof , seat / floor , and undercarriage of the vehicle ... ... cut the remain gunman to shred on the sidewalk behind it . the clip empty . silence . John toss the uzi into the truck , turn , and walk towards the store front from which the rear half of a sedan protrude , pause to slip free a silence - pistol from a dead man 's hand . int . a pharmacy - continuous John enter , glance into the sedan as he move past : the gunman be all dead , but viggo be miss , a rear door open . John round the corner ... ...to see a trail of blood . he follow it ... ...to find viggo drag he break body , he switchblade in one hand , he cellphone in the other . the knife be unceremoniously drop as he struggle to dial 9 ... 1 ... ... before the phone slip through he finger , slick with blood . viggo ( in Russian , subtitle ) no ! no ! ( sigh ) ...no ... John stand over he , the pistol level . as if sense he , viggo roll over with a groan . viggo ( cont 'd ) tell I , John ... and please ... be honest ... be I die here ? John hesitates , squat , and retrieve viggo 's cell phone . 85 . JOHN unless I complete the call , then ... yes . viggo for I to die like this ... ( spitting , enraged ) ... because of he ... ( sigh ) ... would be unfortunate . viggo be fade ... fast . viggo ( cont 'd ) I be send iosef to a safe house in Moscow . I arrange for transport via ... a grain ship ... out of Newark ... viggo cough , tremble . viggo ( cont 'd ) ... please ... John stand , dial a additional " 1 " , and the send button ... ... but it be too late : viggo be dead . John toss the phone down onto viggo 's chest , slip the gun into the back of he pants , turn and as he walk towards the store front ... ... grab a bottle of rub alcohol from the shelf , unscrew the cap . ext . a STREET - continuous John dump the bottle onto he head , gritting he tooth , as behind he ... ... the sedan explode behind he . John do not react . he toss aside the bottle , stuff he hand into he pocket , lower he head , and walk on . fade to : ext . the continental - establishing - day 86 . int . harry HOTEL room - continuous David sit in a chair with he head down : he ankle , wrist , mouth , and eye bound by duct tape . a weathered hand reach over and rip the tape off of he eye . David wince out of pain and the brutal sensation of light . harry ( o.c . ) housekeepin will find ya ' . dress in a three - piece suit , Harry place a old - but gingerly care for - hat upon he head , a ring upon he finger glisten , he watch a enviable antique . harry ( cont 'd ) but son ? you do a bit a ' business on the Continental grounds ... Harry lift he suitcase and turn head for the door . harry ( cont 'd ) ... and management , well ... Harry open the door ... harry ( cont 'd ) ... they do not take kindly to that sort a' thing . ... and exit , leave the door ajar . David slump in he seat ; exhaust , break , and defeat . fade to : ext . a cityscape - establishing - day / night super : newark , new jersey Day become night . ext . the dock - establishing - night a bustling mecca of commerce , the port never sleep ; ship of all shape and size dock , empty they shipment , refill with return cargo , and slip out into the night . a multi-hulled beast of a ship , the chayka ( seagull ) rest dock -side , its bridge guard by a small army of security guard . 87 . overhead , scattered throughout the crane , be a half - dozen sniper , search / study the dockyard . int . the chayka - the hull - continuous cellophane - wrap pallet of weapon and bale of cash be carry by forklift into the center of the hull and bolt to the floor . meanwhile , two dozen high - end , luxury car enter the hull , each drive into its own reinforce , steel crate , the door seal shut behind they . as the last worker leave , he shout into he walkie-talkie . worker fill her up ! overhead , a large chute appear - ext . the chayka - continuous - and the operator press a button , send a seemingly endless stream of grain down into the hull , cover the smuggle goods . int . the chayka - the captain be cabin - continuous chew on a unlit cigar , the captain - 60 , enormous , grizzle , salt - and - pepper beard , long , unkempt hair , dress in denim and leather - study paperwork at he desk while iosef pace ; a cigarette in one hand , a drink in the other . iosef how the fuck long do I have to stay down here ? captain until we be at sea , and even then , you access up top will be limited . the Captain 's phone ring . he answer it . captain ( cont 'd ) yes ? the Captain 's face fall , he jaw clench . captain ( cont 'd ) I will let he know . proceed as schedule . 88. the Captain hang up , find a match , spark it to flame , and ignites the tip of he cigar , puffing it like a old steam engine . captain ( cont 'd ) you father ... iosef ( scoff ) what about he ? captain he be dead . iosef be stunne . iosef what ? captain I be sorry . he be k- the Captain be cut off by the intercom which squawk to life , a scream voice reduce to panicked static . the Captain slap a hand down onto the call button . captain ( cont 'd ) come again ? operator ( o.s. ) we be take fire , sir ! ext . the chayka - the deck - continuous a number of security guard lay dead upon the deck - bleed out from single gunshot wound - as the other sprint for cover . the Operator lean hard against the call button of the intercom . operator someone 's shoot at u- a round slam into the side of the Operator 's head , kill he instantly , he body sink to the deck . int . the chayka - the captain be cabin - continuous the Captain stand , check the chamber of the luger pistol at he side , and head for the door . captain until you hear otherwise ... stay . 89 . the Captain exit the cabin and slam the door behind he . tremble , iosef latch close the door ... ... and pour himself a tall drink . ext . a crane - continuous a sniper search the yard through he scope , he earpiece overwhelm by panicked chatter . sniper this be Alpha . I do not - tink ! across the way , another sniper tumble off he perch ... tink ! ... as do another ... tink ! ... and another ... sniper ( cont 'd ) where the fuck be he ? tink ! ... and another ... the sniper search , he skin wet with perspiration , hand tremble upon the stock . tink ! ... and another , scream as he fall ... sniper ( cont 'd ) where the fuck ... ( trailing off ) the sniper have find John ... sniper ( cont 'd ) the old cannery . Southeast of my position . ... but it be too late . we zoom through he scope ... 90 . ... across the yard ... ... and into the cannery where JOHN lie on the floor with a sniper rifle to he shoulder . JOHN fire ... ... and we follow the bullet back up toward the sniper be perch ... ... where it enter the sniper' scope ... ... and punch through the back of he head . his body go limp ... ... and slide out of he perch , cart - wheeling down to the earth below . ext . the shipyard - night EIGHT heavily -armored suv 's bear down on the old cannery building . int . the cannery - the top floor - continuous John shift position , aim , and fire - ext . the shipyard - continuous - but the round ricochet off the bulletproof window . int . the cannery - the top floor - continuous John eject the clip , eject a round , lean the weapon against the window , and sink back into the darkness . int . the cannery - the MAIN floor - continuous the parade of suv enter the cannery , they tire screeching to a stop as a swarm of highly - train gunman emerge , scatter throughout the building . int . the cannery - the top floor - continuous John pries open the door of a old , wooden , elevator shaft : now a empty cavern disappear down into darkness . 91 . int . the cannery - the top floor - a hallway - continuous a pair of gunman swiftly close in on John ... int . the cannery - the top floor - elevator - continuous ... who take a deep breath ... ... and jump - - bullet riddling the door behind he - - disappear down into the darkness - int . beneath the cannery - continuous - he body slapping against the water as he sink like a stone . int . the cannery - the MAIN floor - continuous a gunman round a corner ... ... step over the empty duffel bag we last see in John 's trunk ... ... and freeze , he eye wide . he Pov : a brick of C - 4 be attach to one of the main support beam , the pale red light of the detonator glow with ominous disdain . he take a step back , lowering he weapon , and glance about ... ... notice for the first time the red light of a dozen or more C - 4 charge scattered throughout the interior . gunmen run ! int . beneath the cannery - continuous underwater , John lift he hand ... ...to reveal a remote detonater ... ... which he depress with he thumb . 92 . int . the cannery - the MAIN floor - continuous the gunman go pale at the sight of all of that red light ... turn green . ext . the shipyard - continuous a series of powerful explosion tear through the building , reduce it to splinter as it collapse in upon itself . int . beneath the cannery - continuous as debris begin to sink down all around he , John swim as hard as he can . surface when he be safe , gasp for breath . find a ladder , John climb upwards - ext . the dock - continuous -emerge from behind a access panel . John turn towards the ship and move at a steady pace , eye rove . ext . the chayka - the deck - night surrounded by crewmen and security personnel , the Captain watch the explosion , he eye wide . captain my ... god. crewman # 1 what do we do ? captain I - pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! the sound of a pistol echoe up past they . crewman Captain ... he 's come . 93. ext . the dock - the chayka - continuous with he pistol hold in both hand - soak to the bone - John stride towards the boat 's entryway , drop five guard with two perfectly - place shot apiece . he eject the spend clip , slap in a replacement , drop to a knee , and fire off six shot at the two gunman as they round the corner , dead before they hit the ground . John drop he pistol , retrieve a submachine gun off a dead guard , unfold the stock , press it to he shoulder , and enter the ship . int . the chayka - the captain be cabin - night with a tremble hand , iosef pour himself a drink , stare at the door ... ... from behind which be hear the sound of sheer , unadulterate chaos : gunfire , scream , and explosion . silence . thum ! thum ! thum ! captain ( o.s. ) open the door , goddammit ! iosef drop he glass , and unlatch the door . the Captain stumble into the room , lean heavy against he desk , pause to take a swig of whisky , blood trickle down from he forehead , he leave arm limp at he side . the Captain reload , reach into he drawer , find a snub - nose .38 , and toss it to iosef . captain ( cont 'd ) do you know how to use that ? iosef yes , sir . captain good. follow I . and if you shoot I in the back , I will be the one to fuckin ' kill you . the Captain swing open the door , and - with he pistol in both hand - enter - 94 . int . the chayka - a corridor - continuous - body lay everywhere . gunshot ring out . a number of panic crewmen flee the ship . iosef stay close to the Captain , he sweaty hand cling to the pistol . as the Captain round the corner - - commotion - - as he and John collide . slow motion ... ... as John look past the Captain , he eye lock onto iosef ... ... who - panic - raise he pistol , and fire - back to scene - hit the Captain in the shoulder . captain you piece of shit , motherfucker ! iosef turn and flee ... ... as the Captain and John disarm one another . the Captain roar - in pain and anger - drive a fist into John 's side , break rib . he follow through with a wild leave , but John avoid it , slapping it aside , the Captain 's forward momentum send he fist to shatter again the iron wall of he ship . the Captain howl , wrapping he arm around John , crush he ... ... and as consciousness begin to fade ... ... John 's tooth close around the captain 's nose , cleave it from he face . stun , the Captain release John who kick out he knee , move behind he , wrap he arm around the wounded man' head , and snap he neck . 95 . ext . the chayka - the deck - continuous iosef emerge from the lower deck , fire back into the darkness as tear roll down he face . a beat ... ... and John emerge , the very visage of death : he chest etched with bullet wound , blood trickle down he face , wet , dirty , wounded , pale , and yet ... ...unstoppable . John move at a steady pace , the gun in he hand at he side , arm limp . iosef sprint towards the far end of the ship , and climb up the ladder towards the pilothouse . John follow . int . the chayka - the pilothouse - continuous overlook the entire ship 's deck , the pilothouse offer little in the way of escape . instead , iosef now find himself trap . he search the desk and find a letter opener which he yield like a knife , turn ... ...as John enter the room . silence . iosef well , come on , muthafucka ! let be dance ! you and I ! a beat ... and John raise the pistol , and fire off he last round , punch a hole in the glass . iosef grin , laugh as John drop he weapon . iosef ( cont 'd ) you miss , bitch ! JOHN no. I do not . John surge into iosef ... 96 . ... whose hand come down with the letter opener . John catch he wrist , and snap it as he right hand dart up , constrict around iosef 's jaw , crack it in two ... ... lift he from with the ground ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( growls ) for moose . ... and hurl he through the pane of glass which explode . scream , iosef tumble end over end , he body slamm into chute from which grain continue to pour , the hull close to full . iosef cartwheel over it and land half - in / half - out of the hull , snapping he back , as around he ... ... grain pile higher ... ... as he sink . iosef no ! help I ! no ! N ... ( fading ) while he leg remain on deck , he upper torso sink slightly , the grain cover he face , mute he scream ... ... as he suffocate to death . int . the chayka - the pilothouse - continuous John stare down at he for a long moment , turn ... ... and leave . fade to : ext . a CITY STREET - establishing - night silence as a soft snow begin to fall . a beat ... ... and a sedan round the corner , take it too wide , and crash . 97 . int . a sedan - continuous perched behind the wheel with he head down , John groan , lean back as snow waft through the door 's break side window . ext . a STREET - continuous John pull himself out of the vehicle , stumble a few foot , enter - ext . a alley - continuous - lean heavy against the wall , and slide into a sit position . John wick look to be on death 's very doorstep .... ...however ... ... death will not take he . with a almost frustrated / irritate groan John pull himself to he foot , and stagger down the alley . int . a veterinarian's office - night small , simple , and clean . a beat ... and a elbow be drive through the door 's window . John reach in , unlock the door , open it , enter , and close it behind he . int . a veterinarian's office - a supply closet - night John grab a empty box and begin fill it with instrument , medication , bandage , and the like . int . a veterinarian's office - the back room - night John enter to find a empty room ... ... save a single young dog -a mutt of no distinguishable breed , three year old - who sit stare at he , offer little more than a tilt of its head . 98 . John strip and -use the hose attachment - rinse he body clean : the damage be extensive with cut , bruise , and three bullet hole ( one in he shoulder , one he side , and one in he chest ) . John study the bullet wound . JOHN ( mutter ) through and through ... through and through ... however when he get to the one in he chest - JOHN ( cont 'd ) buried deep . ( sigh ) fuck . John swallow a handful of pill , clenches he tooth , and - use a pair of needle nose plier - reach into the wound , search ... ... until he find the bullet which he pull free . John clean the wound with disinfectant , apply a number of pad / bandage , and study himself in the mirror : he be a complete and total wreck ... but alive . int . a veterinarian's office - the supply closet - night search , John find some surgical garb ; thin pants and a shirt which he slip into . int . a veterinarian's office - the back room - night John take a jacket off of the rack , try it on - too small - move on to the second one , and it fit . John flick off the light , and leave the room . a long beat ... ... and John return , turn the light back on . from across the room , he stare at the young dog , study it . the dog make no sound , tilting it 's head from side to side . a beat ... and John walk to the cage , remove the clipboard from its side , read it : we can see that the dog be schedule to be put down tomorrow . JOHN miko , huh ? 99 . miko reply with a tilt of she head - JOHN ( cont 'd ) that 's quite the name . - and a paw press to the side of the cage . John smile , place the clipboard on top of the cage , and open its door . miko do not move . JOHN ( cont 'd ) be you come or not ? a beat ... and miko leap down onto the floor , tail wag . JOHN ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . John take a leash off of the wall , and clip it to miko 's collar . JOHN ( cont 'd ) come on . let 's go home . ext . a alley - night John and miko emerge from the veterinarian 's Office and walk out into the snow ... ... disappear into the night . fade to : ext . the continental - establishing - night int . the continental - the kitchen - continuous with he arm in a cast , david make he way through the kitchen , he expensive suit freshly press . int . the continental - the kitchen - dry storage - night David enter dry storage , make he way to the back , and walk down the staircase . 100 . int . the continental - the sub - basement - night as he approach the door , he search he pocket for a gold coin , find one . he slip it into the slit in the door . a long beat ... ... and down below , it clatter out into a small receptacle . winston ( o.s. ) Mr. Perkins ... ...over he shoulder , we see Winston emerge from the shadow behind he , a silence - pistol hold steady in he hand . winston ( cont 'd ) ... you membership to the Continental have be - by thine own hand - revoke . thump ! thump ! CUT to : black silence . the sound of a key slip into a ignition . it turn , the engine roaring to life , tire squealing . fade in : ext . a abandoned airfield - day the sleek , clean , black as night , 1969 Ford mustang ` boss 429 ' sprint down the tarmac as inside ... int . the mustang - continuous ... miko hold she head out of the open window , she eye narrow , mouth open , and tongue flap in the wind . John smile , reach over , and scratch she on the back . JOHN good girl , miko ... good girl . ext . a abandoned airfield - continuous the mustang charge off into the distance . fade out :