John tucker must die by Jeff lowell 17 June 2004 int . high school gym - night the gym be fill to the rafter with scream student cheer on they basketball team . one particularly good look player , who we will learn later be JOHN tucker , fake one way , spin in the other direction and dunk . the gym go nut . we push in on a girl , kate ( 17 ) , sit in the stand . she 's high up and she 's there alone - she have a book in she hand which she read during time out . she 's pretty , but not make up too much , and she 's dress comfortably , so as not to draw too much attention to herself . kate ( v.o. ) I be in seventh grade when I realize I be invisible . int . grade school a teacher arrange a group of seventh grade girl in line by height . kate be towards the middle . kate ( v.o. ) not really invisible - although , how awesome would that have be ? no , it 's just that I do not make a impression of any kind . if I disappear , it would not even cause a ripple . a teacher shift a young kate one space over , now exactly the middle . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be not the tallest or the shortest , I be not the smartest or the dumbest , I be not the richest or the poorest ... I be just what ’s-her - name , you know , the brunette ? kate , I think ? int . auditorium - day a spelling bee be in progress , as a young kate take she turn at the podium . she 's one of seven people leave . young kate a-n-o-n-i-m-o-u-s . anonymous . moderator ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , that 's wrong . kate walk away . kate ( v.o. ) it 's not that I do not try - I be a pretty good speller , and a pretty good singer , and a pretty good runner - ext . track - day a group of girl run past the finish line . announcer ( v.o. ) and in fourth place , just out of the medal , kate Spencer . int . auditorium - night the auditorium be decorate for a dance and be fill with freshman boy and girl . freshman kate sit against the wall , try to look like a great person to dance with . kate ( v.o. ) even in love ... well , I usually end up out of medal contention there , too . a good look boy walk over and take in kate and the other wallflower . he look to kate 's leave - at a rather unfortunate look girl . he shudder , look at kate . not bad . he smile , start over , when a hot girl to kate 's right suddenly pop into view - she have be pick a button off the floor . hot girl found it ! she and the boy lock eye - the boy veer off from kate and hold out he hand to the hot girl . they twirl off like Fred and Ginger . int . girl 's locker room - day kate stand at a locker by herself , get dress , as other group of girl around she talk . kate ( v.o . ) it do not help that my mom and I be always move . you can put up with just about anything when you have get a bunch of great friend to help you through , but , well , let 's just say '' openness to outsider '' be not really what teens be famous for . one of the girl near kate turn to she friend . girl in locker room I do not have anything for my hair . do you have a barrette or something ? kate surreptitiously pull the elastic band out of she hair , turn to the girl . ( continued ) continued : kate hey , I have get one . girl in locker room do I know you ? kate not really ... girl in locker room pass . the girl head out . the locker room be empty now ; kate 's alone . she sigh , put she hair back together . int . live room - day we're in the live room of a house on move day - box and furniture scattered everywhere . a sweaty kate stagger through with a box . kate ( v.o. ) there be one last thing work against I . there 's a knock at the door . she turn and drop the box when she see who it be - it 's a older boy , a knockout . he hold out a plate wrap with aluminum foil . justin ( too cool ) hey . I be Justin , I live next door , and my mom send I over with this brownie or something ... kate take the plate while she try to push she hair into some arrangement that 's not too disgusting . kate ( flustered ) hi. I be kate . I just move in . duh . justin so , kate , you - something catch Justin 's eye . justin ( cont 'd ) Holy ... kate turn to see what he 's look at - a gorgeous woman in she early thirty just walk into the room . she 's be work , too , but instead of sweat , she 's glisten like a Sports illustrate swimsuit model on a beach in fiji . ( continued ) continued : she 's dress in short and a t-shirt that may have fit she in grade school . kate ( v.o. ) that other thing work against I ? kate ( cont 'd ) this be my Mom . lori lori . hi. Justin take the plate out of kate 's hand and hold it out to lori . justin I make this for you . ( then ) I can pick up heavy thing . int . bedroom - day kate sit at she desk , take note as she read a textbook . kate ( v.o. ) it 's not like she can help it . she 's just incredibly beautiful and skimpily dress . okay , maybe she can help that part . kate look up from she book . kate ( cont 'd ) do you get this on page fifty - one ? Andy ? we see that kate be study with a boy , but he 's look out the window . down by the pool , kate 's mother be tanning face down , with she top on the pool deck beside she . andy turn over turn over turn over turn over turn over turn over ... kate ( v.o. ) it 's not like be beautiful have make she life any easier . I mean , she 's never have trouble landing great look man , she 's just have trouble keep they . in the last seventeen year , she 's be through four marriage and I do not know how many boyfriend . that 's why we be always move . montage : a quick series of shot of different great look man stare into the camera . ( continued ) continued : man # 1 hi man # 2 kate man # 3 I be man # 4 go man # 5 to man # 6 be man # 7 you man # 8 new man # 9 dad . you mom and I be go to , uh , talk in the bedroom , so you be a good girl and watch tv . actually , here 's twenty buck . you mind run down to the store and get I some smoke ? int . high school gym - night we be back at the game we start at , with kate in the stand . kate ( v.o. ) but enough about I . the real story here be John tucker . on court John , we star basketball player , have the ball again . he pass it - no , he 's keep in the palm of he hand , he drive and dump off to a teammate who 's free under the basket for a lay up . more cheer , high fives all around . John 's a stud : tall , buff , best head of hair on campus . kate ( cont 'd ) that 's John tucker . Captain of the basketball team , family 's load , always vote most likely to everything , lose he virginity at 14 . to the french teacher . ( continued ) continued : in the crowd a pretty woman in she twenty , wear a french flag sweatshirt and wave a team flag , cheer John on . on court John hassle the passer , then jog backwards on defense . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's the guy this school revolve around . at least , he use to be until ... you know what ? I be get ahead of myself . it all start when my mom get divorced again , and we move to this town to '' start over . '' I get a job as a waitress at what turn out to be John 's favorite restaurant . I be not the best waitress ever , but I be not the worst ... int . italian restaurant - night kate come out of the kitchen and cross over to find John tucker ( in suit and tie ) sit at a table with carrie , editor of the school paper . carrie 's a super - smart overachiever with roughly a thousand commitment take up she time . she 's also ( like everyone with John ) very pretty . kate be you ready ...? JOHN ( to carrie ) I be not sure ... be you ready ? carrie do you recommend anything ? JOHN I ? what do you recommend ? you be the one who speak italian . carrie I do not speak it , I know a little ... JOHN that you pick up travel around Europe . you be so lucky . I can only imagine walk around the same street where all that artist and poet walk , look at the same sight Shakespeare look at when he write ( gaze into carrie 's eye ) '' her beauty make this vault a feast presence full of light ... '' ( more ) ( continued ) continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( then ) maybe I do not need to go to Europe after all . carrie blushes , give a flustered laugh . John turn to kate . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I guess we need a minute . thanks . kate walk off - it 's clear she 's more than a little impressed by John 's display . int . italian restaurant - night it 's a different night at kate 's restaurant . kate come out of the kitchen load down with plate . she hear a snap , glance towards the source , then do a double take . John tucker ( in a letterman 's jacket ) be there with a different girl , heather , who could not look more like a cheerleader because she be a cheerleader . she 's be popular and beautiful for so long that she 's grow to believe that she superiority be the natural order of thing . John keep snap at kate without look , finally kate get the plate down and head over to John 's table . kate hi. would you - JOHN we be ready to order . kate uh , okay . ( to Heather ) what would you like ? JOHN I will order for she . Heather put down she menu , get a huge smile on she face . heather I love that . JOHN ( all charm ) I love take care of you . ( to kate , all business ) two spinach salad , chicken piccata for she , filet for I , medium . and do not rush we between course . get it ? kate uh , yeah . can I - but John 's do with she , and have turn back to Heather . ( continued ) continued : JOHN that sweater be so hot on you . I bet it 's even hotter off you . Heather laugh ; kate walk away shaking she head - what happen to the John that be here the other night ? int . italian restaurant - night yet another night . John tucker ( in slacker - wear ) sit at a table with beth . she 's a hippie throwback , a young Drew barrymore type . she and John be look at they menus . JOHN I have never be here , I hope they have good vegetarian ... ( off the menu ) oh my goddess . beth what ? JOHN veal . l let 's go . beth do not worry , I be sure I can find something . angle on : kate , stand over at a waitstation with another waitress . she 's gesture at John . kate what 's the deal with - waitress John tucker . total operator . bring all he woman here . kate how do he get away with dating so many woman ? waitress ( bitter laugh ) he say he father do not want he dating during the basketball season so he '' keep he focus . '' total lie . it 's just another one of he scam so they have to keep the '' relationship '' secret . kate unbelievable . how have you learn all this ? the waitress start to cry and run back into the kitchen . int . gym - day kate be in gym class with the other girl , include John 's three current girlfriend ( Heather , carrie and Beth ) . they be pick team for volleyball - about half the girl be still wait to be pick , include kate . Heather ( the cheerleader ) be one of the girl pick . she point at kate . heather uh ... I x11 take she . kate ( too eager ) kate . hi . I do not catch you name ? Heather look at kate like she 's nut . heather okay , move on . int . gym - later the game 's in progress . a point be score , and while a girl run after the ball to retrieve it , carrie ( the editor ) be gossipe with the girl stand next to she . girl you be not at the party . where be you ? carrie I be not suppose to say , but ... ( quietly ) John tucker . behind carrie , Heather be get ready to serve . she obviously hear this - she mouth drop wide open . girl get out ! coach william , the gym teacher , blow she whistle . coach william less talk , more play . serve it . Heather toss the ball in the air and serve it - right into the back of carrie 's head . carrie be knock on she face . heather sorry . it slip . the girl around carrie ( include kate ) pick she up . ( continued ) 10 . continued : carrie I be okay , I be okay . let 's just play . every get back in position and Heather serve again - right into the back of carrie 's head , send she down again . carrie jump up and run over to Heather , as the other girl crowd around and the coach start madly blow she whistle . carrie ( cont 'd ) that be not a accident ! Beth ( the hippie ) get between carrie and Heather , who ignore she as they keep argue . heather you better stay away from he . beth violence be not go to solve anything . carrie what 's it to you ? beth no man be worth we fight over . heather listen , I do not know what he tell you , but John tucker be dating I . now Beth 's mouth drop - she turn and slug Heather in the jaw , drop she to the floor . heather ( cont 'd ) ( from the floor ) what the hell be you problem ? beth I be dating John tucker . coach Williams have finally make it over . coach william enough . she grab carrie , who grab the coach 's clipboard and swing it at Beth . Beth move , and kate get hit instead . it 's a all out melee now , with kate accidentally catch in the middle . people be fall , arm be swinging , and finally kate snap : kate stop it ! this guy be cheating on all of you and instead of be mad at he , you be beat the crap out of each other ?! ( continued ) will . continued : ( 2 ) silence as the girl look at each other , digest the wisdom of what kate say . finally , Beth turn to Heather : beth who 's that ? heather I do not know . Pam , maybe ? int . girl 's bathroom - day kate be at the mirror , try to cover up the bruise on she cheek from where she get hit . carrie come in . carrie hey . kate hey . carrie sorry about you face . kate , right ? kate yeah . it only hurt when I smile . or talk . or do this . she make a face in the mirror , wince . carrie laugh . carrie what you say out there - kate sorry , someone just sit on I and - carrie yeah , that be I . but the thing be , you be right . kate I be ? carrie look what he 's do to we girl . I do not even know you , and I hit you in the head with a clipboard . kate that be you too , huh ? anyway , I have see a million John tucker , they all lie to get what they want , and the girl always put up with it . ( continued ) 12 . continued : carrie you be totally right . I never understand it until now , but you be right . kate well , it help that that be the only guy my mom date . pretty soon , you figure out they be all the same . carrie come on . I have get some plan to do , and then we have get to talk to Beth and Heather . kate we ? you want I to come ? carrie sure , in case we start fight again , I have get to have someone to hide behind . kate what the heck . I think my head can absorb three or four more good shot before I have brain damage . carrie head out of the bathroom ; kate in tow . int . starbucks - later kate , carrie , Beth and Heather sit at a table . Beth and Heather do not look too happy to be there . carrie be honest . what be you go to do about John ? heather I be totally break up with he . beth no you be not . heather like you be . beth it 's up to he . if he dump you two , I 'il take he back . carrie we be go to end up right back where we start . he will get back together with all of we , lie about it until he decide he 's do with we and then dump we for good . ( continued ) 13 . continued : Beth and Heather stare at carrie , unconvince . kate clear she throat . kate I bet I know what you be think . '' I be different . I be the one he 's go to stay with forever . '' Beth and Heather look at each other , look down . beth maybe . heather why not ? I be the head cheerleader . beth you say that like it make you some kind of god and we be all loser . heather no . I mean , a little , but no . I do not think that . carrie let 's stay focus here . everyone he 's ever date think they be different . it 's what he do . beth so what be we suppose to do ? carrie kate have a idea . kate I be just say it 's always the woman who end up get hurt ... carrie exactly . why be he get off the hook ? we could all date anyone , and for some reason we let he walk all over we . heather it 's because he 's hot . beth hot ? he 's the most gorgeous man I have ever see . he 's like a Greek god , send to earth to remind we mortal what beauty be . Beth notice everyone stare at she . she snap out of it . ( continued ) 14 , continued : ( 2 ) beth ( cont 'd ) but you be right . that 's not enough . kate so why not teach he a lesson ? heather how ? break up with he ? he 'il have someone else in a second . carrie no , bigger . we be go to make he undateable , make it so no one want to go out with he anymore . carrie pull out a huge sheath of color- code papers and folder , hand a thick stack to each girl . carrie ( cont 'd ) I have some time to go over some possible approach . i’11 bottom line it : he do not know we be on to he . we can use the fact that we be he '' girlfriend '' to set he up , humiliate he , and make he look like a fool in front of the whole school . heather ( smile , imagine it ) that would not suck . carrie and we will not just be take care of he . we will be send a message to all the John tucker that we be not go to put up with it anymore . they be go to have to treat we with respect . beth they be go to have to stop lie to we . heather and cheating on we . carrie exactly ! I have get a whole section on that start on page three . beth ( paging through thick folder ) when do you sleep ? carrie I take ten minute nap five time a day . I be like Thomas Edison . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) heather ( whisper to Beth ) who ? beth ( whisper back ) he be a President . carrie come on , what do you say ? a beat , then : beth let 's get he . heather I be in . but if I find out this be some kind of trick , I be back with he so fast ... carrie pull out a small leather notebook , write in it . yes , this have some significance later . kate wow , this be great . he do not stand a chance against you guy . beth you be not go to help we ? kate I ? why I ? beth it be you idea . kate no , I just point out that you all should do something . he do not do anything to I . carrie do not he ? he get all of we mad enough to beat the crap out of you in gym . beth besides , can you honestly say that you have not be screw over by a John tucker somehow , somewhere ? heather come on , it will be fun . what else be you do ? Heather have a good point . kate shrug . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 4 ) kate let 's get he . ext . stadium - day different group be use the track : the female track team ( include kate ) be run sprint , and the cheerleader , lead by Heather , be just finish up practice as random people jog by on the track . one of they be John tucker , who stop and wait for Heather to wander over and join he . he glance around to make sure no one be within earshot . JOHN Heard there be a thing in gym yesterday . heather some loser be say she go out with you . JOHN you be kid . that 's such a lie . heather oh , I totally know . do not worry . I mean , you can not date - JOHN ( sadly ) the basketball . heather but if you could , I know who it have be . JOHN you know it , babe . John look around to make sure no one 's watch , slap Heather on the ass . across the field : kate be stand at a drink fountain , watch . kate euch . there 's a guy stand behind she at the fountain , scott . scott be that for she or he ? kate him . ( continued ) 17 . continued : scott that 's not usually the noise girl make when they look at he . usually it 's more of a '' ohhhhh ... '' kate ( laugh ) jerk be not really my type . scott I guess he be kind of a jerk , be not he ? kate I be surprised to hear a guy say that . I think he be you god . scott Close . older brother . kate oh no . seriously ? Scott hold out he hand . scott Scott tucker . kate kate . I be so embarrassed - scott do not be . if anything , I be embarrassed about be he brother . I think my mom be experiment with drug or live on a toxic waste dump when she have he . kate laugh . they be interrupt by a bell . scott ( cont ’d ) damn , I have get to run . do not worry , you secret 's safe with I , kate . Scott wink and head off . int . kate 's house - live room - day Heather and carrie be sit in kate 's live room as kate open the door and let Beth in . carrie have a new Apple powerbook plugge into kate 's television - on the screen be a keynote presentation , complete with a unflatter picture of John and a list of bullet point next to he . very slick . carrie do you talk to he ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : Heather beth yeah , he just stop by my house . he say I be the only one for he , you guy be liar , meat be murder ... carrie yeah , we all get the same story . kate you house ? do you hook up ? beth no . heather oh my god . you do . beth no . a little . ( then ) we can not let he get suspicious ! I always fool around with he ! it be not for I , it be for we ! I mean , I enjoy it , but ... it be not for I ! and carrie exchange a look . heather told you she could not keep it together . beth figure you two would gang up on I . Little miss popular and Little miss perfect . carrie hey , do not lump I with she . heather what 's that suppose to mean ? carrie just that we be very different . heather meaning you be better than I . kate laugh . everyone look at she . kate do not you see ? this be exactly how he get away with it . he know you would not be catch dead talk to each other , and that 's why he 's so safe cheating . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie kate 's right . I be sorry . we have get to stick together , all right ? the girl nod . there 's carrie ( cont 'd ) okay , he 's back with all of we , he do not know anything 's up , let 's keep it that way until we get he . heather speak of which , do anyone have any idea how we be go to do this ? a pause . Heather hold up one of carrie 's folder . heather ( cont 'd ) I mean , I read carrie 's term paper - carrie no you do not . heather okay , but come on , it 's like the phone book . I flip through , and do not see anything , um ... beth concrete . yeah . you have get some great idea , but what do we do ? kate well , I mean , I do not know he like you all do , but I notice something . he make every woman he 's with feel special , he tell they exactly what they want to hear ... what if we show people that it 's just a act ? really show who he be , so no one ever trust he again ? I mean , when I see he , I think he be cute , but after I see how he be with all of you ... the girl take this in , nodd . carrie excellent . good . throw that away . carrie grab all the folder . carrie ( cont 'd ) let 's get to work . ( have : computer ) Beth , you mind start the presentation ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 3 ) Beth go to the computer , reach for a key . carrie ( cont 'd ) not that . just press the - no , not that . move the cursor to - you know what ? I x11 work the computer . carrie push Beth out of the way , cradle she computer . beth I be glad we be get to know each other . I would always hear you be kind of a control freak . carrie kate , you get soda . carrie / beth / heather diet . carrie and Heather , you ... heather sit here and look good until you need I ? carrie be we a well oile team or what ? kate go into the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuous kate enter just as she mother come in from outside , carry a bag of grocery . lori 's dress in she usual young , hip , sexy way , look more like a teen than a mom . lori hey , what 's up ? kate oh , nothing , just - laughter from the next room . lori you have friend over ? kate yeah , a few girl stop by . lori hug kate . ( continued ) 21 . continued : lori I know you would like it here . this be great . I can not wait to meet they . lori head out of the kitchen . kate actually , we be - too late . lori 's go . kate grab soda and follow . int . kate 's house - live room - continuous kate enter the room right behind lori . kate Beth , carrie , Heather , this be my mom . lori lori . the girl all exchange look - lori do not look like a mom . lori ( cont 'd ) so what be you all up to ? beth destroy a man . lori who do I make my check out to ? the girl laugh . lori cross over and sit on the floor with the girl . lori ( cont 'd ) so , who be he and what do he do ? Beth press a key on she computer ; John zoom back onto the screen , along with ominous sound effect music and boo . beth this be John tucker . lori cute . let I guess , heartbreaker ? heather Big time . lori you be lucky I get here . I have get some experience in this field . ( continued ) 22 . continued : kate can not take any more . she pastes on a smile , try very hard not to let she true feeling out . kate Mom , I really do not know if we should be take advice about man from you . lori why not ? I have date a hundred of they . I know all they trick . kate and yet , you still keep go fall for they . carrie what 's the matter ? she 's a expert . kate okay , then . kate shrug , hand out the soda , take a seat . she 's nota happy camper . carrie take she place at she computer - she talk be illustrate by a impressive presentation , complete with video , graphic , music , etc ... carrie all right , kate 's right . we need to show people the real John tucker . and to do that , we need a public platform - something where the whole school be there . that much I have already get figure out . lady and ... lady , I give you : the school election . heather ( unimpress ) the election ? beth he 's not even run . carrie yes , the election , and he will run . Beth , you be go to convince he . beth how do I do that ? carrie how do girl get boy to do anything ? 23 . int . hallway - minute later the hall be empty . suddenly , the door to the boy bathroom crash open , and Beth and John stumble into the hallway , in a embrace . they break ; Beth tuck in she shirt , John wipe the lipstick off he face . Beth pause under a political poster - a slick one with a photo of a smile guy run for school president . beth you know , I be surprised you never run for any kind of office . JOHN it 's just something you do to get into college , and I have get the basketball . beth yeah , I guess you be right . still , it 's a big popularity contest , and there 's no way he 's more popular than you . Beth head back towards she class , leave John look up at the poster . he do not look happy . int . school newspaper office - day carrie sit at a computer in the middle of a chaotic pile of photo , old issue , submission ... there 's one other student work there - he look up as John enter . unseen to carrie , John point at the door , and the student take off . JOHN hey , carrie . what do you think about I run for school president ? carrie I do not think you get into that . JOHN I never do , and all of a sudden I realize I be miss part of the high school experience . carrie it 's a little late to be get involved - JOHN I have get to win . you will help I . you be the smartest girl I know , you run the newspaper - carrie ( pretend to soften ) you want my help ? well ... ( continued ) 24 . continued : JOHN I know you have do it . I love you . carrie what ? John act surprised , like he do not mean to let that slip out . he clearly do . JOHN I mean , I love you for help . I can not believe I say that . carrie no , it 's okay ... he hold she hand , gaze into she eye , then : JOHN so , you will do it ? int . dive restaurant - day the four girl be sit together at a table . Heather take a bite of she burger , grimace . heather since when do we eat here ? carrie since we can not be see together . if he hear we be friend , he 'il know something 's up . come on , it 's not that bad . carrie sample she food , shudder , gingerly return the bite to she napkin . carrie ( cont 'd ) anyone have a napkin they be not use so I can blot the grease off my tongue ? kate hand over a napkin . carrie lick it . Beth begin do surgery on she sandwich - the other girl 's watch as she remove the meat patty from she burger , remove the cheese , replace the tomato and lettuce , and squirt about a quart of ketchup and mustard onto it . she take a bite , notice that she 's be watch . beth be a vegetarian suck . I want a personal thank you note from every stupid cow and chicken I have not eat . ( continued ) 25 . continued : carrie okay , here 's where we be . I have already convinced John that we should show a video for he campaign speech . heather a video that , let I guess , you will be editing ? beth be not he go to want to see it before you show it ? carrie I be go to make two . I make a real one to show he , where he talk about all the thing that make he a good candidate - loyalty , honesty ... kate and we make another one where we cut ina bunch of stuff about what a sleazebag he really be . heather gee , I hope there 's not some mix - up , and we end up show the wrong video to the whole school . it would ruin he . they laugh . kate to get the footage we need , we be go to need a lot of equipment - microphone , hide camera ... heather Beth , that 's you . beth I do not know anything about electronics . heather yeah , but you be rich . beth hey , I do not like label . my parent may buy into the whole bourgeois lifestyle , but that do not mean I have to . it 's they money , not mine . carrie if we agree that you be a poor repress member of the underclass , can we use one of you fifty credit card ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) beth sure . Beth dig through she purse , pull out credit card , hand one to each girl . beth ( cont ’d ) amex Blue , Visa platinum ... ( sentimental ) oh , my first master Card . we have have some fun , have not we ? she reluctantly hand it over . beth ( cont 'd ) be careful with he . his little magnetic strip 's almost wear off . int . heather 's bedroom - night Heather 's bedroom be cover with bag from electronics store and spy store . Beth and carrie be play with monitor , binocular , etc . Heather 's in just a bra , as kate try to attach a camera with fumble hand . kate all right , almost there . sorry , I have never do this . heather put a camera on someone , or grope a girl ? kate well , neither . kate get the camera on . kate ( cont 'd ) there , how do that feel ? heather well , the camera kind of pinch , but you have get soft hand . Beth turn on a monitor - we see a huge distort close up of kate 's face as shot through the camera . beth whoa . kate how do I look ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : beth tres bad angle - straight up you nose . take two step back from Heather 's breast . kate do . beth ( cont ’d ) much better . the lighting still be not great . try turn to the leave . carrie oh , we be not do this to get glamor shot of kate . kate , speak into the cleavage . carrie put on a pair of headphone as kate step back up to Heather . kate um , testing . one two . test . carrie okay , it 's good . there 's kind of a echo , but it 's good . heather what do I want he to say ? carrie well , we want he to act like a sleazy horndog , so ... heather just let he be himself ? beth that 's 11 work . carrie pull out she notebook , start write . kate sorry , do you mind if I ask ... what be you always write in there ? carrie just my list . you know , normal stuff , same as everyone . ( off they blank look ) I have get my '' to do '' list , which be subdivide into my '' to do today , '' '' to do one time , '' '' to do weekly , '' you know . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie ( cont 'd ) then there 's my '' goal '' list , again , '' high school , '' '' college , '' and '' life ; '' my '' contingency '' list in case one of my goal or to do item do not work out the way I expect , my '' observation , '' my '' notion , '' which yes , be very different , and of course a few idea for the screenplay I plan to write during my summer in belize . or Toronto , depend on the political climate . do not you all do this ? kate no . no one do that . martha Stewart would meet you and go '' you know , she 's a little anal for my taste . '' carrie well , it work for I . beth what happen if you lose the book ? carrie you be not go to freak I out that easily . I have a duplicate at home , and I copy the change in every night . beth yeah , but what about all the '' contingency '' and '' notion '' you come up with during the day ? they have just be ... go forever ? carrie process this . her eyebrow twitches . the girl go in for the kill . heather yeah , maybe you should carry a third book - kate store in a separate location from the main book , of course - beth right , and then you should immediately copy everything that happen into both of that book . carrie start hyperventilate . the other girl laugh . kate come on , we be just mess with you . heather yeah , I think you 'il be okay with two book . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 3 ) carrie ( laugh ) sure , you be right . good one . everyone return to they food . as soon as they be not look at carrie , concern cross she face and she clutches she book tightly - she 's be throw . ext . park - night John and Heather be sit on a picnic table . heather you sure it 's safe out here ? JOHN the only thing I be afraid of be you break my heart . int . car - night kate , Beth and carrie be park in a car with the light out ; kate 's in the back and the other two be up front . carrie hold a camera to the window , recording John and Heather , as she listen to they through the headphone . carrie he 's good . kate you know , I be actually wonder about that . be he good ? you know . in bed . carrie do not ask I . they look at Beth . beth I have never ... ( what the hell ) yeah , he 's great . he 's really great . ( then ) not that I have anything to compare he to . I mean , he 's my only , of course . ( off they look ) well , one of a few . let 's just say I can count they on my finger . and the toe of one foot . hey , could we talk about one of you now ? kate ( to carrie ) so you never - ( continued ) 30 . continued : carrie nope , never . beth of course she have not . if she can not put it on a college application , why bother ? carrie laugh , push Beth . kate ( to carrie ) wait , so you have not with anyone ? beth ( to kate ) have you ? kate ( lie ) I ? of course . carrie well , I have not . kate can I change my answer ? beth I think everyone be sleep with he . I be such a slut . she hit the steering wheel in frustration - the horn beep . the girl all dive down in they seat , out of sight . beth ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be such a dumb slut . the girl laugh , shush each other , laugh some more . int . starbucks - day we four be gather , go over one of carrie 's large checklist . carrie this be go better than I think . we be have no trouble get video of he lie . heather yeah , I will say . the tough thing would be get he to tell the truth . ( continued ) 31 . continued : kate wait a second , that 's not a bad idea . we should get some tape of he with he friend , be himself . you know , for contrast . heather maybe this be crazy , but what if one of we snuck in the locker room ? I mean , it 's the one place that they know girl be not around . carrie ( immediately ) I 'il do it ! the other girl laugh at carrie 's eagerness . she blushes . carrie ( cont 'd ) I be just say , I think I have do a good job . I be the journalist here , I have do undercover stuff before - heather - I can not wait to see a room full of wet naked man flesh . they laugh at carrie again . carrie I do want to go , and not why you think . I mean , this be a amazing opportunity to see what guy really want . what they really think . come on , throughout history , no one 's understand they - I be about to get a glimpse into the heart of the male psyche . int . locker room - day the basketball team , include John , be gather in front of the locker . they be in a circle , and watch one player as he make a huge farting noise by use he hand in he armpit . everyone burst out laugh . jock # 1 dude , that be hilarious ! check this out . he make he own arm fart . everyone laugh again . this be high humor . int . locker - continuous carrie 's in a locker with a camera , recording all of this . she roll she eye . 32 . int . locker room - continuous more arm fart , more laughter . it 's like the algonquin round table . one of the guy rattles a locker door . jock # 2 stupid locker 's stick again . jock # 1 just use greg 's - he 's out today . he gesture at the locker directly behind he . int . locker - continuous carrie 's eye go wide - this be greg 's locker . she look around , but really , where be you go to hide in a locker ? int . locker room - continuous jock # 2 get to the locker and be just about to open it when : jock # 1 look mar , no hand ! he make the biggest farting noise of all - and have both he hand straight up in the air . he laugh - all the other guy make disgust noise and move away , include the jock who be just about to reveal carrie . int . locker - continuous carrie 's eye be water . she do not look too happy , consider she be just '' save . '' ext . JOHN 's house - backyard - night Beth and John be in he backyard , make out on a lounge chair next to the pool . he stand up , pick Beth up in he arm . she laugh and scream , not protest too much , as he carry she over to the pool . he toss she in - a second later she start scream in earnest , clutching she chest . beth ow ! what the !? Jesus ! she hop out of the pool and rip off she shirt , throw the camera hide there onto the ground . hidden camera Pov : John look straight into the camera . ( continued ) 33 . continued : JOHN what the ... beth ( 0.s. ) beeper ! it 's my beeper ! JOHN you keep you beeper in you bra ? and when do you start wear a bra , anyway ? pull back to reveal we be in : int . school newspaper office - day we four girl be watch the video on the computer monitor . Beth do not look happy , the other three be try to contain they laughter . beth that 's not even the worst part . I do not know if you have ever be shocked , but it make you really - a huge thump come from the monitor . the girl wince . beth ( cont ’d ) dizzy . kate do you think he buy the beeper story ? beth I have no idea . when I come to , he have leave I on my front porch . I think he think he have kill I . carrie always a gentleman . heather do we have enough stuff on tape ? beth I be not put that back on . kate the bra or the camera ? beth either . carrie I think we be good . 34 . int . lab - day student be just get to work . kate be at she station , start to measure chemical , when Scott walk up to she . scott kate , hey , you do not have a lab partner , do you ? kate well , you know , I come into the class late , and everyone be already pair up , so - scott I be not make fun of you , I be ask if you need a partner . mine get burn pretty bad in the last experiment , and he will not be back for awhile . kate before I say '' yes , '' how exactly do he get burn ? scott well , that 's open to interpretation . he say it be my fault , but I clearly say '' dear God ! run for you life ! '' kate sound like he fault . scott thank you . so what be we do ? kate let 's stay away from fire , what do you say ? ( hand he a vial ) why do not you measure five milliliter into that beaker . Scott do it , sloppily and quickly . kate look , frown . kate ( cont 'd ) you be not even close . scottt I be not ? kate you have get to get down at eye level , and wait until the bottom of the meniscus be at the line . ( continued ) 35 . continued : scott check you out . '' meniscus . '' if I would have know how smart you be , I would have set my last partner on fire week ago . kate do I say '' meniscus ? '' I mean wait until the curvy part be at the doodad . Scott laugh . scott much better . okay , I 'il try . Scott pour again , but carelessly splashes some on he pants . he start to freak , urgently whisper to kate : scott ( cont ’d ) I spill it ! what do I do ? what be it ? what be it ? kate it 's a sodium chloride suspension ! Scott start struggle with he belt , in a panic . scott sodium chloride ? it 's start to burn ! kate yeah , you know , saltwater ! Scott keep struggle , then realize . scott saltwater . kate you really need to crack a book . Scott buckle he belt , push kate , who laugh . he laugh back . while they have be talk , a eager freshman girl have be work the class , hand out something to all the student . she get to Scott and kate . freshman girl # 1 John tucker for president ! she move off . Scott and kate look down to find they be both hold campaign button . Scott put he on . kate give he a quizzical look . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) scott it 's ironic . and inevitable . ( in a trance ) resistance be futile . wear you button . kate I do not know . he just might lose . scott there 's a first time for everything . just not that . kate shrug - we will see . int . auditorium - day a plain look guy ( norman ) stand at the podium , finish up he speech . above he be a large screen - like a rock concert , a camera project he on the screen so that everyone get a good view . norman .+- so I would '' treasure '' the opportunity to be you '' treasurer . '' thank you . norman walk offstage to a smatter of applause as a teacher walk up to the podium . teacher all right , that be norman trent , run unoppose for treasurer . now we will hear from John tucker for President . the crowd go nut as John tucker walk up to the podium . he smile he win smile and wave , finally motion for everyone to quiet down . JOHN I be a man of action , not word . who want to listen to a long boring speech , anyway ? ( call offstage ) seriously , norman , it 's the same one every year . ( back to crowd ) anyway , I put together a little video to show you why I should be you President . Roll it . the auditorium light go down , and the video start play on the large screen above John 's head . montage : JOHN 's election video basketball court ( continued ) 37 . continued : John stand in uniform , hold a ball and look sincerely into the camera . JOHN I be John tucker . some of you know I as tucker , or tuck , or t-man or T -dog . I think you would like to know a little more about the man who 's go to be you next president . what quality make a good president ? besides great hair , of course . even on video , John know he audience : he pause for the laugh . once it die down : JOHN ( cont 'd ) well , first , I have have to say , loyalty . JOHN with beth shot surveillance camera style from a distance , so we can see who he 's talk to . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you know you be the only one for I , babe . JOHN with carrie same style shot , different location . JOHN ( cont 'd ) the only one for I . JOHN with heather JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be the only one for I . JOHN with guy John stand around with he friend in the locker room , obviously unaware that they be be record . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I ought to make they wear nametag , so I can keep they straight . the guy laugh . jock # 1 dude , you be funny . not as funny as - he give another arm fart . the guy laugh again . back to auditorium : ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) John look up at the video , obviously confuse . he look over to the control panel where the video be be run from , run he finger across he neck , signal to cut . over at the control panel , we see the a / V guy run it reach for the stop button . a hand grab he ; it 's carrie . carrie push that button and you be go to eat that tape deck . back to video : basketball court John continue he speech . JOHN after loyalty , I have have to say honesty . if you can not trust politician , who can you trust ? beth' Pov shot from Beth 's bra-cam . in all these Pov shot , John 's in different outfit , so we know he 's talk to different woman . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Friday ? yeah , I be cool Friday night . how about I pick you up at eleven . carrie 's Pov JOHN ( cont 'd ) Friday ? ooh , Friday 's not good . I be ... do some volunteer work at the animal shelter . poor little kitty . carrie ( 0.s. ) we can do it late . like eleven ? JOHN yeah , see , that 's when I be go . they have get plenty of people during the day , but they need someone at night , just to snuggle that little devil , and , you know , give they some milk from eyedropper . he wipe away a fake tear . heather 's Pov ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) JOHN ( cont 'd ) Friday . huh . yeah , the thing be , I have a game Saturday , so I promise myself I have do a thousand push -up at home Friday night , and then go to bed early . you would not want I to ... his gaze wander down into she cleavage , right into the camera . he stare appreciatively . heather ( 0.s. ) I would not want you to what ? JOHN oh , the hell with it . Friday 's cool . I have get to make a call . basketball court John wrap up the speech . JOHN ( cont 'd ) so , loyalty , honesty , and great hair . he run he hand through he hair . JOHN ( cont 'd ) check , check and check . I hope you have learn a little about the real John tucker . vote for I - it 's a slam dunk . John run and jump , but blow the slam , fall on he ass . JOHN ( cont 'd ) damn it ! all right , do not use that one . i’1l go again . end montage int . auditorium - continuous the video end , and the light come back up . the crowd , and John , be stunne . girl in audience bastard ! people boo and catcall . we four girl , spread out around the auditorium , catch each other 's eye and nod to each other . Mission accomplish . girl in audience jerk ! / get off the stage !/ what a loser ! ( continued ) 40 . continued : john' Pov John look into the audience , see angry face , see people laugh at he ... he worst nightmare . then he see the three girl who betrayed he , all beam . back to scene John swallow , he eye darting wildly , look like he actually might crack ... then he take a deep breath and step up to the mic . showtime . JOHN could we get the camera on ? John appear on the large screen above he head . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I would like to talk to the girl in the audience . ( to camera operator ) closer on my face , if you would not mind . the camera zoom in . John give that disarming smile that no mortal can resist . JOHN ( cont 'd ) lady . I have a problem , and I guess you all know about it now . I love too deeply . when I be with a girl , when I look into she eye , see who she really be ... I fall in love . I can not help it . I guess I ’ma romantic . we girl look around - the other girl in the audience be hypnotize by John 's big eye stare into theirs . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I know I look like a player , but the truth be , I mean every word I say to every one of that girl . the sad thing be , no matter how much I want it , I have not have that great love return yet . I have not find that one girl who be the only girl for I . I have not find that one person who I can give myself completely to , who I can tell my secret , who I can cry with , share my pain , hold , hug ... back in the audience , two female teacher be stand next to each other . they be as smitten as anyone . one lean over and whisper to the other : female teacher be he eighteen yet ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) JOHN so , as you can see , I keep look . and I promise you , I will find she . maybe it 's you . I do not know . but if it be , I be go to find you , and I be go to give you my heart to do with as you will . Girls be now cry . everyone in the entire place - except we girl - be convinced that they be the one . Heather lean over to Beth . heather he just seduce the entire school . beth he just seduce half the school . and Bill . angle on a boy who look just as smitten as the girl . heather yeah , I guess you be right . that speech be not exactly go to work on the rest of the guy . on stage , John motion for the cameraman to pull back . once he do . JOHN and guy , I have one question for you . who make the win basket that give we the state championship ?! the boy all erupt . boy in hall you do ! John tucker ! the girl join in , cheer . all John tucker for president ! John tucker for God ! John catch carrie 's eye , look straight at she . JOHN ( mouth to carrie ) thank you . carrie scream in frustration , pull out she notebook , and scribbles madly . 42 . int . lori 's bedroom - day lori be work out . kate come in and collapse on the bed as she mom finish up . lori so , how 's the big day go ? do you rid the world of John tucker once and for all ? kate not even close . he 's stronger than ever . lori how would that happen ? kate I do not know . he 's John tucker . it do not matter what he do , it 's how he look do it . I be so depressed . Change the subject to something good , will you ? lori I meet someone . kate ( groan ) I say something good . lori well , this might be good . he 's ... well , he 's a little different from most of the guy I have meet . kate different how ? lori do not be scared . he 's a lawyer , and he 's run for Mayor . I be volunteering on he campaign . kate ( sincerely impressed ) wow . lori I know - he 's not a drummer , and as far as I can tell , he 's not in rehab . kate I love this guy ! lori smile , keep work out . 43. int . parking lot - day Heather arrive in she car , climb out , notice that carrie also just arrive . they lock eye for a moment , but do not talk . Beth be they turn and head for school when kate run up . kate hey , there you guy be . I try to call everyone , but I guess I miss you . how you do ? carrie how do you think ? we blow it . we have one shot at he , and we blow it . heather he 's more popular than ever , and now none of we get he . kate so now what ? carrie it 's over . we stop hang out together , we go back to we own little group and watch John date he way through the rest of the cheerleader . heather hey . carrie it be a compliment . heather it do not sound like one . beth ( 0.s. ) Heather ! carrie ! kate ! run across the parking lot . beth ( cont ’d ) good . we be all here . I figure it out . carrie what , that video thing do not look like it 's go to work out after all ? beth no , that we have be go about it wrong . I be home last night , cry and stuff my face - ( continued ) continued : heather tell I about it . I can not eat again until June . beth and I think , '' I can not believe it . I let this guy break my heart twice . '' and that 's when it hit I . we have be try to humiliate he , and maybe that 's 1l never work . but we never do the most obvious thing . we have to do to he what he do to girl . we have to break he heart . carrie that 's great in theory , but how ? heather I do not think he have a heart to break . beth come on , we know everything about he . we know he strength and he weakness , we know how he operate , we know what he think ... what if we use all of that to make he fall in love , really fall in love , and then break he ? maybe we can not make it so that other woman will not want to date he , but we can make it so that he will not want to date anyone else . the girl be take in by she passion , but ... carrie how ? he know we all go after he with the video . he ’1ll never trust we again - he hate all of we . beth not all of we . Beth turn to kate . Heather and carrie also turn to kate . kate you want I to ... no . no way . carrie this be really smart . beth thank you . heather she 's a blank slate - we can make she into anything . 44 , ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) kate guy , hold on . it 's a great idea , but I be not the person to do it . beth why not ? kate I do not like he . I do not like anyone like he . he 's a shallow , manipulative jerk .. let I ask you - would any of you want to date he now , know everything you know ? the girl think it over . heather well ... carrie probably not ... beth do you really think he have go out with I ? ( off they look ) definitely not . kate so why should I ? beth look , you will not really be dating he . you will be pretend . kate I be not that good a actress . sorry . the girl 's passion fade . heather yeah , you be right . it probably would not work . carrie ( to Beth ) it be a good idea . beth whatever . all right . the girl all turn and walk away . kate hey , carrie , could I catch a ride after school ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 3 ) carrie ( without look back ) I have get some errand to run . kate Beth ? Beth do not even bother answer . kate stand very , very alone , watch the three girl walk away . she sigh . kate ( cont 'd ) I will do it . the girl stop , look back . kate ( cont 'd ) just tell I what to do . the girl excitedly regather . heather well , if there 's one thing John can not resist , it 's smash CUT to : int . gym - day Heather stand in a cheerleader outfit , awkwardly hold she pompom . kate ( v.o. ) a cheerleader . I always think it be pretty lame , but I have get to admit ... I look hot . kate be stand in front of all the other cheerleader , Heather by she side . heather this be kate . she will be take Nancy 's spot . a girl sit in the stand with she leg in a cast look up , shocked . nancy what ? heather you have get that bum leg ... sorry . ( continued ) 47 . continued : nancy it 's just a sprain ... the doctor say I will be better in a week . heather maybe next year . okay , pyramid . Nancy sit back down . all the girl start to form a pyramid with well - rehearse precision . kate watch , impressed , as Heather motion to kate . heather ( cont 'd ) all right , kate , you be on top . kate I 's will pass . I get dizzy in high heel . heather trust I , this be a honor . Molly 's be wait for three year to get up there . Heather point to Molly , on the bottom , strain under the weight over she , a hand in she face . molly ( force smile ) someday . Heather boost kate up . kate what if I pass out and fall ? heather that 's what the mat be for . come on , you be almost there ... kate climb up , look a little unsteady , but finally get to the top . she smile - this be pretty cool . heather ( cont 'd ) see , you be fine . kate yeah , I guess I be . go gladiator ! kate 's beam , on top of the world . she throw she arm up in the air , and immediately fall off the top of the pyramid . luckily , she landing be cushion - by Molly 's head . Molly collapse . kate ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry , Molly ! be you okay ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) molly yeah , I be - with Molly get knock down , the pyramid be unstable . Molly look up just in time to see all the girl above she come crash down on top of she . she 's bury . from the audience , the girl with she leg in a cast , Nancy , speak up . nancy I think I 'il be better before Molly be . int . hallway - later kate 's at she locker , still in she cheerleader outfit . boy pass , look at she appreciatively ; girl pass , look at she jealously . Heather nudge she , point down the hall : John be approach with a couple of other guy . Heather walk up to meet he . JOHN Heather . hot as always . what do you say we forget about the whole '' I try to destroy you and fail thing '' and give it another go ? heather let I get back to you on that . JOHN come on . I may have stray , but you know you be the most beautiful girl I have ever - John 's radar go off as see kate over Heather 's shoulder . JOHN ( cont 'd ) who 's the new cheerleader ? heather kate . John look she up and down with he expert eye . JOHN cute . heather we make she a cheerleader , do not we ? but I would not bother . I hear she 's still dating someone from back home , some star football player or something . JOHN you do not say . all right , see ya . ( continued ) continued : John give kate one more look , then head off . kate join Heather . kate that 's it ? heather just plant the seed . kate do he say anything about I ? heather '' cute . '' kate really ? he say that ? do he say anything else ? should I go talk to he ? ( off Heather 's look ) what ? int . girl 's bathroom - day the four girl be gather . heather emergency meeting . I think we be send kate in before she 's ready . kate I be totally ready . heather you be not exactly play hard to get . kate oh , come on . I do not want anything to do with he . I be not hard to get , I be impossible to get . heather really . tell they what John say about you . kate what , about I be cute ? oh , come on . it be just a comment . I totally do not care . if anything , it 's a insult . I know he 's just get ready to use I . the other girl look at each other - they be not so sure . carrie kate , you know the John tucker of the world pretty well . 49 . ( continued ) 50 . continued : kate I have be watch they operate at a million school , and my mom 's date a million and one of they . carrie now , do not take this the wrong way , but have one of they ever hit on you ? kate not really , no . wait - one of my mom 's boyfriend make a pass at I , but it never work out , with he go to jail and all . beth John 's a artist . he 's the best at what he do . you just see he seduce a auditorium full of girl - how do you think it 's go to be when he focus all of that charm on you ? this hit home . kate 's eye go wide - she start to realize she might not be as ready as she think she be . carrie you can do this , but you have to be careful . kate , John 's a athlete . he like competition . he want to win , not just have he victory hand to he . if you blush and pass out when he wink at you , he 's go to lose interest . heather exactly . so you have get to make he chase you . if it 's too easy , he ’1ll move on . do you understand ? kate absolutely . I really do . I have get it under control . beth he really call you cute ? kate yeah , that 's what Heather - ( catch herself ) damn it . the girl laugh . carrie look , it 's not that hard . just do not be eager . when he say something , count to three in you head before you answer . ( more ) ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie ( cont 'd ) do not show any interest in he . do not even look at he too much . do not touch he , not even he hand . get it ? kate do not answer . carrie ( cont 'd ) I say , do you have it ? kate I be count to three . heather not that slowly . we do not want he to think you be deaf . kate all right , he 's notice I , now how do we know he 'il take the bait ? heather he will . I know John , I know cheerleader , I know John and cheerleader . kate shrug - they will see . everyone head out . int . hallway - later we be outside a classroom . the bell ring and the door open ; Heather and kate come out to find John stand right there , wait . JOHN we just keep bump into each other . I think it 's fate . Heather wink at kate , walk off . kate count to three , then : kate what 's up ? JOHN as the president of the school welcome wagon , it 's my official responsibility to invite you to dinner Friday night . kate that 's mighty welcoming , but I be go to have to take a pass . John look stunne . this do not happen . JOHN you busy , or ... ( continued ) 52 . continued : kate sure , I be busy . Nice meeting you , John . kate walk off . once John can not see she , she break out into a smile , obviously pleased with herself . a pass Beth whacks she with a book and glare at she - kate curse herself silently and stop smile . int . lab - later Scott 's work at he station - flame suddenly shoot three foot out of he bunsen burner . he grab at the gas , turn it off . kate enter the room in she cheer uniform and cross to join he . he look up , surprised . scott huh . kate what ? scott nothing , it 's just , you be on the track team ... I think you be a athlete , not a cheerleader . kate what , you do not think cheer be athletic ? I have to kick my leg in the air four time today . she do half a kick to illustrate . Scott laugh . scott Nice , but I do not think it really qualify as a sport . if I can do it - he kick he leg in the air , promptly knock over a row of beaker , smash they . kate ( laugh ) impressive . we be look for a male cheerleader , if you be interested . as Scott clean up : scott you know , I never see you out . kate out where ? ( continued ) 53 . continued : scott at party , around ... I know you be new . if you be interested , I could let you know when something 's go on . kate that would be great . scott actually , there 's a party this weekend . I could tell you where it be . kate I would love that . scott or I could , you know , pick you up . kate wait , be you ask I out ? scott no , I be just not good at direction . give they or follow they . so I just think it would be easier to pick you up . there 's a commotion at the door - kate look to see a boy enter the room , carry flower . he go up to the teacher . scott ( cont ’d ) I mean , if you want I to ask you out , I suppose it could be that , too . I do not want to compromise we great work relationship as lab partner , but - kate do not hear , distract by the scene at the door . kate I be sorry , what ? scott oh , I be just say - the teacher point at the door . teacher no , you can not interrupt my class . where be you suppose to be ? freshman boy # 1 I have just get to drop this off . the freshman walk over to kate , hand she the flower , head out . everyone be stare at kate , who 's blush . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) teacher okay , if we could get back to ... the door open , another boy enter , with more flower . he cross to kate , hand they over . teacher ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? you can not just come in here . freshman boy # 2 sorry . he run out . the door open a second later , another boy , more flower . he cross to kate and drop they off . we follow this boy out into : int . hallway - continuous at least a dozen boy be line up in the hall , all hold bouquet . at the end of the line be a kid in a gorilla suit , also hold flower . int . bathroom - later kate be in the bathroom with she three friend . despite herself , kate 's a little excited . kate do you see all the flower ? heather classic tucker . kate and the sing telegram ? not that I care , but no one 's ever do anything like that for I . carrie wait until the picnic on he family 's boat . kate which I totally will not be impressed by . ( then ) how big be it ? heather you could land a helicopter on it . beth yeah , it 's almost as big as he ... ( the other girl look at she ) vacation house . what ? I think about thing other than sex . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . continued : beth ( cont 'd ) ( chuckle to herself ) although we do have some awesome sex in that vacation house . and the greenhouse . and the - kate well , no matter how big anything of John 's be , I promise not to be impressed . carrie that ' 11 throw he . he will not know what to do . heather this be actually work . we be play he game , and we be go to win . ( to kate ) you be go to be the girl who make John tucker fall in love . you be go to be a legend . kate look at she friend , all look to she with respect . it 's she , ext . the first time something like this have ever happen to and she like it . outside school - later student be head out of the building at the end of the day . Scott , John and some of he jock friend be hang out by the door . John turn to Scott . JOHN you know that new girl , kate ? scott she 's not you type . JOHN girl be my type . well , except for the uggos . scott well , then , you be definitely not hers . she listen to elvis costello , she read salinger for fun , not for class ... she would see through you in a second . JOHN you be sell I short . I can pretend to be deep when I need to . Scott just shake he head as Heather , kate and a couple of other cheerleader exit the school . John raise he shade and nod to kate . ( continued ) 56 . continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) hey , kate , you get the flower ? kate ( without stop ) I do not know what to do with they , so I send they over to the nursing home . my grandma and she friend flip , thanks . kate smile and disappear towards the parking lot . John scowl - why be not this work ? scott maybe if we head down to the nursing home , you have have a chance with she grandma . John chuckle , which the other guy take as they cue that it 's okay to laugh along . JOHN I be glad she 's play hard to get . the local girl have be so easy for so long , I would almost forget how to do this . angle on : two geeky freshman girl , take in the scene . then they turn and watch kate as she walk away . freshman girl # 1 ( awed ) I can not believe she . if John tucker give I flower , I would go out with he ina second . freshman girl # 2 if John tucker give I gum , I would have he baby . int . high school gym - night another basketball game -- we pan slowly across the crowd , see all the same kid we see in the open scene . everyone yell and applaud , and off screen , we hear the cheerleader . cheerleader ( 0.s. ) gla ! di! a! tor ! gla ! di! angle on : kate , in she cheer outfit . kate a-tor ! ( continued ) 57 . continued : wide to reveal all the cheerleader , clap and kick . the referee blow the whistle and both team head from the sideline back onto the floor . kate edge over to Heather so they can speak privately . kate 's back be to the game . kate ( cont 'd ) I do not think we plan be work . heather relax . kate I screw it up . he have not look at I since I turn he down the other day . heather kate , I promise this will work . kate how do you know ? Heather point over kate 's shoulder . kate turn to find John stand next to she , dribble the ball . JOHN kate Spencer . how ya doin 's ? John 's near mid-court -- under the basket , the game be still go on . all four of he teammate be shouting for the ball , and the defender be look on , confuse . every other eye in the gym be on kate . kate Fine . how about you ? JOHN not so good . I like this girl , but I do not think she know I exist . the gym be go nut . the shot clock be wind down . 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... ; John 's teammate be panic , clap they hand to get he attention ; and he coach be turn red , he 's so furious . coach shoot the ball ! JOHN Excuse I . John turn , shoot from thirty five foot away , swishes it . he turn back to kate . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) JOHN ( cont 'd ) so , what do you say ? there 's a party over at Dan 's house , and I be think - kate uh , John ? the other team inbound the ball and start sprinting up the court . John stick out he arm and clothesline the player with the ball -- he hit the ground hard . the ref blow the whistle for a foul . the coach run over to John , yell the whole way . coach what be you do ?! why have you foul he ? JOHN to ask kate out . the coach take a deep breath , try to keep from strangling John . he glare at kate . coach well ? the entire gym be hang on she answer . kate ( casual , to coach ) if it will make he play , fine . everyone erupt in applause . int . kate 's bedroom - night kate 's sit in a chair wear a robe , as the other three girl all hover around she . Heather 's put she hair in curler , Beth be painting she toenail , and carrie 's read from the school paper . carrie what k.s. be take the school by storm , capture the attention of the school 's biggest prize , j.t .? kate I do not know . ( then ) wait , that be I ? I be the k.s. take the school by storm ? carrie I could not write it if it be not true . ( continued ) 59 . continued : heather so , do you think you be ready for John ? kate ( totally confident ) sure thing . play hard to get , count to three , get it . beth um , that 's when you be play hard to get . he 's get you . you be go out . kate so I ... count to ... four ? oh my god ! I have no idea ! I be panic ! I be go out tonight and I have no idea what to do ! heather should I slap she ? beth you be with three girl who know how he operate . you be go to be fine . the trick be to just keep he off balance . carrie yes , exactly . once he figure you out , you be toast . so keep he guess . heather lie , evade , ignore . carrie or ... just be mysterious . beth you get it ? kate ( nod , then ) no. carrie let 's try this . I be John , you be kate . heather hey , I want to be John . carrie look , it be my idea . beth so now we be fight about which one of we be John ? this be stupid . i’11 be John . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) the other two open they mouth to object ; Beth just plunge ahead . beth ( cont ’d ) ( as John ) hey , baby , how you doin 's ? heather ( mutter ) . do not sound anything like he . beth shh. ( as John ) I say , how you doin 's ? kate oh , I do not know . carrie good . kate how be you ? heather no ! kate no ? heather do not be interested in he . who care about he ? it 's all about you . beth ( as John ) wanna catch a movie ? kate I could . heather Nah . still too interested . kate ( sarcastic ) maybe I should just grunt . beth not bad . try it . kate make a noncommittal noise . the girl nod . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 3 ) carrie Nice . beth ( as John ) what do you want to see ? kate I do not know , you want to catch the new Brad Pitt movie ? the girl shake they head . carrie he 's not in control . you be in control . heather but do not let he know what you really want . beth but it be good that you mention someone better look at he . carrie right . so better , but still lousy . okay , try again . beth ( as John ) so , what do you want to see ? kate think , try to come up with the perfect answer . finally , in a small voice : kate what do you think I want to see ? and do not be wrong . the girl clap . not bad . kate collapse back on the bed , relieved . int . BMW - night John be drive kate in he car . JOHN so tell I about you . kate what do you want to know ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : JOHN everything . who do you listen to , what 's you favorite tv show , what 's you favorite color ... who be you ? what do you like ? kate you think I be just go to spit it all out like that ? you be go to have to work to get to know I . JOHN ( laugh ) you be impressive . kate ( too eager ) really ? ( catch herself , deadpan ) really . John reach across kate , open he glove box , flip through a stack of CD . he take he time choose , finally find the perfect one . he slip it in - it 's elvis costello 's '' uncomplicate . '' not a hit that everyone would know , but not so obscure that a fan would not love it . he start sing along . surprisingly , he 's a great singer , and he 's obviously be practice this song . kate be surprised , after a few line , she interrupt he . kate ( cont 'd ) you like elvis costello ? JOHN if you tell I you do not , I be kick you out of the car right now . kate no , I love he . I mean , he 's all right . I guess . ( then ) you know , you be actually a really good singer . JOHN I be all right . kate I be serious , you have get a great voice . have you ever think about go out for a musical or something ? John laugh . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) kate ( cont 'd ) what 's so funny ? JOHN '' Oklahoma - star John tucker ! '' kate laugh . kate okay , so maybe the school 's not ready for that . kate shake she head and look out the window so John can not see she smile . he may be a asshole , but he 's a charming asshole . ext . front yard - night kid be stream in and out of a house mid-party - music be blast , every light be on , beer bottle be littering the yard . John 's BMW pull up , drive right onto the lawn . int . house - night kate walk into the party on John 's arm . they move through the crowd , everyone smile and greeting kate by name . party goer hey , kate . / kate , how ya do ? / look good , kate . / great dress , kate. / kate , hi , it 's Becky . from trig ? JOHN ( to kate ) look like I be dating the most popular girl in school . kate lucky you . int . hallway - later kate stand next to another girl , wait to go into the bathroom . carrie walk up , get in line . the bathroom empty ; the girl in front of kate go in , leave kate and carrie alone . they immediately talk in conspiratorial whisper without look at each other , in case anyone be watch . carrie you have totally get he . he can not keep he eye off you , he get paranoid any time another guy even get near you ... ( continued ) 64 . continued : kate I think you be exaggerate a little . they stop talk as the two freshman girl walk up to kate . they giggle and push each other . finally one of they talk . freshman girl # 1 I hear you get bust smoking pot with Christina aguilera , and that 's why you have to leave California . kate wow . freshman girl # 2 be you really a Kennedy ? kate ( laugh ) no , sorry . the bathroom empty , kate go in . carrie whisper to the freshmen . carrie totally a Kennedy . change she name so she could try to live in peace . the girl gasp . int . live room - later kate finish the drink in she hand , look around for somewhere to set it down . from behind she : scott ( 0.s. ) freshen that drink up for you , mar ’am ? kate oh , could you , it 's - she turn and see it 's Scott . kate ( cont 'd ) hey , lab partner ! scott just when I say I never see you , here you be . I think you do not get out . kate I always get out , I guess I just be not get out to the place that you be , so now we be both out ... here ... ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . continued : kate ( cont 'd ) ( realize this make no sense ) maybe I should not have another drink . scott what be you drink ? kate diet Coke . he laugh . scott who be you here with ? kate you do not know ? scott should I ? be it someone famous ? kate no , of course not . that be stupid . it 's just , uh - John walk up , put he arm around kate . Scott raise a eyebrow at kate . this be a surprise . JOHN hey , baby brother . dad tell I to make sure you get home by midnight . scott hey , big brother . dad tell I you be adopt . John laugh and walk away with kate , who look over she shoulder and smile at Scott . once she 's go , Scott shake he head in disbelief . int . live room - later the party 's break up - the music 's off , everyone be head out . John and one of he buddy be head for the door , carry another guy , who 's either drunk or dead . John call out to kate , who 's sit with Heather . JOHN let I just dump howie in the bush , and we will go . kate okay . kate and Heather watch they lug they friend out , bang he into every piece of furniture along the way . ( continued ) 66 . continued : kate ( cont 'd ) time for the ride home . I guess this be where he make he move , huh ? heather oh no . he 'il be a total gentleman on the first date . kate good , that make it easier . heather it 's all part of he plan . ( imitate John ) '' I be totally attract to you , but I do not want to screw up what we have by ... '' ( light bulb ) I have get it . kate what ? heather oh , this will work . be you a good kisser ? kate I do not know . how do anyone know ? heather do guy tell you you be a good kisser ? kate ( think , then ) oh my god , I be a bad kisser ! heather look , this be not hard . I be go to teach you everything you need to know about kissing . kate right now ? heather we do not have a lot of time . pay attention . Heather and kate notice that a young freshman boy be stand there , listen to they . he 's in a trance . freshman at party go ahead . kiss she . do not let I get in you way . kiss she right here . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) Heather roll she eye , put she hand on he face , and push he backwards . he crash to the floor . int . BMW - later John pull up in front of kate 's house . he turn off the car , turn to she . JOHN this be go to sound like such a line , but I have get to say it . you be the most beautiful girl at that party tonight . kate you be sweet . JOHN normally I have be all over you . but I be not go to do that , because I do not want to risk what we have by move too fast . John take she hand tenderly , kiss she on the cheek . JOHN ( cont 'd ) let I walk you to the door . when John turn to open he door , kate grab he shirt and pull he back , go in to kiss he hard . she misjudge , end up bang into he . kate ( rub she head ) ow ! JOHN you okay ? kate yeah , I be fine . my vision 's a little blurry , but I be fine . okay , do not move . she go in , slower this time , and kiss he . he 's catch off guard , let she kiss he . she run she hand through he hair , really mess it up . John relax , start get into it , run he hand up and down she back . finally he start to creep he hand around to the front - two inch before he get we a R rating , she pull back , offended . kate ( cont 'd ) what do you think you be do ? ( continued ) 68 . continued : JOHN ( flustered ) sorry , it 's just , you - kate do not worry about it . I have a great night . she kiss he one more time , then open she door and get out . he watch she go , he hair stand straight up from kate mess it up . he 's in a daze - what the hell just happen ? kate walk up to the house as John watch from the car . she do not look back as she enter she house . int . kate 's house - live room - continuous kate come in the front door , close it , smile a satisfied smile . her mom come into the room . lori here she be , back from she big date . how would it go ? kate it 's not really a date , mom . I do not like he . lori right . lori have something to say , but be not sure she should . she start , stop , start again . lori ( cont 'd ) listen , honey , I be not sure this be a good idea . kate Excuse I ? lori pretend you like a guy ... I do not want to see you get hurt . kate I be not go to get hurt . he be . ( then ) look , I be do this for my friend . I be popular , I be have fun , they be be great to I ... this be important to they , so it 's important to I . okay ? lori well , look , my advice be to not do this . ( continued ) 69 . continued : kate ( carefully ) Mom , I do not really need you advice . lori that 's what mom do . kate no , mom give advice about thing that they know about . lori 's hurt . kate see she 's go too far . kate ( cont 'd ) Mom , what I mean to say be I love you , and there be a ton of thing I have come to you for advice about , just not this . you have to admit that you have have you share of trouble with guy like John tucker , so you might not be too objective , all right ? lori Fair enough . okay . lori hug kate . she pastes a smile on she face , but it 's clear she 's still wounded . int . hallway - day the bell ring ; class empty into the hall . kate walk out of a room as John walk up , put he arm around kate . JOHN so , I be think that I 'il swing by you house around eight . kate ooh , I have love to go out , but I have plan . JOHN what 's go on ? kate just stuff . John 's a little put-off - have he lose it ? JOHN well , if you finish you stuff , give I a call . kate i’1l put you on my list . ( continued ) 70 . continued : kate kiss John on the cheek , and walk over to she locker . John watch she go , then laugh confidently , just in case anyone 's watch . Beth be stand at a locker near kate 's - once John walk out of earshot , they talk . beth you be get so good at this . I be go to do this to the next guy I date . kate no you be not , you big slut . beth ( laugh ) you be right . int . kate 's bedroom - night all the light be out in kate 's room - the only illumination come from a pair of flashlight that kate and carrie be hold . the girl be on kate 's bed , play Monopoly . kate I never realize be popular could be so boring . carrie it could be worse , you could be drive around the block all night stare at a dark window . she look at she watch . carrie ( cont 'd ) time ! kate and carrie turn off they flashlight and crawl over to the window . the shade be down ; they pull it up a few inch and peek out . down on the street , John 's car slowly drive by . John 's face be visible in the window , stare up at kate 's house . the girl back away from the window . carrie pull out she notebook , turn on she flashlight and start write . carrie ( cont 'd ) like clockwork . carrie look at she watch again . carrie ( cont 'd ) let I comb my hair and brush my tooth , and we will get some sleep . ( continued ) 71 . continued : kate please tell I that 's not on you schedule . carrie look embarrassed , close she notebook . it clearly be on she schedule . carrie of course not . I be not crazy . carrie tuck the notebook safely under a pillow , start out of the room , come back , take the notebook with she and leave . kate laugh . dissolve to : int . kate 's bedroom - later that night kate and carrie be asleep and the light be out . there 's a beep - carrie sit upright , press a button on she watch , turn off the alarm . she reach over and turn on the light , lie back down . kate you think he 's still watch ? the phone ring . kate reach for it , carrie catch she . carrie remember , four ring . kate nod , count , pick up the phone . kate hello ? intercut with : int . JOHN 's car - continuous John 's in he car , talk on a cell phone . JOHN oh , hey , kate ? kate who 's this ? JOHN it 's I . ( then ) John . kate oh , hey . I just get in . what 's up ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : JOHN I be just about to leave this party , and I think '' you know what ? I have not see kate all night . I wonder how she 's do . '' kate I be do fine . how about you ? you have a good night ? JOHN sure , do you ? kate busy , but good . John wait , but there 's no more information forthcoming . JOHN well , as long as I have you , do you figure out if you be do anything Saturday ? kate oooh ... I think I be book . JOHN that 's cool . kate listen , it 's not a date , if you be worried - now that he know it 's not a date , John relax greatly . JOHN hey , until I put a ring on you finger , I can not tell you what to do . kate you think once a man get marry , he can tell he wife what to do ? JOHN no , I be just say , uh ... so , what be you do ? kate I be actually go to be help my mom out on that campaign I be tell you about . you can stop by , if you want . JOHN no no , you do you thing . I do not want to crowd you . if you change you mind , give I acall . if not , I 'il catch you Monday . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) kate sure thing . ( then ) oh , crap . JOHN what 's the matter ? kate oh , nothing . my mom 's be say there 's some perv check out we house all night , and I think I see he . JOHN ( try to play it cool ) want I to cruise by and check it out ? kate look out she window . kate Nah , I 'il just call the cop . kate Pov John 's car speed away . int . JOHN 's car - continuous John take a corner , phone clutch against he shoulder . JOHN all right , then , I 'il - the phone fly away , crash onto the floor . he reach down to get it , the car swerving crazily . he hit a mailbox before he manage to get the phone and the car under control : JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay , talk to you later . John hang up , drive off , look back nervously . int . kate 's bedroom - continuous kate hang up . she and carrie burst out laugh . int . scott 's bedroom - night Scott 's asleep in he room . John throw the door open , turn on the light and stomp over to Scott 's bed . JOHN you up ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : Scott do not move , so John shake he . Scott blink out of a dead sleep , very confuse . scott what be you do here ? JOHN hey , can not a guy talk to he brother ? scott not if the guy 's you , and not now . John sit down , pick up a guitar , start noodle on it as he and Scott talk . scott ( cont ’d ) Fine . how 's life , John ? JOHN great , as always . how about you ? scott trouble sleep , aside from that , okay . JOHN cool . hey , what be you do tomorrow ? scott please tell I you do not want to go fishing and bond or something . wait a second - do you have some incurable disease ? JOHN dude , you be so suspicious . ( then ) hey , if you be not do anything tomorrow , you mind do I a favor ? scottt I will do it . JOHN do not you want to know what it be ? scottt no , I want you to go away . JOHN I want you to help I with a girl . scott if I be go to help you with anything , it would not be seduce some poor girl . whoever she be , she 's better off without you . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) JOHN whatever . I hope you never need a favor from I . scott I will not . John put down the guitar and start to leave . Scott suddenly sit up . scott ( cont ’d ) wait a second , kate Spencer ? JOHN yeah , why ? scott what do you want I to do ? JOHN I want you to go to some political thing that she 's suppose to be at , make sure she 's there , keep a eye on she . scott Fine , I x11 do it . JOHN okay ... why ? scott what be this , twenty question ? do you want my help or not ? JOHN yeah , sure . I owe you one . John leave the room . int . campaign headquarters - day the nerve center of the campaign be basically a sparsely furnish office space with '' valetta for Mayor '' banner and poster with the candidate 's grin face . volunteer work the phone and stuff envelope . kate be here - she 's lick , fold and stamp with the best of they . her mom come up with the candidate himself . lori kate , I have like you to meet sal valetta . kate it 's a pleasure to meet - ( continued ) 76 . continued : kate look up , smile , then blink in disbelief . kate 's Pov behind sal 's shoulder be one of he poster . kate stare at it , then the real thing come into focus - a perfect match , except that in real life he ear stick out so far , they look like they be come after you . it 's truly disturbing - kate look back and forth between the photo and the man . back to scene sal turn around , see the photo and chuckle . sal I know . I still can not get use to have big sal stare at I , either . kate ( carefully choose she word ) it 's a very good picture . sal just between we ? good lighting and a lot of makeup . kate laugh politely . someone tap sal on the shoulder ; he turn away from kate to talk to they . lori so , what do you think ? kate he seem great , mom , really ... lori handsome ? kate no , not that . lori laugh . kate ( cont 'd ) but that 's good . it 's different . lori very . hey , that guy over there be wave at you . lori point - kate turn and see Scott . kate Scott ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) lori who ? kate it 's John 's brother . Scott ! Scott cross over . scott hey , kate . kate what be you do here ? scott I be here to volunteer . lori clear she throat . kate sorry . Scott , this be my mom . scott Nice to meet you . Scott politely shake she hand , turn back to kate . scott ( cont 'd ) so where 's the candidate ? kate point - Scott see sal . scott ( cont 'd ) Holy crap ! ( quickly recover ) I have never see a real candidate before ! kate grab Scott 's hand and pull he away . they move as fast as they can , try not to look at each other , because every time they do , they laugh . finally , when they be a safe distance away : kate so , what be you do here ? scott what be you do here ? I be always volunteering for political campaign . ( off she look ) all right , John send I . it 's he way of keep a eye on you without make it look like he 's keep a eye on you . I be suppose to play it cool , make sure you be actually here , not give anything away . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 3 ) kate you be like the worst spy in the world . scott or be I the best spy in the world ? kate shake she head , pull Scott through the crowd . int . campaign headquarters - later kate and Scott sit across from each other at a table , lick envelope . Scott nod at one of the poster . scott I hope this guy do not make any speech outside . you know , a gust of wind come up and suddenly ... Scott mime sal fly away as he ear catch the wind . kate I see he trip once - it take three minute to hit the ground . Scott lower he voice and point across the room . scott I have be careful . he 's only forty foot away - I be sure he can hear you . kate hear I ? he can take my pulse . across the room , sal see kate and Scott look over , smile and give a big thumb -up . they wave back . kate ( cont 'd ) oh my god , I think you be right . at least , kate try to say that , but all the glue from lick the envelope mess up she speech , and what she really say be : kate ( cont 'd ) oh my gob , I think you bere ribe . scott ( laugh , teasing she ) Excuse meeb ? kate I thing my tonbue be tuck . ( continued ) 79 . continued : scott it 's almost like you tongue be stick . kate stob it ! scott stob it ribe now ? kate 's laugh so hard she almost fall out of she chair . after she calm down a bit : scott ( cont ’d ) listen , I have get to ask you something . why be you go out with my brother ? kate stop laugh completely , take a sip of a soda to clean off she tongue . kate ( try to be casual ) why do you ask ? scott the first time I see you , you do not seem too impressed by he . kate you know what they say about first impression . scott that they be always right ? kate be that what they say ? I have be use that say wrong for a long time . scott you just seem like the kind of girl who would not go for he . ( shrug ) I suppose I should not be surprised . everyone date my brother . ( quickly ) but I be sure you will be the last . I be sure you be the one . hey , this envelope be not go to lick themselves . Scott busy himself with a envelope . kate join he . 80 . ext . outside expensive restaurant - night John 's BMW pull up in front of the restaurant . as John get out of the car , a valet walk up to the passenger door , but John wave he off and open the door himself , give kate he hand and help she out of the car . kate ( v.o. ) so , I finally let John take I to dinner . I have get to be honest - I know it 's a act , but John tucker make you feel like the only woman in the world . as John and kate enter the restaurant , kate discover that ... int . expensive restaurant - sunset ...- they be the only people there . one table be set - it 's in the window overlook a lake . every other table be cover with candle , which provide the only light in the place . it 's breathtaking . dissolve to : int . expensive restaurant - later they be seat at they table , as four waiter come out from the kitchen - two pick up they salad plate , then the other two set down the next course , all perfectly synchronize . kate ( v.o . ) he rent out the best restaurant in the city just for we . complete with entertainment . Three man come out , dress up like a barbershop quartet , except , well , there be three of they . they begin sing . barbershop trio kate , kate , kate ... John slide in front of they on he knee , provide the miss voice . JOHN kate . they sing as kate laugh . kate ( v.o. ) after that , we go for a little ride ... 81 . ext . road - day kate and John sit next to each other in a horse draw carriage , blanket over they , sip out of mug . kate ( v.o. ) taxis be so gauche , do not you think ? I be travel everywhere in one of this from now on . ext . yacht - night John and kate sit on the deck of John 's family yacht . kate look over the rail as the ship cruise along , the star lighting they way . JOHN it 's so great you run track . do you know that woman who compete in sport be seventy five percent less likely to be the victim of abuse ? kate laugh . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what ? kate do you ever turn it off ? JOHN ( extra suave ) turn what off , my dear ? kate okay , I guess you do not . JOHN no , seriously , what do you mean ? kate seriously , do you ever take a break and just be John tucker ? JOHN this be John tucker . kate no , that 's John tucker , try to impress kate Spencer by talk about how great woman 's track be . what do you want to talk about ? what do you really care about ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : JOHN well , I love basketball ... hey , speak of that , there 's a away game come up . we will be out of town , maybe we can spend a little time together ... kate quit change the subject . what do you care about , besides basketball ? JOHN I do not know . no one 's ever ask I that before . John think , laugh . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I do not even know if I love basketball . my dad teach I how to play when I be like three , and I have just do it . huh. ( then ) would you still like I if I do not play basketball ? kate ( uncomfortable ) there 's a lot more to you than basketball . JOHN well , you have say that , because you be different than most girl . most girl want to be with I because of what I be , not who I be . everyone think it 's one sided - John tucker only date the hot chick . but a lot of that girl only date the stud athlete , or the rich guy ... ( then , light bulb ) you know , there be one thing I love besides basketball . it 's kind of stupid and embarrassing . kate no , go ahead . JOHN we actually talk about it before ... I wish I be brave enough step up on a stage and perform . I do not think anything would make I happier than to look down , connect with my audience , and just ... he stare into kate 's eye and begin sing : JOHN ( cont 'd ) voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir ? ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) John can not help it - he 's back in seducer mode . kate bust out laugh . int . gym - night the cheerleader be stand on the sideline of a different gym - they be the visit team - as the game be go on . up in the stand , carrie and Beth sit together , take it in . a boy sit in the stand get up to ask kate a question , and kate lean close so she can hear he . on court , John notice , can not look away , and trip and fall on he face . beth God , be he ever that infatuated with any of we ? carrie of course not . he be always in charge . it be always we fall over we foot . they take this in for a moment . beth how far do you think we can push he ? carrie I think it 's time to find out . carrie pull out she notebook , review the well - wear page with the plan on it . carrie ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' make kate date bait . '' done . beth do they have to rhyme ? carrie no , it 's just nice when they do . ( read ) '' play hard to get ... '' '' make he chase ... '' '' do not follow Beth 's lead and give it up on the first date ... '' beth it do not say that . carrie just see if you be listen . okay , time to '' see how far he 's willing to go for love . '' ( continued ) 84 . continued : beth you only make a fool of yourself if you be in love . carrie so let 's find out . and if it turn out he 's ready , then we can go ahead and ... she hold out she notebook to Beth . beth ( read ) '' make John 's heart smart . '' ( then ) not you best work . carrie I be stretch . Beth notice something . beth hey , it do say that about I give it up ! carrie slam she book shut . carrie come on , focus . carrie stand and walk out , Beth follow , look peeve . int . kate and heather 's HOTEL room - night Heather and kate be in they hotel room ; there 's a quiet knock on the door . Heather go over and open it , let Beth and carrie in . they have shopping bag with they . heather hey , guy . what do you think ? beth we think he 's ready . kate look a little nervous . kate you really think I can pull this off ? carrie you do not have to . that 's what we be for . she shove a bag at kate . ( continued ) 85 . continued : carrie ( cont 'd ) put this on . we ’1ll set up the camera . check she watch . carrie ( cont 'd ) go go ! kate take the bag into the bathroom . carrie pull out she laptop as Beth and Heather drag a desk over to the bed . dissolve to : int . kate and heather 's HOTEL room - later carrie knock on the bathroom door . carrie come on , we be on a schedule . what 's the hold up ? kate ( 0.s. ) I be almost ready ... carrie open the door and peek in . carrie wow . carrie hold open the door , and kate come out of the bathroom wear a short , sexy robe . kate how do I look ? kate open up she robe , show off she lingerie . it 's black and sexy , and kate 's in great shape . beth I be go on a diet . heather ( check kate out ) I think I might be gay . carrie well , there 's you answer . beth you be really hot . I do not mean this as a insult , but why be do always dress like a schlub and hide yourself ? you should take some lesson from you mom . ( continued ) 86 . continued : kate yeah , I will pass on that . I think the less I take after my mom , the happier I 'il be . heather come on , if you have work it a little more , you would be beat guy off with a stick . kate I would not want the kind of guy who just want I to look like this . heather but that 's all of they . kate no . be it ? ( think about it ) oh my god . carrie okay , no time for epiphany . let 's go . kate pull she robe back on as carrie lead kate to the bed . the laptop have be set up on the desk face kate , and there 's a webcam on top of the computer . Heather , Beth and carrie take they position across from kate , behind the computer . carrie reach over and press a button . int . JOHN 's HOTEL room - continuous John be on a laptop , while the other player in the room watch tv . from John 's computer we hear : justin timberlake ( v.o. ) ( on a loop ) better have you naked by the end of this song ! better have you naked by the end of this song ! better have you naked by the end of this song ! John chuckle . teammate God , how many time can you watch Janet Jackson 's boob pop out of she dress ? there 's a chime from John 's computer : we see the screen , and on it a window have pop up : '' kate S have requested a video chat . do you accept ? '' John hit '' ok '' and a window pop up with kate . ( continued ) 87 . continued : JOHN hello there . intercut with : int . kate and heather 's HOTEL room - continuous kate look into the camera . just on the other side , the other three girl be actively coach she during the entire conversation - hold up note , mouth word , pantomime . kate whatcha doin’ ? JOHN homework , you know . kate yeah , I bet . you alone ? John snap he finger at he teammate , point to the bathroom . the roommate glare , head in , close the door . JOHN I be now . how about you ? kate uh , yeah . JOHN who would they put you with ? Heather shake she head violently . kate not Heather . the girl groan . kate ( cont 'd ) I mean , they want to put I with Heather , but she do not want to be with I , because , you know , I be dating you . JOHN so you be there all by yourself ? kate I know , be not that sad ? I be so lovely . she 's look at a sign that carrie 's hold up . carrie glare , scribbles on it , hold it back up . ( continued ) continued : kate ( cont 'd ) Lonely . I be so lonely . JOHN well , maybe you need some company . kate that 's just what I be think . 88 . but there 's a problem - I just try to go out in the hall , and coach Williams be totally watch . no way you could get here . JOHN damn it . kate I mean , unless you go out on the ledge and come in through the window . JOHN ( laugh ) yeah , right . kate yeah , that 's crazy . too bad , I get all dress up . or down . kate let she robe slip off one shoulder , show off one bra strap . JOHN I could try the ledge . kate awesome . I be five window down . I already count . JOHN I be on my way . the girl high five and pump they fist - suddenly , Beth get a idea - she hold up gesture madly . kate hold on ! JOHN what ? Beth pantomime shave she face . kate do you shave ? it 's work . she hand , ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) JOHN yeah , sure . Beth gesture shave she chest . kate you chest ? JOHN what ? of course not . Beth pantomime swim . kate smile , get it . kate this be kind of crazy , but I have a thing for swimmer . JOHN swimmer ? Beth and Heather get it now , fight to not laugh out loud . kate there 's something so sexy about a smooth body . you know , like a swimmer . JOHN I do not know ... kate it 's nut , but when a guy be not shave , it 's like wrestle a bear . I just do not like hair rub all over my bare skin . kate let the robe fall off , so she 's just wear she bra . JOHN so , like , shave my chest ? kate everything . leg , armpit , everything . totally smooth . JOHN not my hair ... kate no , of course not . Heather wave she arm . kate ( cont 'd ) hold on . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 3 ) Heather pantomime cut hair . kate ( cont 'd ) um , yeah , you hair , too . JOHN no way . my hair be one of the best three thing about I . eye , hair , ass . there be a poll in the school paper . carrie scribbles on a piece of paper . kate read . kate if you love I , you will do it . ( then ) I do not want you to , but when you say you would not ... I know if I love someone , there 's nothing I would not do for they . John hesitates . this be a biggie . carrie yawn . kate follow suit , give a huge yawn for John 's benefit , then pull she robe back on . kate ( cont 'd ) you know what ? maybe you be right . I x11 just see you tomorrow . JOHN no ! wait ! give I five minute . kate be careful on the ledge . oh , and I be go to turn the light out , okay ? I ’ma little shy . just get comfortable and climb in . kate blow John a kiss . carrie close the computer . the girl burst out laugh . int . HOTEL room - later the room be completely dark - the only light come from outside . and then through the window we see John inching along the ledge . he 's in the shadow , but it 's clear he 's just wear boxer , and nothing else . no hair on he head or he body . he push open the window and climb in . in the room , he spot the bed , see the person sleep in it . he climb into bed . ( now that he 's in the room , it 's impossible to see anything but vague shape . ) JOHN oh , kate . ( continued ) gl. continued : woman' voice oh , darryl . JOHN darryl ? who 's darryl ? woman' voice who 's kate ? JOHN you mean coach ? the light beside the bed flip on . John 's get a big surprise - he 's in bed with coach Williams , the girl 's cheer coach . she let out a high pitch scream , John let out a higher pitch one . int . HOTEL hallway - moment later people be filing out of they room to see what all the commotion be about . carrie and Beth be not there , but Heather and kate be part of the grow crowd . coach Williams come out of she room , John in tow . he 's still wear he boxer , and coach Williams be use they as a handle to pull he along . she 's get they hike so far up that there be not much breathe space leave inside they . JOHN no ... dear god ... hurt so much ... please ... not that ... they mean so much to I ... we get we first good look at John in the light : he be completely , utterly , blindingly hairless . the crowd in the hall have they mouth hang open : what the hell be go on ? finally , the people get over they shock enough to begin laugh . heartily . a flash - Heather 's get a camera and just get a prime picture . John look at the camera in a daze , then notice kate . kate look sheepish . kate sorry . I guess it be six window . finally John 's coach come into the hall . coach what the hell be go on here ? coach william darryl , I think this Chihuahua belong to you . I find it in my bed . ( continued ) 92 . continued : JOHN please make she let go . coach Williams let go and push John towards he coach , who grab he arm and lead he away in shame . people be fall over themselves laugh and point as he go . int . hallway - day John walk down the hall , shave head on display . people point and whisper as he walk , a few girl giggle . kate ( v.o. ) John 's aura be puncture . do not get I wrong - he be still John tucker , and he manage to put a good spin on it almost immediately . John meet up with a bunch of other guy from he basketball team - they now all have shave head . they high five , admire each other . ext . track - day late afternoon , kate train alone , sprinting around the track as fast as she can , really push . kate ( v.o. ) but he be in love , he be get desperate , he be almost ready for the big fall . all I have to do be deliver . and nothing be go to get in my way . kate stop in she track . kate ( cont 'd ) Scott ! Scott stand on the side of the track . he applaud . scott I think you win . kate I be the only one run . scott I know , how smart be you ? kate laugh . as she talk , she step up and down in place , keep she muscle warm . Scott notice , start step along with she . ( continued ) 93 . continued : kate okay , you can stop make fun of I any time . I have just get to keep move so I do not cramp up . scott ( look at he leg ) wow , I do not even notice I be do it . it 's like , when you talk to a guy with a accent and you start do the accent ? ( indian accent ) I be have much fun dance with you . please try the papadum . kate okay , we be stop . kate stop , Scott follow suit . scott you sure you be not go to cramp up ? I mean , you be jogging at a pretty torrid pace . kate you want to race ? come on , I just do five mile , I 'il still slaughter you . scott no way . I be just a big talker . absolutely nothing to back it up . kate laugh , then grab at one leg , stagger forward . kate ow , ow , ow ... she collapse into Scott 's arm . Scott pick she up , carry she over to a bench and set she down . scott I guess you be not kid . I be almost feel guilty for make fun of you . he kneel down in front of she , work on the cramping calf , massage it . kate '' almost ? '' what would it take to make you feel guilty ? scott oh , something big . like a leg fall off . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) kate Nice . kate and Scott laugh . Scott look up at kate ... kate look down at Scott ... he hand be on she leg ... and all of a sudden , thing be weird . there 's a definite vibe in the air . they both immediately get uncomfortable . Scott let go of she leg and stand up . scott feeling better ? kate yeah . scott good . kate thanks . after a long pause : kate ( cont 'd ) I should finish my workout before I - scott yeah , absolutely . okay , good run into you . kate smile , turn , sprint away . Scott watch she go . int . girl 's bathroom - day we four girl be gather in the bathroom . heather it smell in here . I be get tired of meeting in bathroom . carrie we be almost do , then we do not have to sneak around any more . I have figure it out - I have get the perfect place to finish he off . kate yeah , about that ... maybe we have do enough . beth what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : kate I mean , we make the guy look like a idiot at the hotel ... heather that ? he 's bounce back from a lot worse than that . carrie yeah , we have not do nearly enough . this be just part of the plan . we hook he , then we crush he . all we have do be hook he . kate I know how much you love plan , I be just not sure how much more we need to do . the girl stare at she . not happily . finally kate ( cont 'd ) it 's just feel kind of , I do not know , weird . carrie snap . carrie what kind of crap be this ? heather be you fall for John ? be that it ? you want he for yourself ? kate look at what this guy do ! you be as obsessed with try to destroy he as you be with dating he . you be still let he control you . Beth hold up she hand to calm the other two . she go over to kate , put she arm around she , play good cop . beth look , I know it 's tough , but we be almost do . let 's just finish John off , then you be do . you never have to think about he again . kate I do not know ... heather jeez , kate , I think we be friend . ( continued ) + F 96. continued : ( 2 ) Heather kate we be . be not we ? heather I think so . but friend look out for each other . Friends do not say they 'il do something and then ... search for the right word . carrie supplies they . carrie completely screw everyone over ! beth come on , kate . if you be not go to do it for you friend , then what about do it to send a message to the John tucker of the world ? if we do not teach he a lesson , he 's just go to go start ruin other girl 's life . you know it . kate all right , all right . momentary lapse . I be fine . what 's you idea ? carrie get ready , because this be great . ( then ) you know how the election be next week ? well , kate be go to be the one to announce the winner , and she 's go to break up with John right there in front of the whole school . heather what the hell ?! carrie it 's perfect . everyone 's there , camera be roll , he 's ready to be have the whole school choose he as they leader ... and we destroy he . heather no no no - beth what 's you problem ? this be a great idea . heather it 's a horrible idea . do you know who announce the election result ? carrie a cheerleader , which be why - ( continued ) * 97 . continued : ( 3 ) heather the head cheerleader . she 's the designate spirit representative for the entire school . now , I know you think that 's a big joke , but it 's not to I . beth so ? we make kate the head cheerleader . carrie good , it 'il make it even more painful when he 's dumped by the head cheerleader . Heather lose it , scream : heather hold on one freakin’ second ! she finally have everyone 's undivide attention . heather ( cont 'd ) I be head cheerleader . not she . carrie Heather , come on - heather no , no '' Heather , come on . '' this be a popularity contest , and I be the most popular girl in school . well , I be sorry , but it 's true . the girl in my family have always be the head cheerleader since , I do not know , the pilgrim . carrie look , we have get a plan , and we be go to follow it . we all have to make sacrifice . heather oh , really ? ( be : Beth ) what do she sacrifice ? her parent 's money ? beth hey , do not attack I ! it be carrie 's stupid idea ! carrie you say it be great ! heather ( to carrie ) and you , what do you sacrifice ? why do not you make kate the editor of the newspaper ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 4 ) carrie I would if I think it would help . heather no you would not . if you give up one of you precious activity , you have never get into hartford . silence . then : carrie do you mean '' Harvard ? '' Heather scream in frustration , start for carrie . the other girl grab she and hold she back . Heather take a deep breath , relax ; when the other girl let she go , she snatch carrie 's notebook and go over to the sink . heather you want to talk sacrifice ? Fine . Heather turn on the water and start move the notebook towards it . heather ( cont ’d ) I hope you have not have any good notion today . carrie wail . carrie Heather , stop ! everyone make sacrifice . she turn to Beth for help . beth ( reach ) sure . um ... carrie , do not you say that you get a '' B '' on a trig test because you be put so much work into this plan ? carrie a minus . Heather growl . carrie ( cont 'd ) wait wait wait . and Beth . she do not get to hook up with John anymore . beth that be really great . no sale . Heather push the notebook towards the water . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 5 ) carrie kate , say something . kate uh ... okay ... listen , Heather , no one 's go to deny that you have make the biggest sacrifice . but come on , nothing could make I more popular than you . the only reason I be popular at all be because you have take I under you wing . just hang out with you make everyone think I be somebody . carrie absolutely . you totally rule this school . everyone know it . beth carrie 's right . as much as I say I reject the paternalistic power structure of high school , the truth be I would give my right arm to be head cheerleader . heather ( soften ) you would not be much of a cheerleader with one arm . carrie the only reason I never try out for cheer be that I be afraid I would not make it . heather it would help if you be a little taller . but you probably could have make it . carrie be we okay ? heather we be okay . they all hug . carrie snatch she notebook from Heather , cradle it in she arm like a baby . int . kate 's house - kitchen kate 's in the kitchen , on the phone . kate no , sorry , she 's still not here , but the second she get home I ’11l - ( listen ) hold on , maybe I hear she . ( continued ) 100 . continued : lori walk in the room , see kate on the phone , start shaking she head violently . kate ( cont 'd ) oops , nope , not she , but I ’11l let she know . good talk to you , sal . kate hang up . kate ( cont 'd ) he 's call three time . lori thanks . kate why do not you want to talk to he ? lori I will . thanks . but kate 's not let lori change the subject so easily . kate you be avoid he ? lori ( sigh , then ) yeah , I do not think we be go to see each other anymore . kate figure . lori Excuse I ? kate I say , it figure . you finally date someone who seem decent , and you dump he as soon as you can . lori kate , who I date be none of you business . kate be you serious ? lori yeah , I be . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) kate do you know how screw up that be ? you really think dating all that guy , move to all that place do not effect I ? lori I know it 's be hard make friend , with the move - kate it 's not just friend - can you imagine what it 's like grow up with this ? all I have do be watch you date jerk who ruin we life . I have start to think all guy be like that . I mean , could my dating life be more screw up ? the first serious relationship I have ever have be with a guy I do not like who have no idea who I really be . thanks . thanks a lot . good thing who you date be none of my business . kate storm out of the room . int . lab - day kate and Scott be work next to each other . kate hey , do you see cake have a new album out ? scott cool , I x11 have to check it out . kate I just get it . want I to burn you a copy ? scott no , I will get it . kate everything okay ? scott everything 's great . everything okay with you ? kate yeah , sure . thing be just a little ... kate make a '' mix - up '' motion with she hand . scott yeah , I have be get a little of - ( make same gesture ) that too . ( continued ) 102 . continued : kate I think it start when - scott hold that think . you have get a visitor . Scott point to the door . John be there , wave . perfect timing . kate walk out of the room . int . hallway - continuous kate join John . JOHN listen , I be wonder if you want to get together tonight - we have not really see each other since the trip . kate yeah , tonight 's not great . I be just really busy this day - it 's cheer season , and I have get to keep my focus . JOHN but soon ? kate absolutely . I / x11 call you . JOHN hey , I hear everyone say you be the new head cheerleader . kate yeah , crazy , be not it ? JOHN not so crazy . you be dating John tucker . he flash he million dollar smile , but it 's look a little less convincing than usual . kate yeah . okay , see you . kate head back into the class . John just stand , watch she go ... he do not look good . he kind of look like a desperate girl who 's be ignore by the guy she love . int . school hallway - day kate walk down the hall - it seem that everyone know she , talk to she , congratulate she ... ( continued ) 103 . continued : kate ( v.o. ) the week lead up to the election seem to last about a minute , it be so pack . I sure be not invisible any more - I could not go anywhere without everyone know who I be . int . italian restaurant - night kate be wait on a elderly couple . elderly woman so , kate , what 's go on with you and John tucker ? int . kate 's bedroom - night kate 's asleep in bed ; something wake she . kate ( v.o. ) John get more and more desperate every day . and night . she look out she window to find John stand down there , guitar in hand , warbling dashboard confessional 's '' scream infidelity . '' his usually impressive voice be crack , interrupt by the tear run down he face . kate close the curtain , lie back down , put a pillow over she face . int . cafeteria - day kate walk through the cafeteria with another cheerleader , talk . kate ( v.o. ) we do not want John to fall completely apart before we have a chance to destroy he publicly , so I do spend some time with he ... kate and the cheerleader sit down at a table , and we see that John 's behind they , struggle with they book and trays load down with food . he set everything down for they ; when he 's do , kate pat he on the arm to thank he , then turn back to she friend . John wave weakly and walk away from the table . int . kate 's kitchen - day kate be sit across the table from she mother . they be both read as they eat , not make eye contact , not acknowledge each other 's presence . ( continued ) 104 . continued : kate ( v.o. ) so the plan be roll along . at home ? not so much . my mom and I have not talk since we fight . well , that 's not precisely true - I ask she to pass I the potato once , and she ask I if I would pick up toilet paper at the store . so , you know , the line of communication be open . int . starbucks - day kate sit with the other three girl . kate ( v.o. ) and before I know it , it be the day of the election . the buzz around school - start by carrie - be that something be go to happen . it be the first time politics be ever popular . we get together that morning to work on my speech . it be tough , but we find five synonym for the word '' womanizer '' and seventeen for '' dump . '' at last , it be finally go to be over , we could get we life back ... I be think nothing could possibly go wrong now . they finish ; they all get up and head out of the cafe . kate be the last to leave - she go over to the trash to throw away she cup , and turn towards the door when she 's surprised to find Scott stand there . look extremely confuse . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) it never pay to think like that . kate ( cont 'd ) ( bust ) Scott . hey . good to see you . scott since when be you friend with that three ? kate well , Heather 's a cheerleader with I , you know that . and ... I just know the other two . from around . scott and since when be they even friend ? I do not realize that little video they make about John have bring they so close together . ( continued ) 105 . continued : kate I do not know they do not get along ... scottt no , they have always hate each other . and yet here they be , still together , with you . pretty mindblow . pretty crazy coincidence that the three girl who try to humiliate my brother be best friend with he girlfriend . what 's go on ? kate have no answer . scott ( cont ’d ) God , I be so wrong about you . I think you be different than everyone else , then you be hang with they , you end up fall for my brother - kate I do not ! Scott wait for she to explain herself . kate ( cont 'd ) look , you say yourself that you brother be a jerk . I mean , you have watch he hurt all that girl , dating they , lie to they , dump they ... we just think we would give he a taste of he own medicine . scott so , it be just some game the three of you cook up , make he fall for you , and then what ? you be go to dump he ? kate nod . scott ( cont ’d ) at the assembly . of course . ( then ) you want to hear something ironic ? do you know why he fall for you ? because you be the first person who be honest with he . the first person who treat he like a human be . this land hard on kate . kate be you go to tell he ? ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) scott no. ( then ) he probably do deserve it , in some way . kate that 's what I think , that 's why I agree to go along with this - scott in some way he do deserve it , but in another way ... look , do you really think it 's all he fault ? he be what he be . he do not really go out of he way to hide it . so who 's to blame - he , or the girl who keep lining up to date he , even know everything they know about he ? ( then ) and what 's he big sin , really ? lying to woman to get they to fall in love with he ? God , that 's horrible . I bet you can not imagine what kind of person would do that , can you , kate ? Scott turn and exit , leave a shattered kate . int . lori 's bedroom - minute later lori sit in a chair , read , when kate knock softly on the door and stick she head in . lori why be not you in school ? everything okay ? kate I need to talk to you . kate sit on the bed . kate ( cont 'd ) I know I tell you I do not need you advice about boy . well , I need you advice about boy . lori you know I will always try . I can not promise I will not suck , but I will try . kate okay . do you think I be do the right thing , you know , dump John tonight ? tough question right off the bat . lori search for word . ( continued ) 107 . continued : kate ( cont 'd ) I know you do not think this be a good idea from the beginning , but it 's too late . I be in , and I need to know what to do . lori okay . well , John 's a real bastard , right ? kate I do not know . maybe there 's more to he . maybe there 's a actual person there . lori he do hurt all you friend . kate yeah , he do . and if I do not go through with it , they will not be my friend anymore . lori you do not love he , do you ? kate no , I do not love he . kate shake she head , try to sort it out . kate ( cont 'd ) so , I can ruin the life of a guy who 's never do anything to I , and keep the best friend I have ever make in my whole life , or , I can not dump he and lose my friend . lori okay , just give I a second . kate tough one , huh ? lori and the thing that kill I be , it 's all my fault . kate Mom , it 's not you fault - lori what you say the other day ? you be right . how be you suppose to know how to act if I do not show you ? how be you suppose to learn about man when I be always dating bum ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) kate well , you tell I not to do this . lori yeah , one good idea after seventeen year of screwing you up . kate , you be beautiful , you be smart , you be fun - you deserve to be popular , you deserve to date whoever you want to . all you need be a chance . I be sorry for be selfish . kate thanks . ( then ) so what do I do ? lori ( beat , then ) you want to know something sad ? the first thing that pop into my head be '' let 's move to a new town and start over . '' kate laugh . lori ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I be really try , but I just do not know . kate do not worry . i’1l figure it out . this help . lori do it ? kate not really , but I can tell you be hang by a thread . lori laugh . kate ( cont 'd ) you know , you do not always date bum . lori I be afraid I have . kate what about sal ? lori well , he 's no John tucker , I ’1l1 grant you that . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 3 ) kate maybe that 's a good thing . lori you have get to get to school . we do not have enough time to fix I . they hug . int . gym - day the gym be drape with campaign paraphernalia , the stand be pack with student . it 's go time . around the audience , we see Beth , Heather and carrie , none of they stand together , and John , stand at the front with the other candidate . one of they , norman , turn to John . norman where 's kate ? she be not in biology . JOHN she will be here . norman I see she this morning , and then she disappear . JOHN you see she this morning ? ( start to come unhinge ) how would she look ? mad ? do you think she 's come ? have you hear anything ? you do not think she just will not show , do you ? finally , whisper run through the room and everyone turn and look at the door , as kate come into the room . she nod and make small talk with the people she pass as she move into the gym . the principal glance at he watch , step to the microphone . principal well , since we designate spirit representative have show up , let 's get this start . he cover the mic , turn to a teacher stand next to he . principal ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) be she dump he ? teacher that 's what I hear . ( continued ) 110 . continued : kate get to the stage . the principal hand she a envelope . kate hi , everyone . thanks . before I announce the winner , I have like to say something about one of the people up on this stage . I know this be unusual , but bear with I . as some of you know , I be not completely objective about this election ; I have be dating John tucker for awhile now . I have learn alot , and I think it 's time I share it all with you . a murmur from the crowd : here it come . kate ( cont 'd ) sometimes you think you know a person . especially popular people - you think that smile , friendly face they put on be the real person . sometimes they even start to believe it about themselves . if everyone love they , they could not be so bad , could they ? but I be afraid that sometimes that person be rotten to the core , they be a liar and a cheat and they have get they popularity by use people and then casting they aside . they hurt people that they be suppose to care about , and that 's just unforgivable . there be no excuse for that kind of behavior , and anyone who do that should be punish . Heather , carrie and Beth be practically gleeful : all they work be about to pay off . carrie hold a camcorder up , to capture the moment . kate ( cont 'd ) as you have probably guess , the person I be talk about be I . gasp and shock all around . kate ( cont 'd ) I use John . I do everything I could to get he to fall in love with I , because I know that if he do , I would be popular . and it work . here I be . but to do it , I be lie to all of you about who I really be , and I have to hurt John , who would never do anything to I . I be sorry . kate ( cont 'd ) I do not deserve to be stand up here , I do not deserve all the attention I have be get ... more ( ) ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) kate ( cont 'd ) ( to John ) and I do not deserve you . I think that bury deep deep deep inside of you , there 's a really sensitive , wonderful guy that 's go to come out for the right girl . I be not she . I hope you find she . ( back to audience ) thanks again for everything . I know I be give up a lot by do this , include some really great friend , but I do not really earn any of it . so , goodbye . she start to walk off , pause , go back to the mic . kate ( cont 'd ) one more thing . why do we all make fool of ourself chase after the John tucker of the world , anyway ? why be we so busy define ourselves by other people ? I do not have a answer , I just think it be a good question . ( then ) oh , and also , since I probably will not ever have everyone 's attention like this again ... it would not kill you all to come out to a girl 's track meet once in awhile . and with that , kate walk off the stage , leave behind a stunne crowd . John look at the crowd , look at kate disappear , and run after she . int . hallway outside gym - continuous John catch up with kate . JOHN wait - kate John , do not . I be really not the right person for you . JOHN I kind of get that now . kate look , I be sorry - JOHN do not be sorry . actually , I just want to thank you . kate thank I ? ( continued ) 112 . continued : JOHN yeah . you could have destroy I out there . all that thing you be say ... they be true about I , too . we be alike in a lot of way . kate that be kind of the twist . tricky , huh ? JOHN I be go to work on it . kate really ? JOHN I be still not sure how you do what you do to I , but it make I think about a lot of thing . who I be . why I do what I do . who I hurt . I guess I be feel ... kate ..- compassion ? JOHN I do not know , but I do not like it . they laugh . John hold out he hand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) good luck , kate . kate good luck . they shake hand ; kate go in and kiss he on the cheek . she then turn and exit the building . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and then , as I be walk out of there , I realize that there be one person who notice I before John do . one person who do seem to like I for who I be . flashbacks : Scott come up to kate at the water fountain and talk and joke with she ... Scott ask kate to be he lab partner ... Scot talk to kate at the party ... Scott and kate at the campaign , laugh with each other ... ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 2 ) Scott help she with the cramp in she leg ... kate ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) and one person who amazingly do not forget I exist the second he meet my mom . Scott meeting lori at campaign headquarters , shaking she hand , and immediately look right back to kate ... ext . outside gym - continuous kate exit the gym and walk out into the night . kate ( v.o. ) but I figure my chance with he be slightly damage by the fact that he hate I . scott ( 0.s. ) kate ! kate ( v.o. ) luckily , I be wrong . kate turn to find Scott run to she . when he catch she : scottt do this mean you be not dating my brother anymore ? kate I think so . scott finally . and he move in to kiss she . it 's go to be the most beautiful moment ever ... and she stop he . kate what do you think you be do ? scott kiss you ? romantically ? although every second we talk about it , it 's become less romantic and more uncomfortable . you be just look at I . time be pass . it 's get really bad now . kate and just exactly long have you be attract to I ? ( continued ) 114 . continued : scott I think I suspect it when I first see you , and I be sure when you glue you tongue to you mouth ... kate so why do not you say anything ? you know , this be all kind of you fault . you should have ask I out the second you meet I , not take '' no '' for a answer , and save I from this whole mess . scott I be ... sorry ? kate ( smile ) so be i. and he kiss she . she return the kiss and they embrace , not let go . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) so what happen to everyone ? int . gym - night we be in the middle of a game - John 's stand on the sideline as he coach yell at he . kate ( v.o. ) even though it do not happen quite how we hope , we still end up teach John tucker a lesson and change he forever . John finally snap and yell back at he coach : JOHN what 's the matter with I ? what 's the matter ? I x11 tell you ! I do not want to play basketball ! I hate basketball ! I want to sing ! I want to sing ! int . auditorium - day John stand front and center , belting out a song to a pack house . JOHN Oklahoma ! where the wind come sweeping down the plain ! 115 . ext . parking lot - day a high school couple walk hand in hand towards a car . they split up - the boy go to the driver 's side , the girl to the passenger side . kate ( v.o. ) amazingly , another John tucker do not spring up to take he place . from that time on , the guy at we school treat the woman like princess . the girl make no move to open she own door ; glance over at she boyfriend . he run around the car , open she door for she , wait for she to get in , and close the door . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) after see what woman could do to even the mighty John tucker when we put we mind to it , they be scared to death of we . int . starbucks - day kate sit alone . kate ( v.o. ) what about the other girl ? like I say , we be just together to take care of John tucker , and once that be do , there be no reason to hang out . the other three join kate at the table , set down drink and muffins . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) no reason except that we be all pretty amazing people who teach each other that man come and go , but friend be forever . we stay close until the end of high school , and we still meet once a year to celebrate the day we save the world from John tucker . the girl all clink they coffee cup together in a toast . int . kate 's house - live room - day lori walk to the front door . kate ( v.o. ) Mom turn out to be more mature than she think ... with a little help from I , of course . ( continued ) 116 . continued : she open the door to find sal at the door , hold a huge bouquet of flower . he 's get a new hairstyle - it 's long and come down over the ear . lori and sal embrace ; we now see that kate be watch from the top of the stair . sal give she a thumb - up ; kate point to he hair and flash he a okay sign . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's easily the ugliest new dad I ever have , but he 's easily the best . ( then ) who 's leave ? oh , right . ext . track - night kate be run sprint while Scott time she . they be the only people at the track . kate ( v.o. ) Scott be the luckiest one of all - he get I . and what about I ? how do I turn out ? kate finish run , catch she breath with she hand on she hip . she walk along , then look straight up into camera . kate ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be the girl who make John tucker fall in love . I be a legend . kate smile . fade out . the end