doo 4 on py screenplay and ( he slory baa johnny 's a 21st -century smuggler . johnny the Village Voice San Francisco Chronicle isbn 0-441 - 234 -' $ 1200 US . edit begin on black . fade up music . slowly , image start to bleed through . Red swirl , white , black dot ... as more and more of the image bleed through the title we begin to make out what be watch .. . exterior . beijing . night . extreme high angle travel over a emotional demon - stration approach a solid line of shielded riot police . many of the participant wear surgical mask and lab coat . the black dot identify themselves as they head , the red-and - white swirl as banner they be carry . mostly with chinese lettering , but some in English as well as other language . '' cure n.a.s. now . " caption : beut , 2021 . bellow through bullhorn , pound steel drum , mouth scream slogan behind surgical mask , but all the noise seem filter , as if its reach we through some kind of aural barrier . a number of the demonstrator suffer from nas ( nerve atten - uation syndrome ) , which manifest itself as a crippling palsy . Wild , angry eye , twitching limb . traffic be gridlock . driver honking they horn inside they futuristic car as the demonstration pour through . we move in on a taxi . hopelessly stick in the chaos ... NY ( voice-over ) : I be here . 4 tae scre ralm ( vo ) do you get it ? jounny ( vo. casually ) sure __ - we be now close on the taxi and look inside . interior . taxi . night , ralrt face on the vid : phone monitor inside . deceptively chis . ele feature , jong stringy hair and a sharp suit , hes sonnny agent for this job . slightly nervous . ral : this be a big one . johnny . you sure you can carry it ? I could send this new guy . who 's fitte out with the latest __ . on sonny . Young . sharply groom . a conservative dark suit with white shirt and tie , a bit 100 cool almost . charm , contdent , slick he seem supremely at ease . he 's play with a matchbook in he hand . the over be get nervous as increasingly surround the taxi , peer inside . johnny ignore the commotion , jounny : ralf , stop worry . | get upgrade with the mda - 18 this the demonstrator be shout . some of they begin to rock the taxi back and forth , try to topple it the driver ware at they to go away , shout back in chinese . for ---¥ you do not have @ thing to worry about , it 's under control , johnny hang up , hand a few bill to the driver and unlock the door . tu walk . tabe he briefcase and open the door . for the first time , noise hit we full blast ext . traffic jam . night . 2 the anger palpable . johnny , smile be - sewer aoe calmly create a path through the mob : he cole benevolent expestaion and unhurtsee ane ne most people to give way to he . johnny nod he thanks as go . his luck do not last . one pemonstearor block he way . creaming through he surgical mask . johnny try to go around . the demonstrator block he . still ! shout johnny smoothly duck out of the way and jump onto the hood of a car and over . blend into the crowd , smoothly , very fast . ext . demonstration , night . johany and pull ug emerge from the thick of the crowd short . ie ee cf ee sn be ee police and the battle have be join . johnny turn and join : the run mass , he eye look for escape . ' people the riot police wade into the mass of panicked cuintse amt next to johnny trip and fall . be johnny pause , help she up . she grab he as if he be a vest , hang on , still scream . - police they , stream past . johnny whirl tum ee es out of the street , a cop charge : they , johnny block a swing from he club with he briefcase the cop charge past . 5 swing the next cop resent johnny block he colleague and grab he by the collar . johnny bring up a small tube trom he pocket , like a breath spray in appearance . in one fast movement he insert it under the cop 's lucite mask and press the spray button . the cop mask turn white and wet with mist . he grab for he eye , howling in pain , let go of johnny . johnny look around he . the chinese girl have disap - pear . johnny head for the edge of the mass . ext , STREET . night . johnny emerge from the crowd . stop , catch he breath . look down the street . up ahead , a futuristic high -rise . a chinese logo over the entrance . johnny retrieve the book of match trom he pocket , open it . Inside the cover , hand - printed . # 2371 , he start toward the tower . Beijing shimmer in the cold night air . we move back until we realize we be see the view from a hotel suite . two man be jook out the window and converse anxiously . int . HOTEL suite . night . the two man be wieTnamese scientist , huddle together smaill , frail - look man in cheap suit . wer @ 1 reach to partially close the venetian blind . et # 2 ; the courier be late ... et # 1 ; be calm . while they be talhing we move farther back into the room . revealing four korean bodyguard . korban # 1 be enormously fat , like 4 sumo wrestler go to seed he put back a empty plate next to a miniature grill . still burn . on the coffee table . korean @9 a hewte auitcter ie channel curiae fnatle penny erc ? settles on a hyper-vioient japanese cartoon on tv . korean # 5 . a woman , chain - smoke while she clean she automatic . xo - rean # 4 . a cool fashion plate , isnt pay much attention to anything . vet # 2 '' we should have put it out on the global net while there be still time . vier # 1 , no . they be monitoring every fragment of transmit data . a courier be the only way . ver @ 2 so we hire a criminal , with a silicon chip in he head — 1 a highly skilled smuggler . she choose he . as she choose we . you must remember that . int . HOTEL lobby . night . Grand and opulent , arrluent guest mill about as if the worlc outside doesn 's exist . a oriental band play a ink spot tune on 4 small stage . johnny enter the lobby . he suit in place and hair comb . and walk past a bank of video screen . most of the monitor be show riot coverage , but all channel be 4 speed barrage of image . johnny join 4 a who . in he best tourist mode . be study a map next to a pot fern . follow exchange in mandarin , subtitles , except johnny 's fast line and the word '' Pemex '' and " mda - 18 . " you have it ? the man be nervous . 1 could not vet one ta scrianrlar johnny look away in disgust . anger building . man ( hurriedly ) : they have a Pemex doubler . .. the guy say that should give you nearly the same capacity as the mda - 18 . jonny : not even close . . , ( sigh ) but it will have to do . the man hand over a small package . which jobnng slip into he pocket . he move on . suddenly , on the monitor . the image start to skate and then be ripped open by a hand . }- s0xe het computer - alter face ( he eye be pinpoint , he mouth be huge ) appear on all the monitor . the cadence of he word be like a angry hip - hop hybrid . bont : snatch back you brain . zomby ! snatch it back and hold it j/- bone 's face change again , for a brief moment , we see he undistorted face . he laugh . the moving logo of a dol - phin vort ) appear on the screen . the sound of dolphin squeak . the image be dramatically quiet compare to the barrage of image that make up contemporary tv the reaction of the crowd suggest this be not a unusual disturbance . they be annoyed , resign . amused . johnny head for the elevator . a cio 's face pop over the back of a couch . johnny stop in he track , next to a large fishbowl , for a brief moment , he seem freeze , something ing on inside he head he have no control over . then it 's over . he take a step back , so he head be behind the fishbowl , grossty distort by the glass and the water . grimace at the bid . bring up he hand , wave with curling finger . like a octopus . the child beam . crap , again . jhe mrerenig 9 but johnny 's playfulness have disappear as fast as it come and he 's already move on to the elevator bank . int . stretch limo . night . in the street near the hotel . stan , @ young , half - japanese , half - american , fast - track yakuza yuppie . cool and analytical . jong hair in a ponytail , sit in the center . check he watch . four other impeccably dress '' businessman '' and one '' businesswoman '' around he , all of they impassive , but tense as they be stick solid in the riot trathe . head for a '' gig . '' the traffic jam fray they nerve . int , elevator . night , johnny open the package . the Pemex doubler be narrow . fiat , have 4 digital counter display on its side . he peel back he hair , expose jack behind he ear . insert probe tip of doubler . cause a slight involumary spasm . number do - crease on counter as elevator floor - number increase . he 's relieved when it 's do . dispose of use doubler , com - pose himselt . int , HOTEL suite . night . image of riot on the tv . Korean # 1 grunt , flick the remote : the japanese cartoon reappear . door chime , the Korean : whip out they gun . korean # 2 and # 3 answer it johnny : there . hold he briefcase like a pizza box . joma : double cheese . anchovy ? viet # 2 wave the korean out of johnny 's way . johnny step into the room . ignore the korean , and , carefully sensin 10 the ene it the suite . cross to a desk tabs the scene with b in expe # 2 you be I no mith you be late right johnny sense the fear in the room . he step around Korean # 3 as if she 's furniture . he push a button . the blind rotate . lock : ber of red neon glare paint the wall . he wave cig marette another button start the over smoke away with he hand another button , dimming the light , the korean be both ere . he ignore they , turn to viet you do not look like the kind of people | usually work ter +t . we be new at viet # 2 % nerve be reach the break point . the word stumble out #2 pleax '' approach you through the correct chan nel . we pay hall in advance into the swiss account , exactly as you agent instruct jounny : ; yeah .. what I be say be | be expect player you look like ... missionary . viet # 2 hold up a envelope : he hand be tremble viet # 2 . please ! everything be take care of . here 's you ticket ! first class ! 9 : you storage capacity — be I where be I take it ? '' yer # 1 newart johnny 's face fall wet # 2 you storage capacity — journey ( automatic bullshit : more than adequate . var # 2 it 's extremely dangerous , if the upload volume exceed it kill you in two or 1orage capacity . synaptic seepage wi pare the data may be corrupt and @ coherent download will be impossible . . . in see he do johnny realize he may have a problem , we '' the math in he head , figure the odd , make he snap decision . Joy , I dont have a problem with that , okay ? ( beat ) be we load or not ? ver @2 , you ticker vier @2 you agent in Newark will arrange the meet for the download . beat johnny : let 's see what you wanna upload . viet # ) hurriedly produce a manila envelope . johany go over to the door , double lock it . take a motion detector from he brietcase , stick it on the door frame . he do quick fest , it beeps . jounny : motion detector . in case the native get restless __ viet # 1 open the envelope , extract a small black case . open it , revealing a dime -size CD - rom jory : how much be I carry ? viet # 1 frown . johnny arm the motion detector . a beep and 4 red light start pulsing johnny check a small device on he belt , another red pulse in unison . we viet # 1 hand over a envelope . viet # 1 ; 320 gigabyte jounny perfect . on jonnny . ticket . its way too much but he 's pay no attention . johnny pocket the viet look at one another , silent agreement no other inny : megabytes ? cage mee dovapaslagrigen react never age # 2 . gigabytes , case . lining they up on the table near the window , jounny : when the counter approach zero , click on three frame forniney : when | get there , we feed in the code and download . lousy Press that to start the upload . lifesaver , a credit card . a pair of sunglass in a hard black case . the viet and korean stare johnny sit at the table . close on he hand . as if perform a conjure trick , he construct the upload device trom this material . the final step involve a pair of fine gold cable ; one snap into the frame of he glass , the '' other plug into the jack behind he ear . both cable be then plugge into the upload device . johnny hand upload re - mote to viet # 1 ; a small pistol - like unit . this have several function : it work like a ordinary tv remote ; it can optically scan image off a tv screen : it transmit image to up - joad unit via infrare pulse , have a counter . of the tv . any three . they will meld with you data and | will not know what they be . that 's the download code . you get @ hard copy . you fax one copy to you connection on the other side ... he point over to the fax machine on the table . delivery do , understand ? viet # 1 look at the remote . nod . johnny indicate a button on the upload device , johnny put some eyedrop in he eye , put on the glass , about to mabe a mistake that may cost he he viet # 2 , hand tremble . slot the CD in the uploader . ala . joann hit I . he pop a tooth protector into he mouth , close - up of mini disc . spin , speed into a sitvery biur . int , HOTEL lobby . night . shinji lead he team into the lobby . incongruously . all of they , except for shinji , be carry gym bag we may hear a soft clanging sound as one of the bag brushes against one of the man 's leg . shinji direct two of he team to stay in the lobby and precede the other to the elevator bank . int . elevator bank . night . close on stun 's hand . as he press the elevator button , we notice the top part of he right thumb be a metal cap - henson , a american yabuza , shinjis right -hand man , can henson : this guy : they viet-ch or what ? ; no , scientist . R&D people from pharmakom . defec - _ tor ... Tokyo want the data . remember that . stare at he ; henson get the message . the data . the viet wl : formulas , move molecule construct , technical model , dia - gram , etc. come right at we . mainline cyberspace . johnay 's body jerk . he knuckle white on the arm of the chair . he groans , a unconscious sound . whatever 's hap - pene to he , it isnt nice . viet # 1 and # 2 watch anxiously as he shiver under the constant psychic impact ; he 's jamme back , tight - jaw , in the chair , his lace distort in pain . viet # 1 glance constantly from the counter to johnny . they Te too jade to care what go on . as the counter approach zero . viet @ 1 cross to upload remote in hand . he triggers upload remote by accident , capture a frame from the japanese cartoon , the cartoon hero . unit on the table bleep as the image be record . johnny jerk at the bleep , as the image be record on chip in he brain , ( we see the image burn through point of view in the data-storm ) on viet # 1 switch nel for the second image . which we dont see . viet register amazement as we CUT to television in time to the face of anna morph out of some other image . her viet # 15 eye , CUT to sounny sharp jerk as a image hit he . then it 's over . something banal on the sion . the access code . Three image , joey lc v the ' businessman 's gym bag clang as they put they down . they be zipped open . a quick series of shot . as the man extract high - tech , futuristic air gun , cartridge , slam the cartridge into place , check they bulletproof vest underneath they clothes and otherwise turn themselves intc walk arsenal . only shinji stand calmly , seemingly un - armed . int . HOTEL suite . night . johnny sag as the barrage end , white - face behind the glass . vier # 2 : Mr. Smith ? johnny pull the glass off . his eye be close . he open they . blink , look up at viet # 2 , he eye scary and blank . he remove the gold cable and stuff they in he pocket , move 4s if he 's on automatic pilot . get up . unsteady on he foot . conceal this , but a trickle of blood come down he nostril . jowen where 's the bathroom ? ver @2 what ? jowon the toilet viet # 2 point . johnny walk through suite . the other room be dark , es ccr sire rcs he enter , door open . shinji and he man walk out anc haltway jounny . oh , Jesus , Jesus , shir . he attempt to stabilize himself , hold he hand out front of he and breathing slowly until they shaking . it be a meditative exercise we will see he do later . he feel better . look at himself in mirror . notice blood . wipe it off splashes water on he face int . HOTEL , corridor . night . while he man stand back . shinji uncap he thumb caretully extrude a glitter loop of filament from thumb-tip . int , HOTEL suite . hallway . night . johnny hear a SOUND from the bedroom , notice the ajar , move over . sounny 's pow along the edge of the bed . eye wide . Silent . best clothes . twenty -frst-century Boat people . one wire be feed . one youna cnilo look straight at he . his stare solemn . on jonnny . for 4 flash moment ( as when he see the child in the seem as if the scene strike a chord deep inside he . seem woory , put a hand against the wall to support srhny uemonic v a soft buzz . johnny check he belt the motion detector be otf , johnny glance at the suite door , the LED there be - shine solid red . he take a step back into the bathroom . kill the light int , HOTEL suite . night . quick shot : the korean , on the couch , be engross in the japanese cartoon , the SOUND be back on . vier # 2 turn on a fax machine , hold the code image to send out viet # 1 be toast the micro- CD over the coober , hold it ir the steel chopstick . int . HOTEL . corridor , night . shinji and he man square themselves off , exchange look . shinjl nod , whip the flament - loop down , toward the door - knob . int . HOTEL suite . night . close on the tv a hyperkinetic explosion of japanese cattoon - blood . on the door . as the loop pop through it like a knife through butter , scoop : ing out the knob and lock . close on the micro -cd. in the steel chopstick ; its sagging . start to melt . # 1 and # 2 burst through the door . follow by Te scraaplay see reronic 2 quick CUT surreal slaughter scene as shinjis man whelm the Korean bodyguard . ( note : the yahuza be with sophisticated , relatively silent air gun , the korean traditional ballistic gun ) . yakuza # 1 shoot Korean # 1 as hes rise from the attempt to draw a massive fold - stock automatic . rean # 1 be blow across the room , crash into the Korean # 1 % gun strates a trail of bullet across the ceiling as fall . yakuza # 2 blow away Korean # 3 , who try to take behind one of the pillar . henson turn lett toward the bathroom and the advance . the bathroom door be open , dark inside . . . Korean # 4 hit yakuza # 2 with a salvo . the bullet harmlessly otf the yakuza 's bulletproof vest . for a the Korean stand in shock , then he dive behind the yakuza # 2 riddle the sofa with bullet , stuft tly . ke # 45 wrist flop out from behind the sofa , remain moti shinit hunge for the paper ht its henson reach the bathroom , enter cautiously . he consume . one-half ( one of the two remain image ) have for the light switch , fip it . johnny slam the door close : be destroy . shinji be furious . he grab the fone survivor . horrife viet # 1 . all the other in the room be dead . be pull into the fax machine . " yet # 2 notice johnny be head for the table , understand - jmmediately he step toward johnny . johnny lunge forward , but shinji filament sing through the ait johnny snatch the paper from the fax machine , just as the filament cut through it . hes leave hold only a single image . theres no time for more , the filament also cut through a stone statue in its lethal path . johnny dive for the door and roll . hes very last . the next moment he 's go . behind he , the wall be strafe with bullet . yabuzas # 1 and # 2 sprint after he , block shinjis target vier # 2 have pick up the remain code image and reach for the flame in the cooker , but shinji whip he filament ana sever he hand , which fall right on the edge of the cooker . still clutching the code . the flame reach for the paper . quickly singeing one side . staxa , you . where 's he go ? where 's he take the data ? close on the micro -cd . falling into cooker as viet # 2 let go of it . he crouch fatalistically wait to be shot . johnny appear in the doorway , size up the situation in instant . his eye take in the access code . the doorway . shinji notice johnny , move forward . close on the access code . viet # 1 be too scared to speak . in the next room , a baby begin to cry . a slow smile spread across shinji 's face . FIRE stair . night . face down the step . he jump over the railing onte jand and keep run . in the process , he be - verse he tie , run he hand through he hair . gray streak appear . he take a fold hat from he pocket . push it out , joneey mbehonic x int . newark airport . custom . night . a series of mri image . scan through a human body . over this . airport sound flight announcements. etc . a custom ormcer . Hispanic . look at the monitor as the arrival file through he booth , each head and body very much the same . suddenly . one head be different , a implani show , something angular and inorganic in the brain , ar alarm sound . johnny stop and look over to the custom Officer . corner . the skin tone be change betore we eye . running step on the stair above he ... int . HOTEL lobby . night , a Oriental travel salesman , he gait stiff , he slope , emerge into the lobby . shinjis guard do not even he a second look as he walk straight through the lobby out the door . only the child for whom he do the little trick in the when he come in , stare after he . puzzle . on the brink recognition . just as johnny walk out , the trail yakuza explode into jounny it 's all right , it 's government approve . Dyslexia pro - thesis . he hand over a laminate card . the custom Officer read i , punch in the number . look back up to johnny , suspi - clous ... check he monitor . back at johnny . for a mo - ment we think johnny 's blow . beat . sean you may have a problem here . .. look like implant be discharge .. . seepage better get it cheched immediately . '' gracias . the child look over to the yabuza . frown . he doesnt they . get a grin from custom Officer . ext . newark . night , take back he card and move on , turn the corner to establishing shot of the city . many area be rome I dark . as if desert . very different from futuristic and Beijing . caption : free CITY of newark . 1a schema jie mace . impeccably attire in the conservative suit of the japa ext . formal japanese garden / office . night . '' company man , '' he be the yakuza head for this sector of N America . stoical and melancholy . he 's lie a Roman legionnaire down the fort in Wale ; he may be a gangster , but in 4 sei hes the law in this neck of the wood takahashi 's olfice be open to a cover indoor japanese forma garden . shinji execute a negligent . almost insolem bow a tabahashi enter . takahashi nod and walk to he desk . tamas : you look well . Asia agree with you . he look at shinjis cap thumb . smile contemptuously shinto shrine strike a false note . tawusii : | see you have find a way to turn you shame into be takahashi be watch ... his eight - year- old daughter . auxrvo , play in a pool of light in comer of the room . her back be half turn . she short black h mate a neat line against she white neck his concentrati completely on she game . amsvo. ( address a doll ) . now , mopmop , if you and SI ir can not play nicely , I be go to have to separate you shinji instinctively fold he thumb underneath he hand . a eee my condolence , tabahashi-san . on you recent takahashi switch to japanese , as if he do not hear shinji . wash : I have see the report from Tokyo . pharmakombinat in - tabahashi remain expressionless , but there be a sad ten dustrie of Zurich have engage we to recover they miss ness in he eye that contrast with the evident hardness of data . feature . a knock on the door . as if catch at so takahashi quickly push a button on a hand -held remote . daughter dissolves and vanish we — — she be a hologram all along . pharm moma ee the door open , spilling a shatt of light across the bed , sucretary enter shinji also switch to japanese that sto say . a nearly complete failure . secreta : sorry to disturb you , Mr. takahashi . . : and the mnemonic courier escape . he be taxanasi ) ( grimy . . shinji have arrive , he get up and exit the room . nok thtorm at one ? and leave . takahashi look at the image . a frame riot . he press the intercom . ee '' $ ' Tet scrnplay vant . i.did not wish to disturb you in you time of grief . it must terrible to lose a child . a only child , especially so young . . assume you be .. . unavailable . get I kari honig . shinjis sympathy be a deliberate torment , a attempt to blame on tekohash apause . oan vid-phone click on . sequence of gener istian religious image takahashe : we be yakuza , | be ahvag available . what be om '' ' ' nature of the data ? sin : 1 be not at liberty to say . tabahashi smile coldly . takamas hi : because you do not know ? ' deacontss ( vo ) Church of the retransfiguratio deductible contribution to ... Pew the image fur with green static and be replace 5 on which we see I - bone =e kbont : make you own image and direct hit ' man race be wait for you . . asa ica +- bone 's image explode into a fast - forwa 2 wd lotex video - scratch , set to music . takahashi : i be intercom switch , appal . he flip the stitt have be charge with recover the head of the rier . crpogenically preserve . takahashi : preserved ? summ : the defector wipe the pharmakom maintrame . lose the courier , we have lose the data forever : we line be triple - shield , we have we own satellite and ' still my private line ts invade by this lotek takahashi switch to English . taxanasi : Newark be mine . you be insolent when you here under I and you have not change . you will I . if the courier be in my territory , | will be understand you obtain part of the courier 's download glower at the lotek video . it break up into static . miss billing the office . no reaction from shinji night . taxanasi , give it to I shinji deliberate , then shrug . produce the singe paper , hand it over . execute another of he the back of a junker speed through pothol of Newark . the pervex be visibly nervous in this 3 to schenat johnny . look terrible , talk to ralf on a antique phone as he change back from salesman to he usual we intercut the conversation with exterior as the drive through the stark wasteland to its destination . jounny : I be way overload , man . you would not believe much — rati ( vo ) johnny -boy , you tell I you get upgrade jounny : yeah , yeah , | do . 1 get the goods , ralf now | just get ‘em out of my head ! do they get the code out ? raut ( vo ) do worry , johnny -boy , they say they can easy a huge reliet . but johnny doesn 's betray it in he voice . jounny : '' they '' who ? what 's go on , ralf ? this feel like a blo deal , man ... | do not even know this shithole of a town , gonna be completely expose — ratt ( vo ) johnny -boy , johnny -bog , have ralf ever let you Delivery be confirm . you say you have to get data they be the only one who can do it you have no choice : johnny , okay , I will check this place out raut ( vo ) be careful . let 's have a drink later , all right ? meet to - face . after all this time - jounny yeah , sure . he break the connection . take out the single code from he pocket . look at it , frustrate . worried . CUT to . int . drome bar . night . set in a plush , old , convert theater , this be one and about as weird as it get — weirder , even . suey mre neric 29 some very heavy customer . rough trade of every conceiv- able persuasion . plus a healthy leaven of latex - clad jaiibait to die for . some of the customer , though . be victim to nerve attenuation syndrome ( nas ) . they jive and jitter , hard as they may try to be inconspicuous . railfi be at the corner table that serve he as a office . he 's a ' talent agent '' for various kind of underworld professional . ne ee yomomma be black , pretty white and blond ; otherwise coulttan bento gian inesom tk enaaae ae , sional balicrusher . they work for rath . ralfi hang up the vid-phone . exchange a glance with pretty and yomomma and tts the phone again . dial = at the bar . smider , a startling blend of computer geek and surfer / muscle peeraalbemibd enaind aernsm he 's very on edge . wear er hn homer eas lennsstbnieedatgre who be sit next . a wannabe . she 's taut and edgy , in shintight jeans anda leather jacket with the sleeve tip out . leans forward . hungry and intense . she keep look over at rallis table . sub hit on de nee ier not teme usten !? shop for some test ... hey ! be you even we be not playin’ '' doctor '' anymore , remember ? | hey , that 's not what I — at cu from hell . they be old ! tm worried about you speed , I be worried about you oo tek screinplay joy eine 3 she isn really listen , she attention be on ralfi as he into he phone . as soon as he hang up . she get up and . over to he table . spider look after she . angry . jealous . at the table . ralh look up as Jane strut up , concentrate on street fighter charisma . pretty move to block Jane . Rat pine . just hold it there . silence . he watch Jane 's hand . we wait for something tc Jane : so ? ralh pober-face Jane : what ? : just hold it there . peery : no way — but pretty 's too -casual swing backfire . Jane intercept it , ning pretty off balance : a very slick move . ralfis mouth open : Jane be in he lace . Jane : you hire muscle 's aging on you , ralfi . | coulda do time you hire some young and fast . pretty ( hiss with fury : you —crazy — lithke — street bitch — flash of fear in Jane . '' rar : you can hold it there , baby ... can not you ? Wave : sh-sure .. ralf study she . almost interested . he hold up he yomomma , keep she off . close - up on Jane 's hand as it start to tremble before the tremor can increase . she grab rallis wrist . she be fast . rart like you ? ( desperate ) . see ? peetr : you gonna be shitting out of a plastic bag . Jane ( sell ) you agent for all the best combat artist in town . the fastest thing go now spider 's jack my system . rau you fast , huh ? ( beat ) hold out you hand . ralf stare at she coldly , untit shake yomomma laugh , cruelly she let go . he head you ' : pup anie goods , bitch . spider-man 's jack jacked she so tight . she shake .. another month of neo , you will be like they i put out he hand . flat , palm down , hold about six inch the table . Jane , think she speed be about to be test : how , pull back she sleeve , make a fist ; close on forearm , faint ruler - straight line of scariication der work on she , she put out she hand as well . of tremble victim of nas at the bar , beer slopping nes glass as he try to drink . ns johnny peneaic burt | cant use you . not for muscle . yo id be bi thougt meet E 4 see eeseeeeee eeeeneeeeeseese bsentlp size uz be piching for h you : ye like on pour back for 1 owl with porrr be knee as if she could go ballistic . but she bottle it in eeeaeeceeeeeeeaeeeeeeerrerrrrrr '' I p 's laptop . Jane vanish into th rs a 1 ext . ratland . night . ricky ' th ; es eeeeeesesesenest _ lon ah % = ext pactory girder . night squinting down thry the lotek she , walch jc minny mon of the loren pgs , nect - though , ong str with tool and b he have a AIR bi iw sling '' listinctive '' costume , which iver , rag of high - tech johnny maem 3 toad , thitteen , a young lotek , come strolling out on smile indulgently . he stand aside to let johnny in girder behind he . but we be thirty foot up . here . Te hesitantly step in . casual as if he 's goot in the playground . 5 por Quick pan along the length of a table spread with whit plastic . at the far end , a cryo - unit . a patent head freezer aglittering array of surgical tool . henson , heavily bandaged . wear surgical glove , step : forward . smile . 4 tit scatinnay foap : yo , j- bone , maximum leader , sir . watcha clockin ? j- bone 's not pleased at be interrupt . he gesture for to shut up . indicate johnny scurrying closer . toad join squat next to he . j- bone raise the monocular to he eye again , watch as he approach the ruin of a old building . '' Doctor will see you now , ext . ratland . night . _ johnny calmly turn to laslo , who be now block he way . you lie . ruin of a factory and outbuilding . near a river , yeah ... the shadow of a bridge . : Inside , a burnt shell of a building with black - out strip of light leak under the warpe door . johnny 's hand reach for he watch , press a button the motion detector explode . right behind lasto _ johnny immediately headbutt lasio , then grab he arm and throw he forward across the table . Instruments fly . laslo ext . ratland . night . johnny skirt the building . check it out . move up door . remove the motion detector from he belt . it to the dooriamb , he bend over and try to through the crack . the door open inward , fast . johnay 's level with laslo 's cowboy - boot ankle . soon ocala henson go after he with a high . in with silencer , skeletal sight stock , telescopic laser ext . ratland laslo : you be johnny . night . lonnny ( step back ) : be i? laslo : sure hope so . come on in , v duck into rubble , henson stalk he . he good at this . we get all night , white meat . of where j-bone and toad look down , observe lasio be a streetiyhter , the kind of foot soldier the yakuza 's toad start to speak : j- bone clap palm across he to bring along for operation in this bad - ass anarcho , town . johnny hesitates , suspicious . bone ; toad !!! E - bone : toad , toad , shit , man ... henson : you be not on the menu , but | want you to do } - bone : do ? 1 scunplay johnng . hide in the rubble below , pick up a length of steel bar ; heft it in he hand . JOHN meron be yes . say : " bye " ... henson 's finger tightening on trigger . we hear a sound like someone slugging a watermelon with a baseball bat : hensor , fall forward and we see johnny with a length of waterloggea two - by-four in he hand . j- bone look up at he ( os ) : just hold it right there . johnny turn , see lasio have the drop on they with a assault ritle , j- bone smile broadly at lasio , lift he arm , zing . a smah crossbow on he wrist release a bolt . laslo stagger , fall tace - first in a puddle . j- bone turn back to toad . johnny pick up henson 's gun , snap off the laser sight and toss it in a puddle . then the silencer . then the stock . he’ leave with a squat . brutal-look pistol . j- bone watch . it land near henson , who whip the gun up and fire . overhead , toad be shot underneath he chin , he reach up , lose he bilance , tumble to the ground , dead , you tooling up for a evening of it ? wf they think you be technical . go crude -- it they think you be crude , go technical , {ih-huh . how - ever you gonna go , you and | be even now , understand ? toad crash into the rubble . j- bone run back along disregard he own safety completely . he start the structure . johnny watch from hide . henson check toad nudge it with he shoe , resume he search . j- bone run to toad 's body . kneel beside it , cradt the bos’ head . his look say johnny wont get any favor . he scoops up the laser sight , shake it dry . estimate its usefulness , stult it in 4 pocket who be you ? look up into the muzzle of henson 's gun , inch from he tm I - bone . | run Heaven , up there . ts ( 0. bridge loom in the distance . for the first time patched thing for I ... underneath , like a insect nest , 4 mabeshift } o a schnrlat you a lead wnt get this batch of product out — grab t hind and somma hurt he thirst against a ste je dox the ra N the hee ' be < head ! omma shrug , look around yomomma : thave not be in one of this in year rauf ( rub he cheek , furious ) not since you have a dick , yes ? alfl ( sympatiretic ) how you feel now get he into the back room yomomma tilt johnny up like a break doll int . drome bar , night . 4t the bar tal prosthetic forearm : fi not one oy th a 's i * box 2 yakla a hk he di s® px we box ° . *» int . drome bar , back room . night . blurry Pov . of the ceiling , slowly come into focus . ralfis face pi " > try to reach for he head . find hes leg be free ) his pis remains calm back a a table ( he worte th ni : ) '' 6 we will need a bucket tae scurry for nat ww sack of hit wha / ar '' u not - 2 ' the k eng for surgice with rte rial shur t he a h ch er hey int . drome bar . men' room . night eeeeeeeseseseses int . drome bar . ventilation duct . night pull he int . drome bar . back room . night a4 De chat porrry , well . it 's not sterile . Stan will do , put it there . beside the table joewor , can not we talb about this ? seaney tall ? jotoorr . thave one image of the access code . pou have the too . will give you the data . everybody happy , beat shinji rwiddling the shunt simi no . you do not understand . they do not just want the they want everything it 's ever be store in . ft dawns on johnny that shinji be talk about cut off head , his eye widen as he look at the cryo-unit with understanding of its purpose . ° sreuntt : there 's less danger of information decay . and we have to worry about anyone go in with advanced technology ... this day , you see , dead man can tell shinji put the shunt down , go to the unit , snap it open . of super- chill air . click crpo-unit shut . jou there} gotta be a way to work this out — sraxn there be he tale a small rubber ball , put it in johnny 's mouth . he . he round the table . pick up shunt int , drome bar . ventilation duct . night . sane 's Pov through a small grate , watch , brace awkward position , under she weight , the weld joint duct be beginning to sag , she shift she weight . jeane ae ou int . drome bar . back room . night . shinji pull down a plasticine mask over he lace , examine the razor edge point of the shunt . check to mabe sure the rubber tube we in the bucket '' youomma will you hurry up ?! this be kinda disgusting , pou stop to think about it shinji smile . he trace the line of the artery in johany 's neck with one finger ... int . drome bar . ventilation duct , night . Jane be horrife by the spectacie . she test the joint beneath she , make a decision , draw she knee to she chest and drop she weight full onto the joint , which immediately give way . int . drome bar . back room , night . she land on the table in a shower of chest a section of pipe swing down , send shinji sprawling . stun he what the fuck .._? preny go for lane and get a very solid . pery expert bick in the head preay go down . yomomma put a expensive - look spring -knife to johny neck . the blade snap out . right on the button for johnny 's prgutar Jane counter instantiy . fipping out she own weapon . '' carantenna with a nasty fang of steel weld at tip . the blade bob . cu , like the tip of a fly rod in front of appr rrr rr srst rrr E rrr E eere htt ouay hed pretry a Jane wrrir wound . see ee eee eee eee eee eee ee eee 7 '' a not scrnnruar eeany nehoc ' . ralf fall to ralf , bent double . clutching he crotch . edge toward the filament whip through the aif . once . twice door ... the floor in three neat piece . shinji poise to use the filament on Jane , but johnny jump the table and heave it at shinji . the pistol fall to the the yakuza guard burst into the room . Jane instantly he out with a ninja throwing spike square in the of he forehead . she have the second spike ready before can get out . he smile sickly . ext . drome bar , STREET . night . high Pov watch from fire escape johnny dive for the pistol , jump up , hold it on shinji , jen tart claw through the content of a trash pile . johnny up . move ralf over next to shinji with a gesture of the look back nervously . shinji and rath freeze , but Jane jump on yomomma , be ready to get johnny in the back , and start whaling jounne what the fuck be you do ? Jane pull a batter shoulder bag trom the pile . shove jounny : it 's okay , | get the gun . johnny ahead of she . Jane beep go . a staggering combination of blow . lant : move !! ext . alley . night . johnny stumble against lange poster . '' nerve attenuation Jane finally snap to and realize what she 's do . she get ' syndrome . its not you problem — yet . '' with big eye nas poster - child . lane run !!! jouxny , enough !!! here come pretty . shinji appear behind pretty , aim past het they back toward the door , slip through . just as johnny fire a burst . puff of shred paper on the head of the child in the na : poster , where shinjis shot land . th turn . aim the pistol , click . disgust , he toss away and run . Jane , clutching she bag . on he heel : try to aim again , but pretty ts in the way . rae cupl ? ext . street . night johnny look back . pretty be gain . they run into a masegi alley no ov er garbage , past ext . alley . night . rdboard shack assorted homeeless be here , int some with nas . Jane lead jolinny deeper into the '' campl hint ext . alley . night . vce with stacked build material , etc . Dark . grab johnny , clasp she hand over he mouth ( whisper ) : I have gotta get out otf here wind ) no. stand . til take ‘er kom '' sh BOX sow + something rustle . shinji track 52 tit scutinplay shinji from low angle , its a group of lorex kide . Jen mann 5 _ _ howl as she grab finger , force he to he knee , dislocat ing he finger . j- bone raise he brow } - bone : temper , sister . we : temper my ass . i- bone . but they be in they way . shinji smile . make a cocking the gun and aim it at one of they . beat . as one . the lotek kid draw they weapon . some have knife , but other have a variety of spring - drive , jectile weapon . they expression have not change . arent about to move . the kid in shinji 's sight slowly crack tough urchin grin . beat , as shinji get the picture : he can shoot one or two , the other will get he . the red dot of a laser sight on shinji 's white shirt . pretty back off . j- bone step from the shadow , he air bow in he arm . shinji smile sickly . turn he head to notice a number of yaauza arrive . pretty be go . the red dot remain shirt . its a standolf , shinji back up slowly to the , he man j- bone smile . he lead they toa corner , push a large stab oi plpwood to one side , expose a hide exit . j- bont ; we back door ... johnny and Jane pass through the open . jsbone turn to neo of he lotek . j- bont , follow they . .. ext . street , night . johnny and Jane come run down the street a yabuza limo round the corner in the distance . tire squealing shit Jane tabe a few step toward a manhole and heave up the fitty - pound cover she shout over the clang as it hit the pavement '' down ! summ : we will find you again , Mr. Smith . Count on it . .. johnny and Jane watch from the carton maze yakuza close rank around shinji . the lotek kid johnny scramble down ; she follow . the tire of the limo hiss jeer . j- bone walk up to johnny . past , @ few foot away , beat . the foot of the two proach the mar lotek ap - I - bone : Said we be even , now you owe I one . '' church of the retranspiguration . night . preacher voice boom dim and hollow trom church as we tilt down from sign to yakuza limo up . he nod at they to follow he . a couple of lotek } proach Jane , one grinning lotek kip , near Jane , breast lotex kid : when would you grow that , janey ? ( vo ) some teach that this be the final day 4 tae SCE other lose faith utterly , brother and sister , but let usn numbered among they . .. jummnt nemec §& place cryo-unit and vid-phone on floor , bow to Street preacher , exit . takahashi appear on the small screen . oriver get out with VID - phone and cryo - unit , ei church . J 4 ( vo , filter . good evening , Karl ... | require you ser - vice . again . ' sreert preacher : we hold service nightly ... you should join we . sui ( vo , filter ) : you talent , | should say ... STREET preacnek ( contd ) : ... we have see a new way , a light . in this plague time , we goal be the vision of transfiguration , t preacher rise , turn to face vid-phone . int . church of the retransfiguration . om have preacnem , you wish someone ... bring to Jesus ? burgundy robe , clutching a ornate inverted cruci Street preacher smoothly flip he crucifix , revealing the wicked blade that protrude from Christ 's head , and show : the vid-phane . STREET preactin : to go forward , unflinch into the ane his tectnology — Street peeacnen ; ... or bring to you ? chorus of amen . he let he robe fall open as he tan ( vo , filter : to I -. . but not entirely . arm ; we see many scar of implant surgery . Street preacher frown . takahashi explain . itreet preactem I stand before you naked in the house of G whole and strong ! |. who be as you be ! and I be mad posthuman . ( vo , filter ) . his head . intact . the brain undamage . preserved in a cryo-unit . petacten and who be this jost soul . . . this sinner unre - the word ' posthumand send a special shiver through mikgan crowd . close on Street preacher as he notice the yakuza @ enter the church . st ( vo , filter ; a mnemonic courier . not local , name o! '' johnny . '' last see at a club call the drome . .. Street ' treet preacner : | sense a need for meditation , bro preacher frown , sister ... leave I now . . . the sermon be end . pr ( wnbigen be the very pace | , ( vo , fitter ) . triple you usual fee if you deliver he head Street preacher turn to the altar , kneel prayer . congregation shuttle from chapel . Driver enn menaiC 5 flash frame . johnny stumble . wince . clutching he heac almost double over with pain 36 Te scosenplay srmeet preacner : join I in the chapel , Mr. takahashi . with I jae : hey ! what 's wrong !? after a moment , he pertorm the same meditative exercise we see in the hotel bathroom . get control over the pain . he turn back to Jane . takahashi look at vid -phone image of Street preacher . taxanastt ; do not fail I , Karl . jounny . junkie in bangkok teach I that use to be a holy man ... he start walk . we : you from round there ? the screen go blank . int . abandoned subway . night . Jane have pull a flashlight from she bag . light the way . johnny 's not interested in conversation , flash frame the pain come back . even worse . he stumble against the wall , go down on he knee . . . jounny : | have to get on -line . . . must be somebody I can square this — jang : fifty thou , you say . time | see the color , right ? jounny , right . you be terrific . so if you will just point the way and give I a account number for the cash transfer — Jane : [ tm on you till you pay , mister . no mistake . 1 come on ... over here ... she get he up , lead over to a ledge . no ... tve gotta beat er man ... you be fuck up severe Jane ( contd ) how come they wanna cut off you head . I mean , usually they just kill people , around here . jounny : Long story . Jane : I be not go anywhere till | get pay . jounny : | can carry nearly eighty gig of data in a sixty if | use of doubler . trouble be , somebody 's st jem back , move silently , leave he alone in the more than that and | dont know how to get it he sink back on the ledge and cradle he head in he lant . you be @ smuggler . check he pupil with she tight something splashes in the dark Der light off . behind they , Jane snap i ] cum int . takahashi's office . night . great elegance and control . sword in hand , takahashi shinjl across the fall body 7 takahashi at he desk . a 3 - D vid-sbetch of annas face on monhor . : 1 give you no permission to have kobun . taxamas ( 10 himself ) I have see pou , | know . . . before he punch command , face flip from the image bank , fay anna’ , joob for a match . tabahashi watch for 4 moment , then get up , go cabinet in the comet , open the door . which have a takahashi scrutinite the tatoos without comment . tabahast the inside . he tabe a clean white shirt from a neat stack point he sword at one of the design shell and remove the one he be wear . revealing he ( in japanese 's . what do this , shinji foob from the tattoo to tabahashi , then , very deliber as tabahashi the fresh shirt , he hear ee ately , answer in English don . he reach inside the cabinet . remove and a antique samutal sword . ie the door open . shinji enter with two of he man , a can and a latino . anxious secretary behind they beat sremetazy you can not just wall it ls misspety tabahashi mod to she . its all right . shinji give a shinjt eve be on the sword bow . his henchmen explore the office . tabahashi they . ( in jopanese , look down at the body ) , be to have be dispatch with such a not no tacanasit ( in japanese ) who ore this man ? . twice you have attempt to capture lory , twice you have fail . in neithe : stat : they be my kobun . not inform . that must not happen again . tabahashi move libe lightning he kill the single . expert , lightning stroke . he bill the latino . start to draw he gun , with two stroke . very takahasht locate he . inform I . | will supervise he swinit yes , sir . takamashl : =I want he head before morning . be that clear ? jounny , you let I sleep !? to schrnplay hoy endl 6 gum wrapper . crumpled money , throw spike , sunglass credit card , a hand grenade on a key chain with a minia - ture troll and a Beer opener ... she grab it . understood ? jounny : what 's thar ? shinji bow . leave . takahashi step around body , the monitor on he desk . on the monitor . still search through the parade of face . . . Jane quickly put the stuff back into she bag it 's a beer opener . int , villa . study . day . she recover she poise . johnny return to the issue at hand . grainy . fade home movie quality . Inside a haxurious but : study , a few child toy be scattered . a woman be at behind the desk , she head bent over , so we cant see she : the lighting be behind she , turn she into a ominous ence . a ch’ Pov hesitantly approach the woman . - move in . the image bleach . glitches ... we hear a CUT to . I tok you , tm in a hurry tm a dead man , do not get this out of my head . . he hoist himself up . he become aware of he bloody wipe it olf . as he do so , he notice he hand 1s oddly fold , two of the finger be curl inward . he untold they , but when he let go they curl inwards again . he hide he hana from Jane . but shes see it he start walk . Jane try to mabe conversation . int . underground tunnel . night . johnny wake up with a start . his nose be bleed he doesnt notice . he see Jane look down on he , cern she 's be stand guard . it take he a get he bearing . the dream have disturb he . then ize . you ever sneak a look at what you be carry ? usually there 's a code , like a lock . when there be not ? no. go with the territory , safer for I . safer for the -' how come you bnow that , uh bs , call ‘em . I sort of hang with they . before , how they his anger take she by surprise . she involuntarily stuff in you head , anyway ? jat meet 6 int . drome bar . back room . night . a mcrawur Joan , Implant . wet -wire . { have to dump a lot of memory . Jane , dumpt jonny , my childhood . Jane absorb this . incredulous , a little shocked . Janet : all of it ? you can not remember any of it ? jomery , maybe some residual stuff . every now and then , something . ..1 can never hold on to it hooky , with mop and pail , be clean the floor a after raltis demise . but hes almost do . laietoc one a with the cyro-unit in om cross 10 table and put crpo~unit on it jant , that 's seriously weird , jonny ) maybe I do not lose anything | want to keep . | the space for the job , Jane : you get parent and stuff ? that weird glitch again , inside johnoy preacner for all table be full of vomit and filthiness . so that there be no place clean ... shoulda see it before . potacter , isaiah . mine 's hooky . prracnre ( i an : snagging hooky 's earring ) be you __. save , Jane , sure ... one . have not see he in gear . johnny look at she . then he shrug . jowwny yeah ... anyway , | do not think about it . iant ) so what do you think about ? when you be alone ? intense blue - white light and a frosty putt of the question hit a sensitive spot johnny deflect it ait , take hooky 's elbow and guide he pro . into the unk . beat withdrow it white with frost , jone , right now tm think about where we can go the unit . hooky stare mourntully at he trozen hook the net '' the girl . she take ralf 's boy out of the back johnny speed up he pace . no more talk . '' puny mhlnow . . . oon q wv 's F . . . . . . : Ho . . . ' stet for . . . . ' hoo» 1e wannabe . in here hustling for work . 5 t at . . hex hox hex ext . high above STREET . night strovt p ; Tina be camera icher exit the drome bar , twx jhu aeh 4 ? computer shop . back room . rey not crmunar stump , whoa , Street preacher 's out . j- bone. you int . heaven . night . jamme with box . a desk litter with papers , etc . johnny turn on desk lamp , sweep everything else to the /- bone sit on victorian chair , watch vid-screen , floor optically combine with the lotek ' binocular . two yt loter be with he . ny pind meat sino-logic 16 , j- bont : look at that son of a bitch . do not have a no elt in he body . so jack up he oughta squeal when he take that collection plate money and have himself sh youn lorex # 1 : he really a preacher , }- bone ? I - bont : motherfucher 's get God and technology kill people for money to keep that steeple over he stump ( vo , filter want we to follow he ? j- bont , keep the fuck away from he . man 's just too Jane scan the shelf , pull down # carton , pass it to he . he recite a list of the thing he need . stealth module . .. one burdine intelligent translator dissolve to - later . the sino-logic 16 look like a super - fast laptop , it 's connect , via a modem line , to the shop 's phone , johnny 's connect alt the various unit . turn on the computer , put on goggle and glove . goggle leave he Pov in dark - ness int . computer shop . night , blackness Jane ( vo ) slick . where would you learn to do that ? j johnny' Pov as the goggle activate , suck he intoa rusk oe rrs through virtual reality rush stop . this version of cyberspace be a 3 - D grid . densely array with various wedge of faint light as rear door open . we dp — shape each shape represent data in a particular computer make out johnny . rwisting a last connection into wire se ae ne ee we vr experience be always from sounny 's poy . as he Jane : do what ? '' hand , '' simplify icon generate by the glove , pick up and ( pulate shape . the shape have a peculiar characteris - he follow . when he open one , it unfold infinitely . surround he dn that particular universe of data , he 's do it now , he jonny , break and enter . joet erent 6 his Pov . his hand untangle a knot of data . another vir - tual screen leap out of it , Hand icon move to another sane 's pow johnny be sit there . adroitly manipulate noni object with he glove hand , as serious about it as jj disarming a bomb . it look goofy . absurd . ee I $ int . yakuza computer central . night . tane ( vo ) what be you do ? jounay : make a long-distance call ... Beijing ... a hotel _ . same Pov of the hand and the box . then the picture zoom out and turn into 4 grid . a high - rez map of Newark . a arrow pulsing at one spot . a yakuza operator remove he goggle , speak into he heaa set . sounny Pov . as something admit he , the beut HOTEL glow for a instant , red neon . a virtual screen scrolling data . we follow johnny move as he fish particular fragment of information . # 1 ; get he . 5326 sutton Plaza , sub level 3. lounny ( vo ) , fax charge for suite 2571 ... 15 January , 2021 say 115 pm , 11:30 . . ext , newark STREET . night , data in tighter resolution . it 's in chinese a yakuza limo hang a u-turn , speed into the night . jounny ( vo ) on-line translation . int . computer shop . night . johnny' Pov , as another virtual screen blip out of another box . chinese become english . fonnny ( vo ) shit . hold it , hold it ... cmon , baby , all the way . back to Newark ... copy shop ... yeah . it 's here ! part of it 's here . in the buffer of they fax modem . . jane Pov he '' look '' up at she . eye cover by the massive founny , it 's just a all - night copy shop . they be send to 4 copy shop . here . in Newark . she doesnt know what he 's talk about . his hand move again , very fast jueuny eeoc 1 get off my board . man ! you be too hot ! you be a hit wait happen ! off ! ( vo ) you owe I , Strike . hey , [ do not owe you that much ! ( vo , bluff ) : | can crash you from here . you know I can . wipe out you entire board ... johnny . do not , man , that 's my livelihood . . . I need to know what I be hold , Strike . why 's the yakuza after it ? who 's Dr. allcome ? all | know be you get 4 head full of pharmakom data and the yakuza want you dad 's pharmakom ? Strike cringe as 4 change shoot across he hold of data , the jounny nothing . nothing but 4 name . '' Dr. allcome . '' come through . .. shit ! close he glow fist , tight . jounny' Pov . as we reverse , dizzingly , through the computer that have constitute cyberspace , box refolding and jant ( vo ) ; let 's go. okay ? jounny ( vo ) : no , I be go to try something else . guy strite . we move through cyberspace again . texture twist and coarsen . he look at this with horror . founny ( vo ) ; he run a board in this sector . owe I a ; shit ! they put a virus on we ! get out of here , man ! | never maybe he can find this doctor for I — hear of any Dr. malcom , I never — he stop in horror as suddenly part of he image disappear . then another part . like someone work a eraser . Strike vanish with a digital scream as the virus eat he image . int . computer shop . night . Jane 's restless , nervous as a cat but just as quiet . slip through the shop to the display window . jane Pov . ing move out there . take a makeup mirror from she bag and extend i be there , staixe 's ' board be a smooth gray cube . gee 10 work on it lonnny ( vo ) , come on , man . jet I in ... ext . STREET . outside computer shop . night . the yakuza limo hiss around the corner , computer shop . . int . computer shop . back room . night . a window open in the side of the cube : a virtual Strike be on it , digitally disguise . jane flounny ( genuinely baffle ) who the hell be pou ? vane tee scriemrtar then she see yakuza approach . keep close tg shadow of the building . igure in long black coat : shit scramble for the back room int . computer shop . back room . night , johnnys Pov on Strike 's cube as something start to I out of it , something with a much higher bit rate . finer resq tion , Anna , crazy delight in she eye at see johnny . Anna 's face crumple with sorrow , she’ about to when . Jane rip the goggle off , take Anna and cyberspace they , move ! move ! sound of breaking glass . CUT to . the yakuza . kick in the tront door . shinji behind he man int . computer shop . night . Jane reach into she bag , come out with the grenade chain johnny divert to grab a brightly print carton ( infor 3000 ) from stock shelf hey erin % sjane sit down . her bag be on the table . johnny turn it over , dump the content on the table . * the cary Jane pull the pin and toss the grenade toward the frantically swerve to grab johnny and pull he out , int . service alley . night . hey ! he pull a phone - card out of the pile . mind if I use this ? ka - boom ! " johnny and Jane crash out the service and run , johnny with carton under arm . the ing building behind they . Jane sigh , close on johnny 's hand as he slip she card into jounny : a beer opener ?! the intobahn clip . — rane man owe I fifty thou and he 's scamm my phone -card . ext . computer shop . night . ( grin ) ; and it 's still we first date . . shinji get up from where the explosion have tmrown he , johnny get up and head for the pay vid-phone in the back . himself off . his man lie dead or wounded , moaning . pay they no mind , he eye burn with fury . int , underground mall area . night . int . underground mall . coffee shop . VID - phone . night . johnny slot clipped card in phone . get dial tone . number for pharmakom industry . they branch here in seedy , ill - light , nearly desert . at counter , Jane pick Newark : coffee in paper cup and carry they over to johnny : johnny take the infobahn 3000 from carton ; it have a number appear on the screen . he dial on infobahn . ical keypad , a small screen , but be unlike vid-phone pharmakom logo appear over gorgeous sunset cloud . see . a short curly cord end in a clip for mail ( vo ) you have reach the office of pharmakom nate , a subsidiary of pharmakombinat . if you know number of the section — johnny 's sorting through a thick deck of credit card . head of security . . Jane ; great . now I be a waitress , jounny , | can 's use any of this . the yakuza 's watch wait for the first transaction . he work infobahn keypad like a ace . on payphone 45 pretty logo be replace by pharmakom inter % tat scop jy nhi '' national phonebook . as johnny hack and we in on the number . we hear it ring . pharmakom man appear on screen . peer narrowly at johnny fight . but johnny have convinced himselt this guy will negotiste . they be corporate so 's the yolura ! listen , if pou do not come , fine . it 's a business meeting be not you bind of scene . if it work out , ii get you the money | owe you . if it doesnt — secumry this number be unlist . it 's a federal offense — jounny , Don 's like surprise ? sreurrm no , not at all , jounny , [ have $ 20 gigabyte of pharmakom data . it it do not , you be dead ! this get Security 's full attention . he glance make eye contact os . shoulder movement suggest | use keyboard os . he round on she . fm gonna be dead anyway . I don 's get this shit owt of my bead '' joey do not bother , Ill be out of here in twenty second . z stung. she stop . he walk on . she tabe a step . something 's beat atfect she coordination . secumm what do you want ? jounny you data , out of my head . I have get one image , you the other two ... '' h-hep ! listen ! this guy spider ? use to be a doctor ? h-he could f-fx you , maybe , pour head .. . johnny look back , see she condition beat . hey . what 's with pou ? secuntty ( lie ) : that can be arrange th. aaaaah .... bebe alll e-r -r — jornory , let meet . scocusats ghusal johnny grate she as she start to sink to the ground . in this he’ instinctively assume responsibility — but with it , panic , look around as if hell be able to hand she to else : here , pou tabe care of she . y stare briefly , walk on as if they havent seer int . underground mall , night . johnny walk fast , try of outdistance she . Jane you be crazy ! they will chop you head off ! ! you be sick , you strung out or what ? ud Te scary jmet ernie '' shabe she head . shudder , try to pull herself landfill . in front of spider' garage . sheer force of will . johnny look up . horrify as he : _ night . actazy facade of graffity sheet metal . johnny halt drag . halt carry Jane out of a cab . she can barely walk , she leave leg mahe weird robotic movement , johnny prop Jane against the wall beside a crudely install intercom / videocam unit ; press the button , wait impa - tently . ( vo ) , if you be not expect you be not invite . so fuck off . obay ? ( vo ) : janey ? ) get down here , man ! she 's sich ! he push Jane up to the intercom / videocam . whey ... spider , babe ...1 , .. johnny try to hold she upright as she start to convulse . he can 's . she 's thrashing in a puddle . blood at the corner of she mouth , door crash open : spider rush out get you wallet in she mouth ! johnny whip out wallet ; it flip open , spraying credit card . he wedge it between she tooth . spider pick she up in fire - man 's carry , while johnny scramble to pick up he card . duck in after spider just before the door slam shut . jounny , you get nas ! jant : no !!! her eye roll up , johnny have to litt she in he arm , jounny , have get a meer ! she manage to subdue it , long enough to speak , but . lane : ggo ... g-g jounwy [ can not deal with this now , understand ? he carry she to a nearby doorway and put she down . jonny ) whatever it be , you be sideline , right ? | gotta meeting — het eye roll up . jomo hey ! can you hear I ? she snap back into focus . Jane ; spider , he 's g-got d-drug . . . he 's get a p-place .. - far from here . . johnny look down at she . at he watch , at she . he 's at of he tether , at war with himself and furious he have this position 8 it scugnplat mechanic gear— like a cross between a abortion @ transmission shop . johnny help spider carry Jane to the surgical table . move fast , Jane 's condition have he total attention ; its he slip a band of electrode down over she consult 4 monitor . seu aenenic 8 he 's so intense we immediately doubt it so what do cause it ? Cause it ? the world cause it . he start grab thing : computer screen , disk drive . light jounny look , | gotta ruan — bulb , a vid-phone . , . spier : shut up . give I the muscle relaxant the red this cause wt ... this cause it ... this cause it ... ( grab johnny ) you cause it ... | cause it . . information overload . all the electronics around you , poisoning the airwave . tech - nological fuck civilization ! but we still have all this shit , " cause we cant live without it now , let I do my work . and instrument , pass it to spider . spider tug at jane expose skin ; press muzzle of injector against it , hres . sigh , stretch , she muscle unkink he pick up a sharp , ugly instrument . johnny turn away . jook around the room . os , nasty machine noise ; johnny glance in that direction , wince . then he spot spider com - puter setup ; a futuristic PC attach to fancy peripheral , cover a twenty - foot table . he’ draw to it like a moth to a flame . pick up the telephone handset , glance to make sure spider be busy . punch in a number . we hear it ring . jonnny : it 's nas , right ? spine yeah , the black shake . like hall the people around this town . . . he look at johnny , he ere narrowing with ousy . sper who be you ? New boyfriend ? johnny doesnt answer . spider lag out probe and the screen saver come back on and immediately start tc ment . suddenly he stop . morph into the image of Anna . johnny pull back , spook spon , you just understand one thing , okay ? jounny : what 's that ? spier : it be not my work get she this way , my é besides . you do not get this shit from amp job . I be lose it ... mye yes ! we have both lose so much — jounny : I be see thing . right ? see thing .. . Anna : yes , johnny ! see thing ! but you must remember all feel ! how each thing smell and taste ! you use to ) put you tongue against the iron railing , and look out the park . you tell I it make a taste in you mouth like let I take you home , johnay — suey alr 8 spider move a little closer , size johnny up . . do see that in Newark much . just johnny . kinda up scale for we . you know ? , wy get mine in Singapore , yp , what 's the deal , just johnny ? johnny 's reaction . where do she get this from ? I get this problem . up here . maybe you can help I . sper ( os , angry ) ; what do you think you be do !? io int . spider garage . night . saver . johnny notice the handset beeping . replace it . johnny in dentist 's chair . spider scanning he head . stucty - ing result on a monitor . jonni : just — just look . on the monitor . spinex ; do not touch anything who the fuck be you ? jomo : johnny . spier : johnny who ? jonny : just johnny .. . the inside of johnny 's head . the implant itself be small . but throughout he brain , dark streak , almost like oil , be blur the neural pathway . spider whistle . '' man , they do some serious shoehorn to get that in eae ae ne ir set rn re * you do not know the half of it . must be hurt like hell , t think I need you to tell I that ? | get three hundred and _ twenty gig in there . flash frame . he wince as he head give he spider look at he , curious . johnny scan the lab they . jomon look like a full - service shop ... how be you implant ? have see spider react to the number . he be very interested now ; * be very careful . spider size he up . what ts it . exactly ? what bind of stuff ? Joan silicon implant . neural overlay . memory tion . joey henew ext . spider' garage . night . spite : holcomt % ta creamlay jadu moen a . spider' garage , night . beat . spider shige . step outand see a ancient step - up van retrofitted with huge . blimplike gasbag on top . a jumble ’of gas line pro- spiper : maybe .. rude from the gasbag and run around to the exhaust . a spider jogo on its side . johnny stare . johnny jump out of the chair . methane . beat hell out of wait on esso , i jounny , where be he ? ext . spider 's garage , night . sraper : | say '' maybe . '' why do you want to see he ? Jane : c'mon . spider ! Street preacher circle the building , start 10 run as he hear noisy ignition and backfiring of van . he turn to Jane , ooze concern . put a around she . like a father , but also a bit like a lover , int , spider be van , night . all in . spider step on the gas . slowly , .. as the van turn around the building . Street preacher appear . rush straight toward they , like a locomotive . sptoex , do not worry . Il make sure just johnny get to see need to see . but you . you need bed rest , janey , Big time . something in she want to buy this : he 's she fuck , mentor , they have sleep together . she 's barely she attack ... he floors it . head straight for Street preacher , who dive . aiming for the windshield , strike . shatter it . and roll off . vanish . tire scream as spider hang a insanely tight turn and they up street . away from gurage . johnny look at spider . Jane : but ... he 's my client , spree : tm tellin’ you . you gotta sleep ! jonny : just tell I where to go ! b who the fuck be thar ?! beat . spider glance at Jane . het approval of he ~ 's to around crack - webbed t spiper : I will drive you . be ae see impac ! he precede they to the back door you dont want to bnow . 38 Te screinplat ext . pavement beside spider 's garage . jeehny mucnanie 8 ? side of union station . night , Street preacher on hand and knee . shabe himself , to he foot , bloody but unbow . ; * van swerve around a corner and pull into a load bay of the disus Art Deco station ext . street , night . int . union station . night . Dark . Light angle in from elsewhere in the building as spider spider 's van race through the night open # door , lead johnny and Jane up the stair int . takahashi's office . night . int . station hall . night . tabahashi be at he desk . the image of Anna in front match with a more formal portrait . his secretary another monitor . they emerge into a huge hall file with nas parent in | advanced stage of the disease . owperues put body on stretcher , nurse tend to they patient , everything be make - shift Secretary : Anna kalmann . founder . former ceo of the tional pharmakombinat industrie , Zurich . born. | die , 5 September 2015 . there be far too many patient , lar too few personnel , johnny and Jane stare in horror ; spider doesnt even seem to notice . he gesture to they and they follow he as he find a path through the room . he take a white coat from a rack . slip hon as he go . takahashl = die ? six year ago ? Secretary she be imprint to pharmakom 's neural - net lation in Zurich prior to onset of morbidity . a nurse . who seem to be a nas patient herself , look up . spider , thank God you be here spider go over to she and help check out she patient . they a lorex scrawl erase Anna 's portrait ; intense burst cut off as the secretary switch off the screen . but have miss this , turn away . move on toward a tentlibe structure that partition a of the hall . the nurse smile at johnny as he pass . taxanasit : a ghost ... the way . spider stop at various patient , look at they . johnny hecineic a check chart , etc. , make sure johnny get a good look at the suttering that go on here younn '' where 's Dr. allcome ? 2 , '' Dr. allcome '' be who we page in hospital if we get a major pre »blem and we do not want to spook the civilian . jae huh ? spore : '' Dr. allcome to Ward Seven . '' and we all drop everything and haul ass to wherever . usually it mean we get a crazy . somebody violent . . . it mean we need all the help we can get joumny . but I see it on a fax buffer — they have reach the tentlike partition and spider precede johnny and Jane inside . int . tent / operating room . night . jury-rigged by someone who be endlessly inventive . some genuine medical equipment be mix freely with homemade contraption and gadget . spider , johnny and Jane enter , spi der direct johnny to a operate table . shier : that fax be suppose to be for we beat . a : johnny digest this , still suspicious who 's '' we ? seve , the nas underground . people who keep this place go people like I . get on the table here why ? do not be a bigger asshole than you have to , okay ? lie hy x jet pusn & '' v x now let 's take a better look at that shit he throw a series of switch , a whirring sound . for and number display on a console . spider nod , asi suspicion have be confirm . j tee no acce ode ? hn except for one image . out of three I , he pocket . but spider shabe he head . with help . what do they use , random image ? from the tv spider nod . hes not hopetul spine : obay , I have get some decryption progeam here , well they , see if we get anything Jane 's '' 1 few whirri sonuerne hor you should be en out fer ? 1 q yes return to johnny . concern . spider novice ia ses at he . we can see it bother he , the wil picker curse softly . '' 4 Te screw joet aea % jounny no dice ? like a rea ! cure ? they could have you straighten out in three week spider push away the cat - scan gear . aca ane kate hike pe ane ton : johnay have hit upon a inconsistency in spider 's story . jounny , how ? everybody 's try to cut off my tucking head — m so they can take it back to saigon and run it under '' quantum interference detector . but then they would have the cure and we would not . you leave that thing in you head , nobody can save you . plus the cure be lose , forever . let I take it out , | can save the cure . even if we have the code , the seepage be sc bad . it would probably come out as garbage what 's it suppose to matter to I ? if I be dead . you follow I ? the cure can save million of life , you be gonna die anyway if we do not get it out . you can make a difference . spiper , with a general anesthetic , a cranial drill , and cep , beat . jounny , you be jobe . right ? sper : no joke jounny . and | could die , too , right ? ° spiper : it 's go to kill you anyway , when it rupture . 1 you will probably survive . you would lose some fine - motor might not be able to remember anything for more three minute , but — johnny be not sure what to believe . jounny : puck that . all | know be that whatever 's in my head be worth a lot of money . why should I trust you ? ( turn to Jane ) you be sup - pose to be my bodyguard here . spider come closer to johnny . sper : let I tell you something . let 's start with what inside there . just so you know what it 's worth , okay ? worth to the world . ( beat ) you be carry the cure jone stand , look back and forth from one to the other . what the hell be the alternative here , anyway ? a roll stretcher crash through the tent flap , fly across room and smashes into the wall . the nurse 's body fall the stretcher : eye dead , she neck break , preacher enter , hand spread as if about to launch inte . he face aglow with the possibility of what he 's jus : johnny study he carefully ; be this bultshit ? cant jounny . you be tell I | get — spiner ; pharmakom 's complete R&D on they cure for tenuation syndrome , plus the record of the prove it work . and it work like a motherfucker . % tat scmuplay joy enol % int . tent / operating room . night . _ Street preacher hold spider against the wall peeacntr : who be Jones ? '' deal hot wetware in Cleveland steret preacite® , praise be unto the Lord . that cure be behold you savior ! spider make a instant decision sptper : run for it ! he hurl himself at Street preacher , who pluck he air and toss he aside , advance on johnny . johnny . next to the operat table , 4 healt eae oauier pheanaat amt ae reaching for spider , who make a very good try at kick with two quick throwing spike in a row . Street Street preacher in the ball and diving past he , but it doesn pluck one out of the air , but the other plant work . caught in that big hand , spider flung back againsi shoulder . Street preacher grunt , then pluck the wall . Street preacher 's eye fall on the surgical tool . he from he shoulder . piss off at he own sloppiness . stare reverentiy . then turn he attention back to spider . spider tackle Street preacher around the leg . down . T pract : you can not lie to I , sinner , Jesus be my co - pilot . preacner : tell I where they be Street preacher drive a scalpel through the open palm to spider 's leave hand , through the plywood . pin he there . int . maintenance tunnel . night . sprinter : run !! get to Jones ! maybe he can do it ! Jane and johnny stand fora brief moment , unwilling to spider 's sacrifice . dohnny and Jane hurry along : Jane beep look back . a scream echoe eerily johnny and Jane stop , spook . snow spider be go johnny touch Jane on the shoulder it a tender , protective gesture . they continue sewer : jones. janey " ! get he to jonest ! Street preacher lift spider and hurl he against spider on the floor . not move . johnny grab Jane , pull she away . they finally run look back over she shoulder to spider . Street up , look atter they , be about to follow when a i spider catch he eye . he approach spider , hoist : spider 's van race through the night . spider be van , night . screen of funky dashboard VID - phone as phar - int . union station . night . johnny and Jane run into a tunnel 8 the screnruy jhhnat uenonic " adjust the dash - phone 's camera so Security can only . not Jane next to he . we notice the infobahn sooo into the dash - phone . listen to I , takahashi , before it 's too late . tabahashis eye bug with a mixture of rage and occuii rashomon terror . deep down , he believe in ghost . you daughter be go and you feel that as a great wrong . but | offer you the chance to right 4 great wrong — sui ( exaggerated calm ) ; no . this be not happen . lounny : | could not make the meet , but I be still up for it . Security , certainly . fonnny : this time the place be Heaven . under the bridge in 5 ... bring the rest of the code . Security : Ill be there . he reach to shut off the monitor , but something in she look stop he . ive learn so many thing since my death , takahashi . ! fle into the net . and I see everything . | see that they have — johnny break the connection . Jane look at he . lane : great . now if he doesnt kill you . j- bone will , click . he shut off the monitor . stare at the blank screen , breathe deeply . johnny shrug . speed on . ey on ext , ratland . night . int . takahashi's office . night , the rubble-strewn plain , the bridge in background . johnny and Jane pull up below bridge in spider 's van . ext . heaven , lookout . night . various angle establish Heaven . its bulg patch - work flank sugy the world 's large tree house . build by several generation of hardcore Wild boy . we move in — ~ as if approach a spaceship make of gar - bage . here 's the vw-bomber . a device design to hold and drop three volkswagen bug . the vws be stacked like : through they shattered window , we see hundred to jar and jug of a amber fluid — ~ gasoline . tilt down this mad contraption to a small platform , stick , a young lotek . and he supoy be on sentry duty . the shit , apparently stone . on a monitor on takahashis desk . on it . the security man slump , eye blank , mouth open , as if dead . pull back to takahashi with he hand in a video glove connect to the monitor . he wiggle he the monitor , the security man’ eye and tongue squirm grotesquely . takahashi : ~= he want the cade . make the puppet image speak in sync . there ts man , takahashi remove he hand from the video puppet on the screen doesnt go limp . lot smile at he , morph into Anna . int ae | { she , i want '' with rt the with yer and screw the physical it | about feelir no what ext . below bridge . night johnny sound van horn , lean in through the window no sign of life from above . } top , he y wr ft if that ally tr t you id save '' t know ! wh t der j 102 tm scrtenruay get he full attention . he 's pick up a batter and a stick . jounny , memory augment ? Jane , I be not sure . anyway . he 's . . . ( shrug , ata loss ) you 's beat . johnny sense she 's hold something back . glance up to Heaven and start bang the stick on can lid , a loud racket . johnny mhenanic 103 oh shit ...! multistage action of bomber mechanism as bottom - most vw be release , it shoot down ramp : still attach by rip - cord to incendiary fuse . cord go taut : fuse ignite . ext . below bridge , night . Jane 's oblivious as the fall vw catch fire . plummete straight for she . johnny look up , see it , dive over , tackle she and roll . vw impact van . fireball of combine methane and gas - oline . Jane on she back in the mud , stare up at johnny . ext . heaven . platform . night . stick crane out over black void , listen . snick : somebody crazy . down there .. . get on my buoy ) ratland 's fulla crazy , stick . ignore , man . sncx : hey , look . its spider 's van . .. let 's drop of bug on der , man ... stick 's only kid , to bug buddy . buppy hey , do not even say that ! j- bone will shit , he hear know how jumpy he 's be — wha — ? for the briefest moment it seem as if he might biss she . but he frustration and anger boil over . he get up . & what the tuck be go on !? ( shout 10 Heaven ) what the stick be only bait buddy , now he 's climb up to the fuck be go on !? that release the vws . he turn to Jane . ranting now . buppy , hey ! shit. man — stick grins ; enjoy put buddy uptight . sick : hey nothin’ . it 's what they be for ... stick with he hand on the lever , just jack buddy he foot slip ; look of horror as he 's force to grab to keep from fall . swing down on lever . '' you know , all my life I have be careful to stay in my own comer , look out for number one . no complication , now nly I be responsible for the entire fuck world and and he mother be try to bill I if my head blow up first ... 45 about to lose it . too , then claim the moral high ground ' peap say a nve apid {ura buying sujasa ) a nog - { — sn be sap jauoge ' sau 99s o ] bae am , anve aint-o4ad & pur isinvavi oys e saqe ) ay ] ' aaray or auredasd sy '' lhoin '' adiddo s.ahsvhvmvl '' in — aray uy ty 19h qomaue ayi jo do} uo spuey auog -f site spury 319e2 241 umop apgoinb jatt 2uog - T yoo ) y 10g say ] inl ) sayn I ! o} payreue figvo wwyy supiny squwou sivedust jovi tvliw aavth pot | th , e wed '' af 4 2 il ae ep eon dur pun uve soy ) pray urqony dus sy pue =~ ' annhot sooty ) # 40 acueyua dino ) ' sipuieiuod pi}i9 uuod s}2800 ] jo s9{52s B owui PUK aym niva '' giontasns # $ 0190 suuyor woddn auey puv auog - '' ' ia gin daquow be soum , jo sanwanw ( 212 '' smogssosd yim paull sxa1o7 by ) ayumuuiod payjuo} & S [ 109 } > st uaseapy ul bun Sf jiomaubl ] iyi sp ypm snzlot jo gmoud wayy je supe auer bunue yn suuyos '' lhoin '' fogg maotag '' lxa qaep aut o1uy sast ate aia pe ' aoe jey ' souiya honim W '' ut auuyor jne yy sdjay auEg - jauog - for nur szapid ( umop aunujod ) saang jow diay 3 jp} nos wauo yy anoy - [ . hos oy aq paresne ' sdo} sour ? 1980 suyaquy ' buy os]8 240 snziot athlo '' uta puyyaq ssvadde auog - '' ' sannos t78t oitizlninn 224 @ sjuo saanposd ing buypauuos svs o1 at fuuyor ' aun uy isnt wry sqesd aun ing ' apis ay 4aa0 sajddot soe pur 1 ydudn ay sassiu apy apyong saauy sty se uoddn 1 oj 1 y8udn ue tof gerd oo} sey pue sazui@ ay a se > at ) oil } yasunny yjnd 0 } satn ay se isnf ing ' suuyor ua ' uo sad 2 uvf — luaproce ue sexy , hdus pop ue ae nos ‘uyw ( so ) a acang '' uo quid ( Z¥9g ) * * nok wuss sap f° ' gue of o} 4oeq syoos uay aysnopoidsn auuyor sade aug ! jasey '' and sau0f si 01 198 eno 's ayy { abqo ' dn sn ig ) doqjzeg jyey ) UI ] ion : alay woy 4 uop be ing bupue yn aueayo sy auuyor eat supuiey sq pareunungyy ' 2 uer pure suuyor uo ad '' lhoin " ( waodlv 1d ' ndavah ' xa '' mowwwssuup ion od inoge isn ] ou su agd dw '' anv [ aoe ou nue atp apisut see rapid durquny seay 2u0gt 701 te ee jenuat acraaic it 's wait , sir ippce Tan be '' a on e secretary 's mabe sure he 's really go . she press a buttor phone . shinjis face appear on the screen . see - secs he 's on he way dement faith steet poeacue , you can run . sinner , but pou cant hide . . h t . '' the prior . . ' int . villa . study . day . . . c @ t the same home movie quality and ominous lighting . the same woman behind the desk , she face invisible 's nage bleache . . . . . . . € the eeeeeenee lar barely Jane can barely '' t hed ox again than anything else . but then she realize hx ns for he be and she smile disappear johnny catch she expression jonnny : = I be all right she turn away and he realize he misinterpreted ] owuwr thought . he sit up , still somewhat th zy . reach for} biss and all the danger and bottled - up fear of the ns into passion ( os ) hey . we get a special room for that they let go of each other . see j- bone grin at they , grin fade } - bont ; time to meet Jones ext . ratland . night . Three yabuza limo arrive . park with smoking shell of 33 '' background . shinji 's assautr team emerge oy shinji . team unload black nylon carryall from trunk shinji scan Heaven with binocular heavywhiant open a bag and lift out a compact aircraft missile launcher . hand this to he p female yakuza , who heft it admiringly . pemate yakuza . come to momma summ only if we require a diversion I - bont : spider 's people , they give we information . we out joma , out it ? j- bont : Wide -band . Global . off the commsat Jones she sight it , in love . shinji lower binocular . turn . ext . heaven . below bridge . night . shinji clip line-climber to end of line . clip line - climber to he harness . five harness wencnman also fire up line . int . heaven . through container . night , j- bone quickly lead johnny and Jane through they teach you that in ning live quarter , a workshop , a schoolreom make school bus , even a hydroponic vegetable garden . ona way between two container , johnny accidentally into a tool kit with he foot , see it pall out of sight river . shinji pause , look at he henchmen , takahashi be mine . shinji touch a button on the line - climber and rise smoothly out of sight . his henchmen follow . int . heaven . node . night . hk — — Jane 's hand on glass of tank ; a dolphin 's nose nudge the int . heaven , night . glass in greeting from inside . through doorway into lotek command central . '' jones. by a tree of dozen of monitor in the center . a lotek high in the air on a old convert electric chair on a . able base , the boom -chair . check a monitor . monitor , central to a rag Mass of equipment . isa its water clear enough to show a creature inside . die of cable sling down into the water ; scanner to parabolic scanner mark '' US . navy . '' high and wide apart . johnny stand and stare at the surreal spectacle . johnny step forward , puzzle . the dolphin , Jones , surface in 4 gout of water . Split second glimpse of navy armor . we a... fish !? mammal the dolphin surface again and now stay up . the scanner swivel , lock on johnny . johnny jump as a scan beam oi ext , heaven , structural detail , night . cu as piton , trail a fine line , embed itself in line be pull taut . gear around the eye swivel ; scanner swivel in then scanner emit a shrill series of click - joe engi " 3 oo 1a fi ak . it mm h remo ' needle proache i 4 junkie the navy addict ‘em all to this shit they would do the work . we give it to he now , it make hin think he 's swim hi {¥ po in injection ve . . a '' er be . . hing ere '' . . tw t . ' he t . wnd Jane exchange a look ext . heaven , girder below bridge , night . pitch dark . Street preacher steam - engine breath as he sosition . we see 1 the hoor with '' tit schrenplat joonny nneuaic 6 jomo wait a minute .. . j- bont : no time , friend . you be the man in a hurry . int . heaven . node . night . on a wide - screen monitor a lorex have feed in the code image . which fill one - third of the screen the other two - third be fill with flickering video snow johnny anxious to sear j- bone urge he toward chair ; johnny resist . jounwy , have you do this before ? have he ? how this ? wy let doit .. enn not a sar er em 1 ) not yet . first you and | make deal j- bonr ( soothingly ) : just try to keep you head still , gotta triangulate the infrasound on the implant , if he 's liable to microwave you frontal lobe . . jounny ( step back ) forget it . l- boxe : this way at least you get a chance . . . but. hey , the choice be pour . johnny and Jane exchange look : johnny take a and go to the chair , Jane smile , pleased at he lotek lower helmet onto he head . look like he 's electrocution . johnny look warily over to j-bone . now what ? L bnow what 's in you head . if Jones get it out ... we broadcast it . put it out , right across the planet . we give it away . johnag consider . begins to grin . listen , if you can get it out it ; yeah ? knock yourself out . j- bone frown . Jane grin . Spirit of complicity . j- bone turn to j- bont : give I what you have get of the download code . the techy . johnny produce crumpled tax . hand it to j- bone : nese cartoon hero . sit in the chair . get the broadcast antennae up . everybody clear of the infrasound area ! ext . heaven . rampart . night . buddy on guard duty . shinji , like a shadow , ts on he . throat and toss he over the side . his team ext . heaven . below bridge . night , buddy 's body land with a plop near male yakuza , they glance over . heavyweight ward the corpse . the lotek scurry . distant mechanical SOUND . Jane stay with johnny at the chair , but j-bone grab she anc pull she clear of the orange- paint area | , heaven . bridge tower . night . massive broadcast antennae be propel mechanically the top of the tower . jhunny embnic with " 6 Te scoaanplay a yakuza helicopter drop into frame like a black dj look for a place to put down its cargo . . horseshit ' cause it be a accident . man , a shit fuck accident — - curt off with a gasp as a crossbow bolt from one of shinji 's ream find he heart . shinji rush forward try to catch he , too late . stick fall forward across the lever . activate bomber . the second vw be launch into space . whomp of ignite gasoline , ext . heaven . below bridge , night . int . helicopter . night . takahashi grimly look to the pitor , point down . nod . int . heaven , node , night . johnny take a deep breath . the scanner swivel , he ... he close he eye , gather himself . heavyweight by buddy 's body . scavenge . sudden down - jounny : now. rush flare of burn vw . the scanner emit a burst of dolphin - speak that sp . feavyweicit : wha ? up to become the infrasound effect . johnny go denly rigid as the scan take effect . Jones start to tremble in the water . Jane look on , on one of the screen , the ' dolphin monitor dozen of tendril , very lively and organic . attem surround and penetrate a angular representation of joh implant . they fail repeatedly , throw off by pulse off light . unfrasound effect remain on in node until page 120 . ) vw impact in balloon fireball , heavyweight vanish . the explosion partially catch female yakuza , hurl she into the mud , clothes and hair on fire . she flail through mud , drag the missile - launcher . yakuza : yeah ? yeah ? you think so , motherfucker ? well , bite on this . raise the launcher to she shoulder , aim almost straight up , and fire . ext . heaven , platform . night , int . heaven . node . night . shudder with force of the explosion . the infrasound by the vw -bomber . stick on duty . look unhappy . ~ '' aver . johnny and Jones be oblivious to the commotion . snick ( to the night , softly but bitterly ) : Big mothert almighty strategist motherfucker . week 's extra hour station ! you all know the drill ! " a ne somebody 's ideo of pay-back time tee vconplay see regeeeseagegeesesese lotek scramble to take up battle station what 's happen ? on a unwatched surveillance monitor . brief furry of violence as shinji and he team dispatch lotek int . heaven . under roadway . night . still ob h chair , Jane by he side . L Jane tear whether to stay with J tray . on the dolphin monitor . the tendril still get repulse . every now and then . one p trates slightly , but it always get push back out again we move in on johnny 's tace johnny' Pov . snatch of childhood image a stark , concrete modern villa , kid ' toy in the dal a couple of xin isolate in a vast landscape d garden . bored . a nanny in a lawn chair listen to a walkman no ta scrgnmlay junot menenic 121 a child 's bed in a soul - less steel - and - glass room , some . johnny open he eye . look over to j-bone . who brace cut from magazine on the wall . himself against a console . on the wide screen . what do ? fragment , like shadow of shape , move in the empty : eet next to the cartoon hero ... together . they look at the wide screen , suill only the japanese cartoon hero , although there be some faint trace in the video snow on the other screen , faint outline , tantalizingls close to become recognizable , . . ext . heaven . below bridge . night . cu muzzle of missile - launcher . we do not make it ... ( gesture to damage scanner } femace yaxuza ( vo ) : eat this ... we be not go to either . .. she fire . j.bone 's suddenly galvanize by a image on one of the surveillance monitor . the automatic camera swing past a crucified lotek .. . /- bone rush out of the node . johnny do not see the crucihea lotek , int . heaven , node . night . * jounny 's Pov . again , that image of the woman at she desk , she over she work . this time , we almost reach the woman 's head start to lift ... . 1 ... lwas almost there , | could feef it start to . . . int . heaven , corridor from node . night . defeat . johnny sit up . still preoccupy by he own condi - won . Jane be about to go over to he . female yakuza 's second missile detonate below tear a huge hole through the structure . ( os ) . Mr. '' Smith '' ? int . heaven , node . night . tabahashi , immaculate among the ruin , suit black as coal , johnny be throw from he chalr ; lie crumpled on cutl white as snow , stand with the .5$ 7 hang loosely by he amast : | must have the data tat schinay he whirl and shoot as Jane move , very fast . misseq 's find cover behind a pile of jut you cant shoot I not in the head he lower the gun to the level of johnny 's gut . Jane start to make she move , b t takahashi be ready swing the gun . Jane dive back behind the junk takahashi take out the short sword with he free hand step toward johnny . the sword glint ; johnny brace self every functioning monitor in the node light : with annas face . the effect be of a wave of ENERGY . severalgiy the damage monitor simultaneously explode } you do not now what he you be weak , takahashi ! & idea whai you be return t cure for nerve attenuation I ow takanasin powerful denial and yakuza discipline rise to countel he fire at rarctom into the monitor . three shot : shatter screen 24 tet screenplay you be a ghost ! you be madness ! you fie !!! Anna 's face click into even higher resolution . Anna : they have the cure one year ago , takahashi . it necessary tor you daughter to die . . takahashi wince . takahashi : = miklyo . . awa : pharmakom be keep the cure off the market for of sell - through . treating the disease be far more pi curing it . mikio . . . as she say the name , she morph into he daughter . mikivo ( butanna 's voice ) : . . . do not need to die . ( mikiyos @ in japanese . no subtitles ) please father , listen to raxanasni 's face alight with mad , tragic turn back to johnny , raise he sword ; then he spasm . he sink to he knee and pitch forward , who holster the air gun and take out he filament . yaxuza face off with Jane , aim he air gun . suni : = hello , johnny . . . johnny mmenoric 26 2 zip ! the filament slice a ellipse from the metal junk where johnny 's head should have be . johnny back up ; he finger find a crowbar among the junk . he brandish it like 4 weapon . zingg ! he be hold a twelve- inch stump with a mirror - polished end . raise you chin . let 's make this clean . second yabuza aim across the waist-high console berween Jane and he . as he fire , she drop . dart spatter off the metal console , miss she . Jane scissor she leg as she pull herself below the console and through , catch second yakuza 's leg , drop he johnny quickly back away out of node over another container . shinji pursue , filament poise . Jane throw herself on second yakuza , drive she pist into he throat ; he air gun slide across the floor , Jane frantically claw after it — int , heaven . container . night . johnny back up into a messy storage container . fill with electronics and other salvage junk . not much room to move and no way out . shinji let fly with the filament : johnny dive out of the way . the filament cut through a stack of rusted metal junk , barely move it . johnny crawl up , back against the wall . shinji move forward . . ext , heaven . below bridge , night . female yakuza fire ... _int . heaven , container . night , the missile detonate at the joint to the next container . container tilt down majestically until it hang vertical , jey necnone be swinging from creaking . protesting hawser . johnny be almost throw out into the river , manage to hang on to 4 protrude girder . dangling in space . shinji have manage to grab hold of the past of some build - in sheive . he scramble down toward johnny , who think its ali over for he sum . hold on ! johnny look at he . he get it . give a craze whoop to laughter . jorunny , ift fall you do not get the head . right ? you lose the head . you be fuck ! shinji , sweat bullet , jeans down , extend he hand int . heaven . node . night . Jane , the second yabuza 's air gun in hand , he corpse be at she foot . she start after johnny steet paeacner ( os ) Jesus time Street preacher block she path int . heaven . container . night . on tounny wrist as shinji hand close around it . johnny look up , grins and let go with he other hand , reac hing up to grab the lapel of shinji suit , pull he over . shinji fall , manage to grab the same girder . Te crea they dangle next to each other , shinji close to the the girder , frantically tread air . below they . bit of junk fail into darkness , past they leg ... johnny be slugging shinji in the face with he tree 100 close to do much real damage , but he 's so pissed no longer care about he own safety . shinji , we see considerable satistaction , be terrified . johnny stop punch shinji , scream he fury , body back and slam into shinji , try to shinji be hold on , try frantically to climb atop the on jounny as he let go with one hand and grab the th tip . pull it toward hin . . . sun 's eye , wide with surprise . johnny bring the filament down through the slice through it . . . they eye meet in the instant of shinjis recognition @ fate — then shinji and the girder tip plummet from shinji scream as he and the girder tip head for the rivet scream dopplering down until its instantly cut impact with the unseen river below . johnny hang on , as if he cant remember what int , heaven . node . night . crash ... as Street preacher hurl Jane back haney enanic re jocker with such force they buckle slightly . her eye roll up and she flop forward . Street preacher catch she . with one hand hook in the waistband of she jeans , he drag she , face and boot scraping , across the floor . to - where the explosion have lett two heavy timber handily arrange in the form of a big . rough wooden cross . he slam she up against the < toss . . ext . heaven . rampart , night , j- bone kneel , adjust the laser sight he take from henson on he air bow . he aim down . . . ext . heaven . below bridge . night . female yakuza aim again . a red dot search over she body . come to rest on she forehead .. . a bolt plant itselt in the exact spot . expression of surprise as she beet forward . int . heaven . node . night . johnny emerge from the container , still tremble with adrenaline and horror . takahashi stand in front of he , sway - ing on he foot , he hand inside he coat . johnny be too wreckea to do anything but stare . takahasht 's face be horribly distortea én pain , he shirt drench in blood . he take he hand from he jacket , produce image # 2 . the riot scene . crumpled . wer with he own blood . tawousin , your ... johnny take it . stare in wonder as tabahashi sink to he lnee and die , stare at the image . then he hear singing , a tuneless hymn of death . . . preacner ( os ) ; in the blood , in the blood , in the sweet everlast blood of the Lamb ... bo ' steter poracuer : Jesus be wait ... tae screnay Street preacher hold a spike above Jane 's we , palm . raise 4 hammer , the crucifixion about to b Jenny nnenoric ad ) on johnny . as he scramble to he foot : look of amazement on he face - Street preacher advance . johnny back up . lead he away from Jane . johnny smashes Street preacher in the back of the head tee get it ... get it now ... plece of metal junk . Street preacher stagger , di preacnun : make vessel of his mercy ... as and hammer , recover instantly , whirl , knife lash g we na _ johnny 's neck . johnny barely block it with the junk , he ger . Street preacher easily lift he and hurl he hes wor you do not understand ! I have get the third image ! into the wall . johnny back through node . Street preacher stalking he . sure of the bill . Jane have grab hold of the nail through she other hand . clenches she tooth . pull hard . wrench it loose . . . johnny make a last desperate attempt to stop Street preacher close own sonnny 's face . screw up with pain . his Pov of the node . odd angle as he sink to the floo another memory flash . with a lightning combination : hard kick at he knee . like " hick a lamppost . a short right to a rock-hard midsection . Street preacher back -fist he across the floor . johnny stay of the study . move toward the woman , the Pov down , the desk . the woman look up : she face be pea erase . the voice be mechanically distort . slightly Jane approach in bg : she 's in worse shape than johnny . in slow. pain . she limp / stumble toward dolphin tank . voie : bad boy ! petacuer : the cure be mine . sinner . . as Jane reach tank . press she bloody palm against glass a small hand reach for a picture trame between 0 Jones 's epe appear . woman reach to prevent he . the picture fall . look down at the floor , to the fall picture , laceup . Anna as the pertect mother , a baby in she arm , Pov ! quickly on face , cropping the picture , the cl upload remote as it morph into Anna in B Jones ... leave a bloody palm - print on glass . close on jone 's eye . gizmo 's swiveling . . . my schnray inclent deca zing feag with she und powe i ps he ib '' tite wt t t pes preacner : what spawn of Satan noe nfrasoun '' paint ind the scanmess v nison 's not of do '' * eat . '' bett . . uy 4 ic a ° '' 7 . ' * . for . ream . . u/ for ex for everything and lunge up , smas ) backward inte 4 the scurnplat Street preacher roar in pain and rage . he grab the : Juan menanc 138 shape by the moment . her eye be on he . intense . expec tant jjounny you're ... in my memory . .. somewhere _.. it feel like like you be my blue - white current surge through he , smnobe he stop . the emotion block . Street preacher 's body fall back to the noor , he clutching the cable , Jane crash trom scanner support . johnny ward she as j- bone enter the node . johnny kneel Jane . Anna : you mother , | be you mother . | be obsessed with build - ing pharmakom , later , when you have you childhood erase it be too late for I to ... now | have this final chance . johnny 's emotion in utter conilict . finally : Jane , I be okay ... jowen , if you be my mother . _. , why didn 's you tell I you be the third image ?! johnny turn to j-bone , a new determination in he Anna wince , hurt . a few more monitor hicker and she image jounny , hook I up ! I have get it ? disappear trom they . johnny 's hand tremble as he scan in image # 2 . Anna : because | do not £now . | have no access ! | arrange tha scene appear next to the cartoon hero on the wide they should choose you , because ... | have always watchec you , johnny .. j- bone ; where 's number three ?! jou : in my head ! Jane 's stare at Anna , fascinate . johnny rush to the chair jone : hey ! we be gonna do the download , we do it now . okay ! we be lose power .__ ! int . heaven . node . night . Anna 's image fluctuate . her image disappear from a few more monitor . johnny look to j-bone . back to Anna . ole hurt and disappointment in he face . in this moment he be the bully , neglect child . then he step toward the chair , pick : up the downloader helmet . a number of monitor flicker and Anna apear 1346 the '' chmnay jonny , tee get to do this Jane help he put on the helmet . j- bone wince , 's dial next to a monitor with data . j- bont : one problem . if we take it out easy , it 's gonna be because of the seepage . if we loop it through Jones . weg the cure but its the neurological equivalent of b jump through a brick wall ; itl probably bill you Anna ( frantic ) : johnny . | never mean to — on jonny . look at Anna 's image , back to Jane . turn to j-bone jowery , Loop it Jane . johnny he reach out to she , then turn to j-bone . jounny : hit I . /- bone throw switch . White spark cascade from tree . Street preacher steam . spark snap around corpse . Jones surface with a splash on the wide screen . as Anna 's Beijing image take its place next to the other 4 }- bont , here we go he flick another switch int , heaven , node , night . johnny spasm as the download begin , Jones thr the tank , water fly . Jane take johnny 's hand j- bone swivel to face a bank of cameras . throw . suddenly , he image appear on all of the monitor ( except tryptich ) . on the monitor . j- bont : listen up , world , this be you last blast from lote headquarters and we be go out with a bang ! so hit that now , people , cause we get the cure for nas , that 's right , surefire cure for the shake . come now . come at you . from the lab at pharmakom . that 's right pharmabom , for third large corporation , and , no , they didnt want you to it , but here it 's — he throw @ switch . on the dolphin monitor as the unfold implant into a rush through cyberspace of the data ... pharmakom data cascade across the screen . all around the world . a montage , show the data on all tv screen and tor . in lab , live room , tent of nomad , window of store , screen - wall of shibuya skyscraper ... as audience back in the node . johnny , strain in the downloader , almost there .. . dead ... he open he eye for a second . the pain in joenay hehe 2b ? approach panic . his eye meet Jane 's for a moment . like 4 good-bye . pane : johnny he squeeze he eye shut again . int , heaven , node , night . johnny slump down in he chair , seemingly lifeless . as almost all of the live monitor explode in a shower of SPARKS . j- bone give a mighty whoop of glee ! bone : done ! it belong to everybody now ! done ! Jane look at johnny . limp in the chair , seemingly dead , rushe : over . on anna 's sad eye . on one of the few survive monitor , she image still deterio rating , the blue hame lick they way up . Anna | build @ world . there be ahray a place in it lor you — johnny 's eyelid mutter , then open at the sound of she voice pull back from the grave . on sane , hardly able to contain she reliet . he jook up a Anna . gather strength journ Lady — / vote with my foot . stung , Anna cringe . but | be — '' ut nas image rapidly deteriorate pharmakom board ! they be erase I ! Burning I out of the mainframe ! johnny turn he eye away from she . he 's silently cry anna ( os ) johnny , speak to I ! johnny , you be my son !! why don ? you look at I !! yy , tm not there 's nothing inside . nc what you want i jounneeeebeeeee lo she , leave hissing . sil ic bs shaben . ma be she really seat as johnny try to come to grip with he emotion . jot I do not know ... I quess 1 ... never do cket be rise , j- bone struggle ) the wreckage , heave aside 4 section of tarp . open from outside a distan he night emergency FL : ar hc hell . a on he retty disne of Newark uniny er up . join j- bone , gaze out , baffle and Jane . prop eact Street preacher start to rise behind they 142 the screenplay johnny : what 's go on ? j- bone : celebrate . they know . get we message . Street preacher close in on they ... j- bone turn , raise air bow . thwack ! a bolt bury ii | Street preacher 's heart . he fall back . j- bone smile . saintly . j- bone : Said it 's over . they turn back to celebration . camera move past they i one of the very few monitor still go , the wide scre , the Three image : the cartoon hero , the riot and Anna . aoll credit over this . put the shotgun in a adida bag and padded it out with four pair of tennis sock , not my style at all , but that be what I be aim for : if they think you be crude , go technical ; if they think you be technical , go crude . I be a very technical boy . so I decide to get as crude as possible . this day , though , you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire to crudeness . I would have to turn both this twelve - gauge shell from brass stock , on a lathe , and then load they myself ; I would have to dig up a old microfiche with instruction for hand - load cartridge ; I would have to build a lever - action press to seat the primer — all very tricky . but | know they would work . the meet be set for the drome at 2300 , but I ride the tube three stop past the close platform and walk back . immaculate procedure . | check myself out in the chrome siding of a coffee kiosk , you basic sharp - face caucasoid with a ruff of stiff , dark hair . the girl at under the knife be big on Sony mao , and it be get harder to keep they from add the chic suggestion of epicanthic fold . it probably would not fool ralfi face , but it might get I next to he table . the drome be a single narrow space with a bar down one side and table along the other , thick with pimp and handler and a arcane array of dealer . the magnetic Dog sister be on the door that night . and I do not relish try to get out past they if thing do not work out . they be two meter tall and thin as greyhound . one be black and the other white , but aside from that they be as nearly identical as cosmetic surgery could make they . they would be lover for year and be bad news in a tussle . I be never quite ' sure which one have originally be male . ralfi be sit at he usual table . owe I a lot of money . | hundred of megabyte stashed in my head on a idiot / savant . information I have no conscious access to . ralfi have leave it 44 nme on there . he have not , however , come back for it only ralf could retrieve the data , with a code phrase of he own invention . I be not cheap to begin with , but my overtime on storage {s astronomical . and ralfi have be very scarce , then I would hear that ralfi face want to put out 4 contract on I . so I would arrange to meet he in the drome , but I would arrange it as Edward bax , clandestine importer , late of Rio and Peking . the drome stank of biz , a metallic tang of nervous tension , muscle - boy scattered through the crowd be flex stock part at one another and try on thin . cold grin , some of they so lose under superstructure of muscle graft that they outline werent human . hee ton i : urdu , ean : teeta : ine leon bese , fed Eddie the importer . with he professionally nondescript gym bag , and please ignore this slit , just wide enough to admit he right : ta eit alone . eighty kilo of blond California bett perch alertly in the chair next to he , martial art write allover he , fast Eddie bax be in the chair opposite they before the beef hand be off the table . " you black belt ? '' | ask eagerly . he : nodd , blue eye run a automatic scan pattem between} my eye and my hand . '' I , too , '' I say . '' get mine here in the bag 's and I shove my hand through the slit and thumbed the safety off ; click . '' double twelve - gauge with the triggers wire together . '' that 's a gun , '' ralf say , put a plump , restrain hand he boy 's taut blue nylon chest . " johnny have a antique firearm in bag . '' so much for Edward bax . I guess he would always be ralf something or other , but owed he acquire surname to a singular vanity . built like a overripe pear , he would wear the once - famous face of chi White for twenty year — Christian White of the Aryan Band , Sony mao to he generation , and final champion of race I be a whiz at trivia , Christian White : classic pop face with a singer 's high -d muscle , chisele cheekbone . angelic in one light , h deprave in another . but ralf 's eye live behind that face . a they be small and cold and black . '' please , '' he say , '' let 's work this out like businessman . '' hi voice be mark by a horrible prehensile sincerity , and the cor ner of he beautiful Christian White mouth be always wet . '' lewi here , '' nodd in the beefboy 's direction , '' be a meatball . '' Lewis tool this impassively , look like something build from a kit . " you aren 's 4 meatball , johnny . '' '' sure | be , ralfi , a nice meatball chock - full of implant wher you can store you dirty laundry while you go off shopping of ! people to kill I . from my end of this bag , ralfi , it look like you have get some explain to do . '' '' it 's this last batch of product , johnny . '' he sigh deeply . '' ir my role as broker — '' fence , '' | correct , '' as broker , I be usually very careful as to source . '' " you buy only from that who steal the best . get it . '' he sigh again . '' I try , '' he say wearily , '' not to buy from fool . this time , I be afraid , I have do that . '' third sigh be the cue for Lewis to trigger the neural disruptor they would tape under my side of the table . I put everything I have into curling the index finger of my right hand , but I no longer seem to be connect to it . I could feel the metal of the gun and the foam - pad tape I would wrap around the stubby grip . but my hand be cool wax , distant and inert , | be hope Lewis be a true meatball , thick enough to go for the gym bag and snag my rigid trigger finger , but he be not , '' we have be very worried about you , johnny , very worried . you see , that 's yakuza property you have there . a fool take it from they . johnny . a dead fool , '' Lewis giggle . it all make sense then , a ugly kind of sense , like bag of wet Sand settling around my head . killing be not ralfi 's style . Lewis be not even ralfi 's style . but he would get himself stick between the son of the neon chrysanthemum and something that belong to we the 007 they — or , more likely . something of theirs that belong to son one else . ralf , of course , could use the code phrase to throw into idiov / savant , and I would spill they hot program without ren b ing a single quarter tone . for a fence like ralf , that would of know about squid , for one thing , and they woukint want to worst about one lift that dim and permanent trace of they program out of my head . | do not know very much about squid , but fd hear storey , and | make it a point never to repeat they to my_ client , no , the yokuza would not like that : it look too much evidence . they hadnt get where they be by leave evide around , or alive . Lewis be grin . | think he be visualize a point behind my forehead and imagine how he could get there hard way . '' lighten up , you want to buy some good freebase ? '' she do up a chair and quickly sit before either of they could stop she . sh be barely inside my fix hold of vision , a thin girl with mis ' glass , she dark hair cut in a rough shag , she wear black leat ! open over a T-shirt slashed diagonally with stripe of red and b '' eight thou a gram weight . '' Lewis snort he exasperation and try to slap she out of the chair . somehow he didn 's quite connect , and she hand come and seem to brush he wrist as it pass . Bright blood spray table . he be clutching he wrist white - knuckle tight , blood t from between he finger . but have not she hand be empty ? he be go to need a tendon stapler , he stand up without bother to push he chair back . the chair topple bat ward , and he step out of my line of sight without a word '' he better get a medic to look at that . '' she say . nasty cut '' shy per '' ye '' you have no idea . '' say ralh . suddenly sounding very tired . '' the depth of shit you have just get yoursell into . '' '' no kid ? mystery . | get real excited by mystery . like why you friend here 's so quiet . frozen , like . or what this thing here be for . '' and she hold up the little control unit that she would somehow take from Lewis . ralh look ill . '' you , oh , want maybe a quarter - million to give I that and take of walk ? '' a for hand come up to stroke he pale , lean face nervously . '' what | want , '' she say , snap she finger so that the unit spun and glitter , '' be work . a job . you boy hurt he wrist . but a quarter will do for a retainer '' ralf let he breath out explosively and begin to laugh . expos - ing tooth that hadnt be keep up to the Christian White standard . then she turn the disruptor off '' two million . '' I say . '' my hind of man . '' she say , and laugh . '' what 's in the bag ? '' '' a shotgun . '' '' crude . it might have be a compliment . rath say nothing at all . '' name 's million . Molly million . you want to get out of here . boss ? people be start to stare . '' she stand up . she be wear leather jeans the color of dry blood . and I see for the first time that the mirrore lense be surgical inlay , the silver rise smoothly trom she high cheeb - bone , sealing she eye in they socket . | see my new face nein there . '' tm johnny . '' | say . '' we be take Mr. face with we '' he be outside , wait . look like you standard tourist tech , in plastic zoris and a silly hawatian shirt print with blowup of he firm 's most popular microprocessor ; 4 mild little guy , the kind most likely to wind up drunk on sake in a bar that put out miniature rice ctacker with seaweed garnish . he look like the bind who sing the corporate anthem and cry , who shabe hand endlessly with the 60 maou bartender . and the pimp and the dealer would leave he the way I figure it |ater , they must have amputate part of leave thumb , somewhere behind the first joint , replace it with prosthetic tip , and core the stump , fitting it with a spool and mold from one of the ono-sendai diamond analog . then they 's carefully wound the spool with three meter of filament . Molly get into some bind of exchange with the magnetic sister , give I a chance to usher ralf through the door with gym bag press lightly against the base of he spine . she seem : know they . | hear the black one laugh . | glance up , out of some pass reflex , maybe because I have never get use to it , to the soar arc of light and the shadow the geodesics above they . maybe that save I . _ rath keep walk , but | don 's think he be try to escape . think he would already give up . probably he already have a idea what we be up against . : | look back down in time to see he explode . playback on full recall show ralf step forward as little tech sidle out of nowhere . smile . just a suggestion of a and he leave thumb fall off . it 's @ conjure trick . the thumb suspend . mirror ? wire ? and ralf stop . he back to we , crescent of sweat under the armpit of he pale summer suit . know . he must have know , and then the joke - shop heavy as lead , arc out in a lightning yo - yo trick , and the thread connect it to the killer 's hand pass laterally ralf 's shull , just above he eyebrow . whip up , and slice the pear- shape torso diagonally from shoulder to rib cut 50 fine that no blood flow until synapse mishre and the’ tremor surrender the body to gravity . rath tumble apart in a pink cloud of fluid , the match section roll forward onto the tile pavement . silence , T bring the gym bag up , and my hand convulse . the recoil nearly break my wrist . it must have be raining : ribbon of water cascade from a rup - ture geodesic and spatter on the tile behind we , we crouch in the narrow gap between a surgical boutique and a antique shop . she would just edge one mirrore eye around the corner to report a single volk module in front of the drome . red light flash . they be sweeping rath up . ask question . T be cover in scorched white fluff . the tennis sock . the gym bag be a rag plastic cuff around my wrist . '' I dont see how the hell | miss he . '' * Cause he 's fast . so fast . '' she hugge she knee and rock back and forth on she bootheel . '' his nervous system 's jack up . he 's factory custom . '' she grin and give a little squeal of delight . '' tm gonna get that boy . tonight . he 's the best . number one . top dollar , state of the art '' '' what you be go to get , for this boy 's two million , be my ass out of here . you boyfriend back there be mostly grow in a vat in chiba City . he 's a yakuza assassin . '' '' chiba , yeah . see , Molly 's be chiba , 100 . '' and she show taper . very white against the polished burgundy nail . ten blade snick straight out from they recess beneath she nail , each one 8 narrow , double - edge scalpel in pale blue steel . fd never spend much time in nighttown . nobody there have any - thing to pay I to remember , and most of they have a lot they pay regularly to forget . generation of sharpshooter have chip away at the neon until the maintenance crew give up . even at roon the arc be soot - black against faintest pearl . where do you go when the world 's wealthiest criminal order be feel for you with calm . distant finger ? where do you hide from 62 maou the yakuza . so powerful that it own comsat and at least three shuttle ? the yakuza be a true multinational , like itt and sendai , fifty pear before | be bear the yabuza have already sorbe the triad , the mafia . the Union corse . Molly have a answer : you hide in the pit , in the lowest circle , where any outside influence generate swift , concentric ripple of row menace , you hide in nighttown . better yet . you hide above nighttown , because the pit invert . and the bottom of its bow ! touch the sky , the sky that nighttown never see . sweat under shadow that wait beyond the bright tube platform . the concrete wall be overlaid with graffiti , year of they twist into a single metascraw ! of rage and frustration . my standard sale pitch , '' client 's code be store in a special barring squid , which we in the trade do not like to talk about . no way to recover pour phrase . cant drug it out . cut it out , it . | dont 2 now it , never do '' '' squid ? crawly thing with arm ? '' we emerge into 4 serted street market . shadowy figure watch we from across : mabeshift square liner with fish head and rotting fruit . '' superconduct quantum interference detector . they in the war to find submarine , suss out enemy cyber 5 '' yeah ? navy stuff ? from the war ? squid ! read that chip ) yours ? '' she would stop walk . and | feel she eye on I that twin mirror . per out of a cheer stadium jy meec 63 '' cop can do that already . with parabolic microphone and laser . '' '' but you data 's still secure . '' pride in profession . " no govern - ment will fet they cop have squid , not even the security heavies . too much chance of interdepartmental funnyy ; they be too likely to watergate you . '' '' navy stuff , '' she say , and she grin gleam in the shadow . '' navy stuff . 1 get 4 friend down here who be in the navy , name 's Jones . | think you would better meet he . he 's a junkie , though . so well have to take he something '' he be more than a dolphin , but from another dolphin 's point of view he might have seem like something less . | watch he swirl sluggishly in he galvanize tank , Water slopped over the side , wetting my shoe . he be surplus from the last war . a cyborg . he rise out of the water , show we the crust plate along he side , a kind of visual pun , he grace nearly lose under articu - late armor , clumsy and prehistoric . twin deformity on either side of he skull have be engineered to house sensor unit . Silver lesion gleam on expose section of he gray - white hide Molly whistle . Jones thrash he tail , and more water cas - cade down the side of the tank . '' what be this place ? '' | peer at vague shape in the dark . tusting chain link and thing under tarp . above the tank hang '' slumsy wooden framework , cross and recross by row to dusty Christmas light . '' punland , Zoo and carnival ride . talk with the War whale . 's ai 's that . some whale Jones be ... '' Jones rear again and feed I with a sad and ancient eye '' how 's he tal ? '' suddenly | be anxious to go . '' that 's the catch . say ' hi , 's Jones . ~ '' et i and all the bulb light simultaneously . they be flash red , white , and blue . rwbrwbrwb rwbrwbrwb '' good with symbol , see , but the code 's restrict . in the navy they have he wire into a audiovisual display . '' she draw the narrow package from a jacket pocket . '' pure shit , Jones . want it ? '' he froze in the water and start to sink . | feel a strange panic , remem - bering that he be not a fish . that he could drow . '' we want the key to johnny 's bank , Jones , we want it fast . '' the light flicker , die . '' go for it . Jones ! '' B bbbbbbbbb B B B Blue bulb , cruciform . darkness . '' pure ! it 's clean . come on , Jones . '' White sodium glare wash she feature , stark shadow cleave from she cheekbone . R rr rrrrr or the arm of the red swastika be twisted in she silver glass '' give it to he , '' | say . '' we have get it . '' ralf face . no imagination . Jones heave half he armored bulk over the edge of he tank , and | think the metal would give way . Molly stab he over - hand with the syrette. drive the needle between two plate . propellant hiss . pattern of light explode , spasming across the frame and then fade to black . we leave he drift , roll languorously in the dark water . maybe he be dream of he war in the Pacific , of the cyber mine he would sweep , nose gently into they circuitry with the squid he would use to pick ralf 's pathetic password from the chip bury in my head . '' I can see they slip up when he be demobb , let he out of the navy with that gear intact , but how do a cybernetic dolphin get wire to smack ? '' '' the war , '' she say . '' they all be . navy do it . how else you get ‘em work for you ? '' ' tm not sure this profile as good business . '' the pirate say , angle for better money . '' target specs on a comsat that be not in the book — " '' waste my time and you will not profile at all . '' say Molly . lean - ing across he scar plastic desk to prod he with she forefinger . '' so maybe you want to buy you microwave somewhere else ? '' he be a tough kid , behind he mao-job . a nighttowner by birth , probably . her hand blurred down the front of he jacket , completely sever a lapel without even rumpling the fabric . '' so we get a deal or nor ? '' 156 tit sor '' deal , '' he say , stare at he ruin lapel with what he must have hope be only polite interest . '' deal . '' while I check the two recorder we would buy , she extract the slip of paper I would give she from the zippere wrist pocket of she jacket . she unfold it and read silently , move she lip . she shrugge . '' this be it ? '' '' shoot . '' | say , punch the record stud of the two deck j simultaneously . " Christian White . '' she recite . '' and he Aryan reggae Band . '' faithful ralfi , a fan to he die day . Transition to idiovsavant mode be always less abrupt than | expect it to be . the pirate broadcaster 's front be a fail travel agency in a pastel cube that boast a desk , three chair , and a fade poster of a swiss orbital spa . a pair of toy bird with blow - glass body and tin leg be sip monotonously from a sty - — rofoam cup of water on 4 ledge beside Molly 's shoulder . as I phase imto mode , they accelerate gradually until they Day - glo - feathered crown become solid arc of color . the led that tell second on the plastic wall clock have become meaningless pulsing grid , and Molly and the mao-face boy grow hazy , they arm blur occasionally in insect- quick ghost of gesture . and then it all fade to cool gray static and a endless tone poem in a artificial language . I sit and sing dead ralf 's steal program for three hour . the mall run forty kilometer from end to end . a rag overlap of fuller dome roofing what be once a suburban artery . if they turn off the arc on a clear day , a gray approximation of sunlight filter through layer of acrylic , a view like the prison sketches of gio vanni piranesi . the three southernmost kilometer roof night nighttown pay no tax , no utility , the neon arc be dead , @ the geodesics have be smoke black by decade of cooking in the nearly total darkness of a nighttown noon , who notice @ dozen mad child lose in the rafter ? 7 we would be climb for two hour , up concrete stait jueeny elec 15 ) steel ladder with perforate rung , past abandon gantry and dust - cover tool , we would start in what look like a disus maintenance yard , stack with triangular roofing segment . ev- erything there have be cover with that same uniform layer of spraybomb graffiti ; gang name , initial , date back to the turn of the century . the graffiti follow we up . gradually thinning until a single name be repeat at interval . lo tex . in drip black capital . '' who 's lo tek '' '' not we , boss . '' she climb a shiver aluminum ladder and vanish through a hole in a sheet of corrugate plastic . ~ ' low technique , low technology . '' the plastic muffle she voice . | fol - low she up , nursing my aching wrist . '' lo tek , they would think that shotgun trick of yours be effete , '' a hour later I drag myself up through another hole , this one saw crookedly in a sagging sheet of plywood , and meet my first lo tek . *' S okay . '' Molly say , she hand brush my shoulder . '' it 's just in the narrow beam of she tape flash . he regard we with he one eye and slowly extrude a thick length of grayish tongue . lick huge canine . | wonder how they write off tooth - bud '' moll . '' Dental augmentation impede he speech . a string of saliva dangle from he twisted lower lip . '' Heard ya comin’ . Long time . '' he might have be fifteen , but the fang and a bright mosaic of scar combine with the gape socket to present a mask of total bestiality . it have take time and a certain kind of creativity to assemble that face , and he posture tell I he enjoy live behind it . he wear a pair of decaye jeans , black with grime and shiny along the crease . his chest and foot be bare . he do something with he mouth that approximate a grin . '' bein 's fol - low , you . '' Far off , down in nighttown , a water vendor cry he trade . '' string jump . Dog ? '' she swing she flash to the side , and | 188 the ssou see thin cord tie to eyebolt , cord that run to the edge and vanish , '' kill the fuckin’ light ! '' she snap it off . " how come the one who 's followin’ you 's get no light ? '' " do not need it . that one 's bad news . Dog . you sentries give he a tumble , theyll come home in easy - to - carry section . '' '' this a friend friend , moll ? '' he sound uneasy . | hear he foot shift on the wear plywood . '' no . but he 's mine . and this one , '' slapping my shoulder , '' he 's a friend . get that ? '' '' sure . '' he say . without much enthusiasm , pad to the platform 's edge , where the eyebolt be . he begin to pluck out some kind of message on the taut cord . nighttown spread beneath we like 4 toy village for rat ; tiny window show candlelight , with only a few harsh , bright square light by battery lantern and carbide lamp . | imagine the old man at they endless game of domino , under warm . fat drop of water that fall from wet wash hang out on pole between the plywood shanties . then | try to imagine he climb patiently up through the darkness in he zoris and ugly tourist shirt , bland and unhurry . how be he tracking we ? '' good . '' say Molly . '' he smell we ~ '' smoke ? '' Dog drag a crumpled pack from he pocket and prize out a flatten cigarette . | squinted at the trademark while he light it for I with a kitchen match . yiheyuan filter , Beijing cigarette Factory . I decide that the lo tek be black marketeer . Dog and Molly go back to they argument , which seem to revolve | around Molly 's desire to use some particular piece of lo tek estate . " ive do you a lot of favor , man . I want that floor . and want the music . '' '' you be not lo tek ... '' this must have be go on for the better part of a sen meron 165 kilometer , Dog lead we along sway catwalk and up rope ladder , the lo tek leech they web and huddle place to the city 's fabric with thick gob of epoxy and sleep above the abyss in mesh hammock . they country be so attenuate that in place it consist of little more than hold for hand and foot , saw into geodesic strut . the killing floor , she call it . scramble after she , my new Eddie bax shoe slip on wear metal and damp plywood , | wonder how it could be any more lethal than the rest of the territory , at the same time I sense that Dog 's protest be ritual and that she already expect to get whatever it be she want . somewhere beneath we , Jones would be circle he tank , feel the first twinge of junk sickness . the police would be boring the drome regular with question about ralf . what do he do ? who be he with before he step outside ? and the yakuza would be settling its ghostly bulk over the city 's data bank , probing for faint image of I reflect in numbered account , security transaction , bill for utility . we be a information economy . they teach you that in school . what they don 's tell you be that it 's impossi - ble to move , to live , to operate at any level without leave trace , bit , seemingly meaningless fragment of personal information . fragment that can be retrieve , amplify . . . but by now the pirate would have shuttle we message into line for blackbox transmission to the yakuza comsat . a simple message : call off the dog or we wideband you program , the program . | have no idea what it contain . | still do not . | only sing the song , with zero comprehension . it be probably research data , the yakuza be give to advanced form of indus - trial espionage . a genteel business , steal from ono-sendai as a matter of course and politely hold they data for ransom , threat - ening to blunt the conglomerate 's research edge by make the product public . but why could not any number play ? would not they be happier with something to sell back to ono-sendai , happier than they would be with one dead johnny from memory Lane ? they program be on its way to a address in Sydney , to a '' oo Te ow place that hold letter for client and do not ask question once you would pay 4 small retainer . fourth - class surface mail . I would erase most of the other copy and record we message in the result gap . leave just enough of the program to identify it as the real thing . my wrist hurt . I want to stop , to lie down , to sleep , I know that I would lose my grip and fall soon , know that the sharp black shoe I would buy for my evening as Eddie bax would lose they purchase and carry I down to nighttown , but he rise in my mind like a cheap religious hologram , glow , the enlarge chip on he hawai - jan shirt loom like # reconnaissance shot of some doom urban nucleus , so | follow Dog and Molly through lo tek heaven , jury - rig and jerry - build from scrap that even nighttown do not want , the killing floor be eight meter on a side . a giant have thread steel cable back and forth through a junkyard and draw it all taut . it creak when it move , and it move constantly , sway and buck as the gather lo tek arrange themselves on the shelf of plywood surround it . the wood be silver with age , polished with long use and deeply etched with initial , threat . declaration of passion . this be suspend from a separate set of cable , which lose themselves in darkness beyond the raw white glare of the two ancient flood suspend above the floor . a girl with tooth like Dog 's hit the floor on all four . her breast be tattooe with indigo spiral . then she be across the floor , laugh , grapple with a boy who be drink dark liquid from 4 liter flask . lo tek fashion run to scar and tattoo . and tooth . the electric - ity they be tapping to light the killing floor seem to be a exception to they overall aesthetic , make in the name of . . . ritual , sport , art ? | do not know , but I could see that the ploor be thing special . it have the look of have be assemble over ation , L hold the useless shotgun under my jacket , its hardness heft be comforting , even though | have no more shell . come to I that I have no idea at all of what be really jt mo , '' or of what be suppose to happen , and that be the nature of m game , because I would spend most of my life as a blind receptacle to b fill with other people 's knowledge and then drain , spoutin synthetic language td never understand . a very technical bos sure . and then | notice just how quiet the lo tebs have become he be there , at the edge of the light , take in the killing floot and the gallery of silent lo tek with a tourist calm . and as ou : eye meet for the first time with mutual recognition , 4 memory click into place for I . of Paris , and the long mercede electrics glide through the rain to Notre Dame : mobile greenhouse . japa - nese face behind the glass , and a hundred nikon rise in blind phototropism , flower of steel and crystal , behind he eye , as they find I , that same shutter whirring . | look for Molly million . but she be go . the lo tek parte to let he step up onto the bench . he bow , smile , and step smoothly out of he sandal , leave they side by side , perfectly align . and then he step down a ohorat et pove . hie come for I , across thet shifting wam - poline of scrap , as easily as tourist in any featureless hotel . = — e Molly hit the floor , move . the floor scream . it be mike and amplife . with pickup riding the four fat coil spring at the corner and contact mike tape at random to fusting machine fragment . somewhere the lo tek have a amp and @ synthesizer , and now | make out the shape of speaker overhead , above the cruel white flood . a drumbeat > '' ue electronic , like a amplify heart , steady she would remove she leather jacket and boot : she T-shirt sleeveless faint telhales of chiba City circuitry trace along she thin enna int Heather jeans gleam under the flood . she begin to she flex she knee , white foot tense on a flatten gas tank , and the killing floor begin to heave in response . the sound it 142 the kou make be like a world end , like the wire that hold heaven snap and coiling across the sky . he ride wi % for a few heartbeat , and then he move , judge the movement of the floor perfectly , like a man step from one flat stone to another in a ornamental garden . he pull the tip from he thumb with the grace of a man at ease with social gesture and flung it at she . under the flood , the filament be a refracting thread of rainbow . she throw herself flat and roll , jackknife up as the molecule whipped past , steel claw snap into the light in what must have be a automatic rictus Te rea semen same peneneh neki macelabliticheciith hair wild around the blank silver lense , she mouth thin , lip taut with concentration , the killing floor boom and roar , and the scream they excitement . 0 ae aceaeue to a whirling meter - wide circle of ghostly polychrome and spun it in front of hini , thumbless hand hold level with he sternum . a shield . and Molly seem to let something go , something inside , and that be the real start of she mad - dog dance . she jump , twist , lung sideways . landing with both foot on a alloy engine block wire directly to one of the coil spring . | cup my hand over my ear and knelt in a vertigo of sound , think floor and bench be on they way down , down to nighttown , and | see we tear through the shanties , the wet wash , explode on the tile like rotten fruit , but the cable hold , and the killing floor rise and fall metal sea . and Molly dance on it . ae be es dun ead , fant baton fe wide bls gal cost ahh 0 filament , I see something in he face , a expression that do not seem to belong there . it be not fear and it be not anger , | think it be disbelief , stunne incomprehension mingle with pure revulsion at what he be see , hearing — at what be to he . he retract the whirling filament , the ghost disk to the size of a dinner plate as he whipped he arm above he and bring it down , the thumbtip curving out for Molly like thing . jonny nbemonic % the floor carry she down , the molecule pass just abow she head ; the floor whiplash , lift he into the path of the tau molecule . it should have pass harmlessly over he head and beer withdraw into its diamond - hard socket , it take he hand off jus behind the wrist . there be a gap in the floor in front of he , anc he go through it like diver , with a strange deliberate grace , '' defeat kamikaze on he way down to nighttown , partly , | think he take the dive to buy himself a few second of the dignity of silence . she would kill he with culture shock . the lo tek roar , but someone shut the amplifier off . and Molly ride the killing floor into silence , hang on now , she face white and blank . until the pitching slowed and there be only a faint pinging of torture metal and the grate of rust on rust . we searched the floor for the severe hand , but we never find it . all we find be a graceful curve in one piece of rusted steel , where the molecule go through . its edge be bright as new chrome , we never learn whether the yakuza have accept we term , or even whether they get we message . as far as | know . they program be still wait for Eddie bax on a shelf in the back room of a gift shop on the third level of Sydney Central 's . probably they sell the original back to ono-sendai month ago . but maybe they do get the pirate 's broadcast , because nobody 's come look for I yet , and it 's be nearly a year . if they do come . they will have a long climb up through the dark , past Dog 's sentries , and I do not look much like Eddie bax this day . | let Molly take care of that , with a local anesthetic . and my new tooth have almost grow in . I decide to stay up here . when | look out across the killing floor , before he come , | see how hollow | be . and | know I be sick of be a bucket . so now I climb down and visit Jones , almost every night . we be partner now , Jones and I , and Molly million , too . Molly handle we business in the drome . Jones be still in funland , but he have a bigger tank , with fresh seawater truck in once a week , and 1464 the story he have he junk , when he need it . he still talk to the kid with he frame of light , but he talk to I on a new display unit in a shed that I rent there , a better unit than the one he use in the navy . and we be all make good money , better money than | make before , because Jones 's squid can read the trace of anything that anyone ever store in I , and he give it to I on the display unit in language | can understand . so we be learn a lot about all my former client . and one day I will have a surgeon dig all the silicon out of my amygdalae , and I will live with my own memory and nobody else 's , the way other people do . but not for a while . in the meantime it 's really okay up here , way up in the dark , smoking a chinese filtertip and listen to the condensation that drip from the geodesics . Real quiet up here — unless a pair of lo tek decide to dance on the killing floor . it 's educational , too . with Jones to help I figure thing out , I be get to be the most technical boy in town .