be JOHN carter of mar a screenplay by ehren kruger base on Edgar Rice burrough 's novel princess of mar previous draft by : Mark protosevich September 7 , 2005 fade in : ext . jungle skie - day Endless green , lush and wild , extend to the horizon ... as we soar with two military helicopter . on a mission . ext . central african jungle - day a combat boot splashes down amidst torrential rain . it belong to captain JOHN carter ( 28 ) , of dev Group , the most elite of special force unit . he 's handsome but world - weary . a wisdom beyond he year . he spin at a close sound -- rifle now aim at a tiny red lizard , who regards he like a visitor from another planet . carter ( into radio ) clear . Three second later , a dozen army rangers fast rope into view all around he , at the base of they tether -- --drop from the two helicopter hover above . the chopper wash whip the terrain , but the rainstorm drown the sound . the little lizard dart away for he life . a soldier land next to Carter -- jame powell ( 27 ) , all tattoo , attitude , rock & roll . James Dean with a captain 's commission . they trade a nod . Nice landing . and then watch as a CIA man descend on the last tether , miss the clear , crash through branch and landing in a puddle on he ass . amuse , Powell lock to Carter : powell War be hell . ext . village clearing - day a binocular Pov of a jungle settlement -- a village of hut and shack , now occupy by member of a african rebel army . a handful of ragtag soldier , one with a stinger launcher . carter ( 0.s. ) ten I can see . AK 's , rpg ' s...two jeeps with machine gun mount . Intel 's right about the stinger . Carter ( lowering the binoc ) , lie next to Powell , hide at the jungle 's edge . carter ( cont 'd ) the villager be be hold ina school house on the northeast edge . powell take five man from the east and eliminate every rebel you encounter . I will do the same from the south . carter what about the civilian ? Powell do not answer . carter we be here to liberate they ... right ? powell if possible . carter what have you and that spook cook up ? Powell give Carter a long look . powell okay . you gotta right to know . Story be some gemstone show up at a London jeweler 's . the CIA get hold of it . turn out to be a whole new type of mineral . never see before . have some amazing property . lot of use . laser ... and other tech stuff . they trace it back to this village . we have be order to locate and secure the source . everything else be secondary . carter once again , they feed we a phony story so we will do they dirty work . powell it 's the job . carter maybe . but I be still come in from the Northeast . Carter start to head out . Powell sigh . powell bad tactic . but we will all go in from the Northeast . isolate the civilian first . 3. Powell stick out he fist . Carter bump it with he fist . powell still friend ? carter womb to tomb . int . rebel compound - moment later kaboom ! concussion grenade blast through the wall , cause a quartet of rebel officer to dive for cover . Maps and mineral sample scatter to the ground -- ext . village clearing -- as the Army Ranger unit storm the village from all side . sharpshooter lay down cover fire , as Carter , Powell and other race to cover of mud hut -- -- pick off rebel as ' they 'race into view , gun blaze . it 's chaotic urban warfare , deep in a remote jungle . Carter and Powell advance with care as rat-a-tatatata ! -- automatic FIRE eat up the dirt dead ahead . a gunner in a thatched - roof tower atop a tribal worship house fire a machine gun . Carter 's on he radio : carter sniper in the compound ! a rebel jeep pull into view from the other direction . two rebel with kalashnikovs take a bead on Carter and Powell -- int . village hut -- force they to dive inside as mud wall get riddle with gunfire . hole pop just above the level of they head . Powell glare at Carter , who frown -- carter what ? powell never say it 's you last mission . ext . edge of village Carter and Powell dart out another way , trading FIRE with the chase Jeep . Powell take out the driver and the Jeep crash . Carter see the Tower gunner face the other way -- carter cover . -- and race for the worship house . Powell lay cover fire . int . tribal worship house boom ! Carter blow through the door , pick off two rebel officer before they can fire back . the building have be convert into a rebel command post . a senior officer start firing , as Carter dive for cover -- -- fall amidst map , chart and soil sample . massive mound of dirt and crushed rock fall around he . geological testing equipment tumble off table as gunfire ring out . Carter brace for a shot -- and now see the senior officer have he gun to the head of a female villager , bound in a interrogation chair . the officer shout threat --— -- and Carter do not hesitate . bam ! be theese his shot kill the Officer . Carter spring to the ladder - stair to the Tower and climb up behind the Machine gunner , levelling he rifle -- -- as the Machine gunner whirl on he and open FIRE -- -- just as Carter drop back through the trap door , landing hard . the hulk gunner abandon he post and leap through the door in pursuit . with a huge machete -- -- and crash ! Carter block the machete strike with he rifle , wield it like a two -hande sword . the gunner clash again and Carter parry . the huge rebel drive Carter back , slashing madly -- -- and knocking the gun from Carter 's hand . Carter hit the deck . the gunner plant a boot on he neck just as Carter go for he ankle-holster pistol -- -- and the machete come down just as the pistol go up -- -- and bam ! the gunner fall . sideway . Carter look to see Powell in the doorway , rifle smoking . they both catch they breath , exhaust ... carter I have he . powell whatever you say . 5. the sound of gunfire fade , replace by shout of '' all secure . '' they unit 's take the village . they swiftly free the bond of the female prisoner -- a ranger arrive on the scene . ranger the village have be take . all civilian be safe and secure in the school . carter help she to the other . the Ranger escort the woman out . Carter pick up map from the scattered rock sample and equipment ... carter well , they be up here look for rock , all right . powell ( 0.s . ) ( a strange tone ) yeah . yeah they be . 4 and Carter turn to see what Powell 's stare at ... on the tribal altar , there 's a sundial - shape totem make of baked red clay ... with six gem-size indentation in it -- empty - - encircle a larger center indentation . it be fill with a incandescent FIRE - red gemstone , which seem light from within by a otherworldly glow . the gem absolutely take they breath away . and off they look of pure amazement ... ext . village school - day army rangers cut the lock on the door -- ~-as imprisoned villager spill out , bound and blindfolded . the soldier free they bond and the villager embrace they -- -- as Carter and Powell watch from the worship house door . the CIA man arrive , storming right past they -- powell it 's in there , spooky . ext . village clearing - day - later the rain have stop as helicopter set down , bring support personnel ... and more intelligence operative , who be rush toward the worship house by the CIA man . at the village 's edge , Carter and Powell sit , scraping mud from they boot , look like hell ... powell I be gonna miss save you life , you know . carter wo not miss save yours . powell we get home , we be gonna change we mind . we will take two week and want to be right back in it . Carter smile . shake he head . powell what about the private security work ? you still think about it ? we ex - dev Group guy can make a lot of money . carter I be tired of kill . powell but you be so good at it . carter ironic . be not it ? another Ranger voice crackle over Powell 's 's radio -- radio voice ( 0.s. ) gold team -- South perimeter -- please report . powell we get jungle and more jungle . anybody need some , send ‘em on over . he click off . Carter still survey the jungle ... powell I be just try to picture you -- back there in the Blue Ridge , building you little house on a hill without a war to fight . Carter smile . carter I ' 11 send you a postcard . and suddenly a rustling in the jungle spring they to they foot ! they rifle be ready , instantly on alert ... ..- and then Carter , scan the tree , spot a pair of eye amidst jungle foliage . carter ten o'clock ! a dark figure take off run -- just as Carter sight he rifle . Carter and Powell leap into action ! powell go , go , go ! ext . jungle the two soldier crash through the underbrush , give chase -- powell ( into radio ) we nve get a rebel on the south perimeter ! we be in pursuit ! -- as they smash through huge leave and dangle vine , as the flee figure stay far ahead of they , visible only as a disturbance in the overgrown jungle . ext . deeper jungle Carter and Powell leap a stream , as more lizard watch -- -- and keep crashing through dense jungle , run hard and blind , finally burst through into a -- ext . jungle clearing where a few vine hang down , just overhead , from high tree . they catch they breath , listen for movement -- -- and then see a rustling in the jungle ahead . then several yard further . and further still . Powell start for it -- 8 . -- but Carter grab he arm . Powell frown . Carter point to the vine right beside he head . it 's sway gently , while the rest of the vine be not . together , they grip they rifle ... and snap they upward -- to see a young african boy clutch the vine twenty foot above they . he wear a satchel and have a handful of stone he 's be throw . surprise , the two friend hold they fire ... carter . ( in break dialect ) climb down , we will not hurt you . we be not with the rebel . but the Boy remain cling , scared . Powell 's have enough -- powell the hell with this . -- as he raise he rifle and fire -- snap the vine ! -- -- and send the african boy tumble twenty foot to the mud . he land on he butt , as he satchel spill open and -- six more incandescent red '' FIRE - gem '' fall out , glowing magically as if from within . Carter and Powell 's eye go wide . the Boy gasp , then scramble to reclaim they ... but Powell keep he at bay ... powell Carter ...? carter yeah . I see ‘em . Carter pick up the glow stone , with wonderment ... carter you village ... do they tell you to hide this ? from the rebel ? how long have you be out here hide ? the Boy tremble . he look like he have not eat in week . so Carter trade a look with Powell ... and put the stone back in the boy 's satchel . carter I want you to take this back to you people . do not let we soldier see they . they belong to you . powell Carter , what be you do ? Carter hand the grateful boy the satchel . carter now I want you to tell I something . the Boy nod . carter that rock . do you know where you village find they ? another nod . ext . mountain overlook - day Carter , Powell and the Boy push through the foliage to emerge at a overlook -- with a view of e lush mountain range rise into the cloud . near '* the base , a jagged crevasse cut into the range like a deep , black scar . the Boy be happily devour a baby Ruth candy bar as he point to the canyon and speak a single African word . carter he say '' the cave . '' he raise binoc , intrigue . Powell consult a map : carter whatcha get on that crevasse ? powell it 's not here . it 's not chart . carter there be a earthquake around here a year ago . could have open it up . they trade a long look ... as they radio crackle : radio voice ( 0.s. ) base to gold team , base to gold team ... report on pursuit . Carter raise he radio ... until Powell take it away : powell uh , yeah , we lose that rebel ... still out here search . ( more ) powell ( cont would ) might have find they supply route , though . gonna have a look . May take some time . radio voice ( 0.s. ) copy that . good luck , gold team . powell thanks . we will need it . Powell click off ..-. and meet Carter 's gaze ... ext . mountainside - edge of crevasse - day 10 . Carter and Powell trek toward the crevasse , hack jungle : carter we be take a look , right ? a look . powell that be the mission . " carter we take a gem , it 's a court -martial . powell we take one , we take ten , I know . carter we do not even know what they be worth -- powell besides kill for . suddenly , the narrow crevasse open up before they . ominous ribbon , a crack in the earth . depth unknown . powell we have be do this for fifteen year . for who , we country ? no. NSA , CIA , guy like spooky . they war , they agendas . what be we leave this Army with ? carter we be alive . there 's that . Powell study the dark abyss , with a measure tone : powell you ever see gem like that ? how much land in the Blue Ridge you think one of they busy ? forget private security work . a few of that rock and we never have to kill anyone ever again . a dark will . Carter weigh this . Powell push the moment . powell we have be best friend for fifteen year right ? carter more or less . powell how many time before this have I ask you to break the rule ? carter I nve lose count . powell so what 's one more ? Carter laugh . Powell hold a hopeful stare . carter alright , but after we find the stone we be go to turn they over to the brass . powell after I put a few aside for my old age . carter that 's between you and you court - martial tribunal . int . jungle crevasse Powell descend on a rope line , lower by Carter . he feel he way down jag wall , scan a light across the wall - - spot fleck of worthless quartz and mica . powell lot of rock -- no pretty redhead ! carter ( 0.s. ) how far down you figure ? Powell scan with he light . still only blackness . powell good goddamn question . more rope ?! fifty foot above he , a silhouett Carter shake he head . just below , Powell now spot a series of ledge , like a natural staircase . he start swinging himself -- 12 . powell there 's some ledge here , I think I can get a little deeper -- -- and as he swing , the rope frays against some rock ... but Powell grab hold in time . he perches on a ledge -- powell okay , I be gonna unhook -- -- and as he unclip from the rope line , the ledge crumble ! Powell flail and tumble , plummete into darkness ! his terrifying yell echoe -- and then abruptly cut silent . carter Powell ?! powell !!! no response . ext . mountainside Carter tear back into the foliage , slashing at long , 's sturdy vine ... and hustling to tie they end together ... ext . edge of crevasse with the vine secure to a tree , Carter take a knife and carve a STAR and two stripe symbol into the tree . then he back to the edge of the crevasse . his flashlight be tape to he belt , aim downward . he take a deep breath -- carter I '' come for you . ext . mountain overlook Far away , Carter disappear into the crevasse . watch he be the African Boy ..-. wear a enigmatic stare : boy Goodbye , soldier . he crunch another bite of baby Ruth . and he 's go . int . crevasse Carter rappel through the open , navigate far past the crumble ledge and the end of Powell 's rope -- -- and then he light find the bottom of the crevasse . with the break end of Powell 's rope . and trace of blood . 13. Carter scramble to the end of he vine ... and drop six foot to the crevasse floor . he scan he light ... follow drop of blood ... to the dark , jag mouth of a cave . int . crevasse cave Carter wander through the pitch darkness -- carter Powell ?! can you hear I ? there 's no reply . but he light illuminate strange marking on the wall -- character , shape and symbol in a unknown language . intrigue , Carter edge deeper -~- -- and now he light pick up a glint of red . he stop still . ahead , through a archway , he see twinkle red light -- dozen of they -- like constellation in the sky . he stumble closer , pass through the archway into -- int . underground cathedral a massive chamber , a dome room thirty foot high with thousand of mystical red FIRE -gem crystal in the wall . more marking , coordinate in a unknown language , be carve in bas-relief all around the base of the chamber . the room be clearly build by a intelligence ... but whose ? Carter marvel , circle the room . he run he hand across the fire-gem . they shimmer brighter to he touch . carter what be this ...? then , Carter spot something in the middle of the room . a sundial - type mark in the ground . like a compass chart both time and space . and as he edge closer --~ -- he kneel to examine it , see a large diamond - like stone in the center , reflect infinite facet . and as he just barely touch it with one of he hand -- the entire chamber rumble with ENERGY as if activate . the '' sundial '' Carter 's kneel on lower abruptly into the ground , cause a white glow to spill out . on instinct , Carter scramble aside -- -- and see the canopy of FIRE - gem glow brighter , as if instantly charge . they crackle with energy , as the hum grow deafen , and red beam of ENERGY '' connect '' link all the erystal in a spiderweb network - - 14 . Carter 's astonished ... as a swirling wind begin to build , and the FIRE - gem glow hotter , illuminate prehistoric fossils in the wall , embed dinosaurs and mastodon --~- -- while the dinosaur and mastodon fossil grow skin and pelt and suddenly come to life , as meanwhile the cavern ceiling split apart to reveal the night sky high above -- -- and the hum grow deafen and the glow blind and the wind now spinning at impossible speed as Carter see -- time moving backward all around he as the rock above he retract and the dinosaurs clamber backwards from they eternal rest place and Carter 's buffete body shake as if it 's be rip apart -- -- in the maelstrom of sound and light and time which cascade into a sudden sonic boom ! ext . desert - prehistoric era - night in a distant angle , dinosaurs watch as a pillar of red -hot light fire straight up into the universe beyond . smash CUT to : ext . dense forest - day amidst a low blanket of reed and tall grasses , red ENERGY crackle and SPARKS . angle rise to reveal a circle of flatten , burn grasses ... with John Carter , unconscious , scorched and batter , at its center . Carter struggle up . disorient and nauseous . confused to see he 's no longer in the crevasse cave . he 's surround by strange foliage -- black , brown and silver . arid and harsh . a jungle , yes , but nothing like the one he be in . there 's a craggy tree canopy overhead . unnatural insect chatter and faint avian call . carter Powell ?! powell !!! he grab he equipment belt , check he compass . its needle be spinning wildly . his gps readout be blank . carter ( into radio ) gold team to base . this be Carter to base , do you read I ? I have lose a fix on my position . 15 . his radio crackle and hiss with static . and then he hear a different click - hissss . click -hisssss . a insect - like purr very near he right ear . he turn , careful and slow ... and see a baby malagor perch on a reed only inch from he cheek . like a tiny four - winge pterodactyl . it cock its head , curious . even cute . -- as the baby malagor bare terrifying fang and hiss -- -- and Carter recoil , instantly disappear from frame -- and slam backward against a tree trunk eye shut , Carter wince , rub he skull . back to the tree , he lift he head to see -- that he‘s fifteen feet off the ground straddle a large branch , with the ground far below he . the baby malagor have not move . but it 's twenty foot away . Carter blink , confuse . he swing a leg over the branch and lower himself , dangle for a moment , then drop carefully to the ground . he look upward at the tree branch , fifteen foot up . test the think , he crouch low ... and then leap . and skyrocket way past the branch shoot far higher -- twenty , thirty , forty foot -- crashing through branch and flail for purchase . finally , he grab hold of one . dangle , he look down -- -- and see the tiny baby malagor still observe . intrigue . Carter drop from the tree , he hand tremble . he crouch , grasp the ground as if afraid to let go . carter what happen to gravity ? chance it , Carter slowly rise back to he full height . nothing happen . he survey the terrain ... ext . edge of forest - moment later Carter come soaring from the forest canopy , arcing groundward to land in a crouch . he 's breathe hard , gaug the distance he just leap ... 16 . carter ( incredulous ) what happen to I ...? he rise to face a rise rock slope . he pick up a large shard of black rock , testing its weight . to he amazement , he 's able to toss it easily in he hand -- -- and then he wheel and hurl it like a discus , watch it pirouette high over the rise and out of sight . somewhere distant , there 's a creature 's throaty call of dismay . and off Carter 's stunne reaction ... a massive herd of flying malagor come soaring over the rise , dozen of they , riding the wind like four- winge dragon . Carter dive for hide as they soar over the tree ... where the baby malagor give Carter one last hiss and ascend to join he family . Carter blink . he can not believe he eye as he march to the edge of the rise for a vantage of -- a sweeping martian landscape like a African savanna , with a shallow marshy pond below which teem with a panoply of martian wildlife . bizarre desert predator the size of dinosaur ... ... and all frame against a starscape backdrop , with the nearest planet rise prominently ... a familiar ringed planet fill the sky . carter ( stunne ) I '' dead ... have to be ... above a nearby rock outcrop , he can see the top of a tall stone tower . it look man-made . his eye narrow ... ext . rock outcrop - day stay out of sight of the water hole predator , Carter scale the rock for a view of what 's beyond ... -.. and see a great dome structure build into the hillside , with a glisten egg-shape dome . its incongruity in the landscape and softness of its line suggest that it be design and build . 17 . ext . incubator - day Carter jump to a spire and look down upon the dome ... through a thick , curve , transparent roof , he see hundred of egg four foot high , three foot in diameter , with a leathery white shell . sunlight be refracted through the dome and grow with intensity , provide heat . the building 's purpose be clear - it be a incubator . -- and guard the entrance be two calot - formidable , ferocious creature about six foot long , as thick as a rhino , with ten stubby leg , frog-like head with three row of tooth , and tusk jutting from wide jaw . one might think of a ugly / cute English bulldog when look at they , but one calot could eat five Earth dog for breakfast . Carter hear a growl . turn , he come face - to- face with a third calot ( whom he will later name woola ) . stouter than the other , with a endear patch of color around one eye , it regards Carter with curiosity ... carter easy boy ... woola growls a low woola- woola - woola , and edge a step forward , he eye flaring with alarm .. carter ... I 's be not go to hurt you ... .+.. as a huge shadow fall over both Carter and woola , and Carter realize that 's what the beast be growl at . Carter swallow hard ... and swiftly spin -- to see a twenty -foot tall white ape shatter two right fist through the glass of the incubator dome , claw open to snatch its newfound prey -- -- just as Carter dive aside , and scramble up -- only to get bashed by a hulk hairy forearm as it swing back , send he colliding through the incubator 's wall -- back outside . the maniacal creature have two leg , four arm and a head like a gorilla 's . its claw smash into two of the egg instead , haul out two sticky GREEN fetal creature . the mucous - cover , four-arm blind baby writhe and squeal -- -- as the White ape devour they whole , gnash jaw , slurping and swallow ... and then turn Carter 's way . 18 . ext . incubator Carter grab he pistol and open FIRE . the bullet pepper the ape 's chest like bb 's . completely harmless . carter not good -- he scramble , collide with one of the dead calot . the animal 's ribcage be expose -- and Carter 's able to snap off a scimitar- like rib for a weapon -- -- just as the White ape lunge for he , landing on its mid - limb and flash out its upper claw -- -- and Carter leap straight up , just miss its grasp , to a perch on the side of the dome . surprise , the ape turn -- ~- just as Carter take a desperate jump -- right at it , embedding the rib in its neck as Carter sail past its shoulder and land hard in the dirt , tumble to a stop . the ape howl madly , staggered but not kill -- -- and leap again out of the enraged animal 's grasp , landing atop the rock outcrop and racing over its summit - - ~ just as a second white ape rise into view to cut he off ! even larger and more savage than the first , it backhand two arm before Carter can react -- --swatting he like a fly to smash he back through the dome -- int . incubator -- and crash - land among the egg . a human throw toy . in agony , Carter roll onto he back . to see woola the calot lie next to he , with ugly but sympathetic eye . carter you take the big one -- as smash ! the larger male ape lumber through the destroy entry . the female ape limp to he side , with the calot-rib still stick in she neck . they thrash the grasses as Carter and woola both scamper for better cover -- the female ape scoops up a egg , bite off the top and suck out the fetal creature inside . she then crush the eggshell and hurl it at Carter , knock he down -- -- and allow the male to grab he ! the male raise he high in the air , open he savage jaw wide , ready to thrust he down he gullet -- 19 . when woola charge into view take a fly leap at the ape 's leg , sinking jaw in and wrenching a leg out from under . the male buckle , loosen he grip -- and allow Carter to tumble free . trapped between they , Carter see the female block the exit . Carter glance to the roof , then steel he gaze -- and race at the female . she drop low , ready for he charge -- until he plant off a egg and leap skyward ! soaring straight up to the dome 's roof , where he hang onto a break girder with one hand , dangle right above she wide - open gnash jaw -- Carter hang on by one hand , about to fall to he doom ... and now open the other hand ... to reveal a concussion grenade . carter compliment of the U.S. Army . and let it drop . right down the ape 's throat . the ape roar ... and then get silence as the grenade detonate , ravaging the ape with internal injury from its concussive force ! the beast topple to ground , dead . Carter fall -- but land safely in the silvergrass . the male ape bellows mournfully , hurling woola at Carter . with a thunder run , he block any other escape . they be do for . he beat he chest , and now charge !-- as suddenly he torso erupt with black blood and a GREEN flash , as if exploding from within ! the ape stagger ... and then topple , revealing -- twelve silhouetted rider on the rock beyond like a military platoon , except the silhouettes be not human . they be tharks , twelve foot tall and fournarm green warrior , adorn in armor and battlement , riding thoat , great part - horse / part-rhino cavalry animal . one among they hold a smoking radium rifle . his gun give a steady , '' recharging '' whine . the rest await this leader 's command . he be general tar tarkas . the rider descend the rock , approach . twin tusk curve upward from they jawbone . hairless head , menace face , armed to the tooth with spear , sword and rifle . 20 . Carter tense -- he drop he '' knife '' and open he hand to show he mean no harm . the tharks ( among they savage , scar - face lieutenant vaxx ) all look to tar tarkas , the leader , await a order . tar motion for all to lower they gun . vaxx ( to tar , gesture angrily ) loquesh va baresh ! baresh ku tain ! tar hold he with a steely look . vaxx fall silent . Carter keep a surrender pose , but address tar : carter my name be John Carter . do you understand I ? tar betray nothing . carter I be not you enemy ? I be lose . I be try to find a friend . tar tarkas ( intrigue ) friend . Carter nod , warily relax . tar lower he rifle . and then point to he own armor : tar tarkas thark . curious , tar dismount and note the smashed incubator wall , the destroy egg , the two dead calot , and the wounded third . he pick up the blade fashioned from the rib , point at the white ape , and ask Carter ... tar tarkas baresh ?! baresh ku tain ? get the gist of the question , Carter nod in the affirmative , but move to the wounded woola and add ... carter they attack we . we be able to kill one . upon hearing Carter 's English , the tharks look befuddle . armor clank as tar raise a single finger ... and press it to Carter 's chest . a testing touch . 21 . carter that ' 's right . him and I . tar nod , with some amusement , then stride past Carter and examine the calot 's wound , call to vaxx who throws a spear at woola ! a shocked Carter spring in the air and snatch it , save the calot 's life . carter no ! he save my life . the tharks do not know what to make of Carter 's leap ! a audible sound be hear as they look on in awe . two see it as a act of aggression , launch spear at he , and Carter vault to a rock , avoid both projectile . tar tarkas shenn ! heed tar 's order , the warrior sheath weapon . Carter nod he thanks and return to woola ... carter this boy think you be do for . you want to live ? move . the calot '' smile '' and get to its foot . Carter look to far ... the thark nod - woola will be spare . tar tarkas remain impossible to read ... but something akin to a smile cross he face ... and he finally signal sharply . with a thunder of armor , all tharks dismount at once . vaxx curse , lowering he weapon , with vengeful eye direct Carter ' 's way . and when tar turn he back , vaxx kick woola -- send tumble across the dust . ext . incubator / road - day the ape 's body burn and they pelt be load onto thoat , while tharks be busy repair the shattered dome . a stunne Carter sit prisoner , hand and foot bound by chain . woola 's beside he , look forlorn . they watch tar march the scene , commanding he soldier -- -- as Carter 's radio , on the ground beside he , suddenly squawks with the sound of gunfire and laser FIRE , as if tuning in a interstellar war . 22 . ext . desert - day a dozen thark egg hang from basket and brace , carry by pack thoat ... as tar tarkas and he thark platoon trek across a seemingly endless hostile landscape . amidst the caravan expedition , Carter sit bound atop a thoat -- a prisoner . his tired , rag face look toward the horizon ... and he eye widen , at what seem like a mirage ... for from the infinite desert rise a massive metropolis ... ext . the CITY of thark - day nestled in the deep recess of a dry sea bed lie a crumble dome city , loom over the tiny rider . perched on high be more malagor . two launch and swoop over the caravan , helm by thark rider in cockpit harness . tar gesture a signal and the malagor return to the city , screeching a announcement . soon , trumpet sound and a huge entry gate be open .’.. two massive iron door haul apart by lumber mastodon - size zitidars ... a overwhelm Carter cannot believe what he 's see .-. this be like watch a fairy tale come to life ... vaxx kick Carter forward , snap he back to '' reality . '' ext . inner thark - day the caravan ride into a dense warren of reclaim building and sandstone street , bustling with tharks . thousands of they . citizen bow at the sight of tar and he warrior , who be the elite of thark 's military . and they cheer at the sight of the egg . tar tarkas subtly raise a hand to acknowledge the crowd 's acclaim . a murmur then ripple , as tharks spot Carter -- regard he with curiosity and scorn . he can only look on , with a mind that 's be completely blow ... ext . thark palace - day in the city center , a bomb - out cathedral - like building tower over the rest . once a architectural wonder , now a deteriorate monument to war . at the caravan 's fore , tar tarkas exchange salute -- the crossing of mid-limb -- with four palace guard . 23 . int . throne room - day a grotesque thark in a chain - mail cloak , tal hajus , stand on a dais with three thark elder and he assassin mistress , sarkoja , a lovely serpent of a thark . hajus spit venom , scrawling line of troop movement on a map ( with three of he hand at once ) . Doors thunder open -- -- as tar tarkas enter , with he senior officer ( vaxx and jakkal ) . the room be once a great library or museum leave by whatever ancient race build the city . overturn shelf , table and book litter the floor . tal hajus roar , angere by the interruption . tar hurl the ape head at hajus 's foot . hajus quiet . tar calmly drop to a knee . the other tharks do the same . hajus frown at the sight of the pale human , still stand . tar tarkas ( to Carter , a command ) sakk . carter I do not understand -- I do not know what you want . tar tarkas sakk . tar point to the ceiling . Carter still hesitates . so tar motion to he officer , who draw sword and attack he -- --give he no choice but to leap right over they , to a high perch above the doorway ! tar bark another command . his officer hurl they pike . Carter evade , gamboling from one wall to another , fly over they head . tar bark another command . the officer stop . tar smile , look to hajus . he can not help but be impressed . tar tarkas sakk . he motion for Carter to come down . Carter do , warily . carter my name 's John Carter , from America . tar tarkas and tal hajus trade a stare . tar tarkas Mak jeddak . lo jonn-kata . thark ? 24 . hajus eye Carter carefully , then sneer a dismissive hand : tal hajus thark . boom ! Palace guard grab Carter , march he brusquely from the room . and , he believe , to he execution ... carter listen to I ! I be look for a friend . you be not my enemy , I mean you no harm . : ... and as he resist , the guard blindfold he and hold he fast ... and finally head - butt he into submission . as he entire world goe dark . int . sandstone quarter - night Carter 's eye snap open as he bolt up in bed -- a stack of hay - cover burlap , surround by chain - mail netting . he 's be stripped to he army short . but he 's alive . the room glow with firelight . he see he wash clothes hang from a line . he see a meal leave on a table . and he hear a throaty purring . woola-woola-woola ... Carter turn to see woola guard the door , lick he wound . Carter 's eye narrow ... carter woola-woola - woola to you too . he hear radio static from behind he . he spin to see a antechamber , where a lithe female thark , sola , sit on the floor , explore Carter 's military gear : dog tag , compass , concussion grenade . she 's fiddling with he radio - - carter . hey ! that 's mine ! hey ! -- he run over and she spring back , clutching the radio . he try to guard the rest of it -- carter get out of here ! go! mine ! -- but she bow repeatedly , submissive . he now see a washbasin and a cookpit in she room . and now realize . carter you do all this . for I . 25 . sola sola . carter sola . sola smile . in she hand , the radio squawks to life with inhuman cry and explosion . the sound of battle . she put it to she ear . Carter 's eye widen -- carter what be that ?! what be we hearing ? sola Zodanga . lok helium . dak kavall . she see he do not understand . so she lead he to a balcony , step out to overlook -- tee entire CITY of thark the break - dome city teeming with six - limb , green-skinn thark behemoth . bustle and training , march in military formation by torchlight . but sola point to the horizon -- -- where it glow with flicker of light , abrupt and sudden , firework from a distant battle . tiny tracer light be visible -- some kind of airship . the flash -glow move in concert with what Carter 's radio be tuning in -- carter ( v.o. ) dak kavall , she say . dak kavall . ( beat ) the war . int . carter' quarter - close on notebook - night Carter 's sandy , bloodstain hand open a tiny military journal and start to write ... '' my name be Captain John Carter , dev Group , United States Army . I ama prisoner of war ... '' carter ( v.o . ) it be incredible . it be impossible . somehow I have travel million of mile through space , and infinite year through time ... and yet war remain . here. everywhere . War . angle widen to reveal Carter , write by firelight . sola be asleep in she antechamber , woola be asleep by the door ... 26 . carter ( v.0o . ) from that , there be no escape . CUT to : ext . street of thark - day - begin extended montage Carter emerge , follow by sola and woola . he wear he own clothes , but with thark touch : a makeshift armored breastplate and thark dagger ( which on he , seem a sword ) . he attract the stare of all tharks pass by ... carter ( v.0o . ) the sight of Earth in the sky mean I be still in the same solar system . the red dust , the presence of water ... to I , that mean Mars ... or as sola call it , barsoom . and as for the martian ... thark be the name -- for they people , they city , and as I come to soon realize ... for I . ext . thark plaza -— day Carter and sola join a crowd at some kind of public ceremony . the dozen egg that be retrieve from the incubator sit on a dais , with necklace of GREEN FIRE - gem drape across they . as the crystal start to glow ... ... the egg crack open , and mewl thark baby emerge , clamber out , sticky and new . the thark crowd roar , thrust pike and sword high . Carter stare , stunne ... ... for as the Babies first rise to stand , they be hand sword and pike of they own . each then follow a mentor thark off to a distant '' training ground '' ... carter ( v.o. ) this be not a society , it be a militia . the male , female and child alike . and the general who would spare my life ... want I to be a part of it . ext . training ground - day tar tarkas stand watch with he senior officer , as the thark Babies be teach to fight by they mentor ... carter ( v.0 . ) his name be tar tarkas . the rest fear he and obey he . to he , I be some kind of prize . 27 . +++a€S angle track the row to find Carter at the end , hold two pike and learn to defend himself ... from sola . carter ( v.o . ) the strength and agility I now possess have worth to he in battle . it be all this creature value . it 's what they teach they young from the moment they be bear . strength . valor . Victory . Carter parry two of sola 's ( half -speed ) blow , then hop the other two , but she fourth arm hurl a pike that hit he in mid - air . he hit the dirt hard , armor dinge -- -- and sola have a blade to he throat . she shrug . '' sorry . '' carter ( v.o. ) they training be much as mine have be . attempt . fail . repeat and repeat again until you succeed . then repeat until you excel . int . carter 's quarter - day a slimy martian rodent be place before Carter , on a dinner plate with a charcoal stick . he look repulse as sola sit across from he with a plate of she own ... carter ( v.0o . ) the one call sola remain at my side . from she , I begin to learn some of they language . Carter motion to he mouth , fear the worst ... carter eat ? sola tog. jonn-kata toq . carter jonn-kata toq . he lift the drip rodent glop and take a bite . Gray juice dribble down he chin . he chew grimly . sola wear a amused look . she take she charcoal stick and strike it on the table -- it flame alight . she then skewer she own gray glop with it . immediately , the meat cook from within , roasting to a appetizing smoky brown . 28 . carter ( v.o . ) as the day pass , I try to find out what I could ... there would be no help in my search for Powell . int . carter' quarter - dusk Carter use a stone to draw a etching on the room 's wall , try to depict the crevasse cave for sola : carter . it be a cave ... with ted crystal . rock -- like this -- but red . vekk . red. with a diamond in the center -- and when I touch it , it start , all the crystal connect ... he draw connect line between the crystal he 's draw . sola ( and woola ) watch patiently , try to follow . carter if it send I here , it could send I back , right ? have you ever see this ? a cave like this ? sola shake she head . Carter look despondent ... carter ( v.o. ) she have no knowledge of a way home . nor any knowledge of what have happen to Powell . but I would keep look . ext . carter 's quarter - balcony - night Carter sit perch upon he balcony 's ledge , watch the far - off glow of a firefight beyond the mountain . he have he radio , listen to static and the faint thunder of bomb ... carter ( v.0o . ) and every night , I listen to the sound of war . there be another civilization out there -- one even the tharks be afraid of -- but who they be and who they fight remain a mystery to I . ext . thoat corral - day crash ! a child warrior hit the ground , gore and bleed , roll away from a buck , gnash thoat -- the tharks 's half - horse / half-rhino , razor - jaw pack animal . 29 . carter ( v.o. ) to the tharks , I be a alien . a oddity , a pet . but the day turn to week , and all the while , tar tarkas be watch . test ... Carter and sola approach the corral -- enclose by a fence make of ENERGY beam . tar tarkas survey the training ... carter ( v.o. ) and I know my one chance of survival here be to master they fight skill ... ext . thoat corral ~ moment later a ENERGY gate retract with a hum , allow a very reluctant Carter to edge in . the simmer thoat snort . but Carter study the myriad scar on the thoat 's back ... and instead unhook he holster belt . his blade hit the dust . as sola and other tharks trade alarmed look ... carter easy girl . I will not hurt you . the thoat stamp hoof like a bull , razor - tooth bare . Carter reach out a gentle hand -- -- and the thoat charge ! snarl , it lower its head and collide with Carter -- who get plow backwards across the ground -- toward the ENERGY fence ! at the last second , he manage the leverage to push off -- -- and bolt skyward , do a single backflip , then plummete down headfirst just as the thoat rear up at the fence -- -- as Carter land squarely on its back , hang on ! the thoat 's enraged . tar have see enough . he bark a command to he thoat wrangler , who aim harpoon rifle -- carter no ! -- and wrench the thoat 's mane to turn she , just as the rifle FIRE ! the barb whistle past , pierce the dirt instead . Carter hang on , press at the thoat 's ear -- carter easy now ... I will not hurt you ... he stroke its flank in a steady rhythm that start to calm it . the thoat stop buck , settling down ... 30 . carter I will not hurt you ... ..- till she 's finally at rest . Carter ride it over and dismount , stroking its face . the other tharks look mystify , but tar tarkas sagely nod . well do . ext . training ground - day Carter again joust pike with sola . his hair have grow longer and rag . and this time he out - duel she ... carter ( v.o. ) over time , the wall of my room become a comfort . the taste of my ration and the smell of the desert become familiar ... even the sight of Earth in the midnight sky ... Carter extend a hand to help sola up . she seem surprised by the gesture . but take it . carter ( v.o. ) and little by little , the language of the tharks ... become mine ... ext . street of thark ~ night a flurry of activity as five thark guard race past Carter , sola and woola . shout and cry of alarm ... which we hear Carter start to '' process '' ... thark guard as a echo ( v.o. ) lok kalo ! slokell ! munition house ! intruder ! he whirl , try to follow ... thark guard as a echo ( v.o. ) bakvor maggrey ! xanthok sound the alarm ! alert tarkas ! General tarkas ! int . munition warehouse - night boom ! five thark Guards burst in -- with Carter and sola -- to find several dead calot on the ground . crates of weapon have be smashed open and raid . sola warhoon ! carter warhoon ? what 's a warhoon ? 31 . suddenly , a barrage of crossbow bolt come whizzing from above , kill three of the guard ! Carter and sola spin to see five shadowed six - limbed figure on a ledge , scamper for a high window . shape like tharks but leaner and even meaner . Carter dive for cover -- -- as more bolt come fly . the warhoon archer clutch pillage bushel of weapon on they back as they flee -- -- so Carter grab a radium rifle and '' charge '' it expertly , take a bead on the stone ledge and firing ! the ledge disintegrate , as three of the warhoon fall . the other two drop they steal weapon and flee . ext . warehouse roof / CITY wall - night Carter leap through the window in pursuit and gambol to the outer city wall ... where he see two warhoon shadows slip away into the desert night . he get off two GREEN radium blast , but they ! explode into the sand ... int . munition warhouse back at the window , Carter see the thark Guards FIRE more radium blast into the fall warhoon -- kill they . ( the warhoon be skeletal , cro-magnon version of tharks . ) the tharks then look to Carter , nodd with respect .. thark guard as a echo ( v.o. ) tarkas vedd . sek ott thark General tarkas be right . he verras . be truly a thark . and off this admission , sola smile ... carter ( v.o. ) sola be the only one who see I listen . so she teach I more ... int . carter 's quarter - day a crude map of the planet be spread upon Carter 's bed . he and sola sit cross -legge before it . she 's explain ... carter ( v.o. ) malagor . Zitidar . calot . thoat . she tell I she people live lifespan of century . I wonder whether I would too . she tell I of the warhoon raider they fight . and of the great war beyond the mountain -- between kingdom call Zodanga and helium . ( more ) : 32 . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and of the fearsome sab than , the Desert Prophet , the Prince of Zodanga , who would banish the tharks to this wasteland nearly one hundred year ago . Carter find he compass , with its lose , spin needle , and hold it up to the map . explain direction on Earth ... carter and through it all , she be the only thark who ever ask I of my world . it be as if she would give up on she own ... suddenly , there 's a pounding at ' the door . sola rise , answer it ... to find two stern - face thark officer . her manner turn grave ... as she face Carter : sola as a echo ( v.0o . ) Mak tek terra . it be you time . ext . thark plaza , ~ day Carter 's escort through a crowd -- another ceremonial gather -- toward the dais . as the way clear ... +.- he see tar tarkas wait for he . with a officer 's suit of thark armor . and off Carter 's shocked look ... ext . thark plaza - moment later +++he wear the armor , stand before the thark crowd as they roar , thrust pike and sword high . like a knight of the round table ... he 's one of they now ... carter ( v.0 . ) within month ... I have gain they acceptance . be it month -- have it only be month ? it be the first thing they teach you in the Army . if you be capture , learn the way of you enemy . live as they want you to . win they trust . ( beat ) for with that , come the way to escape . suddenly , there 's a wild screech from above ! all tharks look up to see a malagor circle and scream ! two more join it , as they rider shoot red flare into the sky -- -- as a loud klaxon sound , a warning cry throughout the city -- -- as the ceremony fall apart ! tharks hurriedly race through the street , use mid-limb as leg to resemble centaur , armed , armored and ready for - - , 33 . tar tarkas battle station !!! ( note : from this moment on , we perceive all language on Mars -- as Carter do -- as dialogue we can understand . ) tar mount he own thoat and race into the fray . Carter trail sola , who charge up a plaza staircase to see -- sola hurry , jonn-kata ! from the sky ! we be under attack ! ext . plaza landing -- several tharks man position astride huge radium cannon , launcher with gunner cockpit . aiming skyward at -- a gargantuan airship in the cloud descend from gray cirrus , .: the craft be a half - mile long with a open-deck like a great pirate ship ! a dozen '' fighter '' escort zip past it -- as a steady strobe light blink from the ship 's bow . black smoke tail from its eighth ray engine . it 's badly damage ... -..and in the street , tar tarkas notice . his eye narrow . ext . war palace courtyard klaxon and malagor scream on as tal hajus march a outer corridor with councilor , as tar find he -- tar tarkas my King ! it be a helium ship ! it signal for help ! tal hajus it be a trap . Fire at will . tar tarkas we have not be attack ! tal hajus General tarkas . every second you doubt be a second tharks die . turn back the assault . ( with venom ) kill everything on that ship . ext . skie above CITY on city rooftop , great GREEN banner be snap open , like signal to the thark malagor pilot above -- 34 . -- who soar into battle , grip they mount pulse gun as they malagor swoop up to meet the helium fighter -- ext . plaza landing -- while thark marksmen fire and the main airship be rocked ! only now do the helium force return fire -- two fighter strafe the city as radium cannon on the main ship launch ember bomb -- which spiral like catherine wheel , spitting white SPARKS as they hit the street and detonate -- --coarsing down alleyway and into building , cut down tharks in the plaza -- with a bolt zipping right at Carter -- -- just as a armed - to - the-teeth thark race blindly past , and the ember - frag rip he in two instead . spare by fate , Carter pick up the fall thark 's rifle and run on . ext . rooftop parapet meanwhile , tar bound to where fix artillery be perch -- tractor- trailer - size crossbow with coil of rope cable . Operators take aim on the mother craft -- tar tarkas NORTH wall ! FIRE at will !!! -- and huge steel grapple be shot into the sky , trail the taut cable -- and impale the skin of the battleship ! in mere moment , a half - dozen cable have hold of the ship -- -- and they cable coil start to retract . like a whale harpoon , the great airship be pull toward the city ! its engine glow with heat , but it can not escape the cable ! on a adjacent parapet Carter scamper to a high vantage , across a alley from tar 's artillery post . tar and co . be focus ahead , and do not notice a helium fighter soar at they from behind -- -- so Carter leap to a unoccupy radium cannon , turn the cockpit to take aim up -- -- just as tar spin to see Carter 's cannon aim at he -- -- just as Carter shoot a blast that whistle past tar and shatter the hull of the come fighter ! the one - man flier wobbles , throw off course ... and tar fire a second shot , hit the engine as the fighter explode ! tar nod a look of gratitude ... then roar to he man : tar tarkas defend the CITY ! ext . skie above CITY as the battle rage , the airship 's engine and cannon be soon obliterate . like a hook and netted fish , it 's haul through the city 's break dome , collide below rooftop -- -- and allow cheer tharks to drop onto the ship 's deck ! tar put he rifle over a cable and slide onto the ship ! as it descend into view for Carter -- -- see it tee ! with hi - size enemy S. ors ! the only difference be they red skin . they shoot rifle and draw desperate sword , suddenly desperately overmatch -- carter ( astonished ) they nre human ... -- by the tharks who swarm they deck , cut they down leave and right . Carter watch from the rooftop as tar slashes he way through ten man all by himself ... he stare as tharks rid the airship of every red man , hurl body to the ground below . and at the airship ‘s edge engine flare as one helium interceptor craft take off ! like a escape jet with a shroud cockpit , bat -shape and sleek -- -- it rocket skyward just as tar spot its flight ! he fire he rifle and just miss ! the Interceptor SPARKS and smoke , as it jet skyward , disappear in the distance -- vaxx o.s. General tarkas ! tar and Carter turn to see vaxx drag from the ship a squirming figure hide by a rise - color cloak . the captive elbow vaxx and slip past he ... the tharks laugh at the futility of the escape attempt as the figure run toward Carter who instinctively raise he sword to strike -- -- as the figure ' 's cloak and hood fall away -- to reveal the princess of mar a red-skin , raven-haire woman , beautiful and strong , clad in fine silk with a bare midriff , highlight by a diamond stone in a gold set at she navel . this be dejah thoris . 36 . Carter stop in mid-strike , blade hold high . it 's a angel before he -- the most beautiful woman he 's ever see . and dejah be just as confound -- to see a man in thark regalia . astonish , Carter lower the sword -- behind he , tar , vaxx and a dozen thark soldier have arrive . dejah scamper up , trap -- dejah General tarkas -- I be here for you ! please listen to I ! I have travel to thark for you ! tar motion to he soldier . as they brusquely drag she off , she meet eye with Carter . she get only confusion , no glimpse of sympathy . so she eye harden -- and look away . tar nod to Carter , with genuine respect . then march off . in he wake , sola appear ... carter ( still shell - shocked ) you enemy ... they be like I ... sola no , jonn-kata . not like you . {a proud smile ) you be alive . as if on cue , explosion ring out from the huge battleship 's hull , send a fireball of acrid smoke and flame into the sky , frame tar in a portrait of awesome destructive power . consume by the glee of brutal victory , the tharks raise they sword and fire rifle ! and Carter can only watch ... .-.- with both remorse and the fear of what 's to come . cuT to : ext . martian skie - day out of the cloud shoot the second helium Interceptor -- the lone ship to escape thark -~ soar the sky toward ... a chaotic aerial war zone above verdant green plain , where zodangan airship and helium airship be dueling the sky , try to shift the front line of what be clearly a massive war . the Interceptor nimbly dive and dodge low , above zodangan ground troops -- ten of thousand deep -- as they exchange volley of laser FIRE with helium armed force , hold the line atop a ridge , beyond which lie -- ~ 37 . the gleaming CITY of helium a awe -inspire futuristic metropolis , make of hover city section , in a crater valley of river and waterfall . a force shield around the city flicker with ENERGY ripples as it withstand enemy bombardment . fully under siege . the Interceptor fly in , bank beneath a floating palace -- int . helium AIR force hangar -- and dock into position amidst hundred more . its red young pilot hit the access catwalk , meet by red officer : young pilot the princess be lose . int . king 's quarter - day the King of helium , tardos mor , 60 's , great gravitas , sit with head bow . around he neck he wear a diamond stone , in a gold royal crest mount . the Young Pilot stand before he , flanke by helium general . tardos mor do you know she fate ? young pilot no , you majesty . she be alive ... the King raise he head , grieve do . tardos mor then there 's still a chance . helium general it be madness , you majesty . to place she hope in the tharks -- tardos mor stand , use a silver cane . step to a window , to overlook formal garden , where a holographic figure in a cloak stand amidst cherry blossom tree . back turn . court adviser ( 0.s. ) sab than be wait , you majesty . ext . formal garden -— day the dark - cloak hologram be sab than , the young Prince of Zodanga , 30 . the lower half of he face be red-skin , with maori-like marking . the top half be shroud by a helmet . 38 . he watch the cherry blossom fall around he , and indeed through he , with a wistful sort of stare ... sab than it 's a tragedy , you majesty , that a place of such beauty ... must be destroy in order to be save . tardos mor ( 0.s. ) the tragedy be to believe that . sab than 's hologram turn ... to see tardos mor -- old and tired . yet he diamond pendant shine . overhead , the city 's force shield shudder , absorb enemy blast . sab than you can not survive . surrender and you save the life of million . tardos mor but not they future . sab than I be raise in the desert -- over one hundred year ago . do you know what life be like there ? a drop of rain , a blade of grass ... they be all miracle . ( beat ) in time , this entire planet will be a desert . its people will all need miracle . why be helium unwilling to try ? tardos mor we can share what resource we have . we can not control nature . sab than but we can ... this planet be die ! so you will deliver I the atmosphere Plant or I will destroy you Kingdom to take it ! tardos mor it can not be control . it can only be protect . if you try to override the Plant , it will destroy we all ! sab than accord to you ! tardos mor accord to that much wiser than I . 39 . sab than I offer the people a miracle . I have win they heart and mind . what do you have to offer they ? tardos mor peace . sab than 's hologram stare darkly . sab than there be peace in death , you majesty . int . castle zodanga - day a hologram of tardos mor vanish ... as angle reveal sab than in the flesh , turn to a window overlook -- of the CITY of zodanga a towering metropolis of dark metal island among smog - cloud . each islarid * be support by massive stilt . it 's a jungle gym of Soviet -style architecture -- slum upon slum , like a blacken scab upon the sky 's foul soot blanket . giant zodangan airship be sky -dock at platform , with soldier scurrying to re-arm and re-supply . it be clearly a well - oile war machine ... as sab than turn to a general : sab than no mercy . int . war council chamber - thark - day Doors thunder OPEN to reveal a court - like rotunda . eight elder tharks , the War Council , flank a central pulpit -- where tal hajus slump in a lazy , draconian pose . Carter slip in , desperate to find the princess . a assembly of thark officer watch as dejah be bring before hajus . at the fore be tar , vaxx and sarkoja . tal hajus princess of helium . how unexpected . to what do we owe the hostility ? despite the environ , she 's far from intimidate : dejah Commander hajus , I demand the safe treatment of my ship 's prisoner -- tal hajus what prisoner ? 40 . dejah ( pure bitterness ) you be even more savage than you reputation . tal hajus and you more beautiful . enough compliment . dejah we be a damage vessel request safe harbor . we return fire only when provoke -- tal hajus lack of wisdom in red man surprise no thark . the thark audience laugh . dejah see tar tarkas do not . dejah we be engage - by Zodangan warship over the korus Hills . mine be a diplomatic mission . my destination be thark . there 's a murmur of surprise among the assemble tharks . tal hajus narrow he eye as the murmur grow ... dejah for decade , we have maintain the entire planet 's water supply , despite the brutal interference of you tharks . you know that if not for we scientific operation , there would not be the resource on Mars to support a single life -- green or red . hajus scowl , but do not dispute this . dejah within day , my city will fall . only a alliance will save we both -- tal hajus you war with Zodanga be not thark concern . deja sab than want the atmosphere Plant . he intend to override it . another murmur in the audience ... this one of worry ... 41 . dejah it provide we air , we water , we existence . it have run itself since the dawn of time ! be that for one man to control ? if it even can be control ? hajus give a dismissive wave . dejah meet the gaze of tar tarkas ... and now turn toward he ... dejah that Plant be a gift from the orovar , the creator -- beyond we science and understanding . my people have swear to protect it ~- sarkoja you will addressss Commander hajusss ! dejah I address all tharks . sarkoja ssstrike she ! ssstrike she down ! dejah ( plead with tar ) I promise you , this be you fight . tharks once know the meaning of honor . you be more than thief and killer - - until this King -- tal hajus strike her down ! it 's vaxx who heed the command . he charge dejah and backhand she to the floor ! her navel 's diamond stone be again reveal as vaxx be upon she , raise he sword -- -- only to have it parried aside with a crash of metal that send the blade fly from he hand !-- -- as vaxx spin to see Carter stand there . sword ready . carter try again and I will kill you . the entire council gasp -- hearing Carter speak they language . even tar look astonished . tal hajus he speak ...? we language ? 42 . the entire room of tharks now stand , draw weapon . but Carter stand he ground as dejah raise herself on one elbow , watch with wide , stare eye . tal hajus take the Earth man away ! he have no right in this War Council ! tar tarkas but he do , my King . he be the thark who capture she . he have the right to name she fate . tal hajus the Earth man ?! tar tarkas it be the law . another murmur as all wait to see hajus 's reaction ... vaxx ( 0.s. ) this be a thark ? then let he die like a thark -- Carter look up to see -- bam ! -- vaxx 's four hand shove he backwards . vaxx call to all assemble : vaxx I demand justice} ! Carter do not know what 's happen . tar now look grim . so do dejah , now hold captive by sarkoja ... carter '' justice , '' what 's '' justice '' ... tar tarkas you have be challenge , jonn-kata . vaxx take a sudden step toward he -- so Carter spin , pull both he dagger -sword defensively -- tal hajus the weapon be choose . vaxx nod smugly . and draw he own dagger -- four of they . carter what be this ? for what ? tar tarkas for honor , jonn-kata . from this moment on , only one of you may live . 43 . Carter meet dejah 's eye . he 's in this for she ... tal hajus I wonder , princess . how many fool have go to they death ... over you ? and vaxx charge ! lung with all four dagger , whipping wildly . Carter parry two blow , but a third clanks off he armor and a fourth slashes he side ! Carter buckle to a knee , as vaxx bring he two free arm slashing down -- -- and Carter dive - roll forward -- through vaxx 's leg -- in the nick of time . he look up to see vaxx charge again -- -- but this time Carter drop into a fight stance , both blade ready . he back up , parrying a succession of four blow -- and when vaxx swing they in pair -- -- Carter duck the two high strike and parry the two low . vaxx bring the high arm slashing down and Carter parry that . when the low arm strike from the side -- -- Carter forcibly split the hold high blade , leaping up with a forward flip and landing a slash to vaxx ' 's shoulder . blood spurt and the thark buckle ! the thark audience react as Carter land in a ready crouch . vaxx spin , pirouetting two blade at he -- -- and just as they be about to rotor into Carter 's face , he flash he dagger up , knocking they harmlessly aside . vaxx 's extra dagger skitter into the crowd . and vaxx take a roaring , running leap as Carter dive - roll forward , let vaxx land beyond he ! he struggle up -- but vaxx be there ! he barely parry a blow , only to have vaxx punch he in the gut . vaxx slice he second blade -- Carter duck away , but another fist backhand he to the floor . he lose a dagger . vaxx just have too many arm for Carter to defend -- -- as vaxx stalk forth , grin , toy with he now . wound badly , Carter struggle to crawl away , try to reach he last fall dagger -- vaxx when you choose you weapon , Earth man ... next time , choose a gun ... and as vaxx slashes down crossed dagger for the final blow , Carter hurl he last dagger like a point-blank javelin -- with the same strength he would throw the martian rock ! 44 . thunk ! time seem to stop . vaxx stand stock-still ... as a trickle of blood run from he lip . his cross dagger be still hold at he chest -- carter next time . -- pin there by Carter 's dagger , which have run right through vaxx 's wrist and impale he heart . vaxx hit the floor , dead . the tharks be astonished . so be dejah . as Carter wearily stand ... carter you say I name the princess 's fate ? tar look to hajus , who grudgingly nod . carter then I say she life . tal hajus ( a defiant sneer ) then live you shall , princess . while we determine just what you be worth . and to whom . with a pound of he staff , the Council be dismiss . hajus nod to sarkoja , who haul dejah away . the thark officer pound they own sword -hilt on the ground -- a war- like drumbeat . dejah and Carter lock eye ... ++- as she 's pull out of sight . the thark officer keep up the drumbeat . it 's like they be salute ...him . tar tarkas ( to Carter ) come with I . int . vaxx' quarter 's - palace - night tar lead Carter , sola and woola into a well - furnish room ... tar tarkas you mastery of we weapon be expect . you mastery of we language be not . ( a beat ) you be a interesting man , jonn-kata . carter call I john. 4s . before Carter can ask why , squire enter carry the clothes , armor , and weapon of vaxx . tar tarkas this be now yours . carter ( be : vaxx ' 's possession ) should not this be leave to he family ? tar tarkas ( laugh ) you still have much to learn about tharks . tar and Carter sit at a table as vaxx 's squire bring plate of strange fruit and vegetable . tar tarkas eat . woola come sniff for table scrap . Carter toss he a martian rodent , pat he flank : carter run along , woola . it 's all right . the calot plop he belly on the floor . tar tarkas '' woola . '' why ? carter just something we do back home . tar tarkas you command the calot as you do the thoat -~ without force . it be a interesting tactic . tar study Carter , eyeing the sword in he hilt . tar tarkas and you use you sword in a most intrigue way ... tar stand and imitate Carter 's fight move , but the action be clumsy . Carter rise and pull he sword ... carter you be lung too quick ... 46 . Carter demonstrate a more elegant approach . with a excellent student 's observational skill , tar repeat the action with fluidity . carter good . feeling high -spirite , tar move to a weapon rack and add to he other three hand mace , ax , and shield . tar tarkas I use this when I be surround ... with a magnificent display of skill , tar use each limb with equal dexterity against a assault by invisible opponent . stop , he offer the weapon to Carter ... tar tarkas you try . Carter hold up he hand - '' only two arm . " tar tarkas sorry . Carter break a smile . tar laugh , return the weapon to the rack and gesture with he two free arm ... tar tarkas grow two more and I will make you Captain of the Guard . Carter and tar laugh . tar tarkas where do you learn to fight ? carter West Point . a military academy ... tar tarkas +.. where they train in the way of the warrior ... it be teach to I from the moment I hatched . ( with some regret ) it be all we learn . dismiss any temptation to be introspective , tar lean toward more '' upbeat '' subject ... tar tarkas perhaps ... perhaps it be well that you find you way to barsoom . 47 . Carter smile , but he 's not sure . carter ( gnaw at he ) I must ask you , tar , about the princess . what will become of she ? tar reach for he stein , but cannot bring himself to drink . the joy have vanish . from the shadow , sola listen in ... tar tarkas ( uncomfortable ) tal hajus will not honor she request for a alliance . instead he will sell she to the prince of Zodanga . carter so she come to you for help . tar tarkas yes . because tharks should respect - : honor . yet honor mean nothing to tal hajus . carter what will tal hajus do ? tar tarkas he will ... we King , he ... he will '' keep '' she before turn she over to Zondanga . . carter '' keep ? '' tar tarkas he have a '' taste '' for red woman . his decadence know no bound ... Carter be stunne , sadden , appal , and quietly furious . desperate to change the subject , tar rise ... tar tarkas let I show you my rifle ! carter ( polite ) tar ... I ’ma little tired ... if you will excuse I , I will say good night . tar know that he have lose a degree of Carter 's respect , but reply with equal politeness ... 48 . tar tarkas as you wish . CUT to : ext . thark plaza - dusk fiery torch light the gut , loot helium battleship , as hundred of tharks cut free its tether . but rather than fall to the ground , it instead float higher . like a great blimp , the behemoth ascend into the sky -- -- as the FIRE spread within it . against a star-scape backdrop , it light up like a funeral pyre , billow black smoke and flame . rising to join the galaxy beyond ... ext./ int . carter 's balcony - same ... as Carter watch from he balcony , lose in think . he turn to see sola and woola approach , watch the sky with he . in a far part of the palace be a lighted room in a high tower . Carter analyze ledge and other old balcony . sola point to malagor patrol the sky ... sola they watch the sky for helium airship ... carter then they will not be look for I . ( to woola ) stay . concerned , sola watch Carter jump thirty foot to the next ledge ... mortar give way and brick drop to the street alert the malagor ! Carter quickly pull himself up , hide from view as the malagor soar past . int . dejah 's room - palace - night dejah watch the burn funeral pyre , tear fill she eye as she lose ship drift to the heaven . alone , dejah begin to disrobe , but stop when she hear ... carter o.s. princess ... she spin and cover herself , drying she tear . for a moment , neither say a word , both acutely aware of a subtle yet intense mutual attraction ... 49 . dejah there be four guard . right outside . carter then send for they . he wait . she hesitates . and curiosity get the best of she ... dejah ( with suspicion ) who be you ? - carter my name be John Carter . I be a prisoner here as well . dejah you attack my ship and kill my man . carter I think you be my enemy . dejah and now you think differently ? ( beat ) yet you live among tharks , you wear they armor , you speak they language . he point to the starscape beyond the balcony : carter I be from Earth . the future . I be here by mistake . we be lose in a cave -- a friend and I -- and we end up here . all I want be to find he and return home . have you see or hear of a man like I ? dejah no . a weight beat between they . dejah you believe there be a way back . carter that cave be a portal . it be build - - by a intelligence -- dejah the orovar . ( off he look ) they be the ancestor of all life . ( more ) 50 . dejah ( cont would ) they travel the galaxy , colonize planet . they build the atmosphere Plant that make Mars inhabitable , they build we canal , we city -~ and then vanish a million year ago . if there 's a portal on Earth ... I suspect they build you planet too . dejah go to the window , where Earth hang in the night sky : dejah you say you nre from the future ? Carter nod . dejah do life on this planet survive ? Carter hesitates . she wait with troubled eye . carter yeah . . yeah it do ... she smile , emboldene . dejah this be why we fight . carter what will happen to you ? dejah tal hajus will keep I prisoner . Red man be all the same to he . he blame we all for he people 's exile . carter and if I be to help you ? she look up , surprised . carter would you help I in return ? you kingdom have ship , communication ... to help I search for my friend . dejah study he gallant face ... with a newfound hope ... dejah Beyond this city lie ocean of desert - - full of warhoon and worse . it will take day to get to helium ... if it even still stand . 51 . carter I 'il take the chance . dejah and if he 's dead ? if you never find he ? carter I will have try . she search he eye , try to allay last suspicion ... dejah then tell I , John Carter . how do we escape ten thousand tharks ? they whisper face be close enough to kiss ... there 's a charge in the air ... but Carter remain focus : carter by decide to leave . Carter back into the shadow , and with one last look , disappear over the side of the balcony ... as dejah turn back to the window and allow a troubled smile . dejah John Carter . of Earth . +.- and as she look to the star , angle move past she to a hide grate in the high shadow of the ceiling . from a rooftop perch above ... a pair of thark eye gleam ... sarkoja have be watch . CUT to : ext . skie above zodanga - night more warship rumble as they detach from they docking spire , head into the black and murky cloudscape ... int . castle zodanga - war room - night sab than march the bridge level , flanke by general -- zodangan general Lord Prince , we have intercept a communication from helium -- -- as they arrive at a communications console . a intelligence officer read a decode message : 52 . intel officer " King of thark , I request the safe return of the princess . reward will be yours at any price . '' zodangan general it be code with a royal frequency . second general how could the tharks have take she prisoner ? sab than if she 's there , she go willingly . for a alliance . sab than stare at hologram screen chart the progress of he army 's assault on helium ... sab than and if she 's there ... so be the key . second general we will redeploy we warship . we will surround thark and take she ourselves . sab than we ship can not be spare . sab than nod to he senior aide , silently in he shadow : sab than ready my armor and my ship . ( to he Generals ) this be the turn point . ( darkly ) leave the princess to I . int . carter 's room - night late , silent . ember in the fire . woola snore , slumbering at the foot of the bed ... as a shadow slip past . it 's Carter . with a farewell look . int . spiral atrium - night Carter ghost down the stair and into the corridor . but sense a presence , he grab he sword and spin -- -- to see woola on the bottom step . sitting . pant . carter perfect . 53. ext . thark street - night two sentry tharks patrol past , as Carter dart across the street in they wake , keep to shadow . woola scamper right behind , as Carter glare : carter you be not come ! go home , get outta here . go ! woola do not . so Carter point he sword -- a threat : carter you stink and you be ugly but it be very nice meeting you . now go slobber on somebody else . the beast whimper with mournful eye ... but finally slink away . Carter sheathes he sword and look skyward . with a leap ... he 's on the rooftop . woola immediately turn tail and race the way they come . int . carter' quarter woola burst in , chuffing and nuzzling sola 's sleep face . she shoot awake -- and see Carter 's empty bed . ext . atop thark building - night Carter scamper the rooftop , under cover of darkness . a new perch give he a vantage of the Palace Tower -- -- where a light be on in dejah 's high window . a high stone corridor bridge it to the rest of the palace , but the tower be also ringed by a crumble outer staircase -- beginning halfway up . directly beneath it be a thatched - roof guardhouse , with a small campfire . and two sentry tharks . ext . tower guardhouse - night the sentries cross path , then separate , allow Carter to dart through the shadow between they , plant a foot off a supply box and leaping high -~- -- to grab the lowest crumble stair ! he pull himself up -- carter Close . -- and suddenly the stone break apart beneath he weight ! his hand scrape the stair , come up empty , eye wide -- 54 . -- and he fall straight back down ! smash ! he punch a hole through the straw guardhouse roof , glance off hay bale and thump ! Hit the ground on he back -- as a creature's giant eye open right behind he . a stare pupil , the size of Carter 's entire head . at a snort , Carter slowly turn ... thark guard ( 0.s. ) I hear something ! by the tower ! +..to see a slumbering malagor wake . the shack be he home . his dragon - like head rise , wing unfurl -- -- and Carter swiftly look to the campfire beyond the doorway , its burn log within reach . with a idea ... ext . tower - second later the sentry tharks come run just as the straw - roofed house goe up in flame ! and in the next instant -- smash ! the panicked malagor crash straight through the burn roof , flapping wing skyward , elevate straight up -- -- with Carter perch on its back ! sky a pure vertical -- -- he come even with the tower 's stair and jump off . he crouch in shadow , unseen by the guard below -- -- as the malagor pump its wing , shriek , and fly off , snuffing last bit of flame from its wing -tip . the sentries try to smother the mysterious stable - fire ... while Carter scamper a spiral to the high window . int . dejah ‘s room Carter slip inside , see dejah 's figure asleep beneath she cover . he race to the bed -- . carter it 's time to leave , princess -- but the bed be empty . sola ( 0.s. ) she be go ... Carter wheel to see sola step into the light , wait for he . sola you do not say goodbye , jonn-kata . 55 . carter where be she ? int . tower corridor Carter and sola rush out to see two thark guard lie dead , fell by radium gunfire . Carter 's still astonished : carter you do this ? this be you people ... sola they be , a long time ago . and now they know of you plan . tal hajus hope you would seek to escape . it give he a reason to take you life . carter why ? sola you stand up against he -- in the Council . you remind we it be possible . she wear a look of pride ... and remain resolute ... sola you will not survive the desert , jonn - kata . not alone . carter that seem to be the general consensus . she offer he she pistol . Carter take it and nod . carter take I to she ... ext . mountain pass - night on a ledge above , a fix tent sit beside two radium cannon , buffete by a gale . a guard checkpoint . two tharks stand by they post when they hear a distant whine . immediately , they rush to they gunner position -- -- as they and they cannon be obliterated in a strafing of radium FIRE as a Zodangan fighter ( with tail - mount cannon ) soar past , right through the pass . 56 . the fighter be pilote by sab than . his metallic mask consult a blink target - screen , with a map of the city of thark ... ext . desert beyond thark - night we see the city in the b.g. as engine roar ... and the ship drop low , hover over the sand . a hatch swivel open and a cargo disc lower , carry sab than mount on a armore thoat . as they reach the sand -- -- sab than spur he mount and ride off . for the dark city . sab than gallop the midnight sand ... and as he do , he armor blend with he surroundings , cloaking he again as a heat -~ mirage shimmer . a trick of the eye . ext . gate of thark Three gate sentries tense at the sound of hoofbeat . they ready weapon , point they into the dark desert ... ... as a heat -mirage of a thoat charge forth , canter to a halt in a swirl of dust . the sentries hold fire -- gate sentries there 's no one there --! -- and do not notice sab than 's heat -mirage leap over the tharks to land right behind they . they spin at the sound -- -- as a sword-mirage cut two of they down in a instant ! the third sentry scamper back , wave a sword defensively - ~ -- as a swordpoint -mirage plunge out of he chest . the thark fall to he knee , as sab than 's mirage be at he ear : sab than open the gate . int . tal hajus 's bedchamber - night in a opulent room that reek of cruel carnality ... stand a tense dejah . chain to a post be a fierce banth , a ten - legge martian '' tiger . '' Doors thunder open as tal hajus enter with sarkoja , who greet the banth like a kitten ... tal hajus that 's a sweet little girl . to think she once despise I ... 57 . dejah I find that hard to believe . hajus rub the thing 's belly and it purr . dejah why be I move from my room ... tal hajus move ? you escape with the Earth man . why you may never be find . dejah tense , with sarkoja now circle behind she ... tal hajus what be you hide , princess ? dejah I have no idea what you be -- ; tal hajus you '' kingdom say 's they will pay any reward I name . who would be worth that ... amidst a war ? not one life . not even a princess . ( slyly ) only what she have . or what she know . dejah you be mistaken . hajus merely nod , leave the banth ... tal hajus you red with you scientific prowess , you knowledge , you secret . what have you ever share with my people ? the princess back away ... tal hajus you think of we as savage . but let I ask you : when the last lake dry up , when the winter rain cease ... what will any of we be but savage ? ( beat ) and the one who survive ... will be the one who be best at it . dejah watch sarkoja pour a decanter of wine . it 's fill with long and slithering maggot -worm ... 58 . tal hajus ~ you will tell I what you be hide , princess . or you will beg for the mercy of a death that may never come . dejah but they 's 1l pay ... my people will pay ... tal hajus yes they will . and you be the price . int . war palace atrium Carter and sola press to a corner , peer to view a grand staircase fill with dozen of Palace tharks -~- sola his chamber be above . carter any other way in ? sola shake she head . Carter grip he pistol : carter wish I luck . -~ ext . gate of thark - same thark soldier arrive to see the gate wide open and the sentries slain . they burst into action , send the alarm -- thark soldier intruder in the city ! intruder ! -- as , far beyond the gate , sab than 's heat-mirage march on ... as a phalanx of tharks race right by he , unaware . atop the city wall , tar tarkas and Major jakkal arrive on scene . tar stare into the dark desert ... see the heat - mirage of a thoat . he whip up he rifle and fire -- -- as a GREEN pulse - bolt strike the steed , lighting it up and be - materialize it as it topple . to jakkal : tar tarkas ( gravely ) the warlord be here . int . war palace atrium as Carter prepare to charge -- a klaxon sound . the Palace ~ tharks race into action , grab weapon and hurry to secure the entrance . they disperse from the stair -- 59 . -- as Carter and sola trade a look at they sudden fortune . sola I wish you luck . int . tal hajus 's bedchamber tal hajus , sarkoja and dejah ail react to the outer alarm . hajus keep back dejah toward the bed ... tal hajus seem you Earth man 's be find . why do not you try you charm on I ? suddenly , dejah charge he -- darting for the door -- but two of he claw hurl she back to the bed , cut she -- -- and at the sight of dejah 's bleed wound , the worm in the wine grow more and more frenzied ... tal hajus have you never know issla worm , princess ? they enter you bloodstream through a open wound -- and then breed . the pain be say to be unbearable . they secretion slow you blood loss , so that torture that would kill you in minute last for day . dejah try to cover she forearm , drip red ... tal hajus and time mean so very little ... in the desert ... and with a smile , he suddenly snatch she by the throat -- tal hajus what be you hiding ?! as the door smashes OPEN -- as a thark guard come crash right through it ! Carter burst on scene , firing he radium pistol ! sola lay down cover FIRE with Guards outside -- -- as tal hajus and sarkoja dive low , GREEN pulse - bolt ricochete around they . sarkoja drop the glass decanter -- -- as issla worm spill out with the liquid , wriggle across the sheet for dejah with high - pitch squeal ! she scramble back , tumble off -- 60 . -- as Carter 's pistol click dry , '' recharging . '' he draw a dagger - sword with a running leap -- and land just as tal hajus rise , plant both boot in the King 's jaw ! behind he , sarkoja draw knive just as dejah grab the glass decanter -- and smashes it across sarkoja 's face ! sarkoja hit the floor , writhe , blind by glass cut -- -- and she do not see the issla worm cascade off the bed , scent blood ... as the worm wriggle en masse into sarkoja 's facial wound ! she convulse with horrify scream ! Carter lift dejah from the ground -- -- just as two dagger spring from hajus ' 's bracelet , like poison switchblade , hide by the back of he hand -- -- and he drive both blade deep into Carter 's side ! blood gush ! Carter reel , badly wounded -- tal hajus laugh and begin to rise ... -- as Carter recover enough to fly at hajus with a huge swing of he fist ! bam ! the King go down . bleed badly , Carter grab dejah : carter time to leave ... int . palace - night a wounded Carter and dejah race through the shadow , as alarm and commotion sound all around they . behind they we see shimmer of light from the torch of the Guards ... up ahead be what look like a open to the plaza outside the palace ... scraaaaape ! pound - pound - pound ! Carter and dejah stop . scraaaaape ! pound - pound - pound ! a shape appear ...! it be woola . wearing a collar and chain , drag a large brick he pull from the wall to which he be tethere . Carter wrap he arm around the calot and the happy beast purr a familiar '' oola-oola-oola . '' Carter smashes free the collar 's lock with the hilt of he sword . dejah I take it he 's yours . 61 . ext . palace plaza - beyond gate -- as tar tarkas ride on scene , surveying the chaos -- tar tarkas hold position ! Close the gate ! -- as Palace Guards reverse course , hurry back through the open palace entry . and now tar alone see -- ~-a heat -mirage of sab than 's figure storming invisibly among they , about to gain access to the grounds ! with a bellow -- tar tarkas prince of zodanga ! you will not enter this palace ! -- the tharks all freeze , see tar instantly hurl he spear ! it graze the heat - mirage -- as sab than materialize amidst thirty tharks sword poise , brace for battle . lock eye with tar . sab than move with a control elegance as he blade slice the air , kill a dozen tharks as he march forward -- -- as two die tharks manage to get the gate shut as they final act of courage ... only to have sab than fire he propulsion jets and sail right over it . landing on palace grounds . sab than look back at tar tarkas and he remain soldier : sab than tell you King I be ‘here . then calmly march inside . in the shadow . int . thoat stable - night boom ! Doors blow open as Carter , dejah and woola race in -- -- as Carter rush to the black - eyed thoat he would '' tame . '' suddenly , someone approach ! Carter grip he sword and turn to see ... sola , a spear in hand , poise for launch ... Carter freeze . sola throws the spear ! it sail past he and hit a guard come at they from behind ! sola quickly , we must go . 62 . carter we ? sola I can stay in thark no longer . ext . thoat stable ~ night two thoat gallop into the street , with sola on one and Carter and dejah cling to the rein of Black - eye . woola skeddaddle wildly to catch up ... «.. as they race they thoat into a warren of alley . but in every direction they turn , platoon of tharks be converge -- --leave they back to a mosque - like build . perhaps once a house of worship . with no choice , they rush inside -- int . mosque corral -- and find themselves in a mangy zitidar corral , where ten zitidars ( the tharks ' mastodon - like cargo hauler ) munch on hay , bramble and ivy -- eyeing the-tiny intruder . carter aim high . ext . thark alley the pursue tharks converge on the building as GREEN radium FIRE light up from within and there 's a rumble as -- kaboom ! the ten zitidar explode through the door , stampede to escape like a herd of panicked elephant ! they crush tharks and thoat alike as they funnel into the alley -- -- and send the stream of oncoming tharks into retreat , reversing course in a mad dash to get out of they way ! in the chaos , Carter , dejah , sola and woola ride out a side exit of the building . escape unseen ... ext . thoat corral - night tar ride on scene , surveying the search soldier -- thark soldier the prisoner be here , General . they ride with a thark ! tar tarkas what thark ? 63 . int . tower corridor / dejahns quarter - same boom ! sab than storm the hall to dejah 's old quarter -- pass the fall guard sola and Carter kill . in she room , he see the remnant of dejah 's stay ... ... and then hear shout from outside . he storm to the nearest window . from the tower vantage , he spot the escape thoat - and -rider near a fountain square ... ext . fountain square - night alarm and shout still blare as we heroes reach the corner of a seemingly empty square , with a huge , ornate fountain in its center . bone - dry and empty . sola the fountain lead to the canal . Inside . hurry . ( off dejah 's look ) you must trust I . sola spur she mount and gallop it across the open square , leaping the edge of the fountain -- -- and landing in its recess base . twenty foot below ground , it reveal its basin extend below the fountain 's rim . into darkness -- underground . Carter and dejah trade a look to see sola disappear -- carter hang on . -- and as dejah wrap arm tight around he , Carter spur he mount , gallop into the open -- as a rifle 's Pov now sight they -- from high above , where sab than be perch on the tower balcony with he own radium rifle -- as he fire ! and a blue pulse - bolt rip right at Carter and dejah , just as woola see and leap to protect they ! and take the bolt in he side ! woola fall in a flash of blue flame . Black - eye the thoat skid , send Carter and dejah throw to the ground -- carter woola ! 64 . -- and as they scramble up , sab than react to Carter 's face . not ~ red , not green . who be that ? woola 's fall ... he convulse with blue crackling ENERGY ... as he meet Carter 's eye ... carter thank you , my friend ... reluctantly , Carter and dejah leap over the fountain 's side , to join sola and scramble back aboard Black - eye -- sola ride ! ride ! while on the tower balcony sab than reload he rifle and sight -- but too late . they have all vanish from view , underground . the warlord lower he rifle ... with a troubled stare ... int . canal ruins entrance - night the.two thoat descend sandstone step .. sola light phosphor flare . Carter 's wrack with pain ; dejah hold he . sola they have be dry for generation , but they lead beyond the city wall . 7 -- and as they round the step , the tunnel open onto a massive canal cavern , a aqueduct that once transport water for million . in crumble disrepair , but still intact . ext . dry riverbed - outside thark - night the Canal spill into a dry riverbed . reaching the end of the tunnel , sola and dejah crawl out of the Canal and climb to a ridge ... lag behind , Carter follow ... ext . ridge - outside thark - night rising from the riverbed , a relieved Carter turn to dejah and sola who look like they just receive a death sentence . Carter spin ... sitting atop a panting thoat be tar tarkas . in each hand he hold a rifle . two be point at sola and dejah . he aim the third at Carter . dispirite , overcome by pain , Carter drop to he knee , hang he head , and raise he arm in surrender . tar tarkas jonn-kata . -~ 65 . a beat Carter look up ... tar throw he the rifle and gesture at the two thoat . tars_-tarkas ( with regret ) . you ride with they , sola ? terribly tear , sola fight back tear and nod . coolly , ftar toss two rifle to she and the last to the princess . tar tarkas Travel north to the warhoon border . in two day , double back to the ishkee Valley - it be a safe route to helium . I will tell they you track lead south . overwhelm , Carter try to thank he .. carter tar ... tar tarkas say nothing . if ever I see you again ... you will die by my hand . a stoic tar kick he thoat and return to the city . int . tal hajus 's bedchamber - night angle track past fall guard and sarkoja 's worm - ravage corpse ... to find tal hajus . as he eye crack open ... int . thark palace - throne room - night ker-chuk ! Doors crash open as tal hajus storm in , oblivious to he wound . thark servant scamper in tow -- _ tal hajus - tar tarkas ! where be he ? where be -- -- and stop short . stand on the map dais , hand clasped and back turn ... be sab than . scare thark elder wait ... sab than tal hajus . you be in possession of the princess of helium . and you choose not to inform Zodanga . tal hajus I be on the verge -- of send word -- 66 . sab than that you have she ? or that you let she escape ? sab than now turn . tal hajus take a instinctive step back , as tar tarkas arrive in the doorway behind he . sab than who be he ? tal hajus Lord Prince - -? *y sab than the one who ride with she . tal hajus he claim to come from Earth . we capture he many month ago -- in the paktar Sea bed . sab than and you let he live ? tal hajus ( a glare to tar ) we think he have worth as a warrior . he be without you technology or skill , but he have power . the Prince of Zodanga march forth . hajus tense ... sab than you people exist at my pleasure . when the war be over , you should wish to be remember well . tal hajus we will find she , Lord Prince -- sab than yes you will . ( beat ) or you will find extinction . hajus reluctantly lower a knee , bow , and sab than stride past . his armor de-materialize , turn he into a vanish heat -mirage at the door . go . in he wake , hajus rise . stare dagger at tar tarkas . 67 . ext . martian desert - night wind whip fiercely as a blood red SUN rise over a endless sandscape . dune to the horizon . in the distance , two tiny thoat trudge the sand . a injure Carter slump behind dejah , deathly weak ... dejah ( to sola ) he 's lose too much blood ... sola there be no help in the desert . let we ride without rest for the saravak pass . and pray . sola look behind they , we can see the faint light of thark , mile distant across the angry desert night . dissolve to : ext . desert - from the skie - day a malagor with a thark rider swoops over the desert , scour for sign of they as it fly over a rag ribbon of trench - - a expose aqueduct , ceiling collapse and long go ary . it soar on , over a contingent of thark soldier on thoat lead by tar tarkas . a pack of tracking calot lead they on ... hoof pound , follow Carter 's trail ... ext . desert - day a fierce sandstorm rage as sola urge she thoat against the gale . suddenly , a feverish Carter fall ! dejah drop to he side . he 's wrack with sweat and shiver , eye shut ... dejah sola ! sola scramble over , feel he breath rise and fall . she inspect he bandage wound and then spot some scrub-plant thorn bush in the sand , batter by the gale -- sola stay with he . give he shelter . and keep he awake . sola then forges ahead into the sandstorm -- all alone . 68 . int . desert camp - day a makeshift tent have be put up , with Carter and dejah inside , huddle against the element . dejah bring a canteen of water to he lip ... ... and see , around he neck , he Army dog tag . she reach for they , tentative . wipe the grime away to read he name . carter ( delirious , slur ) I want to tell you the truth ... she startles , release he tag . his breath be rag ... carter the truth ... about the future ... dejah what be you talk about ? carter this planet do not survive . dejah tremble , unwilling to believe it . Carter nod . carter the barsoom I have know ... have no life . you will not win you fight . ( wince , shut eye ) I be sorry ... dejah edge back . then grow resolute : dejah it 's the future of all planet , be not it ? your too . so do you stop fight for you survival today ? carter - come with I ... she 's surprised . his mind be drift , delirium near ... carter to Earth ... ( with reverence ) there 's all the water you could ever dream of . Rivers ...ocean ... dejah and be there no war ? Carter fall silent . 69 . dejah that be the world I dream of . they trade a solemn look . Carter 's fade fast ... and as he lose consciousness , she tense , clutching he -- dejah no ... stay awake ... stay awake ... -- and , without other recourse , press she lip to he and kiss he . she hold it ... but when she look back ... he eye be shut . she take he hand , feel he pulse ... he 's still alive . she then see he notebook poke from he pocket . she open it up to the first page : '' my name be Captain John Carter , United States Army , etc . '' carter ( v.o. ) I fight today alongside tharks . I kill man who be stranger for a cause I do not understand or believe in . how it remind I of home ... still hold he hand as the tent buffet from the storm outside ... she settles in ... int . desert camp - night ~ later where dejah continue to read he journal ... as the diamond stone at she navel gleam in the dim light ... carter ( v.0o . ) I write tonight not know if this word will be my last . a princess of Mars have ask I to help she . and in return , she say she all help I . I have no idea if she 's tell the truth . but I have no one else to trust ... sola ( 0.s. ) princess ?! the tent flap open suddenly as sola peer in , with armful of cactus branch and a excited look : sola the storm have lift . dejah emerge ... to see that mountain foothills now loom near . they have cross the desert ! 70 . ext . mountain plateau - night a campfire crackle as sola roast a avian carcass , while the thoat munch on bramble . meanwhile , dejah spread cactus slug on Carter 's wound . they eat the infection , excrete juice and pull the skin tight like a live bandage ... as he wince badly ... carter ow ! it feel like the knife be still in there ! wy sola do not touch . let they work . now eat . regain you strength . she bring food to Carter and dejah . dejah study she : dejah why be you help we ? sola I believe as you do -- that the wrong thark lead we . thark child be once raise by they parent , not the King . now they be teach to kill before they even know they name . carter and before hajus , it be different ? the question stop she . she stare off at the landscape : sola my parent 's generation be the last to mate for love . under hajus , it be outlaw . that tharks who resist , like my mother , fle to this mountain to raise we in secret . until they hideaway be find . dejah what happen to she ? sola she be execute . like all the rest . carter and you father ? sola he stay in the city . he surely believe I be dead ... , ( more ) . 71 . sola ( cont would ) but a few of we survive out here ... and return to thark when we be grow . we blend in . found we place . dejah you nve never tell you father that you be still alive ? sola shake she head solemnly . sola he would not want to know what I have live to witness . that he be the great soldier for the thark who destroy we life . carter ( realize ) tar tarkas ... dejah you father be tar tarkas ?! sola regards they . nod . then , to dejah : sola you should never have come , you see . because he 's forget -~ we have all forget ~- what ' 's worth fight for . ext . martian desert ~ night where tar stare grimly over the sand . he lead a search patrol of twenty tharks on thoat ... as two Zodangan assault flier roar across the sky overhead -- major jakkal Zodangan search plane ! they have cross into we territory ! tar tarkas it 's only ours until they want it . keep search . no rest . ext . mountain - night to dawn - begin montage Carter , dejah and sola trek the jag mountain , navigate treacherous trail . Carter gain strength as they go . approach a steep climb , they thoat falter . they will not make it up the incline . the group trade a look -- and Carter remove the animal 's harness and rein -- carter welcome home . you be free ... 72. -- and slap they flank , send they into the wild . ext . a jagged rock face the threesome climb . the route be precarious , but Carter start to climb with confidence now , with dejah behind he -- -- till she foot give way and she slip , slide down rocky scree right past sola -- -- just as Carter free -rappel from above she , landing below dejah and catch she just in time before she slide over a perilous drop . and off they share , grateful look ... ext . top of peak - pre - dawn - end montage sola scan the route ahead with a digital spyglass , see contrail in the sky . she motion they should wait ... ..- and as dejah look for Carter , she find he sit on a rock ledge , stare at Earth . a moment alone .:. carter why do he come for you ? sab than . he be willing to fight all of thark by himself . for you . dejah not for I . dejah consider ... and finally unburden the truth ... dejah for the key to the atmosphere Plant . it 's the secret my family be swear to protect . carter and what if he 's right ? what if inside the Plant there be a way to change the planet 's fate ? dejah if you could give one man control of Earth -- the weather , the tide , the oxygen -- would you ? would you trust that to anyone ? be that what its maker intend ? Carter nod , muse . dejah hold the stare . dejah we could use a soldier like you . 73. carter this be not my war . dejah for the fate of the world ? carter you world . not mine . too harsh . dejah look away , stung . carter I be sorry . dejah so be I , John . for the truth I do not tell you ... ( beat ) you friend the Earth man be dead . Carter react , stand suddenly ... carter what be you talk about ... dejah the tag you wear around you neck ... I have see they before . you radio , you clothes -- I have see they all . they rest in a museum -- in my city . with the skeleton of a man . carter that 's impossible ... dejah the name on the tag be James Powell . Carter stop still . dejah he be find bury in the paktar Sea bed . over a hundred year ago . carter he travel here ten minute before I do ! dejah ten minute on you planet . it be you who say you travel through time . ( beat ) ( more ) 74 . dejah ( cont would ) in the museum , he 's we most famous exhibit . he 's know as the '' proof . '' that there be life on other world . carter why do not you tell I ... dejah would you have help I if I have ? I say I would help you find he . and I will . she start toward he ... dejah you come for you friend but you be a century too late . carter I trust you . dejah I want you to . she reach a gentle hand ; he recoil from she touch . carter Red man , green man , you nre all the same . you want a soldier for you army -- to run , to fight , to kill . no one ask what I want -- dejah you nre not alone -- carter I am alone !!! a silence . hurt , anger and despair . dejah there 's a place for you in helium -- with my people . with I . he meet she eye ... and turn he back on she . it 's all too much for he . she let she gaze fall . dejah then may you find you way home , John Carter ... where the war be you own . she walk away . leave he stare at he distant home planet ... forever out of reach ... dissolve to : 75 . ext . border ridge - day the trio march on , with Carter now far ahead . sola trade a look with dejah -- why do he walk alone today ? dejah shake she head , feign a mystery ... ++-and as sola and dejah ascend a ridgetop , they find Carter have stop in he track . at the gruesome sight of -- twenty thark head on pike of tall , char wood . the bone of thark arm and leg hang like wind chime from cross-beam . some rhino vulture fly off , cackle . it 's like a macabre fence of scarecrow . Beyond the pike be a dark , forebode trail lead into a towering petrified forest . sola stop , shake , chill by the sight ... sola the ohn tokk Wood . warhoon country . Carter exchange a look with dejah . dejah compare to they , the tharks be philosopher . sola and compare to a thark , princess , you be a light snack . suddenly , a horn' echo filter up from the rocky valley they ascend from . Carter spring back to the ridge 's edge , scan with the digital spyglass -- -- until he spot a column of thark rider , many mile distant , snake across a far ridge . carter rider . look like a thark search party . I have say a day away -- when suddenly -- a terrifying shriek as a fearsome shape spring up in front of Carter 's face ! he 's knock backward as he see the hiss , gnash jaw of a ... warhoon warrior 76 . -- rise from the rock before he . the brute be adorn with crude animal - bone armor and heavily tattooe with tribal marking , and before Carter can react , the warhoon flash a stinger whip -- -- which wrap around Carter 's neck , choke he ! Carter aim he pistol , but the warhoon snap another whip , snaring he arm . the gun fall . a third whip snare a leg -- a fourth whip snare he other leg . sola rush to he aid -- as two barbed bolt be shot into her back knock she down . dejah spin to see four archer warhoon march over the rise beyond the pike-fence , with fierce crossbow aim ! sola struggle up -- -- and four more bolt drop she to the dust . dejah rush for she sword , snaring it and turn -- to see twenty warhoon appear over the rise , surround they in every direction ! carter dejah --! -- as he reach out a hand and she throw he she sword -- -- just as the warhoon swing he with the whip toward a ravine crevasse . Carter manage to slice three of the whip free , grab the fourth and jerking it with all he might -- -- which send the surprised whip warhoon skying over the edge , plummeting into the crevasse to he death . Carter scramble back atop the ridge -- only to find himself surrounded he and dejah stand back - to-back , with wounded sola trap nearby ... as the warhoon close in on they . in what they all believe be they last moment ... dejah I be sorry , John Carter . for everything . --- and as a bittersweet look pass between they ... suddenly a deep rumble sound from above ... and all look skyward to see -- sab than's bat -shaped bomber now darken the sky above , as it zeroe in and swoops toward ground . the warhoon part to clear a landing area - - 77 . -- as the ship dock , amidst exhaust vapor hued crimson by landing light . a hatch open and out march Zodangan soldier , flanking sab than in he magnificent armor . sab than dejah thoris . at last . he reach they ... and study Carter ... sab than and you . ( beat ) I wait year for you . and then I forget . Carter stand he ground , as the Zodangan Prince now remove he hawk - like helmet ... to reveal the red -skinned face of captain jame powell . Carter 's in total shock ... ... as Powell grab he in a forceful embrace . he clap Carter 's shoulder , beam : powell aka sab than beat some pretty red rock , do not it ? Carter stagger , look to dejah ... carter Powell ... dejah you friend ? the Earth man ? no , he 'os -- powell a skeleton in you museum ? that 's the Zodangan who first find I -~ in the desert , over a century ago . I take he life and leave mine . ( touch he red face ) - it 's the atmosphere , Carter . in time , it will change you . extend you life to . Powell nod to a black tribal mark on he throat , which obscure a raise scar . powell that fall in the crevasse cut I open . Voice have never be the same . ( a wry smile ) then again ... what have ? carter you start this war ...? 78 . powell like we always say , Carter . finally find something worth fight for . dejah for murder ! you have kill million ! powell this planet die . you know it and know it . someone have to tell they . someone have to try and save it . dejah you ?! you will bring its death ! she suddenly charge he -- only to be grab by Carter . it 's instinct . he hold she firmly -- and Powell nod a thanks . dejah look to Carter with betrayal ... powell where be the key to the Plant , princess ? suddenly , sola break free from the warhoon and charge ... and Powell instantly spin with he radium pistol -- carter James , wait --! -- as Carter step in front of Powell 's gun . Powell can not open fire . then Carter spin on sola -- carter do not , sola ! stop! please ... -- and sola stop short of she attempt attack ... as Zodangan force now hold she fast . Powell narrow he eye at Carter 's action ... and turn back to dejah : powell . everything you love will die ... unless you tell I where I find the key . dejah everything I love will die ... when I do . Carter stand conflict ... as Powell turn to he soldier : powell to my ship . they haul dejah away to the ship . another group haul up sola too . Powell regards they , rueful : 79 . powell half this planet 's run by savage . and the other half , philosopher . this world be desperate for man . like you and I . int . bomber - powell 's cabin - day Powell lead Carter into a well - appoint room --~ with military chart on table . plates of food and drink . powell now as for '' James , '' you will need to stop with the '' James . '' it 's '' Lord Prince , '' that 's how they like it . you will have you own title too . it 's incredible , be not it ? what gravity allow we to do ? carter on Earth ... it be only ten minute ... powell I land like you do , in the paktar Sea bed . they be home to Zodangan village then -- the poorest people on Mars . they take I in as one of they own . with my skill , I make a natural leader ... and when I tell they of they planet 's fate , the word spread . and more village start to follow . carter sab than . the Desert Prophet . powell imagine it . a '' atmosphere Plant . '' imagine all life on Earth run by a ancient computer -~ cause famine , flood , global warming , all of it . what if all that could end ? if we simply open the computer and change the program ? carter what if it can not be change ? powell you have spend too long with the princess . carter what if change it destroy the computer ? 80 . powell we be man of action , Carter ! carter it 's not we place to play god . powell '' play '' god ?! we be god ! he roar it , with megalomaniacal amusement . Carter remain stone-face . Powell 's smile fade : powell what do we ever fight for on Earth ? Religious strife , border dispute , oil supplies . I be talk about whether or not a whole world survive ! ( a heartfelt plea ) you be here now . we need you . Lee : carter we need to go home be what we need . powell I have be here for one hundred and thirty year , do not you think I have searched ? there be no portal on Mars . my army 's mapped every mile of it . this be the only home we have leave ! he indicate he opulent cabin quarter ... powell for fifteen year , we fight for other . you have never know what I have know . what it 's like ... to be a leader . to be revere . carter I know now . powell we be look for treasure , John . you can not fault I for find it . his stare darken . Carter show no sign of take he side . powell you nre either with I or against I . carter what happen to you ...? 81. powell I all leave you to the warhoon unless you be with I . carter I think we be friend . powell we be . but that be a short time in my life . and a very long time ago . ( beat ) we be both god here John . and if you nre not with I , there 's only room for one . ext . border ridge - day the warhoon crowd around a bound Carter , as he 's escort off the ship . he strain for one last glimpse of dejah ( through a window ) as Powell 's ship close -- -~and off ' the fear in they eye -- -- Carter raise a hand in farewell -- -~as Powell step to dejah 's side , with a sad , bitter gaze -- powell Goodbye , my friend . as the engine roar to life , Carter 's surround by warhoon , with the leader scrutinize he feature ... with interest . and then a rifle butt come crash down and darkness . CUT to : int . dungeon cavern - night war drum and fierce cry be thundering from somewhere ... ... as Carter 's eye flicker open . he struggle up to find himself in a filthy cage make from the rib of zitidar . inky black stalactite and stalagmite dot this cavern . he wince at he tear wound , which he tear away to reveal a ugly swollen bruise . it 's nowhere near heal . suddenly , there 's a commotion ahead . four tharks , in chain , be haul in by warhoon and throw into a cell ... tar tarkas ( 0.s. ) some of my best soldier . 82 . Carter spin . from the cage next to he , tar tarkas step from the darkness . all four of he arm in chain . tar tarkas and all for you . they cage separate they . still , Carter step back ... tar tarkas I swore I would kill you , jonn-kata . it be a promise I will keep . carter what be this ? a prison ? tar tarkas the warhoon take no prisoner . the war drum build in volume . faint scream from somewhere . tar tarkas = : .. what do you want that the tharks fail to offer you ? carter my freedom . have you never want that ? tar stare darkly . carter I hear you be once a honorable people . led by more than just shame and fear . tar tarkas a thark fear nothing ! carter you King fear everything . he separate child from they parent , so they have no one to fight for but he . he educate he people in battle alone . and he trust no one who 's not a thark . tar tarkas as he never trust you . ( beat ) unlike I . suddenly , the roar of a thousand warhoon echoe through the cave . the war drum pick up the pace . tar tense : 83 . tar tarkas they be come ... ext . warhoon gauntlet pit - pre-dawn four huge warhoon guard march Carter and tar up a mine - shaft incline . one of each man' leg be now connect by a ten-foot chain . war drum pound up ahead -- -- as they emerge at one end of a football - field pit of lava rock . uneven terrain , dot with smoking fumarole and burbling tar pit -- all border by tower spire of bone , like a giant ribcage rise from the rock . and it 's surround by hundred of warhoon , drunk and wild . the event have the rowdy , illicit atmosphere of a cockfight -- on a grand scale . a bonfire along one wall light the pit . tar tarkas it 's call the gauntlet . they idea of sport . Carter and tar be position inside a new cage , like a racehorse 's start gate . they be flanke by two other '' team '' -- one a pair of helium men , one a pair of tharks . tar tarkas if you make it to the other side ... you live until the next one . Carter survey the field : it 's divide into three '' section , '' each mark with a natural rock pedestal at the far edge . each base have a large bone -grate build into the ground before it . atop the first pedestal be two shield , the second two axe , and the third -- a single broadsword . carter and all we have to do be run ? tar tarkas you will want to . suddenly , all the warhoon drum suddenly stop . and in the silence , the warhoon leader raise a cudgel and bellows ! as suddenly the cage door snaf OPEN ! and the three '' team , '' tharks , Zodangan and Carter & tar be release into the arena ! ahead , the first bone -grate unlock , split inward -- 84 . and allowing a pack of calot to charge out hurtle headlong for the team ! nothing like woola , this be wild , mangy and starve as ~ - --bam ! Carter get decked by the thark team and trample -- he chain go taut and tar hit the dirt . angrily : tar tarkas such a waste of my training . the snarling wild calot be halfway to they ... ..- as the pair of helium Men hit the calot line -- as the lead man be snatched up and drive backward . his teammate dive low as the calot leap over he , devouring the first -- and snap he free of the link chain . other calot collide with the tharks , who be wrestle down , but manage to hurl the calot off and run onward -- -- while the lone helium man scramble up the first rock pedestal , about to grasp the shield -- only to have he trail chain snare by a thark . the tharks pull he back , hurl he aside -- ~- as Carter and tar see the ten calot all charge they ! tar tarkas to the death , show no fear -- -- as , unseen by he , Carter charge at tar , and just as tar half - turn he way , Carter collide and grab he fast -- and tandem -leap into the AIR skying right over the calot to land in a heap beyond ! as the ten calot reverse course , they scramble up -- tar tarkas ah . some training after all . -- while the tharks pluck the shield from the pedestal , trigger the next bone -grate ahead to collapse in -- and two TIGER -like banths clamber out giant , ten -legge carnivore , with thicket of razore tooth and gleam red eye . they lumber toward the scent of prey . tar tarkas banths . very bad ... 85 . as Carter and tar watch the calot behind they devour the last helium man , the tharks charge the banth , shield ready -- -- until the thark in the rear raise the razore - edge of he shield and slice it across he partner 's neck ! his partner fall . the thark slice again , sever he ally ''s foot -- -- and with both shield , the betrayer thark charge the banth , pile -drive they with the shield and blast a path through they snap jaw . he 's past they ! and as one banth lumber to devour the helpless other thark , the second charge Carter & tar ! Carter nearly lose he balance ... on the edge of one of the boil tar pit -- tar tarkas stand you ground . when Carter try to run , tar hold he firm . alarm , he see the banth lunge at they , jaw wide -- -- as tar suddenly hurl Carter to the right and dive to the leave , pull they chain taut in mid-air -- -- as the banth crash jaw down upon ... the chain ! split it ! Carter and tar be freed ! the banth whirl on Carter , who dive and roll , evade snap jaw . but the banth 's tail whip around , knock Carter onto he back ! the banth lunge jaw again ... and Carter grab two of its front fang ! block the banth , struggle in place -- -- and then with all he strength , pushing it backward . like a block sled , he edge the banth toward the tar pit right behind it . the banth shriek , whipping its tail -- -- but it can not reach Carter , as Carter drive he into the boil oil sludge tail - first . with one last leaping heave , Carter upend the banth -- bam ! -- onto its back -- -- and leap off as the scream animal get consumed by the smoking sludge . Carter look to tar ... who nod approval . up ahead , the lone thark reach the second pedestal and the spear -- which trigger the final bone - grate to retract -- and a hulking four -armed simiac climb from he subterranean cage . it 's one of the '' giant ape '' Carter fight at the incubator , but this one be gray and twice they size . he have dragon- like scale , dirty , scar and feral . he 's the warhoon 's prize fighter . 86 . carter this guy . I hate this guy ... the lone thark be now armed to the tooth -- with two spear and two shield . he 's ready for the simiac 's charge -- -- and as he hurl he spear , piercing the simiac , it never slow , grab all four of the thark 's arm and snapping they off . he then grab the shocked thark by the torso -- -- and shovel he into he mouth like a live hot dog . the simiac wolf down the thark in second flat . he pluck out the spear like they be splinter ... ... and then he gaze find Carter and tar . carter kill one once , do not I ? tar tarkas yes . but that be a girl . at the sight of the simiac , the remain banth and calot skulk away , cower . the warhoon crowd goe wild ... back in the gauntlet pit Carter spy the huge bone spire border the pit , a idea form . he spot the sword on the final rock pillar ... carter we be in this together , be not we ? tar say nothing ... as they lock eye -- carter I need that sword . -- and the simiac charge ! Carter grab the two shield from the fall thark -limb . he leap aside as the simiac swipe -- -- and land near the bonfire wall border this section of the course . Carter dip the shield in a tar pit and then touch they to the bonfire -- -- and the shield be aflame ! he now stalk the simiac -- and as it throw fist , Carter block they with the flaming shield , cause the beast 's paw to catch fire ! but the simiac seem unfaze , hurl now -flaming fist at Carter . each impact knock Carter yard backward , force he to scramble up . his shield go fly -- 87 . -- as with the diversion , tar have a clear path to the pedestal . he scramble up , grab the sword . tar tarkas jonn-kata ! he hurl it ... and Carter leap , landing beside a tar pit and dip the blade in tar just as the simiac 's upon he -- -- and Carter meet its flame fist with the sword -- which catch the sword aflame ! with both hand , Carter slashes and parry , fend off the beast 's blow -- -- and then leap straight up , to eye-level , and slashes out the simiac 's eye with a last fiery swing . blind , it howl , stumbling back ... right into the bonfire wall ! its whole body light up , consume by fire - ~ -- as its arm flail -- bam ! bam ! -- collide with one of the tall bone spire ... and crack it ... carter be that all you have get ! be that all you've got ?! -- and as the die simiac continue flail and batter -- the curve bone spire crack free topple backwards like a tree fell at the trunk ...to brace against the side of the gauntlet pit ! like a ramp out ! carter go , go , go ! seize the chance , Carter and tar race up the bone spire -- ext . rock badland - above the pit -- and find themselves on a table - land with a some mangy thoat and zitidars tethere to a makeshift hitching post . tar pull Carter to a sudden stop ... and direct he gaze ... ext . gauntlet pit - moment later furious warhoon charge out of the pit , scale ladder , only to be brush back by the flapping wing of a malagor -- with tar and carter at the reins as they evade the rifle blast of the vanish warhoon - - 88 . carter think you be gonna kill I . tar tarkas first thing first . -- as they soar ever-higher , to give we a new vantage of the gauntlet pit ... where all that bone-spire form the ribcage of a gargantuan skeleton . a prehistoric martian whale . back at the pit 's edge while warhoon roar with rage , they charge across the table - land -- and then several suddenly collide and fall back - ~ -- as if they have hit something invisible ... which they have . a rippling heat-mirage turn into a zodangan assault flier as its engine FIRE . two pilot have be lie in wait -- zodangan pilot alert the Prince . ext . martian canyon - day - later tower cliff of rock , mile high , flank a long - dry riverbed ... as the malagor soar through a narrow pass ... where there be ominous stormcloud on the horizon ... -.- and now the malagor suddenly shriek , tug at its rein . tar struggle to keep it fly level -- carter what 's wrong ?! tar 's eye narrow , at the darken sky : tar tarkas there 's something ... out there ... and as they stare at the ominous canopy ahead , they watch the image ripple slightly , as if there 's a mirage in front ... get closer ... the mirage of a small airship ... tar tarkas get down ! and suddenly blue radium bolt OPEN FIRE from nowhere ! the malagor dive low , evade as the assault flier zip past , again materializing into view --~ -- as do its two pilot at the open-air ship 's control . they ship bank in pursuit of the malagor . 89 . tar tarkas it be a Zodangan assault flier ! we will never outrun it ! we have to get to the cloud ! ext . martian skie - in darkening cloudscape the malagor soar into the ominous cloud , wisp of heavy gray . wind whip harder here , buffete they all . carter you be take we into a storm ! tar tarkas they will never follow ! this be no storm , jonn-kata -- it be where all we weather start ! carter ( in amazement ) the atmosphere Plant ?! tar nod . they look back to see the assault flier sweep through rumbling cloud , diving toward they . carter and they will never follow , huh ? the flier open FIRE -- as radium - bolt rip into the malagor 's wing , shredd and smoking they ! the creature wail , as tar drive it through more cloud -- -- as they watch the diving flier drop away and disappear into the gray cirrus below -- tar tarkas take the rein ! pull this to dive -- on my signal ! carter what about you ?! tar weigh he with a grudge smile : tar tarkas on my signal ... he edge out to the malagor 's wing , and spot a glimpse of the assault flier through the cloud below -- tar tarkas now ! 90 . -- and Carter pull hard on the low rein , force the malagor 's chin down and dive - bombing -- -- to flash right past the assault flier as tar leap off -- and tackle the pilot aboard there flier to they shock , as tar 's four arm sweep they all overboard , as they fall through the cloud , gun fire -- -- while tar just barely manage to hang on to the side of the flier , which wobble badly , go down -- as aboard the malagor Carter lose sight of tar . he 's hit by a gust of turbulence as the malagor wail , its strength give out . Carter tug at the rein , but the beast stop flap -- carter no ! hang on ! c'mon , hang on ! -- as they cut through the cloud , lower and lower , until suddenly huge dune of black sand rise up dead ahead ... and the malagor crash to Earth and the whole world go dark ! ext . martian valley ~ day angle soar above the black smoke and rubble that once be a small helium farming community . destroy by Zodanga 's force . a ribbon of refugees trudge across the land ... int . powell' airship +..as dejah watch from the window of Powell 's quarter . he sit in he captain - like chair : dejah tell I , '' James Powell . '' what sort of man send he friend to he death ? powell you send a entire people . they fate be seal -~ and yet you ask they to fight . dejah I ask they to follow they conscience . Powell rise and approach she as she press ... dejah for millennia , we meager resource have be share among we all . ( more ) 91 . dejah ( cont would ) we have ration and conserve . and then you arrive ... to say no such sacrifice must be make . ( beat ) despite the fact you have no proof . powell I will . once I have you key . he stand close . she hold she ground . powell wherever it 's hide , you will tell I . the war end the moment you do . he reach for she hand , raise it ... and press he lip . powell I taste blood on they , princess . he exit , leave she alone at the window . she stare out again at the column of refugee ... and place a hand to she stomach , lift the edge of she clothes -- ~- to reveal that the gold royal crest that pierce she navel be empty . the inset diamond stone be go . ext . martian ash badland - day stormcloud surround ... with flash of heat lightning on the horizon , as amidst dune of volcanic ash ... rest a dead malagor , half - bury . from beneath one of its wine ... struggle a batter , ash - cover Carter . but he 's alive . he survey the cloud ... carter tar tarkas ?! tar tarkas !!! but only wind howl back . so he crawl up the dune ... where he 's confront with a black desert vista ... ext . ash badland - day - mcntage from a high vantage , Carter trudge ahead through fierce wind and swirling black ash -- i: so :0ssibly harsh condition . the thunder be ominous and constant ... he keep struggle onward , 2s fork of lightning connect with a ash dune peak in the dis*ance ... in the midst of the tempest , he fall to he knee , brace he body , pound by swirling :°‘i... as he start to crawl forward , hand - over-struggling - hand ... 92 . ext . ash badland ~ day - end montage Carter 's eye snap open , batter by the gale . he 's collapse from exhaustion . and yet a mere few yard ahead ... there's a single blue flower poke out of the ash . weakly , Carter pull himself toward it , and as he reach for the flower ~ - --his hand pass through a curtain of ash ... to touch the flower on the other side . where the air be still . Carter drag himself forward , through the weather '' curtain '' -- to find himself in a field of blue flowers in a grassy expanse , utterly calm , and tower above he -- be the atmosphere plant a giant column of twist white cloud rise three mile into the air from it , feed the very atmosphere of Mars . it 's like the eye of a hurricane . Storm wind swirl all around it , but here -- on the inside -- all be calm . the sheer metal edifice ‘has no door , no window . no way inside . awestruck , Carter stagger to the wall of the building -- which cover four square mile and tower two hundred foot . he sink to the ground , exhaust ... carter the whole war ... over this ... he laugh ruefully , delirious from he trek . his laughter convulse he body -- he wince , hold he wound . and then he keel over . the wound be really hurt he now -- -- and as he look down , he see a strange glow come from he side , like a hot coal inside he skin , as he scar start to split apart . his flesh grow white hot -- and a wide beam of blinding light sear out from he side , '' project '' on the wall of the plant like a curtain of ENERGY , which cause a door - size section of the wall to ripple into view -- -- and then the section of wall vanish as if it be never there , revealing a long silver corridor ! and the beam of light cut off , leave a white hot ingot in Carter 's side as it slip free out of the wound -- 93 . -- al itse to be dejah 's diamond ' one . it hit the ground and cool , all its energy recede . Carter stare in complete amazement ... carter the key . int . silver corridor a long hall , with another rippling '' door '' at the end . it 's like a airlock -- between a space where the law of physics apply and another where they do not . and as Carter walk through , clutching the '' key '' in he hand ... he wound mysteriously heal , he skin be cleaned of ash ... and he limping gait become strong and sturdy ... as he pass through the beckone '' ripple '' ~- int . atmosphere plant -- into the plant itself . he find himself on a balcony , overlook a metropolis - size expanse of machinery . it extend for mile ahead , mile above and mile below . and as he turn to where he expect the '' door '' to be , he find it extend for mile behind hin . a voice ( 0.s. ) welcome , John Carter . Carter spin back to see a tiny old man in a cloak , inch away from he face , seemingly hover above the machinery chasm . he 's impossibly age , nearly mummify , but with a slightly enlarge head and feature ... and white skin . carter who ... be you ... the orovar ( v.o. ) the one who remain . ( beat ) on all we world , there be always one who remain . Carter react , incredulous . the man 's mouth have not move . he speak telepathically . the orovar ( v.o. ) I be the last of the orovar . the little man hover before he . expressionless . 94 . carter you ... you run the Plant ? the orovar ( v.o. ) it run itself . I merely stay . carter why ? the orovar ( v.o. ) in the event we ever must come back , I must let the other know . that Mars be safe . that life go on . ( beat ) it be the same with you planet Earth . carter you know where I be from ... the orovar nod sagely . carter what else do you know ? the orovar ( v.o. ) that you wish to return . with that , the orovar wave a slow hand ... with a familiar hum , a translucent pedestal rise from the depth of the plant -- until it 's level with they platform . then a canopy of red FIRE -gem crystal shimmer into view all around it -- just like the portal chamber in the cave . the orovar ( v.o. ) we pathway be never mean to be discover . we world should never have cross . with another wave , a hologram walkway , like a shimmer plank appear -- from the platform to the pedestal . carter be that ... my way home ...? the orovar ( v.o. ) you way be of you own volition . he motion Carter onto the holo-walk . Carter take a step -- it n's translucent and shimmer , but it 's solid . 95 . carter I do not understand . if you orovar can create world , create life ... why do not you interfere ? with the fate you have set in motion ? the orovar ( v.o . ) it be we science . carter and you planet be ... experiment ? the orovar ( v.o. ) that we may one day know the essential nature ... of whatever intelligence create we . Carter advance , near the portal . but then ... carter what will happen if Powell take over the atmosphere Plant ? the orovar ( v.o. ) to attempt to control it will be to destroy it . carter then you will stop he . the orovar ( v.o. ) one do not stop a experiment . carter you will just stand by ? you will just watch this planet die ? the orovar stare patiently . as if deal with a child . carter I help start this war . you know that ? it 's my fault he 's here . the orovar ( v.0o . ) in science , there be cause . there be no such thing as fault . carter someone have to tell he ! that all this can not be control ! someone have to stop he ! Carter stare at the diamond stone in he hand ... 96 . carter what if the key remain inside the Plant ? the orovar ( v.0 . ) it be one . it be not the only . carter goddammit ! do not you know what 's happen ?! there 's a war out there and million be die ! why will not you involve yourself ?! the orovar ( v.o. ) why will not you . he speak without judgement . Carter despair , look to the portal . the beckone crystal ... the way home ... carter and would I survive ? would she ? the orovar say nothing . carter I be one man . what can I do ? the orovar ( v.o. ) yes , John Carter . forever and always . that be the experiment . with a heavy sigh , Carter set he jaw ... and step to the pedestal . the crystal canopy begin to glow , and a hum rise . the orovar lift a farewell hand ... the hum grow deafen . the crystal blaze red . and Carter 's conflict face be bath in a blinding glow ... ext . atmosphere plant - dusk the field of blue flower be serene and still ... as a pair of boot step out from the plant . _ Carter emerge ... .+- and turn to see the orovar in the rippling '' doorway . '' carter never leave a man behind . the little man hover with a faint smile on he face . Scientific interest ? envy ? pride ? the orovar ( v.o. ) look to the southwest sky . 97 . and then the '' doorway '' turn opaque ... and be a wall again . Carter turn to the '' curtain '' of weather ... start to regret he choice ... and now stare skyward , hearing faintly ... tar tarkas ( 0.s. ) jonn-kata , be you out there ?! can you hear I ?! ext . ash badland - in the skie amidst the stormcloud , the Zodangan assault flier hover ... with tar tarkas at the helm . he struggle to control the ship as he searchlight sweep the dune -- -- and now illuminate Carter rush into view , wave arm to signal . with amazement , tar broadly smile ... ext . edge of badland - dusk from the STORM cloud , the assault flier shoot away , flanke by flare of lightning ... with tar and Carter aboard . tar turn to see Carter stare at the recede storm . tar tarkas what happen to you back there ? carter ( a distant stare ) I see my future . tar turn back to the flier 's control , smoke pour from its underside as the engine strain . tar tarkas why do you come back ? carter I see a friend in trouble . tar tarkas a...friend ... tar frown as if it 's a word he 's only hear about . tar tarkas I have ten thoat , jonn-kata ; you may take you choice from among they , and I will accompany you to the nearest waterway that lead to helium . ( off carter look ) tar tarkas may be a cruel warrior , but he can be a friend as well . 98 . carter and what happen when you return to thark without I ? tar tarkas death , possibly , or worse . ( beat ) be this not a choice '' friend '' make ? carter why do you fight for he ? the great thark stop . something register . tar tarkas a soldier follow order . carter from the thark who kill he family ? tar ' eye narrow suddenly . carter I know about she , General . how she keep you name a secret . how she die to save you and you child . tar tarkas no ... you know nothing ... carter I know you once fight for she . you once fight for love . tar tarkas you know nothing ! carter I hear the story from you daughter herself . from sola . turn toward he , tar suddenly stop as if shot . carter she 's a prisoner of Zodanga -- along with the princess . she believe in a better way for she people . tar tarkas sola ? tar wear a distant , dark stare . 99 . carter on my planet , army march for flag and leader . but we fight for we family and we child . I know of no great honor than that . tar look as if he will kill Carter then and there . but instead , he turn away ... tar tarkas I have order , jonn-kata . to return to thark . carter then we go together . tar stop . look back . carter and you can watch one more life end for you . tar turn away and stare over the bow ... at another helium farming settlement below -- all skeleton and scorched earth now . and off the dark look in tar 's eye ... ext . CITY of thark - day the assault flier soar across the desert . atop a city wall , cannon gunners draw a bead ... until they hear a distinctive thark horn . and now see tar tarkas at the helm ... int . war council rotunda - day the War Council be in session , with tal hajus slump in he central pulpit . a elder councilor be speak -- thark elder but my King , the desert well will not sustain we . and Zodanga refuse we fair rate of trade -- tal hajus tharks will survive ! we have always survive ! let the red man slaughter each other and we will remain -- suddenly , the door thunder open as a thark guard race in -- thark guard a Zodangan ship --! 100 . tal hajus a war council be in session --! thark guard it be General tarkas ! a murmur in the room . hajus 's face fall ... as suddenly a thoat ride right in to the council chamber , with tar tarkas and Carter he prisoner . tar dismount , haul Carter down -~- -- spilling he to the floor , hand bound , before the council . tar tarkas he be find . hajus scowl to see tar alive ... but hide he displeasure . tal hajus then let we have he execution . / carter . , i’ demand the right to speak : tal hajus ( to tar ) cut he apart . first he tongue . tar hesitates . tal hajus eye 's narrow with suspicion . tal hajus General tarkas -- tar tarkas he be still a thark . last word be he right . hajus glower , feel the stare of the War councilor . tal hajus speak . then you die . Carter slowly stand , and face . the thark audience : carter Soldiers of thark ... I have be one among you . I have fight shoulder to shoulder . you be a brave people and you love bravery , but be that all ? tal hajus dream of war -- of carnage and suffer . while you true warrior dream ... of a end to it all . ( turn to hajus ) you have make you people into a arsenal , not a army . ( more ) . 101 . carter ( cont would ) you nre merely weapon that kill -- without ask what you be kill for . tal hajus for thark ! carter which thark ? who ? tell I just one name . one thark whose life matter more than you own . all await he answer . and he have none ... tal hajus what '' one thark '' ? all of thark ! only a child would mourn the death of just one thark ! ( to tar , rage ) enough , tarkas ! kill he ! now ! but tar do not move . his eye be on Carter 's . tal hajus I say kill he ! so hajus himself draw four battle axe and leap down from he pulpit , only to have tar step in front of Carter : tar tarkas I demand justice . a astonished gasp from the room ... tar tarkas I challenge you . hajus stare , stunne ... as tar pull he own four sword . the whole War Council be watch ... tal hajus here be you death . - and hajus charge . they weapon crash together , with thunder two -arm swing . it 's a meeting of veteran warricr -- despite hajus 's corpulence , he 's a worthy opponent . they strike and spin , power steel against steel -- -- as they multi-limb bash the blade back and forth . hajus charge like a wild bull , keep tar off - balance . he fight like a thark possess , unbow by any hit that tar land . he 's start to wear tar down - ~- 102 . -- and knock three of he sword from he hand with a roaring sweep of he axe . tar now hold a lone sword -- -- and now glance to Carter , remember they '' fencing '' lesson . tar take a balanced stance -- -- and as hajus gleefully charge for the kill , tar move back on a single axis , parrying all four strike with only one of he own . hajus 's last lunge leave he off - balance -- -- and tar now attack , lung forward , move hajus back on he heel , seize a open , sweeping he sword -- -- and he cut off the King 's head . the rest of tal hajus slump to the floor . a shocked silence in the room . then tar turn to face the assemble thark officer ... and as he do , they all kneel . for he now . tar regards the elder of the War Council . they bow they head in deference too . thark councillor it be justice ... my King . find Carter 's eye , tar get a nod of gratitude and respect . and Carter kneel too . carter we await you command . ext . gate of thark - day tar tarkas clamber atop the ruin gate , where hundred of tharks have assemble , with more come , as news of they new King spread . there 's excitement in the air ... -.- and from around a corner , a calot come run at full - speed , just as Carter turn in amazement -- carter woola ...?! -- as woola , alive and well , tackle he to the ground , slurping he with a grotesque tongue ! he 's streak with scar from the radium bolt . but loyal and overjoy ... carter yeah , okay , okay -- I be happy to see you too , yeah , all right ... and as he struggle up , tar address the grow crowd : 103 . tar tarkas Soldiers of thark ! we planet have long be die , yet forever have the tharks survive ! and forever more we will . but only if Zodanga fall . for they fight for a fantasy ... that will destroy we all . ( beat ) the peaceful people of helium shall never defeat Zodanga alone , nor will we , but together ... there be hope . he trail off , surveying the stone thark face . no sign of like mind . but still , he try : tar tarkas tharks have never make alliance , and this be not we war . I will not command you to go . however , any thark who volunteer ... he look to Carter below , in the gateway : carter -.- we will take he . a moment 's silence , and then one of tar 's senior officer , Major jakkal , step up beside Carter . major jakkal we will take he . and then a boyish young thark Captain join the group ... thark captain we will take he . . -- and now the word start to spread into the crowd , like a rallying cry , as sword be lift ... thark soldier we will take he . / we will take he ! we will take he !/ we will take he ! and as the cry build to a deafen thunder , with sword and pike thrust into the air , tar meet Carter 's eye ... ext . zitidar mosque - day the great door be throw open , casting light on the mighty pack - animal zitidars as tharks rush in to prepare they . 104 . int . weapon museum room - day tharks swarm the weapon case , pile armful of blade , gun and armament . gird for war . ext . plaza landing - day black -and-green flag whip in the wind -- standard hold by six thark rider on thoat . tar pace before they , with Carter and War councilor nearby : tar tarkas we city alone willbe no match . there be six other tribe of tharks amidst the desert . you must enlist as many as you can . thark councillor they have never fight under a common flag , my King . tar tarkas it be not a flag they will fight for . he spin back to the contigent of rider , bellow : tar tarkas tell they tar tarkas will be the first into battle ! with or without they ! for he would rather fight and die , then to wish that fate upon he child ! tell they the great city of thark fight for no flag , but for we mother and father , we daughter and son ! may we once more praise there name ! he raise high he sword ... and the rider spur they mount , gallop off with vigor and purpose . ext . desert beyond thark the six rider gallop out of the city gate , immediately fan out to ride in different direction ... charge and vanish into six furious cloud of sand : ext . war palace plaza Carter , tar , jakkal and other officer stride into the plaza to see a thousand tharks stand in formation . tar tarkas March they for helium by the kabar pass . save you best fifty for I . we take the Old Canal Road . 105 . jakkal but that lead to Zodanga ... tar nod to Carter , then address he officer : tar tarkas jonn-kata have a friend to find . ( beat ) and I have a daughter to save . ext . skie above zodanga - day Zodangan carrier ship and fighter take off for the front , leave the murky city ... as angle close on its castle ... int . castle zodanga - war room ~ day officer and soldier be busy with map and screen -- of live image of the assault on helium . its patchwork force shield be severely damage . the bombardment be relentless ... ... and on the room 's bridge level , dejah sit prisoner , watch the destruction with tear in she eye . to the side sit sola , heavily chain and flanke by guard . powell how much more death be you willing to witness , princess ? dejah one . she stare dagger . Powell smile thinly . he motion to a technician , who bring up on -screen image of three float helium airship , apparently take captive . powell we capture this refugee ship en route to you polar outpost . tell I what I want and I will spare they . ( beat ) where be the key ? dejah watch the screen , say nothing . this destroy she ... powell ( to a Officer ) detonate . on screen , one of the refugee ship explode . two remain . powell where be the key ? 106 . dejah shut she eye . a tear roll down she cheek . powell ( to the Officer ) detonate . on screen , the second refugee ship explode . one now leave . powell on Earth , there be once a great war -- a war for the whole world . do you know what it take to end it ? the death of innocent . of whole city . and if that 's what Mars require ... ( firmly ) I only take you life to save they . more tear roll down dejah 's face . Powell turn to he Officer , to give the last command , when -- sola princess ! : dejah ( hiss ) silence ! Powell stop . he study the look that pass between they the revelation dawns ... powell you know ... ( incredulous ) the thark know . sola look wary . dejah glare a look of resolve . powell tell I the key 's location , thark ... and the princess life . Powell draw he sword and put it to dejah 's throat . dejah silence , sola ! I command you ! powell tell I . -x-a sola 's tear . dejah 's stare be resolute . and as Powell press the swordpoint , draw blood ... sola jonn-kata . jonn-kata have the key . 107 . and off Powell 's astonished look ... ext . outskirt of zodanga - ground level - day a Zodangan flier pass , on patrol ... as woola pop into view from a rock outcrop . he survey the distant thicket of '' stilt '' reach high into the noxious cloud -- -- and woola-woola-woolas that the coast be clear to Carter , tar and the fifty - thark strike force lay in wait . tharks unfurl tented cage atop two zitidars -~- -- to reveal malagor inside . a way to reach the sky . ext . skie of zodanga - moment later among the stilt , four malagor soar into the cloud -- each ferry ten tharks , face shield by scarve -- tar tarkas do not breathe until we be past the red man 's poison ... -- and Carter press a scarf over he face too as they enter the plume of gray and brown ... int . war room - same where Powell now approach sola with the sword ... sola jonn-kata be hurt in we escape . when the princess tend to he wound , she place the stone from she royal crest inside it . ( look away ) she do not know I see she ... Powell 's stunne . he march to dejah and rip she silk aside , to reveal the gold mount at she navel . empty of its diamond stone . dejah you have you key . powell you entrust this planet to he ? he 's ready to strike she -- then spin to he officer : powell send ship back to warhoon land ! talk to every single savage and find the Earth man 's grave ! 108 . dejah what make you so sure he have one ... ext . castle zodanga - in the skie amidst the thunderous deployment of further troops -- unseen and whisper- quiet -- the malagor ascend to castle level -- --encounter a trio of lok - wing glider on patrol , but before the shocked pilot can sound a alarm , thark archer shoot they from the sky ! the malagor land on the parapet of Castle Zodanga , as the thark strike force leap off and slip into the shadow . with tar , Carter and woola among they ... int . war room - day Powell stalk toward dejah ... powell there be a time I envision a future for we , princess . a peaceful union of we city . you and I , side by side . ( beat ) but I learn one thing on Earth . peace be the time between war . it 's never the end in itself . he draw he sword as he 's almost there ... powell we be at war , princess . you be my enemy . this be you end . and as he raise he sword high to strike she down -- carter ( 0.s. ) princess of helium ! Powell spin to the far door to the war room ... where Carter stand alone , radium pistol aim right at he ... carter you mission be accomplish . the entire room of officer and technician be momentarily freeze . one man ? alone ? and then they watch as tar tarkas step to he side . and then two more tharks . and then ten . and as Powell realize -- powell tharks !!! 109 . the fifty tharks come storming in from all entrance , cause instant chaos ! they slash sword and throw spear ~- four at a time -- take down the Zodangan who scramble for gun . Carter fire and Powell dive aside . dejah try to run but Powell leap across the bridge level and grab she -- -- as Carter leap in kind , up to the bridge level , while Zodangan and tharks battle it out on the level below . Powell have dejah hold before he as a shield -- powell her life for the key , Carter ! sola 's two guard have pistol draw , aim at Carter . Carter 's pistol be on Powell . and Powell 's sword be at dejah 's throat . it 's a standoff . powell her life for the key ... Carter waver , and then retrieve a small pouch -- dejah no , JOHN ! carter release she first . powell the key first . they stare each other down , as Carter relent and toss the pouch ... as Powell hurl dejah aside -- but backwards -- into the arm of he guard ! Powell snare the pouch -- dejah noll : -- as it open ... and out fall a U.S. Army concussion grenade . Powell 's face fall as he immediately spin and leap -- -- as the grenade detonate , propelling he '' leap '' with double force , smash he into the screen of the War room . dejah , sola and the guard be all throw backwards -- -- with sola blow off the bridge level , down to the technical area where the Zodangan / thark melee be in full force -- -- while dejah be blow into a dcorway . she scramble up and run , with the stunne guard in pursuit - - 110 . -- as Carter spring up firing at Powell , who gambol to a high catwalk , as nimble and agile as Carter -- and he 's go . Carter look back to the tharks -- tar tarkas save the princess , jonn-~kata ! -- and so he race for the exit corridor -- -- while tar slashes on , with tharks swiftly take control of the room . radium shot fire and a few tharks fall , but most CUT down the Zodangan like wheat . woola run wild ... ..- and as tar mow through Zodangan , he reach the back of the room , where fall sola lie unconscious , still chain . tar stop still at the sight of she . he 's overcome with bury emotion -- and collapse to she side -- tar tarkas sola ... sola , hear I ... he brushes she face , as she eye flutter open . she start to brighten , then troubled , look away -- sola I nve betrayed you , General ... tar tarkas and I you , my child . and off she astonishment ... tar tarkas princess of thark . ext . airship dock - castle - day dejah outrun the Guards to the docking station for Powell 's bomber ship . a access door lock behind she , leave the guard on the other side ... and as she think she 's safe -- -- Powell suddenly drop into view from high above . powell time to pay , princess . int . castle corridor Carter race in pursuit , see the Guards struggle with the access door . and just as it start to rise -- lil . -- Carter open FIRE , with radium bolt fell the Guards as he race toward they , hearing the rumble of engine - — -~ int . powell 's bomber -- as Powell 's at the control , hurl dejah to the floor as the ship rumble to life . when he turn he back , dejah race for the open entry hatch , but she 's too late -- -- just as the bomber ship lift off -- ext . airship dock -- and Carter emerge on scene to see the ship leaving the dock . drifting away with a arcing turn ... twenty foot ...forty ... seventy ... -- and as Carter meet dejah 's eye , at the open hatchway -- -- he never break stride , racing the length of the dock -- and leaping into the AIR 's '' ~? with a hard step off the dock 's edge ... sky a arc toward the ever- depart ship -- -- a full mile above the unseen ground below -- -- and as he seventy - foot arc near its end , perilously close to fall short , dejah extend both arm out the hatchway -- and he catch they at the very last second ! they arm lock like trapeze artist as he weight pull she body down the hatchway ... but she foot catch hold on support rail ! they hang from the ship as it speed up and ascend ! int . powell' bomber Carter and dejah race back to the cockpit -- -- only to see Powell 's pilot chair break loose in a hiss of steam as it reverse - eject , with a hatch open - ~ carter powell listen to I ! i've be inside the atmosphere plant ! i've be inside ! ext . zodanga - sky level -- as Powell drop out from the ship , as he chair sprout glider - like wing and he tip forward , engine fire -- 112 . -- as it become a lok - wing glider and transport he toward a airship carrier on the far side of the city . int . powell' bomber Carter and dejah watch he escape ... as Carter reveal she diamond stone and hand it over . dejah beam . she secure it back in she navel 's gold mount ... dejah I know you would come ... and as they drift toward a turn sky cannon , dejah leap into the remain pilot 's seat -- dejah time to fly . -- as she fire they wing - gun and obliterate it . ext . airship dock the bomber land back at the dock , where tar , sola , woola and forty survive tharks be wait ... dejah ( from the control ) everyone aboard the ship ! tharks lay down cover FIRE , trading blast with Guards on other castle turret . as tar board -- carter I give you tar tarkas , princess ... King of thark . dejah we be eternally in you debt . tar tarkas and we shall eternally remember it . ext . carrier deck - same where Powell 's lok - wing land , wing retract as he snap out of he belt and the chair - glider hit the ground -- -- as he march past dozen of airmen scurrying into they assault flier . a stunne colonel race to he -- zodangan . colonel Lord Prince , that be tharks -- 113 . powell helium . as fast as this thing can fly . ext . zodanga as carrier platform detach from they spire perches and assault flier launch , the heroes 's steal bomber blast away from the city ... just ahead of the attack wave . ext . helium ~ day the war rage on as angle follows a fleet of a thousand Zodangan assault flier on a kamikaze path for helium ... as the ship become heat -mirage , render near-invisible ... int . king be quarter - day tardos mor issue order with he adviser , as the entire palace shudder around they , start to crumble from the enemy barrage , as scream engine rise -- -- and he see the '' mirage '' - like disturbance in the sky -- tardos mor fortify shield ! all shield --! ..- which now OPEN FIRE ! explosion ring out as the invisible enemy strafe the city ! they concentrate FIRE blow rippling hole in the city 's dome - like force shield -- allow they to attack the inner city ! the King and he adviser race for cover as ember bomb land in the palace garden and hot ember - frag blow through the window and obliterate we view in sparking white ! ext . martian skie - day Powell 's steal airship soar toward helium , with the entire Zodangan fleet now in staggered pursuit ... int . powell 's bomber tar sit at the helm , with Carter , dejah and sola ~~ as the flier be buffeted by gunfire -- tar tarkas I must tell you . this Zodangan ... they build lovely machine to fly . ext . martian skie -- as tar divebomb the ship toward the ground , try to shake assault flier on they tail ... while other tharks man the deck cannon , returning FIRE . 114 . ext . outskirt of helium - day zodangan battalion march through the mouth of the valley separate they troop encampment from the border of helium . thousand of troops storm toward the city -- -- where the AIR battle have already commence , with explosion raining through the float section of the metropolis - ~ -- as helium defense engineer race backup '' shield generator '' into position . like fix searchlight that make up the '' patchwork '' section of the force shield enclose the city . wherever a section be breach , the engineer aim a backup -- -- as helium scout flier and interceptor take to the sky to dogfight with they near-invisible foe -- ext . valley overlook - helium - day from a city overlook , tardos mor rush through the rubble to gaze down at the oncoming ground battalion . directly beneath the suspend city , helium 's own ground troops await . but they be severely overmatch . tardos mor too many , too strong ... if the shield fall , we be finish ... helium official they nre on the palisade ! the King gaze upward ... to the ridge that rim the idyllic valley , to see more soldier sweep into view ... -.. except this soldier be tharks . a thousand tharks come scramble pell - mell over the valley 's palisade , with zitidars perch high , as tharks toss down weapon from the tent cargo hold on they back . tardos mor send word to all commander ! let the tharks join the rank ! let they join ! ( with amazement ) they fight for we . ext . valley of helium - on ground war led by Major jakkal , the tharks join the fray ... jakkal for you son and daughter ! 115 . +--race past the line of helium defense for the honor of be the first into battle ! they meet the Zodangan battalion on the battlefield head - on , sweeping four-arm spear and blade-strike into the line of radium rifle - fire soldier ! ext . zodangan airship carrier - bridge - same approach helium , Powell stand with two admiral , surveying the aerial dogfight that 's begin -- zodangan admiral the tharks be with they , Lord Prince . powell they be to few and no match for we technology . Fire at will . destroy that shield . ext . skie above helium helium interceptor dodge and weave , as the '' mirage '' - shroud assault flier shoot they down like child 's play . they then make strafing run , blow hole in the city 's blister , struggle force shield ... .+- while helium battleship move out to confront the oncoming Zodangan carrier . deck cannon exchange FIRE . int . powell 's bomber swoop and diving , outgun its assault flier pursuer as the helium AIR battle appear on the horizon -- dejah we be no match for they fighter ! we can not even see they ! tar tarkas you red man . you send machine to fight machine . ext . valley of helium - on palisade where shadow come soar into view over the valley ... as a dozen malagor and rider take to the AIR ! the wild pterodactyl swoop into the sky , and two immediately pick up the jet fuel scent , lock onto pursuit of two " mirage . '' they dive and swirl , relentless - — - 116 . ~-- until they get close enough for they rider to fire mount pulse gun ! they score direct hit -- as two Vanguards now re - materialize . damage and visible -- -- as they sail into the path of helium anti-aircraft cannon , which now be able to lock on -- and blow they to bit . int . / ext . powell '’s bomber tar tarkas you may now ride the sky without fear . . -- when suddenly boom ! reverberation shake the ship as they see a helium battleship listing up ahead , overwhelm by the lead Zodangan carrier 's relentless FIRE . explosion wrack the battleship and it fall away like a capsize ocean liner , with helium soldier plummeting from its deck as it fall ... ... and smashes ‘to ground 's atop the battlefield rank , crush helium troops and tharks alike leave unable to get out of the way . the Zodangan carrier continue on -- n-engage a second helium battleship , just leave the city . the carrier 's cannon disable this one too -- cause it to veer and crash into a '' float '' section of helium . aboard the bomber , Carter , dejah , tar and sola look grim ... tar tarkas I want that ship . ext . skie above valley dejah take over , piloting the bomber toward the monstrous carrier , as tar rally he tharks atop its open-deck . they all hook into rappel - line build into the deck railing -- tar tarkas on my signal ! -- and as dejah suddenly swoops the ship upward , bring it broadside at carrier - deck level , tar leap off -- -- plummete on he rappel- line to land atop the deck . sola and the other tharks follow suit ... like pirate swinging from the rigging ! they sword and axe cut they line free -- -- and they charge the Zodangan Soldiers refueling the fighter and man the deck -cannon ! ' woola dive in too ! 117 . Zodangan gun-blast ricochet off thark shield and as the gun '' recharge '' -- but not quite fast enough -- the tharks be upon they , storming and slicing . int . / ext . powell ‘s airship bang ! gunfire rip into the ship as it shake uncontrollably . Carter and dejah brace for impact -- dejah hold on ! we nre go down ! ext . carrier deck -- as the ship hit the carrier deck and skid like a skip stone . SPARKS shower and wing catch FIRE as -- bang ! -- it crash to rest amidst park assault flier . int . carrier bridge Powell watch in dismay as the tharks overwhelm the deck Soldiers and climb toward the bridge -- powell ready my ship . ext . carrier deck Zodangan guard rush Powell toward a assault flier , pass right by the airship 's wreckage -- -- as Carter and dejah tumble out , batter but alive . the Guards start shoot and they return it , fell two -- -- but Powell have already leapt aboard the assault flier and power its engine , take off into the fray -- -- and Carter look up to see dejah aboard a second flier -- dejah this be not you war ... carter it be now . ~- he jump aboard with she and she gun the engine , piloting the flier in pursuit of Powell 's ! int . carrier bridge the tharks STORM the bridge , wiping out the Zodangan admiral . tar leap into the captain 's chair , work pedal and switch . the giant behemoth now pivot -- 118 . -- to face the rest of the Zodangan carrier fleet . four more carrier be enter the valley . tar nod to sola : tar tarkas one down . ext . skie above valley the next carrier come broadside with a helium battleship . deck cannon blaze ; grapple be fire -- the two behemoth become lock together at close quarter ! Zodangan soldier come rush over the deck , swinging from rope and racing across '' attack plank '' that link the ship -- --~and just as they start to overwhelm the helium crew -- -- the lead zodangan carrier rise into view off the far side . with tar 's thirty tharks aboard . they leap , charge and immediately turn the tide ... int . carrier bridge while , have drop they off , tar set he course for three more Zodangan carrier , group close . sola flip switch , overriding the ship 's control . alarm blare . but father - and - daughter hold the course ... tar tarkas let we see you fight one of you own . ext . skie above helium Powell 's flier rocket through a break in the shield , into the city , dodging the dogfight of airship and malagor - ~ -- with Carter and dejah 's second flier in hot pursuit . dejah fly while Carter man the deck cannon -- carter stay with he ! ext . valley - amidst battle the ground fray teem in full - force , with thark sword and shield battle the intermittent Zodangan radium FIRE -- -- as the massive shadow of the carrier fall overhead ... and twenty - some tharks come plummete down on rappel - line -- crash ! to land right in the midst of the fight ! the strike force and woola sj , ash free and join the ground war ! 119 . ext . skie above valley the commandeer Zodangan carrier drift into the path of the three other , despite the warning alarm they nre sounding . the other split to let it pass between -~- tar tarkas for helium . sola for thark . -- as tar and sola race for the deck 's edge on long rope , leaping off and plummete toward the ground war -- -- as the Zodangan carrier detonate in a domino-chain of explosion , blasting apart like a neutron bomb -- --send its flaming shrapnel into the three other carrier , blasting they out of commission , capsize they and drift they groundward like three hindenburgs -- -- to crash atop the battlefield on the Zodangan side , crushing many thousand of they own soldier . ext . valley - on ground war a cheer go up from the helium rank as tar and sola land among they . tar spot Major jakkal fighting valiantly up ahead ... but just as he 's about to reach he -- -- the sheer number of man jakkal be battle overwhelm he . sword slash jakkal 's limb , drop he to he knee ... as another sword impale he heart -- -- as tar race over , swinging sword wildly and slashing the Zodangan apart . they line fall momentarily back -- as tar drop to he knee , cradling he die friend ... jakkal it be a good war , my King ... ... as he expire . tar shudder with rage , not see a Zodangan break through the thark rank , two pistol hold -- sola ( 0.s. ) father ! -- as the Zodangan charge with a roar , firing radium shot that tar ' shield barely catch . now at point- blank range -- --until a sword-strike split the man in half . as he fall , far peer over he shield ... to see sola stand there . 120 . sola you must be more careful . with a proud look , side - by-side , they rejoin the fray ... ext . skie above helium Carter and dejah 's flier dip and dodge the city 's spire , gain on Powell 's flier -- carter get we alongside he ! so dejah shoot they craft low , skim the city street , as Powell lose sight of they amid the spire -- ~- and then suddenly see they sweeping high , right at he -- -- as Carter leap just like tar do from the malagor ... just barely miss collide with a city spire -- -- as he crash onto Powell 's flier , as it veer sharply ! they struggle ! Powell garottes Carter with he own dog tag --~ -- but Carter back - flip himself free , turn the table . Carter rip off he dog tag as Powell rush he -- smash he against the control . the flier veer again -- -- and smashes wing with dejah 's flier , fusing they together ! both ship have lose control as they smoke and wobble groundward ! the King 's compound lie dead ahead ! Carter fend Powell off , try to reach the steering stick -- while dejah try to steer they , but it 's no use -- dejah we have lose control ! we have to jump ! we have to jump ! there 's a palace tower close in , right in they path -- as Carter and Powell struggle , right in each other 's face -- carter we fight , we die . we have to jump . a staredown . Powell know it 's true . and so they break -- -- or rather , Carter do . Powell do not . because he find he belt be snare to the flier 's steering stick ... link by Carter 's dog tag . Powell go . pale -- carter : womb to tomb . 121. -- as Carter spin to the back of the flier , leaping off just as dejah do , and grab she hand in mid-air drop safely to the ground below -- as the two flier collide with the tower and blast through it , with Powell alone still aboard -- to crash - land in the palace garden in a massive explosion -- trenching across the gravel path -- as all three be throw from the wreckage ! black smoke fill the garden , obscure we view ... .»». as the network of helium force -shield finally fall . ext . valley overlook the entire sky seem to crackle with ENERGY -~ and then a rippling sonic boom signal the loss of the aerial shield . a deafening cheer go up from the ground force ... as they seem to redouble they assault . only a matter of time now ... tardos mor the city be theirs ... the tharks and heliumite fight valiantly , but they be just no match for Zodanga 's incredible number ... as the King and he man trade a look of fear and failure ... ext . valley - battlefield while tar tarkas fight like a thark possess , with sola mowing down Zodangan at he side . but they number be dwindling , as they find themselves in a group of ten tharks -- -- now encircle by five hundre zodangan . and many thousand more still advance through the valley . tar and sola know the end be here too ... sola it 's be a honor to fight for you ... Father . tar tarkas the honor be mine . he reach out for she hand ... as she take it and they bring they shield together , huddle as one as the Zodangan break through , firing a fusillade of radium fire ... 122 . as a cavalcade of horn SOUND echoing throughout the valley , as if from all direction ! the force on the battlefield all pause -- to see the GREEN -and-black flag of the thark rider now appear on the ridgetop ... to east and to west , to north and south , to all point of the compass ... leading the six other tribe of tharks from the disparate desert . all gather as a united force ... create a army half a million strong on the ridge -- -- and also flooding into the valley on thoat - back , charge the Zodangan battalion from the rear ! where the odd be once ten - against-one ... they be now even . and '' even '' mean in favor of the tharks . on the battlefield , tar and sola raise they head ... see the new thark tribe cascade down the ridge ... atop the overlook , tardos mor watch in wonder ... as the new thark tribe flood the valley , dispatch the Zodangan with fury and ease ! the tide have turn ! ext . palace garden - same Far from the front , there 's only smoke and silence ... and fall cherry blossom -- flutter to rest upon Carter and dejah , wrap in one another 's arm in the trench - earth wake of the crash landing . batter , but alive . they stir , rise to see the burning wreckage further ahead . where Powell 's hawk - helmet sit upend , like a headstone in hellish flame . ext . valley overlook boom ! cannon still thunder as Carter and dejah arrive from the garden . join tardos mor and helium general ... tardos mor dejah ! she 's alive ! dejah ! he embrace he daughter with profound amazement ... tardos mor how be this possible ? dejah because of one man , Father . this be Captain John Carter -- of Earth . ( more ) 123 . dejah ( cont would ) it be he who bring the tharks . it be he who make the difference . the King bow , astonished , and Carter return it ... as they turn to face the valley ... where the Zodangan retreat , and tharks and heliumite fight triumphantly , side - by-side ... tardos mor look at it . in all we history ... what no man have ever imagine ... carter only a princess . dissolve to : ext . king 's compound ~ helium - dusk as the sun set , bathing the batter city in a magical glow , Carter stand silhouett on a balcony overlook . there 's the far-off echo of cheer and victory music ... dejah ( 0.s. ) do not I promise you it would be beautiful ? Carter turn . dejah 's stand there , in royal regalia . dejah be there anything like it on Earth ? carter ( take she in ) never will be . dejah step to he side , regard the view ... dejah take it , john. remember it . so that wherever you be , on this or any planet , you may close you eye and still see it ... she pass she hand over he face , close he eye . dejah you new home . he open they . she stand before he with a smile . without another word , to the sound of a distant celebration and in the shadow of a set sun ... ... they find each other 's embrace , lose in a valiant kiss . dissolve to : 124 . int . dejah ‘s quarter - night ominous thunder rumble , rouse woola from sleep . he 's curl outside a door , growling at shadow stand over he . a court adviser and two soldier look pale ... court adviser wake the princess . int . dejah's bedroom - night woola bound in , scamper to the bed where Carter and dejah be sleep , wrap in each other 's arm . they wake to see lightning crash outside the window , give a ominous purple hue to the flickering cloud -- dejah ( alert at once ) what 's happen ? the adviser trade a look of profound fear ... court adviser you highness . the King be dead . int . king be quarter - night tardos mor sit dead at he desk . a knife pierce he heart ... and the diamond be go from he pendant 's crest . dejah and Carter charge in -- to see tar tarkas , sola and the King 's senior staff already there . dejah gasp -- and run to she father 's side , collapse there , weep . court adviser there be guard outside . throughout the palace and the grounds . no one be see . and yet someone be here . through she tear , dejah touch the blade 's hilt ... and see something hang from it . Carter 's dog tag . tar tarkas the stone of he crest have be take . dejah the key . she and Carter trade a sudden look ... as more heat -lightning crash right outside , strike city spire . the building trembles from impact . sola what 's happen to the sky ?! ~ 125 . dejah it 's the atmosphere Plant . carter he 's inside . and off they forebode look ... ext . skie beyond atmosphere plant ~ dusk a blanket of purple -black cyclone stormcloud envelop the sky to the horizon . lightning crackle incessantly as black ash fall in a blizzard , like a black snow ... ... as a helium interceptor sear through the cloud , narrowly miss a thicket of lightning strike . ext . atmosphere plant - dusk the airship 's hatch open , allow Carter , dejah and tar into the hostile element . the field of blue flower have withere to barren soil . dejah hold up she diamond stone ... and all shield they eye , as its beam of ENERGY be blindingly cast upon the wall -- int . silver corridor Carter , dejah and tar race through the entry '' airlock , '' as they wound mysteriously heal , near the rippling ' door '' -- int . atmosphere plant -- and at the balcony overlook the metropolis of machinery - - much of it now smoking and sparking -- they find the orovar lie dead on the floor . in a pool of silver blood . powell ( 0.s. ) the man ask I if I want to go home , Carter . Said he ask you too . on the hologram walkway lead to the '' pathway , '' with its dome of red FIRE - gem hang like constellation -- -- Powell now re-materialize into view , with he face badly burned . with a radium rifle . powell why the hell do not you ? Carter look to dejah and tar ... and then back : carter I be home . 126 . powell yes . now you see . how can we ever go back to who we be ? ordinary . insignificant . carter why do you kill he ? powell c'mon , Carter . it 's what I be good at . ( smugly ) not even a orovar can stop what he can not see . or a king . dejah seethes . Powell advance , note smoking machinery : powell I nve cause some damage , but I can fix it . once I learn how it work -- how to control it . carter you can not . powell no ? like I can not defy gravity ? or travel through time and space ? we can save this planet -- you and I . if helium resist , we will cut off they rain . they hydrogen , nitrogen , oxygen . until they realize I be here to help ! carter I will not let you destroy they . Powell stop . it 's a standoff . powell I have a hundred year more experience on you , Carter . you can not stop I . carter I do not have to . Powell frown . with that , carter I only have to send you home . Carter pull a sword ... and hurl it over Powell 's head ... to land on the '' pathway '' pedestal . it activate the '' pathway '' . the crystal start to glow -- 127 . carter say hi to Earth for I . -- and Carter charge ! Powell fire he rifle just as Carter leap overhead . Powell try to track he but -- --green radium bolt explode at he foot ! tar and dejah have open fire ! Powell 's rifle be shot away -- -- and Powell swiftly sweep a helmet-visor across he face and activate he armor 's '' miraging . '' with a ripple , he figure become a near~invisible distortion of heat . tar and dejah can not see he ... and neither can Carter as -- ~-a sudden CUT open across he chest . Carter stagger , strike by a invisible blade ! the distortion then plant a kick to he chest , send he flying -- --to crash-land within the dome '' pathway '' as it start to hum and a swirling wind begin to build -- -- as Powell 's heat -mirage , invisible sword in hand , march toward he , victorious -- dejah JOHN ! get out of there ! Carter struggle up , try to pinpoint the distorted AIR -- -- as a deep gash open on Carter 's leg , and another gash on a arm . he ' 's get slice up by he invisible foe . Carter retrieve he sword and try to parry . his blade get bashed this way and that ... and then fall -- -- as Carter feel a invisible swordpoint PRESS into he neck , draw blood -- powell ( 0.s. ) prepare to die on two planet . -- and as the distortion of a blade be draw back -- -- from the balcony , tar tarkas aim he rifle ... at Carter . tar tarkas he 's mine . -- and fire ! Carter see the GREEN radium bolt shoot right at he ! and then suddenly it detonate a foot from he face , crackling GREEN ENERGY to illuminate Powell . shot in the back ! his compromise armor now fail -- 128 . ~-- and he re-materialize ! Carter scramble for he sword and Powell stagger back to full strength -- and they blade collide ! they strike and counter , slamm sword together -- -- as the maelstrom of wind and light swirl around they build . the FIRE - gem glow hotter -- -nobscure the view of dejah and tar from the balcony -- -- as Powell 's savage blow drive Carter back , slip on the holo - walk 's edge as he lose he balance -- -- teeter over the abyss of machinery ! his sword fall ! but as Powell swing he blade again , Carter jump , leaping over he to the far side of the '' pathway '' -- -- where he snare two of tar '' sword -- as they be throw to he -- out of mid-air ! Powell pause in surprise . Carter now have two sword , once in each hand -- carter you may have the experience . you may own the technology . but you be never train by tharks . -- and with a murderous look , he charge . Powell meet he halfway , bashing sword together , try to fend off every two blow with he lone blade , but it 's all too much as -- -- Carter slice he apart and run he through . Powell fall to the ground , shocked and die . carter Goodbye , James . Carter 's in the middle of the '' pathway , '' with a fifty - foot distance separate he from tar , dejah and safety , with the hum grow deafening and the FIRE - gem ever- brighter -- -- building toward they climactic blinding light -- dejah jump ! now ! jump !!! -- and Carter do , leaping the gap , arcing right toward she -- just as ENERGY bolt FIRE from the FIRE - gem throughout the crystal canopy , activate , create a web of light beam connect Carter , still within - - -- and just as he reach she -- and touch dejah 's hand -- 129 . -- he 's suddenly jerk back into the air , toward the center of the chamber as dejah cry out and she vision of he disappear in a blinding blast of red ! smash CUT to : ext . space - strobed image a wildly kinetic series of fragment image . star , comet , planet , see for only two or three frame . like galactic strobe light . sound roar and then silences . we be racing through a dark tunnel , with little to light we way -- -- and as the strobing image take the shape of a blue planet , wisping cloud and a forest thicket we be hurtle towards -- smash CUT to : ext . virginia wood - day amidst autumn leave and barren branch , angle find a flatten , scorched circle ... within which Carter lie . he struggle up , disorient -~- -- and see the body of Powell lie nearby . Carter turn he over . he 's make the journey too -- as a dead man . Carter note the familiar tree , leave and sound of bird . Cloud and a faint full moon in the sky ... carter told you I no bring you home ... he close Powell 's eye and then notice a cord around he neck . he pull it into view ... to reveal the King 's diamond stone be affix to it . Carter grip it tightly ... as if want to hang onto a world he know he 's now lose ... and then snap it free . ext . edge of wood - day Carter march up a rise , wear the diamond stone around he own neck . he tuck it beneath he shirt -- -- as he hear shot fire . Carter tense ... but then hear whoops and cry . a group of scruffy young boy appear atop the rise , see he below -- boy Sir ! be you in the war , sir ?! confused , Carter nod . the boy grin , slap a newspaper -- 130 . boy it 's over , sir ! General Lee surrender ! we can go home ! the boy run off . Carter hurry up the rise and see -- a huge former battlefield at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains . where cannon lie abandon , and soldier in Civil War dress -- blue and gray -- be crossing the field to opposite side . carter ( v.o. ) Home , he say . Home . ext . battlefield - day Carter walk among the civil war veteran , incredulous ... carter ( v.o . ) it be the Virginia I have once long for . but it be not my time . ( beat ) toy from that moment forth , it be ina memory . in a dream .. he look up to a mountain ridge , where there 's a small cabin high on a hill . int . mountain cabin - day Carter stand in the doorway . a modest one- room cabin . Dust and break furniture . abandon due to the war . carter ( v.o . ) of a life perhaps lose forever ... he look again at the diamond stone around he neck . int . mountain cabin - timelapse - day the cabin be furnish now . as we pick up Carter at a desk by the window , again write in he journal ... carter ( v.0 . ) what I no live through have change I . I be no longer like other man . the year would pass , and they would die ... but I do not . angle pan to the window and the shenandoah Valley below , and we see a timelapse version of over a century of progress . path to road , horse to car , hamlet to city ... 131 . carter ( v.0 . ) the lifespan of that other world have follow I here ... ( beat ) on this planet , I now live as a stranger . and as angle complete the 360 pan , back to the room , it 's now a modern - day home . decorate in a astronomy theme . chart of the solar system . telescope . and drawing of thark , helium and dejah ... ... as angle return to Carter 's desk . the seat be empty . the journal sit there . and now , a door open in the b.g. and a figure march in , crossing to the desk -- carter ( v.o. ) but still I believe ... there be a way back . and one day ... I will find it ... a way for someone to answer my call . to my love , my friend , my home ... -- and set down a '' Washington Post '' newspaper , date 2005 , as it 's throw open to a interior page ... ... as a hand circle a minor story in the bottom corner , headline '' 7.4 earthquake ravages Central Africa . '' ext . africa - mountain overlook - dusk a figure in modern adventurer 's gear stand at a familiar jungle overlook , gaze off with binocular at a lush mountain with a small black scar now in its side . carter ( v.o . ) I will not tell you where I be go . I will not tell you how to follow . but I will leave behind my story ... for anyone who want to know what ever happen to Captain John Carter . the figure turn , to reveal Carter -- over a hundred year later , and yet he have not age a day . the diamond stone hang around he neck . he tuck it under he shirt , and have a last bite of a baby Ruth candy bar ... carter ( v.o. ) I believe in a better world . a world without war . a world of peace . ... and then head for the mountain . into the jungle . with the moon hang brightly high above . match dissolve to : 132. ext . helium - valley overlook - night where earth hang prominently in the same position , blue and brilliant and mysterious ... ... be watch by silhouettes stand all together . tar tarkas . sola . woola . and dejah thoris ... carter ( v.o. ) for I know , in my heart I know ... and now dejah 's silhouette edge aside ... to reveal she 's hold the hand of a silhouetted little boy . carter ( v.o. ) ..- my future 's wait . and as a triumphant soundtrack fanfare rise , we -- cuT to black .