malt jojo rabbit cain a ENE jojo rabbit best adapted screenplay screenplay by taika waititi jojo rabbit screenplay by taika waititi February 8 , 2019 fox searchlight picture 10201 W. pico Blvd. Los Angeles , CA 90035 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2018 willow and oak , inc . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of willow and oak , inc . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . int . jojo 's house - morning we open with quick detail shot of a young boy dressin - a brown shirt buttone . - badge pin . - belt tightened . - neck kerchief tie . = sock pull up . - Hair comb . shoe click together at the heel , one foot stomp down hard on the floor . he be dress . we pull to a close - up , come face to face with we hero johanne betzler , ( jojo ) , a cute 10 year - old boy . the room be cover with nazi poster and other paraphernalia , include picture of adolf hitler . you guess it , he 's a little Nazi . jojo stare into a full - length mirror and take a deep breath . gogo jojo betzler . ten year old . and today you join the rank of the jungvolk in a very special training weekend . it 's go to be intense . but today you become a man . ( deep breath , nervous ) I swear to devote all my energy and my strength to the savior of we country , Adolf Hitler . I be willing and ready to give up my life for he , so help I God . a strange figure pass behind he , a adult , dress in a nazi uniform . it feel ghostly and fantastical . we will find out who this guy be very soon . voice ( 0.s. ) yeah man , that 's right . ( beat ) now , jojo betzler , what be you mind ? gogo a snake mind . voice ( 0.s. ) and jojo betzler , what be you body ? ( continued ) continued : gogo a wolf body . voice ( 0.s. ) and jojo betzler , what be you courage ? joio panther courage . voice ( 0.s. ) and jojo betzler , what be you soul ? jojo a german soul . voice ( 0.8 . ) yeah man , you be ready . gogo Adolf , I do not think I can do this . the stranger lean into shot , revealing it 's none other than jojo 's imaginary friend , adolf hitler . however , it 's not the Hitler we be all use to , he 's imaginary and therefore can only know what jojo know . he 's more of a charming buffoon who float through life with carefree , whimsical abandon . adolf what ?! of course you can . sure you be a bit scrawny , unpopular , and still can not tie you shoelace without adult supervision , but you be also the bestest , most loyal little Nazi I have ever meet . not to mention you be incredibly handsome . jojo smile . feeling better . adolf ( cont 'd ) now you be gonna go out there and have a great time , ok ? joio ok . adolf ok , that 's the spirit ! now , Heil I man . gogo Heil Hitler . adolf come on , you can do better than that . Heil Hitler ! ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) jogo Heil Hitler ! adolf just throw it away . do not even think about it . jogo Heil Hitler ! adolf no , you be over think it . Heil Hitler . jogo Heil Hitler ! adolf Heil hitler . they start jogging on the spot . gogo Heil hitler ! adolf ooh , that 's it . gogo heil hitler ! adolf yay , now you have get it ! jogo Heil Hitler ! Heil Hitler ! Heil hitle : Heil Hitler ! Heil Hitler ! Heil hitle adolf ooh , have a great day ! you be go to be the best . you can do it ! jojo and Adolf scream like war pig and jojo sprint out the door . jojo / adolf heil hitler ! heil hitler ! heil hitler heil hitler ! heil hitlerrrrrer ! !! music cue : ' komm gib mir deine hand 's by the beatle open title : intercut shot of jojo running through he hometown with footage of hitler 's rise to GOD status - scream fan , fanatical supporter , people crying , women fainting - basically establishing that he be the beatle of 1930' germany . ext . town - STREET - day jojo skip happily down the street , Heil hitler various local he pass by . he meet he best friend , yorki , 10 chubby , gawky , clumsy , who wait for he in a doorway . jogo Heil Hitler , yorki ! yorki Heil Hitler , jojo ! gogo be you ready for the best weekend ever ? yorki yes I be ! jogo let 's go ! they run off together , continue to Heil Hitler everyone they meet . ext . wood - hitlerjugend camp - day jojo and yorki sit with a large group of other young kid , all dress in Hitler youth uniform , in a sprawling field captain klenzendorf , weathered , disillusion , address the crowd of kid . he have a dead - eye and be accompany by the awkwardly enthusiastic sub - officer finkel , and a brutish female instructor , fraulein rahm . klenzendorf Heil Hitler , guy . finkel / fraulein rahm Heil Hitler ! kide Heil Hitler ! ( continued ) continued : klenzendorf jungvolk , welcome to the hitlerjugend training weekend in which we will make man and woman of you all . my name be Captain klenzendorf - you may call I Captain K. finkel Captain k! woo ! klenzendorf - and this be sub-officer finkel . and fraulein rahm . ( beat ) so , a little about I . who be I and why be I here talk to a bunch of little titty - grabber instead of lead my man into battle towards glorious death ? great question . I have ask it myself every day since operation screw - up , where I lose a perfectly good eye in a totally preventable enemy attack . and accord to my superior , you need two eye to be a meaningful part of the war effort . beat . he pick up a rifle and quickly fire a shot , hit a target 100 yard away . the kid applaud . klenzendorf ( cont ’d ) over the next two day you little critter will get to experience some of the thing that the mighty german Army go through every day . and even though it would appear we country 's on the back foot and that there really be not much hope we of win this war , apparently we be do just fine . ( take a breath , compose himself , he 's sad ) anyway . you boy have all be issue with you deutsch jungvolk dagger . jojo and yorki inspect and admire they nice new deutsch jungvolk ( dj ) knive . klenzendorf ( cont ’d ) this be very special and expensive weapon , you should never be without they . and do not try to stab each other . finkel no stabbing ! ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) klenzendorf this be you first step towards be man . today you boy will be involved in such activity as march , bayonet drill , grenade throw , trench digging , map read , gas defense , camouflage , trap set , ambush technique , war game , fire gun and blow stuff up . huge cheer from the group of boy . jojo and yorki smile at each other , this be go to be awesome . klenzendorf ( cont ’d ) the girl will practice important womanly duty such as dress wound , make bed , and learn how to get pregnant . groan of disappointment from the girl . klenzendorf hold the bridge of he nose as if prepare for the impending headache he 's about to endure over the weekend . he sigh . klenzendorf ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's get to it . the crowd of kid salute and start scream in excitement . the older boy start yell at smaller kid , round they up and y'know , be Nazis . finkel and rahm lead they off . finkel on you foot you little Nazis ! let 's go ! fraulein rahm move , move , move ! more scream from the kid . klenzendorf God help I . montage - hitler youth training camp ... music cue : 'i don ’t want to grow up 's by tom wait various scene of jojo and yorki training with the hitlerjugend . - a bunch of kid try and climb over obstacle and under net . it 's mayhem . - knife throwing . jojo and yorki stand around in a group of boy throw they dj knife from 10 feet into a tree . ( continued ) continued : none of the knife stick , instead they fly off at dangerous angle , one ricochet , lodging itself in another kid 's thigh . - gun range . jojo and some other kid aim they karabiner 98k rifle at a target in the distance . jojo fire and , jump from the loudness of the shot , drop the rifle . - war game . the boy be separate into 2 group , one side wear red sashes and the other GREEN . they chase each other round a clear , push each other over and take prisoner etc . jojo and yorki be take prisoner instantly . a older lad , christoph , look at they with disappointment . int . hitler youth camp - tent - afternoon jojo sit in a group of boy and girl . one by one , sometimes overlap , the child call out . child horn / serpent tongue / fang / Green blood / claw . they teacher , fraulein rahm , proudly write the child 's word , along with other , on a blackboard . above they be the head : the jew . finkel stand nearby , observe and take note . fraulein rahm fantastisch ! excellent work child . you also forget that the Jew be the offspring of Satan and suck the blood of Christian child for they mitzvah . gasp from the child . finkel nod - I be afraid so . fraulein rahm ( cont ’d ) it have be scientifically prove that we aryan be 1000 time more advanced and civilise than any other race . gasp and applause from the child . fraulein rahm smile . fraulein rahm ( cont ’d ) now , get you thing together kid , it 's time to burn some book ! child yayyyy !!! ext . hitler youth camp - dusk a large bonfire burn . the child hold stack of book . jojo open he bag and pull out a small pile . yorki be that it ? only 4 book ? gogo it 's all I could find on the list . ( read the author ) kafka ... brecht ... hesse loser . burn you he throw they into the fire , yorki follow suit . the book land among other burn author , freud , mann , proust hemingway , remarque . the child skip and dance round the bonfire , throw book into the inferno while fraulein rahm cackle maniacally . ext . camp - night a encampment . tents glow under the night sky int . tent - night jojo and yorki lie awake in sleep bag , inspect they new dj knive . gogo imagine be in a battle , you have just run out of ammo , all you have be you dj knife . I would take down 20 of they before they get I . and I have be laugh when they do . yorki I do not like that situation . I do not want to die at all . jogo live faithfully , fight bravely , and die laugh , yorki , that 's the motto . yorki I know but I would not be laugh . I would probably be scream . ( continued ) continued : gogo then I be afraid you might not be cut out for Hitler 's personal guard . it 's really hard to get choose y'know . you need to have perfect vision , perfect tooth and you be only allow a little bit of fat . yorki ( prodding he chubbiness ) Jews sound scary , huh ? gogo not to I . if I meet one I have kill it like that . ( try to snap he finger ) that . like yorki but how would you know if you see one ? they can look just like we . joso oh I would know . I have feel it 's head for horn . and they smell like Brussels sprout . yorki oh yeah , I forget about the Brussels sprout bit . gogo imagine catch one and give it to Hitler . that have be a sure - fire way to get into he personal guard . yorki he would be so impressed . gogo then we would become best friend . yorki I think I be you best friend gogo yorki , you be my second best friend . first place be reserve for the fihrer . he , and only he can have that spot , so unless you be Hitler hide in a fat little boy 's body I would be happy with 2nd place . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) yorki I be just a kid in a fat kid 's body . gogo case close . jojo roll over and stare at the sky . jojo ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) night papa , I hope you come home soon . night inga , I hope you be happy up there ext . wood - training ground - morning jojo sit with a bunch of other kid . two team leader , christoph and han , ( 21 ) smoke cigarettes and hold court . christoph kiss a girl before turn to the kid . christoph when you stand before the enemy and have to end he life , which of you will have the stomach for it ? everyone raise they hand . jojo too , although a little slow . christoph ( cont 'd ) there be no room in Hitler 's army for that who lack strength . we want harden warrior who be prepare to kill at will . can you do that ? other kide yes / sure / oh absolutely christoph johanne ? can you kill ? gogo pf£f , of course . I love kill . christoph good ... han uncover a small cage nearby - it be fill with little rabbit . han take a bunny from the cage and hold it out towards jojo . christoph ( cont 'd ) kill it . ( continued ) ll. continued : jogo hmm ? christoph wring its neck . kill the rabbit gogo oh , I be ok . I might do it later . christoph no later , now . or be you scared ? gogo I be not scared . I be just allergic to fur and I do not want itchy hand all weekend . han shove the rabbit into jojo 's hand . han place both hand around its neck and then one hard twist . he might scream but we will just use the boot to finish it off . rill ... kill ... jojo , shaking now , hold the bunny and look at it directly in the eye . he gulp . the boy join the chant other kide kill , kill , kill , kill ... the boy be like bay wolf ; they crouch in around jojo as he lean over the rabbit . jojo drop the bunny , try to shoo it away . but it do not run and han step forward , grab the rabbit , and snap its neck . shock gasp and squeak of horror from the kid . one of they faint . probably yorki . christoph coward . just like you father . joio he 's not a coward , he 's in Italy . christoph no one have hear from he in two year . he 's a desert coward just like you . han yeah , he 's a deserter . joio no , he do not do that , he fight . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) han he 's scared and so be you . you be as scared as a rabbit . he kick jojo to the ground . han place a boot on he neck . christoph scare little rabbit . maybe we should snap you neck too . the rest of the kid taunt jojo . he stand and run into the wood , try to escape the laughter . han encourage they to chant '' jojo rabbit '' as he run . ext . wood - day jojo sit alone on a log , sobbing to himself . he look up to see a little butterfly flitting around by he foot ... and then a voice come from behind . voice ( 0.s. ) poor jojo , what 's wrong , little man 's jojo turn around , it 's Adolf gogo hi Adolf . Adolf take a seat . adolf why so down in the dump ? a strong boy like yourself should not be sad , you should be happy like a cloud ! Cloud do not care about anything ! gogo they call I a coward . and my papa , they say he make dessert instead of fight . but I know he 's still fight for you , for I , and for Germany . adolf oh , of course he be ! and he be also make nice dessert , nothing wrong with that . my God , he custard tart be the only thing keep up morale at the front . ( beat ) want to tell I about the rabbit incident ? what be that all about ? ( continued ) continued : 13 . gogo they want I to kill it . I be sorry . adolf meh , do not worry about it . I could not care less . just like a cloud . jogo but now they call I a scared rabbit . adolf well you want to know something ? ( off jojo 's nod ) just because they be small and delightfully cute do not mean rabbit be coward . the rabbit face a dangerous world everyday , hunt carrot for he family ... for he country . forget that boy . they have they place and so do you . my empire will be make up of all animal , eagle , lion , elephant and even the mighty rabbit . Hitler offer jojo a cigarette . gogo no thanks , I do not sm - ~ adolf can I give you some really good advice ? be the rabbit . the humble bunny can outwit all he enemy and that be why he be a hero . be. the. rabbit . he wink at jojo who try to wink back but still can only manage a weird double wink -blink . Adolf wander off . just then , yorki arrive . yorki jojo ! be you alright jojo ? who be you talk to ? jogo nobody , I be just out here do some push - up for my muscle . yorki oh , I think you be cry . gogo be you a teardrop specialist ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) yorki no . gogo case close . now , yorki dorky , it 's time for jojo to show this pip-squeak who be the real cowardly rabbit . he take a deep breath and scurries off into the bush . yorki I be sorry what be you talk about ? jogo never mind . yorki jojo , where be you go ? gogo to be the rabbit ! ext . wood - training ground - day Captain klenzendorf sit in a deck chair . he pull the pin on a hand -grenade and hurl it into a open space . it explode . reveal he be hold a lesson on hand - grenade . han , christoph , and the rest of the boy watch from the safety of a trench . klenzendorf now lad , each of you will be give the opportunity to ignite and throw a grenade . I will personally be supervise each of you to make sure you do not blow you eye out or something . now , who 's first ? klaus . come on lad . a boy step up and hold out he hand to take a grenade . as klenzendorf go to hand it to he there 's a sudden flurry as jojo burst out of the bush and onto the scene . jogo jojo rabbit ! jojo rabbit ! hunting carrot , jojo rabbit ! he jump across the trench and , snatching the grenade from klenzendorf 's hand , continue into the clear beyond . suddenly Adolf appear , run next to jojo . ( continued ) 1s. continued : adolf this be amazing ! we be like two human antelope ! jojo pull the pin on the grenade and scream a ungodly war - cry as he hurl it into the air . it bounce off a tree then ricochet backwards , landing at he foot . jogo scheisse . adolf shiiiiiit . boom . jojo be blow up . klenzendorf do not do that . cur to : ext . wood - jojo 's Pov jojo 's Pov - jojo be be carry on a stretcher through the wood . klenzendorf 's face lean in to shot . klenzendorf ( lie badly ) do not worry kid , you be do fine . you look great . yorki lean in , he eye go wide , he faint . Adolf lean in . give jojo the thumb up . but he look worried and disgust . he also faint . int . ambulance now we be in a ambulance . fraulein rahm lean in , she face contort in disgust . fraulein rahm oh God , he look like a Picasso painting . ( beat ) cubist period . int . hospital - corridor - day jojo 's stretcher be be wheeled down a corridor . 16 . int . hospital - operating room - day Bright light . the doctor hover over we , we see instrument . klenzendorf step into shot , address the doctor . klenzendorf his mother 's go to kill I . Adolf lean in , smile and give we the thumb up . jojo 's bloodied thumb come into view . fade out . int . hospital - ward - day = a woman 's face come in to focus . this be jojo 's mother , rosie betzler . as she reach the bed , she stop , put she hand over she mouth . her eye well with tear . rosie jojo ... my darling cub . = jojo 's hand raise into shot , reach out to she . the shot flood with tear , de -focus , and fade . int . jojo 's house - bedroom ~ morning a new jojo stand before we in front of the mirror . he have scar on one side of he face , he right arm appear stiff , and he now have a limp . rosie ( 0.s. ) hey kid . in the mirror jojo see he mother stand at the door , smile . she hug he tightly , make growl noise . rosie ( cont 'd ) my darling little cub . gogo why so happy ? you son be ugly like a monster . rosie you be no monster . you be still my beautiful jojo . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : rosie ( cont 'd ) besides the doctor be confident that scar will heal and you will get most of the movement back in you leg . but I be just happy to have you back home . jogo I will never be in Hitler 's ss Guard now . rosie you be fine as you be . gogo I need to be better . rosie you need to be you . mama lion worry about she cub , that 's all . especially when papa lion be not here . oso or inga . rosie or inga . int . jojo 's house - lounge room - moment later jojo try to tie he bootlace but have trouble with only one good hand . rosie kneel down and help he . rosie a few more month and you will get it . you grab the rabbit by the tail , wrap it around he ear , tie it all up and then stuff he back ( on ) down the hole . ( then ) now , we better get on we way . get out of the house will do wonder for you recuperation . rosie help jojo into he jacket . he catch another glimpse of himself in a mirror . gogo I do not want to go out there . rosie do not be silly , of course you do : gogo I look stupid . people will stare . ( continued ) 18 . continued : rosie let they ! enjoy the attention , kid . not everyone be lucky enough to look stupid . what I would not give . she look in the mirror . rosie ( cont ’d ) instead I be curse to look incredibly ... attractive ... entrance , she move in , almost kissing she reflection . rosie ( cont ’d ) now , you be go to pluck up you courage , walk out that door and have a fantastic adventure . okay ? gogo ( nodd , unsure ) okay . int . jojo 's house - front door - moment later rosie part the blind on the front door and peek outside . rosie field Marshall jojo , look like the coast be clear . now ... look over she shoulder , she produce a large , plain biscuit . it 's all covert and over the top , but fun for jojo . rosie ( cont ’d ) - many good man die to bring you this . it 's a special potato - flour biscuit for emergency . Emergencies dammit ! not only be it a biscuit , but it also double as a eye-patch in case you be invite to a pirate party . it could pass for a shield , a earring , a spare wheel , and even a believable discus should you find yourself participate in a biscuit olympiad . and in a pinch it also act as a type of food to sustain you until dinner . ( then , peek out the door once more ) field Marshall jojo , you be we top man . prepare to leave the house ... jojo smile and prepare himself , play along . ( continued ) 1g. continued : gogo be it dangerous ? rosie smile and wink . rosie extremely ext . hitler youth office - day jojo and rosie enter the hitler youth office . int . hitler youth office - moment later a giant room . Nazi propaganda adorn the office and large swastika banner hang on the wall . the woman from the hj Camp , fraulein rahm , sit at a desk , stare intensely at a large frame photo of hitler on the wall . a couple of teenage youth officer loiter about practice stabbing thing with they dj knive while some bdm girl operate a printing PRESS which spit out page of propaganda . finkel be off to the side listen to music through headphone and dance like Ian curtis from Joy division , rosie heil hitler ! ! fraulein rahm jump . fraulein raem Jesus . Captain klenzendorf emerge from he office . klenzendorf jojo betzler ! look good , friend ! ( beat , to rosie ) frau betzler . rosie walk up to klenzendorf and kick he in the ball . he drop to the ground . klenzendorf ( cont ‘d ) Owwww rosie ok , that 's that . because of you , my kid have lose the feel in he arm and can not walk properly and have a mess up face . ( continued ) 20 . continued : klenzendorf but he steal the hand - grenade ! rosie yeah yeah . now you be go to take care of he while I go to work . you will give he a job and make sure he feel include . get it ? klenzendorf get it . I really get it . rosie good . klenzendorf ( stand ) wow . ok let 's start this again . everyone , this be johanne betzler . remember he steal a hand - grenade and blow himself up and as a result I get kick in the nut by he mother . rosie you sure do . klenzendorf I also get demote if that make you feel better . rosie it do . klenzendorf so , jojo . great to see you . alive . I be sure we can figure out something for you to do ( beat ) idea guy ? come on ! fraulein rahm well , we need someone to walk the clone . they have not be outside in week and some of they be malfunction . reveal : in the corner of the room we see about a dozen 8 year old clone , do various chore , type , sweeping , painting , play chess . some be just stand there dribble fraulein rahm ( cont ’d ) also , you could hand out some of this propaganda and deliver this conscription . ( continued ) ai. continued : ( 2 ) gogo I do not suppose I could be conscript could 1 ? rosie ( shaking she head throughout ) great idea ! I give you full permission to send this ten year old child off to war someone give this guy a gun ! gogo actually mother I be feel quite fit and would be more than happy to fight at the front . klenzendorf get in line kid . besides , you be still on the mend . for now you can start small . conscript and propaganda . gogo as you wish . I will execute my order with precision and strength , like a precise ... boulder . beat . fraulein rahm just deliver the stuff , kid . jojo jawohl ! he turn on he heel and be out . ext . town square - day jojo pin up some poster of hitler in a stoic pose , look off into the distance . below he be the propaganda slogan : one people , one empire , one leader jojo turn and join he mother who be stare at a make - shift gallow . five body , man and woman hang from the cross — beam gogo yuck . he try to turn away but rosie take he head and turn it back to the view . ( continued ) 22 . continued : rosie look . gogo what do they do ? rosie ( shrug ) what they could . ( beat ) come on . they leave . ext . STREET - day jojo pastes more propaganda and public announcement around town , a truck drive past and we see one of the forest bully , han , on the back with a bunch of other young soldier . han hey , jojo rabbit ! oh my God , look at you face ! ewwww ! ( beat ) look at I , I ama soldier now and you be just a pathetic postman ! I be a soldier ! I be go to war ! ( then , chant ) jojo rabbit ! jojo rabbit ! the chant continue as han and he buddy laugh at jojo . int . jojo 's house - dine room jojo arrive home . jogo mama ! I be home . he drop he satchel and head for the kitchen . jojo ( cont 'd ) mama , field Marshall jojo be home . suddenly , a noise from upstairs . a small thud . jojo look up . jojo ( cont ’d ) mama lion ? 23. int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - later jojo slowly make he way down the upstairs hall , look in room . he move towards he sister 's room . he take a moment . before step into the room and wander around . he look at a photo of inga , smile and put it back . then ... jojo notice something on the other side of the room . on the ground sit a picture in a frame . he pick it up and then he see : a thin CUT in the wallpaper in the shape of a door . jojo take he trusty dj knife and pries the door OPEN . as jojo 's eye adjust he begin make out object . at first it 's only book . jogo the bad book . it 's not allow . then he see a candle , bedding , a plate , a fork , and ... .+.a skinny , pale creature hunch in the corner , its face partially hide beneath she hair , dark eye stare back . scream with fright , jojo drop he knife and stumble back out into the room . frozen in fear , jojo stare into the darkness beyond the secret door . slowly , a pale hand wrap around the corner , and then a skinny girl emerge . this be elsa korr ( 17 ) elsa hi jojo bolt as fast as he can , out the door and downstairs where he trip and land on the bottom landing . elsa ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Little boy ... stomp . stomp . stomp . footstep on the stair get louder . eventually elsa round the corner halfway up the stair . jogo what do you want ? be you a ghost ? elsa ( smile spookily ) sure . a ghost . gogo get out of my house ! ( continued ) 24 . continued : elsa johanne , that 's no way to treat a ghost . jogo why do you live in the wall ?! elsa where else should a ghost live ? beat . jojo leap up and try to make a run for it , but before he can reach the door she grab he by the scruff of the neck and slam he into a wall . elsa ( cont ’d ) do not make I run kid , I be far too hungry and you know how much we love the taste of blood . jojo check he sheath for he dj knife but it 's empty . elsa reveal the knife in she hand elsa ( cont ’d ) lose something ? ( beat ) I be not a ghost johanne , I be something worse . but I think you already know that do not you ? you know what I be . gogo no . she press the knife to he throat , elsa yes . say it . gogo ( he gulp , futile ) Jew . elsa gesundheit . gogo you can not be here . elsa well you mother invite I so I suppose that make I she guest . gogo no . it 's not allow . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) elsa what will you do sweet hitlerchen ? jojo 's eye dart towards the door , and then the telephone . elsa ( cont ’d ) of course . go on then , tell they . but you know what happen if you do ? I will say you help I . and you mother too . then we will all be kaput . and if you tell she you know about I ... just one word ... ( raise the knife to he neck ) I will do the world a great big favour and cut you Nazi head off . get it ? she release he and back away , still hold the knife . elsa ( cont ’d ) I think I ' 11 hold onto this . it 's pretty . she wander back up the stair leave jojo in shock . int . jojo 's house - jojo 's bedroom - moment later jojo sit on he bed , petrify adolf ( 0.s. ) sheesh , that be intense . Adolf be sit next to he . gogo what be I gonna do ?? adolf honestly , no idea . there could be more of they . in the wall . hundred of they they look around at the wall . they huddle closer together adolf ( cont ‘d ) how the hell do she get control like that ? gogo she use she power I guess . mind control . ( continued ) 26 . continued : adolf oh , typical . do you see how fast she move ? and now she 's get you fancy knife . jogo I know ! my knife ! Adolf offer jojo a cigarette . he wave it away . adolf you be definitely in a pickle . ( he snap he finger ) get itt ( then ) ah damn , actually I do not have it . but then . gogo adolf ( cont 'd ) get it . get it ! ( beat ) ( beat ) I have to negotiate . you have to burn the house down and blame Winston churchill . beat . adolf ( cont 'd ) ok . try you idea first . int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - moment later jojo enter inga / elsa 's room . he 's wear household object as armour ; a pot sit on he head , he hold a kitchen knife , and he have a trash - can lid for a shield . he go to the close secret door and knock twice . knock-knock . gogo Excuse I ? hello ? Little girl ? um , Jew girl in the wall ? ( beat ) yoohoo , Jew ? just over he shoulder Adolf encourage jojo to continue . ( continued ) 27 . continued : jojo ( cont 'd ) ok well , I 'il just say what I have to say and that 's this : I be not scared of you and I think you should find somewhere else to live . Adolf tap he watch . jojo nod . jojo ( cont ’d ) ok ? from behind , in he ear , where Adolf be just stand elsa not okay . jojo spin , she 's right behind he , hold he knife smile . she kick he hard against he trash - can lid shield . he fly back , hit the wall and collapse in a heap . elsa pick up the kitchen knife , flip it in she hand . elsa ( cont ’d ) get the hell out of my room . jogo argh !!! adolf ( 0.8 . ) she 's pretty rude , y’know . that 's just my 2 pfennige ... int . jojo 's house - jojo 's bedroom - day back in the safety of jojo 's bedroom , jojo and Adolf pace . adolf -+.and now she 's get two knife ! jogo I know ! adolf how be you go to chop up stuff ? gogo I do not know ! adolf and she 's still up there ! that thing . that ... ( continued ) continued : Hitler lig they start 28 . jogo Jew . adolf Jew yeah . what do we do about it ? jogo you think of something ! adolf oh , now I be the expert ? nts another cigarette , offer it to jojo . joio I do not smoke ! stop offer I damn cigarettes ! I be ten ! adolf sorry , this be stressful ! pace , think , pace , think adolf ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's talk like turkey . I guess you can not tell you mother or the Jew will cut off you Nazi head . no real way around that right now . but y’know , there 's no reason this thing in the attic need to ruin you life . you could actually use it to you advantage . gogo how ? adolf well , when someone try to use mind - power on I , you know what I do ? use mind power back on they . remember last year when that one - armed pirate , von stauffenberg , try to blow I up with a table bomb ? joo yeah , you survive . adolf correct -a-mundo . but the only reason I survive , apart from have bomb-proof leg , be because I outwitted old von stauffy . I let he think I be dead when in actual fact I be fine . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : jojo 's eye he jump of out on joj int . jogo 's jojo sit 29 . ( 2 ) adolf ( cont 'd ) by pretend I be dead I draw out the traitor . so , what be you go to do ? gogo pretend I be dead ? adolf exactly . wait . no . I think what I mean be this : make she feel safe and she will drop she guard and then you will be the one in control . gogo reverse psychology . adolf do not complicate thing . just use my backwards mind power trick on she and you will be fine . ( check he watch ) I gotta go . we be have unicorn for dinner at my place tonight . 's go wide . adolf ( cont 'd ) concentrate , jojo ! ( beat ) ok good luck , and remember that ancient , say : a Jew live in you wall be better than two Jews fly around with they bat wing , climb down chimney and eat innocent Nazis . and do not give she any more knive ! ut the window . of 's worried face . S house - lounge - evening in live room , stare into space . we hear a car pull up , then footstep . rosie enter the house and into the lounge . rosie darling cub , why be you still up ? do you eat ? ( beat ) I be just take a long walk and have a think . sorry , I lose track of time . ( continued ) 30 . continued : rosie notice one of he lace be untied again rosie ( cont 'd ) ( crouching to tie they ) oh , you lace , you really must learn - — joso I hear she . rosie what ? who ? jogo ( point upstairs ) inga . her ghost . rosie walk out and into the kitchen . rosie ( laugh ) for Heaven 's sake what be you talk about ? he follow she . rosie take some bread from the cupboard and start open draw . gogo I hear noise upstairs . rosie oh come on , ghost ?? we have rat in the attic and yes I have hear they too . actually I have be meaning to say , you probably should not go up there till I have catch they all , they have germ and I do not need you get sick . okay ? gogo okay mama . i’1l watch out for that dirty rat . rosie slam the drawer shut . rosie where be all we god damn knife ?! int . jojo 's house - bathroom - night jojo stand at the door to the bathroom as he mother lay in the tub . ( continued ) 31 . continued : joio mama , do you miss papa ? rosie like the sun miss the moon . int . jojo 's house - rosie' room - night jojo watch as he mother fix she hair in the mirror . they be wear match pyjamas . gogo and do you miss inga ? rosie like the moon miss the sun . jogo and do you love anyone else ? rosie apart from you and papa and inga ? myself obviously . pff . ( beat ) now , I leave my favourite scarf in a dream , could you be a darling and go get it for I ? gogo huh ? rosie bedtime ! int . jojo 's house - jojo 's room - night rosie tuck jojo into bed . gogo be you go to bed too ? rosie soon . I need to tidy some thing first . gogo what thing ? rosie mama thing . Boy , you really have to trust I , I be the boss here . ok ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : beat . she smile and stroke he face . gogo I guess . rosie good boy . she wink . jojo try a return wink but can not . rosie ( cont ’d ) like this . she demonstrate and wink again , jojo attempt a return wink but be not get it . rosie ( cont 'd ) yeah , but with just one eye . you can do it . they continue this hopeless exchange a few more time . she eventually keep one of he eye open with she finger and '' wink '' he other eye for he . rosie ( cont 'd ) there you go ! you get it ! she kiss he good - night and turn out the light . int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - night a match be strike and a candle light . as we eye adjust to the flicker light we can make out elsa sit in the darkness . we then follow the match to find rosie . she produce bread , some pickle and a slice of cheese . elsa begin gobble it down . rosie you have to be more quiet . he hear noise up here . he can not know . if he do it 's the end of you . if I have to choose between you and my son ... ( beat ) I will not know where to send you . you hear I ? he must not know because if he know , then they know . elsa you could reason with he . ( continued ) continued : 33 . rosie you do not know he . he 's a fanatic . it take he three week to get over the fact he grandfather be not blonde . elsa yet you let he go to the Hitler youth you encourage it . rosie to get he out of the house and give you space . ( beat ) you think I do not hate it ? it 's a hard thing to be a mother . but even harder be to be the mother of one of they . how do you love a son like this , a kid who believe the thing he do ? ( beat ) in the end , you have no choice . I know he 's still in there somewhere , the little boy who love to play and run to you because he 's scared of thunder . and that 's all you have leave , belief — hope that you only remain child be not just another ghost . elsa perhaps we be all ghost now but we just . do not know it . rosie perhaps . you have live more lifetime than most . elsa I have not live at all . and if this be live , this hole in the wall and all this darkness , then what will death be like ? rosie the final escape . but that 's the easy way out . you be be challenge ; they say you can not live , that you will not live . if that come true then they win elsa they have be win so far . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) rosie they will never win . that be the power you have - as long as there be someone alive somewhere then they lose . they do not get you yesterday , or today . make tomorrow the same . she stroke elsa 's shoulder . rosie ( cont ’d ) tomorrow must be the same . int . jojo 's house - jojo 's room - night jojo sit upright in bed , wide awake . he hear a door close upstairs . gogo bad mama . jojo punch he pillow and angrily dive back onto he bed . cur to : int . rehabilitation centre - pool - day underwater : jojo swim down through the water . he pass Adolf who wave as he go by . jojo emerge at the surface where we see other wounded men - amputee , burn victim , etc . Adolf emerge from the pool and paddle around the wounded soldier , do a very bad job of hide he disgust . jojo look over to see he mother talk to klenzendorf by the side of the pool . int . rehabilitation centre - pool - day oso Owwww ! lying on a mattress , jojo yell in pain as fraulein rahm stretch he leg . fraulein rahm good , stretch , you must stretch . that 's it . pain be you friend . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 . continued : fraulein rahm ( cont 'd ) soon you leg will be only a little bit deform and pointless . I be go to recommend another month off school because you face might scare the other kid . she walk away , jojo remain lie down on he back . rosie jojo baby , I have to go . his mother 's oxford enter frame , next to he head . they click -clack on the tile in front of he and he watch as she shoe spin next to he head rosie ( cont 'd ) I will see you at home . i’1l see you at home . he nod . rosie kiss he head , and leave . int . rehabilitation centre - pool - day jojo limp over to klenzendorf and finkel . gogo hi Captain K. klenzendorf well , if it be not herr handgrenade himself . how 's the leg ? gogo pretty much heal . it only eighty percent hurt . what be you guy do here ? klenzendorf I be also be make to teach the hj boy water warfare training . in case they ever need to go to battle in a swim pool . gogo can I ask you about Jews ? klenzendorf oh God , why ? jogo what should I do if I see one ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : klenzendorf if you see a Jew then we tell the gestapo and they tell the ss and then they go and kill the Jew . and anyone who help the Jew . and , because this be very paranoid time , probably some other people just in case . it 's a pretty draw out process . jojo gulp . gogo even if the Jew hypnotise someone to make they hide the Jew in the first place ? klenzendorf I would be amaze if that could happen . fraulein rahm it can . it happen to my uncle . this Jew hypnotise he into drunk fishing and he drown . ( to jojo , suddenly probing ) do you see one ? a Jew ? gogo nope . I be not sure I would be able to tell if I do . klenzendorf I neither . without they funny hat it 's damn near impossible . someone should write a book on the subject . it have make everything a lot easier . this spark a idea in jojo 's head . a whistle be hear and we cut to see a group of hitler jugend kide , fully dress and wear boot and backpack sit on the side of the pool . they all jump in and immediately start sink . klenzendorf ( cont ’d ) ( to finkel ) finkel , they be drown . come on . ( to jojo ) see you later little man . klenzendorf and finkel jump in the pool and begin rescue the drown kid . out on jojo , wheel spin as he make a plan . 37 . int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - morning holding a soup ladle as a weapon , jojo approach elsa 's door . he knock twice again knock-knock . the door open and elsa sit in the doorway . she still have the two knife from earlier . gogo ok , here 's the situation . if I tell on you , you will be in big trouble and I do not think you want that . but then you will tell on I and my mother and we will be in trouble which I do not want . and if you tell my mother I know , then she will kick you out , which you do not want . and if I tell my mother I know , then you will cut off my head , which I also do not want . ( beat ) so it 's a mexican stalemate . elsa it 's just a normal stalemate . gogo I have some condition for allow you to stay here . elsa condition ? jogo yes . I will not cause any trouble for you if you promise to tell I everything about the jewish race . elsa ok . we be like you but human . done . jogo please take this seriously . I want to know all you secret . kindly refrain from sit on my sister 's bed . elsa why ? she do not need it . gogo you know nothing of my sister . ( continued ) 38 . continued : elsa inga and I be friend . I remember you : such a funny boy . gogo enough with the small talk . elsa laugh . elsa ok . obviously we be demon who love money , right ? jogo ( write it down ) obviously . everyone know that . elsa but what people do not know be that we be also allergic to food . jogo what ? elsa cheese , bread , meat . that thing will kill we instantly . so if you be think of end my life , that 's the fastest way . also biscuit . lethal . jojo write this down , stop . he get it . gogo very funny . anyway , there 's not enough food for you so I do not know what you be go to do . elsa you mother manage to find some bread she 's kind . she treat I like a person . jogo but you be not . not a proper person . she look he up and down . elsa be you ? jogo how dare you , Jew . you be weak like .. a eyelash . I be bear of Aryan ancestry . ( more ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) jojo ( cont 'd ) my blood be the colour of a pure red rise and my eye be blue like sapphire - suddenly , elsa have jojo in a headlock , twist he weak arm behind he . he wince in pain . jojo ( cont ’d ) ow ow ow ow ow ow ... she cover he mouth , suffocating he . jojo ( cont 'd ) ( muffle , quiet ) mmmph ! elsa break free . gogo mmrrmmph , elsa break free , great Aryan . ( lean in close ) there be no weak Jews . I be descend from that who wrestle angel and kill giant . we be choose by God . you be choose by a pathetic little man who can not even grow a full moustache . his struggle be useless , he cannot break she grip . she release he and push he onto inga 's bed . elsa ( cont 'd ) the stronger race , huh ? she go into she hideout and close the door behind she . jojo sit there , not sure how else to proceed . jogo ok , that 's enough for today . well continue tomorrow . okay ? ( beat ) okay ? ( then ) okay . jojo pack he book away and leave . 40 . int . jojo 's house - afternoon Adolf be dress as a Native american . he offer jojo a puff on he peace- pipe . adolf ( 0.s. ) do you want to play Cowboys and Indians ? it might help take you mind off the whole Jew in the attic thing . gogo she do not want to talk to I . this book be go to be harder to write than I think . adolf you be do great , jojo . I believe in you 100 percent . suddenly we hear the front door open and rosie burst in , flustered . she close the door loudly : rosie ( 0.s. ) hallo , I be home ! Adolf scurries around the room in a panic , look for somewhere to hide . find nothing , he hug the wall . gogo ( whisper ) she can not see you . adolf ( whisper ) I know . because I be blend in with my surroundings . he 's not . adolf ( cont 'd ) ( close he eye ) it also help if I can not see she . unseen by jojo , rosie move to the fireplace and pull some small piece of print paper from she pocket . she light they and throw they into the hearth . adolf ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . she 's burn something . that 's suspicious . what 's she burn ? ( yell at rosie ) what be you burn ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : jogo she can not hear you . adolf oh ... ( then , scream ) what be you burning int . jojo 's house - dine room - night as music play on a record player , jojo and rosie sit at the table , not speak . both of they eyeball each other suspiciously . it 's definitely awkward and as we pull out to a wide shot , we see Adolf have be sit at the table this whole time . he make a gesture to jojo that he should probably leave they to it . as he exit he wink at jojo . rosie wink at jojo too . gogo why be you so happy ? rosie thing be change . the ally have take Italy . France will be next and the war will soon be over . gogo God dammit . why do that make you happy ? you hate you country that much ? rosie I love my country . it 's war I hate . it 's pointless and stupid and the sooner we have peace the better . gogo the war will end but it will be the Reich who stand tall and proud . we will crush we enemy into dust , and when they be destroy we shall use they grave as toile rosie hey ! no more politics ok ? dinner be neutral ground . this table be Switzerland . let 's eat . jojo watch rosie . she barely touch she food . jogo you be not eat ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : rosie not that hungry . I might have some later . for now , I be just go to chew on this grape . jogo well I be especially hungry tonight . so maybe I nil just finish yours . silence . glaring at she son , rosie angrily eat she food . rosie how be you day , johanne ? gogo oh you know , just wander around be a deform kid with nothing to live for . rosie you be not deform . jogo my face look like a street map , woman . rosie that 's not my fault , you do that to yourself . gogo I would not expect you to understand . if my father be here , he have get it rosie well . he 's. not . jogo i. know . and instead I be stick with you . rosie take a breath , then swig deeply from a wine bottle . rosie you want you dad ? hmm ? gogo yeah , I do . rosie yeah ? gogo yeah ! ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) rosie ok fine ! she storm out of the room . a second later she return wear she husband 's military jacket . she walk to the fireplace and scoops up some ash and rub it across she face to make a '' beard '' . put on a deep voice she slam she fist down and yell in jojo 's face . rosie ( cont ’d ) ( dad voice ) do not ever talk to you goddamn mother like tha jojo sit back , shocked at the outburst . rosie walk away and stand in the corner . after a few beat ... rosie ( cont ’d ) Paul , what happen ? her back still to we , rosie begin a conversation between herself and she husband . rosie ( cont 'd ) ( dad ) I yell at the kid . ( rosie ) you should apologize . ( dad , to jojo ) sorry kid . ( rosie ) you call that a apology ? do it properly . he miss you . talk to he . rosie - dad approach the table and crouch before jojo . rosie ( cont 'd ) ( dad , to jojo ) jojo , I know you miss I but I be out there try to make a difference in the world . and while I be go I need you to take care of my rosie for I . can you do that ? jojo nod . rosie ( cont 'd ) ( dad ) can ya ? gogo yes . ( continued ) 4a. continued : ( 3 ) rosie ( dad ) thanks . she 's do what she can . joio ( smile ) yes dad . rosie ( daa ) we have get a good kid there , rosie . I love he to bit . jogo I love you too , dad . rosie ( dad ) almost as much as I love this stuff ! she grab a bottle of wine from the table and take a big swig from it . rosie ( cont ’d ) ( dad ) Boy do that taste good . remind I of dance with my rosie at the Red salon remember , honey ? ( rosie ) I do , babe . she stumble across to the record player , turn up the music , and start dance like a loon in the lounge . rosie ( cont 'd ) ( dad voice ) hey kid , do not just sit there . come dance with you parent : jojo laugh and give in . he go and dance with he mother . rosie hold she son close , squeezing he tightly , kissing he , not let go . int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - morning a pen skid across the floor . elsa stop it and pick it up gogo so , I would like you to draw a picture of where Jews live . a typical hive ; where you all sleep , eat , and where the Queen Jew lay the egg . ( continued ) 45 . continued : elsa you really be a idiot . gogo come on . we have a lot of work to do . elsa take he pen and paper and start draw elsa where Jews live . ok . jogo and tell I about you family . elsa I will tell you about Jews but you be not privileged to know about my family . jogo I need background . elsa let I ask you something . why be you hang around with I ? do not you have any friend ? joio of course . yorki . elsa yorki . joio amongst other . elsa pit ... jogo you do not have anyone . elsa I have Nathan . jogo who the hell be that ? elsa my fiancée . I have he . gogo where be he ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) elsa Fighting in the resistance . she hold out a locket with two photo inside . one be a pretty picture of elsa , the other of a handsome man , nathan . elsa ( cont 'd ) he propose to I on the bank of the fluss . he knelt down like a proper gentleman , recite a poem by rilke , and when I say ' yes 's we dance into the night . jogo snore . who 's rilke ? elsa a great Poet . Nathan 's favourite . gogo oooh , Nathan 's favourite , yayyy elsa he 's come to rescue I and then we 'il go live in Paris . gogo you would turn you back on Germany forever . elsa it turn on I first . jogo yeah well we do not need you . you and you stupid boyfriend can shut up and go live in dumb ... cheese - snail - baguette - land . elsa now , now , just because you do not have a girlfriend . jogo pah ! I be too busy for girlfriend . elsa one day you will make time . he roll he eye . ( continued ) a7 . continued : ( 3 ) elsa ( cont 'd ) you will think of nothing else . you will meet someone and spend you day dream of the moment you can hold she in you arm again . that 's love . jojo take a moment , under she spell . he break out of it . jogo ridiculous . elsa finish . elsa place she finish draw next to jojo . it 's of he . underneath she have write the word dummkopf . gogo I say to draw where Jews live . this be just a stupid picture of my head . she push she finger into he forehead . elsa that 's where we live . she slink back into she hideout , close the wall behind she . jojo stare at he draw . int . town - library - day jojo walk down a aisle of the local library . he scan the scant shelf and find what he be look for ; rilke : poem and essays . he pull it out and secretly stuff it into he jacket . he turn around and see Hitler stuff he own jacket with about 20 book . they spill out onto the floor . hitler great think , rabbit . we will use this book to make a fake floor that she can fall through , straight into a nest of piranhas or hot lava . or both ( cackle sinisterly ) she will not know what hit she ! oso shh . adolf shh ? you shush . let 's get a book and go library be dumb . 4g . int . jojo 's house - jojo 's room - day jojo write a letter at he desk , the rilke poetry book lie next to he . Hitler lay on the bed read a book . adolf yeah , this be a really good idea , what we be do right now . if she have a heart , this would break it clean in two . int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - afternoon elsa sit in a armchair . jojo walk in gogo I have something to tell you . I come across a old letter from Nathan - you fiancée — address to you . it 's quite lucky I find it . elsa ( 0.s. ) what the hell be you talk about ? joio a letter from Nathan . I will read it . pause . jojo read he letter . joso ( cont 'd ) dear elsa , this be hard for I to say but I do not want to marry you anymore . I find another woman and we laugh a lot and do the tongue kiss . it 's like my favourite poet rilke say : '' we need , in love , to practice only this : let each other go . '' so goodbye and sorry about let you go . from Nathan , you ex-fiancée . ps . I be not really in the resistance T be lie . I be unemployed and quite fat now . tear well in she eye and she retreat into she hide space , upset . she close the secret door , leave jojo alone int . jojo 's house - jojo 's room - afternoon jojo be back at he desk , write another letter 49 . int . jojo' house - inga 's bedroom - afternoon jojo 's back . he knock lightly on elsa 's wall . knock-knock . the door remain close . jogo hi . um , do not open the door but I actually forget there be a second letter . I forget I have it . I '1 ] just read it . ( read ) dear elsa . I just want to say that I do not want to break up with you now . I change my mind because I do not want you to kill yourself over I which a couple of girl have do in the past and it 's pretty stressful . ( beat ) I need you to stay alive . thank God you be be take care of by that kid , who I must say be a remarkable young man . Beyond he year . and brave too . ( beat ) and let 's still get marry sometime - even though I truly be unemployed and have nothing much go for I . I do not even know how to tie a knot or read a map . your , Nathan . beat . the door open , revealing elsa look back . int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - later close up on jojo , mid-discussion with elsa . jojo Beethoven . elsa Einstein . gogo bach . elsa gerschwin . soso brahm . mozart . wagner . ( continued ) 50 . continued : elsa musician , be that all you have ?! gogo rilke . elsa oh of course , you favourite , rilke jewish mother . gogo Dietrich , then . elsa ( click she finger ) houdini . gogo nooooo .. . elsa believe it brother . just ask pissaro , modigliani , man Ray , gertrude stein , Mr. mose and the king of they all , Jesus christi , amen . she do a magen david power move with she hand . gogo you be just say any old name now . I have never hear of this people and now I be feed up . he go to leave . elsa hey . ( he stop ) if you find any more of that letter , will you let I know ? gogo sure . ok. ( beat ) bye . we stay with elsa . elsa bye. 51 . ext . river - day jojo and rosie lie around on the bank of the river . rosie this bank use to be full of lover . there would be sing , dance , romance jojo there 's no time for romance , we be at war . rosie there 's always time for romance , babe one day you will meet someone special . gogo why do everyone keep tell I that ? rosie who else tell you ? jogo everyone . anyway , it 's a stupid idea rosie you be stupid . Love be the strongest thing in the world . gogo I think you will find that metal be the strongest thing in the world , follow closely by dynamite and then muscle . ( beat ) besides , I would not even know it if I see it . rosie surprise , surprise , you shoelace be undone . again . ( she tie he lace ) you will know it when it happen . you will feel it . a pain . joio in my arse I bet . rosie nope , in you tummy . and you heart . like butterfly . it 's like you be full of butterfly . ( continued ) 52 . continued : gogo yuck . rosie yeah , yuck . come on shitler , let 's get a move on she stand . jojo get to he foot but trip . his shoelace be tie together . jogo hey ! rosie haha ! oh kid , what 's wrong ? she help he to he foot and push he along , he fall again , laugh . jogo stop it ! rosie get it together , man . I be worried about you , be you drunk ? ( to a passer - by ) Excuse I , can you help ? my child be drunk . jogo ( laugh ) do not believe she ! rosie '' I be jojo and I should not trust pretty lady to tie my shoelace ... '' he get up and try to chase she . they play like this , he trip over , try to catch he mother , as local watch ext . river - later his shoelace now properly tie , jojo and he mother walk along the bank of the river . she walk next to jojo but on a elevate retain wall so she foot be next to he head rosie you be grow up too fast . a ten year old should not be celebrate war or talk politics . you should be have fun , climb tree , and then fall out of that tree . ( continued ) 53 . continued : gogo but the fiihrer say that when we win , it be we young boy who will rule the world . rosie pah ! the Reich be die . we be go to lose this war and then what will you do ? all I be say be that life be a gift and therefore we must celebrate it , hold on to it . we have to dance to show God we be grateful to be alive . she do a small twirl next to he , she shoe spin near he head . gogo well I will not dance . Dancing 's for people who do not have a job . rosie Dancing 's for people who be free . it 's escape from all of this . gogo well then you be free to dance you way home . i’1l ride ! he jump on he bicycle and pedal away . she give chase rosie oh no you do not ! no one can stop I ! she jump on she bike and pedal after he . ext . countryside - day jojo and rosie ride through the countryside . a truck of wounded and battle weary soldier pass by , they young face sink and devoid of hope . rosie wave . rosie welcome back , boy ! now go home and kiss you mother ! this make the boy smile and they wave back , cheer int . jojo 's house - inga 's room - afternoon jojo sit on inga 's bed , elsa be nearby ( continued ) 54 . continued : gogo no news from Nathan today I be afraid . he 's probably do something amazing like read a book or grow a beard . jojo sigh . elsa what 's wrong ? after a beat . elsa ( cont 'd ) you want I to tell you about the Jews ? ( off he look ) get comfortable . ( beat ) okay , in the beginning we use to live in cave , deep , deep in the centre of the Earth . joio wait . jojo take a pen and start write in he book . elsa scary place full of strange and wonderful creature all with one thing in common ... gogo ( nodd , knowingly ) stealing the end of penise . elsa ( laugh ) no you idiot . a love of art . gogo no cut penise off ? elsa you want the story or not ? gogo you may continue . but I know it 's true , the penis thing . rabbis use they for earplug . ( continued ) continued : she take elegant hai back to jo : 55 . ( 2 ) elsa aaaand move on . so , after many year of develop magic and spell , we slowly move out of the cave and into the town . some of we stay in the cave , in we normal body . gogo which be ... blob or something ? elsa well , I will draw they for you . jojo 's book and start draw . jojo watch she nos as they create the picture . she hand the book jo ; it be a beautiful sketch of a weird creature that be more like a elf or fairy . definitely not jewish or a monster . he write elsa ( cont ’d ) it would be better with colour . jogo where 's the horn ? elsa um , they be under the hair . gogo where be yours ? elsa I be too young . they grow when you turn 21 . gogo ahhh ... that down too . elsa anyway , this day we live among normal human but often we will take over a house and hang from the ceiling when we sleep , like bat . oh , one interesting thing be that we can read each other 's mind . jogo everyone 's mind ? what about german mind ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 3 ) elsa no , they head be too thick for we to penetrate . like bird , we true language sound like sing . crystal , glass and gold . jogo ( write ) attract to shiny thing ... but also ugly thing , Jews love ugliness . that 's another thing we learn in school . ( beat ) Ugly thing yes ? you love they ? elsa regards this 10 year - old kid write as fast as he can , a manic look on he face . a small smile creep across hers . jojo ( cont 'd ) hmm yes , ugly thing . he pause , catch a glimpse of himself in a mirror on the other side of the room . we see he scar face . he register he '' ugliness '' and go back to write . int . jojo 's house - jojo 's bedroom - later jojo enter he room with a pep in he step . he see Adolf sit in he bed . adolf you two seem to be get on well . gogo no , I just ... I be make sure she be still alive . adolf what do you care ? gogo I do not , but I also do not want a dead person in my house . how would you like it ? adolf . ( wiggling he toe ) I would not care . I be tough . all the time you guy be spend together ... I have to admit , it make I uncomfortable . ( continued ) continued : 57 . joo well , you suggest it in the first place . besides , it 's for the book . adolf ( sigh ) okay , sorry . you be right . oh no , I have make it weird between we , have not I ? be it weird ? oh god , it 's weird now . a beat as we process Adolf Hitler in jojo 's bed . it 's weird . gogo I be just tired . I be go to bed . adolf sure , I be just keep it warm for you . Friends do that . he get out of bed , dress in full regalia , include that puffy - hipped pant that Generals wear . adolf ( cont 'd ) hey do you think this uniform be slimming ? I be not sure about the hip on the pants . gogo you look great . adolf , thank you . now jojo let I give you some really good advice . once you see what 's in she mind and where she 's try to get you to go - in you own head , you must go the other way . do not let she put you ina brain prison ! that , dear jojo , be one thing that cannot happen to a german ! do not let she boss you german brain around ! jojo stare at he with admiration . jogo I will not let my brain be boss around by she , mein fihrer . adolf try not to . it look like you have get a lot of good information in you book , so I think it 's time to share it with the world , yes ? ( continued ) continued : jojo nod . 58 . ( 2 ) Hitler go to leave . gogo um Adolf , do you think I be ... ugly ? adolf be that a trick question ? ( he ponder , then ) be there another word for ugly but not as offensive ? gogo I do not think so . adolf well if there be , that have be you to a tee . anyway , ugly be not a bad thing . field marshal rommel be absolutely hideous but he make up for it with great joke tell ability . ( then ) sweet dream , little rabbit . he wink and leap out the window . jojo look in the mirror once more . int . jogo 's he scowl at himself and turn out the light . s$ house - inga 's room - night rosie drink from a bottle of wine . she swig rosie ( nodd ) he 's different . he suspect something . he think inga 's ghost life up here . ( beat ) you remind I of she . you really do . but different of course , you be you own person . I would love to have see she grow into a woman , but I will have to watch you instead . some wine . elsa I do not know anything about be a woman . be that what it be , you drink wine ? rosie sure . ( beat ) you will drink ; ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 59 . rosie ( cont 'd ) champagne if you be happy , champagne if you be sad . you will drive a car and eat cake . gamble if you want , own diamond and learn how to fire a gun . you will go to Morocco , take up lover and make they suffer , look a tiger in the eye and learn to trust without fear . that 's what it be to be a woman . elsa trust without fear . how do you do that , how do you know you can trust someone ? rosie smile and lean in . she wink rosie you trust they . ( she kiss elsa 's head ) good night . elsa all that other thing ? do you do that stuff ? you know , go to Morocco , and the rest . rosie no . ( beat ) I have never look a tiger in the eye . and blow out the candle . ext . hitler youth office - day jojo walk through town towards the Hitler youth office . int . hitler youth office - day jojo walk in to see five men dress in german mountain garb - lederhosen etc . one or two be hold crook . klenzendorf be at he desk , explain something to finkel . klenzendorf finkel . I mean we would need dog for when the city be attack . not actual ... german ... shepherd . ( beat ) now get they out of here . ( then ) and finkel ? I be sorry I yell at you , it be a easy mistake to make . ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . continued : klenzendorf ( cont 'd ) I should have be more clear . you be do a great job . finkel smile back at klenzendorf . klenzendorf ( cont 'd ) ( to jojo ) hello . how can we help you today , Mr betzler ? what 's up ? walk with I . jojo walk with klenzendorf . gogo if someone turn in a Jew would they get a medal or something ? klenzendorf you still go on about that people ? you know we be prepare the city for imminent invasion , right ? I be try to plan a defense strategy here . we have get american 's to the West , Russians to the East . fraulein rahm my friend once meet some Russians and they eat he . gogo I be really learn a lot about Jews . do you know they can read each other mind ? and when they sleep , they hang from the ceiling like bat . klenzendorf and where do you come by this information ? jogo Research . I be write a book . klenzendorf what 's it call ? joio '' yoohoo Jew '' . it 's a exposé on Jews . klenzendorf ( giggle ) '' yoohoo Jew " , oh my god , I love it ! you could also call it '' Jew , who ? '' ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) fraulein rahm what about '' Jews News '' ? klenzendorf oh jojo , you do have a wonderful imagination ! gogo but it 's real , not imagi-- klenzendorf oh , of course it 's real ! when I be you age I have a '' friend '' call conny who use to wet my bed when I be asleep . he get I in so much trouble . hey , you might like to check out what I be work on . he hold up a sketch of a man wear a tassele uniform , cape , and a helmet adorn with feather . the drawing be in coloured pencil , some of the pencil still lay about the desk and as klenzendorf talk , jojo secretly pocket a couple . klenzendorf ( cont ’d ) as part of we preparation for the invasion I be re-design my uniform . note , the feather for aerodynamics , the sparkly colour to dazzle the enemy , the boot be purely decorative . ( then ) and this be a gatling gun mount with a radio which emit annoying music to dishearten the enemy . ( suddenly cover the picture with he hand ) this be all copyright by the way . finkel that mean you can not copy it . klenzendorf do not get any idea kid . the kid tell I that you father 's away fight . so it appear you be now the man of the house . how 's the go ? gogo it 's ok . klenzendorf chuckle . jojo ( cont 'd ) what job do you have for I today ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) klenzendorf I have get one . I will not lie , it 's a bit of a step - down from what you be use to but we need all hand on deck right now . ext . town - house - day sfx : door knocking . a door open , revealing a old woman . reverse angle reveal a strange robot character make from cardboard and silver paint , stand before she written in paint along its front we see : helft uns deutschland ! ( help we Germany ! ) wir brauchen metall ! ( we need Metal ! ) a little door open on the robot and we see jojo 's face within . gogo good morning frau . we brave troops and wonderful fiihrer need you help . I be collect much need metal for the war effort which will provide we troops with bullet and airplane . and gun , tank , ship , U -boat , bomb . and Iron cross . old woman what ? gogo do you have anything metal ? nut , bolt pan , toothpaste tube ... she stare at he a while . old woman what ? ext . town - STREET - day jojo wander past tear propaganda poster of Hitler . in he barrow be various item ; a piece of rusted steel , a lead pipe , a few nut & bolt . jojo chant as he move through the town . jogo Metal for Hitler ! nut and bolt ! pot and pan ! ( continued ) 63 . continued : he come face to face with another metal collecting robot . they stare at each other a moment and go they separate way . just then , jojo see a someone familiar . his mother , rosie Hidden from sight within he robot costume , he watch as she secretly place flyer around the street - in doorway , on table , in letterbox . she slip away around a corner jojo walk to a little table and pick up one of the flyer she place there only second earlier . he read aloud . jojo ( cont 'd ) free Germany . fight the party . ext . town - metal deposit - day jojo unload he barrow of metal into a large pile of other donate thing . voice ( 0.s. ) jojo ? he turn to see , yorki . jogo yorki ! the two embrace . jojo step back to take in he old friend who be now dress in a soldier 's uniform . a cigarette hang from he mouth but it 's still the same old dorky yorki . jojo ( cont 'd ) you be a soldier now ? yorki at you service ! I even drink schnapp and smoke cigarettes now . except I do not light they because they taste like arse . he theatrically '' smoke '' with he cigarette which be not light . gogo but you be only eleven . yorki I know ! and look at this uniform , it 's state of the art ! jojo feel the uniform . it be make out of cardboard cover in GREEN material . ( continued ) 64 . continued : gogo it 's pretty thin . be that '' paper ? yorki hmm , that 's what I think at first too . but it 's '' paper-like '' . it 's the latest material invent by we top scientist . he hold up he arm , the sleeve be way too long . jogo well , I be impressed . you finally make it . next stop , Hitler 's guard . jojo shuffles on the spot . jojo ( cont 'd ) . I catch a Jew . a real one . hey York . yorki wow , good for you ! I see some that they catch hide in the forest last month . personally I do not see what all the fuss be about . they be not at all scary and seem kind of normal . but do not tell anyone I say that . ( then ) hey what 's all that metal stuff ? be you collect metal stuff ? this gun 's metal stuff . argh , I be get distract , I gotta go ! he run off . yorki ( cont 'd ) oh my God it 's so hard to run in this thing ! int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - day jojo lightly tap on elsa 's wall , open the door and hold something out for she : the coloured pencil . gogo you can have they . I do not care . they be probably break . do not mean anything . that 's a good chair . he walk to chair , look at it . elsa thank you . ( continued ) continued : 65 . gogo yeah well , maybe you can draw some more picture for my book . or not . elsa I could draw you again ? gogo no one want to see picture of cripple . elsa you be hardly a cripple . besides , true artist do not see that stuff . gogo blind artist you mean . look , it 's fine , I 'il just accept that I x11 be one of that guy who will never get to kiss a girl . ( beat ) and I be not fishing for anything by the way . I feel quite strongly about this elsa you will be kiss , jojo. ( beat ) do you want I to kiss you ? gogo ok , two thing . thing number one : it 's illegal for Nazis and Jews to hang out like we do , let alone kiss , so already it 's out of the question . and thing number two : it would just be a sympathy kiss which do not count . elsa you be not a Nazi . jogo what be you talk about ? of course I be elsa not a real Nazi . jogo I be massively into swastikas so I think that 's a pretty good sign right there . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) elsa you be not a Nazi , jojo . you be a 10 year old kid who ' like 's swastikas and ' like 's dress up in a funny uniform and want to be part of a club . but you be not one of they . not you . jogo ( roll he eye ) okayyy , let 's just agree to disagree , alright ? ( beat , to himself ) not a Nazi , ha . he pick at a imaginary thing on the wall . elsa stare at herself in the mirror . elsa what a dirty Jew . jojo shuffles nervously . he open the bedroom door . int . jojo 's house - bathroom - later elsa soak in the tub while jojo sit outside the door . int . jojo 's house - rosie 's room - later jojo sit on the bed as elsa brushes she hair . yep , she 's beautiful . as he watch she , jojo shiver a little . he look down and see butterfly in he stomach , then look back at elsa , worried . yep , he 's in love . int . jojo 's house - live room - day downstair , elsa look around , try out chair , look at photo , take in the normality of the room . elsa ' live room 's . funny name . gogo stay away from the window . suddenly there 's a knock at the door . they freeze . ( continued ) 67 . continued : jojo ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) she 's home . you better hide ( call out ) lose you key , mama ? int / ext . jojo' house - front door ~ continuous jojo reach the door and open it , revealing five men in trench - coat - gestapo agent - lead by a intense fellow name captain deertz . deertz Heil Hitler . allow I to introduce myself . I be Captain herman deertz of the falkenheim gestapo . this be herr Mueller , herr junker , herr klum , and herr frosch . ( then ) Heil Hitler . gogo Heil Hitler . ( to Mueller ) Heil Hitler . mueller Heil Hitler . joio ( to junker ) Heil Hitler . junker Heil Hitler . jogo ( to frosch ) Heil Hitler . frosch Heil Hitler . joio ( to klum ) Heil Hitler . klum Heil Hitler . deertz now , we -- ( continued ) 68 . continued : klenzendorf ( 0.s. ) sorry I be late , my bicycle get a flat tire . I carry it . they be interrupt by Captain klenzendorf enter , carry a bicycle , trail by finkel . deertz Captain klenzendorf ? Heil Hitler . klenzendorf Heil Hitler . this be freddy finkel . finkel join in and the two man Heil Hitler everyone in the room all over again . finally ... klenzendorf ( cont ’d ) so , do I miss anything ? deertz no , we be just Heil hitler each other and be about to conduct a routine inspection . he nod to the other agent who start snooping around the house , inspect drawer , cupboard , shelf . deertz ( cont 'd ) and what bring you here , Captain ? klenzendorf we be pass by and want to drop off some pamphlet for the boy . he work for we . deertz I see . klenzendorf and yourself ? deertz oh you know how it be . routine inspection . we be follow up on a few lead that will probably lead to nothing , but it 's all part of the job , be not it ? deertz smile and move into jojo 's bedroom . deertz ( cont ’d ) so , young johanne , you be help out at the hitlerjugend office . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) jogo yes . deertz good for you . I wish more of we citizen have you commitment . klenzendorf johanne be a fantastic volunteer . he 's very imaginative . there be a loud bang upstairs , something be overturn . jojo and the Officer look up . deertz what on earth be that oaf up to ? why do not we go upstairs and see . yes ? he put a arm around jojo and they head upstairs . int . jojo 's house - upstair hall - continuous they stop at jojo 's mother 's room . the officer be look through she dresser and wardrobe , under the mattress . deertz do you know where you mother be ? gogo no . I think she 's in town . deertz and tell I , what have she be up to of late ? do she get to spend much time at home ? gogo well , she be quite busy . klenzendorf accidentally knock over a chair . he exhales heavily , clearly uncomfortable . deertz be she ? hm. well it 's good to see you be still wear you jugend uniform . ( beat ) but ... where be you dj knife ? jojo look down to he little sheath , it be still empty . from behind they . ( continued ) 70 . continued : elsa ( 0.s. ) it 's here . they turn to see elsa stand at the door to inga 's room . she hold the knife in she hand and wear a dress and shirt of inga 's . she look beautiful and ... quite german . jojo be wide - eye , panicked . deertz and who might you be ? elsa who might you be ? and what be you do in my house ? deertz you live here too ? jogo this ... be ... elsa ( mock jojo ) thisss ... isssss ... ( to deertz ) speak properly idiot . I be inga . his sister . there be a awkward pause . klenzendorf cough . jojo try to stall . gogo Heil Hitler . elsa Heil . Hitler . deertz Heil Hitler . the other agent join in and we go through another long round of Heil Hitler salute , this time with elsa . deertz ( cont 'd ) I do not know you have a sister , johanne . elsa well sometimes he would prefer I be dead . would not you , little frankenstein ? klenzendorf look back and forth between everyone , confuse ( continued ) nm . continued : ( 2 ) deertz now , now , no need to attack he physicality . it 's a war wound . and why do you have he knife ? elsa I be guard my room because he refuse to stay out of it . deertz what do you have hide in there ? elsa ( smile ) oh you know , girl 's stuff . deertz go to enter inga 's room . deertz May I ? elsa naturally . he wander in , inspect the room . he walk past elsa 's secret door . klenzendorf enter , walk past jojo , eyeing he deertz you see we deal with a overwhelming number of report , denunciation , and general investigation which mean we be severely understaffed and overworked deertz open the curtain and look out the window deertz ( cont ’d ) now , of course we be indeed interested in problem of crime and anti-party sentiment , but we still have one great concern ; that of the goldilocksy , run amok , take advantage of other people in this city . sneak around eat people 's food , sleep in they bed ... it 's quite rude ( beat , to elsa ) I do not suppose I could see you papers could 1 ? elsa freeze . deertz ( cont 'd ) hmm ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) klenzendorf paper , ms betzler . quickly please , we do not have all day . elsa yes , of course . elsa go to a drawer in inga 's dresser and open it . she then try another drawer and another . eventually she pull out inga' paper . her hand be beginning to shake , klenzendorf take the papers from she and look at they , now and then flick a look to elsa . Pov of the papers show inga when she be sick , gaunt and pale ; the two girl share a vague resemblance . klenzendorf how old be you in this photo ? elsa they be 3 year old , I be 14 . klenzendorf date of birth ? a tense moment as elsa pause . pin drop stuff . elsa May 1 , 1929 . another long pause . elsa wipe she sweaty hand on she dress . klenzendorf correct . ( beat ) thank you inga . get a new photo . you look a bit like a ghost in this one . klenzendorf go to hand the papers to deertz who wave they away . deertz , wait . what be this ... yoohoo ... Jew ? jojo gulp . deertz spy jojo 's book sit on the dresser . he open the book and start flick through the page . the atmosphere be palpable . slowly deertz begin to smile , and then ... he giggle . deertz ( cont ’d ) ( stifling laughter ) oh my ... oh my ! tell I , who do this ? be it you , inga ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 4 ) elsa yes , it 's a exposé on Jews , how they look , behave , think . it will be a gift to the fuhrer . deertz this be amazing . guy , look at this . klenzendorf and the other gather round deertz as he show they jojo 's fantastical drawing and writings . there be picture of crazy animal and fairy and magical world . deertz ( cont ’d ) where do you get all of this idea ? gogo it 's a ... exposé . for the fuhrer . elsa I just say that , johanne . deertz a exposé . oh , I think he would absolutely adore this . oh my , this guy be riding a dragon . '' mode of Transport '' . ( turn a page ) ooh , this be a draw of they anatomy . look , this one here show the inside of they head . how wonderful . the officer be all giggle now . klenzendorf I too be quite a accomplish drawer . I actually have slightly better perspective and cross-hatch . ignoring he , deertz point at a draw of David kill goliath . deertz oh look , this guy be kill a giant . oh boy . ( beat ) and what be this ? " die , Nathan , die . Ways of kill Nathan . '' oh this be hilarious . look at this guy Nathan , look at all the way he 's die ! ( beat ) tell I , who be this Nathan ? jojo look at elsa sheepishly . she stare at he for a moment , then look away . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 5 ) elsa no one . just a stupid boy . deertz chuckle . the other officer join in . deertz well , I must thank you for this . you have really make my day . I do hope you continue with it . and , of course , if you see anything suspicious , give we a ring . good day . more Heil hitler as they leave . jojo just stand there watch . klenzendorf we be scale down we operation at the youth Office , jojo , so you participation be no longer require . stay home , kid . look after you family . look after this knife . jojo nod . klenzendorf leave . int . jojo 's house - elsa 's hideout - moment later jojo find elsa huddle in the corner clutching inga 's papers . gogo elsa , you fool they . elsa May 7. gogo what ? elsa she be bear May 7 , not the first . jojo take the papers and read . the dob read : May 7 , 1928 . jogo he be help we . elsa they 'il be back . they 'il find out she 's dead . then I 'il be dead . ( continued ) 18 . continued : gogo nobody really know inga die . you can be she elsa . it 's okay , 1 /11 tell mama everything when she get home . i’1l tell she I know you , that we be friend . elsa retreat away from jojo . elsa Jew and Nazi be not friend . this hit jojo . elsa bury she head into she hand and begin to cry . she go into she hideout . jojo leave . int . jojo 's house - kitchen - moment later jojo sit at the kitchen table twiddle he thumb while Adolf , wear oven glove , stir a pot on the stove . adolf so that be pretty much a bust . I can not believe they fall for she disguise . mind explain that ? gogo she do not seem like a bad person . adolf ( immature ) poor jojo , he 's a widdle bit tired and confuse and the only thing he can cook be invisible soup . he be suddenly serious , element of the real Hitler start building as he give a impassion speech . adolf ( cont 'd ) I be beginning to question you loyalty to myself and the party . you say you be a patriot but where be the evidence ? the german soldier be bear out of necessity , Germany depend on the passion of this young man , passion and a readiness to fall for the fatherland . they resurrection will be see in the rise of the german folk , despite the futile effort of ally war profiteer who send they ill- prepare army clumsily into the lair of the wolf . ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . continued : adolf ( cont 'd ) and only that zealous man who stand steadfast in the face of the enemy will be remember , they name etched into german memory forever . but it be up to you to decide if you want to be remember , or forget like a grain of sand , disappear without trace into the desert of insignificance ( beat ) to put it plainly - get you shit together and sort out you priority . you be ten , jojo . start act like it he walk out , dramatically knock over a cup . ext . town square - town square - afternoon jojo wheel he barrow down a alley which open up into the town square . he rest a moment and see a butterfly move past he along a row of flower . jojo smile at this , take interest and follow the butterfly , crouching low to the ground , he follow the butterfly deeper into the square . low to the ground , he admire the butterfly which have now come to a stop upon another flower . the butterfly flutter away . jojo notice the light on the ground be disturb by shadow move back and forth . he stand . right in front of he be a pair of shoe , dangle . he be in the middle of body hang from the gallow . he back away from the body and into another pair of foot . we recognize this shoe . they be he mother 's he stumble back , shaking , tear welling . after a moment he move back towards he mother . he try to reach she hand . it be too high . he look back down towards she shoe and notice she lace be untied . he try to tie they but can not . ext . town square - town square - dusk as the sun set jojo remain in the park , sit beneath the body . quiet. still . 7 . int . jojo 's house - elsa 's hideout - night elsa sit in inga 's room , read by candlelight . jojo enter the room . elsa look down to see he 's hold he dj knife , tear stream down he face . he walk up to elsa and stab she just below the collarbone . he 's too weak to drive it all the way in but she do little to stop he . slowly she raise she hand , place it over he and pull out the bloody blade . blood seep down she chest . she nod at he . jojo struggle against she until he collapse to the floor . he lie on he back . elsa kneel next to he . they look at each other . ext . jojo 's house - rooftop - night jojo and elsa sit on the roof while distant bombing light up the horizon . gogo do you know ? elsa she do not tell I much , only that she work with friend and that you father be somehow involved from afar . gogo no , he 's fight in the war . elsa she say he will return as soon as the war be over . she do not want to tell you anything for obvious reason . gogo ( nodd , tear up ) because I be a Nazi . because she hate I . I be the enemy . elsa she do not want you to know anything that could get you in trouble . she want to protect you - more than anything , more than I . you be the most important thing to she . gogo but they find out what she be do in the end . they get she . ( continued ) 78 . continued : elsa I be sorry . she die try to save life . that be the great honor any person can achieve . gogo but now I have nothing . no one . elsa put a arm around he shoulder . more bomb . elsa the last time I see my parent be at the station . they be put on a train . I run . slowly find my way back to the city . a friend of my father 's hide I . then another friend , then friend of friend ... till you mother take I in . ( then ) so far I be still here . but my parent go to a place you do not come back from . jogo what be the first thing you will do when you be free ? elsa dance . music cue : ' everybody's gotta live 's by love montage - jojo and elsa = jojo walk past a group of woman and other local as they clear rubble and debris from they house . - jojo barter with a local peasant for some old vegetable . - elsa draw picture of she surroundings ; the view , the object in the room , jojo . - jojo read elsa a '' Nathan letter '' . - various shot of the kid live together . dinner . reading . talk . be . = jojo be out in the snow collect stick . he see a rabbit . = jojo be eat a water soup while Adolf eat a roast unicorn head . ( continued ) 79 . continued : = jojo 's bedroom ; jojo pin another one of elsa 's drawing on the wall . there be now as many of they as he picture of Hitler . ext . STREET - day jojo head down a street and find a group of civilian local be give weapon and instruction on how to use they . there be a couple of woman and young boy among they , all look very out of they element and bewilder . we hear a explosion a few block away . civilian run the opposite way towards safety . jojo move towards the chaos . he round a corner and see yorki , he uniform in tatter , run on the other side of the street with another kid . they be carry a rocket launcher . jogo yorki ! yorki see jojo , wave , trip and fall . the rocket launcher hit the ground and fire -— send a missile across the road where it blow up a shop . glass and debris shower the street . yorki scheisse ! I be so clumsy . ( beat ) jojo ! I have miss you . I be sorry about you mama . I cry for age when I hear what happen . they hug . jogo yorki , what 's go on out there ? yorki the Russians jojo , they be come . and the Americans from the other way . and England and China and Africa and India and Australia . the whole world be come ! jogo how be we do ? yorki terribly ! we only friend be the japanese and just between you and I , they do not look very Aryan . Germany 's completely run out of money . ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . continued : yorki ( cont 'd ) I mean look at this uniform , it really be make of paper . they just glue cotton on top of it . he turn around and we see the back of he jacket have be completely burn off . yorki ( cont ’d ) I gotta get this ammo to the gunner . you can help . yorki put the ammo in jojo 's barrow and they head off . ext . town - STREET - day the kid make they way down a street , the fire - fight in the distance get closer . it 's loud and chaotic . other soldier run around , old people and kid mainly gogo hey , remember that Jew I tell you about ? yorki oh yeah . you catch one . gogo I still have she . she 's basically my girlfriend now . yorki good for you jojo ! a girlfriend ! gogo but she 's , y'know ... jewish . yorki there be bigger thing to worry about than Jews , jojo . there 's Russians somewhere out there . they be worse than anyone . I hear they eat baby and have sex with dog . I mean , that 's bad , right ? jogo sex with dog ? yorki yeah , the englishmen do it too . we have to stop they before they eat we and screw all we dog . it 's crazy . and now Hitler 's go we be really on we own . ( continued ) 81 . continued : jogo what ? yorki you do not hear ? he 's dead . he give up and blow he brain out . gogo no . that 's impossibl yorki blew they out . his brain . turn out he be hide a lot of stuff from we . do some really bad thing behind everyone 's back . I be not sure we choose the right side . jojo and yorki round a corner . as they approach another machine gun post we see a enemy tank in the distance train on the fortification . it fire and there 's a huge explosion . the boy drop everything and run off . ext . battle ground - continuous the fight be more intense and we see more kide and old people , dress in stupid paper uniform , huddle in corner , try to figure out what to do . some be cry . the boy round a corner and find fraulein rahm prepare for battle . she 's stick a grenade into the back pocket of a clone . fraulein rahm ok , little clone ! go find a Russian or a american and give they a big hug ! she pull the pin on the grenade and send the kid out into the battle . yorki y'know , I be not sure we choose the right side . I be beginning to wonder if we might be the bad guy . fraulein rahm yorki ! here , you have be promote . take a gun and go kill anyone who look different to we ! go! go! go! she shove yorki out into battle . ( continued ) 82 . continued : fraulein rahm ( cont ’d ) jojo ! here , put on a jacket so you know what side you be on ! she hand jojo a jacket . fraulein rahm ( cont 'd ) the Russians be over there ! the Americans be that way ! we must kill everything we see ! for hitler ! she grab a massive machine gun and run out into the fray . fraulein rabm ( cont ’d ) die , devil scum !!! suddenly there 's a huge explosion and the street be engulf in smoke and dust - jojo and yorki be separate . yorki ( 0.s . ) gogo where be you ? but yorki have disappear . more shot and yell . daze and disorient , jojo make he way through the haze of smoke and debris , pass the last defender of the town — woman , child , the elderly - all desperately try to fend off a much stronger enemy , and fail . klenzendorf run past . we see that he be wear he uniform but it have be alter accord to he earlier draw . it have sparkly sequins on the collar , tassel down the sleeve . finkel be with he , dress in a similar outfit . there be a electric energy between they . klenzendorf see jojo , give a triumphant smile , and run off . jojo follow suit and find shelter behind a wall . he watch as german soldier retreat from the enemy . some be gun down , other hide behind vehicle and continue to engage . there be fire burn throughout and the scene echoe the craze frenzy of the book burn bonfire from earlier . only this time everyone be confuse , freak out and cry . jojo duck into a doorway and hide in a hole . fade out . 83. ext . town - STREET - day jojo walk through the ruin of he town . he see a soldier play a piano in a bomb out house . german pow be be lead away at gunpoint by american soldier . just then jojo hear a whimper and look down to see a dusty hand reach out from some rubble . jojo lift a old door up and find fraulein rahm . she 's die . fraulein rahm oh , Heil Hitler , jojo . can you lift this building up so I can get out ? she do indeed have a building on top of she . fraulein rahm ( cont ’d ) fall Hitler 1/11 be wait for he in Heaven where everyone be perfect . she die . ext . town - STREET - day Music blare , it 's a anthem of some sort . jojo stare wide eye as american troops officially enter the city in a convoy . some people be wave , happy . other be cry . Officer deertz be also there , along with and a couple of he gestapo agent be take away . a woman hold she child wave at the pass allied convoy . woman the war be over ! America be here ! everyone be free ! we be all go to get Levi jeans ! America ! americaaaaa ! tank pass by . Adolf sit perch on a local statue . he 's dishevel and look frighten . ext . back STREET - later jojo walk down a small street . we see more discard photo of Hitler and burn Nazi banner . voice ( 0.s. ) german ! wehrmacht ! ( continued ) 84 . continued : just then a Russian soldier grab jojo by the scruff of the neck and shove he into a group of german pow 's be march at gun point down the street . among the group we see christoph , one the arsehole kid from the Hitler youth Camp . he 's cry . we also find captain klenzendorf , he revampe uniform in tatter . jojo make he way to klenzendorf . jogo Captain k ! what 's happen ? klenzendorf hysteria my friend . we have come to the end . jogo fraulein rahm be dead . a building fall on she . klenzendorf ( wiping away a tear ) and my dear finkel be go too . I be very fond of he . they're lead into a private courtyard . ext . courtyard - continuous they be jostle about , push and shove into group . russian soldier move ! you , move there ! klenzendorf hey jojo . I be sorry about rosie . she be a good person . a actual good person and I have be meaning to tell you , I think you book be really great . I be sorry for laugh at it . there 's some very important stuff in there . I wish it be around when all this start . ( beat ) you be a good kid . now go home and look after that sister of yours . he clock a russian soldier approach . klenzendorf smile at he for a moment before rip off jojo 's jacket and shove he to the ground . ( continued ) 85 . continued : klenzendorf ( cont ’d ) get away Jew ! the soldier level he gun at they . russian soldier what 's go on ? you be a Jew ? klenzendorf yes . he 's scum . russian soldier shut up , Nazi . ( to jojo ) you know this Nazi ? gogo ( point at klenzendorf ) he help we russian soldier he be Nazi . ( to klenzendor£ ) you know the boy ? a brief moment as klenzendorf stare at jojo . klenzendorf I do not know this dirty jew. jogo what ? klenz endorf Ugly Jew brat ! the soldier smashes klenzendorf square in the face with the butt of he rifle . russian soldier shut you mouth Nazi . ( to jojo ) Jew , get out of here . go home . gogo no ! he and klenzendorf exchange one more look before the soldier grab jojo and push he out onto the street . the large gate close behind he . jojo get to he foot and dust himself off . ( continued ) a6 . continued : ( 2 ) machine gun FIRE ring out from inside the courtyard . jojo run and , turn a corner ... ext . town - STREET - moment later x.bump straight into yorki . he 's cover in dirt and ash and have lose he uniform . he now wear only underpant and a undershirt . yorki jojo ! gogo yorki ! I think you be dead . yorki no , it seem I can never die . jogo I do not understand what 's happen . yorki I neither . nothing make sense . it 's definitely not a good time to be a nazi. ( beat ) I be gonna go home and see my mother . I need a cuddle . hey . so now the war 's over at least you girlfriend will be free . she can leave now . jojo step back realize elsa may leave . joio I have to go . he wonder off ponder and confuse . ext . jojo 's house - day jojo slowly wander up to he house , pause a moment outside the front door , and walk inside . int . jojo 's house - inga 's bedroom - evening jojo run into inga 's room . it 's empty . he stand next to the door of she hideout . intercut between inge 's room and elsa 's hideout . ( continued ) 87 . continued : gogo hi , I be home . elsa what 's go on out there ? jogo out where ? elsa outside , dummy . ( beat ) jojo , what 's go on ? be it safe to come out ? jojo think for a moment . conflict , he make he decision . joio no . you can not leave . elsa who win ? ( silence ) jojo . who win the war ? she shuffles nervously . gogo Germany . ( beat ) Germany win the war . elsa look around at she prison . elsa I think I could leave . jojo stand in the room . alone . he move to the dresser and look at a family photo , then at the picture of he sister . his book - yoohoo Jew - lie on the dresser nearby . he open it and start leaf through the page , take in everything he and elsa discuss and work on together . he stop at a picture of he and he mother riding they bicycle . he turn the page and see another picture , this time it 's of a rabbit in a cage . outside the cage be a little boy . jojo take a moment , then rip out a blank piece of paper . ( continued ) continued : 88 . ( 2 ) he sit next to the door to elsa 's hideout . he knock . beat . gogo hi . I have another letter . ( beat ) dear elsa , I know it 's hard for you at the moment . I know you feel like give up . but you have to carry on . you friend jojo and I have devise a plan to help you escape . so please listen to he . he will help you get out of there . then you can come to Paris and live with I and we can eat snail and frog and other disgusting thing that human be not suppose to eat . ( beat ) and do not worry about jojo , he will be ok when you leave . ( beat ) see you in Paris . ( then ) Nathan . elsa 's door open . elsa he 's dead . jogo what ? elsa Nathan . he die last year . tuberculosis . jojo hold up he fake letter . she smile . gogo oh , that 's weird . but then who write this ? elsa thank you , jojo . you have be so good to I . gogo elsa , I and fake Nathan have find a way for you to escape Nazi Germany . ( continued ) a9 . continued : ( 3 ) elsa how do I know I can trust you ? gogo well , the thing be ... I love you . I know you think of I as a young brother and you be too old anyway but - — ( beat ) man , it 's hot in here . elsa I love you too , jojo . gogo as a young brother . elsa as a young brother . gogo well then , maybe you could trust a young brother ? she smile . maybe . jojo ( cont 'd ) okay . get you thing together . we be leave . int . jojo house - jojo 's room - day jojo put on he jacket and look at himself in the mirror . a different boy than we meet at the beginning of the movie jojo ( cont 'd ) jojo betzler . 10 and a half year old . today ... just do what you can he turn to walk out of he room , but adolf step into the doorway , block he path . he have a gape wound on the side of he head where he shot himself . adolf , where in the shit do you think you be go ? gogo out . ( continued ) continued : 90 . ( 4 ) adolf oh no you be not . you be stay right here and you be go to tell I what the hell 's go on . be honest . gogo I can not hang around with you anymore . I be sorry . adolf I say be honest . ( beat ) you betrayed I , traitor . gogo you betrayed everyone ! I believe in you ! adolf but you stop believe ! and now you be best friend with that thing in the attic . gogo that thing be a girl . adolf you be in love with she be not you ? gogo yes. adolf admit it gogo I just say yes ! adolf I know it ! well she 's too old for you and you be ugly . jojo stare at Adolf . adolf ( cont 'd ) Fine . I be sad thing do not work out with we , however I be still kind of proud of you . massively disappointed , but also proud . I like to think of you as my strange , wayward , disappoint , ugly son . ( continued ) continued : Adolf hand : g1 . ( 5 ) gogo I already have a dad and now the war be finish he 's come home . adolf but you need I ! I be all you have get ! you will never make it out there . you be a scared little ugly rabbit . you will die without I ! 's jojo a swastika armband . adolf ( cont 'd ) now you listen to I . I be go to give you one last chance to make thing right . you be go to put this on and forget about that disgusting jewy cow up there , and you be go to come back to I where you belong . get it ? jojo screw up the armband and throw it on the ground . Adolf buckle in pain . adolf ( cont 'd ) heyyy ... hey , how about you Heil I , yeah ? come on , for old time sake ? ( beat ) Heil I , little man . jogo no ... adolf come on , you know you want to . just a little Heil . just a little bittle Heil for you old friend ? gogo no. fuck off Hitler . and with that , jojo kick Adolf as hard as he can in the ball . Adolf scream as he go flying through the window and out into oblivion . Hitler be int . jogo 's jojo lead no more . S house - hallway - day elsa by the hand down the hall . they reach the front door and jojo notice something . ( continued ) 92 . continued : joo wait . he bend down and tie elsa 's shoelace . she watch as he do this , a small smile creep across she face . jojo finish and stand . jojo ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) you ready ? elsa yeah . jojo unlock the door . elsa ( cont 'd ) jojo . be it dangerous out there ? jojo wink a perfect wink . jogo extremely . he open the door . Light fill the entrance to the house . they step outside . ext . jojo 's house - continuous jojo and elsa stand on the front step of the house . elsa look at jojo and then back out to the street . a car full of celebrate soldier drive past - a american flag stick out the back . they take in the view and jojo do a small fist pump . gogo yes ... we make it . elsa turn to jojo and stare at he . she slap jojo. jojo ( cont 'd ) ( nodd ) yep . probably deserve that . ( then ) so what do we do now ? elsa shrug and stand there . and then , ever so subtly , and very slowly , she begin to sway ... rhythmically . ( continued ) 93 . continued : jojo follow suit and move he shoulder back and forth . music cue : ' helden 's by david bowie jojo and elsa slowly begin to dance - not for anyone else , just for themselves and each other . black on screen : let everything happen to you beauty and terror just keep go no feel be final . '' Rainer Maria rilke end . pao oer I mute so om om cele sn og res a ag age aue maa seslo seo m cu no e na C mo re okey fave ase om ere ee asr lolol soe onal ovat . grer meme = eee or no aero aol a owe aos restriction set forth above . bern mara reid