joker a origin written by Todd Phillips &amp ; Scott Silver 13 April 2018 this story take place in its own universe . it have no connection to any of the DC film that have come before it . we see it as a classic Warner bros. movie . gritty , intimate and oddly funny , the character live in the real world and the stake be personal . although it be never mention in the film , this story take place in the past . let 's call it 1981 . it 's a troubled time . the crime rate in gotham be at record high . a garbage strike have crippled the city for the past six week . and the divide between the " have " and the " have - not " be palpable . dream be beyond reach , slip into delusion . over black : hear laughter . the sound of a man totally crack up . fade in : 1 int . dept . of health , office - morning 1 close on joker ( 30' ) , tear in he eye from laugh so hard . he 's try to get it under control . his greasy , black hair be matte down . he 's wear a old , fade red hood zip - up sweatshirt , a threadbare gray scarf , thin from year of use , hang loosely around he neck . we notice two fade old scar cut at the corner of he mouth . almost form a smile . he 's sit across from a overworked social worker ( 50' ) , African american . her office be cramped and run-down in a cramped and run-down building . stack of folder pile high in front of she . she just sit behind she desk , wait for he laugh fit to end , she 's be through this before . finally it subside . joker take a deep breath , pause to see if it 's over . beat . joker -- be it just I , or be it get crazier out there ? despite the laughter , there 's real pain in he eye . something break in he . look like he have not sleep in day . social worker it 's certainly tense . people be upset , they be struggle . look for work . the garbage strike seem like it 's be go on forever . this be tough time . ( then ) how ' bout you . how 's the job ? still enjoy it ? joker yeah , I mean , it 's different each day , so I really like that . I do not think I could ever work in a office . behind a desk . ( more ) 2 . joker ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) no offense . she smile . write something down . look at the clock , she 's run late for she next appointment . social worker have you be keep up with you journal ? joker everyday . social worker great . do you bring it with you ? beat . joker ( dodging the subject ) I be sorry . do I bring what ? social worker ( impatient ; she do not have time for this ) Arthur , last time I ask you to bring you journal with you . for this appointment . do you have it ? joker yes mar 'am . beat . social worker can I see it ? he reluctantly reach into he bag . pull out a weathered notebook . slide it across to she -- joker I have be use it as a journal , but also a joke diary . funny thought or , or observation -- do I tell you I be pursue a career in stand - up comedy ? she 's half - listen as she flip through he journal . social worker no . you do not . joker I think I do . 3. she do not respond , keep flipping through he journal -- social worker oh yeah . because of what you mother say , -- about you purpose . " to bring laughter and joy to the world , " right ? joker right . angle on journal , page and page of note , all in neat , angry -look handwrite . also , cut out photo from hardcore pornographic magazine and some crude handmade drawing . a flash of anger cross joker 's face . we see he pick at he right eyebrow , almost obsessively . try to stay calm . his eyebrow be actually half - go . something he do a lot . joker I do not realize you want to read it . the social worker give he a look , then read something in the page that give she pause . social worker ( read out loud ) " I just hope my death make more sense than my life . " she look up at joker . he just stare back . let it hang out there for a beat . then he laugh a little , even though he do not think it 's funny -- joker yeah . I mean , that 's just -- social worker do my read it upset you ? he lean in . joker no . I just , -- some of it 's personal . you know ? social worker I understand . I just want to make sure you be keep up with it . she slide he journal back to he . he hold it in he lap . 4. social worker what about you mom ? how 's she feel ? joker she have good day . but mostly bad . it 's be a big help have I there . she really need I . social worker seem like she 's be sick a lot since you get home . joker ( nod ) yeah , it 's good I be there . when I be in the hospital , after my last episode -- she be have trouble get over there to visit . she look back up at the clock , she need to get to she next appointment . social worker all right . so , I will see you again , two week from today ? he nod . but keep sit there for a moment . she stand up , try to signal it 's time for he to leave -- social worker be there something else I can help you with , Arthur ? my next appointment be wait . he just keep sit there . joker yeah , I be wonder if you could ask the doctor to increase the dosage on my medication ? nothing seem to make a difference . social worker ( look over he record ) do you know which one you would like increase ? shake he head , no . social worker have you be sleep ? 5 . joker ( lie ) some . she glance at he file again . social worker Arthur , you be on seven different medication . surely they must be do something . he finally stand up . Zip up he fade red sweatshirt . look at she -- joker I just do not wanna feel so bad anymore . CUT to black : title : joker 2 ext . gotham square , midtown - kenny' music shop - day 2 gotham square be clogged with traffic . non-stop honk horn , pedestrian crowd the sidewalk . huge billboard , giant movie marquee , garbage bag pile high everywhere . underneath it all we hear a tinkling piano play something bouncy and fast - pace . from across the busy CITY STREET , we see joker . he 's dress as a sad - face hobo clown . this be he job . dress in tatter clothes , dark five o'clock shadow paint on he face , big bulbous red nose , he mouth 's outline in white , turn down at the corner . he 's hold up a sign in front of Kenny 's Music shop that read , " everything must go ! " a banner above the store read , " go out of business ! " behind he , a old man play a piano on the street . both of they there to draw attention to the big sale go on in the store . joker 's do a little Charlie chaplin like waddle to the music . most people walk right past , ignore he . a few bump into he by mistake . joker sees a group of five boy , no more than 15 - year - old , walk toward he . he move out of they way . they crack up laugh when they see he . start make fun of he . 6 . joker ignore they , try to do he job the best he can while maintain some dignity . keeps dance and hold up the sign . one of the kid knock the sign out of joker 's hand -- kid # 1 suck my dick , clown . the kid laugh . joker do not say anything . just bend over to pick up the sign -- another kid kick he in the ass -- kid # 2 whoops . joker fall face first onto the sidewalk . oddly , the old man play the piano pick up the pace of the music -- the kid crack up . one of the boy grab joker 's sign and take off run across the street -- the other kid follow , weaving through traffic -- joker get up and give chase . he need he sign back . he almost get hit by a taxi , spin out of the way just in time -- spin right into another taxi that stop just short of hit he . joker keep run through traffic . people stare . a clown barrel down the street have get to be a joke -- 3 ext . corner , side STREET - gotham square - continuous 3 the five boy be book it down the crowded street laugh and whooping it up . at the last second they take a sharp right turn down a cross street -- joker almost overshoot the corner , slip-slide in he big red shoe -- he rights himself and head down after they -- see they run up ahead -- whap ! out of nowhere joker get hit in the face ! he fall to the ground . one of the kid be hide between park car and hit joker with the " everything must go ! " sign , splintering it in two -- 7. the other kid turn back and walk up to joker down on the ground . joker reach out , still try to save the sign -- the kide start kicking and beat the shit out of joker . it 's brutal and vicious . nobody on the street stop to help . close on joker' hobo clown face , down on the ground . sweat run down he face , smear he make -up . he do not even look like he 's in pain . he just take the beat . that stupid frown paint on he face . 4 int . CITY bus ( pulling out ) - heading downtown - dusk 4 joker , make he way toward the back of the crowded bus , now walk with a slight limp , but keep he head hold high . his make - up 's wash off , costume and prop all shove into a big shopping bag sling over he shoulder . some white grease - paint still smudge on the side of he face . he find a empty seat in the back of the bus . see a sad - eye four - year -old girl , face puffy from cry , sit on she knee look back at he . her mother 's face forward , but even from behind you can tell she 's angry . joker see the sad-ey girl stare straight back at he . he do not know where to look , feel self - conscious and small . he get back into " character " smile like a clown and cover he face with he hand -- start play the peek - a- boo game with she . the girl stare back at he for a moment then giggle -- woman on bus ( turn back to joker ; already annoyed ) can you please stop bother my kid ? joker I be not bother she , I be -- woman on bus ( interrupt ) just stop . and suddenly joker start to laugh . loud . he cover he mouth try to hide it -- shake he head , laughter pause for a moment , but then it come on stronger . his eye be sad . it actually look like the laughter cause he pain . 8. people on the bus be stare . the girl look like she 's go to cry again . woman on bus you think that 's funny ? joker shake he head no , but he can not stop laugh . he reach in he pocket and pull out a small card . hand it to the woman . close on the card , it read : " forgive my laughter . I have a condition ( more on back ) " she turn the card over and there be a bunch of information in small write -- " it 's a medical condition cause sudden , frequent , uncontrollable laughter that do not match how you feel . it can happen in people with a brain injury or certain neurological condition . " she do not read it ( but if you freeze frame the movie you could ) . she just shake she head annoyed and throw the card on the ground . joker laugh harder . tear run down he face . not want to attract any more attention to himself , he pull up he red hood , and use he threadbare scarf to cover he mouth , try to muffle the laughter . he look out at the city pass he by . 5 ext . lower east side , street - gotham - evening 5 the bus pull away , sun almost go . joker head slowly down the litter - cover street . garbage be pile along the sidewalk , the air thick with smog create a haze over everything . the street be crowded with the poor , the elderly and disenfranchise . woman with child in bust stroller . homeless people sleep on subway grate . stray dog . his be one of the few white face . joker make he way into a run-down drug store , behind he two drunk fight on the corner , beat the shit out of each other . joker , and nobody else for that matter , pay they any attention . no one here give a shit . 9. 6 int . lobby , apartment build - evening 6 a shabby lobby in a building that be once probably pretty nice , but now it 's a dump . joker check he mailbox . he 's hold a small white ( prescription ) bag in he hand . the mailbox be empty . 7 int . elevator , apartment build - continuous 7 joker step onto the wheeze elevator , harsh fluorescent light , graffiti on the wall . as the door close , he hear -- sophie ( os ) wait !! he put he foot out with some panache to stop the close door -- he 's a romantic at heart . ding . and sophie dumond ( late 20' ) , tired eye , hand fill with grocery bag , step onto the elevator with gigi , she 5 - year - old daughter . sophie thank you . ( realize ) of course it 's you , -- everyone else in this building be just so fuck rude . joker nod " thanks . " hold he breath , hope he do not start to laugh . floor ding as the elevator rise . joker see gigi lick the dirty smudge elevator handrail behind she mom . sophie how 's you mom do ? he take a deep breath , he 's uncomfortable talk to she , hold up the white prescription bag . joker it 's day to day . I be do everything I can to get she back on she foot . ( be : pharmacy bag ) picked up she medicine . gonna make she some dinner . 10 . sophie ( smile ; be polite ) she 's lucky she have you -- joker smile thanks , can not help but glance at gigi lick the rail . Sophie finally notice . she want to grab she but can not with she hand full . tries to kick she away -- sophie Jesus . do not do that , gigi ! how many time have I tell you that ? ( to joker ) this building be so awful , be not it ? joker just nod ... he do not know what to say , but clearly want to continue this conversation with Sophie . the door open . they all step off . sophie okay . well , tell you mom I say hello . and Sophie and gigi walk down the hall -- the opposite way of joker . he just stand there for a beat . heart beat fast . joker ( call out after she ) hey Sophie -- she turn around . joker I will tell my mom you say hello . she smile as in " yeah , that 's what I say . " 8 int . mom' apartment , front door - evening 8 Old apartment , wear carpet . nothing 's new inside but it 's fairly neat and well - keep . joker close the door behind he , lean he back against it and swoon . hear a deep purring sound . he look down and see a old orange cat , rub up against he leg . then -- 11 . mom ( os ) ( shatter the moment , call out ) happy ?! do you check the mail before you come up ? joker yes , ma. nothing . no letter . mom ( os ) you sure you look ? sometimes I do not know where you head be . joker glance back down and see the cat be go . joker yes I be sure . and my head 's right here . I be gonna make you some dinner , okay ? quick cut : joker tear OPEN the prescription bag ... a flurry of pill bottle tumble out onto the counter . see he name , " arthur fleck " on the orange pill bottle , and glimpse the generic drug name , temazepam ... perphenazine ... ahenelzine ... amitriptyline ... benzedrine ... diazepam ... meprobamate ... take out one pill from each the temazepam and meprobamate bottle . two pill be crushed up to powder . sprinkle the powder on top of a tv dinner . swallows a handful of pill from the other bottle . look down and smile at the orange cat looking up at he from the counter . 9 int . mom' bedroom , apartment - night 9 joker bring the food to he mother , penny ( 70' ) , lie in she bed . the tv be on , play the local news . joker set the food down in front of he mother . he cover the pain from he beat the best he can -- his mother do not seem to notice anyway . mom he must not be get my letter . 12 . joker sit down on a chair next to the bed . joker he 's a busy man . mom too busy for I ? I work for that family for 12 year . he always have a smile for I . least he could do be write back . joker ma , eat . you need to eat . mom you need to eat . look how skinny you be . before joker can say anything , he mother point to the news on the tv -- mom all day long it 's more bad news . that 's all there be . joker maybe you should not watch so much television . mom ( ignore ) he 's the only hope for gotham . he will make a great mayor . everybody say so . joker ( playful ) everybody who ? who do you talk to ? mom well everybody on the news . joker stop it . he 's not even gonna run . why would Thomas Wayne want to be mayor ? he can do more good as a businessman . mom because he care about this city . and everyone in it -- that 's why I can not believe he have not write I back . 13. joker he will . now eat some dinner . he feed she a bite of the food . joker how you feel today ? mom I do not know . it always hit I worse at night , you notice that ? he shake he head . joker ( teasing ) maybe it 's the moon . maybe you be a werewolf ? he howl softly like a wolf . she laugh . mom it 's not funny . joker watch she as he cut up some more of she food . mom anyway , I write a new letter today . a better one . I want you to hand deliver it to he . joker what ? why ? mom Cause maybe the mailman be throw they away . we should have tip he at Christmas time . joker who tip they mailman ? mom some people do . Rich people do . joker sigh , resign . joker okay . I can try he office . tomorrow . 14 . mom thank you . ( she pat the bed ) come sit . it 's almost on . joker get into bed with she . close on television , intro to " live with murray franklin ! " , and we hear the announcer over clip of comedy bit , star and Murray Franklin himself -- announcer ( on tv ) it 's live with Murray Franklin ! tonight Murray welcome , Sandra winger , comedian skip Byron and the piano styling of yeldon &amp ; chantel ! as always , Don Ellis and he Jazz orchestra . and now , without any further ado -- Murray Franklin ! joker and he mom watch from bed , this be a ritual of theirs . 10 int . live room , mom' apartment - night 10 late night . joker 's mom be dead asleep . joker be alone in the live room , which double as he bedroom . he can not ever sleep . he open he wear notebook . flip to a page title " joke " and start write -- close on word , as he slowly write : " the worst part about have a mental illness be ... " angle on joker , pause , think it over for a moment . then he laugh to himself when he come up with something . close on word , come faster now , " ... that people still expect you to behave as if you do not . " CUT to : 11 ext . wayne tower , STREET - midtown - morning 11 joker 's look up at the intimidating steel and glass tower , he look so small , hold he mom 's letter in he hand . bustle of professional come in and out of the company 's corporate headquarters , joker look out of place . he head inside through the giant glass door . 15 . 12 int . reception , wayne enterprise - 25 th floor - morning 12 joker step off a elevator and walk up to the white marble reception desk as if he belong there -- joker hello . I have a personal letter for Mr. Thomas Wayne . receptionist okay . you can leave it with I . joker it 's kind of important . I need to make sure he get it himself . receptionist oh , in that case , I will buzz you right in . joker go to enter -- receptionist I be kid . leave it here . he laugh along with she , even though she 's not laugh . joker oh. right -- well , my mom use to work for the Wayne family -- for 12 year . she be they housekeeper . a couple other business people be now wait behind joker , there for meeting . receptionist that 's great . but you can leave it with I or you can leave with the letter . that be you option . now please step aside . joker Mr. Wayne know she . can you maybe at least call back to he ? tell he that I be here . receptionist Thomas Wayne be away on business . joker be get frustrated . joker okay . well , can I have you name ? so I know who I leave it with . 16 . now joker see a group of men walk behind the glass that separate the reception area from the back office . amongst the group , he catch a glimpse of thomas wayne ( 60' ) , deep tan , hair dyed so black it 's almost blue . joker wait . he 's right there . ( go up to the glass , shout ) Mr. Wayne ! Mr. Wayne . he start bang on the glass ... but the group keep move . not notice he . receptionist sir. please stop . Sir !! joker keep bang on the glass . 13 ext . wayne tower , front entrance - morning 13 the glass door swing open and joker be forcibly throw onto the street . two large security guard stand over he . he be still hold the letter . he make as if he 's go to leave peacefully , then at the last minute , take another run at the door -- the two guard stiff arm he . CUT to : 14 int . ha - ha's talent book , locker room - day 14 the cramped locker room of a small talent book agency . this be where joker work . they " rent out " talent for party and event . clown , magician , male stripper . joker take off he shirt , grimace in pain as he move . his body 's bruise from the beat he take chase after he sign . randall ( os ) you okay ? he turn . randall ( mid 50' ) , a big bear of a know - it - all , stand there . he 's a party clown as well . he 's half - dress in he clown suit . 17 . randall I hear about the beat down you take . Fucking savage . joker it be just a bunch of kid . I should have leave it alone . randall open he locker -- randall it 's crazy out there . and it 's only get worse . joker ( nod ) my mother say that the people nowadays lack empathy . randall what 's empathy ? joker it mean like " feel for other people . " randall like sympathy ? joker kind of . but different . randall come over , hand joker a brown paper bag -- joker look inside . it 's a gun , a .38 snub - nose revolver . joker look up at he , confuse -- randall take it . I get a few . you gotta protect yourself out there , buddy . too many wackos . as joker stare at it -- randall ( lower he voice ) it 's a .38 snub-nose . get the job do if you ever need to use it . usually pull it out be enough . joker I , I do not have the money for this , randall . 18. randall do not sweat it . you can pay I some other time . you be my boy . that land with joker , he smile to himself . randall ( as he walk away ) but you do not get it from I , okay ? joker nod . put the brown paper bag in he locker . slowly start to get dress -- he eye darting toward the bag as he do . another clown , gary ( 30' ) , a dwarf , pop he head into the locker room . gary Arthur , -- hoyt want to see you in he office . joker what for ? gary no clue . 15 int . front office , ha-ha' talent book - day 15 joker still half - dress , walk into the cramped office . his boss , hoyt vaughn ( 60' ) sit behind a metal desk . the office be a complete mess , newspaper and file litter the desk . a giant ashtray fill with cigarette butt . a calendar of book hang on the wall . a scribble , jumble mess . joker hey hoyt . Gary say you want to see I ? hoyt ( without even look up ) how 's the comedy career ? be you a famous stand - up yet ? joker not quite . have not even perform yet . just be work my material . this business be all about fine - tuning . now hoyt look up . take a drag from he cigarette . 19 . hoyt right . joker go to sit down -- hoyt do not sit . this will be quick . joker stop in he track . hoyt look , I like you , Arthur . a lot of the guy here , they think you be a freak . but I like you . I do not even know why I like you . I mean , you do not say much . ( beat ) it 's probably that stupid laugh . it get I every time . kill I . unsure how to respond , joker just nod . hoyt but I get another complaint . and it 's start to piss I off . joker take a deep breath , maybe pick at he eyebrow . hoyt Kenny 's Music . Sunday . the guy say you disappear . never even return he sign . joker no . I get jump . I tell you about that . hoyt for a sign ? bullshit . it make no sense , just give he he sign back . he 's go out of business for god 's -- bang ! out of nowhere , joker slam he head into the wall . head-butte it hard . hoyt ( take aback ) hey ! bang ! bang ! he do it two more time . break the plaster on the wall -- 20 . hoyt what the fuck , Arthur ?! joker ( voice tighten ) I do not have he sign . and joker just stare at hoyt , some blood form on he forehead -- CUT to : 16 ext . back alley , outside ha - ha's - amusement mile - day 16 we're at the far end of a alley , about halfway down , catch a glimpse of joker still half - dress on the other side of a dumpster . from this vantage , all we can see be he furiously kicking and stomping on something ... or somebody . we do not hear anything . and we can not make out what it be that he 's so violently beat down . it could be a cat ... a cardboard box ... a homeless person ... we do not know . joker just continue unleash he rage -- 17 int . CITY bus ( moving ) - dusk 17 joker at the end of he work day , sit in he spot toward the back of the bus . across the aisle from he , he 's innocently watch a young couple , playfully teasing each other . 18 ext . gotham , lower east side - evening 18 joker head back home down the litter - cover street like he do every night . garbage still pile along the sidewalk , air still thick with smog . he 's carry the paper bag that randall give he . 19 int . lobby , apartment build - evening 19 joker check he mailbox . empty . 21 . 20 int . elevator , apartment build - continuous 20 joker be on the elevator , as the door close , he stick he foot out to stop it . the door limp back open . ding . he look to see if anybody , if Sophie , be come . he wait . hope . the door start to close on he again -- right before it do , he stop it with he foot again . ding . 21 int . mom' apartment , bathroom - night 21 joker' giving he mom a bath , be careful with she as he shampoos she hair . mom -- so what do he say when you give he the letter ? joker they would not let I see he . ( lie ) but they promise I it would get to he . mom it 's good they promise . he only work with the best . we should hear something soon . he fill a empty plastic container with some bath water . joker look up . she tilt she head back and he rinse she hair with the water from the container ... joker why be this letter so important to you , ma ? what do you think he 's gonna do ? mom he 's gonna help we . joker help we how ? 22. mom get we out of here , take I away from this place and this -- this awful people . joker you work for he over 30 year ago . what make you think he would help you ? she look at he with conviction . mom because Thomas Wayne be a good man . if he know how I be live , if he see this place , it would make he sick . I can not explain it to you any better than that . joker nod . annoy , but not worth the argument . he stand up to get she a towel . joker I do not want you worry about money . everyone 's be tell I they think my stand - up be ready for the big club . it 's just a matter of time before I get a break . she step into the towel . he 's help dry she off . mom happy , what make you think you could do that ? joker what do you mean ? mom I mean , do not you have to be funny to be a comedian ? beat . 22 int . mom' bedroom , apartment - late night 22 joker 's mom be out cold in she bedroom , a half - eat plate of food be next to she on the bed . 23. 23 int . live room , mom' apartment - continuous 23 joker sit on the couch . the tv be on , but the sound be off . he hold the .38 snub - nose revolver randall give he in he hand . he 's never hold a gun before , look uncomfortable with it , the weight of it in he hand ... he point it at the tv , hand tremble a bit ... point it at the cat ... point it at he head . look closely at the grip . the barrel . the cylinder . now he casually pull the trigger -- blammmmmmm ! he jump up off the couch . what the fuck !? he look around in a panic . his hand shaking . he shot a hole in the wall . mom ( os ) ( awoken by the shot ) happy !? what be that ? joker what ?! he quickly turn up the tv volume . really loud . shove the still smoking gun under the couch cushion . mom ( os ) that noise ! did you hear that noise ? he 's inspect the hole in the wall . shout back over the tv noise -- joker i'm watching a old war movie . mom ( os ) turn it down ! he head for he mother 's bedroom . 24 int . mom' bedroom , doorway - continuous 24 joker look in on he mom in she dark bedroom , can make out the outline of she body sit up . mom it 's so loud . 24 . joker I know . the Americans be really give it to the jap . he walk over to she in the darkness . kiss she on the forehead . joker ( softly ) I be sorry . I will turn it down . 25 int . kitchen , mom' apartment - late night 25 joker be write in he journal . he speak softly to himself as he write ... joker why do not randall tell I the gun be load ? he 's my friend . with my luck , I could have kill someone . ( beat ) I could have kill myself . close on the last line , he cross out " could " ... write ... " should " . joker ( still to himself ) I should have kill myself . close on joker as he cross out something again ... joker ( louder to himself ) I should kill myself . beat . 26 ext . STREET , lower east side - morning 26 handheld Pov , see the run-down building where joker life from across the street . reveal , joker be watch he own building on the far side of a park truck . Red hood pull up , cover he head . he wait . watch . now we see Sophie exite the building with she daughter gigi . Sophie 's dress more conservatively than when we previously meet she . 25 . joker start follow they . 27 ext . public school - morning 27 Sophie drop gigi off at school . joker 's still watch . follow . 28 ext . elevate subway platform - morning 28 Sophie wait on the platform . light a cigarette . we see joker , hide behind a steel support beam -- watch she from a distance . 29 int . subway ( moving ) - morning 29 joker stand at the window between two subway car . just watch Sophie as she read a book in the next car . the train come to a stop and she exit . joker exit as well . 30 ext . STREET , upper east side - morning 30 nicer part of gotham . joker follow Sophie from a distance , watch as she walk into gotham first National Bank . see she say hello to the guard . this be where she work . joker just watch and wait . 31 int . gotham first national - later 31 a large , mid-level bank . Sophie be one of three bank tellers work behind the plexiglass window . joker pull the hood back off he head , take a deep breath before he walk up to she window . she be look down , count she drawer . take another deep breath . then -- joker hello . I would like to open a account . she look up . sophie ( surprised ) hey , what be you do up here ? 26 . joker oh , hi . that 's weird . ( pause to see if he 's gonna laugh ; he 's good ) I do not know you work at a bank . sophie pretty glamorous , right ? not get the sarcasm , joker nod . look around . joker very glamorous . look at this place . she laugh . he stand there awkwardly for a moment look around to see what she 's laugh about . realize she think he be make a joke . beat . joker I be a comedian . I do stand - up comedy . sophie really ? I have no idea . joker yeah . you know , I be always make funny observation . always on the look out for my next bit -- so it make sense . sophie right . anyway , be there something I could help you with ? beat . joker I say hi to my mom . sophie Excuse I ? joker last week . you say to say hi to my mom . I do . make she day . they be interrupt by the branch manager ( 50' ) , white , heavy - set , who have come up behind Sophie - - 27 . branch manager everything okay here ? he put he heavy hand on Sophie 's shoulder . she practically shudder from he touch . sophie everything be fine Mr. slotnick . now he lean down and whisper something in she ear -- joker just watch through the glass . sophie ( shake she head ; to she manager ) no . he 's not . he 's interested in open a account . branch manager ( to joker ) great . you just need to fill out a form . they be back there -- against the wall . as the manager talk , Sophie make wide eye at joker , like " I almost get in trouble . " joker ( cover ; try to act cool ) okay . thank you , sir . and thank you as well , miss . joker walk back to the wall by the form . he fumble around for a minute , clearly not there to open a account . he begin fill out a form . then -- joker ( shout out , to no one in particular ) you know what ?! I forget my id ! i'll be back . thank you . he walk out of the bank . head in the cloud . 32 int . gotham comedy club , chinatown - night 32 joker sit in the middle of a dark , crowded comedy club . people on date . group of friend . all here to watch the stand -up . he sit at a small table by himself , watch the act on stage . 28 . the comic on stage be kill it . the whole room be laugh and applaud . everyone except joker . he 's watch . study . diligently jotting down note in he notebook . 33 ext . gotham comedy club , STREET - chinatown - night 33 people be pile out of the club , onto the narrow street , jumble of light - up sign , most glow yellow or red . joker walk out alone , carry he notebook . he see a flyer tape to the entrance of the club . close on the flyer , " open mic night . thursdays . 10 pm . " he rip the flyer off the wall . 34 int . ha - ha's talent book , locker room - day 34 joker be work on he " Mr. jingle " clown look , use the small mirror in he locker . behind he a couple of other clown be eat they lunch at a small table , not pay joker any attention . joker pause half - finish , and stare at himself for a beat . he start to examine the two small scar on the corner of he mouth , we really notice how they form a smile . joker hook the corner of he mouth down with he index finger , turn he smile into a frown -- he let go and he smile return . do it again , up and down , up and down , he face a live comedy / tragedy mask . and then he pull he finger wider , stretch he smile into a grotesque parody , pull he mouth so wide tear come to he eye -- and we hear joker singing " if you be happy and you know it " at he next gig . joker ( pre - lap ) ( sing ) -- if you be happy and you know it and you really want to show it , if you be happy and you know it clap you hand . 29 . 35 int . gotham general - child be ward - evening 35 joker be perform for a ward full of sick child , wear a oversize white lab coat over he " Mr. jingle " clown costume . a few nurse and doctor watch as well . his white clown face , mouth outline in black and fill in with red , he green wig frizzy and wear out . joker play a ukulele along with the song . joker if you be happy and you know it , stomp you foot . joker and the kid stomp and sing along . joker if you be happy and you know it , stomp you foot . ( stomp , stomp ) if you be happy and you know it and you really want to show it , if you be happy and you know it stomp you foot . as the song wind down , the kide and nurse clap . joker take a exaggerated and ridiculous bow -- and as he do , he .38 snub - nose revolver slip out of he pants and slide across the floor . everyone stop . look at the gun on the floor . 36 int . lobby , gotham general - later 36 joker be on a payphone in the lobby of the hospital . he 's in he street clothes , wig in he hand , clown - face still paint on . joker ( into phone ) hoyt , let I explain . hoyt ( over phone ) oh , this will be good . please tell I why you bring a gun into a sick kid 's ward ? joker ( into phone ) it be , it be a prop gun . it 's part of my act now . 30 . hoyt ( over phone ) bullshit . jingle would never carry a fuck gun . besides , randall tell I you try to buy a .38 off he last week . joker 's take aback that randall would do that to he . joker ( into phone ) randall tell you that ? hoyt ( over phone ) he be with I when the call come in . you be a fuck up , Arthur . and a liar . you be fire . joker ( into phone ) hoyt -- hoyt ( over phone ) say it , Arthur . ( beat ) let I hear you say it . joker ( into phone ) say what ? hoyt ( over phone ) I be a fuck up and I be fire . joker pick at he eyebrow . joker ( into phone ; low ) -- I be a fuck up and I be fire . hoyt ( over phone ) louder . joker ( into phone ; louder ) I be a fuck up and I be fire . hoyt ( over phone ) yes . you be . click . he hear hoyt hang up . beat . 31 . 37 int . subway ( moving ) - night 37 joker sit on the subway contemplating what just went down , face still paint , he bag on the seat next to he , along with he wig . there 's only one other person on the subway car , a young woman ( 30' ) sit at the far end -- read a book . the train come to a stop and three wall STREET guy enter . they be be loud and obnoxious , clearly drunk . one of they be eat some french fries out of a greasy McDonald 's bag . he flop down on the bench across from the girl and check she out . the other two guy start get into it with each other -- wall STREET # 1 -- I be tell you , she want my number . we should have just stay . the train start move again ... wall STREET # 2 you be dream , man . she be not interested -- at all . wall STREET # 1 be you nut ? do you see how close we be dance !? she be in love , bro . he start dance a bit with himself , mimick what he remember . Wall Street # 2 take a swig from the brown bag he be carry . wall STREET # 2 she could not wait to get away from you . joker be watch they closely , impressed by they confidence and easy - go camaraderie . wall STREET # 1 ( to the third guy ) Ryan , be I crazy ? tell he what you see . but the third Wall Street guy be not pay he friend any attention . he have he eye set on the young woman sit across from he , read she book . wall STREET # 3 ( to the girl ) hey . you want some french fries ? 32 . he hold out he McDonald 's bag and shake it to get she attention . the other two share a look . joker watch from he seat . wall STREET # 3 hello ? I be talk to you . you want some fries ? she look up and shake she head , polite smile . young woman no thank you . the other two guy crack up at this apparent blow -off . the third Wall Street guy shake he head , embarrassed , and start softly fling fries at the young woman . wall STREET # 3 you sure ? they be really good . she just bury she face deeper in she book -- wall STREET # 2 do not ignore he . he 's be nice to you . one of the french fries land in she hair . she look down toward joker , look to see if he 's go to do something or say something -- joker just sit there nervous . not sure what to do , or even if he want to do anything at all . and he just burst out laughing . he cover he mouth with he hand as they continue to harass the woman . they all look over -- what the fuck be this clown laugh at ? wall STREET # 1 something funny , asshole ? with they attention divert , the young woman rush out through the door between subway car , glance back at joker before she go -- wall STREET # 3 ( shout after she ) bitch ! joker laugh even harder through he hand . the Wall Street guy turn to he sit by himself at the end of the car -- 33. joker see they stare . look down at the ground , hand still cover he mouth , face turn red . Subway sway , light flicker on and off . beat . one of the guy head down the car toward joker , start sing " send in the clown " as he approach -- wall STREET # 1 ( sing ) be not it rich ? be we a pair ? I here , at last on the ground you in mid-air send in the clown . the other crack up and follow after he . the guy plop down next to joker , put he arm around he shoulder as he sing -- joker ( shake he head , stifling the laughter ) please . do not . wall STREET # 1 ( continue sing to he ) be not it bliss ? do not you approve ? one who keep tear around , one who can not move . joker start to get up -- the lead guy pull he back down . wall STREET # 1 where be the clown ? there ought to be clown . as he finish the song , joker 's laugh fit be come to a end . one of the other guy sit down on the other side of he . he 's now sandwich in between they -- wall STREET # 2 so tell we , buddy . what 's so fuck funny ? joker nothing . I have a condition -- joker reach into he bag to get one of he " forgive my laughter " card , the third guy see he reach and try to grab the bag from he --- joker pull on it -- 34 . joker no . it 's just my stuff . I do not have anything . the guy rip the bag from he hand -- wall STREET # 3 I will tell you what you have , asshole . joker get up from between they to go grab he bag back . the two guy be crack up . wall STREET # 3 you want it back ? here -- joker reach out to grab the bag -- and the guy toss it over he head to one of he friend . keeping it away from joker . Three guy in suit toss a bag around , play ' monkey in the middle ' with a clown . the light on the train seem to glow brighter and we hear the drum roll open to bobby short sing " send in the clown " live at the café carlyle . joker keep try to catch he bag until suddenly -- whap ! out of nowhere one of the guy punch he hard in the face . joker go down as if in slow motion . blood come from he nose . he try to get up , but he foot slip from under he and he fall back down -- wall STREET # 1 stay down you freak . and the third Wall Street guy start kick he -- the other join in . surround joker on the ground , kick he deliberately , sadistically , and the music swell -- blam ! suddenly the light go back dim , and one of the guy stop kick and fall back dead . blood splattering on the subway wall behind he -- and we hear Bobby short sing out , pick up from where the Wall Street guy leave off -- 35 . bobby short ( singing ) just when I would stop open door finally knowin ' the one that I want be yours blam ! blam ! Wall Street # 2 go down -- revealing joker on the ground , open he eye to see what he do , smoking gun in he hand -- bobby short ( singing ) make my entrance again with my usual flair sure of my line no one be there the third guy take off run for the door that separate the car . joker start after he , but then stop ... turn back to grab he bag and he wig , he hand shaking from the adrenaline . the train be come to a stop . bobby short ( singing ) do not you love farce ? my fault I fear ... joker pick up he bag between the two dead body , blood everywhere ... the subway door wheeze open and joker step halfway off the train , wait to see if the third Wall Street guy get off in the car ahead of he . joker see he run off -- 38 ext . subway platform - continuous 38 the platform be empty , the Wall Street guy be run toward the stair -- joker follow -- behind they , the train pull away -- bobby short ( singing ) I think that you would want what I want . sorry , my dear . the guy make he way to the stair , unaware that joker be behind he -- blam ! 36 . the third guy fall , tumble down the stair . joker walk over to the body and empty the chamber -- blam ! blam ! bobby short ( singing ) but where be the clown ? Quick , send in the clown do not bother they be here . and as " send in the clown " end , joker fire the last shot -- blam ! he 's get nothing leave . 39 ext . STREET , robinson square park - night 39 joker haul ass out of the subway and make a mad dash across a busy street , horn honk -- running as fast as he can past pile of garbage , he take a sharp turn high - tailing into a small , run-down needle park , disappear into the darkness . 40 int . public bathroom , robinson square park - night 40 joker run into the bathroom , lock the door behind he and suddenly everything hit he all at once -- he throw up into the dirty toilet , puke he gut out -- he finish , wipe he mouth with the back of he hand . and pull the gun out of he waist , look around for someplace to throw it out . under the sink he see a rusted , metal grate hang off the wall cover some pipe . before he bend down , joker catch he reflection in the smudge mirror . see himself hold the gun in he hand -- beat . he raise the gun to he head and pull the trigger -- click . it 's empty . he get down on he knee , sweat drip off he face , pull the grate away from the wall . and toss the gun away inside . move the grate back in place . joker stand back up and turn on the faucet . rinse out he mouth . look at he smudge reflection as he start wash the clown make - up off he sweaty face -- 37 . joker hi . do you like to laugh ? Water drip , white grease paint run off he face -- joker remember how I tell you that I be a stand - up comedian ? ( again ) hi. how be you ? beat . 41 int . apartment build , lobby - later 41 joker enter he building with great urgency . no time for the elevator , he take the stair . two at a time . he race up the stairwell . 42 int . hallway , apartment build - continuous 42 when he get to he floor , instead of make a leave toward he apartment -- he make a right , toward Sophie 's . he stop at she door . out of breath . knock . he hear footstep . quickly pull the fold - up flyer out of he pocket . the peephole in the door go dark and then light again . he hear lock unlock . Sophie open the door halfway -- joker look down at he foot -- joker hi . do you like to laugh ? sophie what ? joker ( continue without take a breath ) remember the other day when I tell you about my stand - up comedy . well , I be do a set next Thursday and I be invite a bunch of my friend and I be wonder if maybe you want to come and check it out . 38 . he reach out to give Sophie the flyer , she open the door wider -- he notice she face , see she eye be red . joker be you cry ? why be you cry ? beat . sophie I have a bad day . joker I be sorry . I , I do not -- sophie it 's okay . how would you know . joker what happen ? sophie I get fire . from the bank . joker take a deep breath and smile without realize it , hope he do not start to laugh . joker what for ? sophie because , -- I do not know . it do not fuck matter . I do not know what I be gonna do . and she start cry again . joker do not move . just stand in the doorway awkward . joker ( finally ) okay . well , all the info be right there on the flyer . he start to walk away , then turn back to she -- joker you know they say laughter be the best medicine . Sophie wipe she eye and manage a smile . sophie be that what they say ? 39 . joker just nod yes and walk back toward he mother 's apartment . 43 int . dept . of health , office - morning 43 joker sit across from the same Social Worker from the open scene . same depress office . she stare at he for a beat , clearly annoyed . social worker we speak about this last time , Arthur . you be suppose to bring you journal with you . joker well I do not think you be go to read it . social worker you say it do not bother you . joker I lie . everything bother I . social worker what about it bother you ? joker it 's personal . it 's my private thought . plus it contain original comedy material that I do not feel comfortable hand over to you . she look at he and shake she head . not in the mood to deal with this . social worker Arthur , I have some bad news for you . he look up , intrigue . social worker they have cut we funding . we be close down we office next week . he look around , just notice some moving box stack against the wall . joker so where will we be meeting ? 40 . social worker we will not be . the city 's cut funding across the board . Social service be part of that . joker nod , not hat the idea . joker okay . social worker they do not give a shit about people like you , Arthur . you do not have a voice and they do not really care what happen to you or to we for that matter . he sit there for a moment . and then it dawns on he -- joker how be I gonna get my medication ? beat . 44 int . mom' apartment , kitchen - morning 44 close on a couple of pill , as they get crush up . close on the residue , as it 's sprinkle on top of a bowl of oatmeal . mom ( os ) happy ! come in here . Thomas Wayne be on tv . joker take a couple of pill for himself . look inside . not many leave . he look over at the orange cat sit on the counter , purring loudly , watch he . mom ( os ) Quick ! come . 45 int . mom' bedroom , apartment - continuous 45 joker walk in carry she breakfast . she wave he over to she bed . mom they be interview he about that horrible murder on the subway last week . 41 . joker why be they talk to he ? his mother shush he . joker sit on the end of the bed next to she . it 's one of that " good Morning , gotham " show . thomas wayne ( on tv ) -- as you know , Jerry , all three of they work at Wayne investment , and they be the best of the best . solid young man . a small smirk register on joker 's face when photo of the three wall STREET guy come up on the screen . thomas wayne ( on tv ) and while I do not know they personally , like all Wayne employee , past and present , they be family . joker 's mom perk up at that -- mom you hear that ! I tell you . we be family . angle on television , footage of graffiti around the city . " kill the rich " spray paint on a storefront . " F ck wall STREET " write on a subway wall . " resist " scrawle across a billboard . " good morning " host ( on tv ) there now seem to be a groundswell of anti-rich sentiment in the city . it 's almost as if we less fortunate resident have take the side of the killer . thomas wayne ( on tv ) yes and it 's a shame . it 's one of the reason I be consider a run for mayor . gotham have lose its way . " good morning " host ( on tv ) be you announce you candidacy ? thomas wayne ( on tv ) ( smile ) no comment . we hear he mother gasp , excited . 42 . " good morning " host ( on tv ) what about the eyewitness report of the suspect be a man in clown make - up or a clown mask -- Care to comment on that ? joker lean in , intrigue . the camera zoom in closer to Thomas Wayne on the screen ... thomas wayne ( on tv ) it make total sense to I . what kind of coward would do something that cold - blooded ? someone who hide behind a mask . someone who 's envious of that more fortunate than themselves , yet too scared to show they own face . ( to camera ) and until that jealousy end , that of we who have make a good life for ourselves will always look at that who have not as nothing but clown . CUT to : 46 int . comedy club , backstage hallway - night 46 joker' Pov , slowly walk down the hall -- as if in slow motion -- toward a curtain at the end , spotlight bleed through , other wannabe comic look at he as he pass -- close on joker , eyeing the other , sweat bead on he forehead -- he get to the curtain , the light , pull he wear joke - notebook out of he back pocket . glancing into the room he see it 's a pretty good crowd . see Sophie take a seat in the back . wheeling back into the dark hallway , he catch he breath in the shadow -- and start banging he head back against the wall -- he hear the emcee from the stage . emcee ( os ) this next comic describe himself as a lifelong gotham resident who from a young age be always tell that " he purpose in life be to bring joy and laughter into this cold , dark world . " ummm . okay . 43. he hear the crowd laugh . emcee ( os ) please help I welcome Arthur fleck ! there be a smatter of applause . CUT to : joker stepping on stage , out under the spotlight , lift the microphone in front of he mouth , the light so bright he can not see face in the dark audience , he hand tremble hold onto he wear notebook -- he take a deep breath , look out at the dark crowd , and open he mouth . and start to laugh . his eye go wide . God no , not now . a terrify look come to he face under the laughter . he just keep laugh . the crowd be just stare back at he . finally he compose himself -- joker ( try to stop himself from laugh ) -- good evening , hello . ( deep breath ; try to stop laugh ) good to be here . ( keep crack up ) I , I hate school as a kid . but my mother would always say , -- ( bad imitation of he mom , still laugh ) " you should enjoy it . one day you will have to work for a live . " ( laugh ) " no I will not , ma. I be gonna be a comedian ! " Dead silence . except for joker , who 's still crack up . CUT to : 47 ext . comedy club , chinatown STREET - night 47 joker and Sophie walk out of the club after the show , the audience trickle out around they . nobody look in joker 's direction , nobody say anything to he , maybe one or two even crack up at he behind he back . garbage bag crowd the narrow street , light up by the bright sign . 44 . joker and Sophie walk a way without say a word . awkward silence . then -- joker so , do you laugh ? really could not see much from up there . Sophie pause , do not know what to say . she light up a cigarette . sophie ( try to be nice ) of course . yeah . you could not hear anything ? joker all I hear be my heart pound . sophie it be good . I really need to get out of my apartment so , thanks . ( beat ) what happen to the rest of you friend ? joker what friend ? sophie do not you say some of you friend be come ? joker ( he forget ; recover ) yeah , I decide not to invite they . as a performer sometimes you want to see how a " real " crowd react . people who do not already love I , or , or have a notion of who I be , you know ? sophie ( nodd ) yeah . I get that . joker smile at the connection . they walk past a newsstand -- a wall of chinese language newspaper mix with local papers and tabloid , scream headline about the three Wall Street guy gun down on the train . joker stop and stare at the headline -- 45 . close on headline , " Subway vigilante " ... " yuppie slaughter " " killer clown on the loose ? " ... sophie ( os ) ( be : the headline ) you believe that shit ? joker yeah , -- I do not know how something like that happen . sophie please . I will bet you five buck that rich asshole deserve it . he turn to she . joker you think ? sophie look at they face . that smug smile . I have see that look . fuck they . Sophie flick she cigarette away and start walk . sophie the guy who do it be a hero . Three less prick in gotham City . woo - hoo ! only a million more to go . joker watch she walk for a beat . joker ( call out to she ) hey . you want to get some coffee ? Sophie turn around and smile . she look great , even in front of the mound of garbage bag that line the sidewalk . a ambulance scream by , siren blaring as Sophie say something that joker do not hear . she keep walk . joker chase after she and trip over a tin garbage can lid -- clang . clang . he fall down flat on he face . Sophie turn and burst out laugh . she can not help but laugh . it 's the first time she 's laugh all night . 46 . 48 int . szechuan ace restaurant , table - night 48 table cover with plate of half - eat chinese food . joker and Sophie sit across from each other , middle of conversation . crowd room , brightly light , look more like a casino . almost everybody eat there be chinese . it 's loud . sophie -- I be tell you , it 's across the board . Wall Street , the bank , politician . they have be make a kill for year . fuck they . joker take a moment to think about what she say . joker I do not know . sophie what do not you know ? joker not all of they be awful . take someone like Thomas Wayne for example . he 's a hero . sophie oh c'mon , he 's the worst ! joker be take aback -- joker Sophie , he 's the only one who can save this city . sophie you can not be serious !? he 's a complete narcissist . brag about he money . meanwhile , the rest of we can barely make rent . or feed we kid . joker nod . think about it . then -- joker what happen ? sophie with what ? 47 . joker with you job . at the bank ? sophie ( suddenly uncomfortable ) oh. yeah , I be , um , -- joker we do not have to talk about it . beat . sophie have you ever be fire before ? joker think it over for a moment . joker every time . sophie and have you ever want to torch the place ? joker ( think it over again ) every time . Sophie smile . sophie right . and this be like the first good job I have in like , year . not waitress or anything like that . it be 9 - 5 . I have benefit . you know what that mean when you have a kid ? joker just look at she , he do not really know what that mean . he just smile . sophie but from the very first day , the manager guy start smile at I , whisper in my ear , touch I , try to get I to sleep with he -- joker ( interrupt ) do you do it ? do you go to bed with he ? 48 . sophie fuck no . the guy 's a fuck pig . so finally I complain to he boss , and they fire I ... and now , now I do not know what to do with myself . joker right . wait , what do you mean ? sophie I finally feel good . like I have a future . a purpose . and now I do not even know how I be gonna pay my rent . and joker start laughing . he put a hand over he mouth try to cover it , but he can not stop crack up -- it 's unsettle and disturbing for Sophie . people eat , waiter in red vest , busboy , all look over and stare at he . a few laugh . joker turn away embarrassed , he look out the plate- glass window , face turn red from laugh so hard -- as he look out , he sees a group of rowdy kide walk down the street . one of they glance back before he turn the corner -- he's wearing a clown mask that look just joker be clown face . and then he 's go . the group disappear around the corner -- joker can not believe he eye , still laugh -- he turn to Sophie who do not see they . just sit there awkwardly wait for it to stop . finally , it subside -- joker ( catch he breath ) I be sorry . I have this thing -- sophie I know . awkward beat . sophie how do you get it ? joker I do not know . I read you can get it from a brain injury or , or a lesion in there . my mom say I be bear this way . bear laugh . 49 . sophie be that why she call you happy ? joker kind of . that actually start when I be a kid . the other kid make fun of I , call I happy -- but not in a good way . I get so sick of it , one day when I be about ten , I , I , -- he smile . sophie what ? joker I take a razor and cut this smile onto my face . ( she 's take aback as he point to the scar ) sort of like " you want happy ? here , how 's this for happy ? " he look down , still smile . she just watch he for a beat . sophie you okay ? joker I have be think about this night my whole life . they just sit there for a beat . quiet . 49 int . mom' apartment , live room - night 49 joker open the door to he mother 's apartment , hold a doggie bag in he hand , see the flicker blue light of the tv on in the live room , hear the end of " live with murray franklin ! " he lock the lock , draw the security chain high on the door . turn to catch a glimpse of he mother passed out in the live room , the cat jump up next to she on the chair . joker watch for a beat as Murray do he signature sign off , the one he 's be do for year -- 50 . murray franklin ( on tv ) ( look into camera ) good night ! and always remember , -- that 's life . joker ( quietly ) " that 's life . " he hear Don Ellis and he Jazz orchestra play the show 's close song -- the instrumental version of Frank Sinatra 's " that 's life " . as the music continue , joker put he face up against he mom 's nose , to see if she 's breathe or if she 's dead . he feel she breath against he cheek . now he pick he mother up in he arm and carry she into she bedroom to the music , almost as if he 's dance with she as he leave the room ... we stay behind . " that 's life " still play from tv . he come back into the live room and turn off the tv . take off he jacket and throw it on the couch . notice something stick out of he jacket pocket . he pull it out . it 's the envelope he be suppose to deliver to Thomas Wayne . he stare at it for a beat . and then -- quietly rip it open , start to read the letter : close on word , " dearest Thomas , I do not know where else to turn ... " " need you help ... " " you have a son . we have a son . his name be Arthur . " stop read , stay on -- " you have a son . " joker staring down at the letter , read that word over and over again -- " you have a son . " CUT to : 51 . 50 int . mom' bedroom , apartment - early morning 50 joker' sitting in a chair in he mother 's room watch she sleep . he have clearly be up all night . still wear the same clothes . he 's hold she letter in he hand as the sun be just start to rise outside the window , light just beginning to crack the gloom . the orange cat sit at he feet stare up at he , will not take she eye off of he . joker impatiently sit there for another moment wait for he mother to wake up , then suddenly -- shriek out at the top of he lung like a teapot , kick he back on the chair like a excited toddler -- his mother wake with a start , look around half asleep and confuse -- joker turn and see the cat run out of the room -- mom -- what , what time be it ? he do not answer . mom what happen ? do you hurt yourself again ? joker hold she letter up in he hand . joker what be this ? how come you never tell I ? mom be , be that my letter ? be that my letter , happy ? joker how could you not tell I , ma ? mom you tell I you drop it off . you have no right open my mail . who do you think you be ? joker ( raise he voice ; excited ) ( more ) 52 . joker ( cont 'd ) apparently I be Thomas Wayne 's son ! how could you keep that from I ? his mother slowly get up out of bed . mom stop yell at I , you be gonna kill I , give I a heart attack ! she go into the bathroom . joker ( shout after she ) I be not yell ! I be just , excited . how can any of this be real !? how can Thomas Wayne be my father ? mom ( os ) ( shout back from behind the door ) I be not talk to you until you calm down . joker sit for a minute then get up and go to she bathroom door . talk to he mother from the behind the close door . joker ( lower he voice ; try to sound calm ) okay . how 's this , Mom ? better ? will you please talk to I ? joker lean in closer to the door . lean against it with just he head -- joker please . mom ( os ) he be a extraordinary man , Arthur . we have a connection . I be so beautiful then . we be in love . joker just lean there , listen . he close he eye , it 's all too much . mom ( os ) his wife could see it . she be jealous from the moment I start work there . she fire I before I even know I be pregnant with you . ( hear she cry now ) ( more ) 53. mom ( os ) ( cont 'd ) and , I never tell he or anybody because , well , you can imagine what people would say about Thomas and I , and , and what they would say about you . joker ( eye still close , head lean against the door ) what would they say , ma ? mom ( os ) that I be a whore , and Thomas Wayne be a fornicator , and that you be a little , unwanted bastard . and the bathroom door suddenly swing OPEN , and joker fall face first into the bathroom -- just miss he mother , crash down onto the floor -- CUT to : 51 ext . boardwalk , amusement mile - morning 51 joker head down the boardwalk toward ha - ha 's , a bounce in he step . loom behind he like the skeleton of monster , a sprawling rickety - look wooden roller coaster and the gigantic steel wonder wheel in the amusement park by the ocean . sound of wave crash , seagull squawk . 52 int . ha - ha's talent book , locker room - morning 52 joker walk into the locker room , see randall half - dress for work , red nose , big pants , big shoe , no wig yet , sit with Gary , two other clowns and a magician around the small table , shoot the shit , drink coffee . they nod hello at joker or give he a perfunctory wave , most of he co- worker think he 's a freak . gary hey Art , I hear what happen -- I be sorry man . randall yeah , hoyt do you wrong , buddy . do not seem fair . 54 . joker look hard at randall for a moment , just slowly nod , and continue on to he locker . he start to clean it out , stuff all of he clown gear into a old brown paper shopping bag . hear they talk about he behind he back , about why he get fire , laugh at he -- ha -ha clown # 1 ( os ) do you really bring a gun to the kid 's hospital , artie ? what the fuck would you do that for ? joker do not answer they , just continue empty he locker , a bag of balloon , a magic wand , some trick flower -- ha -ha clown # 2 no , I hear he pull it out and wave it around like a cowboy . his co- worker crack up . joker answer the guy without look back -- joker it be a prop gun . and I do not pull it out , it fall out . magician so be that part of you new act ? if you sing do not do the trick , you just gonna shoot yourself ? more laughter . ha -ha clown # 2 I think jingle be a lover not a fighter . joker turn and look at all of they , nod at randall -- joker why do not you ask randall about it ? it be he idea . gary ( to randall ) since when do you use a prop gun ? randall what ? I do not . stop talk outta you ass , Art ! ( to the guy ) ( more ) 55 . randall ( cont 'd ) I think all he stupid laugh musta scramble he brain or something . the guy laugh and keep jaw . joker do not say anything . just finish pack he bag and close he locker door -- 53 ext . ha - ha's , back alley - amusement mile boardwalk - morning 53 joker exit the back door hold onto he brown shopping bag under he arm , start down the alley . behind he , randall hustle out and chase down the alley after he , still half - dress for work . randall ( call out ) Art ! hold up , -- as he catch up with joker he red nose fall off , but he 's so out of breath he do not realize he lose it -- randall what the fuck be that about ? beat . joker what ? randall why would you say that ? that , that it be my idea . joker just look back at randall . see he red styrofoam nose bounce down the alley behind he . joker ... randall you do not get it , do you , buddy , that shit that go down on the subway , that 's no joke . they get clown sketches on the front of every fuck paper . it 's just a matter of time before the cop come around . beat . joker I do not know anything about it . 56 . randall ( lean in close ; lower he voice ) Art , you know you be my boy . I be not gonna say shit . I just hope you get rid of that gun . that can not come back on I , okay ? joker randall , I do not shoot anybody . that be not I . and I do not have time for this , I get somebody real important I gotta go see . joker turn to go -- randall you know they be sellin' mask . joker ( turn back around ) what ? randall they be sell mask of you clown face , -- base off the description I guess . it 's like a thing now . joker what be you talk about ? randall there 's a lot of people in this city who be happy you do what you do . if you do it . joker randall . you nose . randall what ? randall touch he face . realize he nose be not there . joker point to randall 's clown nose tumble back down the alley . and randall hustle after it , chase after he red nose blow skip away in the wind -- 54 int . metro train ( moving ) - countryside , outside gotham - 54 next afternoon close on new " killer clown " sketch on front page of that day' tabloid , a more detailed draw . 57 . headline , " killer clown still on the loose ! " sub -head , " ' kill the Rich ' -- a New Movement ? " angle on joker looking down at he notebook , staring at a photograph of thomas wayne ripped out from a magazine , tape to a page . he glance at he distort reflection in the window , take he hand and part he hair to the side , more like Thomas Wayne 's hair . maybe there be a resemblance . wider angle , train be pack with wealthy white businessman and a couple businesswoman head home after work , many of they read the same tabloid . the " killer clown " sketch of joker 's clown face dot the train . no empty seat -- except the one next to joker . 55 int . taxi cab ( moving ) , countryside - afternoon 55 joker in the back of a taxi staring out at the countryside , at the tree and green grass and blue sky and open space whizzing by . the sun be get low , bathing everything in a golden light . he do not see garbage anywhere . 56 ext . wayne manor , front lawn - magic hour 56 joker walk along a intimidating wringht iron fence , surround the estate like prison bar , the brown paper shopping bag stuff under he arm . the big house set up a small hill , evergreen dot the lush grounds . as he walk around look for the front entrance , joker catch a glimpse of a innocent look EIGHT - year -old boy tracking he from behind the tree , hide as he follow . joker stop . he see the boy stop behind a tree . joker continue walk until he get to the front gate . he dig into he bag and pull out the magic wand -- he hold it up for the boy to see . the boy step out from behind a tree to get a closer look . joker put the brown bag down on the ground , look over the wand , pretend like he 's try to figure out what it do . he wave the wand over the front gate lock to " try and see " if it will open -- it do not . 58 . the little boy walk down toward the fence , face like a angel . joker wait until he get closer and then reach he hand through the fence and hand the kid he magic wand so he can try and figure out what it do -- the boy take the wand and it go limp in he hand before he can wave it -- he laugh , surprised . he hand it back to joker . the boy see joker 's face up close , stare at he scar smile -- joker straighten the wand back out , and reach in through the fence again so the kid can give it another try . and again the magic wand droops in the boy' hand . he laugh and give it back to joker -- joker examine the wand as if its " break " , stiffen it one last time , crouch down lower , and ... ta-da ! a bouquet of flower burst out the end of the wand -- joker smile and hand he the wand bouquet of flower -- the little boy take the flower . keeps stare at joker , at the scar around he mouth . now , he reach he hand out through the fence and touch joker 's face , trace he finger around the edge of joker 's mouth , over he scar smile -- joker close he eye -- embarrassed -- but it feel good to he , nobody ever touch he besides he mother . he start to smile , when a man 's voice shatter the moment -- alfred ( os ) ( shouting ; slight English accent ) Bruce ! what be you do ? get away from that man . the little boy pull he hand back . turn and run away -- joker look up and see a bald , tired - look , alfred pennyworth ( 50' ) bound down the hill toward they . joker stand back up . 59 . alfred ( still shouting ) what be you do ? who be you ? Little Bruce run behind Alfred , hide behind he leg . joker my name 's Arthur . I be here to see Mr. Wayne -- alfred ( interrupt ) you should not be talk to he son . why do you give he that flower ? Alfred take the flower - wand away from the kid -- joker I , I be just try to make he laugh . he hand it back to joker . alfred well it 's not funny . do I need to call the police ? joker no , please . my mother 's name be penny fleck . she use to work here , year ago . can you tell Mr. Wayne that I need to see he ? alfred ( color drain from he face ; beat ) you be she son ? joker do you know she ? Alfred do not say anything . joker put he face right up against the bar , whisper so the boy can not hear he -- joker you do not need to cover for they . I be sure Mrs. Wayne be very upset when she find out . 60 . alfred there be nothing to find out about . you mother be , be delusional . she be a sick woman . joker no . no , just let I speak to Mr. Wayne . now Alfred lean in closer to joker , almost look like he feel some pity for he -- alfred please just go , before you make a fool of yourself . beat . joker ( blurt out ) Thomas Wayne be my father -- Alfred look at joker , and can not help but crack up laugh at he . and joker reach through the bar and grab he . pull he in close , try to choke he , still hold the wand of flower in one hand -- as he choke alfred , joker see little Bruce , wide - eye in the shadow , look out at he in horror . joker stop . let go of Alfred ... take off run back down the street away from Wayne manor , magic wand in hand , leave the rest of he clown gear behind . CUT to : 57 ext . lower east side , street - night 57 joker' back in he part of town , garbage everywhere here . the neighborhood at night be alive . loud kid on the street corner ... a drunk seemingly fight no one ... hooker work the street ... he hear a wail siren ... as joker turn the corner , he see a ambulance parked in front of he building . light flash . hit with a sense of dread , he run toward the building -- 61 . 58 ext . STREET , apartment build - night 58 a SMALL crowd of gawker have gather around watch the drama unfold . shout and laugh , loud dance music blaring out a open window , feel like a impromptu block party . joker run up , see he mother be wheeled down the front step unconscious on a stretcher , a emt hold a oxygen bag on she face . two detective in plain suit follow behind they . it 's a chaotic scene . from above , joker push through the crowd , rush to he mother 's side . we do not hear what he say to the paramedics over the music and the crowd , just see they nod okay and joker follow after they into the back of the ambulance -- 59 int . CITY ambulance , back ( parked ) - night 59 joker look out the back door as they start to shut close -- catch a glimpse of sophie , come out of the building . he stare at she through the small back door window . casually wave at she , try to connect with she -- joker see the two detective approach Sophie as the ambulance pull away . speed away down the street , siren wail -- CUT to : 60 int . CITY hospital , emergency treatment room - night 60 joker 's stand near the doorway of a large overcrowded treatment room . watch a sleep - deprive er resident ( late 20' ) , and a emergency nurse start to intubate he mother . he hear shout and cry of pain from around the crowded room . joker turn away when he see they insert a thin endotracheal tube into she mouth and down through she larynx . it make he gag -- 61 ext . CITY hospital , er - night 61 joker sit on a bench outside the bustling emergency room . he 's get some fresh air , but he pick a weird spot to do it . he watch the sick and die be rush through the glass door . open and close . this happen in the background throughout the scene . 62 . the two detective walk up to joker , interrupt he watch the door . gotham police detective , garrity ( 50' ) , grey hair , and burke ( 30' ) , he partner . det . garrity Mr. fleck , sorry to bother you , I be detective garrity , this be my partner detective burke . joker look up at they . do not say anything . det . garrity we have a few question for you , but you be not home . so we speak to you mother . joker you do this to she ? det . garrity what ? no . we just ask she some question and she start get hysterical -- hyperventilate , trouble speak -- then she collapse . hit she head pretty hard . joker they tell I she have a stroke . beat . det . garrity sorry to hear that . and joker burst out laughing , he can not stop it . the detective be take aback . they do not know what to make of he laugh . they share a look . det . burke ( confuse ) I be lose . be something funny ? joker ( laughter choke up in he throat ) no I , -- I have a , a -- tear roll down he face , he take out one of he card and hand it to det. burke . burke glance over the card , a skeptical look on he face . 63. det . burke okay . but we have some question for you . det . garrity about that subway killing from a few week ago . joker pause for a moment , he laughter subside . he hold he breath . joker I do not know anything about that . det . garrity we have a eyewitness who describe a white male , about 6 foot tall , in clown make up . or a clown mask . spoke to you boss at ha - ha 's , Mr. Vaughn , and he say you be on a job the day of the shoot . joker 's still hold he breath , he nod yes . det . garrity ( just continue ) he also say you get fire that day , -- for bring a gun into the child 's hospital . and joker crack up again , he laughter come back harder -- he cover he mouth with he hand , shaking he head no , he face now turn red . det . garrity you be not fire ? joker catch he breath as the intensity of he laughter start to wane , peter out . joker not for have a gun . that be prop gun . part of my act . joker 's laughter finally stop for good . det . burke so why be you fire ? joker they say I be not funny . the detective share another look . 64 . joker stand up . joker now , if you do not mind , I have to go back and look after my mother . detective burke step close to he , hold up the card that joker hand he -- det . burke hey lemme ask you a question ? this condition of yours , -- be this real or be this like some sorta clown thing ? joker clown thing ? det . burke I mean , be it part of you act ? joker what do you think ? and joker walk away -- head for the slide glass door . only the motion detector do not engage -- and he slam right into the glass door . hard . he bounce back . 62 int . hallway , nurse's station - CITY hospital - night 62 joker walk down the hallway , er flood with the poor and uninsured . overwhelm doctor and nurse try they best to keep up . he stop at the busy nurse 's station , and stand there for a moment , try to get a nurse 's attention -- joker Excuse I , I be wonder how I could check my mother out of here ? one of the nurse at the desk look up at he , seem slightly annoyed . er nurse what 's you mother 's name ? joker penny fleck . I would like to take she home . 65 . the sleep - deprive er resident who be work on he mother overhear joker , come over to talk to he with a clipboard in he hand . joker recognize he -- er resident Mr. fleck , you mother have a stroke . it 's very serious . you can not " check she out . " she 's gonna be here for at least a week . joker she 's not gonna wanna stay that long . she do not like hospital . or doctor . er resident I be sorry to hear that . but she can not just leave . joker I do not like hospital either . beat . the resident just nod okay . look down at he clipboard -- er resident listen , I want to talk you about something we notice in she tox report . we find heavy trace of multiple medication in she system . joker okay . thanks . he turn to go , but the resident continue -- er resident one of they 's perphenazine . it 's a powerful anti-psychotic . if she be take that regularly and then suddenly stop , the withdrawal could have contribute to she stroke . do you notice any symptom ? joker symptom ? er resident withdrawal symptom . nausea ... anxiety ... hallucination . joker shake he head , no . 66 . er resident do you know how long she 's be take it ? joker shake he head no again , lean in closer to the resident -- joker can you tell I what that symptom be again ? CUT to : 63 int . patient BAY , emergency treatment room - night 63 close on tv , Murray Franklin be in the middle of do he monologue . murray franklin ( on tv ) so I tell my youngest son , Tommy , remember he 's the ' not so bright ' one , -- ( laughter ) I tell he that the garbage strike be still go on . and he say , and I be not kid , Tommy say , " so where be we gonna get all we garbage from ? " Murray Franklin crack up at he own joke . Studio audience laugh . joker laugh , lying in bed next to he unconscious mother in the large overcrowded treatment room . Blue curtain divider separate the bay . he 's watch the show on a tv bolt high on the wall . he glance over at he mother , laugh over the sound of she labor breath , the pain and suffer of that around he . he look back up at the television . murray franklin ( on tv ) and finally , in a world where everyone think they could do my job , we get this videotape from the gotham Comedy Club . here 's a guy who think if you just keep laugh , it will somehow make you funny . check out this joker . 67 . extreme close on tv , grainy video of joker' stand - up performance . joker on stage smile behind the microphone , under the harsh spotlight . joker watch himself on tv , he jaw drop -- joker ( on tv ) ( try to stop himself from laugh ) -- good evening , hello . ( deep breath ; try to stop laugh ) good to be here . ( keep crack up ) I , I hate school as a kid . but my mother would always say , -- ( bad imitation of he mom , still laugh ) " you should enjoy it . one day you will have to work for a live . " ( laugh ) " no I will not , ma. I be gonna be a comedian ! " back to Murray Franklin shaking he head , try not to laugh . murray franklin ( on tv ) you should have listen to you mother . the studio audience erupt into laughter . angle on joker , watch Murray Franklin make fun of he on tv . he get up and start walk toward the tv set as if in a trance . unsure if this be really happen . murray franklin ( on tv ) one more , bernie . let 's see one more . I love this guy . the tape continue of joker at the comedy club . joker ( on tv ) it 's funny , when I be a little boy and tell people I want to be a comedian , everyone laugh at I . ( open he arm like a big shot ) well no one be laugh now . Dead silence . nobody be laugh . not even he . CUT back close on murray franklin , just shaking he head . 68 . murray franklin ( on tv ) you can say that again , pal ! Murray crack up and the studio audience laugh along with he . close on joker , look up at the television , hearing they all laugh at he . beat . jump CUT : joker be drag a chair to the television set . in a rage , he get up on the chair and try to pull the tv out of the wall , as the show continue to play -- but the set be firmly secure to the wall , and joker pull so hard the chair flip from underneath he and he go fly up the air , crash down hard onto the floor . 64 int . cafeteria , CITY hospital - early morning 64 joker walk with a plastic tray of food . some runny egg and a coffee . he keep he head down so no one can see he face . there be a few doctor and nurse sit and chat at one table . a group of orderlies be sit together at another table . he go and sit down in the far corner , far away from everyone else . see a tabloid newspaper leave on the table , and pick it up to read so he do not seem so alone . angle on front page headline , " Thomas Wayne announce run " , over a full - page campaign - style photograph of Thomas Wayne wave to a crowd stand next to he wife , martha ( 50' ) , a severe look , well - preserve former model , and little Bruce Wayne stand in front of they . photo catch Bruce look into camera , eye wide , scared by the crowd . sub - headline read , " protest plann at Wayne Hall open tonight " joker stare at the family photo . close on bruce wayne in photo , joker 's finger rip he picture out of the front page . young doctor ( os ) -- I be sorry to bother you , but can you settle a argument for we ? 69 . close on joker looking up , interrupt from rip out the picture . one young doctor and two nurse be stand around he . we stay with joker , do not see they face . just they body , all dress in green scrub , uniform . joker Excuse I ? young doctor ( os ) you be the guy on Murray Franklin last night , right ? he hear the nurse giggle . joker no , sorry . be not I . nurse # 1 ( os ) of course it be you . you be the comedian . young doctor ( os ) except you be not funny . you do not tell any joke . he hear the nurse giggle again . stay close on joker , get upset . he just shake he head . joker I do not know what you be talk about . young doctor ( os ) no . it be definitely you , buddy . you be the guy who could not stop laugh . Murray kill you . more laughter . joker look up at they . joker if I be you , I would walk away from this table before I strangle all three of you with that fuck stethoscope hang from you neck . beat . 65 ext . CENTER for performing art , wayne hall - uptown - dusk 65 joker cross a busy street head to the Center for perform Arts . Light fall . Storm cloud gather . 70 . joker stop when he see -- a crowd of protester scream and shout in front of wayne hall , behind steel barricade . many wear joker 's " clown face " mask ... a few wave homemade sign , " clown for mayor " ... " kill the rich " ... " mr. wayne , am I a clown ? " a line of policemen and security guard stand between the crowd and the light - up white marble building . joker watch the protest for a moment , then continue across the street . it start to rain . 66 ext . wayne hall , front entrance - evening 66 a fight break out between a " clown " mask protester and two cop . the crowd go crazy , push through the barricade toward the building in the drive rain . the police and Wayne Hall Security fight to keep they out -- amidst all the chaos , we glimpse joker slip into the building unnotice -- 67 int . lobby , wayne hall - evening 67 joker walk through the massive multi-level lobby . it 's completely empty since the performance have already begin and whatever security be available be outside help the police deal with the protester . he look up in awe at the crystal chandelier ... the shiny , marble floor beneath he foot . he 's never see anything this opulent in he entire life . 68 int . back of theater , wayne hall - evening 68 joker making he way through the dark shadow along the back wall of the auditorium , look for Thomas Wayne in the sell - out black - tie audience -- he catch bit of chaplin 's modern time project on a screen behind the gotham philharmonic play the silent movie 's score ... the tramp roller skate blindfolded on a date with the gamin ( paulette Goddard ) in a department store . he continue move along the wall from aisle - to- aisle look for Thomas Wayne ... the audience laugh as the tramp skate blindfolded , skirt along the edge of a balcony with no rail , orchestra play the bouncy score . joker can not find Thomas Wayne in the dark -- 71 . he move to the top of the next aisle , pause to watch more of the film . suddenly somebody bump into joker -- he look up and see it 's one of Thomas Wayne 's two security guard , escort Thomas Wayne out of the auditorium -- joker turn and watch they lead he out . behind joker on screen , the tramp be rescue by the girl before he fall off the edge , orchestra swell -- 69 int . lobby , wayne hall - continuous 69 joker peek he head out of the auditorium , see Thomas Wayne head into the men' room , he two security guard wait by the door , still hear the orchestra play the score -- joker glance back into the auditorium -- see a lobby broom and upright dustpan tuck in the back corner -- 70 int . hallway , men' room - wayne hall - second later 70 joker 's sweeping up the hallway with he head down , hear the orchestra play the melancholy " smile " from the film 's score . he sweep along to the music like emmett Kelly 's famous hobo clown ... sweep around the two security guard ' foot ... annoy , they move a bit away from the bathroom door ... and do not give joker a second look as he head inside ... 71 int . men' room , wayne hall - continuous 71 joker sweep he way into the cavernous , black &amp ; white tile bathroom , ornate gold fixture . it 's empty save for Thomas Wayne pee at the far end of a long line of urinal . joker take a deep breath , and walk down the line of urinal right up next to Thomas Wayne -- he stand there for a beat while Thomas urinate , lobby broom and upright dustpan in hand -- thomas wayne ( glance over ; annoyed ) can I help you , pal ? joker what ? yeah . no I , I -- 72 . thomas wayne ( interrupt ) you need to get in here or something ? Thomas Wayne finish and zip he fly back up . joker be not sure what to say to he , just say -- joker dad . it 's I . beat . but Thomas Wayne do not hear he , he be flush the urinal . he walk toward the sink . thomas wayne Excuse I ? joker follow after he . joker my name be Arthur . I be penny 's son . ( beat ) I know you do not know about I , and I do not want anything from you . well ... maybe a hug . and joker smile , it 's all very emotional for he . Thomas look over at he like he 's fuck crazy . thomas wayne Jesus ? you be the guy who come by my house yesterday . joker nod , relieved he finally break through . joker yes . but they would not let I in , would not let I see you . so I come here . I have so many question . Thomas Wayne just laugh to himself and turn on the gold faucet at one of the sink . thomas wayne look pal , I be not you father . what 's wrong with you ? joker how do you know ? Thomas Wayne just keep wash he hand , do not even look over at joker . 73. thomas wayne Cause you be adopt . and I never fuck you mother . what do you want from I , money ? joker no . what ? I be not adopt . Thomas start drying he hand . thomas wayne she never tell you ? you mother adopt you before she even start work for we . she be arrest when you be four year old and commit to arkham State Hospital . she 's batshit crazy . joker start to smile , feel a laugh come on . joker no . no , I do not believe that . Thomas finish drying he hand . turn to joker , he tone way more serious now . thomas wayne I do not really give a shit what you believe . ( step in closer ) but if you ever come to my house again , if you ever talk to my son again , if I ever even hear about you again , I will -- and joker crack up laughing , interrupt he threat . laugh right in he face -- thomas wayne be you laugh at I ? joker 's laugh so hard he can not answer . thomas shove joker hard up against the tile wall , grip he neck with one hand . joker just crack up louder , he drop the dustpan and broom -- thomas wayne ( shouting ) you think this be funny ? Thomas Wayne 's security guard bang open the door , rush into the bathroom when they hear the shouting -- 74 . they stop when they see Thomas have joker jack up against the wall . joker ( try shaking he head no ; still laugh and choke ) no , no I have a con -- thomas wayne ( interrupt ; raise he voice ) be this a fuck joke to you ? and thomas wayne punch joker straight in the face with he free hand , blood spraying from he nose -- 72 ext . wayne hall , front entrance - plaza - night 72 the two security guard roughly throw joker out of the hall , right in front of the drench crowd of scream protester , tv camera and photographer now on hand , bulb flash -- joker know how to take a fall , play it up in front of this audience for all it 's worth , tumble end - over - end out onto the plaza in the rain -- he roll to he foot with a bit of panache and brushes himself off like it be nothing . the protester go crazy , cheer and applaud he act -- and joker take a deep dramatic bow . wet hair . bloody nose . he turn and see the security guard come back out -- joker take off run through the plaza in the downpour , run out of the Center for perform Arts . turn down a side street almost slip -- and keep run even though nobody 's chase after he . we hear the familiar beat of the sugarhill gang be " Apache " as joker just keep run and run . 73 int . apartment build , hallway - night 73 joker knock on Sophie 's apartment door , " Apache " blaring inside . he 's soaking wet , clothes cling to he body . there 's no answer . 75 . he knock again . hard to hear anything over the loud music . now he try the door . it 's unlock . 74 int . sophie' apartment , front hall - continuous 74 joker walk into Sophie 's apartment , " Apache " thumping , light dim . joker Sophie ? walk into the dark live room , catch a glimpse of Sophie , naked riding on top of some guy on the couch -- the guy see joker stand in the shadow and jump . Sophie turn and see joker as well . she scream -- 75 int . hallway , apartment build - night 75 joker rush for he mother 's apartment . behind he , the guy come out half naked into the hallway , zipping up he pants , scream at joker -- joker do not look back , do not hear the guy yell at he -- quickly open the door to he mother 's apartment and hurry inside . 76 ext . arkham state hospital - morning 76 a gray , behemoth state hospital loom over the city block . Metal screen cover steel - frame window . joker cross the street toward the building , eye weary , he have not sleep in day . he sees two gotham CITY cop and a paramedic roll a gurney into the entrance ... a naked , sunburn man scream he head off be handcuff to the stretcher underneath a white sheet . joker follow they inside . 77 int . arkham state hospital - administrative office - morning 77 joker sit wait in a cramped office , look out a plexiglass window that overlook the crowded hallway -- 76 . a constant din of people move about , talk and shouting . patient handcuff to the armrest of they wheelchair , lie on stretcher , head cover with pillowcase turban or forearm to block out the harsh fluorescent light . his gaze be interrupt by a clerk ( 40' ) , id clipped to he shirt , who 's lug a old heavy file storage box . he drop the box down on he messy desk with a thud . clerk sorry for the wait . all we record that be 10 year or older be store in the basement . you be talk over 30 year ago , -- I have to do some serious digging . joker nod thanks . clerk like I say , if it 's in here , I be still gonna need a release from she . the clerk open the file box . start digging though it . joker stare out the plexiglass window that face the hallway -- joker can I ask you a question ? how do someone wind up in here ? have all this people commit crime ? clerk ( go through the file ) some have . some be just crazy and pose a danger to themselves or other . some just get nowhere else to go . beat . joker ( nod ; look down ) yeah , I know how that be . sometimes I do not know what to do , y'know , I do not think I can take any more of this . the clerk be half listen as he scan the paper work . clerk yeah , I can not take much more of this shit either . ( more ) 77 . clerk ( cont 'd ) now they talk about more layoff , man , we be understaffed as it be . I do not know what I be gonna do . joker look up at the guy , think he 's make a connection . joker last time I end up take it out on some , -- people . bad shit . I think it would bother I but , it really have not . for the first time , the clerk look at he -- clerk what 's that ? joker it 's just so hard to try and be happy all the time , y'know , when everything 's go to shit all around you . clerk ( take aback ; beat ) listen , I be just a administrative assistant , like a clerk . I file paperwork , fill out form . I do not really know what to tell you , but maybe you should see someone -- they have program , like city service . joker ( backtrack ) yeah . they cut that . anyway , I be just talk to talk . the clerk just nod . finally find what he be look for . clerk ( surprised ) here it be , -- fleck . penny fleck . he pull out a old file , bulg with yellowing record . move the box to the floor and sit down at he desk . joker ( say it out loud for himself to hear ) so she be a patient here . the guy open the file . yellow page of she record -- 78 . clerk ( nod , skim -read ) uh-huh . diagnose by Dr. Benjamin stoner ... the patient suffer from delusional psychosis and narcissistic personality disorder ... found guilty of endangering the welfare of a child -- the clerk stop read out loud , eye go wide as he skim further ahead . joker just look at the guy , wait to see what he 's gonna say . joker what ? clerk you say she 's you mother ? joker just nod . clerk ( close the file ) I be sorry , I can not . like I say , I can not release this without the proper form . I could get in trouble . ( close the file ; beat ) besides , it 's pretty bad . close on joker , he shake he head and smile to himself . joker I can handle bad . I have be on a pretty bad run myself . the clerk put the file down on he desk -- clerk I can not help you . if you want this record you have to get you mom to sign a patient disclosure form . I can have someone mail you one . joker just sit there , think it all over for a moment . then snatch the file off the clerk 's desk -- the clerk grab it as well . they play tug -of - war with the file , it 's awkward and go on way too long . finally , joker shove the guy hard and pull the file away -- 79 . he take off run out of the office with it . the clerk watch for a beat , but do nothing . 78 int . hallway , arkham state hospital - morning 78 joker run down the hallway , file in he hand . frantic . unaware he be not be chase . turn a corner and run down another long hallway . get to a stairwell door and run in . 79 int . stairwell , arkham state hospital - continuous 79 bound down the step . he stop at a landing below . look up , see no one be chase after he -- angle on joker , catch he breath . he open the file , flipping through the record , find the page the clerk be read . as he read it over for himself , he hear he mother be interview for she psychiatric assessment , over 30 year ago . mom ( vo ) he 's not adopt -- he 's Thomas Wayne 's son . I work for he , I tell you , I clean he house . he 's always smile at I . CUT to : 80 int . emergency interview room , arkham state hospital - day 80 ( flashback ) penny fleck ( late 20' ) be sit across the table from dr . benjamin stoner ( 50' ) , in a dreary small interview room , window cover with security screen . penny take a drag off a cigarette , she face be beat to shit , nose batter , lip bust up . Dr. stoner be go over penny 's thick file , the same file joker 's hold in he hand . dr . stoner we go over this , penny . you adopt he . we have all the paperwork right here . penny do not say anything , just smile like she 's in on a big secret . and exhales smoke . 80 . Dr. stoner keep go through the file , pull out black &amp ; white forensic photograph of three - year- old joker 's body -- dr . stoner you also stand by as one of you boyfriend repeatedly abuse you adopt son . and batter you . penny look at Dr. stoner like he 's crazy . mom he do not do anything to I . or to my boy . can I go now , I do not like hospital . Dr. stoner lay out the photograph in front of penny -- penny keep smoking she cigarette , glance down at the photo , we catch glimpsis of various bruise on part of joker 's body ... a filthy crib ... a rope tie to the radiator ... CUT back to : joker look over the same black &amp ; white photograph , still hear he mother -- mom ( v0 ) I never hear he cry . not once . he 's always be such a happy little boy . dr . stoner ( vo ) penny , you son be find tie to a radiator in you filthy apartment , malnourish , with multiple bruise across he body and severe trauma to he head . joker look up from the file when he hear / read this , turn and look at penny 's reaction -- he's now in the interview room with they , live what he 's read on the page . he see he mother lean forward in she chair , glaring at Dr. stoner -- mom that 's not true . my apartment be not filthy . I keep a clean house . joker just stare at he mother . Dr. stoner look at penny , not sure how to respond to that . 81 . dr . stoner ( beat ) and what do you have to say about you son ? angle on penny , think it over , take a drag off she cigarette . mom I be just glad I get to know he . joker just keep stare at she as she exhales -- joker back in the stairwell look up from the file , look like maybe there 's cigarette smoke drift in front of he face -- CUT to : 81 ext . school playground , STREET - afternoon 81 joker walk fast toward the playground . see Sophie talk with some other mom , as gigi and a few kid play on the monkey bar . Sophie walk toward he , still disturb about last night -- sophie what the hell be that ? you can not just walk into my apartment like that . he be take aback by she anger -- joker no , wait , -- Sophie , we can get through this , that 's why I be here . sophie what be you talk about ? what do you think this be ? joker I do not know . I mean I have never be with a woman " like that , " but , this feel like a beginning to I . sophie Arthur , I be just be nice to you . I feel sorry for you . I have a boyfriend . 82. joker you what ? what ? what kind of woman be you ? who do that ? some of the other mother turn toward they -- sophie you need to leave . I be not have this conversation with you . joker ( shout ) why not ? gigi run up to Sophie 's side to see what 's go on , to see if she mother 's okay . sophie ( turn to she daughter ) go back with you friend , honey . mommy 's have a grow up talk . before gigi leave joker look down at she -- joker no . do not listen to she gigi , you need to hear this . you mother 's a bad person . she 's a whore , she 's see two man at once . you can not trust she , -- she will break you fuck heart . joker turn to go , behind he gigi start to cry . he 's close to tear himself . Sophie take off after he , and reach out and grab he -- joker spin quickly around to face she , look like he might even hit she -- joker how come nothing ever come easy for I ? and Sophie slap he hard across the face -- then turn and walk away . close on joker , he begin to laugh -- CUT to : 83. 82 int . mom' apartment , live room - night 82 joker manically pace around the live room , bang the side of he head with he hand , mutter to himself , almost like he 's have a conversation with himself , take part in some story in he head , in the background the 11:00 News be play on the television . footage of a protest in front of Wayne Tower ... protester in " joker " clown mask ... hear the news anchor 's bombastic voice over , " the anger and resentment that 's be building up for week now , seem close to explode . protestor today , many dress as clown , take to the street in front of Wayne Tower in one of many plan demonstration . " joker stop when he hear this , turn to the flicker screen -- angle on television , protester in the middle of a massive crowd outside a Wayne Tower . " clown " protester # 1 ( on tv ) you will see what 's gonna happen at City Hall next Thursday . we be gonna -- joker sit down on the couch eye , lean forward to make sure he 's see what he 's see -- " clown " protester # 2 ( on tv ) ( interrupt ; scream into camera ) [ beep ] the rich , [ beep ] the media , [ beep ] the black , [ beep ] the white , [ beep ] everybody . they all [ beep ] we , that 's what this be [ beep ] about ! close on joker , do not even blink , it 's like he 's watch himself on television . CUT to : 83 int . mom' apartment , live room - morning 83 Sun peek through the window . phone ringing . joker open he eye . his orange cat be sit on he chest , stare at he . joker finally get some sleep . he lie there for a beat . phone still ringing , until the machine pick up the call . 84 . show booker ( on machine ) this message be for Arthur fleck . my name be shirley Woods , I work on the Murray Franklin show . joker sit up , the cat jump off he chest . he can not believe what he 's hearing . he get up off the couch as the woman continue to leave a message on the machine -- show booker ( on machine ) I do not know if you be aware , but Murray play a clip of you stand - up on the show recently and we have get a amazing -- joker pick up the phone -- joker ( into phone ; skeptical ) who be this ? show booker ( over phone ) hi , this be shirley Woods from Murray Franklin live . be this Arthur ? beat . joker ( into phone ) yes . joker look down at the cat purring at he foot , and kick it away . show booker ( over phone ) hi Arthur . well , as I be say -- we have get a lot of call about you clip , amazing response . and , Murray ask if I would reach out to see if you would come on as he guest . can we set up a day ? push in on joker' face , as it sink in . joker ( into phone ) Murray want I to come on the show ? show booker ( over phone ) yes . be not that great ? he would love to talk to you , maybe do some of you act . do that sound good to you ? 85 . as the push in on joker finish . hold . 84 int . CITY hospital , hospital room ( share ) - morning 84 joker walk into he mother' share hospital room , pass a elderly wheeze woman in the bed close to the door . see he mom in she bed by the window . he pull the blue curtain separate the bed , give he and he mother some privacy . sit down on the edge of she bed . she smile when she see he . still fairly incapacitate . he lean down close to she . speak softly , but fill with rage -- joker ma , remember how you use to tell I that God give I this laugh for a reason . that I have a purpose . to bring laughter and joy into this fuck up world , -- she look at he confuse . joker ha ! it be not God , it be you or , or one of you boyfriend , -- how could you let that happen ? what kind of woman be you ? what kind of mother be you ? she look away . joker what 's my real name ? her whole body be shaking , overwhelm with emotion . joker c'mon , ma , I know I be adopt . what 's my name ? who be I really ? she look back he , struggle to speak -- mom h-h-happ -- joker ( interrupt , snap at she ) ( more ) 86 . joker ( cont 'd ) happy ?! I be not happy . I have not be happy for one minute of my entire fuck life . he reach behind she , grab one of she pillow -- joker but you know what 's funny ? you know what really make I laugh ? leans down closer , face - to- face with she -- joker I use to think my life be nothing but a tragedy , but now , now I realize it 's all just a fuck comedy . 85 int . blue curtain , hospital room ( share ) - continuous 85 other side of the blue divider curtain . we see joker 's foot shifting a little . slowly we pull out , back out of the room . leave behind whatever joker 's do to he mother on the other side of the curtain . and we hear applause ... 86 int . mom' apartment , live room - night 86 joker' studying vhs tape of " murray franklin live ! " , studio audience applaud Murray ... he jot down note in he wear notebook ... watch the guest come out ... how they cross the stage ... how they greet Murray ... how they sit down ... if they cross they leg or not ... study how he should act , how to be a person like other people . his cat sit on top of the tv watch he the whole time , never take she eye off he . jump CUT : practice . joker walk across the live room like he 's on the show , smile , wave to the " audience " ... he mime shaking Murray 's hand ... mime unbuttone he jacket and sit down . he smile and pull out he wear notebook from he pocket -- joker you wanna hear a joke , Murray ? he " wait " for Murray to answer . then joker nod okay and open he notebook -- 87 . joker ( read ) knock-knock . his cat still watch he , now at he foot . joker cross and uncross he leg ... look uncomfortable . he glance down at he cat . it 's as if he can hear the cat talk to he . joker ( nod ; frustrated ) yeah , I do not know if I should cross or uncross them . both feel completely unnatural . joker get up off the couch and walk back across the live room . wave to the " audience " ... mime shaking Murray 's hand ... mime unbuttone he coat and sit down ... cross he leg . joker thanks for have I on , Murray . I can not tell you how much this mean to I , it 's be a life long dream . I have a joke for you -- joker stand back up . look down at the cat again . joker you be right . you be right , uncross be better . joker sit back down ... do not cross he leg this time . CUT to : 87 ext . potter' field cemetery - dusk 87 wide shot , a lone figure in a vast sea of mass grave , grey headstone . this be where they bury the poor and the unclaim dead . joker stand by he mother 's grave . his head bow , face in he hand , he body convulse . he 's dress in a ill - fitting fade rust color suit , almost shiny from all the wear . behind he in the distance , the two detective stand by they park car on the cemetery roadway . Sun die in the sky . 88. close on joker' face buried in he hand , see he 's laugh -- impossible to tell if he 's laugh because of he condition or laugh for real . 88 ext . roadway , potter' field cemetery - dusk 88 joker walk away from he mother 's grave , go to the two detective -- garrity and burke -- wait for he by they unmark car . his face be still red , tear in he eye from laugh . joker ( wiping he eye ; restrain anger ) you should not be here . it 's not right . det . garrity we just come to pay we respects . sorry about you mother . det . burke yeah , it 's too bad . joker just stare at the two detective . awkward beat . det . burke where be everybody ? joker it 's always be just I and she . joker pause for a moment , then start to walk away . det . burke ( call out ) we see you on Murray Franklin . joker turn back to they . joker you see that ? det . garrity yeah . Heard you be on , so we get a videotape . det . burke I just could not tell if you be actually try to be funny or not . 89 . joker yeah , well I guess you do not get the joke . det . garrity listen , we need to clear a few thing up , we speak to the hospital administrator -- joker ( interrupt ) which hospital ? det . burke the Children 's Hospital . ( remind ) the night you be fire . he say it do not look like a prop gun , it be heavy , like a real one . we have some more question for you . joker I just bury my mother . the detective share a look . garrity pull out a card . hand it to joker . det . garrity we can do it tomorrow . but you need to come down to the precinct -- first thing in the morning . joker ( look down , read the card ) right . thanks for come . det . burke of course . joker look back up . joker that be a joke . we hear applause follow by the familiar open riff to elton JOHN be " bennie &amp ; the jet " . 89 int . mom' apartment , bathroom - next afternoon 89 joker' leaning over the bathroom sink , water run . he 's wear rust color pants and a white " beater " T-shirt . 90 . a " joker " clown mask hang off the dirty mirror by its elastic band . " bennie &amp ; the jet " blaring from a transistor radio turn all the way up . joker lift he head up . he 's dyed he hair green like he old " Mr. jingle " clown wig -- but he 's miss spot . some of he hair be still its original color , stick out all helter - skelter . jump CUT : now he 's smear white grease - paint all over he face . he 's dance along to the music , gyrate and thrust he hip to the beat , as he glance at the mask hang from the mirror , try to copy how it look ... a copy of a copy of himself . he barely hear someone bang on the front door over the loud music -- do not answer . joker just keep put on he make - up , dance provocatively to the music . more bang on the front door . joker casually open the medicine cabinet . find some old rusty scissors and turn the radio off -- 90 int . front door , mom' apartment - afternoon 90 joker unlock the lock , keep the security chain latch , and crack open the door , -- see randall . look down , and see Gary next to he . undoe the chain and open the door for they -- randall and Gary get a look at joker 's face , he dyed green hair still wet , streaking white grease - paint smear over part of he face -- gary ( be : he look ) hey Arthur , how 's it go ? you get a new gig ? joker shake he head no , step aside so they can come in , palming the scissors in he hand -- randall you must be goin ' down to that rally at City Hall . right ? I hear it 's gonna be nut . 91 . joker be that today ? randall look at he and laugh -- randall yeah . what 's with the clown - face then ? joker shut the door behind they . lock the chain -lock . joker my mom die . randall ( nodd ) yeah we hear . that 's why we be here . figure you might wanna go out , get a drink or something ? joker do not answer . awkward beat . gary we do not wanna bother you . randall just think we should come and pay we respects . randall yeah , we be family . we gotta stick together . joker stare at randall . joker ( beat ) it 's not a good time . I be in the middle of something here . gary of course . no problem . another time . Gary turn to go . randall pause for a moment , have something else to say before he leave -- randall yeah . another time , then . oh hey , -- one other thing -- he take a step closer to joker -- 92 . randall listen , the cop have be poke around the shop , they be talk to all the clown about that subway murder and -- gary ( interrupt ) they do not talk to I . randall ( snap at Gary ) that 's because the suspect be a regular-sized person . if it be a fuck midget you would be in jail right now . ( turn back to joker ) anyway , hoyt say they be look for I , and , and I just wanna see what you say . you know , make sure we storey line up , bein ' that you be my boy and -- and joker stab the scissor as deep as he can into randall 's neck . blood spurt . randall scream . Gary stumble back in shock -- gary ( scream ) what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck -- joker pull they out and jam they into randall 's eye before he can react . the sound be sicken . Gary 's scream in the background -- randall blindly fight back , scream in pain , flail he arm , he own blood blind he -- joker grab randall by the head -- all of he pent up rage and frustration pour out of he -- and slam he head against the wall . again . and again . and again . joker let go of randall 's head , and randall drop to the ground . joker lean back against the wall , out of breath , kind of slide down the wall to the floor -- see Gary huddle in the corner , tremble with fear -- 93. joker ( catch he breath ) I be gonna be on tv tonight . can you believe it ? Gary do not answer . do not move -- joker it 's okay , Gary . you can go . Gary back away toward the door . joker sit there for a moment , breathe heavy , wipe randall 's blood off he face -- gary ( os ) hey , Art ? joker turn , see Gary at the front door . he point up high to the chain - lock . he can not reach it . joker just shake he head to himself and get up to unlock the door . he walk past Gary who 's still tremble almost too afraid to look up at he . joker lean over he and undoe the chain , open the door . Gary bolt , run down the hallway as fast as he can -- CUT to : 91 int . mom' bedroom , apartment - late afternoon 91 ( over the follow , we do not see joker 's face . we do not reveal he finish " look " just yet . ) close picking up he notebook , fan through the page -- pause at the black &amp ; white ripped photo of bruce wayne for a moment . continue , stop at the same entry from the open scene -- close on word , " I just hope my death make more sense than my life . " 92 int . live room , mom' apartment - late afternoon 92 close on taking randall' wallet out of he blood soaked pant , pockete all the cash . close on butt of a gun sticking out of randall' waistband , glimpse joker 's hand reach for it -- 94 . 93 int . kitchen , mom' apartment - late afternoon 93 joker be p.o.v. finishing writing a note , " on Murray Franklin tonight -- please watch ! " close on stuffing the note and all of randall' money into a envelope -- turning envelope over , writing " sophie " on the front . 94 int . live room window , mom' apartment - late afternoon 94 close on the orange cat at the window , and maybe if we be look close enough we notice something strange ... the cat have no reflection . angle over joker' shoulder open the window , shooing the cat out onto the fire escape , out into the die day -- joker ( os ) go on . go. you be free . close on the cat looking back at joker for a long moment , before scamper off out into the world , leave he behind for good . as he close the window we almost catch joker 's reflection in the glass -- 95 int . hallway , apartment build - late afternoon 95 following behind joker , walk down the hallway as if in slow motion , head for Sophie 's apartment . his dyed green hair now slicked back . he 's wear the ill-fitting rust color suit he wear to he mother 's funeral . still from behind , he lay the envelope in front of Sophie 's door , then pull something else out of he pocket -- he body obscure what it be -- put it down by she door and leave . as he walk away down the hallway , we see what else joker leave behind -- he wand of flowers , at Sophie 's door . hold . 95 . 96 int . elevator , hallway - late afternoon 96 from behind joker stepping onto the elevator , turning to face US as the door start to close , finally revealing he look -- Green hair slicked back like one of the Wall Street asshole he kill ... White grease paint smear over he face ... red nose paint on ... dark blue peak over and under he eye ... he mother 's red lipstick crudely outline he break smile ... under the harsh flicker fluorescent light , he look like a insane version of he mask . the door close on he new face . ding . 97 ext . apartment build - late afternoon 97 joker step out of he building into the set sun , just as garrity and burke be get out of they unmark Ford lot Crown vic-- det . garrity hey Arthur , where you go ? det . burke yeah , think you be come down to the station this morning . and joker take off run -- garrity give chase on foot as burke hurry back into the car -- 98 ext . 174 th STREET , two lane - continuous 98 joker dart out from he block into the avenue , sprint across the busy , two - lane street without look -- running right in front of a oncoming yellow cab on the far side of the street -- bam ! the cab hit he and joker go crash into the windshield . bounce up and over the car . landing hard on the pavement -- the car directly behind the cab skid to a stop just before run over joker 's face . swerve into the other lane and crashing into a oncoming truck . Cars on both side of the street skid try to stop -- crash . it 's chaos . 96 . joker pop back up from get hit . he 's in pain . but not dead . garrity have draw he service revolver as he make he way through the pile up . and burke , now block because of the crash have jump out of he car -- joker take off run , limping down the street toward a entrance for the elevate train -- 99 ext . elevate train station , step - continuous 99 joker hustling up the stair , drip sweat , he white grease - paint run down he face . he get to the top of the stair , look back and catch a glimpse of garrity and burke at the bottom -- 100 ext . platform , elevate train station - continuous 100 joker make he way down the crowded platform , the passenger start to file on a wait lexington Ave / pelham Express train head downtown . the train 's pack with protester head to the rally at City Hall . many carry sign ... most of they in " joker " mask ... a few paint up to look like the " joker " mask . joker fit in with all of they . he look through the crowd of clown and see the two cop get to the top of the stair , look up and down the platform for he . pull out they badge on chain from around they neck . identify themselves as cop . joker 's willing the door to close . but they do not . the two detective run onto the train just as the door be finally close -- 101 int . lexington ave / pelham express ( moving ) - continuous 101 joker move through the loud train push through the rowdy protester -- into the next car , all of they pack . as the train goe underground , the light flicker on and off -- car go black for a few second as the train turn and dip and speed down the track . joker glance back at burke and garrity pull out they badge on chain around they neck . Smith &amp ; wesson service revolver by they side . shout at the crowd , identify themselves as cop . 97 . joker hear some on the train shouting back in anger at the police , keep move ... past clown - face protestor carry sign , " resist " ... " am I a clown ? " ... " save a CITY , kill a yuppie " ... the two cop push through the car , scan all the " clown " face ... so many look like joker . they just shove protester out of the way , shouting at they all the while . a few more voice rise up in protest -- joker feel burke and garrity behind he get closer . in the flicker light see a drunk guy ( 20' ) wear a ' joker ' mask and pull it right off he face -- the drunk guy turn ready to fight . he throw a punch at joker , and joker step out of the way -- the guy pummel someone else -- a fight break out , spilling down the car . joker slip the clown mask over he clown face -- and just stand there in the middle of the chaos , at home with the chaos all around he -- garrity and burke spot joker 's rust color suit in the middle of the unruly mob -- burke pull he gun -- burke ( shouting ) everybody down , gotham PD ! the crowd do not drop to the ground . they just keep fight with each other -- burke see joker just stand there . keeps yell for the crowd to get down , get down , but they do not listen to he -- he start shove protestor down , out of the way -- and and then the mob turn on he and garrity , start close in around they -- garrity and burke be point they gun at the crowd , yell panicked for they to back off , back off , and one idiot reach for garrity 's gun -- bang . 98 . burke fire into the crowd , as the train pull into the station -- a protestor fall dead . the other clown on the train go crazy , start to riot . glimpse joker walk away calmly out of the chaos . take off the mask and drop it at he side as he step off the train , disappear onto the crowded platform . CUT to : 102 ext . wgctv studio , franklin theater - midtown - evening 102 a excited line of ticket holder wait to get in to " live with Murray Franklin ! " the poster marquee box near the door read : " tonight's guest . lance reynold . Dr. Sally friedman . and special Guest . " they swing open the door and start to let the audience inside ... 103 ext . backstage door , franklin theater - side STREET - evening 103 random fan and autograph hound hang out by the backstage door , wait for the night 's guest to arrive ... 104 int . studio 4b , stage - franklin theater - evening 104 Studio audience filing into the studio , be seat in the wide bleacher along one wall . Three tv monitor hang from the ceiling , face the audience . Three studio camera on the floor , black cable strewn everywhere . the set for " live with murray franklin ! " be dark ... but we can still make out he desk ... guest chair ... Don Ellis and he Jazz orchestra 's band stand ... big blue curtain . 105 int . hallway , franklin theater - evening 105 the host of the show , murray franklin ( 60' ) , usually quick with a bemuse grin but right now in a sour mood , walk fast down the hall toward the drab dress room with he old - school producer , gene ufland ( 60' ) , who 's hold the show 's rundown roll up in he hand . gene ufland -- you gotta see this nut for yourself , Murray . I do not think we can put he on . with the rioting out there . 99 . murray franklin ( annoyed ) Jesus , gene , I do not have time for this . Cindy 's be break my ball all day . gene ufland she 's still mad at you about that thing ? murray franklin Three marriage , you would think I 'da fuckin ' learn something . ( then ) what do I gotta see ? I already know he 's a nut . that 's why we be put he on , it 's a goof . a young blonde intern walk by in the opposite direction . she nervously smile to they and keep walk . both man turn and check out she ass . Murray wink at gene . gene ufland ( just shake he head , and smile ) I be tell you , you gotta see he , Murray . I think it 's too risky , the show 's too big . it 's worth too much to blow it on this , -- this freak . 106 int . dressing room , franklin theater - continuous 106 joker 's sit on a small couch in the cramped dress room , watch the local news on a tv that 's mount up on the wall , live shot from the subway station where burke shot the protestor , footage of the City Hall rally , clash with police . he 's clean himself up as best he could ... white grease - paint smear more evenly over he face , green dyed hair slicked back in place . Red lip redone . Murray and he producer gene open the dress room door without knock -- joker get up off the couch and go to shake Murray 's hand . Murray pause when he see joker 's face . joker ( shake Murray 's hand ; effusive ) Murray , I can not believe this be real , that I be really here . 100 . gene ufland it 's Mr. Franklin kid , show some respect . murray franklin oh shut up , gene . ( to joker ) Murray be fine . I prefer it in fact . thanks for come on the show . joker be you kid ? thank you for the opportunity . I have be watch you forever . my mother never miss a show . Murray nod not listen , he 's hear this before . murray franklin so what 's with the face ? be you part of the protest ? joker no , I do not believe in any of that . I do not believe in anything . I just think it would be good for my act . gene ufland ( upset ) you act ? do not you hear that a kid get kill on the subway and two cop who be almost beat to death ? you do not hear about the dozen of protestor and police injure in the riot ? joker look like he 's about to bust out laugh . all of that news be play out on the tv above they head . he take a deep breath . swallow the laugh . beat . joker no . I have not hear . gene and Murray share a look . gene ufland -- the audience be gonna go crazy if you put he on . it be okay maybe for a bit , but not a whole segment . 101 . Murray think about it for a beat . murray franklin I like it . it 's timely . it 's edgy . it 's , it 's dangerous . the best comedy be all that thing put together . ( do ) we be gonna go with it . gene rub he temple , he do not like this , but Murray be the boss . joker thank you Murray . murray franklin ( flash he bemuse smile ; condescending ) couple rule though , -- no cussing , no off - color material , we do a clean show , okay ? you will be on after Dr. Sally . someone will come and get you . good ? joker nod good . smile back at Murray . Murray and gene turn to go , exchange smirk with each other as they walk out , make light of joker who we see behind they still stand there . joker hey Murray , -- one small thing ? when you bring I out , can you introduce I as " the joker " ? Murray and gene look back at he gene ufland what ? you do not want to use you real name ? joker honestly , I do not even know what my real name be . joker smile , the guy can not tell if he 's kid or not . joker besides , that 's what you call I on the show , Murray . a joker . remember ? 102 . murray franklin ( to gene ; try not to crack up ) do I ? gene ufland I have no idea . murray franklin ( turn back to joker ) well , if you say so , kid . joker it be . Murray start to laugh at joker as he close the dress room door , shutting it right in he face . CUT to : 107 int . backstage , behind curtain - studio 4b - night 107 joker' backstage at the edge of the blue curtain , try to watch the show through a slim gap . behind he there 's a monitor on a cart play the live feed . he move the curtain aside to get a better look -- glimpsis Murray laugh , finish up talk to note sex therapist dr . sally friedman ( 60' ) . murray franklin ( to Dr. Sally ) you gotta see we next guest for yourself . will you stick around ? maybe you can help , I be pretty sure he could use a doctor . the audience laugh . dr . sally friedman oh . do he have sexual problem ? murray franklin he look like he 's get a lot of problem . another big laugh . murray franklin ( turn , look into camera ) it 's be a crazy few day here in gotham , and , I think maybe thing be about to get crazy around here too . do not go anywhere folk . we will be right back . 103 . applause sign light up . everyone clap . joker keep watch Murray through the slim gap at the end of the curtain . hear the floor director shout , " and we be out . back in three . " joker adjust the waist of he pants under he jacket . take a deep breath . 108 int . director' booth , studio 4b - night 108 perched one story above the studio . there 's a long console where the director sit in front of a gooseneck microphone , look over a double - bank of monitor . sitting next to he be the associate producer who time the show , and the technical director who operate the board . the monitor show the live feed be play a commercial . associate producer back in 30 second . director okay , cue the clip . we will come to it straight out of break . associate producer five ... four ... Three ... director Roll clip . put up the show graphic . on the show monitor , video of joker 's original stand - up performance come up with the show 's graphic in the lower right of the screen . 109 int . talk show set , stage - studio 4b - continuous 109 on the set , Murray watch the clip on the monitor above he desk , can not help but laugh . see the floor director count he down silently with she finger ... Three ... two ... point to camera one . murray franklin ( look into camera ) o-kay , you may have see that clip of we next guest when we first play it two week ago . now before he come out , I just want to say that we be all heartbroken here and sensitive to what 's go on in the city tonight . but , this be how he want to come on the show . so let I introduce -- the joker . 104 . behind the blue curtain , joker gather himself , ready for he moment . do not hear he introduction or see a stagehand pull open the curtain for he to go out -- on set , the curtain be OPEN , Don Ellis and he Jazz orchestra be play joker on . he do not come out . Murray look over to the empty space in the curtain . the audience laugh . behind the curtain , joker see the stagehand motion for he to go out on stage . joker start out , pause when he take a step into the bright light . the stagehand do not see he stop , and drop the curtain back on joker before the audience can really see he face -- tangling joker up in the curtain . the audience keep laugh think it 's part of he act . the band keep play he on . joker untangle himself from the curtain and the audience get a good look at he . some continue laugh . a few boo . most do not know what to make of he . joker walk across the stage , forget to wave like he practice . he trip over the riser surround the set when he go to shake Murray 's hand . almost fall on he . Murray try not to crack up . the audience laugh . thinks it 's part of joker 's act . joker reach out to hug Dr. Sally as she go in for a handshake . another awkward moment . more laugh . joker finally sit down next to Murray . cross and uncross he leg . can not get comfortable . murray franklin so , ahhh , thanks for come on the show . but I gotta tell ya , with what happen at City Hall today , I be sure many of we viewer here in the studio , and at home , might find this look of yours in poor taste . joker 's not listen to Murray . he 's mesmerize by all the light shine on he ... all the eye on he ... he do not answer Murray . nervous laughter from the audience . 105 . murray franklin ( try again ) can you tell we why you be dress like this ? and joker start to laugh . not embarrassed of it anymore . he go with it . give in to it , enjoy the laughter . murray franklin ( can not help but smile at joker 's laugh ) okay . but I be not sure how any of this be funny . a lot of that protester be go with this look . City seem to be full of clown this day . joker ( just nod , still laugh ) yeah . be not it great ? joker just keep crack up . audience still be not sure what to make of he . there 's some awkward laughter . 110 int . director' booth , studio 4b - continuous 110 nobody 's laugh in the booth . technical director ( look to the director ) this guy 's get nothing . director ( hit the producer 's talk button ; into the mic ) gene , what the hell ? you wanna kill this ? 111 int . talk show set , stage - continuous 111 Murray glance over at he producer gene ufland , who 's sit off - camera on a director 's chair by a monitor . gene shrug at he . murray franklin ( smile ; try to save the interview ) so when we talk earlier , you mention that you be not political . that this look be not a political statement . 106 . joker ( between laugh ) that 's right . I be not political , Murray . I be , I be , I be just try to make people laugh . murray franklin ( beat ; smile ) how 's that goin ' for ya ? have you be work on any new material ? do you want to tell we a joke ? the audience clap , egging joker on to tell a joke . joker look over at Murray -- he laugh fit finally subside -- and reach into he jacket pocket and -- pull out he wear notebook , catch he breath . look through it to find a new joke . murray franklin you bring a joke book ? the audience laugh . joker smile , open the page to Bruce Wayne 's photo , pause for a moment then turn the page . find a joke -- joker ( read ) okay . here 's one . knock knock . murray franklin oh god , a knock - knock joke ? and you need to read it ? joker ( nod , read it again ) I want to get it right . knock knock . Murray make a face like , " okay , I will go along with this . " murray franklin who 's there ? joker ( look up from he notebook ) it 's the police , mar 'am . you son have be hit by a drunk driver . he 's dead . beat . 107 . 112 int . director' booth , studio 4b - continuous 112 the associate producer try not to laugh , but she can not help it . the director look over at she like she 's lose she mind . director ( shake he head ) okay , ready camera two . take two . ready Three . Three . on the monitor , some of the audience crack up . joker smile at the response . Murray Franklin shake he head , smirk at the joke despite himself . murray franklin ( on monitor ) so , Arthur , you tell I backstage that you -- joker lean over interrupt Murray , whisper something to he . 113 int . talk show set , stage - studio 4b - continuous 113 Murray nod as joker whisper . murray franklin ( bemuse smile ; patronize ) right . sorry . I mean joker -- you tell I backstage that you mother 's a big fan of the show , that she never miss it . joker put the notebook back in he pocket . cross he leg , start to get a bit more comfortable . joker that 's right , Murray . but she 's dead now . the audience laugh . murray franklin ( go along with the " joke " ) hold on . you mother 's dead ? joker yeah . she be . Murray 's not sure if this be part of he act . 108 . murray franklin okay . what about you father ? do he watch the show ? laughter from the crowd . joker I do not know who my father be , Murray . turn out I be adopt and sexually assault by my mother 's boyfriend . a few in the audience groan . a couple even laugh . still think it 's just joker 's edgy , off - kilter sense of humor . Don Ellis play " wha-wha - wha - whuuuuh " on he trumpet from the band stand . dr . sally friedman ahhhh ! no , no , -- you can not joke about that . murray franklin ( shake he head ; irritate ) yeah , that 's not funny , that 's not the kind of humor we do on this show . Murray glance over at gene in the wing . he give he the " wrap it up " sign . joker ( just keep go , on a roll ) sorry . it 's be a rough few month , Murray . I mean , after my mother die , the police come to question I at she funeral . who do that ? murray franklin ( too easy ) oh really ? be you a suspect ? the audience laugh . joker very funny , Murray . no , they come because I kill that three Wall Street guy . beat . 109 . Studio audience can not tell if he 's joke or not . Murray can not either . murray franklin ( look at he confuse ) okay . I be wait for the punchline . joker there be no punchline . it 's not a joke . 114 int . director' booth , studio 4b - continuous 114 the director stare at the monitor . director do he just confess to kill the Wall Street Three ? technical director ( horrify ) yeah . I think he do . associate producer ( turn to the director , nod ) he definitely do . director Jesus Christ . ( hit the camera talk button , into mic ) camera Three , get in close . angle on monitor , camera Three zoom in close on joker 's face . 115 int . talk show set , stage - continuous 115 gene ufland be now stand up from he chair . motion for Murray to kill the interview . Murray shake he head to himself . this be a big " get , " it could be great television . murray franklin ( turn back to joker ; with gravitas ) you be serious , be not you ? you be tell we you kill that three boy on the subway . why should we believe you ? 110 . joker ( shrug ) I get nothing leave to lose , Murray . nothing can hurt I anymore . this be my fate , it be always my fate . my life be nothing but a comedy . 116 int . sophie' apartment , live room - continuous 116 Sophie 's sit on she couch watch this interview play out on tv . gigi 's asleep next to she . the open envelope and the money be lie on the coffee table . no sign of the flower anywhere . murray franklin ( on tv ) let I get this straight , you think kill that young man be funny ? joker ( on tv ) yeah . but comedy be subjective , be not that what they say ? besides , the way I see it , what happen be a good thing . all of you , gotham , the system that know so much , you decide , you decide what 's right and wrong . what 's real or what 's make up . the same way you decide what 's funny or not . Sophie edge forward on the couch , can almost see a hint of agreement on she face . 117 int . talk show set , stage - studio 4b - continuous 117 back on set , we can tell by the way Murray 's now interview joker , talk to he slower , more thoughtfully , that he think this be gonna get he a Emmy ... maybe even a peabody . murray franklin ( beat ) okay , I think I understand . you do it to start a movement , to become a symbol . joker c'mon , Murray , do I look like the kind of clown who could start a movement ? I kill that guy because they be awful . everybody 's awful this day . it 's enough to make anyone crazy . 111 . murray franklin so that 's it , you be crazy . that 's you defense for kill three young man ? because they be mean to you ? joker no . they could not carry a tune to save they life . some audible groan from the audience . joker why be everyone so upset about this guy ? because Thomas Wayne go and cry about they on tv ? murray franklin you have a problem with Thomas Wayne , too ? joker yeah . I do . everything come so easy for he . murray franklin and what 's wrong with that ? joker have you see what it 's like out there , Murray ? do you ever actually leave the studio ? everybody just yell and scream at each other . nobody 's civil anymore . nobody think what it 's like to be the other guy . you think man like Thomas Wayne , man at ease , ever think what it 's like to be a guy like I ? to be anybody but themselves . ( shaking he head , voice rise ) they do not . they think we will all just sit there and take it like good little boy . that we will not werewolf and go wild . well , this be for all of you out there . joker " howl at the moon . " it 's fuck weird . 112 . 118 int . station squad room - 7th precinct - continuous 118 officer and detective jumping into action , rush past a small portable black &amp ; white television sit on one of the desk , hear one of they shout -- police lieutenant ( os ) that asshole just confess to kill that Wall Street guy on fuck live tv ! angle on the little tv , tight two - shot of joker look at Murray . murray franklin ( on tv ) ( shake he head ) so much self - pity , Arthur . you sound like you be make excuse for kill three young man . not everybody 's awful . 119 int . talk show set , stage - studio 4b - continuous 119 back on set . joker look straight at Murray . joker you be awful , Murray . there be no more laughter . the audience be watch this exchange with full attention . murray franklin I ? how be I awful ? joker play my video , invite I on the show , -- you just want to make fun of I . well it 's easy to laugh at frankenstein on a crowded beach , be not it ? you be just like the rest of they , Murray . everything come too easy for you . murray franklin ( on the spot ; defensive ) you do not know the first thing about I , pal . look what happen because of what you do , Arthur , what it lead to . there be riot out there . two policeman be in critical condition , someone be kill today . 113. joker nod in agreement , yeah , it 's because of what he do . joker how about another joke , Murray ? what do you get when you cross a mentally - ill loner with a system that abandon he and treat he like trash ? Murray pause for a minute , not really listen to joker , suddenly realize the seriousness of the situation . he start to turn to camera -- joker ( pull randall 's gun ) I will tell you what you get . you get what you fuck deserve , -- and as Murray Franklin turn back to he , joker shoot the side of murray' head off -- blood splatter all over the back of the set . some spraying in joker 's face . audience scream ! Dr. Sally dive for the floor . 120 int . sophie' apartment , live room - continuous 120 Sophie scream and jump to she foot horrify ! waking up gigi who start to cry when she see what 's on television -- on the television , joker get up and walk right up to the camera . blood spray over he white paint face . hear the studio audience still scream , bedlam all around he . joker ( on tv ) ( look straight into camera ; scream Murray 's signature sign off ) good night and always remember , -- that's life ! and as joker wave goodbye to the home audience , a black &amp ; white " indian - head test pattern " cut off the show -- " please stand by " herb alpert be " Spanish flea " play underneath . beat . 114 . 121 int . talk show set , stage - continuous 121 back live in the studio , joker' tackled by two security guard and some stagehand , still hear scream of terror from the audience around he . he face hit the shiny floor as if in slow motion -- and we hear the soft and familiar open to ferrante &amp ; teicher 's piano version of " send in the clown " . CUT to : 122 int . gotham squad car ( moving ) , gotham street - night 122 joker gazing out the window , at all the violence and madness in the city . we only see it in the reflection of the glass ... the fire burn ... the mob crowd the street . joker 's handcuff in the back of the squad car move slowly through the rioting , siren wail , red light flash , blood still splatter on he face . stay on joker' face as he hear the police radio crackling , report of rioter in " joker " mask set fire , break window , looting store . the image reflect in the window start to speed up as the officer drive weave faster through the chaos . police officer # 1 ( os ) look what you cause , you freak , the whole city 's on fire because of you . and joker bang he head hard against the steel mesh cage -- bam . police officer # 2 ( os ) keep it up , asshole . watch what happen when we get to the station . he bang he head again . bam . bam . some blood be form on he forehead -- police officer # 1 ( os ) ( glance at joker in the back seat , shouting ) -- calm the fuck down , you be not go anywhere ! and when the cop drive turn back , catch a glimpse of someone or something run out into the street in front of the speed squad car -- 115 . close on joker as the squad car swerve out of the way , joker bang up against the door -- craaaassshhhhhh !!!! the squad car hit a park car hard and flip over , slide across the street on its roof -- 123 ext . squad car ( sliding ) , STREET - continuous 123 SPARKS fly until finally the upside down squad car come to a stop . smoke rise from the wreck . ferrante &amp ; teicher 's piano only version of " send in the clown " still play ... both police officer in the front seat be either unconscious or dead . we see movement in the back seat , hard to tell what 's go on inside . suddenly the back door kick open -- and joker fall out of the car , landing hard on the street , one hand free , handcuffs dangle from he other hand . hear siren in the distance -- joker leans back against the car , he face bloody , he body break from the crash . sitting there amongst the wreckage , can still see and hear the chaos , the fire burn all around he . he reach for a jag shard of break glass -- and pause for moment catch he breath , hand hold the jag glass rest on he lap , wail siren get closer , look like he 's about to cut he wrist -- 124 ext . movie theater , STREET - uptown - continuous 124 a well -heeled crowd letting out of a movie theater , the violence have even reach up here , the nice part of town ... siren wail , gang of punk wear " joker " mask run past , break car window , fire burn ... catch a glimpse of the light up marquee list the film play , " blow out " and " Zorro the Gay blade " . hear " send in the clown " still play ... from behind see a silhouetted couple and there kid hurry down the dark side of the street , ducking into a alley to avoid the chaos -- catch a glimpse of a punk in a " joker " mask follow after they pull a gun -- 116 . 125 ext . squad car ( upside down ) , STREET - continuous 125 joker lift the jag shard of glass , handcuff swinging ... pass by he wrist ... and start cut into the slit on one corner of he mouth , make he smile longer and wider . blood pour down he face , onto he hand ... joker tear into the other side of he mouth , jag glass rip into he flesh , spurting blood , handcuff swinging -- siren on top of he , red light flash over he face -- angle on joker lit up red , do cut he smile , let go of the jag bloody shard ... leans he head back against the squad car , and close he eye , cover in he own blood . he 's finish . now he be the joker . 126 ext . alley , movie theater - continuous 126 from behind , family in the shadow see the guy 's eye go wide behind the mask , point he gun , music swell -- punk ( shouting ) you still think we be all fuck clown ? and the punk shoot the man . reaches out and grab something off the woman 's neck before he shoot she as well . both fall to the ground dead . revealing they young son stand behind they -- close on EIGHT -year -old bruce wayne , close he eye as blood spray across he face . he open he eye and look up scared at the man in the " joker " mask who kill he parent , Thomas and martha Wayne . " send in the clown " end . CUT to black . a long beat . hear laughter . the sound of a man totally crack up . fade in : 127 int . arkham state hospital , interview room - morning 127 close on joker , tear in he eye from laugh so hard . he 's enjoy it , not try to get it under control . 117 . his head 's be shave . he look medicate or maybe even lobotomize . wearing white institutional clothes . he new smile be all stitched up , cut deep up the corner of he mouth . form a longer , " happier " smile . he 's sit across from a overworked hospital doctor ( 50' ) , African american woman . somehow it 's the exact same room joker imagine he mother be in some 30 year ago . the room and the doctor also look vaguely similar to the social worker and she office in the open scene . the doctor just sit there , wait for he to stop laugh . a weathered notebook be on the table in front of he . finally , joker stop himself . hospital doctor what 's so funny ? he take a deep breath , he eye be glaze over . his voice be scratchy , like he do not use it much . joker -- just think of this joke . hospital doctor do you want to tell it to I ? beat . joker no . hospital doctor because you do not think I will get it ? joker because it 's personal , it 's between I and he . beat . hospital doctor okay . be the medication work ? how 's you sleep ? joker ( nod yes ) ... hospital doctor how be you feel ? 118. joker good . everything 's good now . hospital doctor have you be write in you journal ? joker slowly nod . hospital doctor great . I want to make sure you be keep up with it . joker ( beat ) yeah . hospital doctor have you write about you episode ? about what happen ? joker how I remember it . hospital doctor ( be : the journal ) can I see ? joker slide he journal across to she . she pick it up and flip through the page -- angle on journal , blank page after blank page , there 's nothing inside of it . the doctor look up at he confuse . angle on joker , a smile creep across he face . and we hear the groovy organ open to frank sinatra 's anthem " that 's life " ... beat . 128 int . hallway , arkham state hospital - morning 128 from behind , see joker shuffle down the hallway past all the other mental patient , a orderly by he side . Sinatra start sing . and joker do a slide step to the music like he can hear it too ... into a skip ... and another slide step into a spin ... Dancing down the hallway into the sunset ... Iris out : 119 . " that 's life " keep play over credit .