jonah jonah < !-- /* font definition */ @font -face {font - family : courier ; panose - 1:0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ; mso-font-charset :0 ; mso-generic-font-family : modern ; mso-font-format :other ; mso-font-pitch : fix ; mso-font-signature :3 0 0 0 1 0 ; } @font -face {font -family : " New York " ; panose - 1:0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ; mso-font-charset :0 ; mso-generic-font-family :roman ; mso-font-format :other ; mso-font-pitch : variable ; mso-font-signature :3 0 0 0 1 0 ; } /* style definition */ P. msonormal , li. msonormal , div . msonormal {mso-style -parent : " " ; margin:0 in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace:none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font-family : " New York " ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; } p.general , li.general , div . general {mso-style-name : general ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.25in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:1.25in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; } p.sceneheading , li.sceneheading , div . scenehthead {mso-style - name : " scene heading " ; mso-style-next : action ; margin-top:12.0pt ; margin-right:1.25in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:1.25in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; text -transform : uppercase ; } p.action , li.action , div . action {mso-style - name : action ; margin-top:12.0pt ; margin-right:1.25in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:1.25in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; } p.charactername , li.charactername , divorce charactername {mso-style - name : " character name " ; mso-style-next :dialog ; margin-top:12.0pt ; margin-right:2.25in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:3.25in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; text -transform : uppercase ; } p.parenthetical , li.parenthetical , divorce parenthetical {mso-style-name : parenthetical ; mso-style-next :dialog ; margin- top:0in ; margin-right:2.75in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.75in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; } p.dialog , li.dialog , div . dialog {mso-style -name : dialog ; mso-style-next : action ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.25in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.25in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; } p.transition , li.transition , div . transition {mso-style-name : transition ; mso-style - next : " scene heading " ; margin-top:12.0pt ; margin-right:1.25in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:4.25in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; text -transform : uppercase ; } p.shot , li.shot , div . shot {mso-style - name : shot ; mso-style-next : action ; margin-top:12.0pt ; margin-right:1.25in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:1.25in ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; mso-pagination:none ; text-autospace :none ; font-size:12.0pt ; font -family : courier ; mso-fareast-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; mso-bidi-font-family : " Times New Roman " ; text -transform : uppercase ; } /* page definition */ @page {mso-page-border-surround -header : no ; mso-page-border-surround-footer:no ; mso-footnote-numbering-restart:each-section ; } @page section1 {size :8.5in 11.0in ; margin:1.0in 0 in 1.0in 0in ; mso-header-margin:.5in ; mso-footer-margin:.5in ; mso-paper-source :0 ; } div.section1 {page : section1 ; } --> body { margin- top :0 !important ; pad - top:0 !important ; min-width:800 px !important ; } .wb-autocomplete-suggestions { text -align : leave ; cursor : default ; border : 1 px solid #ccc ; border-top : 0 ; background : # fff ; box -shadow : - 1 px 1 px 3 px rgba ( 0,0,0 , .1 ) ; position : absolute ; display : none ; z-index : 2147483647 ; max -height : 254px ; overflow : hide ; overflow -y : auto ; box-size : border-box ; } .wb-autocomplete-suggestion { position : relative ; pad : 0 .6em ; line-height : 23px ; white -space : nowrap ; overflow : hide ; text -overflow : ellipsis ; font-size : 1.02em ; color : # 333 ; } .wb-autocomplete-suggestion b { font-weight : bold ; } .wb-autocomplete-suggestion. select { background : # f0f0f0 ; } jul aug sep 22 2015 2016 2017 76 capture 18 jun 2003 - 22 aug 2016 about this capture collected by Organization : alexa crawl start in 1996 , alexa Internet have be donate they crawl data to the Internet Archive . flow in every day , this data be add to the wayback Machine after a embargo period . Collection : alexa crawl start in 1996 , alexa Internet have be donate they crawl data to the Internet Archive . flow in every day , this data be add to the wayback Machine after a embargo period . __wm.bt ( 550,27 , 25 , 2 , " web " , " http://www.scifiscripts.com:80/cartoon/jonah_script.htm " , " 2016-08-22 " ,1996 ) ; jonah V 4.1 '' 05/08/02 Big idea production , Inc . Black night sfx . we hear the faint sound of a guitar frantically strumm a " rafi " type folk song and the engine of a minivan . fade in : exterior - night . side of wood , winding rural road . the road and surround wood be very dark - silhouett against a cloudy full moon sky . the guitar and engine noise grow louder as we see head light appear . a porcupine scurries across the road . a minivan full of veggie kid pass by the camera , revealing the darken wood once again . Interior - night . veggie van . jr. asparagus , percy , annie and LAURA be sit and sing in the second and third row of the van . LAURA be hold a ticket . dad asparagus be sit in the front passenger seat and face toward the kid - sing and " play " the guitar . they be on they way to a " twippo " concert and be all very excited except for bob the tomato - he 's perturb and not sing , drive and fumble with a map . kide and dad now billy Joe mcguffrey be a really clumsy kid on the 1st day of 1st grade I will tell you what he do he trip over a pencil box flew up in the air land on a kangaroo who pull out all he hair he need 1st aid ( clap ) in the 1st grade ( clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 1st grade ( clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 1st grade ( clap ) you could a buy a zoo with all the doctor bill he pay ! oh billy Joe mcguffrey be a really clumsy kid on the 2nd day of 2nd grade I will tell you what he do he slip on a banana peel flew up in the sky land on a chimpanzee who poke he in the eye he need 1st aid ( clap ) in the 2nd grade ( 2 clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 2nd grade ( 2 clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 2nd grade ( 2 clap ) you could a buy a zoo with all the doctor bill he pay ! bob ( under breath ) ... Route 59 ? bob , while fumble with the map , inadvertently hit the headlight switch - turn they off . near black . bob startles . Bob ( cont would ) aaaah ! light ! aaaah ! dad accidently smack bob in the back of the head with the neck of the guitar . as the kid be sing in near black , we hear Bob frantically try to find the light switch - map rustling , tire squealing , engine revving , etc .... bob ( cont would ) ( ad lib ) whoa ... light ! light ! light ! exterior - night . winding rural road . headlight back on . camera street level as the van pass over it . we cut to a rear view to see the van drive on . a beam of moon light reveal a " porcupine crossing " hazard sign . interior - night . veggie van . bob give dad a stern glance . dad remain happily " strumm " the guitar . kide and dad now billy Joe mcguffrey be a really clumsy kid on the 3rd day of 3rd grade I will tell you what he do he fall out of a fishing boat splash into the sea land on a moray eel who bit he on the knee he need 1st aid ( clap ) in the 3rd grade ( 3 clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 3rd grade ( 3 clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 3rd grade ( 3 clap ) you could a buy a zoo with all the doctor bill he pay ! LAURA look down at she ticket , smile . it read , " in concert - twippo ! backstage pass " LAURA ( reverently - with awe ) ... I get to meet twippo ... Laura pick the song right up again ... song have be increase in tempo and be now at a fevere pitch . dad twelfth grade ! kide and dad now billy Joe mcguffrey be a really clumsy kid on the 12th day of 12th grade I will tell you what he do walk into financial aid fell and break a bone show they all he bill and get a great big College loan ! and he get 1st aid ( clap ) in the 12th grade ( 12 clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 12th grade ( 12 clap ) 1st aid ( clap ) in the 12th grade ( 12 clap ) you could a buy a zoo or two with all the doctor bill he pay ! you could a buy a zoo or two with all the doctor bill he pay ! Big ending . kide cheer and dad strum wildly at end of song . kide hurray !! kide comment : percy let 's do another twippo song ! annie I love twippo ! JR I too ! LAURA ( hold she ' special ' ticket aloft ) but I be the only one who get to meet he , because I win the twippo sweepstake ! laura' ticket be proudly display in junior 's face as she deliver she line . JR ya do not have to rub it in ! dad it 's great that you win the contest , Laura , but let 's try not to brag about it . ( to Bob ) Nice one with the light , Bob ! bob , cover in map , receive dad 's sincere compliment sarcastically ( with a force smile and laugh ) . he then snap angrily : bob my pleasure . for the next song , maybe I can drive into the river ! dad startles at bob 's aggression . kide ( cheer , then sing ) yeah ! drive into the river Bob ! oh ! drive into the river Bob !... bob ( cont would over kid 's ) or maybe ... you could help I with the map ! exterior - night . winding rural road . dad oh ... I be sorry . we see dad lean over attempt to help bob . map rustle around , impair bob be vision once again . Van swerve and squeal . interior - night . veggie van . laura ( to junior - teasing and wave ticket in he face . ) be there anything you want I to tell twippo , when I meet he ? tire squeal as van swerve . Laura lose she balance and fall against the side of the van . the ticket fly out a side window . dad Laura ! laura ( gasp !!! ) exterior - night . winding rural road . we watch the ticket fly out the window and past the camera . interior . van - night LAURA ( scream ) my ticket !!!!! Bob startles , accidently turn the wheel and lose he grip on the map . bob wha -? dad startles , whack Bob again with he guitar , which only make the situation worse . dad huh ? wha ... Quick ! get it ! ex T. wind road -night the van tire squeal , as Bob try to regain control . bob the map !! guitar bo off Bob 's head . dad sorry ! bob aaah ! laura ( irate ) my ticket !!!!! guitar get stick in the steering wheel . Bob do you mind ? dad I be stick . ( grunt ) dad struggle to free the guitar . he be excited when he finally pull it free , but both dad and Bob be horrify as they realize that the steering wheel be pull off , still stick to the guitar . all aaaahhhh ! Bob get it on ! fix it ! put it back ! much chaos . Van out of control . we hear more yell , guitar boing , etc .... in the foreground , a family of porcupine - a momma and 2 kid , be crossing the road . the van be head right at they ! we cut to the momma porcupine 's reaction . she 's shocked and terrify ! she look to she baby . cute , innocent and unaware of the danger , they look back at she with kink head and blink . momma porcupine look tenderly at she baby , then turn angrily toward the approach van . dramatically , she " wind - up " . interior - night . veggie van . we cut back to Bob as the map fall below he eye . he react in terror to what he then see : momma porcupine have she quilled back toward the van with she head turn - look right at he . the baby stand innocently and blink . bob porcupine ! exterior - night . winding rural road . momma porcupine then " pitch " a swarm of quill at the front tire . we follow the flight of the quill on the " quill cam " as they punch into the tire . we hear a couple of explosion from the tire pop . interior - night . veggie van . all aaahh ! exterior - night . winding rural road . the van perform some donut as it continue forward . much scream . Bob spin the wheel wildly , try to regain control of the van . the porcupine watch in interest as the " scream " van spin off the side of the road and head down a steep wood hill that lead to a river ! Bob steer wildly as the van head through some brush ... the kid in the back scream in terror . in rapid succession , Bob must avoid a series of obstacle , which dad call out like a highly - caffeinate sport announcer . dad Tree !!!! Bob swerve wildly to miss a huge tree . cut to kid in the back , bounce up and down and scream as if they be riding bike down a flight of stair . dad ( cont would ) cabin !!!! Bob swerve wildly to miss a small fisherman' cabin . he avoid the obstacle , but head right toward the fisherman 's clothesline , a sturdy , multi-line job strung with several item of clothing , most prominently , a large pair of polka-dotted boxer short . dad ( cont would ) underwear !!!!!! Bob can not turn in time , and the van head right through the clothesline , with the boxer short plaster across the windshield . the kid startle and scream as if a alien have just land on the windshield . amazingly , the 5 nylon cord of the clothesline hold tight , and slow the van to a stop like a small plane catch by cartoon power line . with visible and audible tension , the stretch cord hold the van still at a 45 degree angle on the side of the hill , no more than 20 foot from the river . kid aaaaaahhh ! interior van -night all be still . kid be silent , in shock . after a moment , Bob turn to look back and say ... bob heh , heh ... well I be glad that 's over ! there be a loud " poing ! " sfx . Bob snap to dad , who still have not move . bob ( cont would ) do you say something ? another " poing , " and now we see what it be . the nylon cord of the clothesline be snap , one by one . bob ( cont would ) ( eye widen ) oh ... dad ( eye widen ) ... dear ... poing ! poing ! poing ! the last 3 cord snap in rapid succession , and the van lurch toward the river . the kid ' eye widen and they all press back against they seat in unison , and everyone scream like mad ! all aaaaaaaaah !!!!!! ext. hill -night as the van roll perilously toward the river , a low - angle shot reveal a thick tree stump in its path , about bumper-height , unnotice by the van 's occupant . as they scream and roll ahead , suddenly the bumper meet the tree stump , and the van stop cold , no more than 6 foot from the river interior . van - night the tree stump stop the van cold , but also fire both front seat airbag , which inflate and completely engulf Bob and dad 's face . the scream die out . silence . the kid be afraid to blink . the airbag remain completely inflate , engulf Bob and dad who stare into they motionless ... wonder if they be dead . after a pause , and not quite sure what have happen , Bob speak . bob ( sfx - talk in balloon ) be I in ... heaven ? beat . there be dust in the air from the airbag . dad ( sniff ) smell like ... Wisconsin . the kid finally let they breath out , and fall back into they seat . kide ( exhale / sigh ) phew !!! ext . riverside - night ls of the van at the bank of the river . after a pause , the slide passenger side door open and we see the veggie kid and dad peek out into the moonlit night . Dust be settling . Bob pop through the crowd , look around and exit the van . he look around a little more . bob well . nobody get hurt ! we hear the fly quill sfx and a doink . bob ( cont would ) aaaahhhh ! bob look over he " shoulder " to find a small quill stick in he behind . we hear high pitch laugh . dad look back up the hill and see the three porcupine stand where the van leave the road . this time one of the baby have he back to Bob - as if he be the one responsible for the " shot " . his mother and sibling be laugh approvingly . dad wow . what a shot ! bob ( in pain ) hrrrgrrr . JR hey ! what 's that ? everyone direct they attention to that which Jr. have observe . it 's a old rundown shack under a bridge along the bank of the river . the light from the building glow eerily , dimly illuminate the surround landscape . a Red neon sign read " seafoo " buzze . there be a dock attach to the restaurant to which be tie a couple decrepid rowboat and a larger " pirate " type ship ( see " the Pirates that do not do anything 's " ship ) . a fog rise from the river which overflow onto the land . a fog horn sound and a ship bell ring . a occasional seagull call fill the air . eerie . cut back to we group 's reaction . all ( except bob , ) oooooh . annie what 's " seafoo " ? percy ... maybe it 's like ... tofu. dad ... only saltier . cut back to the restaurant . a " D " on the end of the sign flicker a few time , revealing the real word , " seafood " . all aaahhhhh . fade to : Black . fade in : Interior - night . lobby of seafood restaurant we hear Jr. teasing Laura and Bob scolding dad as we group come through the front door of the seafood restaurant . it 's set up like a typical Red lobster with a hostess station and wait area in the lobby , bathroom and telephone off to the side and a dining room beyond a clam and lobster montage arch . Jean Claude and phillipe pea be the host and be stand on the host podium . the wall be fill with every imaginable sea creature - both stuff and paint . fishing net hang . a picture of ahab and moby Dick adorn the wall , as well . the atmosphere be very mysterious and " salty . " the Pirates who do not do anything 's theme in a " moody / nautical " style be play over the audio system . dialogue be occur simultaneously : bob oh yeah ? well , if it be not for you we would not be in this mess ! dad I say I be sorry ... I will do better next time ! bob there be not gonna be a next time !! annie Mr. Bob ?... how be we gonna get to the twippo concert ? percy ya ! we be gonna miss the bald bunny song ! bob ( very disgruntled ) I dunno !... I do not know about any bald ... bunny ... laura even if we make it to the concert - I can not get in ! I lose my ticket ! jr. serve you right ! it 's you own fault for wave it around in my face !! percy ( sing ) I be a bald bunny , be not get no fur I be a bald bunny , brrr brrr brrr . annie I have to go to the bathroom . dad you know I be usually not that clumsy in the car ... usually I be quite dexterous . bob two flat tire . how in the world be we gonna change two flat tire ?... where 's the phone ?... percy ( sing ) I be a bald bunny , look kinda silly I be a bald bunny , feel really chilly ... laura ( mourn ) I lose my ticket ! JR ( to Laura ) if you have not be teasing I with it , we might not be in this mess , Laura ! Laura look down sadly . jean claude and phillip pea observe we friend as they enter the restaurant and put up with the racket momentarily , then can take no more ... Jean claude & phillip ( clear throat , together ) eh.. eh .. ahem ... May we help you ? we friend stop in they track and look up to the impose host . they all pause for a moment then blurt out simultaneously : bob the asparagus whacked I in the head with a guitar and we van get take out by a mad porcupine , then another one get I ... bob turn around and show he back side with the quill stick out . percy ( sing ) bald , bald , bunny , bunny look over there bunny ! Hair over there bunny ! what fur ? that fur ! there 's some fur bald bunny ! dad maybe it 's because I be use to the ukulele ... the neck be so much short ... yeah ... that 's why ... say ... I need to call my wife ... do you have a phone ? JR Laura be teasing I with she " special ticket , " and then it fly right out the window and she scream and make the van crash .. Jr turn to Laura JR ( cont would ) and now none of we get to see twippo ! annie wait for everyone to finish shouting , then comment sweetly : annie May I please use the bathroom ? jean claude and phillipe look at each other then turn back to the crowd . phillipe down the hall , first door on the leave . annie thank you . annie hop off toward the bathroom . there be a video game at the end of the hall , as well . percy look on . percy oooh ! Captain ahab 's moby blaster ! my favorite ! percy follow annie down the hall . jean claude what do you want ? bob well sir ... the asparagus hit I in the head with a guitar and a angry mother porcupine shot out we tire and one of she baby get I ... bob turn he bottom toward peas jean claude & phillipe oooh . dad ... and I need to use you phone to call ... bob ( cut off dad ) a tow truck . dad ... my wife . jean claude I see . phillipe ( to dad ) next to the moby blaster . dad thanks . dad hop off toward the phone . bob , jr. and LAURA remain . jean claude ... well ... in the meantime , would you like to have a seat ? maybe enjoy a nice ... combo platter ?... cheesy drum start up ... jean claude & phillipe ( sing ) Steak ! Steak ! eat it ! eat it ! shrimp ! shrimp ! need it ! need it ! Steak and shrimp ! Steak and shrimp ! need to ! need to ! eat it ! eat it ! jean claude and phillipe do a little dance as they sing . drum stop as abruptly as they start . bob , LAURA and JR look at each other , concerned . bob return a cautious nod . interior - night . dine room of seafood restaurant bob , LAURA and JR hop toward they table . they be lead by jean claude ( menus in hand ) and follow by phillipe . phillipe take note of the quill in bob be behind . the pirate who don't do anything theme music play over the sound system . phillipe do you prefer " poke " or " non-poke ? " bob return a annoyed , force laugh to phillip be bad pun . bob heh heh heh ... non . jean claude good one phillipe ! you be one clever pea , no ? phillipe ( with he little french laugh ) un huh huh ! phillipe " yank " the quill out . this can be imply with a sound effect ( " doink " ) and then show phillipe hold the quill . bob aaah ! phillipe stop hopping and stand there examine the quill as jean claude continue with the other three . phillipe ( look at quill ) whala ! a skewer for zee scampi ! phillipe hop back toward the kitchen , revealing ( rack focus ) three scraggly pirate in a booth . it 's " the Pirates who do not do anything " : pa grape , Mr. lunt and Larry . they join into the intercom music lazily sing like old high school football player reminisc about they glory day : pirate ( sing ) we be the Pirates who do not do anything ! we just stay home and lie around ! and if you ask we to do anything , we will just tell you ... we do not do anything ! cut back to jean claude , bob , JR and LAURA as they reach they booth . coincidently , it be right beside where the pirate be sit . the booth be divide by a sheet of translucent plexiglas . we hear the light , lazy banter of the pirate ( have finish they little chorus ) beyond the glass as background noise . jean claude please make yourselves comfortable , I will be back to take you order ... jean claude place menus on table and hop away . bob why do not you two wait here . I be gonna go call a tow truck . maybe we can still make it to the concert on time . bob hop off . laura ( sadly ) yeah ... everyone but I ... jr hey , it 's you own fault for teasing I ! you be just get what you deserve ! LAURA be frustrated and hurt . she look to bob hopping off . Jr. smile , self - righteously . LAURA ( frustrated noise ) hrrrrrrrg ... I be come with you Mr. Bob ... pirate [ add lib lazy comment ] LAURA hop off after bob . JR remain at the table , gloat in the " divine justice " of Laura 's plight . he look around the restaurant , take in the surroundings - which be slightly eerie once again . he can see the silhouettes of the pirate through the plexiglas . they continue they banter . he realize he be alone , and feel a little frighten . we return to jr. at the table . he nervously look around , then spot the menu in front of he . he open it up and start to read . we scan it as he read ... steak and shrimp ... $ 10.00 scampi on a skewer ... $ 7.50 scampi on a clean skewer ... $ 10.00 compassion ... market price this last item seem odd to JR . he raise a eyebrow . we hear a sliding sfx . PA grape Excuse I ! JR be take by surprise and startles . he drop he menu , revealing the pirate . they have sly back the translucent plexiglas from between the booth and now seem quite close . they be all stare at JR . JR aaaaah ! larry how 's it goin ? mr. lunt hey . what 's up ? JR ( still scared ) who be you ? pirate look around and behind themselves . PA grape who we ? JR think the question be obvious . JR ... yeah ... PA grape oh !... we be ... " the Pirates who do not do anything ! " ... mr. lunt oh you know that 's right . larry nothin ' . mr. lunt Zilch . larry nada . PA grape ... do n'tcha hear we song ? JR well .. yeah ... but ... PA grape look ... sonny ... can I call you sonny ? JR junior . PA grape hey ! pretty close ! look ... junior ... we could not help but notice you be havin ' a little thing with you friend over there . mr. lunt yeah . you be not be very nice ... JR well , it 's she own fault ! she be teasing I and now she 's get what she deserve ! PA grape right. ( pause ) junior ... we have see this type of situation before . mr. lunt happens all the time . PA grape what you need be a little compassion . larry ... and maybe some scampi . JR throw off larry comment and comment to PA ; JR hey ... I see that in the menu ... what be that ? what 's compassion ? mr. lunt ooh . that 's a hard question . larry mmmm hmmm . PA grape well ... compassion be when ya see that someone need help , and ya wanna help them ! JR look confuse . PA grape ( cont would ) that 's what I think you would say . mr. lunt they all do . larry yep . PA grape we find it helpful to illustrate with a little story . JR seem interested . JR a story ? PA grape yep . you know , we call ourselves , " the Pirates who do not do anything . " but that 's not entirely accurate ... mr. lunt yeah ! remember when we do that one thing ... with that one guy ? PA grape oh do I ever ... larry ( dreamily ) I remember it like it be yesterday ... fade to : ext - day . marketplace of small , israeli town . 3 pirate approach merchant 's booth . Mr. nezzer be merchant . he eye they suspiciously , but with mild amusement , like one eye the town eccentric who insist on wear he underpant on the outside . nezzer be you guy still doin ' that ' pirate thing ? ' lunt ( resent statement ) arrgh !! watch yer tongue matey , or we will hafta ... ( to comrade after beat ) what will we do ? larry we will not do anything . we be ' the Pirates who do not do anything ' , remember ? lunt ( let down ) oh , that 's right . ( fierce again ) arrgh ! ya get off easy today ! nezzer give he a ' whatever ' look and go about he business . larry we need more " mister twisty 's twisted cheese curl ! " pa grape ya ! and root beer ! nezzer I tell you boy - no more cheese curl until you pay you tab ! you still owe I from last week ! lunt but , you will take away out chance to win the " mister twisty 's twisted cheese curl sweepstake ! " nezzer ... come again ? pa grape Inside one of that bag of cheesy goodness be a golden ticket that will change we life forever !! nezzer ( think ) well ... you could work here for I ... that way you could earn more cheese curl ... pirate [ great ! okay ! sound good ! etc . ] nezzer so , uh ... whadaya know how to do ? Pirates think . pa grape well ... I be pretty good at lawn dart ... larry ping-pong ! I can play ping - pong ! lunt croquet be my spe-ci-al - ity ... nezzer just stare at they . pa grape when do we start ? nezzer slam the gate down on he booth . pa grape ( cont would ) Monday 's good for I ... pa narrator ( v.o. ) we be short on cash . it seem not doin ' anything do not pay very well . lunt so , what do we do now ? larry mmm - nothing . lunt you be a genius ! Pirates exit , pass by booth where man be buy fish from ninevite . 2 ninevite have a pile of old fish in front of they . fly buzz around the pile . man be this fish fresh ? jean claude you bet ! phillipe oh , ya ! man sniff - fish be obviously rotten . he nearly faint , then turn and walk away indignantly . man oh ! jean claude what ?!? they be fresh when we catch they ... phillipe Zat 's right ... jean claude ... two week ago !! Jean claude & phillipe ha ha ! ha ha ha ! ha hee ! other ninevite laugh . cut to Larry - look on . larry ( concerned / disgust ) mm. ninevite . pa narrator ( vo ) beside the fact that we be low on fund , this be a memorable day because he show up ! Larry and other turn to look at a tall figure enter the market . it be jonah ( Archibald asparagus ) , riding very regally on he camel reginald . as pa speak , we watch jonah ride into the market as well as the reaction of the crowd to the presence of a prophet . ( score - theme 2b - 271 . ) pa narrator ( cont would ) jonah ! ( musical sting ) now jonah be a prophet of God - which mean he be one of the very special people God use to deliver message to Israel . he be kind of like a mailman , except he letter come straight from God !! ( pa get a little too excited on that line . ) ahem. anyway ... jonah love help he friend by bring they God 's message . sometimes the message be good , sometimes they be not so good . but when a prophet talk , everybody listen ! nezzer ( yell out ) what 's the word , jonah ? townspeople ( various ) ( what 's the word ? yeah , what 's the word ? ) jonah look around smartly , then pull up he camel . jonah stop right here , reginald . reginald rpbbpbpbf ! reginald snuffles and pull up short . from he demeanor , it be obvious that he too , be british . jonah glance around for a moment , then speak . Music start . jo nah dear people , I bring you a message from the Lord ! the crowd catch they breath and stiffen , fear the worst . crowd gasp ! jo nah oh ... it 's a message of encouragement ! crowd phew ! ( sigh ? ) crowd relax visibly . jonah ( sing ) do not fight , do not cheat , wash you hand before you eat , there be nothing quite as sweet - a message from the Lord ! be a friend , say you prayer , Heaven love a heart that care , that be why I have come to share a message from the Lord ! and if you follow God 's command - there will be peace throughout the land ! you will live long and happy life ! with you sheep - you kid - you wife !! jo nah ( cont would ) ( sing ) do not eat pig , show merchant sell pork product . he try to look inconspicuous . jonah ( cont would ) do not eat bat . merchant # 2 be sell " bat -on-a-stick " . he try to look inconspicuous . jonah ( cont would ) do not eat beetle , fly or gnat . merchant # 3 be sell , you guess it , bug burger . he too , try to look inconspicuous . jonah ( cont would ) stay away from all of that ! a message from the Lord ! 3 merchant pull out new sign or flip table over . all 3 be now sell bagel . jonah ( cont would ) ( sing ) do what 's right , do not provoke , jonah approach man wearing cloak . jo nah ( cont would ) ( sing ) put four tassel on you cloak . kid next to man crack up . jo nah ( cont would ) ( sing ) do not laugh , it 's not a joke ! a message from the Lord ! townspeople start to pick up song . jonah echoe each line with a " that 's right ! now you have get it ! " etc. townspeople ( sing ) do not fight , do not cheat , woman # 1 wash you hand before you eat , man # 1 there be nothing quite as sweet - woman # 2 a message from the Lord ! jo nah all together now ! townspeople ( sing ) be a friend , say you prayer , Heaven love a heart that care , that be why he come to share a message from the Lord ! repeat stanza instrumentally . tempo pick up - townspeople break into ' Oklahoma ' - style dance around market . townspeople resume sing at new tempo . townspeople ( cont would ) and if we follow God 's command - woman in cart yodel - ah-ha -ah townspeople there will be peace throughout we land ! women in cart yodel - ah-ha-ah townspeople we will live long and happy life ! with we sheep - we kid - we wife !! do what 's right , do not provoke , put four tassel on you cloak . do not laugh , it 's not a joke ! a message from the Lord ! jo nah do not do drug ! stay in school ! cockney townsperson this be quite a lot of rule ! jo nah follow they and you be no fool , a- townspeople follow they and you be no fool , a- jo nah follow they and you be no fool , all a message from the Lord !! jo nah follow they and you be no fool , all a message from the Lord ! a message from the Lord !! crowd strike a final pose - hold it for a few beat - then everyone go back to they business . jo nah alright , good show everyone ! thank you very much ! pa narrator ( vo ) that be pretty much jonah 's life ! town to town ... bring God 's message to he friend ... not a bad gig , overall ! dissolve to : ext - night . outside jonah 's tent . small , colorful tent set up on the edge of town . ( Big enough to stand up in , but would not hold more than 3 or 4 people . ) oil lamp be primary source of light , hang near tent 's small window . dissolve to : int - night . inside jonah 's tent . jonah be ready for bed , praying . either seat or stand , depend on act logistic . there be a map of Israel on the wall , paint on a large piece of papyrus . the map extend just enough to show nineveh in the far upper right corner . pa narrator so , every night before he go to sleep , jonah would pray and ask God if there be a new message for he to deliver . and this night , there be a message that would change jonah 's life ! jonah ( eye close - ' converse ' with God ) a new message ... yes ... what 's that ? people be unkind ? lying ? stealing ? oh , dear ! sound like a standard " turn and repent " to I . alright ... name the town ! I will be on my way first thing in the morning ! where be it ? jericho ? Damascus ? ( pause ) what ? nineveh ? jonah open he eye and scan he map . jo nah ( cont would ) ( confuse ) I be not aware of any nineveh 's in Israel ... no , I do not think ... ( pause - eye widen ) oh ... you mean that nineveh ? PA narrator ( Pan and zoom across map to nineveh . ) that nineveh be not in Israel at all ! it be the capital of assyria and it be the biggest , meanest city around ! ( show dark , scary city ) now , the people of nineveh be particularly mean to jonah 's people - the israelite . they lie ! they steal ! but worst of all , they slap people with fish ! ( show ninevite do the above to several israelite ) ninevite pea yes !! PA narrator they even slap each other with fish ! they do not know the difference between right and wrong . the ninevite be so mean , in fact , that most israelite - include jonah - wish God would just wipe nineveh off the face of the Earth ! ( show fire from heaven consume nineveh - comically ) ninevite pea ( yell ) pa narrator needless to say , jonah be shocked that God would want he to deliver a message to he enemy back to jonah . jonah ( confuse ) you - you do not want I to go there .... you do not know what nineveh be like ! perhaps you have never be there ... well , of course , you have not ! a god like you would never go to a place like nineveh ! for that matter , either would a prophet like I ! ha ha .. ( nervous laugh - then sing ) no , it cannot be ... you message be mean for I ... and my brother . we be you be choose people - and nineveh ... well , they be not ! there must be some mistake - a big misunderstanding . it 's really hard to take - how could you be so demand ? for year I have be you messenger from moresheth to gath . but nineveh should get no chance to turn - they have earn you wrath ! no , it cannot be ... you message be mean for I ... and my brother . we be you be choose people - and nineveh ... well , they be not ! ( speak ) we be the good guy ... they be the bad guy ! please , do not send I there with a message of you mercy ! ( sing ) Damascus or Jerusalem - I will be there in a minute ! any town in Israel , just ask I ! I will be in it ! shiloh , gilgal , jericho - just say the word ! but nineveh - that be just absurd ! joppa , aphek , jezreel - they be all just fine - but nineveh ... ( thoughtful ) oh , nineveh ... ( resolute ) no ! nineveh be where I draw the line ! jonah rip off section of map contain nineveh on close beat , cut a clear line across map . cut to : ext - night . jonah 's tent . near ground angle . glow in tent window be the only warm tone in a otherwise blue night scene . he 's the only one awake in town . jonah fling the crumpled up piece of map out the window . it bounce up near the camera . cut to : int - jonah 's tent . jonah lie back on he mat , stare up thoughtfully . jonah ( sing ) no , it cannot be ... you message be mean for I . he turn away from the camera and the wind pick up , blow out he small oil lamp . cut to black . int - night . seafood restaurant besides junior , a few more people have gather around to hear the story , Laura include . they be entrance . Laura be now sit beside junior , listen . pa grape yup . it sound like God want to offer mercy to jonah 's enemy . Bob return , slide into the booth , oblivious to the story . bob the tow truck 's on it 's way . ya know , junior , I love you dad and all , but that 's the last time I pick he for a copilot Bob notice the pirate stare . bob ( cont would ) uh ... what 's go on ? lunt slurp on he straw . pa stare at he for a beat . pa grape ahem ... we be tell a little story . you should listen , too . Bob glance around , then nod and smile feebly . pa grape ( cont would ) as I be say , it sound like God want to offer mercy to the ninevite . laura what 's ' mercy ' ? lunt it 's what this whole story be about ! junior I think it be about compassion ... remember ? the menu ? Mr. lunt look a little embarrassed . lunt uh , yeah . there 's that , too . pa grape better check you menu again - we get two special today ... and they go hand in hand ! junior pick up he menu , just in time to see " mercy ..... market price " fade in right beneath compassion . larry compassion be when you want to help someone who need help . mercy be when you give someone a second chance ... even if they do not deserve it ! this story be about both of they ! PA grape that 's right , my cucumber friend . ya can not have mercy without compassion ... but mercy be even more important ! jonah be afraid God be go to give nineveh a second chance - that he be go to help they even though they do not deserve it ! laura so what do he do ? dissolve to : ext - day . outside jonah 's tent . pa narrator well , never before have he get a message from God that he do not want to deliver ! he do not know what to do ! jonah back out of tent , shutting the flap behind he . no sooner do he turn around , than he be greet warmly by townspeople . jerry good morning , jonah ! what 's the word ? jonah start to panic . jo nah what ? nothing ! there be no word ! jerry ( surprised ) nothing at all ? jo nah no !! nothing at all ! now , if you will excuse I , I be very busy ! jonah hurry off , only to be greet by another townsperson . not zzer good morning jonah ! what 's the word ? jo nah ( very panicky ) stop it !! there be no word !! nothing !! ( to himself ) I have get to get out of here ! jonah start to run . nezzer look after , confuse . jo nah ( cont would ) ( run , look over shoulder to make sure no one 's follow ) there be no word ... I have no new message !! and above all , I be not ... go ... to ... nineveh !! jonah run face first into giant map of middle east , post next to a merchant 's booth advertising cruise ticket . cut to : ext - day. dockside . the merchant be scooter . he have a small booth right at the edge of the dock . he sell ticket for cruise out of this small port . there be several ship dock behind he , one of which belong to the Pirates . scooter sorry , sir ! I can not sell ya a ticket to nineveh ! jonah ( confuse ) what ?!? who be you ?!? scooter the name 's angus . I sell cruise ticket ! there 's nothing like a cruise on the great Sea to clean the sand outa yer wicket , aye ? but ya can not sail to nineveh ! it 's landlocked ! see ? ( gesture with a loud ' thwack ! ' to map with pointer ) ya can not go by sea ... ya gotta go by land ! jonah ( still confuse ) but I do not want to go to - jonah be interrupt by pass townspeople woman # 1 oh , hello Mr. jonah ! what 's the word ? scooter ah ! he 's goin ' to nineveh !! woman # 1 oh , really ? jonah ( erupt ) I be not go to nineveh ! why on Earth would I want to go to nineveh ?!? in fact , I be go in the opposite direction ! ( look to map ) what 's the furthest thing in the world from nineveh ? scooter well if you have a few day , you could sail down to Egypt ... it 's lovely this time of year ... something on the map have catch jonah 's eye . he be not listen . jonah there ! I want to go there ! camera follow jonah 's gaze to the far end of the map - to a area call " tarshish . " scooter wha -? tarshish ? why , that would take week ! it 's the other end of the world !! jonah perfect ! how much ? scooter even if you have the money , no one around here have the time to sail all the way to tarshish ... scooter notice one of the Pirates loung above deck in a recliner , listen to they theme song on a cheap , am radio . scooter ( cont would ) then again ... jonah notice Pirates as well . cut to : ext - day . pirate ship - above deck . all 3 Pirates be line up , explain why they can not possibly sail to tarshish . pa grape ( overlap ) we could not possibly ... we be very busy with ... cargo ... and stuff ... lunt you know , Pirates have to pillage and plunder and ... uh , that really take it out of you ... larry ... and alf be on in a half - hour so I do not think we should ... uh ... pa grape ... and besides that , we do not really sail . ( beat ) at all . ( beat ) so the answer be ' no . ' jonah ( after a pause ) money be no object . pregnant pause . the Pirates be motionless . then pa grape break the silence . pa grape next stop , tarshish ! I will hoist the mainsail ! larry I will pop the popcorn ! lunt I will get the moist towelettes ! where do we put they ? hey , Larry , have you see the towelettes ? larry I get it ! I get it ! lunt no , that be baby wipe . they will dry you skin out . Pirates scurry around like crazy , imagine all the cheese curl they newfound wealth will buy . jonah smile - relieved - but then look a bit concerned as he realize he be now ' officially ' run away from God . the Pirates prattle on as they ship move away from the dock under full sail . sail erratically , they careen into the ship next to they as they head toward the open sea . pa grape ( os ) sorry ! my fault !! pa narrator even though we would never sail before , we take to it like a fish to water ! cut to Larry stand dramatically in the crow 's nest , spyglass to he eye . he scan the sea aggressively . he spot something . larry thar she blow ! cut to lunt , stare up at he from the deck lunt where ? larry ( look down at the deck ) right there ! next to the grill ! we cut to Larry 's Pov through the telescope to show a ping - pong ball on the deck of the ship next to the bbq grill . lunt move into shot . cut to lunt on deck . lunt get it ! lunt take the ball to the pint pong table . pa be stand on the top of one side of the table with paddle . jonah stand behind the opposite side , hold paddle lethargically . pa grape 6 - 0 ! pa serve the ball . it bounce right past jonah , who make no attempt to hit it . he 's too depressed to try . he watch it bounce off the table and over toward the grill . pa grape ( cont would ) 7 - 0 ! that 's a skunk ! I win ! jonah look on dryly . lunt and Larry cheer . lunt and Larry yeah ! yippee pa grape whadaya say , jonah ? 2 out of 3 ? jonah ahh ... no. I be do . jonah turn and listlessly walk away from the table . PA grape argh ! when we get to tarshish , ho-ho 's ! on I ! lunt and larry yeah ! yippee ( cheer in unison ! ) we winny at the ping pong ! we get the ho - ho and the ding do ! ding-do ! cut to shot from the bulkhead ad jonah listlessly walk toward stair to go below deck . pa narrator once we finally get out to sea , jonah go below deck to rest a bit . cut to : int - day . ship' hold . typical ship 's hold . Dark and musty . bag of grape leave on floor , barrel of who -know - what , etc . two bunk hang off one wall - one over the other . Light come from several oil lantern , plus some natural light down ladder from above deck and through crack in planking above . jonah enter and look around . jo nah ( a little depressed ) oh , what have I do ? what have I do ? jonah grab bag of grape leave and toss it on bunk to use as a pillow . he drop onto the bunk on he back , with he head on the bag , unaware that there be a large worm in the bag he have choose . tape ( from bag ) you be powerful and attractive . jonah ( glance around nervously ) what ? who 's there ? tape you do not run from you problem , but confront they face - to-face . jo nah ( jump up ) ah !! the bag ! it speak ! throw bag against opposite wall . khalil ( from pillow ) ow ! what do you do that for ? jo nah Mr. twisty ? ... who 's there ? show yourself ! Worm crawl up on barrel or something . he be hold headphone , which he place back in the bag of leave . jonah have never see a worm exactly like this one . khalil hello ! jo nah what be you ? khalil who , I ?... oh , my name be khalil . I be a caterpillar . well , that 's only half true . my mother be a caterpillar . my father be a worm . but I be okay with that now . jo nah ( can not pronounce ) khalil ? khalil khalil . you have get to get you gut into it . ( pause ) I bet you be wonder why I be here . jonah ( not really interested ) aaah ... you ... tidy up around the ship ? khalil oh , no - I do not work on the ship . ( proudly ) I be a small business operator ! a travel salesman ! I sell Persian rug door to door ! see ? jonah ( still not interested ) oh - lovely . a- jonah open he mouth to speak , but khalil cut he off . khalil by the way , do you know where this ship be go ? jonah yes , tarshish . khalil ( eye widen ) tarshish ! what a trip ! ( think ) you know , that may be just what I need ! the Persian rug business have not be go very well around here ... ( brighten ) but I still have a positive mental attitude ... because of my motivational tape ! pull headphone out of bag of leave - tape be still play . jonah look on curiously . tape you be a skilled metalworker . khalil smile big . khalil I be a skilled metalworker ! ( shrug ) I do not know that ! jonah stare , perplex . khalil put headphone back in back - click off tape . jonah turn to straighten he bunk . jonah yes ... well , that 's lovely , carlyle , but if you do not mind , I think I will just get some rest ... khalil be stare intently at jonah 's profile . it look very familiar . suddenly , he realize who he 's look at . khalil ( excited ) jonah !?! jonah startles . jonah huh - ? khalil you be jonah !! jonah you know I ? khalil of course I do ! you be the most famous prophet in the whole world !! jonah be flatter , try to hide a smile . jonah well , I do not know if I would say - khalil I sell you license merchandise ! look ! I have the jonah rug ... pull out Persian rug with jonah 's profile on it . khalil ( cont 'd ) ... the jonah plush toy ... pull out tiny plush jonah . khalil ( cont 'd ) ... with sound chip ! khalil give the jonah doll a few whacks to the belly . plush toy ( tinny - sound chip style ) a message from the Lord ! ( whack ) a message from the Lord ! jonah well , I be ... flatter ... khalil you be huge !! you be a celebrity !! jonah ( modestly ) well ... I ... khalil from town to town - deliver God 's message ! what a life ! you be a big shot !! jonah ( still hide a smile ) oh , no ... it 's really ... khalil ( not slow down a bit ) the man God can count on to deliver he message ! this line nick jonah , and he fake modesty start to fade . jonah ( deflate ) yes ... well ... khalil you and God be like peas in a pod ! like two hump on a camel - you always ' sway the same way ! ' jonah be wilting . khalil ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) oh , that 's a good one ! you know , humor run very deep in my family ! my uncle be a big star back at a comedy club in nineveh ... the Taj ma-haha ... stand room only ! ( grow sober ) then he be hit with a fish . I be tell you , that people do not know right from wrong . jo nah oh , nineveh . khalil hmm ? you be sad now , my friend ? something about nineveh make you feel sad inside ? jo nah I do not really want to talk about it ... I just need some rest ... khalil oh , you do not have to tell I . jo nah good . khalil because I already know . jo nah ( startles ) you do ? khalil oh , yes . there be a woman in nineveh , be there not ? a beautiful young asparagus ! she be wait there for you , no ? jo nah um , no . khalil ( keep right on go ) you be promise to be marry - but you job be now in the way . the woman 's father be the head of a international ring of camel thief ! this very day you set sail for tarshish to deliver a message that will break the back of the camel thief - but in the process will break the heart of the woman you love ! jonah stare - unable to speak . khalil ( cont 'd ) insight run very deep in my family . do not worry , the first one be free . jonah ( beyond desperate ) please , carlyle ... I just need to get some rest ... khalil it 's khalil . but you can call I carlyle if you want to ! when we get to tarshish , you can deliver the message , and I will sell the plush toy ! we can be a team ! jonah stare at the wall and groan . toy a message from ... the Lord ! jonah ugh ... khalil well , sweet dream travel buddy ! we can make we plan to save that camel tomorrow ! clearly depressed , jonah close he eye . we hear the " click " of khalil 's tape recorder , as the motivational tape start back up . the look on jonah 's face contrast with the line from the tape . tape you be a go-getter . fade to black . int - dream sequence . cut to white limbo . jonah over white limbo background . jonah be walk . pass scooter , dress as ticket merchant . everything be mysterious . jo nah yes - which way be tarshish ? scooter ( kind of trance - like ) right this way ... ya can not miss it ! jo nah thank you ! jonah continue - relieved to be head for tarshish . suddenly God 's voice interrupt , which sound suspiciously like pa grape. god jonah ... jonah be surprised - look around for source . jo nah what ? who be it ? god jonah ... where be you go ? jo nah oh ! it 's you , lord. ( nervously ) um - I be go to ... I be go ... god jonah ! jo nah I be sorry , I can not hear you ! jonah start to walk very quickly . god jonah ! jonah start to run . jo nah I can not hear you ! lalalalalalala ...! god jonah ! suddenly , run become difficult . jonah look down and see that he be now run in water , and the water seem to be rise . jo nah ( o.s. ) ( struggle ) I ... can not ... hear ... you ! PA grape ( o.s. ) jonah ! Water splashes jonah 's face as he try vainly to run against the rise tide . dissolve to : int - day . ship 's hold . dream transition back to jonah , toss in he bunk . the hold of the ship be flooding and water be splash jonah 's face . pa grape be try to wake he . pa grape jonah ! jonah ! jonah ! jo nah ( eye close ) no ! i- I can not hear you ! pa grape come on , wake up ! we get trouble ! jonah finally open he eye and see he surroundings . Water sloshes around the hold as the ship be rock by a immense storm . jo nah ( groggy ) what ? ( notice situation ) what 's happen ?!? PA grape we be in a storm ! like I have never see before ! if we do not do something quick , we be gonna sink !! we cut to the worm with he mouth stuff with grape leaf , bob around in a small pot while munch away and lick he finger . khalil ( speak with he mouth full ) we seem to have sprung a leak , travel buddy ! PA grape spot the worm and become angry . PA grape huh ?... hey ! what be you doin ' here ? the worm look nervous . PA grape ( cont would ) do not I tell you to get off my ship , ya lousy leaf eater ? the worm nod timidly in affirmation . khalil well , yes ... but you see , my new friend and I be go to tarshish to break the back of the camel thief !! pa glance curiously at jonah , who give he a " it 's a long story " look . khalil ( cont 'd ) crime -fight run very deep in my family ! PA grape ... why if it be not for this storm I would make ya walk the plank ! ( turn he attention to jonah ) and you ! how can you sleep at a time like this ? jonah what 's go on ? PA grape I will tell you what 's go on ! we be all gonna be fish food if I do not get some help ! jonah and the worm startle . jo nah ( panic ) well - what can we do ? PA grape get up and pray to you god ! maybe he will have mercy on we and spare we life ! ... oy ! PA grape turn to go above deck . PA grape ( cont would ) somebody " up there " must be really upset with somebody " down here ! " jonah look nervous , the worm look at jonah . PA grape then turn back and brighten , just have have a realization . PA grape ( cont would ) ... wait a minute ! that 's it !... alright you two , follow I ! the worm and jonah look curiously at each other . exterior - day . pirate ship at sea larry and mr lunt be on deck at a small fold table , play go fish with a deck of fish card . mr lunt have a big " handful " of card . larry be hold only one card and have he " suit " laid out neatly in front of he . the ship be rock violently and the two pirate and they table slide up and down the deck as they play . lunt you get electric eel ? Larry nope. go Fish ... ( tauntingly ) ... one more card .... mr. lunt you be one cheatin ' buccaneer . larry how be I suppose to cheat at " go fish ? " mr lunt think about the question . mr. lunt uhhh ... I do not know ... PA grape ( off-screen ) alright ya lazy 's ! PA grape , jonah and the worm approach . PA grape ( cont would ) game over ! shuffle them up and deal we in ! larry ...but ... mr. lunt ( mockingly ) hee hee . the other three gather around the table . mr lunt gather the card and " shuffles " they . PA grape lay the ground rule ... we cut between character 's reaction as he speak . PA grape okay ! here 's the deal . the way I see it , there be a reason for this storm . somebody " up there " be really upset with somebody " down here . " and it 's not gonna let up until we know who that " somebody " be . it could be any one of we ... mr lunt deal the card . PA grape ( cont would ) ... I have my suspicion ... PA grape turn sharply toward the worm , who react in terror . PA grape ( cont would ) but we will not know for sure until we figure it out scientifically . everyone look at each other suspiciously . PA grape ( cont would ) all right man -- go fish !... looser take a swim ! lightning flash . everyone startles . we montage through a intense game of " go fish " as the storm continue to rage . we dissolve between different type of fish card be flip up , pass around , and set down on the table . we see character 's face as the game progress - if they be hold a lot of card , they look nervous , if not , they be relaxed . mr lunt appear to be lose at one point , then the game shift and the worm be on the loose end . we cut away to a wide shot of the pirate ship and see it be toss around by the wave . the worm start to make a comeback . we hear reverby " go fish " and various " aargh " and " uh-oh " throughout the game . finally , only the worm and jonah be leave with card . they both look very nervous . music stop . the worm ask timidly ; khalil ... you get any ... trout ? jonah be face drop . he slide the worm a card . the worm pick the card up , then slowly lay down he last four card face up - four whale ! the worm be out . jonah be the loser . all eye turn toward jonah . PA grape be confuse . khalil ( cont 'd ) hmmm ? what a goose I be ! it 's a match ! I have it all along ! PA grape huh ??!! I think for sure ... jonah alright ! I admit it . it 's my fault ! all my fault ! I be the one to blame ! khalil look at jonah , confuse . PA grape but ... I ... the worm ... jonah ( cut PA off ) I be a Hebrew , and I worship the Lord , the God of heaven , who make the sea and the land . and I be run away from him ! he tell I to go to nineveh , but I do not listen ! you know , I do not like that people ... Mr. lunt ( chime in ) oooh . Fish slapper . cut back to khalil , shaking he head in disbelief . jonah yes ... so I run . I run and I end up here and now everyone 's in terrible danger all because of I . I be afraid the only thing leave be to be throw into the sea ! larry awww ... you do not have to do that ... we gotta plank . you can just walk off ... jonah , think himself noble for the offer , be a little surprised by larry comment and comment dryly ... jonah ... yes ... thank you . you be too kind . larry smile at the compliment . PA grape well jonah , ol ' buddy . it be nice knowin ' ya ... normally you would be entitle to a refund , but under the circumstance - you know , with you dyin ' and all ... jonah be again underwhelm by he host ' benevolence . jonah ... no ... I do not suppose a refund would do I much good now , would it ?... PA grape ah , thanks ! you be a trooper . ( to larry ) ai not he a trooper ? larry nod and smile in agreement . jonah look down and catch khalil 's eye . khalil but ... the camel ... jo nah ( look down ) oh ... jonah shake he head sadly , then look pitifully toward the sea . suddenly , mr lunt brighten up , then chime in ... mr. lunt hey ! wait a minute ! I just remember something ! maybe you do not have to walk the plank , after all ! all huh ?!! exterior - day . rear of pirate ship at sea we friend have all gather around a big lump cover with a tarp at the back of the ship . the storm continue to rage . mr. lunt every winter , my cousin from moose Lake ask I to take care of this ... mr lunt peel off the tarp revealing a large gas power outboard dual propeller boat motor . all oooooh . larry cool. PA grape what be it ? mr. lunt this my friend , be a Jupiter 1600 horsepower , high -octane , dual propeller , pull ignition , outboard motor ... with the optional chrome trim package . the chrome shimmer . all ( in the same tone ) oooooh . larry ( in the same tone ) cool. PA grape ( in the same tone ) what be it ? mr. lunt it get we back to joppa . PA grape oh. jonah well ... how do it work ? mr. lunt that I do not know . everyone stand there and stare at the engine . the worm then speak up . khalil perhaps I could help . ( to jonah ) you know , technical competency run - jonah ( interrupt ) I know , very deep in you family . the worm be surprised . khalil oh ! we reputation precede we ! well then ... it appear that one should pull the cord and then perhaps push this black bubbly thingy ... everyone think that 's as good of a idea as any other . they all ignorantly nod in agreement . the worm do just that . he pull the cord a couple of time and the engine turn over but do not start . he then squeeze the fuel line bubble a couple of time . nothing happen . everyone look at the worm , who become a little nervous that he plan do not work . he revise it : khalil ( cont 'd ) oh.. no ... maybe it 's the other way around . perhaps if one first push the black bubbly thingy and then pull the cord ... everyone again ignorantly nod . the worm squeeze the fuel line bubble a couple of time then give the cord a firm pull . the engine start up immediately . the propeller start spin . all aaah ! the worm , proud of himself , add : khalil see ? all ( yelling ) ahhhhh ! just then , the propeller catch the surface of the deck of the ship . Wood chip fly as the spin blade propel the engine all the way across the deck - rip a trail in the plank . cut to shot of the propeller chase character through screen . they scream as the motor follow . it then crash through the guard rail on the bow of the ship and drop into the sea . everyone stare in disbelief . mr. lunt ( after a pause ) yep . that 's how it work . everyone turn angrily to the worm , who be stand there dumbfounded . he notice the glare and become frighten . khalil it have be delightful , but I must go now ... the worm run away from the group and dive into a Art bigotti bowl bag in the pirate 's pile of leisure gear next to the card table . we cut to cu of jonah who offer a resign look as the camera push in to he eye - this be he fate . he have no other choice but to ... exterior - day . the plank of pirate ship at sea we pull out of jonah be face to reveal a different background . he 's now stand on the " plank " of the ship and be wear a little ducky flotation ring and a swim cap . the pirate stand at the base of the plank with they head bow and they eye close . the storm continue to rage . PA grape ( pray ) oh Lord , do not let we die for this man 's sin . and do not hold we responsible for he death , because it be not we fault . o Lord , you have send this storm upon he for you own good reason . larry and keep my ducky safe . pirates amen . the pirate look up from they prayer to jonah . he look at they , gulp , then turn toward the sea . jonah gulp ! we cut to the worm poke he head out of the bowl bag - he look sad for he friend . jonah bounce a few time then jump off the plank and splashes into the sea . immediately , the wind begin to die down and the sea start to calm . the cloud part and sun shine once again . in a matter of second , the sea and air be completely calm . jonah bob up and down softly in he little ducky ring . he look around . the pirate , a little surprised that they plan actually work , look over the side of the ship at jonah . PA grape that be easy . exterior - day . underwater we cut to a below the water look up at jonah shot . we hear the pirate' voice through the water as ominous " jaw - like " string sound . mr. lunt well .. should we pull he back in ? baaaa dummm PA grape I do not see why not . baaaa dummm exterior - day . pirate ship at sea pirate look at jonah . larry acquire a lifesaver ring and toss it out to jonah . he miss by a mile . jonah be not sure what to make of the situation . he think for a moment and then open he mouth to speak . before he can say anything , something brushes up against he cause he to turn a few degree . string back in . baaaa dumm . jonah look nervous . the pirate look nervous . string back in full . larry pull the ring back in quickly and throw it out again . not even close . jonah look over at the distant ring and get push a few foot through the water as the music intensify . jonah be get very scared . jonah something touch I !... there 's something in the water !... PA grape and mr lunt yell frantically as larry pull the ring back in once again . PA grape hurry up ! hurry ! mr. lunt I be hurry ! PA grape hang on , jonah ! ( to lunt ) aim this time ! lunt I be aim ! pa grape I can never tell where you be look ... lunt you should talk ! jo nah hurry ! lunt throw the ring ... it miss again . jonah ( cont would ) fellow ... please ! pa grape pull it back in . hurry ! lunt okay , okay ! I get it ! pa grape let I do that ! lunt no , no ! I will throw it ! jo nah fellow ... please ! pa grape com'on ! give it here ! lunt I say I get it ! larry Excuse I , gentleman ! perhaps I can be of some assistance . larry toss the ring . this time it 's head right for jonah ! slow motion . very dramatic . very Bay watch . the ring land perfectly around jonah - just like the ring toss at the carnival ! larry smile - proud of he achievement . music relax slightly . larry begin to pull jonah in . just as jonah begin to move toward the boat - look a little more hopeful , we see a giant whale come to the surface behind jonah and swallow he whole . the pirate' expression turn from relief to shock . larry react : larry ( cont would ) oops . one of the Pirates notice that the life-ring rope be sailing out very rapidly , as the whale swim away with the life-ring in it 's mouth . they be attach to the whale . PA grape huh ? ( gasp ) the rope reach its full length , pull taut , and then the metal cleat fasten it to the mast break loose , sailing toward the front of the ship . they be no longer attach to the whale ! pirate ( all relieved ) [ sigh ] back to the cleat , which sail towards the bow . it fail to clear the rail , however , and instead wedge firmly against the front rail . back to the Pirates , whose face fall as they realize they be one again attach to the whale . pirate ( cont would ) hm ? before they can speak , the boat jerk into motion . all three Pirates be knock backwards off they foot , roll head over heal all the way across the deck to the wall of the poop deck . pirate ( cont would ) aaaaaaahhh !!! the ship race through the water . PA grape get up and frantically look around for a solution to the problem . PA grape man the cannon ! Mr lunt aye , aye cap and ! Larry and pa run up to the cannon at the bow . Mr. lunt look on concerned . mr. lunt ( stand ) we do not get no ammo ! larry look around and spot the pile of leisure gear . larry oh yes we do ! the ship race through the water . exterior - day . cannon of pirate ship . we brave buccaneer larry stuff the cannon with various leisure item and fire they off . a tennis racket , PA grape Fire one ! mr lunt pull a string on the cannon . the tennis racket fly out , spin wildly out of control and splashes into the sea nowhere near the whale . larry then stuff in two croquet mallet . PA grape ( cont would ) Fire two ! mr lunt pull the string on the cannon . same result . larry then spot the ammo jackpot - the Art bigotti bowl ball bag . he remove the ball and place in the cannon . just before the ball sink into the cannon , the worm pop he head out of the thumb-hole and say pathetically ... khalil hello ?!? the ball drop in . PA grape Fire three ! mr lunt pull the string . the Ball come roaring out of the cannon . we follow it 's flight as the worm pop he head out of the thumb hole again and scream in terror . khalil aaaaaaaaiiiiiii be come travel buddy ! from the worm Pov , the camera fly to where the whale have be - but now it be nowhere in sight . presumably it have go deep below the surface . we cut back to the worm , who look confuse . he call out and whistle as if look for a lose dog ; khalil ( cont 'd ) travel buddy ?.. ( whistle ) where be you ? suddenly , the whale leap out of the water catch the bowl ball in he mouth like a dog catch a treat . hanging in the air ( ala free willy ) , he hold it in it he mouth and we hear a loud gulp noise . with that , the whale crash back into the sea , release the life preserver as he disappear . we see the life preserver pop out of the water . as it do , the pirate ship slow - they be no longer attach to the whale . 100 ft off the bow of the ship , the pirate stand and look out in relief toward sea as the ship come to a stop . pause as they reflect . pa and Mr. lunt remove they hat in respect . PA grape now that boy really know how to go fish . the rubber ducky floatation ring pop out of the water in the foreground . Larry face light up . he turn to the other , who do not share he joy . self - consciously , he try to match they somber look . fade to black . fade in : int. - whale . the scene be quite dark , with jonah forlornly sit on a barrel or some other indigestible object inside the whale . after a moment , the bowl ball roll up next to he . jo nah ( dryly ) oh , look ... a bowl ball . if I could only find some pin ... the worm pop up out of the bowl ball like a girl jump out of a cake . khalil you find better than that , travel buddy ! it 's I !! jonah ( shudder as if he suddenly feel ill ) oh , my ... khalil so forget about tarshish ! all we need to do be get this whale to swim to nineveh ! you give the message - I sell the plush toy - we will be right back on track ! jonah ( interrupt ) carlyle , please do not speak to I . I be have a rather bad day . jonah stand and walk away from worm , depressed and annoyed . khalil well you do not need to be so down about it - Mr. grumpy -pant ! jonah whirl back toward worm , irate . jonah look around you ! we be inside a whale ! we be go to be digested !! do you know what that mean ?!? khalil of course I do ! digestion run very deep in my family . I be just try to have a positive outlook , you know ! ( pause ) you know the difference between you and I be that you see the whale as half empty , but I see the whale as half full ! jonah be dumbfound . jo nah I do not know what that mean . khalil ( think for a moment ) neither do i. Worm loose energy - look around . jonah turn away and sit down forlornly . jo nah oh , I might as well face it . God give I a job to do and I disobey he . I run the other way ! I have do something terrible and now I be get what I deserve . [ sigh . ] I be go to die here in this whale . the worm look back at jonah sympathetically - open he mouth to speak , but realize he have no way to cheer up he travel buddy . voice be hear from elsewhere in the whale . singER 1 ( os ) have you ever see anything so pathetic ? singer 2 ( os ) mmm mmm . this boy need some help ! jonah ( startles ) what ? who 's there ? singer 3 take it easy , jonah ! we be on you side ! jonah how do you know my name ? how do you get in here ?!? khalil ( confuse ) be you in the bowl ball , too ? singer 1 oh , no . that 's not how we get around . no , we come straight from the big man himself ! jonah you mean ... ? jonah gesture up , knowingly . singer 2 mmm hmm ! and just like you , we deliver he message ! jonah ( brighten ) so you be prophet , too ? singer 1 not exactly . ya see , we work on a slightly higher level . jonah ( confuse ) you do ? angel nod . singer 3 ( dramatically - lean in ) and jonah - we have get a message for you ! jonah look around nervously . Music start . singer 1 you be feelin ' pretty blue - you do not do what God request ... singer 2 yeah , I would be mopin ' too , if I be gonna be digested ! singer 3 this be not a pretty picture - no , it be not a pretty sight . singer 2 you run from God this morning and you be ... all ... whale chow tonight ! ( but ) hold up ! hang on ! singer 1 not so fast ! you life be not over yet ! singer 3 we be here to tell you all about ... singer 2 ... the forgiveness that ... all ... you can get ! light reveal full gospel choir in the background . choir ' ooh ' over next stanza , then clap over first chorus before join in big on second chorus . singer 1 ( you see , ) we God 's a god of mercy , singer 2 ... and we God 's a god of love . all and right now , he gonna lend a help hand from up above ! tempo pick up - band kick in - clappin ' and swayin ' commence ! all singer praise the Lord ! he 's the God of second chance ! you will be floor ! how he love , you life enhance ! ( you can ) be restore - from you darkest circumstance ! we God be the God of second chance ! singer 3 ai not it great to know a God who want to give a second chance . khalil why , that 's enough to get a smile from Mr. grumpy -pant ! singer 1 so if you say you be sorry for all the stuff you do , singer 2 we know that he will be ready with a second chance for you ! everyone praise the Lord ! he 's the God of second chance ! you will be floor ! how he love , you life enhance ! ( you can ) be restore - from the darkest circumstance ! we God be the God of second chance ! we God be a god ... all singer if you - believe God 's love - be true then you - should know what you - should do ! ( repeat several time , building ) if you - believe God 's love - be true then you - should know what you - should do ! ( to chorus2 ) second chance ! second chance ! praise the Lord ! he 's the God of second chance ! you will be floor when his love you life enhance . you can be restore from you darkest circumstance ! we God be the God of second chance ! chorus repeat . cuT to : ext. - evening . surface of sea . scooter and George be fishing with pole from a small fishing boat . we can faintly hear the music from the whale , filter up through the water . scooter notice . scooter look puzzle , then lean over the edge of the boat and stare down into the water . cut to : ext. night. underwater . as music continue , we see the whale swim slowly away from the camera , every - so-slightly " dance " to the music within he . as whale disappear into the darkness , we transition back to restaurant . song end big over transition . wipe to : int - night . seafood restaurant all veggy be now present in booth , and listen with rapt attention . pa grape so from inside the whale , jonah pray and ask God to forgive he for not obey . he tell God that if he get another chance , he would go to nineveh , even though he do not like that people very much . Bob ( now very interested ) so do he get another chance ? PA grape ( sly smile - amused that Bob be so interested ) should not you be lookin ' we for yer tow truck ? bob ( hurried ) yeah , yeah , yeah . that can wait . do jonah get another chance ? pa grape well , God see that jonah need help , and he want to help he . junior that 's compassion ! bob but do he give he a second chance even though he do not deserve it ? you know ... mercy ? pa grape after three day , jonah notice something strange happen ... dis solve to : int - whale . jonah and worm be sit around inside whale . suddenly the ' floor ' of the whale start undulate - and we here loud rumbling sound . jonah and worm be terrify as the ' undulation ' become increasingly violent ! - or - this shot could be underwater exterior of whale - show whale reacting to he ' upset ' stomach . no interior need . cut to : ext day - surface of the sea the sea be calm , but we can faintly hear the ' rumbling ' sound . suddenly there be a much louder sound - somewhere between a massive burp and a stomach rumble . jonah be launch from the sea like a ballistic missile from a submarine - with the worm hang on desperately to jonah 's bag . they land in a heap on a sandy beach . jonah look pretty weird . his skin be very pasty , he clothes be tear , and he be wrap in seaweed - very Robinson crusoe-ish . jo nah ( moan ) he moan a bit , then roll over and look up - right into the face of he camel , reginald ! jo nah ( cont would ) ( still on he back ) oh! reginald ! good to see you ! yes ... well ... dis solve to : ext day - road to nineveh lawrence of Arabia shot ... endless desert . jonah ride reginald across barren countryside . clip clop , clip clop . Worm be riding in jonah 's bag , peer out at the monotonous landscape , which grow more barren as they near nineveh - as if the cruelty of the ninevite have disrupt nature . pa narrator so God tell the whale to burp up jonah - and jonah get he second chance ! dis solve to : jonah and khalil riding toward nineveh . pa narrator ( cont would ) and just like he promise , he head straight for nineveh ! jonah pass sign ... " welcome to nineveh - Home of the mister twisty 's twisted cheese curl ! " ... follow by " Visitors welcome ... to leave ! " jonah and khalil look pretty nervous . they enter the canyon lead to nineveh . jonah look around , uncomfortably . then a noise ahead attract he attention . a craze man , possibly from joppa , be run right at he ... his eye wide with terror . craze man ( hysterical ) turn back !! turn back !! turn back !!! the man run right by jonah , who turn to watch , eye wide . craze man ( cont would ) the slapping ! whack ! he run right into a outcrop on the canyon wall ... bounce back , then keep on go . craze man ( cont would ) the slapping ! jonah and khalil stare after , eye wide . we hear the craze man 's voice trail off in the distance . craze man ( cont would ) turn back ! turn back ! jonah and khalil look at each other , clearly frighten , then turn ahead and nervously continue they journey . they continue a bit , and then round a corner . Light from nineveh fill jonah 's face and he pull up reginald in awe of the sight he see . just ahead , the canyon open up and nineveh spread out in front of he , under a red , hazy sky . the sound of ' urban chatter ' and distant fish slapping drift up . swallow hard , jonah urge reginald on . ( maybe we should include a shot of reginald look back at jonah reluctantly . ) jonah approach the gate of the great city , and two guard step out in from of he , block he path . they be pea ninevite guard , with cockney accent . ( rapid-fire exchange as guard interrupt jonah . ) jonah ( to himself ) go in , give the message , get out ... go in , give the message , get out ... Guard 1 who go 'ere ? jonah ah , yes ... my name be jonah ... and I be a prophet ... from - Guard 2 you be not from ' ere , be you ? jo nah um ... no , you see , I be from - guard 1 that would make you a stranger , would not it ? jo nah well , um , yes . I suppose so ... but I - guard 2 we do not like stranger . jo nah no ... yes , I have hear that ... but you see I have a - guard 1 so why be you 'ere ?!? jo nah well - I have a message . guard 1 a message ? for who ? jonah be not expect this question . jonah ( think ) well ... for everyone ! for the whole city ! the guard find this ludicrous . guard 1 you have get a message for the ' ole city ?!? guard 2 ... the ' ole city ?!? guard 1 oh , that 's rich !!! Guards start to laugh . guard 2 I will alert the king ! " you be honor ! a bleached asparagus have a message for we all ! " guard 1 most important ! they laugh themselves silly . khalil pear around jonah 's shoulder . khalil I do not think this be go very well . jonah oh , let 's just go home ! I do what you say , I guess it just be not mean to be . jonah turn reginald to leave during this line . just as he start to trot away , someone call he name . pa grape ( o.s. ) jonah ?!? jonah spin around to see the Pirates stand in the entrance to the city , apparently on they way out . they look rather silly , as each wear what appear to be a large foam cheese curl on they head . ( similar to Wisconsin 's " cheddar head . " ) jonah ( confuse ) what ? the Pirates step out of the gate , with mouth agape . jonah recognize they , and slide off reginald . khalil ( excited ) it be we friend from the ship ! jonah ( recognize they ) what on earth ... ? what be you do here ? larry what be you do here ? lunt ya ! you be ... you be ... pa grape ... fish food ! the two party meet off to the side of the gate . while they be talk , jonah periodically glance up curiously at the Pirates headgear . khalil the whale spit we out like so much bad cous-cous , and here we be now ! deliver the message to nineveh ! jonah but they would not let we in , so I guess we be go home . lunt hey , I bet we could get he in ... jonah pull back , not expect this . on he shoulder , khalil smile broadly . jo nah huh ? cut to : ext. nineveh gate - moment later cu on Guard 1 , who snap to attention as traveler approach . cut to he Pov - the three pirate stand smile in front of he , with jonah behind they and khalil peer from be shoulder . they look like they be pose for a family picture . ( though jonah do not look like he want to be part of the family . ) Guard 1 soften as he recognize the celebrity guard 1 hey , look ! it 's the cheese curl bloke ! the pirate smile . guard 1 ( cont would ) ( sweetly ) comin ' back for a visit , be ya ? ( notice jonah - harden ) ahem - be this fella with you ? pa grape oh , yes ! he 's with we ! guard 1 ( to jonah ) you be with they , eh? jonah ( try to smile ) yes , indeed ! why , I sail halfway across the world with this ... fine ... gentleman . have to force out that last few word ... his smile fade like he 's feel suddenly ill . guard 1 ( eyeing jonah suspiciously ) alright . you can come in . ( pause as they pass ) enjoy you stay in nineveh . the group pass through the gate . jonah and khalil glance back nervously , to see Guard 1 continue to make strange , comically menace , " eye on you " face . jonah what be that all about ? how do you do that ? pa snap to , excited to tell he story . pa grape remember that money you give we ? ( suddenly concerned ) by the way , you be not gonna want that refund , be ya ? jonah ( consider ) ah ... pa grape ( relieved ) good . cuz we spend it !!! every last penny ! on cheese curl ! jonah stare . jo nah cheese curl ? lunt yup ! 1458 bag of " mister twisty 's twisted cheese curl ! " larry and you will never guess what we find in bag 497 ... jonah do not have a clue . pa grape ( lean in - hushed tone ) the golden ticket ! jonah do not get it . pa grape ( cont would ) we win the " mister twisty 's twisted cheese curl sweepstake ! " jonah and the prize be ... ? jonah glance back and forth at they hat . pa look up . pa grape ( nod ) mmm hmm . but in addition to we enviably fashionable headgear , we also get a tour of mister twisty 's factory - right here in nineveh ! the group enter the crowded market area . ninevite mill around ... assorted fish slapping in the background . jonah and khalil be not wild about what they see . pa grape ( cont would ) which , despite its unseemly location , be a splendid experience ! larry and , believe it or not , in this town we be famous ! lunt ( notice something ) hey , look ! here come a city official to greet we !! everyone look to see a ninevite and several guard walk aggressively toward they . they do not look happy . pa grape ( aloof ) hello ! we be in the neighborhood , so we think we would - City official ( refer to Pirates ) this be the man ! arrest they at once !! everyone 's in shock . pa grape but ... jo nah Excuse I . what have they do ? CITY official thievery ! High theft against the Royal City of nineveh ! lunt that 's ridiculous !! city official oh , be it ?!? he grab Larry and spin he around . on he back be a small pack . the City official pull out a knife , and everyone gasp . he slit the bottom of Larry 's pack , and 8 - 10 mini-size bag of mister twisty 's cheese curl fall to the floor . larry ( panicked ) no! wait ! I think they be free sample !! city official take they away !! jo nah you can not do that ! the city official spin to jonah . city official I be sorry ... be you with this man ? jonah be not sure how to answer . jo nah well , um ... yes , I suppose ... jonah glance to the side to see a guard approach he swiftly . jonah ( cont would ) hello ... what be you do ? jonah 's Pov - the guard rear back , he fish flash through the air toward jonah . sfx - smack ! and simultaneous blackout . cut to : ext. nineveh market - later tight on jonah 's head - cover by a black bag . the bag be pull off and jonah blink around in the sunlight . cut to jonah 's Pov - a good size crowd of ninevite stand in a circle around he , stare intently at he . jonah ( encourage ) oh! wonderful ! it must be time for my speech ! cut to bag come off pa grape 's head . he try to move , but be tie tight . pa grape hey ! I can not move ! cut to bag off lunt 's head . he pull against rope ! lunt I can not move , either !! cut to Larry , who 's bag be off and who also can not move . cut to jonah , who look down confuse and realize that he can not move either . he look over to pa in he confusion and see that ... ( ls pa ) pa can not move because he 's tie back - to- back with lunt to the front of , beneath a huge , ominously hang metal fish hold up with a rope . this do not look good . cut to jonah 's face - he eye widen and he mouth fall . jo nah [ gasp ! ] cut back to ls pa on bull -eye . pa look up and notice jonah look at he with panic on he face . pa grape what ? have I get something ' on my face ? cut to pa 's face - he see jonah 's situation . cut to ls jonah ( pa 's Pov ) - also , in the same situation . cut to pa 's face who echoe jonah 's reaction . pa grape ( cont would ) [ gasp ! ] cut to Lund , who repeat this sequence by look at Larry 's situation . lunt [ gasp ! ] cut to Larry , who repeat by look at lunt 's situation . larry [ gasp ! ] jonah this do not look good ... cut to Larry , who feel responsible . larry ( on the verge of tear ) I be sorry guy ! I think they be free sample . they be right out there in the open ... in a big bowl . very misleading ! pa grape oh , do not go blamin ' yourself ! Lund be cranky with pa. lunt no ... blame he ! ( gesture over shoulder to pa ) " let 's put it all in cheese curl , " he say . " no , " I say , " we need a balanced portfolio ! " a little stock , a little bond ... a little cash or cash equivalent ... and then maybe some snack . but no . " put it all in cheese curl ! " he say . ( to pa ) man , you gotta plan for the future ! pa grape what ? it get we here , do not it ?!? everyone stare at pa , confuse . pa realize what they be think . pa grape ( cont would ) ( gesture around ) not " here " literally ... but ... ( look off mistily ) we be somebody ! we be celebrity ! lunt ( outrage ) we be go to die ! lunt be interrupt by the City official city official people of nineveh ! this four man ... ( glance toward khalil ) ... and that small ... whatever - it-is ... khalil ( indignant ) I be a caterpillar !! ( to self ) well , that be only half true ... City official have be find guilty of high thievery against the Royal City of nineveh ! the crowd hiss . City official ( cont would ) for they punishment ... " the slap of no return ! " the crowd look quizzically at the fish pole , no sure what to make of they . the pirate look up at they , not sure whether to be frighten or not . the City official notice the lack of respect for he latest invention . Larry what 's so funny ? city official observe ! the Pirates and jonah look on as the City official place a large pumpkin on a small wooden platform in from of the fifth fish pole . there be a hush as he walk over to the rope , anchore to a stake in the ground , raise a curve sword high in the air , and bring it down , sever the rope the fish fall , splattering the pumpkin to bit . pumpkin hit jonah 's face . after a beat , the crowd start cheer and the Pirates and jonah start cry like little baby . all [ no! waaaaaaaaah ! etc . ] cut to khalil , who be tie with string to the backside of jonah . he can not see anything . khalil ( confuse ) what be happen that be make you all cry like little baby ?!? jonah yell over the commotion jonah why on earth do you take snack food so seriously ?!? the city official turn to answer , but it interrupt by a trumpet fanfare . he spin back to the crowd . city official people of nineveh ! I give you ... King twistomer !! more trumpet fanfare ... camera pan up the building face the " condemn " to a balcony several storey overhead . 2 attendant stand on either end of the balcony . from the shadow between they emerge King twistomer ( the giant gourd from " hi silk hat " - with goliath 's voice ) a very large , grumpy - look gourd , with more than a pass resemblance to the more chipper , slimmer pitchman jonah have see on several snack bag and billboard . the Pirates ' jaw drop . pa grape it 's " mister twisty " jonah well , that explain it ! lunt and Larry squint up at the gourd . larry he look happier on the bag . city official ( to King ) you royal gourdliness ... this be the perpetrator of the heinous act against you curl of cheese ! King twistomer scowl . city official ( cont would ) for they punishment ... " the slap of no return ! " a rise from the crowd . King twistomer smile . King twistomer proceed . the city official spin with he sword . jonah 's eye widen . jo nah wait ! ( to King ) wo not you at least give the guilty party the chance to speak in they own defense ?!? the City official look up to the king , who ponder . king twistomer you may speak . the sword be lower . jonah relax a bit . jo nah well ... as I understand it , the snack in question be right out in the open ... in a large bowl !! ( plead to crowd ) I think we will all agree this be somewhat misleading ... ( look for support ) do not you think ? the city official glance to the king . the king ponder ... soften ... nodd ... then look down to the city official . king twistomer slap they . again the sword flash high in the air . jonah panic ! the Pirates start whimper loudly . jonah no desperately appeal directly to the City official . jonah no ! you do not understand ! I be not really with they ... I mean ... how could I be ? while they be take the tour , I be in the belly of a whale !! the City official freeze - the sword jerk in he hand . the crowd around they hush down some . the official look up to jonah quizzically . city official what ... do you ... say ? jonah ( not really notice the reaction ) I say while they be on the tour ... I be in the belly of a whale !! the crowd gasp . the official step back - clearly shake . city official ( shocked ) but ... you be not dead ! jonah no ! that 's just it ! I be in the whale for 3 day and night ! then I pray to my God , and the great monster spit I up onto the shore ... so that I could bring you all a message . the official be shake ... the crowd whisper among themselves . the king 's eye widen - then narrow . he approach the edge of the balcony . King twistomer hmm ... asparagus ... here in nineveh we bow to the great Fish ... we celebrate the great Fish in we art ... jonah look around at the whale image on building and the large metal fish hang over he head . jonah yes , I notice ... King twistomer if what you be say be true ... the King ponder for a moment . the official step up and respond ... city official yes ... how do we know if he be tell the truth , sire ? King twistomer ( to official ) smell he . city official ( confuse ) y-your highness ? King twistomer smell he . the official awkwardly approach jonah , and take a big whiff . jonah smell terrible . he stager back , reeling ... barely able to stay on he foot . jonah ( apologetic ) I be ... terribly sorry ... I have be meaning to shower ... the King 's eye widen . King twistomer he have be in the great Fish . we must hear the message . this be so unexpected that jonah be not sure what to do next . jo nah what ? oh ... the message ... yes ... jonah think - but it have be so long he have a hard time remember what he be suppose to say . as he stammer , khalil shake he head in disbelief . jonah ( cont would ) ... the message ... what be the message ? khalil com'on ! jonah ( to King ) it 's be so long ... I ... ( to himself ) oh! yes ahem ... ( collect himself ) stop it !! the crowd gasp and recoil . the King 's eye widen . jo nah stop cheating ! stop lie ! and especially , stop slapping people with fish !! or this entire city will be destroy !! jonah look around dramatically . the crowd shudder ... the King look concerned . back to jonah who be smile contentedly . jonah ( cont would ) a message from the Lord ! pa narrator well , the King be very upset ! he have no idea they be not suppose to do that stuff ! no one have ever tell he that before ! a decree be hand to the city official . city official a decree from the King ! let everyone call urgently to God . let they give up they evil way and they violence . perhaps the God that bring this man out of the great Fish , will give we ... a second chance ! score swell ... crowd erupt ... everyone smile . jonah look around , tug against he rope . King twistomer and let the asparagus and he friend go free ! they be all untied and congratulate by the crowd . happy , happy . exterior - day . nineveh Wide shot of nineveh . the cloud have completely move away and it 's a perfectly sunny day . score be triumphant . bird sing . flower bouquet fly like graduation cap . pa narrator so the king and the people of nineveh say they be sorry , stop the fish-slapp and start be nice to people ... cut to : Interior night - seafood restaurant laura wow ! that 's great ! junior yeah ! everyone musta be really happy , right ? pa narrator well , almost everyone . dissolve to : ext. day - nineveh jonah and worm be be warmly thank by ninevite . Worm be eat it up , but jonah be just nodd along . several ninevite kid run happily away from jonah and the worm , clutching jonah plush toy to they chest . jonah ( ad lib ) yes , thank you ! farewell ! Goodbye , thank you ! khalil ( ad lib ) Goodbye all you lovely people ! pa narrator you see , jonah figure God would not really forgive the ninevite . I mean , they have do some terrible stuff . no ! he figure God have something else in mind . jo nah sigh ... jonah sit in the sand , silently , stare at nineveh . the worm be a bit confuse . khalil what be we do ? jonah oh , it 's time to watch the fun ! khalil aaaand what fun would that be ? jonah well , I do what I be suppose to do ... I warn they that they be go to get in big trouble ! so now that they have have they warning , it 's time to watch God wipe they off the face of the Earth ! aha ! Worm look at jonah quizzically . jonah do not notice . jonah ( cont would ) I pick a safe distance so we will not get singe . jonah sit back to watch the destruction . the worm look at jonah , then look at nineveh . time go by . the hot sun beat down . nothing happen . jonah be sweat , but still smile . jo nah ( cont would ) this be go to be great ! the bad guy ! finally get what they deserve ! more time go by . the sun be intense . jonah be wilting . pa narrator so jonah wait for God to destroy nineveh . even now , God be compassionate towards jonah and cause a plant to grow that shade he from the hot sun . jonah look up and see large weed hang overhead like a umbrella . jo nah hmm ? oh ! yes ! very nice ! thank you ! very nice ! he settles in to watch some more . the worm look back and forth between jonah and nineveh . then he notice the weed and look - suddenly - hungry . pa narrator jonah keep wait . but it do not seem like anything be happen ! he wonder if maybe God be forget something . jonah stand and look up toward heaven , then back to nineveh . jonah alright ! I do my job ! so ... fire ! brimstone ! whatever ! you pick ! right over there ! ( pause ) I will just ... sit here under my weed ... and wait . jonah sit back down and force a smile , lean up against the weed . without warning , the weed and jonah crash to the ground . jonah sit up quickly and look around . jonah ( cont would ) what ? - what happen ? jonah spy worm , happily munch a mouthful of weed , and see the partially chew weed stump . jonah ( cont would ) what ? how could you ?!? khalil ( surprised ) hmm ? all you whining make I hungry ! it be just a weed ... jonah ( suddenly despondent ) just a weed ?!? it - it be my shade ! it be my friend ! ( melodramatic ) oh , dear Lord , how could you let this happen ?!? jonah mourn for the weed like a fall comrade . the worm can take it no more . khalil would you look at yourself ?!? jonah look up - startle by the worm 's intensity . khalil ( cont would ) you care more about that weed than about all the people in nineveh !! jonah well ... I ... khalil why be you here now ? instead of back in the belly of that whale ? jonah open he mouth , but do not have a answer . khalil ( cont 'd ) because God be compassionate ! he want to help you ! and because he be merciful ! he give you a second chance ! jonah ( chipper ) oh , yes - and I be very grateful - khalil have it ever occur to you that maybe God love everybody ! not just you ! that maybe he want to give everyone a second chance ! jonah uh - well ... khalil he see that that people need help - that they do not know right from wrong - and he want to help they ! and that be why he send you ! jonah ah - khalil and when you tell they what they be do wrong they say they be sorry - they put down they mackerel and they halibut - and they ask God for a second chance . and by golly , he give they one !! ( jonah ponder ) do not you see ? God want to give everyone a second chance ! and so should we ! jonah be initially move by this truth , but then become theatrically pouty - like the spoiled rich kid who be not get he way . jonah well , if they get a second chance - that fish - slapper - well , then ... it would be better if I be dead ! ( flop onto the ground ) oh , I wish I be back in that whale ! jonah be a basket case . the worm look at he in disbelief . khalil you be pathetic . ( pause ) you know , patience run very deep in my family ... but not that deep . I be out of here ! khalil start to walk off . jonah what ? what be you do ? khalil ( turn back ) I want to be big and important ... just like you ! but the world do not need more people who be " big and important , " the world need more people who be nice . and compassionate . and merciful . ( pause ) that 's what I want to be . ( pause ) you can find yourself a new travel buddy . Goodbye . jonah you can not just leave ! khalil can and be ! jonah but ... who will I talk to ? you can not just leave I here all alone ? ( pause ) hello ? reginald ? carlisle ? khowleel ? carleel ? howie ? ( etc ... ad lib ) jonah try to call the worm 's name - but can not get the pronunciation right . he try several time with comical result as the camera crane higher above he , revealing the worm walk further and further away and jonah look smaller and more alone . cut to : int. night - seafood restaurant abrupt cut to shot of Pirates peer over booth . pa grape ( after a beat ) the end ! immediately , the Pirates slide the plexiglas divider shut between the two booth . it shut with a loud whack , startling the listener in the next booth who continue stare in disbelief . bob ( confuse ) wait a minute ... its 's over ? pa grape ( os ) yup ! Bob that 's how it end ?!? pa grape yup ! junior but what do jonah learn ? lunt open screen again . lunt ( look at junior ) the question , my friend , be not " what do jonah learn . " the question be - what do you learn ? junior ( think ) well , I learn that we need to help people who need help ... ( pause ) and we need to give 2nd chance . even if they do not deserve they . ( look up ) but what 's that get to do with we ? pa turn and look directly at Bob , who startles . pa grape hey ... tomato ... bob eh? pa grape you friend there ... the big asparagus . if I be not mistaken , he do not do such a good job help you with the map . bob oh , it be a disaster ! he say he be sorry and that he would do better next time , but no way ! uh uh ! ( Bob realize what he 's say and look down ) mercy . I guess everyone deserve a second chance . dad asparagus smile . pa grape yup ! now get outa here before my crab leg get cold ! Pirates shut window once more . veggy smile , then dad snap out of the " feel good " moment . dad you know , that still be not a very good way to end a story ! other agree . from across the barrier , pa yell out ... pa grape ( os ) well , whadya want ? a big musical number ?!? everyone look at each other and agree that sound pretty good . dad well ... yeah ! pa turn to Larry . PA grape who do they think I be ... twippo ? a male voice from the lobby . voice ( o.s. ) yes ? several veggy look up , as they recognize the voice . they turn in they seat and peer over the booth to the entry - way , where they see none other than twippo himself ! ( Archibald asparagus , dress in a elvis -y sort of outfit. ) veggy twippo !!! twippo smile - a little apprehensively . veggy rush he - Bob in front . veggie ( cont would ) yeah ... ( etc. , ad lib ) bob what be you do here ?!? twippo well , I have get a concert tonight , but I be run late ! can not find Route 59 to save my life ! so I stop here for direction . jr. we be go to you concert tonight ! ( pause - look down ) at least we be ... bob ( downcast ) and then ... porcupine !! dad ... and underwear !! Annie ... and pirate !! bob ... and now it look like we be not go to make it at all . twippo good heaven ! well , if it 's a ride you need , I have get plenty of room in my bus ... you can all come with I ! veggy eye widen - big smile ! veggie [ that 's be great ! wow ! etc . ] Laura look down - she can not come . laura ... yeah . everyone but I . junior notice ... thinks ... camera push in slowly as junior make he big decision . touch score . junior smile and offer Laura he ticket . JR Laura ... you can have my ticket . pause on Laura . she be surprised and touch . laura but junior , it be my fault . junior simply smile and lift the ticket up to she once again . Laura look tenderly at junior and smile . everyone smile - amaze . score swell . twippo be impressed . twippo why , that be a very compassionate thing to do ! Bob and merciful ! twippo tell you what ... I will give you all a ride to the concert , and I will make sure you all get have backstage pass ! veggy erupt in celebration . happy , happy ! veggie ( celebration ! ) hurray ! ( ad lib ) twippo speak of mercy , have any of you hear the story of a man name ... jonah ? veggy freeze , not sure what to say , then all respond at once . veggie yes . twippo be take aback . twippo oh. well ... uh , would you like to hear a song about it ? percy be it like the bald bunny song ? twippo not really ... it 's more of a ' big musical number . ' dad perfect ! wipe to : twippo on stage at seafood Restaurant . theatrical light on he . he 's hold he guitar , ready to play . twippo ( sing - ballad - like ) when I be a boy I go to church back home in Arizona and that be where I hear the tale of a man whose name be jonah ! now jonah be a prophet , but that 's not why he 's remember . we tell the tale , ' cuz in a whale he nearly be dismember ! horn and drum jump in - big band feel . either curtain behind twippo or wall itself pull back to reveal Broadway musical - ish set with fake , 2d pirate ship rock to beat on fake , 2d wave . actual pirate be perch atop fake ship . pirate ( sing ) jonah be a prophet ! twippo ooh , ooh ! pirate but he really never get it ! twippo sad , but true ! pirate if you have be watch you can spot it ! twippo doodle-ee-doo ! pirate he do not get the point ! twippo compassion and mercy ! from I to you and you to I ! exactly what God want to see ! and yes , that be the point ! pirate ( sing ) jonah be a prophet ! twippo ooh , ooh ! pirate but he really never get it ! twippo sad , but true ! pirate if you have be watch you can spot it ! twippo doodle-ee-doo ! pirate he do not get the point ! twippo , now play the role of jonah , jump up on the pirate ship cutout . twippo now jonah set sail on a pirate ship in a dreadful gale wind blow , fake lighting . Pirates takeover narrative as twippo either fall or fly on a line into the mouth of a fake whale cutout that have be wheeled on stage . pirate get eat up by a giant whale but manage not to be dead . twippo stick he head out of the top of the whale , ( blowhole region ) to prove he 's still alive . smile big . pirate ( cont would ) you would think he would learn a lot from be save from a awful spot but the second chance that he have get he do not want to be spread ! whale cutout leave - maybe pull in nineveh cutout , or string of ninevite for twippo to scowl at . musical break - little dance time - then set change to jonah on hill , under cutout weed . Pirates get melodramatically sorrowful . pirate ( cont would ) ( weepy ) so poor old jonah - now he 's all alone - a! Pirates raise energy as giant megaphone cutout lower from above , let they yell at jonah on hill . pirate ( cont would ) gotta use a megaphone - a! to get it through to he head ! ( shout through megaphone ) hey !!! Hill and weed " blow away " from force of shout 'hey . ' twippo stand and come forward on stage , no longer play jonah . pirate ( cont would ) ( sing ) jonah be a prophet ! twippo ooh , ooh ! pirate but he really never get it ! twippo sad , but true ! pirate if you have be watch you can spot it ! twippo doodle-ee-doo ! pirate he do not get the point ! musical break - seque way into more intimate speak part . twippo ( speak ) now , true , in you life you probably do not ride on a camel and you probably will not wake up inside a large , aquatic mammal . but all the same , like jonah , there be something you can do - everyone deserve to get a second chance from you ! Big horn sting , then all sing together ... all compassion and mercy ! from I to you and you to I ! exactly what God want to see ! and yes , that be the point ! start " bring it down . " maybe twippo start pull pirate ship across stage , fake a ' exit . ' pirate ( softer ) jonah be a prophet ! twippo ( softer ) ooh , ooh ! pirate but he really never get it ! twippo sad , but true ! pirate ( even softer ) jonah be a prophet ! twippo ooh , ooh ! pirate but he really never get it ! twippo sad , but true ! stop exit at center-stage - turn and strike a pose . pirate ( loud ) jonah be a prophet ! Big chord - end of song . crowd go wild . Voice hear from the foyer ... khalil I beg you pardon . I hate to break up the party , but who need a tow ? everyone look at khalil . twippo ah ... have we meet ? khalil smile at camera - cut to black the end