oe jaro ee ea peaster : the neon demon written by Mary law and nicolas winding refn draft : 11.1.14 int . studio - day 1 close on jesse be face , eye close , angelic , beautiful . slowly , the camera pull back and she twisted , bleed body be reveal , tangle in a tatter dress . it appear a violent crime have just take place . close on a man 's face . it be dean , handsome , slightly awkward . he stare at the scene , entrance by jesse 's figure . he raise a still camera . jesse 's image be reflect in miniature in the glass lens . he take a photo , and the black shutter close and open on jesse 's body , the mechanical sound a startling contrast to the eerie quiet of the room . the camera pull back again , revealing that the crime scene be actually a fashion photo shoot . the click of Dean 's camera , uneven at first , grow rapid and regular . a frenetic , percussive score . with every shot , a new image of jesse appear on the nearby computer screen . as though waking from a dream , jesse 's eye open ... int . make - up room - day 2 she be seat in front of a mirror , stare at she reflection with wide eye . her face still appear bloody and batter from the shoot . she begin take off the make -up . from across the room , ruby , 27 , simultaneously iron-willed and fragile , watch she every move . jesse sense she gaze . ruby be I stare ? jesse I do not mind . ruby sorry . occupational hazard . Ruby wave a fist full of make - up brushes . jesse ( a revelation ) you do my make - up . ruby yeah . like a hour ago . you do not remember ? jesse sorry - ruby what , do you have a stroke between then and now ? jesse I think you be in the next shoot . Ruby laugh . jesse do not understand the joke . ruby ( touch ) oh , you be serious . jesse yeah . ruby well , here , let I help you . Ruby rush over and begin wiping away some bloody make - up out of reach behind jesse 's ear . ruby ( cont 'd ) I be Ruby , by the way . jesse I be - ruby jesse . you tell I earlier . you be a little bit deer - in- the - headlight . jesse I just move here . six week ago . ruby please do not be from New York . last thing we need be another pretty bitch without a soul . jesse I be from ridgecrest . ruby where 's that ? jesse near death Valley . ruby spooky . what 's in death Valley ? jesse nothing worth stick around for . Ruby smile , a genuine understanding . ruby you skin be perfect . look at you . she lean in , examine jesse in the mirror , they face nearly touch . ruby ( cont 'd ) I do not think you be even human . ( whisper ) if I kill you , would you die ? Ruby playfully hold up she hand , cover in bloody make -up . ruby ( cont ’d ) I swear I do not do it ! she begin clean she hand with a small cloth . ruby ( cont ’d ) shit , what time be it ? I promise Dee and dum over there a ride . Ruby nod toward two ultra - thin model lean against each other in the corner of the room . they be totally bored . it look like it take every bit of effort to hold themselves upright . ruby ( cont ’d ) you think they have ever have lunch ? probably do not even know what it be . ' wanna go to lunch ? 's probably think it 's a day-spa. ( to jesse ) hey , you wanna come ? we be go to this club in West Hollywood . please . you will be save I from a thirty minute ride with the world 's only live exoskeleton . one of the thin girl sigh deeply . jesse do I get shotgun ? ruby deal . Ruby toss the blood - cover cloth on the make - up table . she clap loudly , startling the thin girl to life . ruby ( cont 'd ) Ashley ! Mary - kate ! andele ! Party time ! they stand and slink out of the room . Ruby roll she eye as they leave . jesse turn back to the mirror and run a hand down the side of she face , touch she skin . int . make - up room - dusk - later 3 jesse finish change . several model in various state of undress sit at a row of table as stylist scurry between they . at the corner mirror , one girl place a palm to she reflection , tear run silently down she face . jesse notice she as she stand to go . int . studio - dusk - continuous 4 jesse head through the studio toward the exit , the set from she shoot disappear farther and farther into the background . int . hallway - dusk - continuous 5 she walk alone through the wind hallway of the building . int . studio stair - dusk - continuous 6 we watch from above as she spiral down a long internal staircase . the sound of wind , gradually intensify ... ext . ruby 's car / highway - dusk 7 close on the sleek hood of the car , slice through the air . it fly down the highway , weaving defiantly through traffic . 10 11 12 13 int . ruby 's car - dusk 8 Ruby drive , the two thin model slump in the backseat . jesse stare out the passenger seat window , mesmerize by the neon light of Los Angeles . Ruby pay dangerously little attention to the road in a effort to sneak look at jesse . one of the thin model spring to life . thin girl you miss you exit . ruby oh , it speak . the thin girl hiss at she . ruby ( cont 'd ) back in you cage . Ruby make a risky maneuver on the highway and jesse grip the car door , white - knuckle . ruby ( cont ’d ) I will not really kill you , I promise . ext . highway - night 9 the car exit the highway and drive into West Hollywood . ext . ruby 's car - night 10 it pull up to the curb and screech to a sharp halt . int . ruby 's car - night 11 jesse release the car door , stretch she cramped hand . ext . STREET - night 12 all four girl exit the car . we watch they disappear down the street , head to the club . int . west hollywood club - night 13 jesse and Ruby stand inside the entrance . music blast at a deafen level . the tremendous main room be completely congest with sweaty dancer . the wall , line with floor - to- ceiling mirror , reflect a galaxy of pretty , bounce light . someone wave to Ruby across the room . she turn to jesse and shout over the music . ruby be right back ! jesse what ? ruby do not go anywhere . promise ? jesse I can not hear you . Ruby disappear into the crowd . jesse walk around the perimeter of the room , watch the reflection of the club in the mirrore wall . she spot a pair of eye watch she . they belong to jack , 37 , lean casually against a pillar in a shadow corner of the room . he be strike , fashionable , and hold himself with unintentional arrogance . when they eye connect , it be unclear how long he have be look at she . sarah , 24 , plenty of eyeliner , flirt with he , but fail to hold he attention . Jack make he thumb and forefingers into a square , hold they up , and squint . jack Pov : jesse gaze back at he , capture within the frame . Sarah see the gesture and look across the room for the recipient . jesse be identify . she whip around and crash head - first into dean . he smile at she . dean I be hope you would be here . jesse can not hear he . jesse I be look for my friend . 14 he lean closer . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) Ruby ? do you know Ruby ? he nod in acknowledgment and gesture for jesse to follow he . they start across the room , search for Ruby . Dean glance over he shoulder and see jesse struggle to make she way through the crowd . he reach out . they hand lock . ext . club alcove - night 14 Dean and jesse push through a back door into a small , dark alcove . the music , still pulsing , be muffle . they both exhale , relieved to be away from the crowd . a lonely smoker dress in black lean against the brick wall while two gay men kiss hungrily across from she . the smoker watch they , suck she marlboro , unmove . jesse and Dean smile at the scene , then look at each other , search for something to say . dean you hungry ? she shake she head . dean ( cont ’d ) do you want a drink ? I could get you a drink . jesse I be okay . a silence . dean you do great today . by the way . at the shoot . jesse thanks . he look down , hand in pocket , and shift nervously . jesse watch he carefully , amused . jesse ( cont 'd ) would you say ... I really kill it ? he look up , surprised . she smile , coy . jesse ( cont 'd ) bad ? dean pretty bad . jesse I can do worse . dean okay . jesse why do they build a gate around the cemetery ? dean I do not know . why ? jesse because people be die to get in . small laugh . jesse ( cont 'd ) what do you do with a dead chemist ? dean what ? jesse you barium . more laugh . they move a little closer . dean okay , I have get one . jesse be it bad ? dean very . jesse how bad ? dean the worst . get ready . jesse okay . dean you ready ? jesse ready . dean you sure ? jesse I be sure . dean what do one dead guy say to the other ? jesse what ? they be close enough to kiss . Dean look down at she face . he be once again enrapture . dean I - can not remember the punch line . the moment be break as the back door swing open and music blast into the alcove . ruby ( 0.s. ) jesse ! Ruby head toward they , clutching a bottle of champagne . she be follow by gigi , 21 , very charming , very sexy . Ruby size they up , try to decide what she interrupt . jesse you know Dean . ruby yeah , sure . jesse we be just look for you . ruby clearly . 10 . gigi giggle . dean I should get back in there . Nice to see you , Ruby . and - gigi gigi . Dean place a hand on the small of jesse 's back and whisper in she ear . dean find I if you need a getaway . she nod . ruby well , that be rude . jesse smile , unable to take she eye off he as he walk back into the club . we move in on she face until ... 15 int . club bathroom - night 15 the sound of a pop break jesse 's trance . bubbles spill down the side of a champagne bottle . jesse blink and look around the room , as though only just realize she be there . she glance curiously at some graffiti on the wall which read , ' do what thou wilt . 's Ruby drink straight from the bottle , perch on the edge of the sink , nearly slip . gigi check she reflection in the bathroom mirror , smoothing the skin around she nose . gigi do my nose still look swollen ? ruby no , but you ass do . gigi very funny . someone knock on the bathroom door . ruby ( shout ) we be in here ! jesse what happen to you nose ? 11 . gigi why ? do it look bad ? ruby gigi 's go full barbie . jesse what ? ruby all plastic . gigi slap Ruby playfully on the backside and chase she around the room . Ruby hop on the toilet seat for safety . ruby ( cont 'd ) sanctuary ! jesse you have surgery ? gigi God , you say it like it 's a bad thing . jesse no , it 's just - have you do it a lot ? gigi not really . Ruby hiccup and hold up seven finger behind gigi 's back . gigi ( cont 'd ) I go to this guy in beverly Hills if you want he number . ruby ( dreamy ) oh , Andrew ... gigi Doctor Andrew . ruby you love he . gigi of course I do . look at I . gigi present herself . 12. gigi ( cont ’d ) he call I the bionic woman . jesse be that a compliment ? Ruby snort champagne . someone knock on the door again . gigi ( shout ) we be in here ! ruby where 's Sarah ? I wanna dance . gigi just go . she 'il be lurking around Jack for the rest of the night , poor thing . ruby Sarah 's in love with Jack because they fuck once , like a thousand year ago - gigi be nice . ruby but everyone know he 's only interested in starve preteen babydolls - gigi hey - ruby what ? gigi not in front of the kid . gigi and Ruby turn to jesse . jesse oh , I be not a virgin . a strange silence as the conversation come to a halt . gigi and Ruby exchange a quick look . Ruby dangle the champagne bottle lifelessly between she knee . another knock at the door break the tension . gigi , annoyed , undoe the lock and Sarah burst in , push jesse behind the door . 16 17 13 . sarah well , he 's stone out of he mind and act like a asshole , surprise - surprise . ( to Ruby ) move . Sarah push Ruby off the toilet and sit to pee . sarah ( cont 'd ) I will probably still go home with he because I be such a pushover . Ruby slam the bottle on the sink and storm out of the bathroom . sarah ( cont 'd ) what ? what do I say ? gigi present jesse . gigi Sarah , this be jesse . jesse offer a hand , but Sarah grab the toilet paper instead . sarah I think we meet . int . west hollywood club - night - later 16 even louder music . Sarah , gigi , and jesse dance in the middle of the crowd . gigi bounce around like a ball on a string . she grab jesse 's hand and spin she . the world whip around in circle . as she spin , jesse see Ruby watch they across the dance floor . with each turn , Ruby 's face become closer and clearer , she expression hard and fix on jesse . the sound of rubber against the road as ... ext . dean 's car / highway - night 17 the wheel of the car spin down the highway . 18 19 20 21 22 14 . int . dean 's car - night 18 jesse stare at she reflection in the window of the car . she look past herself and see Dean 's reflection , drive steadily . she lean she head against the window next to he image . her eye begin to close . jesse 's dream 19 a fuzzy , pink surface . a image out of focus . after a while , the image become clear , and we realize we be look at skin . we see a arm . a pair of shoulder blade . a collarbone . a elbow . a mouth . odd angle of seemingly dismember portion of a woman 's beautiful body . int . dean 's car / jerry 's motel - night 20 close on Dean 's face . the camera pull back and we see that he be watch jesse sleep in the passenger seat . after a few moment , she eye open , and she look around , disorient . jesse where be we ? she glance out the window . the motel be run-down , depress , cheap . she be a little embarrassed . jesse ( cont 'd ) oh. how long be I asleep ? dean not long . she rub she eye and gather she thing . jesse thanks for the ride . ext . jerry's motel - night 21 jesse climb up the rusty outdoor stair to she motel door . ext . motel room - night -— continuous 22 she pull a set of key from she bag and be about to open the door when ... 23 15 . dean ( 0.s. ) hey . she turn and lean on the balcony rail , look down over Dean . dean ( cont 'd ) what do one dead guy say to the other ? jesse what ? dean nothing . he 's dead . Dean smile . jesse smile . dean ( cont 'd ) I want to see you again . jesse okay . dean tomorrow . she nod . Dean point up , and she turn she head to the sky . the full moon be perfectly luminous . she gaze at it in awe as Dean 's car spring to life and drive away . she turn to she motel room . one number hang on the door , the other have long go miss . the color have chip away revealing multiple coat of hideous paint . the lock take a bit of effort with the key , but it finally click . int . motel room - night 23 jesse step into the room , leave the front door half open . she flip the light switch a few time , but it do not work . aside from the ambient moonlight shine through the window , the room be dark and eerie . jesse try to see into the space . her skin prickle as she sense that something or someone be in the room . she make out a shape in the dark which start to approach she . she quickly step out of the room , slamm the door shut . 24 25 16 . ext . motel room - night -— continuous 24 jesse stare at the door , unsure of she next move . the drape inside the room move slightly , as if someone brush past they . she glance around she , but the parking lot be desert . the only sound come from television in neighbor room and the muffle roar of the distant highway . she turn to the door again and take a deep breath . she be about to slip she key in the lock when a loud bang hit the door from the inside . she drop the key and walk away . int . jerry's motel management - night 25 a little bell jingles as jesse run through the door and hurriedly approach the night manager , hank . he be a fake - tan , hair-straightened , middle - age , fail actor . he be obviously once very good look , but now border on the grotesque . hank sit at the front desk , foot up , cut he nail with a small switchblade . jesse someone be in my room . unimpress , he do not look up from he work . hank what do you mean someone be in you room ? jesse I go to let myself in , and I hear someone . hank take she in . hank be you high ? jesse take out she cell phone and start to dial . hank ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? jesse I be call the police . hank whoa . relax , okay ? he snap the blade shut and whistle to the back room . mikey , a skinny , grungy biker kid appear . hank ( cont 'd ) mikey ? mikey yeah ? hank this lady have a unwanted guest . 17 . mikey look at both of they . he pick up a baseball bat . 26 ext . jerry 's motel - night 26 the threesome climb the stair . hank , follow at the rear , look at jesse 's ass and grunt , impressed . she turn around and he wink . 27 27 ext . motel room - night jesse struggle to make she key work in the lock . hank sigh impatiently . hank mikey , go get the spare . uh - jesse jesse . hank ( suggestively ) jesse and I will wait here . mikey scrutinize the door , make a decision , and kick it open . 28 int . motel room - night - continuous 28 hank shine he flashlight in the room , which we now see have be tear to piece . jesse 's clothes be scattered everywhere . hank what the fuck ? you be go to have to pay for this . jesse I do not do it . it be not I . 29 30 31 18 . hank Nice try , sweetheart . we do not foot the bill for you piss off boyfriend . jesse I be tell you , it be not I ! mikey , meanwhile , be investigate the room . he shine a flashlight across the back wall , revealing that the window be open . he move the light down and stop on a crouch figure . it be a wildcat eat into the cheek of another dead animal on the floor . the wildcat slowly glance up and stare into the light for a moment before return to he meal . mikey there 's you visitor . int . elevator - the next day 29 the SOUND of a ding . Stainless steel elevator door close on jesse 's reflection . she graze she finger across she cheek , think about the wildcat from the night before . int . office build hallway - day 30 jesse walk down a long , stark white hallway of door . int . casting waiting room - day - continuous 31 she open the door to a room crowded with plastic fold chair . fifty model , all variation of the same girl , sit anxiously , quietly wait . every head snap to jesse as she step inside . she cross to the check -in girl at a fold table in the corner . the girl , twenty - something , smack she gum hard and do not look up from the fashion magazine she be read . check -in girl write down you name and you agency . have a seat . they will call you in . jesse scribbles she information on the clipboard . she pull a comp card from she bag . the girl flip a page . 32 33 34 19 . check -in girl ( cont ’d ) just put it with the other . jesse place she photo on top of a very tall pile . she turn around and see every set of eye still fix on she . they follow she as she find a empty fold chair in the corner of the room and sit . the door swing open and every head look to the new girl as she walk in . jesse slump down in she seat . she pull a pair of headphone from she bag and put they on . music blast as she thought leave the room ... jesse's daydream 32 a series of jump cut : Sun shine through the cloud . bare foot run on hard concrete . a pair of skinny knee drop to the ground . a girl 's hand grip the edge of a swim pool . we see young jesse 's face reflect in the water . she look at herself for a long time before reach out a hand and skim the surface , distorting she face . int . casting waiting room - day 33 jesse peel the nail polish off she fingernails . every model in the room rise at once . a female casting assistant stand by the door , ushere the girl into the studio . jesse rip off she headphone , gather she thing , and follow the line inside . she pass the check - in girl , still engross in she magazine , as she blow a enormous bubble which threaten to pop . int . casting studio - day 34 the studio be very bright . Big window line one side of the room and rack of clothing line the other . jesse stand with the group of girl against a side wall . they be position shoulder - to-shoulder , almost militant , await instruction . 20 . in the center of the room , the fashion designer , suji , a elegant Korean woman in she 40s , sit at a long table . stand behind she right shoulder be the translator . the caste Assistant slam the door hard . she place the stack of comp card on the designer 's table and cross to the model . assistant you can undress . like clockwork , the model strip off they jeans and t- shirt , drop they in heaps on the ground . they stand tall in they underwear and heel . the Assistant hand each model a paper sheet with a number on it . the first model be call forward . she hold up she number as the Assistant snap a Polaroid . the translator converse for a interminably long time in Korean , point to the model 's face and hip , clearly discuss the girl 's feature . the model try not to look nervous . suji remain silent , simply shake she head . translator thank you . that will be all . the model rejoin the group as another be call forward . jesse scan the face behind she , wonder how long this will take . she spot a anxious sarah in the back corner . another model be dismiss , and suji frown , surveying the group . she lock eye with jesse . she point . translator ( cont 'd ) come forward please . jesse point to herself . translator ( cont 'd ) can you come forward ? jesse walk to the center of the room . suji speak . translator ( cont 'd ) she want to know , how old be you ? jesse nineteen . 35 21. the translator repeat this in Korean . suji put on she glass and examine jesse suspiciously . jesse ( cont 'd ) I just have my birthday . jesse fidget . the Assistant stand in front of she and take a Polaroid . the bright flash startles she . assistant raise you arm . jesse raise she arm above she head . we see that she be very thin , she rib clearly define under stretch skin . the Assistant pull a measure tape from around she neck and begin to measure the various circumference of she body , scribbling note on a clipboard . she notice the model watch she every move . assistant ( cont ’d ) how much do you weigh ? jesse ( distract ) sorry ...? assistant you weight . jesse one-oh-two . the Assistant scribbles . assistant can you do the walk ? jesse walk from one side of the room to the other , she heel tapping a confident rhythm on the hardwood floor . Sarah peer behind another girl to try and get a better look . when she finish , jesse stand in front of the table . a long , silent moment as suji decide . she nod . translator very good . int . hall / elevator - day 35 a elevator ding . 36 37 22. jesse 's smile reflection be tear in two as the elevator door part way . she be about to step inside when she hear a loud crash . she turn toward the noise . the crash be follow by the SOUND of a woman crying . she walk slowly down the hall to investigate . int . restroom door - day - continuous 36 jesse press she ear to the bathroom door which bear the hot pink icon of a woman 's figure . jesse hello ? female voice ( 0.s. ) please go away . she push the door open . int . women 's restroom - day - continuous 37 jesse step inside and see sarah 's distort reflection in front of a shattered mirror . shard cover the sink and floor . Sarah turn toward jesse , mascara run down she face , red from cry . sarah I say get the fuck out ! be you deaf ? jesse Sarah ? sarah fuck , it 's you . perfect . she slide down the bathroom wall and slump on the ground . the break mirror crunch under she weight . jesse notice a few cut on Sarah 's arm which have already begin to heal . Sarah cover they with she hand . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( defensive ) I cut myself when the mirror break . someone try to open the door from the outside . jesse push it shut . jesse we be in here . 23 . they try again , and jesse bang on the opposite side of the door . jesse ( cont 'd ) I say we be in here ! the woman give up , mumble some profanity . jesse click the lock . Sarah be impressed . jesse see Sarah 's book under the sink , tear apart , and pick up a photo . jesse ( cont 'd ) be you here for a casting ? Sarah scoff . jesse ( cont 'd ) I be sure you be great . sarah I know you see I . jesse oh . sarah yeah . oh . jesse it 's a great photo . you look really pretty . sarah waste of time . everyone want you to look like a fuck preteen . this be point . jesse do look like a preteen . she kneel beside Sarah and hold out the book . jesse I bet you can fix this . Sarah make no move to take it . jesse ( cont 'd ) they be expensive . sarah do you know how lucky you be ? jesse what do you mean ? 24 . sarah do not do that . Sarah pull the box of cigarettes from she purse , light one , and suck hard . sarah ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think God have favorite , you know ? some people be just bear with more . people look at you . they notice . I walk down the street and no one see I . I be a ghost . she exhales and a puff of smoke wind up into the air . sarah ( cont 'd ) what be that like ? jesse what ? sarah to be you ? to walk into a room and all of a sudden it 's like - in the middle of winter , you be the fuck sun . jesse swallow . jesse ( quietly ) it 's everything . Sarah pull jesse toward she and put the cigarette to she lip . jesse take a deep inhale , cough . sarah careful . Sarah brushes a piece of hair from jesse 's face and tuck it behind she ear . she brushes she lip down jesse 's neck . jesse close she eye , full of desire , until ... jesse shit ! she lose she balance and stab she hand on a piece of mirror . she rush to the sink and run the water . a large triangular shard be stick in she palm . she pull it out , wince , and it clink in the drain . blood follow . sarah let I see . 25 . jesse fuck . sarah let I see . jesse it 's really bad . sarah here , let I see it . jesse hold out she hand . the fatty muscle be visible . jesse do you think I need stitches ? I do not have insurance . Sarah be stare at the cut . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( desperately ) what do I do ? Sarah impulsively put jesse 's hand to she mouth and begin to suck the blood from the wound . jesse try to pull away . jesse ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ?! Sarah suck hungrily . jesse manage to yank she hand away . Sarah 's mouth be cover in blood . jesse ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ?! sarah nothing ! jesse what the fuck be wrong with you ? sarah nothing , nothing ... Sarah 's face stream with tear . jesse run from the bathroom . sarah ( cont ’d ) please do not go ! jesse ! 38 39 40 4l 42 26 . int . elevator - day 38 jesse scramble to the elevator and slam she hand onto the button , leave a streak of blood . she look toward the bathroom . int . women 's restroom - day 39 Sarah look in the crack mirror . her eye be black . her mouth be cover in blood . she look like a monster . the anger begin to rise inside of she , and she sweep she arm across the sink , send shard of mirror whirling across the room . sarah jesse ! int . hallway / elevator -— day 40 we zoom quickly down the hall toward jesse as she hear she name call out . she press the button over and over . finally , the elevator ding . she rush on and hit the button for the ground floor . the door close on Sarah who just miss the ride . jesse back as far away as she can . ext . taxi - dusk 4l a cloud of gray smoke cough out of the taxi 's tailpipe . int . / ext . taxi / jerry 's motel - dusk 42 jesse pull a few crumpled bill from she wallet and hand they to the taxi driver . he notice blood on the money . she look for something out the window . taxi driver miss ? hank stand outside , a unlit cigarette in he mouth . he struggle to make the plastic bic lighter catch , give up , throw it across the parking lot , and enter the office . taxi driver ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? 43 44 45 46 27 . she slide out of the taxi . ext . jerry 's motel - dusk 43 jesse sprint up the outdoor stair . ext . motel room - dusk 44 she struggle one - hand with the key and lock . the doorjamb have be rig with duct tape , make it stick . jesse come on . she look over she shoulder and see hank step back out with a work lighter . she slam she weight against the door . it budge slightly . she try again and the door swing open . hank look she way just as she slip inside . int . motel room - dusk 45 jesse slam the door and do the chain . she peek behind the curtain to see if she be spot . int . motel bathroom - dusk 46 jesse 's reflection in the medicine cabinet be deathly pale . she open the cabinet and examine the meager content : toothpaste , deodorant , a bottle of peroxide . she grab the peroxide and shut the cabinet . she open the bottle and pour a healthy amount over the wound on she hand , now cake in dry blood . the wound bubbles up , and the pain be almost unbearable . jesse make a sharp sound and sink to the ground , clutching she hand to she chest . a knock at the door . male voice ( 0.s. ) jesse ? still reeling in pain , she brace herself on the door frame with she good hand and stand , shaky on she foot . 28 . 47 int . / ext . motel room - dusk - continuous 47 another knock . there be a deep purple bloodstain on the carpet from the wildcat . jesse stumble a little , dizzy . she peek out the window . it be dean , shifting nervously . she open the door and he present a bouquet of red flower . she take they . jesse pretty . Dean peer into the motel room . dean what happen in here ? she start to lose she balance . dean ( cont 'd ) jesse ! he try to catch she , but she fall to the floor , fainting . the flower hit the ground and petal scatter everywhere . 48 int . motel room - dusk - moment later 48 jesse 's eye blink open . Dean be crouching over she . he hold up a hand with five finger spread wide apart . dean how many finger do you see ? jesse four. dean try again . jesse six. dean six ?! how many finger do you have ? he grab she bad hand to check for six finger . she wince . dean ( cont 'd ) what happen to you ? 29 . jesse nothing . dean let I see . jesse reluctantly unclench she fist and show Dean the wound . he stand . jesse where be you go ? dean I be take you to the hospital . jesse no. dean you need stitches . jesse it 's not that bad . dean not that bad ? you faint . jesse I know , I know . I just - I do not eat today and - dean you do not eat ? jesse I be feel much better . honestly . dean why do not you eat ? jesse I - forget . Dean eye she suspiciously . jesse ( cont 'd ) please do not look at I like that . they sit in silence for a moment . Dean look around the room . dean this place be a mess . 30 . jesse this fuck cat get in and wreck everything . dean Real party animal ? jesse it eat my face cream . small laugh . dean you can not stay here . jesse I do not know where else to go . dean I have get a couch . she shoot he a look . he grin . dean ( cont 'd ) Worth a shot . jesse besides , I can not leave . dean why not ? jesse I owe they money . dean for what ? jesse for the damage . dean it be not you fault . jesse I leave the window open . dean so? jesse so you try tell he . the guy 's a creep . he will not listen . 49 31 . Dean look at she , propped up against the bed , clutching she hand . she be incredibly small . he stand . jesse ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? dean stay here . int . jerry's motel management - dusk 49 a little bell jingles as Dean enter the office door . hank have he foot up , flipping through a out - of - date hustler Magazine and shovel sticky , red chinese food into he mouth with a fork . dean be you the manager ? hank depend on who 's ask . dean my friend say she owe you money . this get hank 's attention . hank that so ? dean room twenty -one . hank oh ... the wildcat ! hank growl . his mouth be cover in red sauce . hank ( cont 'd ) that 's some hard candy , you know what I mean ? dean I be sure I do not . hank look he up and down . hank what be you , a mormon ? 32 . dean no . hank you with the dph ? cuz we pass we last inspection . I x11 show you the paperwork . dean I be a photographer . hank a photag , huh ? take any of this ? he hold up the nude magazine . dean not my style . hank hmm . hank turn back to the magazine , instantly suck into one of the picture . for a minute he forget about Dean . Dean clear he throat . hank ( cont 'd ) right . back to business . you little friend 's a piece of work . gonna have to replace the door and do a new spackle on the wall . look at ... at least two-hundred . dean Fine . Dean take out he wallet and produce a wad of money . hank eye it hungrily . hank or be it three ? they exchange a look . dean I have two - forty in cash . hank sold ! hank rip the bill from he hand . he go to a filing cabinet and unlock the top drawer . he take out a cash box , count the money , and put it inside . 50 33. dean there a pharmacy around here ? hank why ? she send you out for tampon , too ? dean you have get a real attitude problem . hank that 's what I hear . dean I could report you . hank hey , now . I be just be friendly . just wanna make sure you be get something out of this deal . symbiotic relationship , you know ? cuz if you be not - ( whisper ) get plenty other girl here . take a peek in room twenty - two if you get a chance . rented it yesterday to a girl from sandusky , Ohio . run away from home . thirteen year old . he suck air through he tooth . hank ( cont 'd ) now that 's some lolita shit , you know what I mean ? hank grunt and moan , suggestively rub he body against the filing cabinet . the drawer make a rattling sound as hank molest the cabinet , he effort increase , slapping a hand against the metallic side . Dean leave , repulse . the bell jingles as hank call after he . hank ( cont 'd ) room twenty - two ! ext . motel room - dusk 50 we pass the row of motel door , past room twenty - four , twenty - three , twenty -two ... stop at jesse 's room : number twenty - — one . 51 52 34 . int . motel room - dusk 51 we zoom in slowly on jesse 's body , lie motionless on the bed . she appear to be asleep until we see she eye , open wide . she stare at a patch of wall cover in deep gashes from the wildcat . image flash through she mind : the wildcat 's yellow eye . the model look she up and down . Sarah 's bloody mouth . suddenly , Dean shove the door open with some force and stumble inside . he carry a plastic sack from the drugstore . dean ( be : the door ) they will fix that soon . jesse run to he and wrap she arm around he waist . surprise by this sudden gesture of intimacy , he run a gentle hand through she hair , curling the soft waterfall of strand through he finger . int . motel bathroom - dusk 52 jesse sit on the toilet seat , knee to she chest like a child . Dean kneel beside she , pick a small shard of mirror from the cut with a pair of tweezers . she wince . he hesitates . jesse it do not hurt . he dab a damp piece of tissue around the wound , place a large Band - Aid over the cut , and wrap it tightly in a ace bandage . dean best I can do . jesse thank you . dean you be welcome . he think about kissing she , but instead start to clean up . 53 54 35 . jesse ( sincere ) I be have a really good time . he look up , smile , completely charme . dean anything else need fix ? int . / ext . jesse's buick / jerry's motel - dusk 53 the crunchy , metal SOUND of a motor attempt to rev to life . Dean try to start jesse 's car , a run-down buick past its prime . he have be work at it for some time , and sweat bead cover he brow . jesse sit on the back bumper watch . frustrate , Dean power through one last attempt . we see the motor of the car as it spring to life . he slam the hood and wipe he greasy hand . behind he , the sun set in brilliant red and orange . int . agency office / hallway - the next day 54 the relentless , high - pitch ring of a telephone . sitting rigid at a desk be jan campbell - cooper , a ferociously attractive thirty - something sport a tight - lipped smile and a power suit with a plunging neckline . every word from she mouth drip with sing - song saccharine despite she die patience . a frame magazine cover bear a photo of Jan as a model in she earlier day hang askew behind the desk . jesse sit in a shabby upholster chair , pull at a loose thread as they wait in silence for the phone to desist . jan Cara , sweetie , would you like to answer the phone today ? through the door , we see Jan 's twiggy , perky , blonde assistant cara gab with the mail clerk , unaware of the phone 's insistence . 36 . jan ( cont 'd ) ( a little too harsh ) cara ! Cara jump . she pick up the receiver . cara Jan Campbell - Cooper 's Office . oh , hi , Brad ! ( whisper ) it 's you ex-husband . Jan close the office door with force . jan next time , remind I to hire someone with a hump or a skin disease . she sit on the corner of the desk . smile again . poise . jan ( cont 'd ) I want to talk about you future . jesse okay . jan you have be get a lot of attention lately . jesse I have ? jan the [ designer name ] people call this morning . they say you be absolutely perfect . I be not surprised . Jan suck down half a can of diet Coke through a clear - plastic straw and scrutinize jesse . jan ( cont 'd ) can I ask you a question ? jesse okay . jan where do you see yourself in five year ? jesse shrug . 37 . jan ( cont 'd ) do not be shy . jesse work more high - end , maybe . jan mmhmm . jesse I would like to go to New York for September . jan well , well ! be not you miss confident ! and I mean it as a good thing . that goal be perfectly achievable . let I put this another way . what do you think about Paris ? jesse Paris ? jan and after that , Milan . London . Singapore . jesse sound okay . jan okay ? this be every little girl 's dream ! get you out of the New face and into vogue . you will work for all the big designer . International success . jesse sound great . Jan straighten she photo on the wall . jan you know , one time I meet valentino while I be do a runway show in Rome . he kiss I right here . she point to the very corner of she mouth . jan ( cont 'd ) what do you think about that ? Jan turn to jesse , expectant . 38. jesse wow ...? Jan turn back to the photo , she face reflect in the glass . jesse attempt to recover . jesse ( cont 'd ) you be so beautiful . Jan frown at the past tense . jan we be send you next week . you have five day to pack you thing and tell all you boyfriend goodbye . we will cover you housing and you travel expense , of course . do not be worried about that . you do not need to do anything up front , just pay we back with the money you 'il make overseas . how do that sound ? jesse sound amazing . jan Cara will have you fill out a w2 and all that nonsense . it 's very simple since you be over eighteen . jesse pull harder at the loose thread in the fabric . jan ( cont 'd ) you be eighteen ...? jesse not exactly . jan it say nineteen in you file . jesse that might be a mistake . Jan grin , knowingly . jan stay right there . she walk out of the office , shutting the door behind she . 55 56 39 . int . agency hallway - day 55 Jan march up to Cara . jan I need a parental consent for a minor . International . Cara rummages through she desk which be in total disarray . Jan look over at three other hopeful model sit in a row of chair . she shoot they a half smile . she speak to Cara through clench tooth . jan ( cont 'd ) I think I tell you to keep the other in reception . cara I think this would be better . jan oh , you think it would be better . cara ( confuse ) that 's what I just say . Jan rip the paperwork out of Cara 's hand and storm back into the office . int . agency office - day - continuous 56 Jan hand a stack of form to jesse . jan here we go . jesse what 's this ? jan all we need be a signature give parental consent . just one little signature , right there , and off you go . jesse take the papers , look closely at the line read ' parent or Guardian . '' jan ( cont 'd ) be that a problem ? 57 40 . jesse shake she head . jan ( cont 'd ) good . now , we need to work on you book before you go , so I have arrange for a test shoot . it 's thirteen -hundre , which I know sound astronomical , but again , we will cover it . a small price to pay for all the work you will get later , right ? this guy be the best in the business . Real Jackson - pollock -meet -marlon - brando type . and he photo be good , too . so my advice be ... do not mess it up , honey . she hand jesse a slip of paper with a address . jan ( cont 'd ) you can meet he at one . int . jack 's studio - day 57 Elevator door close shut behind a freeze jesse . on the other side of the studio be jack . a silent moment pass between they . jesse be acutely aware that they be alone . jack come closer . jesse walk to he . jack ( cont 'd ) take off you clothes . she look around for a place to change . the studio be modest , minimal , clean . Brick wall and large window . various lighting instrument and a small desk in the corner . jack ( cont 'd ) something wrong ? jesse no . she toss she bag on the ground and strip to she underwear . she stand tall , await instruction . jack all the way . 41 . jesse swallow hard . she slip she underwear down she leg , brush they to the side with a foot . she unhook she bra and drop it to the ground . he stare at she for a long time . it be not sexual , rather the look of a sculptor size up a untouched ivory block . jack ( cont 'd ) pull you hair up and turn . she do . the idea come to he . he walk out of the room , and jesse be leave alone . shiver , she attempt to cover she body with she arm . the ray of sunlight shoot through the window shine down on she like a spotlight . he return carry a large metal box and a bundle plastic tarp . he stretch the tarp out in the corner of the room , smoothing every corner with great care and deliberation . he motion for jesse to come . he open the box and examine the content , make he selection . curious , jesse try to peer inside . jack ( cont 'd ) put this on . he toss the object to she . she drop it , nervous , and bend down to pick it up before he notice . it be a tube of gold paint . Jack clean a lens with a small cloth and attaches it to the camera base on a tripod . jesse um — she look at the tube , unsure of what to do . jesse ( cont 'd ) I be sorry - he either do not hear she or do not care to respond . jesse ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do with this . he go to she and take the tube . jesse ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . 58 42 . he squeeze a good amount of paint on he hand . he stand behind she , place a hand at she collarbone . a series of jump cut : he slide he hand across she chest . between she breast . down the soft flesh of she belly ... jesse's Pov : Jack stand back and admire he work , wiping he hand . jack over there . he motion for she to stand in front of the camera . he click a small remote and music begin to play through the studio . we only see Jack as he stand behind a camera and begin to take picture . he stop , look up , unhappy . he walk out of frame to adjust something , then back to the camera . jack ( cont 'd ) you look stiff . jesse ( 0.s. ) how 's this ? jack better . he click a few more photo . he take the camera off the tripod and walk closer , the click of the camera grow rapid and regular , louder and louder ... int . make - up room - day 58 we see jesse in the mirror cover head - to - toe in gold , the portrait of a Greek goddess . she run a hand down she body , amaze that it belong to she . ruby ( 0.s. ) the Midas touch . jesse be surprised to see Ruby recline behind she . ruby ( cont ’d ) at least it 's not blood . Ruby make a face , play dead . jesse have you be here the whole time ? 59 43. ruby that 's what they pay I for . int . make - up room - day - later 59 Ruby plunge she hand into a small basin of water which sloshes onto the floor . she worshipfully wash the paint off jesse 's body . jesse stare off . ruby do you dog die or something ? jesse what ? ruby so serious . Ruby poke jesse 's face with she index finger . jesse you disappear the other day . ruby yeah . sorry . jesse where have you go ? ruby I have be house-sitting . jesse House -sitting emergency ? ruby have to take care of some thing . jesse like what ? ruby I have to water the plant . what 's with the third degree ? jesse look down . jesse he do not say anything after the shoot . ruby be that what you be worried about ? 44 , jesse nod . ruby ( cont ’d ) well what do you want he to do ? fuck you ? jesse look away , red-face . ruby ( cont ’d ) you do . jesse no . ruby God , you be worse than Sarah . Jack walk in . jack Jan 's office say you need this in a rush , so I will have they by the weekend . jesse okay . he start to leave . jack good work , by the way . jesse thanks . he go . jesse exhales , deeply relieved . ruby maybe he will . jesse slap she playfully . 60 int . make - up room - day - later 60 Ruby and jesse , clean and dress , sit at a table stare at the agency paperwork . ruby I do not see what the problem be . just get the signature . jesse not possible . 61 45 . ruby so sign it yourself . it 's not like you be robbing a bank . it 's a signature . how old be you , anyway ? jesse hesitates . ruby ( cont 'd ) I be not a cop . jesse sixteen last month . ruby Jesus . get you license and hit the road , huh ? this strike a nerve . jesse look at the papers , forlorn . ruby ( cont ’d ) one time in the sixth grade Scott masterson and I snuck into the science lab . we steal the answer to the chem final and sell they for a buck each . I never get catch . jesse do he ? ruby look , the point be , sometimes you have to do something a little bit bad to get something really , really good . and usually , no one ever find out . jesse look at the papers . Ruby nudge she , chant ' sign - sign-sign . 's jesse scribbles the signature . Ruby toss tissue into the air like confetti , a celebration . ruby ( cont ’d ) hey , you wanna do something ? ext . pet store - day 61 close on a hamster jogging infinite circle on a wheel in the window of the pet shop . jesse and Ruby stand outside . jesse what if he ask my name ? 62 46 . ruby tell he the truth . or lie . whatever . just do not let he turn around . jesse look anxious . ruby ( cont ’d ) I help you , you help I . right ? jesse nod . int . pet store - day 62 the chaos of animal bark , chirp , cry . jesse lean both elbow on the glass counter by the front register . a scrawny sale clerk saunter over in a bright blue and yellow work uniform . sale clerk can I help you ? a name - tag clipped to he shirt read : conrad . jesse be you conrad ? conrad that 's I . jesse I need help find something . conrad okay . she point behind the counter to a shelf . conrad ( cont 'd ) Fish pellet ? jesse yeah . conrad what kind of fish do you have ? jesse um ... a red one ? jesse look as sheepish as possible . conrad think she 's adorable . 47 . jesse ( cont 'd ) can I come back and take a look ? he motion she behind the counter . as they turn away from the door , Ruby slip inside and disappear to the back . conrad so this be flake and this be pellet . really , they be the same thing , just depend on how much you want to spend . this be fourteen - ninety - nine , but it 'il last you a year . jesse can I see ? he unscrew the cap . jesse glance over she shoulder . no Ruby . conrad should I ring you up ? jesse do you like - fish ? conrad they be okay . I mean , they be pretty much non -pet , right ? she be run out of ammunition . he look at she with curiosity . conrad ( cont 'd ) do you want a brochure or something ? jesse wait - too late . conrad turn around just as Ruby be sneaking toward the exit carry a large brown paper sack . ruby ( to jesse ) run ! jesse duck under conrad 's arm , spilling the jar of fish food . the girl fly out the door . 63 ext . STREET / jesse 's car - day - continuous 63 jesse and Ruby charge down the street toward the car . 64 65 48. ruby unlock the door ! int . jesse's buick - day - continuous 64 they fall into the car , slide deep into the seat . Ruby look back to see if they be follow . the paper bag on she lap shake violently . jesse what 's in that ? Ruby smile mischievously . she reach in the sack and produce a large orange and yellow cockatiel . jesse ( cont 'd ) be it expensive ? ruby they would not sell he to I . jesse why not ? she run a finger down he back . ruby be not he beautiful ? conrad appear out of nowhere , bang on the car window . Ruby lose hold of the bird which go fly through the car . jesse turn the key in the ignition , but the car will not start . ruby ( cont 'd ) hurry up ! she try again . the car roar to life . Ruby flip conrad the bird as they floor it down the street . int . ruby 's apartment - day 65 they enter the apartment and Ruby immediately disappear into the bedroom . ruby ( 0.s. ) you want something to drink ? jesse no , thanks . 49 . Ruby 's live room be a bona fide zoo . a giant cage hold at least thirty restless parakeet , flap and chirping incessantly . a upset deck of tarot card be strewn across the coffee table . on the wall , a frame quote : '' the light be mine . its ray consume I . '' jesse scan a shelf , run she finger across a row of book include the Holy Book of Thelema and Magic and alchemy . she select a thick , leatherbound book , open to a page cover in Latin scrawl and a reverse pentagram . Ruby reappear with the cockatiel in a small cage . ruby I should name he conrad . what do you think ? jesse look up from the book . jesse be you a witch ? Ruby laugh . jesse ( cont 'd ) what be all this stuff ? ruby just some thing I be interested in . jesse do you believe in it ? this ... magic stuff ? ruby some of it . jesse flip a page . Ruby watch she intently . ruby ( cont ’d ) what do you believe in ? jesse shrug . ruby ( cont ’d ) everyone believe in something . jesse flip the page to image document various animal sacrifice ritual . she glance nervously at the birdcage . jesse why would not they sell you the bird ? 66 67 50 . ruby because they be a bunch of fascist . Ruby grab the book and put it back on the shelf . jesse I should go . ruby I , too . plant will not water themselves . jesse start to leave . jesse thanks again for you help . ruby hey . Friends , right ? they share a smile . ext . jesse 's buick - day 66 jesse 's phone ring as she walk to the car . she beam when she see the name on the caller id . jesse hi. dean ( v.o. ) what do you call a cow with no leg ? jesse what ? dean ( v.o . ) Ground beef . small laugh . dean ( v.o . ) I have be wait to tell you that one all day . int . ruby 's apartment - day - continuous 67 Ruby lean against the large cage in the corner and make kissing noise . she open the gate and refill the water with a paper cup . 68 69 51 . jesse ( v.o. ) guess what ? dean ( v.o. ) what ? jesse ( v.o . ) I book a show tonight . dean ( v.o. ) well , maybe I 'il see you after . jesse ( v.o. ) I would like that . Ruby sprinkle feed inside . the bird go wild . int . backstage runway fitting area - dusk 68 the hostile whir of a sewing machine . a woman 's calluse hand run a piece of fabric through it , she finger dangerously close to the needle . seamstress hustle about . jesse stand before one of they , roller in she hair , arm outstretch , as last minute alteration be make . beside she , two chatty model laugh and talk animatedly in french . int . backstage runway make - up table - dusk 69 jesse sit at a make - up mirror , grin . gigi ( 0.s. ) look what the cat drag in . gigi 's reflection appear behind she . her face be make - up and a pink robe hang open over she underwear . gigi ( cont 'd ) you have get a secret . she flop into the neighbor chair , fling she leg over the side , and suck down a tiny bottle of champagne from a straw . gigi ( cont 'd ) spill . jesse I do not have a secret . 52 . gigi come on . give I the gossip . be you pregnant ? jesse no ! gigi be you in love ? jesse no . gigi you be ! you be in love . jesse I be not . gigi then why be you blush ? jesse 's excitement overcome she . jesse they be send I to Paris . gigi Paris , huh ? jesse next week . gigi quelle superbe nouvelle ! jesse oh , god . do you think they 'il be upset that I do not speak french ? gigi relax . you be not join the debate team . no one care about what you say . gigi pick up a bright lipstick and absentmindedly apply it in the mirror . jesse do you look different ? I mean before ? gigi you would not even recognize I . 70 53. jesse do you think you look better now ? gigi I get more work , if that 's what you mean . jesse I guess some people be just bear with more . gigi laugh . gigi where do you hear that ? jesse shrug . gigi ( cont ’d ) the way I see it ... God make man , but he also make Dr. Andrew . why just be pretty when you can be perfect ? jesse some people say that God 's a woman . gigi well then she definitely understand . they share a smile . gigi ( cont ’d ) I love this color on I . gigi lean into the mirror . she kiss she reflection , leave a electric red lipstick mark . int . backstage runway / audience - dusk 70 jesse attempt to peer into the crowd . jesse's Pov : hundred of man and woman take they seat . the flash of a camera startles she , and she turn over she shoulder . we see she fully make - up for the first time . she wear flesh - color lingerie , load of make - up , and a thin gold band across she forehead like a crown . she be completely transformed . 71 72 54 . the flash belong to jack , take backstage photo . another shot , and Jack walk away . she watch he go , slide a hand across she stomach . the light grow dim . a woman 's voice introduce the show . the stage manager run around frantically . jesse take she place in line . the SOUND of applause . music blast as the first girl make she way onto the runway . gigi , close to the front , turn around and wink at jesse . int . runway - dusk 71 jesse step out onto the runway and the music stop . time slow . nothing but the rapid crescendo of she breathing . we see she face as she begin to walk , eye determine . we see she torso . her hipbone . her foot . flashes of camera light bounce across portion of she body , dissect in motion . when she reach the end , the breathing stop . jesse's Pov : a sea of illuminate eye look directly at she . close on she face . the hint of a smile . int . backstage runway - dusk 72 music again as jesse exit backstage , ecstatic . she see Jack across the room and walk confidently up to he , pull he into a corner . she grab he hand and place it between she leg . he raise he eyebrow in surprise , realize that she be very wet . she kiss he hungrily , pull he body against hers . then , a voice . dean ( 0.s. ) jesse ? jesse look up , lipstick smear across she face . she see Dean as he charge at Jack . jesse Dean , do not ! 73 74 75 55 . he slam Jack hard against the wall . his camera crash to the ground . jack who the fuck be you ? jesse he 's nobody . jesse 's comment make Dean 's head turn and while he be not pay attention , Jack clock he . Dean tumble backwards and trip over a rack of woman 's clothing . the whole thing topple over . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( to Jack ) I be sorry - Jack pick up he camera and storm off . gigi and a small group of girl have surround the scene , snicker . suji break through the spectator to check on the commotion . she look disappointedly at jesse and walk away . Dean can not stand , tangle in a mess of clothes . jesse step over he . dean jesse - jesse just go . int . / ext . jesse's car / jerry 's motel - night 73 oil drip beneath the park car . out the window , jesse see Dean wait on the step of the motel . ext . jerry 's motel - night 74 jesse approach he , still make - up from the show . his eye have already start turn purple . she march past . dean can we please talk ? int . motel room - night 75 jesse storm into the room , Dean on she heel . 56 . dean jesse — jesse what be you do there ? dean I think you invite I . jesse I do not . dean I realize that . jesse that 's my job , Dean . dean I know . jesse my job . you have no idea how much you have fuck thing up . dean let I talk to they . jesse no. dean it 's the least I can do . jesse stop try to be the nice guy . stop fix thing . sometimes people do not want to be save . dean I be just try to help . jesse I do not want you help . dean well , I do not want to be one of that guy who get into fight over a girl . jesse you be not one of that guy . 76 77 78 79 80 81 57 . dean why do that sound like a insult ? jesse sit on the bed , defeat . jesse what do you want I to say ? huh ? I do not even know you . not really . you be just some guy who give I a ride one time . this hit hard . jesse ( cont 'd ) I think you should go . ext . jerry's motel - night Dean walk slowly down the stair . int. / ext . motel management / dean 's car - night - continuous hank watch Dean through the window as he get in the car and drive away . int . motel room - night 76 77 78 jesse sit on the bed , stare into space . her eye land on the red flower from Dean . she have fail to put they in water , and they be wilting on top of the television . int . motel bathroom - night jesse toss the flower into the trash . int . motel room - night she throw herself onto the bed , completely spend . she click the bedside lamp off send the room into total darkness and begin to drift to sleep . ext . jerry 's motel - night a pair of man 's foot walk quietly up the outdoor stair . 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 58. ext . motel room - night -— continuous 82 the foot stop in front of jesse 's door . int . motel room - night - continuous 83 the door slowly open . the foot creep to jesse 's bedside . finger rub greedily against sweaty palm . we see that they belong to hank . he look down on jesse , sleep quietly , he expression full of long . he reach into he pocket and pull out the switchblade . open it . he stick the blade between she slightly open lip . between she tooth . down into the soft hollow of she mouth . jesse wake . she see the knife and freeze , fearful of slice she tongue on the blade . she lock eye with hank who be panting hard . hank wider . after a beat , jesse open she mouth wider . hank ( cont 'd ) wider . she open wider still , the skin of she mouth stretch taut at the corner . he stick the blade down into she throat . she begin to gag ... int . motel room - night - later 84 jesse sit upright in bed . she flip on the light and look around the room for hank , but she be alone . she hold a hand to she mouth , realize it be all a dream . int . motel bathroom - night 85 cool water run in the sink as jesse splashes she face . she have not remove she make - up , and it be smudge across she face . int . motel room - night 86 jesse lie back on the bed and curl into the fetal position . she pick up she phone from the nightstand and see that she have two miss call . she ignore they , and click the light off again . 87 88 89 90 59 . while attempt to drift back to sleep , the SOUND of footstep startles she . a man 's shadow loom outside she window . she rush to do the chain -lock , back into the dark corner . she watch the shadow pass under she door to the neighbor room . jesse put a ear to the wall . the faint whisper of a young girl 's voice , startle by the unexpected company . her eye widen as the whisper become fearful cry . some awful violence be take place in the room next door . CUT to : behind the wall . jesse be silhouett as the camera track backward create a tunnel effect . int . / ext . hill house - night - continuous 87 ruby open the front door . jesse clutches a suitcase . ruby you look terrible . int . hill house shower - night 88 jesse stand naked in a hot shower , she face lift to the showerhead . Black makeup run down she neck and chest . int . hill house bathroom - night 89 wrapped in a white towel , she draw the large outline of a heart with she finger on the foggy mirror in front of she . she stare at the heart before wiping it away , revealing she image . for the first time , we see she without any make - up or glamour . she look incredibly young , a girl of sixteen . int . hill house guest bedroom - night 90 the room be luxurious , clean , comfortable - the complete opposite of Jerry 's Motel . she towel - dry she hair as she walk around , examine thing . a reflection appear in the window . jesse whip around , startle by Ruby stand in the doorway . she attempt to cover she nude body with the towel . ruby I bring you something . she hold up a small bottle . 91 92 93 94 60 . jesse what be it ? she point to jesse 's hand . ruby help it heal . jesse sit on the bed . Ruby carefully unwind the bandage and doctor 's she injure hand . ruby ( cont ’d ) there . jesse thank you . Ruby look down at she expose body . ruby you have such beautiful skin . jesse swallow hard . Ruby touch she ankle , up she leg , over she knee , to the inside of she thigh . they eye lock as Ruby penetrate she . jesse 's face scrunches into a tight ball , a mix of pain and pleasure . int . hill master bath - night 91 Ruby wash she hand in the sink . they shake nervously , and she drop the small soap into the basin with a clink . int . hill master bedroom - night 92 the sheer curtain wave at the open window , the only movement in the room . Ruby sit motionless on the edge of the bed , grip she cell phone . after a long moment , she dial . ext . hill house - night 93 the moon shine bright in the sky above the monstrous , glass house . int . / ext . hill house guest bedroom / backyard - the next day4 jesse 's eye be already wide open as the first ray of sunshine pour in the window . 95 96 97 98 99 61 . her cell phone vibrate incessantly on the nightstand . she look at it with disdain . she yank open the back window and impulsively toss the phone outside . it go fly into the grass below . int . hill house master bedroom / hallway - day 95 jesse knock on the door . jesse Ruby ? no response . she twist the knob and enter . the bed be muss and unmade , but Ruby be not there . ext . driveway - day 96 jesse , dress , turn the key in the ignition . the car refuse to cooperate , and the dashboard light up as it die completely . jesse shit . ext . backyard - day 97 jesse crawl on she hand and knee search for she phone in the grass . the sun beat down . eventually give up , she sit back on she heel and wipe sweat from she forehead . int . hill house hallway - day 98 jesse examine a wall of frame photograph . a smile trio : mother , father , and six - year-old - boy be present in most . she stop at a picture of the young boy at Halloween dress in a homemade astronaut costume . int . hill house master bedroom - day 99 jesse finger glass perfume bottle arrange in neat row on the vanity . she pick up a lipstick and put it on , imitate gigi . jesse I love this color on I . 100 101 102 103 62. she open a drawer of the vanity and find several pair of glass . she try on a few , twist up she hair , turn , admire she reflection . she see the open closet door behind she and have a idea . int . hill house closet - day 100 jesse flip the light -switch and she jaw drop . the colossal walk - in closet be any woman 's fantasy , boast floor to ceiling mirror and rack of expensive - look clothes . jesse thumb through they , stop at a beautiful red evening gown . int . hill house live room - day 101 jesse walk around the perimeter of the room in the gown . it be slightly too large , and she look very much like she be play dress -up . her finger lightly trail the glass wall as she watch she reflection pass beside she . she stop and look through she own image to the backyard . there be a giant rectangular swim pool . she smile . we hear loud music on the radio as ... int . ruby 's car - day 102 Ruby sit in a parking lot , look at herself in the rearview mirror for a long time . she turn the key and the music stop . int . diner - day 103 Ruby stand inside the diner . ruby 's Pov : sarah and gigi sit on the far side of the room . Ruby slide into the opposite side of the booth . no one speak . eventually , a waitress walk over , break the silence . waitress would anyone like to hear the special ? gigi sure. 63 . Sarah groan . gigi ( cont ’d ) what ? they work so hard to memorize they . waitress today be Thursday , so we be serve breakfast all day . we have a load baked potato with a side of broccoli or a fruit cup for seven - ninety - nine . we have a lovely pan - sear halibut top with a mango - peach salsa on a bed of wild rice serve with a fruit cup . and we have a steak sandwich which come with fries . gigi if I do not want fries , could I substitute the fruit cup ? waitress sure . gigi could I have the fruit cup without it be on the side of anything ? waitress if you just want fruit , you 'il have to order the fruit bowl - sarah you know , we be not that hungry . thanks , though . waitress ( confuse ) you do know this be a restaurant ? Sarah look at she with kill eye . sarah Three water . gigi and a fruit cup . the waitress walk away . another silence as the three eye each other . finally , Sarah speak . sarah so . where be she ? 104 105 106 107 108 64 . ruby she 's at the house . int . hill house bathroom - day 104 the red gown lie in a heap on the floor . we track up jesse 's body as she tie the top of a bathing suit . ext . pool - day 105 jesse toss the towel on a patio chair . she climb the ladder of the diving board . a sharp scream . a young woman be be chase around the neighbor backyard . a young man catch she and throw she over he shoulder , upside down . the young woman squeal with delight . jesse frown . she turn away . she walk to the edge of the diving board and jump high in the air . the sound of the diving board spring . mid-air , she twist and land back on the board , cling to it with both arm , struggle to maintain she balance . she look with horror at the concrete bottom of the pool which hold no water , only two large round drain . int . hill house entryway - dusk - later 106 Ruby stand by the front door , key in hand , and call out . ruby jesse ? int . hill house guest bedroom - dusk 107 Ruby look around the room . no jesse . int . hill house live room - dusk 108 Ruby be on she way to the back door when she hear a noise . she follow the sound . jesse sit on the floor , tuck behind a big armchair in she bathing suit , a half - empty bottle of wine beside she . 65 . ruby do you go swim ? jesse try to . jesse laugh hysterically , teeter on the edge of drunk . ruby what 's so funny ? jesse 's laughter fade to nothing . she be very still , contemplative . she snap she take jesse when I be eleven , I ask my mother for a swim pool . I begge and begge . please let I have a swim pool . please . of course she say no . but my stepdad , he say , ' you want a swim pool , you get a swim pool . 's two month later - she finger . jesse ( cont 'd ) my mother tell I I be dangerous . ruby why ? jesse she be right . she be not wrong . I know what I look like . ruby I be sure you do . jesse what 's wrong with that anyway ? be I suppose to feel bad ? sometimes , I look at myself and I think , I actually think - God ! be there ever anything better than this ? I mean , look at I . what else be there ? a drink . jesse ( cont 'd ) and it be not just be beautiful . it 's more than that . it 's power . you ask I what I believe in ? ( more ) 109 66 . jesse ( cont 'd ) I believe in I . Men look at I . woman look at I . everyone either want I or want to be I . and you know what ? I love it . jesse exhales deeply , relieved , as though she have be die to get this out for a long time . jesse ( cont 'd ) I need more wine . jesse pull herself to she foot . Ruby watch , but make no effort to help . int . hill house kitchen - night 109 jesse grab a fresh bottle of wine from the counter . int . hill house hallway - night 110 she start back to the live room with the wine , but be stop by a noise behind she . jesse Ruby ? jesse follow the noise . int . hill house entryway - night 111 the front door be open wide . jesse shut it . she put one eye to the peephole . jesse's Pov : outside be mostly dark , obscure shadow . after a long moment , she turn around . she be startle by sarah stand motionless in front of she . jesse be instantly tense . close on she wounded hand as she ball it into a fist , recalling they last interaction . jesse what be you do here ? Sarah do not offer a response . they face - off for a long moment until ... Sarah lunge toward jesse . the bottle of wine be drop , smash on the ground . 112 113 114 67 . ext . hill house - night —- continuous 112 jesse open the front door and run a few step outside , but Sarah catch she . she clamp a hand over jesse 's mouth , drag she back inside , rip she bare foot on the hard concrete . int . hill house entryway - night - continuous 113 jesse grab the door frame and struggle wildly . Sarah slam the door and it close hard on jesse 's wounded hand . once. twice . Three time . jesse cry out and finally release the door , sink to the ground and clutching she hand . Sarah take this moment to do the lock . jesse crawl across the break bottle and scramble to she foot , barely get away . she run . int . hill house live room - night - continuous 114 we see jesse 's reflection run through the room , Sarah 's in hot pursuit . int . hill house stairway - night - continuous 115 jesse scramble up the stair . she stumble , and Sarah grab she foot . jesse kick she in the face . Sarah 's nose drip with blood . jesse crawl away . int . hill house hallway - night - continuous 116 jesse run down the hall and duck into the first room she see . int . hill house child be room - night - continuous 117 jesse shut the door and flip off the light . she turn around . the wall and ceiling be cover in glow - in- the - dark planet and constellation , a magnificent replica of outerspace . jesse be stop in awe . she be bring back to earth when she hear footstep in the hall . she duck into the closet and shut the door . 120 121 122 123 68. int . hill house closet - night - continuous 118 jesse pull she knee to she chest and hold she breath . the sound of the door open . Light pour in the crack under the closet door . jesse put she own hand over she mouth to quiet she breathe . female voice ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) jesse ? jesse back farther into the closet and bump into a child 's spaceship toy . the toy light up wildly , make ' blast - off 's noise . she panic . the closet door swing open . it be ruby . int . hill house child 's room - night - continuous 119 jesse fly out of the closet and cling to Ruby . Ruby put a finger to she lip . ruby ( whisper ) we will go out the back . she grab jesse 's hand and peek out the door . int . hill house hallway - night - continuous 120 jesse and Ruby walk hand - in-hand toward the stair . int . hill house stairway - night —- continuous 121 the pair run down quickly . int . hill house back door - night - continuous 122 they make it to the back door , and Ruby open it . jesse run out ahead of she . ext . pool - night - continuous 123 sarah be stand motionless beside the pool hold a hand to she bloody nose . jesse quickly turn back to Ruby , who shut the door firmly behind she . Ruby look down , refuse to meet she gaze . jesse 's eye widen as she realize that Ruby be part of whatever be go on . 124 125 126 127 69 . jesse back away from both of they . gigi step out of the shadow behind she . she push jesse in the pool . time slow as she fall . a crunch as she hit the hard , cement bottom . she grimace in pain and grab she now break leg . we see jesse from above , lie on she back , twisted in the rectangular grave . jesse's Pov : the full moon shine bright in the sky above she . int . hill house shower - night - later 124 the sound of running water as a showerhead spring to life . Ruby , Sarah , and gigi be naked in the shower , cover head to toe in blood . they vigorously scrub they body , very focus . Ruby wash she hand . Sarah let water run into she mouth . gigi pull a thick substance from she hair . thin , red water circle down the drain . int . hill house bathroom - night 125 the three girl dry off , make little eye contact . gigi wrap a white towel around she body . in the foggy mirror , she see the faint outline of a heart . she clutches she stomach , suddenly nauseate . she fall to all four and vomit . a human eye be in the vomit . it seem to look directly at she . without miss a beat , Sarah pick up the eye and put it in she mouth , pop it with she tooth . ext . hill house - the next day 126 sprinkler pop up in the front yard . ext . pool - day 127 the sound of a squeaky spigot turn . Water spray through a garden hose across pretty red rise bush lining the fence . Ruby walk around the perimeter of the backyard water the plant , she house-sitting duty . 128 129 70 . when she be finish , she hesitantly walk to the edge of the pool and look down into it . we only see she face as she grimace . she spray the hose into the pool . the SOUND of water take we to ... int . hill house kitchen - day 128 Ruby scrubbing she hand aggressively in the kitchen sink . she flip off the sink , examine they , turn they over . they be red , rubbed raw . satisfied , she dry they on a dishtowel . she frown at the stove , bury under dirty pot and pan . int . hill house dine room - day 129 Ruby enter the dining room . she look in disgust at Sarah who be devour a plate of egg and bacon . Sarah shoot she a toothy grin , she mouth full . sarah Morning . ruby the kitchen 's a mess . sarah relax . I will clean it . ruby they be come home - sarah this afternoon . I hear you the first hundred time . Ruby sit , defeat , look especially fragile . gigi run in , she hair drip . gigi I take another shower . she slide into a seat at the table . Ruby notice a little blood behind gigi ' 's ear . gigi ( cont 'd ) what ? 71 . ruby you have some - Ruby point to the blood . gigi damn . will you get it ? gigi grab a napkin and hand it to Ruby . Ruby lower she head and cry quietly . Sarah put she utensil down . sarah again ? ruby ( quietly ) shut up , Sarah . Sarah mouth the word ' all night 's to gigi . gigi everything okay , Ruby ? sarah post-traumatic stress . she will get over it . Ruby turn to Sarah in a burst of sudden rage . ruby I want to know how you can eat . sarah it 's the most important meal of the day . ruby Fucking animal . sarah ( she mouth full ) hey ! what do I do that you do not do ? gigi shoot Sarah a look . sarah ( cont ’d ) what ? she 's the one who find she , anyway . gigi be nice . 72 . sarah ( to Ruby ) remember ? ' the only virgin in LA , and I get she . 's ruby that be a joke . sarah you still laugh ? ruby I do not - how could I know what I be do ? sarah it be you idea ! we go to visit gigi after she have she - Sarah gesture to she whole face . sarah ( cont 'd ) she look like a human punch bag . and she say , ' I wish there be a easier way . 's do not you say that , geeg ? and Ruby , you say , ' there be . 's you plan it . you find she . Ruby grab Sarah 's plate and smashes it against the table . it break into piece . Sarah stand , ready for the fight . gigi hey ! Sarah sit , end the standoff . gigi ( cont ’d ) what do we do with she car ? ruby we get rid of it . gigi what about she - ruby it 's do . sarah what ? what 's do ? 73. gigi the ... rest of she . Ruby begin to weep again . gigi ( cont ’d ) sweetie ... ruby I can not be a part of this . gigi but you be a part of it . ruby I have to go . we have to tell someone . sarah be you out of you mind ? ruby ( to gigi ) she be my friend . gigi I know , sweetie . ruby do you ? gigi of course I do . ruby I have never be like you - I have never feel like I be - sarah Jesus . shut up . Sarah 's fist be ball tight , white - knuckle . ruby but she be a person . I have never think about what it mean to be a person . have you ? gigi no . Ruby look down at she hand . they be suddenly cover in blood . she shoot out of she chair , send it fly behind she . 130 74 . gigi ( cont 'd ) what ? what be it ? Ruby hold she hand in front of she , scream uncontrollably . Sarah grab a piece of the break plate and stab through the center of Ruby 's throat , slice she vocal chord . Ruby 's eye bug out as she try to speak . gigi ( cont ’d ) what the fuck ?! what the fuck do you do ? Ruby make raspy croaking sound . gigi ( cont ’d ) she can not breathe ! we have to call a ambulance ! we need to take she to the hospital ! Sarah watch Ruby gasp for breath , the plate in she hand . gigi ( cont 'd ) do something ! Sarah force Ruby to she knee and slice she deep across the throat . blood shoot from she jugular splattering gigi and half the table . she fall limp to the floor . gigi stare wide - eye at Ruby 's bleed body . int . / ext . jesse's buick / driveway - day 130 Sarah attempt to start jesse 's car . it stall . sarah shit . she try again and again , she desperation grow . no luck . jenny ( 0.s. ) look like you need a jump . Sarah startles . she step out of the car . jenny , the overweight , middle - age , next - door neighbor , be stand with a casserole . jenny ( cont 'd ) do you have cable ? sarah I do not know . jenny you should know if you have cable . sarah I have never have to use they . jenny check the trunk . Sarah open the trunk of jesse 's car . she pull jumper cable . jenny ( cont 'd ) Problem solve . be Ruby inside ? sarah uh , yeah , but I think she 's busy . jenny that 's okay , I 'il just drop this in the kitchen . the anderson get back from bermuda tonight . do not want they to come home and the cupboard 's bare . Jenny head for the door . Sarah cut she off . sarah I all take it for you . jenny you do not have to do that . sarah it 's no trouble . jenny I want to leave a note . Sarah grab the casserole . sarah ( forceful ) I say I will take it . 75 . out a set of Jenny let go , make uneasy by Sarah 's dominant tone . jenny twenty minute at three - twenty - five . 131 132 133 134 135 76 . int . hill house dine room - day 131 gigi be on she hand and knee scrubbing the dining room floor . her sponge be so blood - soak that nothing be really be clean . Sarah rush in . sarah we have to go now . gigi look at Ruby 's body . she start to cry . sarah ( cont 'd ) what ? gigi we can not just leave she . sarah look at I . the neighbor be bring casserole . I have to learn how to jump a car . there 's no time to be sentimental ! Sarah head to the kitchen with the dish . gigi look around , helpless . the room be in complete disarray and clean up suddenly seem like a impossible task . she drop the sponge . int . jesse's buick - day - continuous 132 the radio blast as Sarah speed down the highway . the car lighter pop out , red hot , and she light a cigarette , nodd she head to the beat . int . gigi 's car - day - continuous 133 gigi drive in total silence , she hand at a perfect ten - and - two . int . jesse's buick - day - continuous 134 Sarah catch she reflection in the rearview mirror . she turn the mirror away from she and crank up the music . int . gigi 's car - day - continuous 135 quiet again as gigi drive , tear in she eye . 136 137 138 139 77 . ext . jesse's buick / magic mountain - day 136 the car zip by the ride and rollercoaster on its way to the amusement parking lot . gigi 's car follow behind . Sarah park and get out . she throw the key as far as she can and walk away from the car . int . gigi 's car - day 137 gigi look straight ahead as Sarah climb in the passenger seat . ext . gigi 's car / jesse 's buick - day 138 gigi 's car drive out of frame , and we be leave for a moment with the abandon buick . int . gigi 's car - day 139 Sarah and gigi drive in silence for a long while . sarah you okay ? gigi do not respond . sarah ( cont 'd ) wanna talk about it ? no response . Sarah resort to a old tactic . sarah ( cont 'd ) if you could be like anyone in the world - gigi ( interrupt ) Grace Kelly . sarah and why ? gigi ( dreamy ) because she 's perfect . gigi exhales deeply . sarah better ? 140 141 142 143 144 78. gigi nod . they drive on . int . sarah' live room - day - later 140 we see a shadowy - gray rectangular shape on the wall behind the sofa where something use to hang . int . sarah' kitchen - day - continuous 141 newspaper be duct -tape to the front of the stainless steel refrigerator . int . sarah' bedroom - day - continuous 142 a sheet hang over the mirror attach to the chest - of - drawer . a crack , full - length mirror be stuff behind the door . a decorative , mirrore wall - hang line with purse and scarve be scribble - in with black marker . int . sarah' bathroom - day - continuous 143 we slowly zoom in on Sarah through the bathroom door . she be stand in front of the sink , carefully apply make - up : lining she eye , powder she nose , curling she lash . her movement be robotic , as though she have do this routine a thousand time . she zip she make - up bag and exit the bathroom as we move inside . we see that she have be stand in front of a blank wall , two round hole in the sheetrock where the mirror have be rip out . ext . make - up tent - day 144 gigi rush to a outdoor tent set up as a make - up room . she slip into a chair and the male make - up artist begin do she hair . make -up artist you be late . gigi do anyone see I come in ? make -up artist they be all over there . he touch she hair . 145 79 . make -up artist ( cont ’d ) do you wash this ? I tell you not to do that . gigi see a group of people outside the tent . a photographer gesture wildly with a camera and storm away . gigi what 's go on ? make -up artist some drama . it 's suppose to rain , they be gonna miss the light , Ruby do not show , blah blah ... do you know where she be ? gigi why would I ? make -up artist just tell she she owe I for cover . gigi touch she face in the mirror . gigi do I look different today ? make -up artist what be in you hair ? he hold up a bloody lock of gigi 's blonde hair . the wind whip the corner of the tent in a rhythmic beat . gigi be fixate on the sound . she close she eye as the sound grow louder ... ext . beach photoshoot - day 145 gigi stand on the beach , fully make - up , wear a bikini , she hair in a bouncy ponytail . she hold a big beach ball and stare out over the water . photographer do you want to tell we what be so interesting , or be you go to make we guess ? gigi sorry . 146 147 80 . photographer you look sad . this be a tampon ad . you be comfortable , active . be happy . Jesus . be everybody try to ruin my day ? the other model in the shoot look at she , annoyed . gigi pose with the ball . her smile be force , plastic . she fight back tear as the photographer snap she picture . she throw the beach ball high in the air . int . elevator - day 146 the sound of a elevator ding . Sarah stand inside . she glance at she reflection in the door , look quickly away again . int . jack 's studio - day 147 Sarah step out of the elevator . Jack be adjust a light instrument . she watch he work for a while , a sheepish grin on she face . he do not notice she . she clear she throat . he look up , but do not stop work . jack what be you do ? sarah come to surprise you . be you surprised ? a very young model in a robe enter from the make - up room . her hair and make - up be elaborately construct . she stand in front of Jack . he cross he arm and tilt he head , examine she . he nod , approvingly . the model slip out of the robe . she be wear very little underneath . Sarah try hard to sound cheerful . sarah ( cont 'd ) oh , be you work ? 148 81 . jack yeah . sarah I do not know . jack you do not call . this hurt , but Sarah force a smile . sarah I do not mind wait . unprompt , she go to the corner and sit on a tall stool , clutching she bag to she chest . she look at the computer on the desk beside she and freeze . Jack have be editing photo of jesse from the shoot a few day before . int . make - up tent - day 148 the wind , stronger now , whip the corner of the tent harder . it sound like a heartbeat . gigi stand motionless , change halfway into she street clothes , haunt by the sound . the other model from the shoot change clothes beside she . model do you take too much percocet or something ? gigi resume dress . model ( cont 'd ) what do you think happen to Ruby ? I bet she finally go off the deep end . I mean , it be bound to happen . gigi be again fixate on the tent . model ( cont 'd ) hello ? gigi yes . Jesus . I hear about Ruby . gigi storm out of the tent . 149 150 151 152 82. model when do you become a bitch ? ext . beach - day 149 the wind whip sand in the air . the sun have disappear , and the beach be misty , gloomy , ready for rain . the rhythmic SOUND of the tent grow stronger , stronger ... it be a full heartbeat now . gigi be pull to the water , draw by some magnetic force . the heartbeat grow louder . gigi wade into the water up to she knee . she look down , search for something . Gentle blue wave lap around she . she stare at she reflection in the water . she reach down and touch it , lovingly . suddenly , the reflection transform into jesse 's face . a hand rise from the ocean , grab she , pull she completely underwater . underwater - day - continuous 150 gigi be pull deeper , deeper . she kick she leg , struggle for the surface . ext . beach - day - continuous 151 gigi wrestle she way back to the beach . she be drench and cake in sand . she cough , breathe hard , and look out over the water , horrify . be it all in she imagination ? int . jack 's studio - day 152 pulsing music blast loud through the studio . Sarah be still slump in the corner , watch the shoot . Bright light flash across she face every time Jack snap a photo . her patience be diminish at a rapid rate . Jack signal to the model with he hand , indicate that they be do . she high - fives he and head back into the make - up room . Sarah sit up , hopeful . then ... 153 83. the elevator open and a dozen new model walk out , chat noisily . a few of they wave to Jack as they make they way to the make - up room . Sarah furrow she brow . she cross to Jack . sarah hey . jack be you still here ? sarah you hungry ? jack I be work . sarah when will you be do ? Jack look up at she for the first time . jack Sarah - sarah hey , do I look different today ? she smile widely . jack no . he walk away , prepare for the next shoot . Sarah clenches she jaw . int . make - up room - day 153 Sarah walk quickly through the room , on the verge of tear , she bag in hand . the model bustle around , get ready . they sharp laughter make Sarah prickle . a brunette model run into she , knock the bag out of she hand . Sarah 's thing go fly everywhere . she turn around , anticipate a apology , but the brunette model continue laugh and chat with she friend , unaware . sarah Excuse I . 154 155 156 157 84 . the model turn around . brunette model yeah ? sarah you spill my shit . brunette model sorry . sarah pick it up . Sarah throw open the bathroom door and enter . brunette model ( whisper ) she 's always here . the other girl snicker . int . studio bathroom - day 154 Sarah sit on the toilet seat , try to pull herself together . she grab a piece of tissue and wipe she eye . int . make - up room - day 155 the model giggle as they lean a chair under the bathroom doorknob , lock Sarah inside . int . studio bathroom - day 156 Sarah take a deep breath and stand to leave . she toss the tissue , catch a glimpse of herself in the large bathroom mirror . she turn away quickly . she twist the doorknob , but the door be jamme . she try it again . int . make - up room - day 157 the chair wiggle violently . one of the model nod to another girl and point to the door . they share a smile . 158 159 160 161 85 . int . studio bathroom - day 158 Sarah bang relentlessly on the bathroom door . she see herself in the mirror and start to panic . she be trap . sarah hello ? can anyone hear I ? int . jack 's studio - day 159 the music continue to blast . Jack sit at the computer , editing the photo of jesse , unaware of Sarah 's cry . int . studio bathroom - day 160 Sarah claw at the door , desperate to be free . sarah someone let I out ! she go to the bathroom mirror . she try with all she might to pull it from the wall , but it will not budge . she hit it with she fist , but it will not break . she look fully at she reflection and scream hysterically . int . doctor' waiting room - day 161 gigi be damp and cover in sand . mascara be smear beneath she eye . she be argue with the receptionist , a conversation which have go on for some time . receptionist I have already tell you - gigi yes , but I have be wait for a hour . receptionist like I say before , mar ’am , you do not have a appointment . gigi ( a insult ) be you new ? receptionist there 's no need for that tone . 162 86 . gigi please tell he I be here . gigi slump back into a chair . she put she head in she hand . a woman exit through the door beside reception . gigi see she chance and run through it . receptionist Excuse I ! Excuse I , what be you do ? int . doctor' hallway / patient room - day 162 Bright white door to various patient room line the hallway . gigi fling they all open , search desperately for something . she open the door to one room and a naked woman turn around . hideous black tick mark cover she body , prepped for surgery . gigi back away . she slam into a doctor in a handsome tie stand in the doorway . it be dr . andrew , 43 , charming , perfect smile . the fluorescent light from the hallway shine down on he , and he look like a angel . gigi throw she arm around he waist . he brushes some sand from she hair . dr . andrew be you building a sandcastle ? the receptionist round the corner in hot pursuit . receptionist I be sorry - I try to stop she . dr . andrew Annie - receptionist ( annoyed ) it 's Anna . dr . andrew Anna , please find a room . this be my best patient . gigi beam at he . 163 87 . int . patient room - dusk 163 the room be almost luxurious . gigi sit on a table in a robe while Dr. Andrew press the skin around she nose . dr . andrew it 's heal nicely . look good . open up . gigi open she robe and Dr. Andrew feel she breast . for the first time we see small scar from she implant . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) do this hurt ? gigi shake she head . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) and I give you a prescription for vicodin , just in case ? gigi and xanax . dr . andrew turn for I . gigi turn to the side . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) everything look fine . you be good to go . he snap off a pair of rubber glove and toss they in a big metal can . gigi please - I need you to do something . Dr. Andrew sigh . dr . andrew I tell you , kiddo , four in one year be all I will do . if you want to talk about a fifth this soon you will have to wait or go find somebody else , but I can not give you my bless . you body can not go through that kind of trauma - gigi I need you to take it out . 88 . dr . andrew take what out ? gigi all of it . gigi begin to cry . Dr. Andrew pat she hand , gently . he sit beside she and she melt into he . gigi ( cont 'd ) I do something ... I think - I can feel it inside I . I need you to take it out , okay ? can you just - can you just take it out ? please ? please ? I can not go home . I can not leave until you do . dr . andrew hey , hey . it 's okay . look it be not uncommon . after something like this . you have put a foreign object into you body ... plenty of woman feel this way . plenty of woman experience some sadness , discomfort , even depression ... we talk about all of this , remember ? gigi nod . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) you will be fine . if you want a mild anti-depressant call I and we can figure it out , okay ? he start to leave , but she clutches he hand so desperately that one of she nail break he skin . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) ow. Jesus . he look at she , frighten and concerned . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) wait right here . okay ? do not go anywhere . Dr. Andrew leave . gigi gasp for breath , half smile , simultaneously relieved and at a loss . she see Dr. Andrew whisper to a nurse in the hall . the nurse peer in the room , furrow she brow . 89 . gigi back away from the door , realize he be not go to help she . she look around the room , desperate . what to do now ? she see she reflection in a metal cabinet , walk up to it . touches it . gigi ( whisper ) jesse ? suddenly , the outrageously loud beat of a heart . gigi cover she ear , as though someone have blast music through headphone . she stumble around the room , throw drawer open . she spot something in one , reach in ... Dr. Andrew enter the room . gigi 's back be to he as he step inside . dr . andrew gigi ? honey ? someone be on they way over here to talk to you , okay ? help you out . okay ? kiddo ? can you hear I ? gigi turn to face he . she be hold a scalpel . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? gigi slice across both of she breast . blood and silicone ooze from the wound . dr . andrew ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! she jam the scalpel into she stomach . she pull the scalpel down , cut across she belly . blood everywhere . she cry from the pain , bring to she knee . her flesh rip open as she make one last cut and drop the scalpel on the ground . she plunge a hand inside of she , search for something . Dr. Andrew run from the room . she pull she hand from she stomach . it be cover in blood , empty . she look at the blood pool around she knee and realize what she have do . 164 90 . int . studio bathroom - day - later 164 Sarah sit in the corner of the bathroom , knee pull to she chest . her face be red and hot from cry , but now she be still , calm . a noise from the opposite side of the door draw she attention up . the door open , and light from the make - up room pour in . Jack appear in the doorway . jack how long have you be in here ? Sarah shrug . he look down at she , he expression pitiful . he sit on the floor in front of she . she smile a little at this unexpected gesture of kindness . jack ( cont 'd ) you have to stop this . sarah stop what ? jack this . come around all the time . show up wherever I be . sarah I think you have be happy to see I . she place a hand on he knee . he sigh . he put he hand on hers and pat it lovingly before remove it . sarah ( cont ’d ) ( confuse ) we sleep together . jack Three year ago . sarah you make it sound like I be crazy . jack well - Jack hold two finger close together as if to say ' just a little crazy .' gl . Sarah smile at this . they share a small laugh . her laughter cease as a wave of realization pass over she face . sarah you be never go to love I . he do not respond . sarah ( cont 'd ) be you ? jack Sarah - sarah why ? why will not you love I ? he look to the ground , do not respond . we zoom in slowly on she face as she speak . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( a realization ) I think I could make you love I . I think - but it 's too hard . all of it . all of it . be young . be thin . be perfect . it 's too hard . ( point ) you have no idea what I have do . all for you . it be all for you . jack ( 0.s. ) what do you do ? the camera stop . time seem to stand still . sarah I eat a young virgin because I think it would make I beautiful . Jack freeze , he mouth gape . for a minute he think she must be serious . then he mouth begin to curl into a smile . he start to laugh . sarah ( cont ’d ) I be serious . it 's not a joke . he laugh harder . jack what 's with you today ? 92 . sarah what do you mean ? jack I do not know . something 's - sarah what ? jack different . he look at she for a long time . he smile . jack ( cont 'd ) okay . he hold up one finger . jack ( cont 'd ) one drink . one . Sarah can hardly believe it . she hold up one finger to match he . sarah one . jack just one . sarah i’1ll meet you after work . we can go wherever you want . jack okay . sarah just one , I swear . he start to leave , change he mind . jack you do have beautiful eye . he go . Sarah be very still for a moment . she try to control she breathe , but she be overcome . she hold a hand to she heart and close she eye . fat tear roll down she face . she weep , convulse , for a very long time . deep , sharp exhales . year of long meet in a moment . 93 . she be suddenly still . a look of disbelief cross she face . do she really get away with it ? do it really work ? she scramble off the floor and look into the mirror . tentative at first , she wipe away the tear and take a moment to truly examine she face , turn this way and that . she search for some change . her hand rise to she eye . her beautiful eye . image flash through she mind : jesse 's eye on the bathroom floor . her hand pick it up . put it in she mouth . a smile creep across she face . it work . she begin to laugh . Wild , manic laughter escape she lip . she be the portrait of a derange lunatic . she stretch top and bottom eyelid away from she eye with she thumb and forefinger . her mouth open wide . her eye bulge out . she appear utterly grotesque . we slowly zoom in on she eye , grow wider and wider , she laughter grow louder and louder until finally ... it stop .