julieta by pedro almodovar julieta 's three house in Madrid , at the three different stage in the story : House 1 be the one she share with she daughter antia , after xoan 's death . 19 , Fernando VI , third floor. from 1998 to 2006-2007 . House 2 be the one to which she move , after throw out all the reminder of she daughter . a neutral , ugly neighborhood far from the center . shortly after , ava die and Lorenzo appear in she life . 2006-2007 to 2016 . House 3 be in the same building as House 1 , 19 , Fernando VI , second floor . julieta move there immediately after she encounter with beatriz . at that moment she decide to stay in Madrid and not go to Portugal with Lorenzo . from 2016 to the end . 1 . madrid . julieta 's house 2 . int . in the morning . 2016 . spring a red fabric fill the screen . over it appear the open credit . at first it give a sensation of stillness , but with the insistence of the shot we discover that the fabric be move , a slight , rhythmic movement . we discover that the fabric be the front of a dress and that julieta 's heart be beat inside it . julieta , a attractive woman of 55 , independent and full of determination , a mixture of timidity and dare , fragility and courage . blond . she be sit next to a bookcase , surround by cardboard box , the kind use for move house . she pick up a sculpture of naked , seat man , with the color and texture of terracotta ( some 8 inch high ) , and wrap it carefully in bubble wrap . she place it in one of the cardboard box that contain art book , a frame photo with Lorenzo , a book of photo by nan goldin , item that she do not want to get rid of . in front of the shelf on which book be pile up in various group , julieta try to decide which she ’1ll put into box and which she ’1ll leave . a great number of the book have to do with classical Greece , mythology , Art , etc . juliet also put in the box a novel by Lorenzo gentile , '' adip , volcan '' , on the cover of which there be a sculpture by ava , as we will discover in due time , also a naked , seat man . the wall of the apartment be paint white . a sober space with little furniture . Bright and comfortable . few decorative element and the few that we see have to do with Lorenzo . in one corner there be a large write desk and , hang in the angle form by the wall , there be three poster . the rest of the wall be bare . a self - portrait of lucien Freud announce a portrait exhibition in London , another poster by the hyper-realist painter Antonio lépez show the desert gran via in Madrid . the third poster be for the spectacle '' the Old woman '' by Bob Wilson . the three hang in they frame on the wall . julieta go over to the write desk and open a side drawer . she rummages in the bottom of the drawer until she find a blue envelope , the size of a Christmas card , the texture of which show that it have be keep for several year , a old envelope . she take the envelope out of the drawer and look at it . the intense blue of the envelope contrast with the red of the dress she be wear . juliet hold it up for a moment , she doubt about put it in the removal box . finally she decide to throw it in the wastepaper basket . the wastepaper basket already contain a jumble of papers and cutting , the result of the clean - out she be do . the entry phone ring . julieta go into the kitchen , answer and then open the door out to the landing . she go back to the far end of the sit room , next to the bookcase , and continue choose book to pack . 2 . madrid . julieta 's house 2 . int . in the morning . 2016 . spring . Lorenzo gentile in person come into the apartment . julieta have previously leave the door open . he be age between 55 and 60 , a attractive man , warm - heart and sincere . a mature , comfortable seducer . argentinean , with a soft accent , he enjoy and be touch by the sight of julieta , confuse by the preparation for the journey . with a few book in she hand : julieta I be in a real mess . I do not know which book to take . lorenzo take the essential one . if you miss any you can buy they on the Internet . julieta I do not like buy book I already have . it make I feel old . lorenzo ( smiling ) right now you look like a little girl . julieta make a nervous face . lorenzo apart from the book , do you have a lot to do ? julieta I still have to do some shopping . lorenzo julieta , we be not go to the desert . you will be able to come to Madrid when you like ... or go to braga , which be closer . julieta ( suddenly , serious ) I have like not to come back to Madrid , if I can avoid it . Lorenzo embrace she tenderly . julieta relax in he arm . they kiss . lorenzo ( murmuring to she ) thank you . julieta for what ? lorenzo for not let I grow old on my own . julieta you be the one not leave I on my own . madrid . a STREET junction in the CENTER . ext . day . 2016 . spring . julieta be walk along , laden with two plastic bag . they could be from a hardware store where she have buy some gardening tool . where the sidewalk go round the corner she pass a woman in she early thirty . the woman be with a group , but julieta notice only she face . neither of they stop , but both seem to be say to themselves '' I know she '' . they turn to each other and exclaim in unison : beatriz julieta ! julieta Bea ! Bea break away from she group , even though she 's ina hurry . one woman in the group look annoyed by the meeting between julieta and beatriz . from they tone it 's obvious that they have not see each other in many year and that they be good friend in another time . they be very excited about the encounter . Bea be very well dress , a outfit from the latest collection by dior and also a bag by dior . she do not seem like a fashion victim , rather someone use to dress and accessorize with the latest trend . after the usual gesture and word : beatriz I can not believe this , juliet ! just last week I meet you daughter at Lake como ! julieta 's eye open wide . surprise , she conceal the impact of this news , she hold she breath . julieta you meet antia ? beatriz yes ! just imagine ! we be look at each other and it be I who go up to she because she do not recognize I ! julieta have to make a great effort to be able to speak . beatriz but you look exactly the same , julieta . in fact , better . julieta manage to murmur '' thank you '' . julieta and what do she say ? beatriz that ... ( she hesitates , look carefully for the best way to put it ) she have come down to the city to buy thing for she child ... she 's get three ! two boy and a girl ! julieta give a force smile , as if this information be not a surprise for she . but the truth be she 's shocked . more than that . julieta yes ... I do not know how she manage ! do you have child ? beatriz no ... I be not even marry . the woman in the group who be watch this meeting with annoyance be show sign of unease . beatriz can feel she eye boring into she shoulder . the woman be dress with elegant , masculine sobriety , slim as a ex-model who still maintain she aura . although julieta and beatriz be happy to see each other , the conversation be a bit tense . julieta be force she to linger and Bea be show sign of impatience . also , the masculine woman do not take she eye off she . beatriz it 's such a pity . I be in a terrible hurry . ( sincere ) you do not know how delighted I be to see you look so well ! the way in which she say this suggest that at some point in they life she have see she unwell . julieta where be you live ? beatriz in New York and Milan . I be accessory editor for vogue . I travel a lot . I go to Lake como for a photo shoot . well ... look very julieta try to hold she back a little longer . julieta that 's wonderful ! listen , say hello to you mother ... beatriz Mom die three year ago . my brother life here . we be meeting he and my niece in a restaurant , but we be run late . julieta look anxiously at the woman in be watch they in annoyance . julieta I be sorry ... ( forced , but she want to know ) what else do antia tell you ? beatriz not much . I ask about you and she tell I you be still live in Madrid . and look , what a coincidence ! julieta yes , I be still here . and I ’1ll be stay here . and ... do she look well ? beatriz yes .. and she be not even wear make -up . she 's very thin , but pretty . she give she a kiss , obviously conversation . in a serious , sincere tone : the group who end the beatriz I be really happy to see you look so well , julieta . bye . beatriz run off after the kiss and join the group wait for she , while julieta watch hungrily . 4 . madrid . a STREET junction in the CENTER . ext . day . cont . 2016 . spring . julieta remain motionless on the sidewalk . she watch helplessly as beatriz disappear round the next corner with she group of friend . she would swear that the woman dress with masculine elegance be ask she , intrigue , who she be . beatriz explain to she . juliet can not hear they . 5 . madrid . house 2 . sitting room . int . night . 2016 . spring . julieta come into she apartment with the plastic bag contain she last purchase . her face be no longer that of the happy , tranquil woman in the first sequence with Lorenzo . now she expression be somber and agitate . in she mind she hear time and again the conversation with beatriz in the street , like a ritornello . she can not get it out of she head . she leave the bag on the write desk , pick up the wastepaper basket and put it on the desk . julieta rummages around in it , under the gaze of lucian Freud from one of the poster . in the silence of the night and with the light from the lamp , Freud 's portrait take on a inquisitive presence . julieta finally find the Christmas card - size blue envelope that she throw out in the morning . her cell phone ring . it 's Lorenzo . she do not answer it . it ring again , she still do not answer it . julieta can not stop look at the blue envelope while she breathe grow more agitate . 6 . madrid . julieta 's house 2 . int . the next morning . 2016 . spring . julieta put some water in a saucepan to boil , to make tea . everything be tidy . she be wear sport clothes suitable for house wear . silence . the entry phone ring . it 's Lorenzo . julieta press the button to let he in . Lorenzo rap on the door . julieta open the apartment door , more rigid than usual and look as if she 's have a bad night . Lorenzo come into the hall . from the outset he notice that something be amiss . he just have to look at julieta . they greet each other with a routine kiss on the mouth . lorenzo be you all right ? as a answer ... julieta I be boil some water ... she go off to the kitchen , follow by Lorenzo . lorenzo I call you last night and you do not answer . julieta I need to be alone . Lorenzo look around as far as he can see . everything be tidy , there be no sign of suitcase or cardboard box . lorenzo what about the case ... and the box ? do not tell I you still have not finish . julieta I have unpack everything . I be stay in Madrid , Lorenzo . lorenzo be you joke ? Lorenzo know that she be not , he look at she questioningly . julieta be concentrate on make the tea . lorenzo but that 's ridiculous ! julieta look at he in silence . it be not ridiculous . julieta I will not be able to go with you . lorenzo ( alarm ) but what 's happen ? she fill she cup with hot water , the teabag be in there . she sweeten it with agave syrup . julieta I know you do not deserve this , but I beg you not to ask I any question . I be not go with you to Portugal . I be stay in Madrid . silence , break by Lorenzo . lorenzo and you be not go to give I any explanation ?! silence . julieta take a deep breath . lorenzo what 's go on , julieta ? julieta I have give it a lot of think and ... lorenzo ( interrupt she ) do not tell I you have not think about it until now ! we have be plan this for almost a year ! julieta look at he , mortify . lorenzo just yesterday you say '' I have like not to come back to Madrid if I can help it '' ! what 's happen so suddenly ? julieta be still struggle with herself . but it 's obvious she have take a irrevocable decision . julieta ( weak and decisive ) do not insist , please . he glare at she . Lorenzo 's mouth have go dry , he palate be sticky . lorenzo can I have a glass of water ? julieta take a bottle from the refrigerator and pour he a glass of water in silence . Lorenzo drink from the glass , think about what to say to she . lorenzo I do not recognize you , julieta . you be behave like a lunatic ... julieta I know . lorenzo ( powerless ) I can not believe we be talk about this ! julieta last night I realize that I be fool myself , that I do not want to leave Madrid , and .. that I prefer to be alone . I be sorry . Lorenzo glare at she again , he know that he will not get another word out of she . lorenzo I always know there be something important in you life that you have never share with I . you never want to talk about it and I have always respected that . julieta ( after a brief pause ) I have like you to keep respect it . Lorenzo look at she , astonished and humiliate . after look at she for a moment he turn to the door and leave . 7 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . ext . day . 2016 . spring . julieta get out of a taxi in front of 19 , Fernando VI . 8 . madrid , 19 , fernando VI . superintendent 's office in build . int . day . 2016 . spring . she come into the entrance hall . the superintendent come out . inocencio , a simple , amiable man , pleasant look , grey hair . from the way they greet each other they seem like old acquaintance . they have not see each other for some time , but julieta talk to he as if they have just see each other the day before . the man do not recognize she at first . julieta hello , inocencio ! inocencio miss julieta ! it 's be age ! inocencio be surprised to see she there . julieta act as if she do not notice , she 's full of determination . julieta yes , indeed . by chance , have any letter come for I ? inocencio ( confused ) in all this year ? noo . julieta I have just come back to Madrid , and I have like to rent my old apartment . be it free ? julieta act as if this inquiry be the most natural thing in the world . ( by this stage , the spectator will think she 's eccentric , verge on crazy ) inocencio ( puzzle ) no ... I think you have leave Spain . julieta yes , but I have come back . and I miss this street . be there another apartment free ? inocencio well , the second leave be empty . julieta that 's wonderful ! can I see it ? inocencio , a good , simple man of 50 , be astonished . he remember that julieta have be very ill year ago and have cause a few scene before leave the building . he 's afraid she have not recover in all this year . inocencio it 's practically unfurnish , and it have not be paint . julieta that do not matter . cut . 9 . madrid . fernando VI , 19 , 2 ™° floor . house 3 . int . day . 2016 . spring . julieta and inocencio appear at the far end of the hallway that lead into the apartment 's large sit room . the color of the wall be different from that of she old apartment in the same building , but the lay - out and aspect to the street be identical . they pause in the doorway . julieta look around the room . the superintendent look at she , uncomfortable . the wooden floor be dirty . and the wall , paint a greyish green , still bear the mark of the previous tenant 's picture and furniture . there be three window , without curtain . inocencio it 's very dirty , I warn you . julieta I ’1ll clean it . I ’l1l take it , inocencio . a ray of sun come through each of the three window that look out on the street and light up the large room . on one side there be a fireplace that divide the wall in two . on both side of the fireplace there be empty shelf . near the shelf a abandon stool and a skay armchair . inocencio but it 's not ready for anyone to move in , miss julieta . if you give I you number , I x11 call you . julieta that be not necessary , really . as long as the bathroom and kitchen work , I can see to the rest . inocencio ( disconcert ) the bathroom and the kitchen be new . cut . 10 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 ™° floor . house 3 . int . day . another day . 2016 . spring . julieta be stand in the sit room of the new apartment , wait for two man to set down the last of the removal box , the same box we see at the beginning . she give each man a tip . she have not bring any furniture from the other house . just clothes and book . cut . ( perhaps this sequence be not necessary ) 11 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 nd floor . house 3 . same day . int . night . 2016 . spring . night have fall . julieta , alone , have open some of the box of book , among they the box we see in seq . 1 . she take out Lorenzo gentile 's book , '' adios , volcan '' , and the sculpture of the seat man which she have pack in bubble wrap . she also take out the Christmas card - type blue envelope from the first sequence . sitting on the skay armchair , use the stool as a table , she open the blue envelope we see in the first sequence . she empty its content onto the stool . the surface be cover with tiny piece of a photo that have be carefully tear up . with she hand she spread out the piece of the photo , create a difficult jigsaw puzzle : the past , lie on the stool . cut . 12 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 " ? floor . house 3 . ext . night . 2016 . spring . she come to the window . we see she from outside , from the point of view of someone on the sidewalk , watch she in the darkness . julieta breathes in the night air , ( the air from the past to which the piece of the tear photo belong ) , the air from she former and current street . see from below she be a enigmatic figure . 13 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 ™° floor . house 3 . int . night . 2016 . spring . a gust of spring air reach the stool and scatter the piece of the photo across the floor . cut . 14 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 ™° floor . house 3 . sitting room . int . night . cont . 2016 . spring . julieta be sit in the old skay armchair next to a simple standard lamp . the photo which have be tear into a thousand piece and scattered be beside she , intact again . julieta be hold a thick , hard - cover italian notebook . on the first page she write the name antia in capital letter . from its position , in the middle of the page , antia be the title of everything she will write afterwards . the scant initial text be write as a list : two son and one daughter . she come down to Lake como to shop , so she life in a town where there be few store . perhaps she life ina nearby , expensive swiss town and she go to shop in Italy which be much cheaper . she do not wear make -up . and she 's thin . she think I be still live in Madrid . 15 . madrid . the STREET . ext . day . cont . 2016 . spring . a very typical image of present day madrid . coincide with the word '' live in Madrid '' we see julieta walk slowly along a street full of people . a sunny spring day . she look at everyone , especially the woman . she smile at one who have two child by the hand . 16 . madrid . OPEN AIR basketball court . ext . cont . 2016 . spring . in the neighborhood where she life . she go into a open air basketball court . she sit on a bench and watch some child play . she be alone . she take a apple from she purse and start to eat it slowly . again , in the park we see she from the point of view of someone watch she unseen . 17 . madrid . the vicinity of julieta 's house 3 . ext . nightfall . 2016 . spring . at dusk she return to she new apartment , weary . she have walk all day . from a nearby corner someone see she open the door of the building where she life . he look up at the window on the second floor until he see the light go on . the man lurking there be none other than Lorenzo . cut. 18 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 ° floor . house 3 . int . night . 2016 . spring . the window be still bare . the bareness be general . the absence of furniture make she solitude even more obvious . we can still see some unopen box of book . she now have a table where she can write . and a good chair that support she back . and a table lamp . in the background , on a sideboard , we see four small frame photo . with she parent , with xoan , with ava and with Lorenzo . there be two picture on the wall . set out on the table be two jar with pencil and marker and the hard - back italian notebook . we also see the photo which have be tear into a thousand piece and be now stick back together like a jigsaw puzzle . it 's the first time it appear . in the photo julieta be pose with the adolescent antia . a photo crisscross with scar . the shelf be full of book . there be more than enough space for a woman on she own . julieta look at the tear , reconstruct photo . she touch it with she fingertip . and she start to write : julieta ( off ) dear antia , she stop . how to continue ? she take a deep breath . she look at she daughter in the patch - up photo . julieta ( off ) I be go to tell you everything I do not have a chance to tell you , because you be a child , because it be too painful for I or simply out of shame . she stop . she look around with tear - fill eye , search for the word . she continue . julieta ( off ) but you be not a child anymore . beatriz tell I that you have child of you own , three , no 19 . 20 . less . you be a grow woman , and a mother ! where do I begin ?... ( she decide ) I ’l1ll tell you about you father . when you ask I how I meet he , I tell you it be on a train , but I do not tell you everything . thirty year before . ext . night . 1985 . winter . ( somewhere between galicia and Madrid ) before it appear , we hear the sound of the train over the last write word ( we hear this in the voice of mature - julieta , that be , play by the actress with whom the story begin in 2016 . the voiceover be always by the mature actress ) . the train go through a wood area . train . sleeping car apartment . int . night . 1985 . winter . ( actress Young juliet ) the voiceover be hear over a close - up of julieta , sit next to the train window , with a book in she hand . she look at the window as if she own voice , 30 year later , be come to she through the glass . julieta ( off ) I be 25 . it be a very unpleasant night and there be a lot of wind . '' suddenly , a tree branch , carry along by the wind , come hurtle out of the darkness and slam violently against the outside of the window , as if try to break through it ; the branch cling to the window for a moment and then disappear , tear away by the same wind , like a warning from nature . julieta look up from she book , startle by the sudden appearance of the phantom branch . through the window we can see a wood countryside and , reflect on the inside of the glass , the leg of a man who come into the compartment at that moment and stand in front of she . sad man be this seat free ? it 's obvious that the seat be free . there be no one else in the compartment , nor be there any case to be see . julieta nod , still startle by the branch hit the window . the man place a leather bag on the luggage net , take off he overcoat and fold it meticulously . he place the coat beside he and sit down across from julieta . he 's wear a sad suit that be too big for he , as if he have lose weight in the last month . he 's wear a black polo neck sweater and glass . he be not a very attractive man in general , he skin be pitte , as if mark by smallpox , he expression be as sad as he appearance . julieta feel instantly repell by he , apprehensive , she do not want to be infect by he sadness . she look back at she _ book , a essay title '' Greek tragedy '' . the sad man try to hide he sadness by appear sweet and friendly , even beseech . he try to strike up a conversation . sad man that branch be really amazing . julieta nod slightly . sad man do it scare you ? julieta yes , it do . and she look down at she book again , in a polite gesture of rejection . best to discourage he from the start . but the amiable intruder do not give up . sad man be you travel alone ? julieta yes . sad man when I see you on you own I think ... that 's good , we can keep each other company . 21 . 22 . julieta be not interested in the offer . all she want be to carry on read and the man face she be prevent she from concentrate . she 's uncomfortable , she look sternly at he . the man sense the rejection and blink , confuse and sad . sad man you do not want to talk .. what a pity ! he say the last word to himself . he suddenly seem depressed . julieta put a end to the conversation by stand up . julieta Excuse I , I have to go out . the man look at she sadly . or perhaps he do not dare look at she , sink in he own sadness . train . train corridor , night . 1985 . winter . julieta come out of the compartment . before walk along the corridor she take a last look at he . the man watch she leave the compartment . in the corridor , she see two woman sit in the next compartment . the two woman look at she too . julieta head for the dining car as if flee from that glance . train . dine car . night . 1985 . winter . it 's cold . in she hurry , julieta forget to take she coat . for the moment , she do not miss it . the window here be much bigger than in the compartment . there be just one customer , xoan , with he back to she , look out , absorb , at the view through the large window . a snow - cover landscape . at that moment , a stag cross the surface of the freeze countryside . it be run diagonally , towards the train , with no fear of be run over . he 's a magnificent specimen , with a brown and silver coat . set against the white surface of the countryside , he look 23 . like the illustration of a child 's horror story . a hypnotic vision . julieta come up and look in astonishment through the window at the stag run through the snow . aware that julieta be stand behind he , xoan speak without look at she . xoan I hope he do not get too close to the train . he 's talk about the stag . julieta he be not afraid of the train . he 's look for a female . he smell she in the air . xoan finally notice she . while they look out at the run stag , julieta and the stranger xoan feel mysteriously connect . the couple have become part of the harmony of the landscape : the freeze countryside , a stag with a silvery coat run to meet he beloved , and in the foreground a man and woman watch he , entrance . train . dine car . night . 1985 . winter . xoan ( holding out he hand ) I be xoan . julieta take he hand . julieta julieta . julieta still have she book in she hand . xoan would you like to have a drink ? julieta all right . a waiter come up , julieta ask for tea . the dining car have the color and atmosphere of Edward Hopper 's cafe / diner . xoan be a strong man , he face weathered by the wind and the sun . he have more wrinkle than he should have at he age . a solid , attractive man , with a disarming smile , who give off a air of confidence and natural authority . he be ten year older than julieta , that be , thirty five . xoan be the opposite of the man she have just leave in she compartment . he do not hide he interest in julieta . 24 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 ° floor . house 3 . the present . 2016 . spring julieta be still write to she daughter antia . julieta ( off ) xoan tell I that he be call xoan and I tell he I be julieta . he tell I he be marry and that Ana , he wife , have be in a coma for five year . 25 . train . dine car . see from the exterior . 1985 . winter . julieta and xoan be drink something while they talk . the white lunar landscape be reflect in the glass . they be alone in the dining car . we do not hear what they be say . mature julieta recount it in voiceover . julieta ( off ) I tell he I be teach classical Philology , stand in for a teacher who be ill . xoan tell I that he be a fisherman and he have three gamelas . he be go to Madrid to buy a engine for one of they . he have live all he life by the sea , in the house he grandfather have buy when he come from Cuba . 26 . train entering the station . ext . night . 1985 . winter . the train slow down until it stop in the station of a 27 . town . the station be at one side of the train . there be snow everywhere , except on the platform , protect by shelter . Three or four passenger , all wrap up , get on the train . it be pitch black . only the station chief and the switchman be leave on the platform . train station . int . dine car . night 1985 . winter we hear off screen : train conductor ( off ) ten minute stop ! xoan stand up . xoan do you feel like stretch you leg a bit ? julieta would love to accompany he , but she leave she coat on she seat , across from the sad man and she do not feel like go back there for it . julieta I be not really dress for the weather . thank you . xoan see you later . and he leave the carriage . julieta watch he disappear . a blast of cold air sneak through the door when xoan open it . julieta would like to get she coat but she do not want to meet the man with the pitte skin again . consciously or not , she stay in the dining car wait for xoan to come back . she try to concentrate on she book while she drink she tea . the title of the book , '' Greek tragedy '' by albin lesky , appear at the bottom of the frame , as if give the name to what be very shortly go to happen . cut. 28 . 29 . 30 . station . exterior train . night . 1985 . winter . the train slowly set off again . train . engine driver 's cab . int . night . 1985 . winter . we see the same action from inside the cab of the train . the driver start the engine . train . dine car . int . night . 1985 . winter . julieta , sit at the same table , be still read . in the background there be two more people . we see through the dining car window that the train have start to move . julieta look over at the carriage door , wait for xoan to appear . back to 29 . train . engine driver 's cab . int . night . 31 . 32 . 33 . 1985 . winter . the engine driver see something unexpected on the track and rapidly hit the red brake button . he look shake . train . ext . night . 1985 . winter . simultaneously . we see in close - up the train wheel suddenly brake , screeching and send up spark . train . sleeping car 2 . int . night . 1985 . winter . simultaneously . Inside the compartment next to julieta 's , two bag fall on top of the two woman sit in there . one woman be hit on the head . train . dine car . int . 1985 . winter . simultaneously . 34 . 35 . in the dining car , the inertia of brake cause julieta to fall across the table . the cup of tea slide along the surface and fall to the floor . the brake catch the waiter unawares with he tray in one hand as he 's serve some customer . with he leg widespread , he try to keep he balance , but the cup and glass fall to floor and break . the bottle and glass in the bar accompany the general commotion , jump around on they shelf . train . dine car . int. / ext . 1985 . winter . the train finally stop brusquely . julieta leave the dining car and head for she coach and compartment . train . corridor . int . night . 1985 . winter . the two woman from the compartment next to hers come out into the corridor , complain . woman 1 what happen ? woman 2 be hold she hand up to she head . a young man also come out into the corridor . young man the train have stop . woman 2 why ? and so suddenly ?! the train conductor appear at the far end of the corridor and walk quickly up to the woman and the young man ( hide he fear , so as not to alarm they ) . behind he , a drunken , dishevel passenger ( man a ) stick he head out the door of he compartment . the drunk look at the little group . train conductor do not worry , it 's nothing . we have just stop . woman 1 well , a bag fall on my head and nearly kill I ... julieta appear at the other end of the corridor and walk uneasily up to the group . simultaneously man a ( drunk and dishevel ) come out of he compartment , follow by he wife , a woman with large shoulder pad and a uncouth voice . they join the group form by the young man , the train conductor , the two woman and julieta . man a do we hit something ? I see a stag run beside the train . train conductor ( rejecting this ) no , what a idea ! woman 1 I see it too ... julieta remember the magnificent animal and she heart sink to think that it may have be run over by the train . train conductor ( firmly ) please go back to you seat and do not block the corridor ! the young man obey . julieta , beside the woman from the compartment next to hers . julieta what happen ? woman 2 the train brake so hard a_ bag fall on top of I ! train conductor ( to julieta ) the train will be start up again right away . please , go back to you seat . at the other end of the corridor , the drunk man 's wife be try to persuade he to go back into they compartment , but the drunk be protest , he want a commotion . the train conductor go in the direction from which julieta be come , towards the dining car . 36 . train , corridor . julieta and the two women . int . night . 1985 . winter . cont . julieta look into she compartment from the corridor , where she be stand beside the two woman . she see that she case have only sly along the net where she have leave it . however the sad man 's bag have fall to the floor . the overcoat be still where he leave it . julieta notice that the man be not there . julieta have you see the man who be sit here ? woman 1 the one with glass and the black polo neck sweater ? 37 . train . julieta 's compartment / corridor . int . night . 1985 . winter . cont . julieta nod and go into she compartment with she book in she hand . woman 1 I see he in the corridor . he must be around somewhere . she leave the book on she seat and pick up the leather bag from the floor . she be surprised that despite its considerable size the bag do not weigh anything . she put it on the seat across from she , intrigue . woman 2 when we stop he get down onto the platform . I see he walk through the snow . he do not have a coat , that 's why I notice he . I think he be drunk . 38 . 39 . woman 1 he 's probably still wander around the station , that 's why we have stop . julieta look out the window and see the train conductor run through the snow towards the engine cab . she have the feel that something serious have happen . julieta look inquisitively at the leather bag in front of she , as if it be a live be . she hear the two woman go back to they compartment . finally no one be look at she . she get up and give way to the temptation of open the bag . she open the zip and separate the two side . to she surprise she discover that there be nothing inside . the bag be totally empty . she go out to the corridor , intrigue , and walk in the opposite direction to the dining car . we see this from outside , through the corridor window . she go to one of the door lead to the platform . train station . ext . night . cont . 1985 . winter . julieta appear at the door lead to the platform . from there she can see a small group of man come back from the cab of the train , crossing the dark , snowy ground . at first she can only make out the silhouette of the group as it move . gradually she can make out the man and finally she can see that they be carry a stretcher . xoan and the train conductor be among they . they be all serious and somber . it look like a funeral cortege . from where she be ( at the train door ) , julieta can not make out what be on the stretcher . whatever it be , it 's cover by blanket . pale from apprehension , she jump down onto the platform , she foot sink into the snow . she run , coatless , towards the group . as soon as he see she , xoan go over to she to prevent she get closer to the group . train station . ext . night . cont . 1985 . winter . xoan what be you do here ! get back on the train ! you 'il catch pneumonia ! julieta ( uneasy ) what be you carry on the stretcher ? xoan what ? julieta be it the stag ? xoan no ! why do you say that ? julieta ( horrify ) then it 's a man ...?! xoan ( plead ) come on , get on the train ! julieta can see in xoan 's eye that she 's right . the cortege be transport a dead man . juliet 's eye shine damply in the dark . julieta ( horrify ) oh ! it 's he ! that 's why we have stop .. ( she look at he intensely in search of confirmation ) a man with a black sweater and glass ... xoan do not contradict she , but neither do he confirm it . julieta burst into tear . he pull she along . xoan ( fatherly ) get on the train , please ! xoan put he arm round she , to protect she from the cold , and put she on the train . julieta take a last look at the funeral cortege which be now arrive at the station building . cut. 40 . train . julieta 's compartment . int . of moving train . night . 1985 . winter . during the ellipsis between the two sequence , julieta have be cry . sitting where she have be seat earlier , she be blow she nose and drying she eye . xoan be sit across from she , in the dead man 's seat . julieta he be sit there , where you be now . xoan listen to she in silence , a understanding , reassure silence , like someone listen to a child who be make a drama out of a unimportant problem . julieta he want to talk , but ... I be bother by the way he be look at I and I run out of here .. how be I to know he be feel so awful ! xoan ( serious ) any girl would have do the same ... julieta ( reproaching herself ) I should have realize ! xoan ( tenderly ) do not torture yourself . he would still have kill himself . julieta why be he carry a empty suitcase ? xoan I do not know . ( explain ) he do not want to attract attention . he have it all plan before he get on the train . no one kill 41 . himself because a pretty girl do not want to talk to he . julieta be still upset , but xoan 's presence be more powerful than the idea of death . they exchange know look , not without desire . cut . train . julieta 's compartment . int . of moving train . night . 42 . 1985 . winter . the scant light in the compartment be come through the window . xoan and julieta be lie in they parallel seat - bed and face head to toe . they be alone . julieta have she back to xoan , she be awake and tense . xoan be lie face she . his eye run along she leg , she ass and she waist . they be barely inch from each other . to get into that position : the bottom of the seat slide forward and the back recline , leg rest on the opposite seat . the result be a kind of articulate bed in three part . in this way , the six seat end up become three bed . xoan be lie on the first bed ( next to the window ) and julieta on the second ( that be , the one in the middle ) . there be some eight inch between both bed . the body be clothed and they do not even graze each other but they feel they closeness multiply . xoan change he position , he lie totally parallel to julieta . that be , with he head line up with hers . he lay he head on the armrest . julieta be breathe unsteadily . xoan stroke she waist . julieta turn , she no longer have she back to he . julieta I can not sleep . xoan neither can i. and they kiss with intense pleasure . cut . moving train . julieta 's compartment . int . night . 1985 . winter . a shot of the window , we only see the edge . the night landscape be racing past , in the opposite direction , through area that be dark grey and green , not snow cover . the only light come into the compartment be from the window . the glass reflect the couple , inside the compartment make love voraciously . it seem that the fleeting countryside be reflect on the lover 's skin . the vegetation close to the train increase the feel of flight . two young body , half dress , escape from the idea of death . cut. 43 . madrid . house 3 . another STREET . ext . 2016 . spring . in the present , julieta , age 56 , be walk through the street of Madrid , through the place that remind she of she daughter . she walk slowly . she be not go anywhere in particular . she look at everyone she pass , with close , friendly attention . Lorenzo be watch she without be see . julieta want to make herself visible , and Lorenzo , invisible . ( she be see from a distance , at time hide by car , or passer - by ) cut . 44 and 44a . madrid . int . and ext . '' estudio '' school . aravaca . 1985 . spring . inside a classroom in the school . it be year 85 of the last century . julieta be dress like a modern girl of that time , hair dyed platinum blonde in a spiky style , short leather skirt and a blouse . she be probably the most seductive teacher in the school . the classroom be full of adolescent . julieta finish write three word in Greek on the blackboard : thalassa , hal and ponto . julieta ( with she back turn as she write ) the three word mean '' sea '' in Greek . she turn to the pupil . julieta ponto be sea and high sea . and it refer to the sea as a road , the road to adventure . that be why Ulysses be the maritime hero par excellence . julieta be a very affable teacher , who speak to the pupil as if they be she equal and teach they classical literature as something that be alive . she make they participate continuously julieta for example , when Ulysses arrive on calypso 's island , exhaust after a shipwreck , the nymph calypso who be unbelievably beautiful ... marcos , who do you think be the most beautiful woman ? julieta go over to the pupil 's desk . marcos be a very handsome boy , aware of he attractiveness and therefore sure of himself . marcos you . laughter from he classmate . julieta that do not count because I be the teacher , and it be not right for the teacher to have sex with the pupil . come on , tell I someone else . marcos Kim basinger . julieta really lovely , much prettier than I . another pupil Angela molina . julieta she 's beautiful too . well , the goddess calypso be like Kim basinger and Angela molina together . and she offer Ulysses everything you can imagine . now , Diego . she turn to another pupil . more julieta tell I something that she offer he , something really important . diego ( with a estremaduran accent ) her body . laughter . julieta that 's the first thing . but also ... something we all dream about ? male pupil eternal youth . julieta exactly , and immortality . yet Ulysses refuse it and set out to sea , face endless danger . which of the three meaning would you choose to speak of the sea that Ulysses yearn for ? female pupil thalassa ! julieta ( charm ) nooo . another female pupil ponto . julieta that 's it , ponto ! the sea , the high sea , the road to adventure and the unknown . 45 . 46 . cut . '' estudio '' school . corridor . int . day . 1985 . spring . julieta be walk along a corridor , she pass a few pupil or teacher . she greet they as she pass . she stop at the door to the principal 's office . she knock and a voice tell she to come in . '' estudio '' school . principal 's office . int . day . 1985 . spring . the principal invite she to sit in the armchair across from she , on the other side of the desk . principal Mrs. martinez will be come back next week , so .. you substitution time will be over . julieta nod . principal I want you to know that we be very happy with you work . we have never have such attendance at the classical literature class . julieta thank you . I have enjoy this six month very much . principal I be glad . julieta go to stand up . principal wait ... this letter arrive for you . the principal take a letter from one of she desk drawer and hand it to julieta . julieta look at the name of the sender , xoan feijoo , and he full address in rede , a town in corunna . 47 . 48 . she look at the principal inquiringly . she turn the envelope over and see that it 's address to she although it only have she Christian name , no surname , and the name of the school . principal be it for you , julieta ? julieta yes , yes . principal I think so . we have no other julieta . '' estudio '' school . exit . 1985 . spring . adolescent and child be enter and leave the building . Parents accompany they or come to collect they . the usual movement around the school . julieta have xoan 's letter in she hand . she read it as she walk . xoan ( off ) dear julieta , I do not know if you 's be still work at the school . I hope so because it 's the only address I have get for you ... train . spring landscape . int . and ext . cont . 1985 . spring . Inside the compartment , julieta be look out the window at the spring landscape . we hear the content of the letter which julieta be hold in she hand as if it be a ticket or a passport . xoan ( off ) I think of you so much . I can not get that night on the train out of my head . julieta 's breathe be unsteady from excitement . she put she hand to she stomach . xoan ( off ) 49 . 50 . Ana be still the same , or worse . even though I be only away for two day , when I get back she look worse . when you be here all the time you do not realize . I do not go fishing today , that 's why I be write to you . the sea be very choppy and there will be a storm this afternoon . rede . taxi . int. / ext . day . cont . 1985 . spring . a taxi be drive along a street in rede , a galician town on the coast . xoan ( off ) I have like to see you appear through the rain , look for a place to shelter , and that that place be my home . julieta be in a local taxi . she have very little luggage , a medium -size bag . rede . xoan 's house . ext . day . cont . 1985 . spring . when we finish hearing xoan 's voiceover , the taxi drop she in front of a two -story house whose facade be mainly a smoky grey color . the house have a modernist influence . the door be arch shape , of shotcrete . before reach the front door , there be a area with terracotta color tile , demarcate by a concrete fence that have a border on its upper part . a white fence . the sea can be see behind the house . it be a very different construction from the other house along the street . really they be all different from each other . even though it be not raining , julieta incorporate the fisherman 's epistolary desire . there she be , in front of he house , open the gate . there 's a reddish - brown dog at the gate , jump around and bark . he go straight up to julieta when she approach the front door . he 's a sturdy pup who could easily knock she to the ground , but he just want to play . she ring the bell . a woman come out of the house . she shout at the animal . marian cinnamon ! julieta stroke the dog which react with delight . mariana be 50 year old galician woman , weather - beat , broad and reserve . marian cinnamon ! do not be a nuisance ! julieta hello ! marian look she up and down . she be one of that woman who be proud of themselves and do not hide the fact that they be judge you . she do not like the look of julieta . marian I think you be late . the funeral be yesterday . julieta do not understand what she mean . she look at she , bewilder . marian but come in , if you want , and have some coffee . I be marian , I take care of the house . julieta accept the invitation , upset by the news that someone have die and have already be bury . they walk through a large entrance hall which communicate with the rest of the house by a door . seascape and the oil portrait of a woman from another era hang on the wall . marian be a hard woman , in every sense , and quite ugly . her eye be of different color , she hair have a small , casual curl , she make no effort to be pleasant , just the opposite . she behave as if she own the house . she prejudge julieta with contempt , she think she be some easy conquest of xoan 's . and it show . she have invite she in to be able to confirm it . 51 . rede . xoan 's house . kitchen . int . day . 1985 . spring . julieta follow hers into the house . on a sideboard near the entrance be the figure of a boat paint indigo blue . it catch she attention . she look at the piece with a expert eye . the two woman walk from the front door to the kitchen , crossing the entrance and a hallway . marian when do you meet Ana ? julieta breathes more easily . it 's Ana who be dead . xoan be fine . julieta Ana ? I do not know she . marian that 's what I think , because Ana have not be out of here in the last six year . they go into the kitchen . the kitchen look out on the sea through three enormous window . the sea fill the kitchen and julieta 's eye . julieta ( dazzle ) oh ! the sea ! marian it 's very strike the first time , be not it ? sit down . julieta obey and sit at the table in the middle of the kitchen . marian , with she back to she , serve she coffee on the kitchen worktop . there be lot of sargadelo cup and plate . marian so , you have come to see xoan . julieta nod and make a vague sound . she have think of make some excuse , that she be pass through , that she be go to visit a friend who life in the area , but at the last minute she decide not to . it would be like admit marian 's superiority . marian I do not think he will be back tonight , he 's with ava . marian look at she to see how she react . she offer she some cake which julieta refuse even though she 's hungry . she only accept the coffee . marian do you know ava ? julieta shake she head . marian she do ceramics and sculpture . julieta suppose that the sculpture at the entrance , the blue boat , must be by she . Maria sit across the table from julieta . as if guess what julieta be think . marian ava and Ana be good friend , when Ana be still able to talk or she could listen . the poor woman be like a vegetable , and a man need a woman , ( she look at she blatantly ) but it 's not for I to criticize xoan . julieta be listen to marian with she empty coffee cup in she hand . marian more coffee ? julieta no . marian then give I the cup and I x11 wash it . she take the cup , stand up and go over to the work top . she run the water while she ask : marian well , what be you go to do ? you can still catch the eight o'clock bus . it pass near here , in the square . julieta do not react , she just look at she watch . there be almost three hour to go . marian you can come home with I and then my husband will take you to the bus . she go to get she jacket which be hang on a hook . julieta I be tired . I have rather wait here if you do not mind . marian ( scandalize ) where ? julieta right there , in the entrance hall . marian think it 's forward of she , and rash . marian on you own ? she consider in silence what julieta 's relationship with xoan might be if she speak like that . she think that perhaps it would be presumptuous of she to throw out a real friend of she boss . from the first moment , the meeting between marian and julieta be a confrontation , a struggle for domestic power , although it 's senseless and be too soon . marian give way , although she do not hide she disapproval and how little she trust julieta . she pick up she jacket and purse . she change tactic , she speak in a friendly tone . marian I have stay with you , but I can not . I have neglect my husband this last day . julieta thank you very much . marian hate she at that moment . she recognize that juliet have be the winner in that first duel . in the entrance hall : marian ( annoy ) well , anyway , cinnamon will stay with you . julieta sit in one of the ugly armchair in the entrance hall . julieta thank you . marian be careful not to fall asleep and miss the bus , eh ? i’1l call you on the phone , just in case . julieta you need not bother . at the door : marian I x11 call you . and she leave the house . julieta relax . the dog come up to she , ready to play , and she welcome it , delighted . she be alone , in xoan 's house . cut . 52 . rede . facade xoan 's house . ext . darkest night . 1985 . spring . all we can hear be the murmur of the sea and the bark of a distant dog . xoan get out of a van . he open the front door and go into the entrance hall . silence reign in the house . the light in the entrance hall , the kitchen and the hallway be out . 53 . rede . xoan 's house . hallway / xoan 's room . int . early morning . cont . 1985 . spring . he look towards the far end of the house . silence . everything be neat and tidy . xoan walk along the hallway to the door of he bedroom . he open it very slowly and stand in the doorway , enjoy what he see . julieta be lie sleep in the leather armchair . there be a little lamp light on a low side table . the light bounce off the wall and softly illuminate julieta 's seat figure . the dog be sleep beside she on the floor . xoan do not want to disturb that image and he do not turn on the overhead light . everything that be not the sleep julieta remain in semi - darkness . he walk quietly over to the armchair so as not to wake she . he take she in he arm and carry she to the bed . juliet open she eye . xoan ( murmuring ) do not wake up ... julieta be in a rush to explain . julieta I get you letter and I come . xoan shhh . xoan suggest sweetly that she should not speak . he lay she on the bed . the two start to undress quickly , as if they only have a few minute . julieta do everything lie on the bed . she unbutton she blouse . xoan help she to pull it over she head . he devour she mouth . julieta I never think that you wife ... xoan do not let she finish , he devour she mouth and she word . xoan do not think about that now . xoan , sit on the edge of the bed , continue to undress . julieta , she torso naked , embrace he from behind . she run she mouth across he back , from shoulder to shoulder , interrupt the kiss to bite he and smell he . she look for the scent of another woman , the scent of the unknown ava . but she do not find it . xoan only smell of the sea . cut. 54 . day 55 . rede . xoan 's house . the next morning . kitchen . int . 1985 . spring . xoan come out of the bedroom , half asleep . he find julieta busy in the kitchen , he pause to enjoy look at she . her hair be tie up and she leg be bare . she be only wear a shirt of xoan 's that be too big for she . she be chew greedily on a local cake while she fix breakfast . ( the same cake marian offer she when she arrive and which she refuse ) julieta smile at he as if she 's be catch red - hand . but she can hardly speak , she mouth be full . julieta this cake be delicious ! xoan they 's be typical of here . julieta I be make breakfast , I be hungry . xoan I too . be there anything for I ? he embrace she from behind . they play at kissing and eat cake at the same time . everything show that the previous night be a memorable night for both of they . cut . rede . xoan 's house . kitchen . int . day . cont . 1985 . spring . they be have breakfast in the kitchen . facing each other across the kitchen table . they be both half - dress . julieta , relaxed , be continue with the apology that she could not finish the night before . julieta when I get you letter I take it as a invitation to visit you . xoan ( smiling ) that be my intention . julieta I never imagine that you wife have die . I be sorry . xoan ( serious ) it be for the best . that be not live . julieta nod , but xoan want to change the subject . xoan marian ring to tell I she have leave you here , wait for the bus , but she be not sure you have leave . julieta she tell I you be with a woman . xoan nod . julieta ava , I think . xoan smile . xoan ava be a old friend . you will meet she . she 's a artist , like you . julieta ( serious ) I be not a artist . I teach classical literature . and now , not even that . xoan well , I be sure you will like she . you 's 11 meet she . julieta look at he as if she have just make a decision . she stand up and leave some plate on the worktop . julieta I think I 'il leave today . I do not really know what I be do here . xoan fishing . it 's a lovely day . we should go fishing ! 56 . 57 . julieta smile and think , stand by the worktop , uncertain about what she ’1ll do next . xoan seem to be amused by she doubt . he remain sit at the table . we hear the dog bark at the door as it greet marian . rede . xoan 's house . int . day 1985 . spring . marian come into the house . she 's laden with shopping . she arrive in the kitchen and give julieta a disapprove look . the worst have happen . not only do julieta stay in the house but she sleep with xoan . the fisherman , relaxed and happy , introduce they . xoan marian , julieta , I think you have meet already . the two woman nod . marian leave that , I 'il wash they . marian be about to say '' I see you miss the bus '' , but she restrain herself . she leave the bag on the worktop . she speak , but keep she back turn on the other two . marian be she stay today ? julieta look at xoan and decide at that moment . she no longer have any doubt . julieta yes . xoan ( to marian ) we be go fishing ... muxia lighthouse . ext . day . 1985 . spring . a long shot of the lighthouse and the rock which surround it and fill the beach . in the distance , the vilan lighthouse . 58 . 59 . 60 . the wave break against the rock which be sculpt by the wind and sea . terracotta- color granite rock that , over the century , have acquire strange shape , point or flat as stone fly saucer . some rock have incision on they surface , fracture , but the piece still cling together . rock with gashes and scar . it 's a telluric , original landscape , tense , disturbing , very expressive . in the distance , we see one of xoan 's gamelas on the sea . the sea . day . a close - up of the gamela in the middle of the sea . 1985 . spring . xoan and julieta be entangle in some love play , with the sea as the only witness . to the rhythmic sound of the wave slapping against the wood of the boat , we hear julieta 's voice . the voiceover continue to be hear over the next sequence . julieta ( off ) I do not have a job , I be not ina hurry . I think I have stay for just a few day . I have to tell xoan something but I keep put it off . it be a new life , strange for a woman who have come from the sun , but welcoming . I spend the night fly in xoan 's arm . I feel trap , and free at the same time . rede . xoan 's house . xoan 's room . night . 1985 . spring . julieta be lie naked on the bed . xoan , also naked , be sit in the armchair where he find she . he never tire of look at she . the image of xoan look very like ava 's sculpture , the series of '' seat I n '' . rede . ava 's studio . int . day . 1985 . spring . the studio 's interior be very distinctive . ava be a very attractive , interesting woman . work clothes , untidiness , suit she . independent , sensual and free , at first sight ava give off all that quality . a organize disorder reign in the studio . a assortment of material , photo that she use as sketches , male nude , pot of different kind ... piece half make or do in clay before the mold be emptied . lot of drawing . a few finish piece . the oven . julieta be immediately interested in ava 's sculptural work . pot and male figure . she go over to the table where the finish sculpture be . there be a series of seat naked man . they remind we of xoan 's posture in the previous sequence . julieta fall in love with one of the sculpture . julieta can I touch it ? ava pick it up , if you want . julieta oof ! it 's heavy ! ava ( smiling ) 10 pound . be careful . julieta I think it be terracotta . ava it 's bronze . at the end I give they a terracotta glaze that 's the color of the rock next to the lighthouse . julieta ( fascinate by the sculpture ) it 's get such force ! ava I try to make the sculpture compact , so that the wind can not knock they over . like the people from here . the people from here be very tough . julieta put the sculpture back on the table 61 . rede . ava 's studio . another day . 1985 . spring . julieta ( off ) I visit ava frequently . I like to see she work and smoking ... and she like I to tell she mythological storey , like I do with you when you be small . julieta be have tea and sit in the armchair in silence while she watch ava work . the sculptress pick up a handful of clay and start to mold it . she have a light cigarette stick between she lip . she puff on it from time to time without use she hand . julieta look at ava ’s_ hand , cover with mud , carefully molding a figure . julieta the god create man and other being with the help of clay and fire . they give they the attribute they need for they survival . some be give fur and other wing for fly . when it be man 's turn , the god discover that they have no gift leave , so man be bear naked and defenseless , in the midst of nature . ava listen carefully to she , she have never think of the nakedness and weakness of the first man , and she pity he . julieta I be pregnant , ava . ava by whom ? julieta by xoan , I be pregnant when I come from Madrid . 62 . 63 . 64 . ava ( surprise ) ah , do he know ? julieta no , I do not want to put pressure on he . ava you have to tell he . xoan adore child . julieta 's eye light up . rede . xoan 's house . ext . day . 1985 . fall . xoan come home after a day 's fishing . cinnamon be excited and race out to meet he , bark frantically . before he go into the house , when he be at the door , he hear a baby 's cry . xoan disappear into the house in a flash . ( consider this ) in the darkness of a tunnel . and inside a train . 1986 . winter . the train be go through a tunnel . the voice emerge from the transient darkness . xoan , julieta and the baby , two or three month old , be on the train . julieta ( off ) a few month after you be bear , I take you to you grandparent , so they could meet you and meet xoan . int . of train . exit from the tunnel . 1988 . spring ( in the change of light , two year have pass ) julieta ( off ) two year later , we visit they again . it be urgent , so that mom could see you before it be too late . grandpa Samuel have _ take early retirement . he be the town schoolteacher , and he give it up to become a farmer . he have sell the 65 . 66 . house where I have grow up = and buy another in the country ... in the same train , but crossing a exterior landscape , we see julieta with antia , two year old . ( it 's very early , day have just break ) a rural square in andalusia . ext . dusk . 1988 . spring . the square of a little andalusian town . White facade . tree that offer shade , iron bench , street lamp , a melon seller with he melon stall , one or two gypsy woman , little child and one who be 8 year old and be endlessly plow through the square on he bicycle . Old man who share the bench with other townspeople wait for the bus . a few terrace with line of wash , pot of flower , a neighbor come out of she house . a colonial style church . the square be a demonstration of the joy , color and light of the south . Samuel and sanda be sit on one of the metal bench . he be almost 60 , he skin harden by exposure to the sun . he be overflow with health . sanda be young and very beautiful , a olive-skinn maghrebi woman . they look over at a angle of the frame . the front of the bus appear round a corner by the church . rural square . beside the church . ext . dusk . 1988 . spring . the bus cross the frame from leave to right , block out the square . relative of the traveler start to arrive from in front and from behind . the two door of the bus open . carlos , 50 , get out of the rear door . as well as he own bag he have julieta 's backpack . julieta get out after carlos , with the little girl in she arm . she thanks carlos for he help , just as she be hugge by she father , Samuel , accompany by sanaa . carlos go off to the leave and effusively kiss a woman much young than he be , probably he wife . julieta 's group move away to leave room for other traveler get out and for relative who have come to pick they up . in this way we also isolate they . Samuel pick up the backpack from the ground . he hug he daughter and he granddaughter , overflow with affection . SAMUEL ( to the little girl ) but who have we here ! she 's get so big ! do not you have a kiss for grandpa ? Samuel hug he daughter and kiss she . in a more adult tone , but happy . SAMUEL how be the journey , sweetheart ? julieta very long ! you look so handsome ! SAMUEL you be the two beauty ! look , I want to introduce you to sanaa . sanda hold out she hand shyly . julieta offer she leave hand . she 's hold the little girl with she right , so she make a apologetic gesture . SAMUEL have you get a case ? julieta yes , a brown one . and the pushchair . sanéa go over to the bus 's luggage compartment . around she , the typical hubbub of traveler and relative . while she talk to she father , julieta keep look at the young maghrebi woman . julieta what about mom ? SAMUEL she 's fine . we be get by . you 'il see she now . how 's xoan ? julieta he could not come . he send you lot of love . ( she lower she voice ) and that girl ? SAMUEL 67 . that 's sanaa , the girl I tell you about . julieta ( puzzle ) she 's the woman who help you ? SAMUEL she look after you mother and help I out with the land . we be really lucky to find she . sanaa come back with the case and the pushchair . Samuel get between julieta and sanaa . SAMUEL let 's get in the car , it 's right here . inside the car . secondary road in andalusia . dusk . 1988 . spring . Samuel be drive , sanaa be beside he . julieta and antia , who be asleep , be in the back seat . the evening light filter through the window , create a golden atmosphere in the interior . julieta do not you miss the school ? SAMUEL I do not have time , what with you mother and the land , the day fly by . julieta I never think you have retire , much less retire early . SAMUEL it 's better for we like this . you mother and I always dream of live in the country . julieta look at sanaa . julieta do you speak Spanish , sanaa ? sanaa ( intimidate ) a little ... julieta look at sanda as if she be examine she . SAMUEL ( explain ) she speak it beautifully , it 's just that she 's a bit shy . we meet she eight year ago , at the Festival of ancient Music in fez . she and you mother become good friend and we keep in touch with she . it 's lucky that she 's live with we now . 68 and 69 . house in the country . ext . and int . dusk . 1988 . spring . a house in the country , simpler and smaller than the traditional andalusian cortijo . the house have a annex for store tool and farming implement . there may also be a little hen house . it 's a _ self - sufficient place . from the house we can see the greenhouse , a structure whose roof be cover by a plastic grid . next to the house there be a small piece of land with trellise and seedbed . the entrance to the house be protect by a vine that filter the sunlight . the place have a impressionist beauty . julieta , antia ( be carry ) , sanaa ( with the pushchair ) and Samuel , with julieta 's case , come into the plot and walk towards the porch . SAMUEL the house have no luxury but we have gain in quality of life . julieta be carry antia . the little girl be tired but for the moment she do not protest and look all around , interested . julieta which be mom 's room ? her father point to a little window , cross by the trunk of the vine . SAMUEL that window that look out on the vine . they go into the house . Inside there be a cool , welcoming darkness . SAMUEL I 'il show you the house later . julieta I want to see mom . SAMUEL maybe you will be lucky and she 's awake . they walk along a hall , all the wall be whitewash . 70 . house in country . hall , door and SARA 's room . int . dusk . 1988 . spring . they go up to the door . Samuel take out a key and unlock the bedroom door . he conceal he action with he body but he know that julieta can hear the unmistakable sound of the lock turn . Samuel go inside , julieta remain in the hall with the child in she arm . from there she hear she father murmure : SAMUEL ( off ) Sara , julieta be here . as if it be the first time she 's hear that name . SARA ( off ) julieta ? SAMUEL ( off ) yes , julieta , we daughter . Sara repeat the last thing Samuel say in a neutral tone . SARA ( off ) we daughter . julieta be listen to the brief conversation ( petrify ) in the hall . when she come into the bedroom , with the child in she arm , she erase all worry from she face , she pretend that she 's hear nothing . 71 . julieta ( brightly ) hi , mom . we be here . she bend over to kiss Sara ( the woman be in bed , lie back on a pillow ) , still hold the child . Sara look at they from a vacuum . she do not recognize they . this break julieta 's heart but she pretend to be delighted . julieta be not you glad to see we ? look , this be antia . you do not recognize she because she 's get so big . Samuel be watch the scene . SAMUEL I have prepare the room across the hall for you . that way you be closer . julieta no . I prefer to stay here . I ’1l1 sleep with mom and antia can sleep on that little bed . in one corner there 's a little fold bed . SAMUEL I will tell sanda to change the sheet on the little bed . that 's where she sleep . house in the country . SARA 's bedroom . night . 1988 . spring . julieta be sleep in the bed with she mother . they be lie face each other with they eye close . the fold bed have be place on julieta 's side . the three generation be sleep very close to each other in parallel bed . Sara open she eye , wake and discover julieta in front of she , inch away . she be not scared or startle . she touch she face . the encounter in the same bed be a pleasant surprise . she murmur : SARA 72 . 73. julieta ! julieta open she eye slowly . despite the darkness she can see that she mother recognize she . there be life in Sara 's eye , the opposite to the opacity when they arrive . julieta Mom . SARA what be you do here ? julieta I have come to see you . I have bring antia . SARA who ? julieta antia , my daughter . julieta sit up and so do she mother . they both lean over and look down at antia 's little bed . the child be fast asleep . the two woman look at she , delighted . julieta look at she . SARA she 's beautiful ! julieta she 's two year old now . SARA two year ! she say it with the amazement of someone who be unaware of the measurement of time . house in the country . SARA 's room . another day . 1988 . spring . julieta be look out the window . house in the country . ext . day . 1988 . spring . 74 . she see Samuel and sanda work on the plot of land next to the house . they seem to complement each other , they look at ease and happy . Samuel say something and sanda laugh . the man can not contain himself and he give she a quick passionate kiss . sanda push he away gently and scold he without lose she smile . they do not suspect that julieta be look at they . house in the country . ext . day . cont . 1988 . spring . the vine be project patch of light on the white facade of the house . to complete the impressionist scene julieta , antia and Sara , the latter a little hesitant , appear at the door . julieta want she mother to get fresh air and some sun filter by the vine . julieta have put Sara in a dress from the ' 70 which look impeccable on she . she be also wear sunglass from that time ( twelve year earlier , when Sara be a coquettish woman and dress as such ) . julieta have put some make - up on she and style she hair a little . Sara look wonderful . the three generation sit at a table , under the vine . Samuel and sanda be still work the land . when Samuel realize that julieta have bring Sara outside he turn to they . everything in the scene be beautiful and breathes life : the countryside , the house , the sun , little antia , Samuel 's arousal and sweat , the beauty and youth of julieta and sanaa . even Sara , in she vegetative way , be radiant in she distance . Samuel have forget how pretty he wife be . sanda look at the family group as if she 's be catch out . Samuel break the impasse , speak to the child . SAMUEL come here , antia , I will give you some delicious strawberry ! julieta not now , dad . I have just dress she . be not you go to . say anything to mom ? with true admiration and surprise : SAMUEL you look beautiful , Sara . 75 . sanaa look at they , a little uncomfortable . she feel like a intruder . house in the country . kitchen . int . 1988 . spring . sanaa , she back turn , be heating some glass jar with preserve in the bain marie . julieta , in profile , be prepare the little girl 's supper . Samuel , with he back to the woman and face the camera , be sit at a round table peel some tomato . sanaa I have get all the jar ready . SAMUEL great . julieta dad , can I speak to you ? SAMUEL ( to sanaa ) sanaa , see to Sara and antia . sanda clean she hand before she leave . julieta do not waken antia . sanaa nod and go out . julieta sit down across from she father and help he peel tomato . julieta what do you do about mom when you go to the market ? SAMUEL one of we always stay with she . julieta when you come to collect I , you have leave she on she own , lock in she room . it 's a critical , painful comment , say in a half whisper . SAMUEL I do not like lock she in , julieta . I do it to protect she . julieta ( lament ) this be no life for mom . SAMUEL ( on the defensive ) julieta , we be as well as we can be . do you know what it would cost to put you mother in a home ? julieta I think you have hire a woman to look after she . SAMUEL sanda look after she . julieta sanda look after the land and you . SAMUEL ( warning she ) do not go there , julieta . julieta Mom need something more than just someone to wash she and make she bed . SAMUEL you have you life , unfortunately very far from here . I have try to bother you as little as possible , but we have have a lot of problem , and believe I if I tell you that now we be better than ever . julieta look at he with mix feeling . SAMUEL be more understanding and more generous with I . 76 . return to rede . xoan 's house . ext . day . 1988 . spring . 77 . three week later a taxi stop outside xoan 's house in rede . julieta and antia get out . the driver blow he horn , open the trunk and leave the brown suitcase and the backpack next to julieta . while marian and xoan be come out he take out the pushchair . marian the andalusian be here ! she kiss julieta and shower antia with hug and cuddle . she take some of the luggage . xoan join the group . he kiss both of they , the child and she mother , as best he can . he 's happy , smile from ear to ear . xoan I think you be not come back ! ( affectionate ) how be you ? julieta we be exhaust ! the journey be awful ! the two react to what the little girl do . xoan how be you mother ? julieta ( sad ) terrible . i’1l tell you later . they go into the house . the taxi disappear . cut . rede . xoan 's house . xoan - julieta 's room . night . cont . 1988 . spring . the room have change with regard to how it be three year ago . although they both share it , it be more feminine than masculine . they have change some of the furniture and the curtain . antia 's cot be next to the bed . julieta give a final touch to antia 's bed , the child be fast asleep . xoan undress , sit on the bed . they speak in whisper so as not to wake antia . julieta my father be have a affair with the girl who look after my mother . xoan and do you mother realize ? julieta my mother be waste away , the poor thing , lock in she room . julieta leave the child and turn to xoan . he have just take off he shirt , revealing he firm naked torso . julieta see that he have a new tattoo . she sit next to he . xoan have have a heart tattooe on he right shoulder . Inside it there be a delightful little boat and , print on the sail , the initial a and J. julieta read the tattoo , inquisitive . julieta aj ? do it mean antia and julieta ? julieta bring she lip close to the tattoo . xoan yes . be careful , it 's still tender . julieta press she lip on the tattooe heart . and then she kiss he . 78 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 '' floor . house 3 . 2016 . spring . julieta , at 56 , be stare at the notebook for antia . 79 . rede . xoan 's house . xoan - julieta 's room . int . night . cont . 1988 .spring . Little antia be sleep in she cot . a close - up of the child dissolves to the peaceful wave on the sea . 80 . sea . ext . day . 1994 . summer . 81 . the sea be reflect the white , blue and red of xoan 's gamela . Inside the little boat antia ( 8 year old ) be help she father pull the creel out of the water . she 's wear a yellow oilskin and be have a wonderful time fishing . over this image we hear julieta 's voiceover : julieta ( off ) I wonder if you be live inland or on the coast , and if you still like fishing . when you be eight , you be already go out with you father in the boat . you want to be a fisherman , like he . rede . xoan 's house . antia 's room . int . day . 1998 . summer . time have pass for all the character . julieta , at 38 , be in all she splendor . xoan , close to 50 , be start to show sign of weariness and he hair be grey . antia have grow , she be 12 now . julieta be comb antia 's hair in the girl 's room . on the wall there be a corkboard full of photo with she father and with she girlfriend and also some childish drawing . the window be casting a warm , intimate light on the scene . julieta love comb she daughter 's hair , but antia be in a bad mood and in a sign of protest have let all she hair fall over she face . she look like '' cousin itt '' from the addam family . she protest when she mother insist on comb she hair properly . julieta how can I let you go to camp look like '' cousin itt '' from the addam ! antia ( sulk , willful ) I want to go like this . julieta pull she hair back from she face as if it be a curtain from behind which the different feature of she face start to appear . she name they lovingly . julieta people have to see that you have a forehead , that you have eye , a nose , a mouth , ear ... antia interrupt she ill-humoredly . antia Mom , do not talk rubbish ! julieta ( scold she ) antia , you be go on vacation , you be go to enjoy yourself ! antia I do not want to go . I want to stay here ! julieta ( fed up ) well , the young lady can not always do what she want to do . xoan come into the bedroom . he go up to julieta and antia . the girl hug he tightly . julieta carry on comb she hair as if nothing have happen . xoan ( tenderly ) what 's wrong with my little girl ? antia I do not want to go , dad . now that I be on vacation I could go fishing with you every day . do not you say that you need help , that you be get old ? xoan adore he daughter . he caress she . xoan I promise that when you come back I will take you on as a deckhand , ok ? antia I 'il hold you to that . the mother break the embrace between antia and xoan to take the child away . 82 . julieta come on , you old sea dog . xoan have fun . julieta and antia disappear along the hall . rede . xoan 's house . entrance hall . int . day . 1998 . summer . marian be go grey , she 's fatter , but she be still full of the same energy . she be vacuume the dust in the entrance hall with a noisy vacuum cleaner . when she see antia and julieta come through the door she turn off the vacuum and greet the child with open arm . antia huddle in she arm . julieta be carry a little suitcase and she look impatiently at the scene . marian be you leave already , antia ? you ’1ll come and visit I at home when you get back , will not you ? antia wo not you be here ? marian no , love . I will not be here . Maria look reproachfully at julieta . this annoys julieta . all this year she dealing with marian have be full of this kind of indirect look and resentful silence . fortunately marian will be leave in a few day . marian but you have to promise you will come and see I . antia yes . I promise . antia do not break away from marian who cover she forehead with tender kiss . julieta watch the scene impatiently . and again she have to break antia 's embrace and pull she , something that obviously annoys she . julieta 83 . 84 . come on , let 's go . road to the meeting point . ext . day . 1998 . summer . Inside the car : julieta be drive the girl to a old bus station in a nearby town . antia be still sulk . antia why be marian leave ? julieta ( surprise ) her husband be . sick . she 's go to look after he . antia you be not throw she out ? julieta that 's silly ! of course not ! antia if you ask she to stay , I bet she would . julieta antia , people have a right to retire . the explanation do not convince the girl and annoys the mother . cut . meeting place . a former bus stop . ext . day . 1998 . summer . the meeting place be a unused bus stop . julieta do not know the other mother who be say goodbye to they child amidst a great rumpus . there be boy and girl . julieta accompany antia to the door of the bus . they hug . julieta be not as firm as she be at home or on the drive there . the girl realize how fragile she be and change she attitude . antia ( affectionately ) I be sorry if I be be mean . julieta smile at she and shake she head . julieta do not worry . call we as soon as you get there . antia ok . antia get into the bus with she little case . julieta look for she at the window . she say goodbye from outside . antia be look out one of the window and wave goodbye . julieta raise she right hand to she ear , indicate that she should call she . on the wall in the background there be several local poster , advertisement for concert in discotheque , the announcement of a demonstration in favor of the '' historical memory '' . '' non des of esquecemento '' say the poster . no to forget . 85 . rede . xoan 's house . sitting room . three day later . in the morning . 1998 . summer . julieta be look for some book on the top shelf of the bookcase , text book she use when she be teach . it seem that the little sit room be for she personal use . as well as the bookcase , there be a sideboard full of sargadelo ceramics , two picture , one of they with a mythological theme ( orpheus and eurydice be erasmus quellinus , a disciple of ruben ) . a couch , a armchair and a table with a maritime motif . next to the couch there be a telephone and on the wall opposite a medium size television of the time . marian take a look around the kitchen . then she walk slowly to the door of the little sit room . it sadden she to say goodbye to the house . more amiable than usual : marian do you want I to fix you something for dinner before I leave ? from the exchange of look when antia say goodbye to marian , julieta be long for the servant to leave . she answer she politely but coldly . julieta you need not bother . iné should be here soon . marian be expect a warmer farewell but julieta continue with what she 's do , not pay she much attention . marian if you can not find anything , call I at home . julieta thank you . julieta be still absorb look for a book that she can not find . marian look nostalgically along the hall . as marian do not move from the door julieta turn to she and see that she 's wear a black sweatshirt that belong to xoan . marian well , I 'il be go . julieta be you wear xoan 's sweatshirt ? marian feel insulted and glare at julieta . hurt and categorical : marian xoan give it to I a while ago ! I be not take anything that be not mine ! despite she abrasiveness , julieta do not notice the change of expression in marian 's dissimilar eye . marian be you serious about give private class ? julieta yes . marian I think you be make a mistake . 86 . 87 . julieta be amaze by the presumptuous comment and be about to say to she '' it 's none of you business '' , but she restrain herself . she do not want to say goodbye to marian with the confrontation which both have manage to avoid for year . julieta I do not want to be just a housewife , marian . I have a profession that I like and I have want to go back to it for some time . marian ( declare ) a woman 's profession be she family . if you want to keep it united it 's best to stay at home . marian no longer hide she fury at julieta , she have nothing to lose now . julieta ( dryly ) that 's my business ! marian ( murmuring ) if you go , the same old thing will happen . julieta glare at she . julieta what do you mean ? what same old thing ? marian look at she , defiantly , and go to speak . cut. rede . xoan 's house . ext . morning . 1998 . summer . marian come out of xoan and julieta 's house . there be some cloud but the sun be shine . on the estuary , several gamelas be rock at they mooring . marian look sullenly at the facade of the house . rede . xoan 's house . antia 's room . cont . 88. 89 . 1998 . summer . xoan be weaving a hexagonal creel for antia . julieta come in , sad and tense . xoan have marian leave ? julieta ( serious ) yes . the new woman be due to arrive . I hope she 's more discreet . xoan why do you say that ? julieta when I come thirteen year ago , marian tell I not to wait for you , you be spend the night with ava . just now , when she be say goodbye , she say something similar , that when I go with antia to see my parent , ten year ago , you spend the night with ava again ... the ringing of the doorbell interrupt xoan 's silence . julieta go out to see who it be . xoan imagine that some day they have have to talk about this . rede . xoan 's house . cont . 1998 . summer . iné be wait at the door . she 's the young woman who 's go to replace marian . she introduce herself . julieta tell she to come back the next day . julieta marian do everything before she leave . ( in more than one sense , julieta think ) iné say goodbye until the next day . she realize that she have not come at a good time . rede . xoan 's house . cont . 1998 . summer . xoan come into the hall , he see julieta say goodbye to iné . julieta be angry and = deeply disappointed . xoan I have know ava since I be fifteen . we be never together but we screw from time to time . julieta look at he in silence . she pick up the book she be look for in the last sequence with marian . then she go to the kitchen . xoan follow she like a guide dog . xoan I often think about tell you , but I do not know how . julieta look at he again . she take a purse from a chair . xoan I be not much of a talker , you will have realize that . but antia and you be the most important thing in my life , you know that , do not you ? julieta go into the hall , turn she back on he , take a light jacket and put it on . she hang the purse over she shoulder . xoan be not you go to say anything ? julieta no . xoan what be you go to do ? julieta I be go for a walk and to prepare my class . xoan ( bewildere ) I .. I think I 'il go fishing . 90 . 91 . 92 . 93. he have decide to stay at home , but after talk to julieta he prefer to go out fishing . before go to the door , julieta turn to he . xoan be look at she concerned . now that the subject have blow up he have like to talk it out and he have like she to do the same , to insult he , if she want , anything but that toxic silence . but julieta can not bear xoan 's 's plead expression . rede . xoan 's house . ext . 1998 . summer . julieta come out of the house . it 's a heavy , changeable day , with cloud and sun . we can see xoan 's gamela in the distance , rock on a slightly choppy sea . a lovely day . rede . that same day , in the afternoon . 1998 . summer . mid-afternoon the weather change . it start to rain heavily . the storm break . ( detail with image of the atmospheric process , what happen in the sky and on the sea . ) the sky darken , the sea get rough . lightn , thunder , etc . rede . xoan 's house . ext . that same day . later . 1998 . summer . julieta arrive home in a taxi . it 's pour rain and the wind be blow hard . it 's dusk . xoan 's gamela can not be see , the roaring of the sea be deafen . ( image of the rough sea at the muxia lighthouse . enormous wave crash onto the beach of break stone ) rede . xoan 's house . int . early evening . cont . 1998 . summer . julieta come into the house , soak . once she have shower , dry herself and change she clothes , she be fill by a feel of extreme loneliness . 94 . 95 . 96 . she walk past the door of antia 's room . she look inside , she see she daughter 's bed , the poster on the wall . she miss she dreadfully . finally she look at the unfinish creel that xoan be make and that he leave on antia 's desk . julieta come into the kitchen in a housecoat . through the window she see the sea , still very rough , but less so than when we see it at muxia Beach . to fill the time she start to prepare dinner , very meticulously dinner for two . she pour herself a glass of vinho verde to cheer herself up . she want xoan to come back . she regret not have let he talk . rede . xoan 's house . a little later / night . 1998 . summer . dinner be sit on the hot plate . julieta have another glass of wine and light a cigarette . she have the radio tune to the local station , they be talk about the storm that have suddenly hit the area . '' , .a sudden change in the direction and force of wind in the area of the ferrol estuary . this change be cause heavy seas with wave from 20 to 25 foot ... all fishing and sailing activity should be suspend in this area ... '' naturally she think about xoan and be worried . do he go out fishing as she think she hear he say before she leave the house ? be he with ava ? the best way to find out would be to call she , but for the moment she reject the idea . rede . xoan 's house . sitting room . night . rede . ava 's studio . 1998 . summer . julieta be wait in the sit room , in front of the television . the evening news be talk about a probe that Japan have send to Mars . it 's 11:00 p.m. , xoan still have not return and julieta be desperate . she think he 's with ava , but she need to be sure . after many doubt , she dial ava 's number . the artist be in she studio , busy on one of she sculpture . the phone ring . she answer . 97 . 98 . 99 . julieta ava , I be sorry to call you .. I just want to know if xoan be with you . ava xoan ? no. julieta do you have any idea where he might be ? ava have not he come back yet ? julieta no . ava ( uneasy ) do he go fishing ? julieta I hope not .. look at the storm ! wait , they be say something on television . ( cont . ) television studio . 1998 . summer . news reader '' maritime Safety have report the sink of a gabela three mile north of the mouth of the ferrol estuary . its occupant have not yet be locate and there be serious fear for he safety give the condition at sea . a pleasure boat with a crew of three be in the same situation . Rough seas with wave of over 20 foot have impede any rescue attempt by Civil Protection .. as soon as it dawns and condition at sea improve ... '' julieta be listen to the television , the phone still at she ear . rede . xoan 's house . night . cont . rede . ava 's studio . cont . 1998 . summer . 100 . 101 . the two woman be silent , horrify . ava have hear the television report over the phone . cut . build fishermen 's guild . two day later . ext . day . 1998 . summer . it be a two -story building with a narrow tower top by a clock that be break , a piece be miss from the face . time have be break , rather than stop . the sequence begin with a close - up of the break clock , a downward crane shot show we a police four - wheel drive arrive . a officer and julieta be in it . the car stop at the front door of the building . build fishermen 's guild . int . day . 1998 . summer . julieta and the police officer come into a open , informal area where piece of fishing gear have be leave pile up against the wall . julieta be wear large dark glass and have a black scarf on she head . there be two people there , a judge and a seaman in work clothes who be try to tidy thing up a bit . there be creel , enormous blue and red marker buoy , several wine color net , etc . and in the middle of the room , a long , very old metal table ( use for clean and sorting fish ) with a open at one end for drainage . a blanket have be spread on the table . on top of the blanket be a body cover from head to toe by a sheet . the sheet be cling to the body and describe precisely its orography . the body be not complete , we can make out that one of the leg be miss . the judge introduce himself to julieta . judge I be judge vicente louro . before the body can be remove I need you to identify it . juliet nod very slightly . she look silently at the orography of the body through the sheet , a landscape 102 . 103 . 104 . cover by the cloth that fall into emptiness at the area of the leg . judge I be sorry to have to put you through this . the storm be so fierce that the body be not complete . julieta seem doped , she still do not speak . she wait . the judge pull the sheet back as far as the corpse 's chest . julieta look as if she be staggering , as if she might collapse on the floor , but she remain rigid . she focus on one of the shoulder . build fishermen 's guild . int . day . 1998 . summer . although the skin be badly erode , julieta can recognize she and antia 's initial over the little boat inside a heart , tattooe on the corpse 's shoulder . ( in a extreme close - up she hand slide along the erode skin on the shoulder until it touch the tattoo ) . cut . muxia lighthouse . ext . afternoon . 1998 . summer . the wave be break against a cliff at the beach by muxia lighthouse . more than ever , the enormous rock seem to have be injure by the storm and the wind . beach muxia lighthouse . ext . day . cont . 1998 . summer . a car arrive at the last stretch to which there be access , near the cliff . ava and julieta get out . julieta be carry a urn with xoan 's ash . the two widow go to entrust to the sea what this have already take from they . there be a dense light . the place have a fierce vitality . the wave be break and multiply against the cliff . there be a natural dialog between the passion of the sea and the passive resistance of the rock . juliet empty xoan 's ash 105 . 106 . 107 . day . into the sea . a wave , like a tongue , scoops up the ash forcefully , as if it be a offer from julieta which the goddess of the sea be accept with pleasure . rede . xoan 's house . int . day . 1998 . summer . julieta and ava come into the house , they skin and hair still damp . they have just close the door when the house phone ring . julieta be paralyze , as if it be a call from the beyond . ava wait , I will get it . julieta go into the kitchen , but she 's stop by ava ' 's voice . ava it 's Bea 's mother . she want to talk to you . ava have answer the phone in the sit room . julieta look at she , confuse . julieta Bea ? who 's Bea ? ava ( she quote ) a friend of antia 's from camp . julieta do not feel she have the strength but she can not refuse . she go into the sit room and make a enormous effort so that she voice should not betray what she be go through . xoan 's house . int . day . ( close - up of antia and bea 's mother at the camp . ext . 1998 . summer . she take the receiver and sit in a armchair . julieta antia ? the camp : a log building in the middle of the wood . Bea 's mother be sit between antia and Bea . in the time the conversation last the two girl exchange know , radiant glance . other girl will walk past occasionally . antia Mom , it 's I . heck ! what 's wrong with you cell ? we have be call you load of time and you never pick up ! julieta ( disorient ) I do not know ... I must not have hear it . how be you , darling ? antia I be great ... julieta ( interrupt she , not think clearly ) I will go and get you tomorrow , with ava , eh ? ( she look at ava ) . we will leave early so you do not have to wait . antia you do not have to , mom .. I be here with my friend Bea . I meet she here and we be really good friend . can I go to Madrid to spend a week with she family ? you do not mind , do you ? oh , say yes , please ! julieta , overwhelm and confuse , say , to say something : julieta but ... we do not know they . antia she 's my friend , mom . i’1l put you on to she mother and she can tell you ... julieta look at ava , confuse , seek help . Claudia , Bea 's mother , be a woman between 40 and 45 , a little plump and overflow with optimism and friendliness . she speak to julieta as if she already know she . 108 109 . bea 's mother hello , I be Claudia , beatriz 's mother . julieta how 's my daughter ? bea 's mother she 's fine , wonderful . I do not know she before , but I think camp have be really good for she . I want to ask you permission to take she to Madrid with we . antia and my daughter have become close and they be really pester I about this , to be honest . julieta but ... do not the camp end tomorrow ? bea 's mother yes . I come here early and I want to take they with I this afternoon . what do you think ? julieta well , if she 's look forward to it . . madrid . beatriz 's parent 's house . ext . day . 1998 . summer . a taxi stop in front of the house . julieta get out . madrid . beatriz 's parent 's house . int . day . 1998 . summer . a fine bourgeois house , belong to a well - off family . modern , with style , light - color furniture , expensive and comfortable . lot of photo of family and friend , good frame , work of art , etc . Claudia , Bea 's mother , come out to meet she , look serious . we hear the shout of antia , beatriz and she older brother , play at the back of the house , a real din . ( the girl be twelve and the brother be sixteen ) ( in this block of sequence , julieta be under the effect of tranquilizers , this can be see in she lack of reflex , slowness , etc . ) the two woman greet each other . bea 's mother ( justify the noise ) they 's be play at the back . I do not tell they anything . julieta ( nodding slightly ) antia do not think it odd that I have come so soon ? bea 's mother she 's angry because she think you have come to take she away . she call xoan , but he do not answer , obviously . julieta accept that she can not postpone the conversation with she daughter any longer . julieta where should I tell she ? Claudia point to a large , comfortable , beige couch in a corner fill with family photo , sculpture and large coffee table book . on the wall , above the couch , there be a painting by Richard serra , the surface of which be dominate by the color black , large brushstroke of texture black . although the sit room be full of detail and volume , Richard serra 's painting completely take over the space . bea 's mother you will have more privacy in the sit room . would you like anything to drink ? julieta I do not know ... Bea 's mother go off to get antia . cut. 110 . madrid . beatriz 's parent 's house . cont . 1998 . summer . julieta be sit wait for she in the center of the couch under Richard serra 's enormous black brushstroke . antia burst in , hot from play and have come run . mother and daughter embrace . julieta hold she tightly . antia immediately pull away . julieta find she daughter more suntan and full of life . antia Mom , heck ! I tell you to let I stay a few more day ! ( begging ) do not look like that , we be on vacation ! how 's dad ? he 's get such a nerve ! he 's ignore I ... julieta I have to tell you something , love . they sit down . julieta two day after you leave , there be a storm . you father 's boat and two other boat disappear . no one survive . antia and dad ? julieta no . antia ( stun ) dad ... be dead ! ? julieta yes . antia it 's not true ! it 's not true ! antia burst into tear . she can not accept that she father be dead . julieta hug she , try to unite she grief with she daughter 's , but antia reject she when she hear Bea come in . ( Bea have hear the scream and appear in the doorway of the sit room . ) antia break out she mother 's embrace and take refuge in Bea 's arm . the two adolescent cry together . from a distance antia ask julieta : 111 . int . antia why do he go out fishing if there be a storm ? julieta the storm break in the afternoon and you father go out in the morning . antia keep cry on beatriz 's shoulder . julieta look at the two adolescent and feel very alone on the couch , under the recalcitrant black of Richard serra 's painting . cut . madrid . beatriz 's parent 's house . spacious kitchen . day . 1998 . summer . in the large family kitchen , the two mother be sit at a round table , talk and have some infusion . beatriz 's mother apologize for bring up a practical matter under such painful circumstance . julieta be hold a cup of tea , but she 's shaking so much she 's afraid she ’1ll spill it and she leave it on the table . she seem more defenseless after have give the news to she daughter , and she be too confuse to take decision . everything overwhelm she . in the large kitchen , tata Rosa be cooking , with she back to they . bea 's mother I be sorry to have to talk to you about this , but my husband and I have plan a trip to patagonia and now Bea do not want to come . she want to stay here with antia , in the house ... julieta oh , yes ? bea 's mother obviously they can not stay on they own . julieta no , of course not ... 112. 113 . bea 's mother I be think ... why do not you stay with they ? we son be come with we . julieta here ? bea 's mother yes , the two girl and you . after what 's happen , it will do you good to rest . and antia will be more distract in Madrid . julieta ( stammer ) well ... julieta let Bea 's mother decide for she . bea 's mother tata Rosa will take care of everything . you can go out for walk , go to the movie , rest ... julieta but I have not bring any clothes ... bea 's mother you can use mine , I have raincoat , blouse that be tight on I now and would look much better on you . you can try on whatever you like . julieta look at she , stunne . madrid . street of madrid . ext . day . 1998 . early september . julieta be walk with Bea and antia through the Plaza de alonso martinez , the same place ( film with the same lens ) where we have see she walk in 2016 . Bea 's mother 's clothes fit she perfectly and be not that of someone who be in deep mourn . the two adolescent be talk animatedly with each other , julieta never intervene , she 's walk like a robot , with a lose expression . madrid . OPEN AIR basketball court . ext . day . 114 . 115 . 1998 . september . it 's the same open air basketball court from seq . 157 in 2016 . julieta be sit on the same bench watch the two girl play basketball . at least antia seem integrate and enthusiastic about she new life . julieta look at they absently although this scene ( the girl happily play basketball ) will be engrave on she memory . julieta ( off ) thing happen without my participation , one thing foretelling the next . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . the build where house 1 house 3 be . 1998 . september . julieta go into the super 's office which we already know , along with the two girl . inocencio attend to they , eighteen year young , but just as helpful and charming . antia we have come to see a apartment that 's for rent . inocencio yes . just a minute . ( he get the key ) follow I . Bea . antia and julieta climb the wooden staircase after he . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ° floor . house 1 . int . 1998 . september . we see they advance ( towards camera ) through a long hall that lead to the main room , which be very large with three window look out on the street . the girl be hold hand . the wallpaper in the room have slightly jarring , figurative motif . there be very little furniture , just enough . a large couch , table . it 's a place that someone have just leave . julieta look apprehensively at the wallpaper . julieta 116 . ( in a faint voice ) the wallpaper be a bit overwhelming . beatriz no , it 's cool . antia if we get bored we will paint it . ( to the superintendent ) we ’1ll take it . beatriz this way , we be very close . the girl go over to the window , they open it wide and the sound from the street fill the room with life . julieta follow they but do not have the strength to accompany they to the window and share they enthusiasm . she fall on the couch and lay she head on the back . ( the plan be identical to seq. 8 , when julieta walk along the corridor with inocencio and arrive in the sit room and see the three window . it 's important to give the idea of repetition , as previously on the basketball court and walk through alonso martinez . ) julieta ( off ) Bea and you find a apartment near where she live ... you make I rent it .. by then I be exhaust ... but you be strong as a rock . you have suddenly grow up ... rede . xoan 's house . entrance . int . night . 1998 . september . antia and ava come into xoan 's house . ( they open the door with a key ) antia go straight to she room and find the little hexagonal creel that she father have be make for she and have leave unfinish . it be just as he have leave it . it 's like a relic . the live trace of xoan . julieta ( off ) you go back to rede with ava , to close the house and put it up for sale . Bea look after I in Madrid . 117 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . 3 °° floor . house 1 . sitting room . int . dusk or night 1998 . september . julieta , in she dress gown , be watch television with Bea / adolescent . a program of no interest . Bea be engross in a fashion magazine . 118 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 °° floor . house 1 . 1998 . fall . julieta ( off ) when you come back , we do not talk much about you trip . you do not want to make I sad and I do not have the strength to ask you . they have just bath she . julieta be still in the bath tub , as if strand , incapable of get out on she own . antia be in charge of the operation , order she mother and Bea with authority . Bea obey with the best of intention , but it 's obvious she 's not very use to the task . however it seem as if antia have be look after useless woman all she life . she exude energy . between they , the two girl grasp julieta under she arm and lift she up . antia ( to julieta ) we be go to put you on you foot . take care you do not slip . Bea , help I on the other side . the two girl manage to get she on she foot . julieta get out of the bathtub . her hair be cover half of she face . she do not move , she lean on she daughter . antia ( to julieta ) hold on tight to I . Bea , hand I the big towel . bea ( she doubt between several towel ) this one ? 119 . antia come on , the biggest one . we have to dry she . bea all right . she hand she the towel and they cover she shoulder . cut . envelop in different color towel , julieta remain seat on a chair , stare blankly into the bathroom mirror . Bea give antia a brown towel with which she cover she mother 's head . julieta 's face disappear under the towel . antia rub she hair well to dry it . she say to Bea : antia rub she back well , that 's 1ll warm she up . I do not want she to catch cold . the two girl work hard together on the operation ; . antia smile fondly at Bea over she mother 's head and thanks she for she help . look at the image of the three in the mirror , antia finish rub she mother 's head which be completely cover by the towel . antia ( to julieta ) now t’/ il finish drying you with the hair dryer . she delicately remove the towel from she head and what emerge be the face of the new actress who from now on and until the end will play julieta , the same actress we have see at the beginning of the story , in 2016 . this scene be set in 1998 or 1999 . fade to black . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ° floor . house 1 . a year several month later . 2000 . spring . a year and several month later , julieta be totally reestablish . the apartment look exactly the same as when they rent it , except for the wall in the entrance hall . the baroque paper have be replace by a bluish - grey color that increase the brightness of the hall . the sit room have yet to be paint and also the corridor that link the entrance with the sit room . julieta have take charge of the painting motu proprio . she be dress for the job and have she hair tie up . can of paint , brushes , the floor cover with papers , the furniture we can see be cover . there be a few new piece and some that we see in the house in rede . antia come in from school . she find she mother up a ladder . antia have grow . she be a dynamic , strong - will adolescent , who easily dominate she mother . antia if you want we to eat something together , hurry up . I be meeting Bea later to study at she house . julieta come down the ladder obediently and accompany antia to the kitchen . julieta do you like how it 's turn out ? I think I be go to start on the sit room tomorrow . antia you need not bother , mom . I have get use to it and Bea love it . in the kitchen . julieta Bea have a beautiful , vanilla color house and she do not have to live here . shall I fix you a sandwich ? antia ok , but hurry . 120 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . 3 ™° floor . house 1 . sitting room . 2000 . summer . julieta ( off ) I get over my depression with you help and I find a job I could do 121 . 122 . at home , proofreading for a publisher . I devote the rest of my time to you , I do not need anything else . julieta proofreading until late into the night . on she desk she have a thick pile of printing proofs . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ™° floor . house 1 . int . day . 2003 . summer . julieta ( off ) four year later , when Bea go to the U.S. , you choose a spiritual retreat in the Pyrenees . a retreat that would last three month , until you come back to start university ! antia , now 18 , be pack a little case in she room . on the wall we see some picture that appear in the house in rede , painting that have to do with the sea . stuck on the wall be photo of Joan jett , chavela vargas , basketball team and several photo with she friend Bea in different period . a regulation basketball ball , the little hexagonal creel that she father leave unfinish .. her father be very present in the room , she father and Bea . julieta ( off ) I be horrify at be separate from you , but you have go out very little in the last year , you be always busy look after I or study . I have no right to say no . and , also , you be a adult . julieta be prepare some food . she be sad at be separate from antia . julieta be 44 and antia be 18 . they be still live in 19 , Fernando VI , 3 ** floor , and where , thirteen year later , on the 2 ° floor , julieta will write to she daughter all that we be hearing in voiceover . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ™° floor . house 1 . int . day . 2003 . summer . julieta and antia be silent in the kitchen after eat . the entry phone ring . antia , dress as in the previous sequence , in comfortable clothes for the journey , answer . antia yes ? that 's right . i’1ll be down now . ( to julieta ) it 's the taxi . it 's downstairs . julieta look at she regretfully . antia go to she room , follow by she mother . she add the last item to she case . her mother try to help but antia refuse she help delicately . antia leave it , I can do it . julieta stand there look at she , she feel totally useless . julieta well , take good care of yourself and have fun . antia smile , as if the idea of have fun seem out of place . antia ( fondly ) you take care too . and do not worry if I do not call or write much . she put she case on the floor and drag it out of the bedroom . julieta follow she until she stop two step from the door out to the landing . julieta ( alarm ) be you go to be incommunicado ? antia Mom , it 's a retreat . so it 's important to disconnect , be not it ? julieta what if I get ill ? antia do not blackmail I , please ! 123. 124 . julieta of course not , darling . I have get work and as_ well I want to organize my note . I might start turn they into a book . i’1l be busy . antia that 's great . julieta pull herself together , she do not want to burden she daughter . it 's the best way of thanking she for she devotion during the last six year . they hug . julieta ( begging ) let I go with you to the station . antia ( gently ) remember you do not like goodby . they exchange a last kiss . antia break free of the embrace . antia well , goodbye . julieta hold back she tear . she watch she daughter go out through the door and close it after she . she stand in the hallway . say goodbye to antia remind she of two other goodby , that of the sad , suicidal man in the compartment of the train , and that of xoan , in the hallway of they house in _ rede . two plead expression that be engrave indelibly on she memory after all this year . julieta 's train compartment . int . night . 1985 . winter . flashback to the train : julieta leave she compartment while the sad man look at she with a depressed expression . rede . xoan 's house . ext . in the morning . 1998 . summer . 125 . int 126 . 127 . flashback to xoan 's house . the fisherman watch she walk towards the door , after tell he she 's go for a walk . the two man , so different , seem equally helpless . as helpless as she be now , watch antia disappear through the door without look back . back to 122 . julieta walk slowly into the house , crush by the weight of the three goodby . general landscape of the pyrenee and tunnel . ./ ext . 2003 . fall . three month later . a vast radiant landscape in the aragonese Pyrenees . like a dark grey vein , the road cut through the leafy valley . on the road , a car , drive by julieta . the car disappear immediately , swallow by one of the tunnel . julieta , immerse in the darkness inside the car , switch on a little pilot light , take a piece of paper and place it next to the steering wheel . it 's a map of the area draw by she daughter . on the passenger seat there be a michelin guide and a bag with food and drink . it 's a long trip and she be not use to drive for so many hour . she look tired and nervous . pyrenee . turn -off . stony dirt track . ext . 2003 . fall . she take a narrow dirt track , riddled with large pothole and stone of all size . it 's a track erode by the last winter snow . julieta be drive a rental vehicle , with very bad suspension . the car lurch along the path , and although juliet slow down she be constantly jolted around inside the car . the surroundings be spectacular , but the damn track be hell . the map show a flat open space . the car arrive there . at the end of a impassible track she can make out a isolate stone house . pyrenee . isolated stone house . ext . day . 2003 . fall . julieta stop the car . she get out with antia 's map in she hand . the stone house , which look impregnable , have a fence that run around a lush green meadow . in the middle of the meadow there be two bench next to a table , all make of wood and very rudimentary . really they be just three wooden plank on which you can sit and rest you elbow . the house be the only visible construction in the middle of nature . julieta see a woman , liliana , who come up to she . liliana be dress neutrally , tend towards the masculine , and speak with a accent from some country in Eastern Europe . she greet she . julieta I be antia feij6oo 's mother . she show she the map . liliana do not need to look at it . julieta I arrange to pick she up today . liliana follow I . julieta follow she . Close by there 's a tractor and in the distance two cow . nature be exuberant there , wherever you look . julieta what a magnificent place ! and it could not be more isolate . they arrive in silence at the door of the house . liliana go in and immediately a woman come out dress in a knitted sweater and jeans . casual hairstyle , she face free of make -up . she greet julieta with a hospitable smile . juana julieta arco ? julieta yes . I be antia 's mother . they shake hand . juana I be juana . juana gesture towards the basic table and bench in the meadow , with the vast slope of a pine - cover mountain in the background . juana I have ask liliana to serve we some tea out here . julieta what a wonderful place ! 128 . pyrenee . isolated stone house . ext . day . 2003 . fall . they sit down across from each other at the wooden table . juliet look at juana , politely impatient . julieta do antia know I be here ? juana yes . liliana arrive with a tray and two cup . juana take she cup . julieta leave she dark glass on the table along with the map she daughter send she . julieta I can not wait to see she . this three month without she have be so long . juana of course . julieta take she cup . juana 's calm and coldness intimidate she . julieta I realize you have you reason , but the lack of communication all this time have be very difficult . juana take a sip from she cup . julieta will I have to wait very long ? juana julieta , the fact be , antia be not here . julieta ( disconcert , she look around ) be not this the house ? she show she the map . julieta I follow the direction on the map ! juana yes , this be the house . when antia write to you she think she have be here , but in the end she decide to leave . julieta ( complain ) she could have let I know ! I have drive here from Madrid . juana I know . julieta do not hide she annoyance . julieta and where do she go ? I hope it 's near here ! juana ( she drink , take she time ) I can not tell you . julieta think she have misunderstand she . julieta what ?! with the same serenity and leave no room for doubt . juana I can not tell you where she be . I be sorry . julieta do not understand the situation . disconcert : julieta ( reproachfully ) you mean you do not know ? you be in charge here ! juana I have be lie if I say no . antia ask I not to tell you . julieta ( incredulous ) this be ridiculous ! be you insinuate that my daughter do not want to see I ? juana look , julieta . antia have choose she own path and you be not part of it . I understand that for a mother that must be painful , but she beg you to accept it . 129 . pyrenee . isolated stone house . ext . day . cont . 2003 . fall . julieta could start shouting . she do not , she murmur nervously . julieta I think I be go to call the police . juana do as you wish , but it would be best if you start to accept reality . I understand that this be not easy ... julieta what do you do to my daughter in this three month ?! juana we help she . you daughter arrive here in a state of extreme need . julieta get work up . julieta need ?! of what ?! she 's never want for anything ! 130 . juana nevertheless she feel unhappy . here she discover very that she life be lack a.. spiritual dimension . julieta what do you mean ? juana I understand that you daughter do not grow up in a home base on faith . and she find that here julieta ( beside herself ) I want she to tell I that herself ! where be she ? juana I can not tell you . julieta be grip by panic . at no the impression that juana be lie , same tone of moral superiority and c juana point do she get or bluff . in the ondescension . what matter be that antia be better than ever and she 's happy . if you stop think about yourself for a moment and think about she you should be happy . julieta ( suffer ) you can not tell that ! juana do not despair . perhaps she decide to get in touch with but give she time . cut . I will you , in the darkness of the tunnel in the pyrenee , in the opposite direction . 2003 . fall Shots inside juliet 's car as , half - craze , she go back to Madrid . the month of search be reflect in she wild - eye expression as she drive under the vault of a endless tunnel . julieta ( off ) I report you disappearance to the police , I hire a_ private detective . for the first month I do nothing but look for you every way I could . the only thing I discover be how little I know you . 131 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ™° floor . house 1 . int . day . 2004 . fall . julieta put a cake in the middle of the dining room table . a perfectly round cake , a explosive red color . she stick two wax number in the center of the cake , a 1 anda 9 . nineteen . julieta ( off ) on you 19th birthday , I buy you a cake . she hear the doorbell . julieta answer immediately . a mail man have bring a register letter . she have to sign for it . the address be hand - write and julieta recognize the write . it 's she daughter antia 's . her heart leap . there 's no return address . as_ she close the door she be already tear open the envelope . all she find inside be a birthday card . it 's a neutral impersonal card . it have a little pop - up vase of flower and the word '' happy birthday '' . there be nothing hand write . not even a signature . nothing . she inspect the stamp , but she do not find any clue there . in the kitchen she take the cake and , furious , throw it in the garbage . julieta ( off ) I guess that , with that brutally impersonal card , you want to let I know that you be all right . fade to black . 132 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ™° floor . house 1 . sitting room . int . 133 . SAMUEL 's house in the country . ext . 2004 . fall . julieta be at she computer , in the sit room . almost the entire screen be fill with the photo of a boy , 6 or 7 year old , dark and beautiful . julieta be look at he closely . there be a write message at the top of the screen . a message from Samuel , she father . her cell phone ring , she have it next to she . she can see who be call , it 's she father . she hesitates up to the last minute before answer it . in the andalusian house Samuel be sit on a chair select potato from a basin . in the background sanda be gather clothes that have be hang to dry in the sun , and beside he , sit on the ground , be he seven year old son play with piece of Lego . ( Samuel have less hair and he beard be very white . sanda however look wonderful . it 's be 16 year since we see she for the first time , accompany the father when they collect julieta and she little girl from the bus stop . ) julieta hello , dad . SAMUEL ( off ) hello , julieta . do you see the photo I send you ? julieta I be look at it now . SAMUEL you see how handsome you brother be ! the child take a break from he Lego building to look at he father . julieta ( to comply ) yes ... he 's very handsome . sanda appear and sit next to Samuel , listen carefully to the phone conversation . SAMUEL when be you go to come and meet he ? julieta I can not right now , dad . I tell you , I be really busy . I be sorry , but I have to go now . I x11 call you , ok ? SAMUEL stop punish I , julieta . have I no right to be happy after you mother 's death ? julieta I have rather not talk about mom 's death . SAMUEL remember that you be still my daughter , and antia be my granddaughter . the last time I see she she be still a child . give she lot of kiss when you see she . julieta I will do that . kiss to all of you too . fade to black . 134 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ™° floor . house 1 . antia 's birthday . day and night . 2005 . fall . julieta finish put a birthday cake in the center of the table in the sit room . it have two candle one the number 2 and the other a 0 . she sit down to wait . she drink white wine while she wait . the light come through the window gradually change until night fall . she have get dress , put on make - up and fix she hair for the wait . 135 . 136 . at night , when it be impossible for any card to arrive , like the year before , she take the cake and throw it in the garbage can in the kitchen . julieta ( off ) for the first three year , I buy you a cake on you birthday . I be consol by the idea of celebrate the arrival of a card from you , and at least see you handwrite on the address . I do not expect more , but even that be expect too much . the first three year , throw a cake in the garbage to celebrate you birthday become a tradition . cut. madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 " floor . house 1 . night . 2006 . fall . after throw out the third cake , the one for the 21° * birthday , julieta explode into a uncontrollable catharsis , and continue throw thing on the floor . she 's beside herself . she go into antia 's room . she open closet and drawer and destroy all she belonging . she rip up all the photo , the one store in a drawer and the one in frame . ( the tear - up photo that be keep in a blue Christmas card - size envelope and then stick back together be in a frame on the bedside table ) . she take the ball and throw it out the window into the inner patio . she break or rip everything she find to hand . she only respects the memento of xoan . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ™° floor . julieta 's house 1. super 's office . int . 2006 . fall . julieta bring down a full bag , perhaps a suitcase . she be wear dark glass . behind she , or in front , two man come down with large black garbage bag , full of rip up item and clothes . inocencio greet to she , a little intimidate . 137 . 138 . 139 . julieta inocencio , I be give up the apartment . I be leave Spain . inocencio oh , when be you give it up ? julieta as soon as possible ! within a week . I apologize for the commotion last night . inocencio the tenant below you have complain ... julieta he will not have to put up with I any longer . Goodbye . and she go out . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ° floor . house 1. 2006 . fall . the two man we see in the previous sequence put the black plastic bag into a truck park at the front door of the building . julieta ( off ) I look for a area of Madrid that you have never set foot in . I want to live in a place where there be no trace of you , so that nothing would remind I of you . madrid . facade of build . ext . day . 2006 . fall . the facade of a building far from the city center , a anonymous , ugly street , with nothing attractive or characteristic . julieta go into the building with a wheeled suitcase . madrid . julieta 's house 2 . int . 2006-2007 . fall . 140 . 141 . 142 . the interior of a impersonal apartment , decorate so that anyone could live there . Functional and anonymous . julieta put a photo of she with she parent on a shelf , another with xoan and another with ava . there be only the most essential furniture and the wall be paint white without a single adornment . it 's the same place where we see she at the beginning , in 2015 , with Lorenzo , but with fewer thing . a aseptic , impersonal place with no trace of antia . this house be the denial of the house in which she live with antia . cut . facade ava 's clinic . ext . day . 2006-2007 . julieta go into the clinic , we do not see its name . she 's carry a bunch of flower . lobby of clinic . 2006-2007 . julieta be wait for the elevator . she 's distract . Lorenzo gentile come out of the elevator . he look at she quite openly . julieta be still a attractive woman . she reject Lorenzo 's frank stare and look at the back of the elevator towards which she 's walk . avoid he eye mean she almost bump into he . Lorenzo apologize , although it 's she fault . Lorenzo stand outside watch julieta disappear into the elevator . cut . ava 's room , clinic . int . day . 2006-2007 . julieta come into ava 's room . the sculptress have age , naturally , but she be still a very pretty woman despite she grey hair and the wrinkle . she 's very weak , but she still maintain she self - assurance . julieta leave the flower on the bed and kiss ava who be sit in a hospital armchair . we suppose that they have already see each other and talk of they mutual problem on other occasion . julieta how be you , sweetheart ? ava well ... the last flare - up immobilize all my leave side .. how be you get on in the new apartment ? julieta ( with no enthusiasm ) better , it 's like I be live in another city . julieta go over to the only table to put the flower in a vase . ava they be beautiful . julieta see the cover of a book that be next to the vase . the book be title '' adip , volcan '' ( Lorenzo gentile be the author ) and the illustration on the cover be one of the '' seat man '' sculpt by ava . ava I have get a present for you too , it 's in the bag . ava be talk about a little bag that be on the table . julieta open it , the gift be envelop in plastic bubble wrap . julieta guess what it be . julieta ( move ) a seat man ! ( she press it against she breast ) thank you , ava ! she sit in another armchair across from the patient and leave the sculpture , still in bubble wrap , on a little table between they . ava before you go I want to tell you something , julieta . it do not explain anything , but ... julieta think it 's some secret about xoan . julieta ( weak ) you do not have to , ava . everything have be clear between we for a long time . ava ( slight smile ) it 's about antia . julieta 's attitude change . if it 's about antia , she want fervently to hear it , whatever it be . the wound be still raw , even though she have move house and erase all trace of she daughter . ava when we go to close up you house in rede , marian come and tell she all the detail about xoan 's last day . you argument , my visit and how xoan put out to sea even though it be very rough that day . 143 . flashback . house in rede . int . night . 1998 . marian knock at the door of xoan 's house . antia run along the hallway to open the door , hug she and cry on she breast . ava interrupt what she 's do and come out to see who have arrive . she find marina and antia lock in a understanding embrace . they look at ava as if she be the intruder . 144 . ava 's room , clinic . int . day . cont . 2006-2007 . julieta ( indignant ) but marian be not there , she have go to she own house by 11:00 ! ava she tell we that xoan call she to ask what you have talk about . julieta shake she _ head , she hatred of marian return . julieta ( puzzle ) antia do not say anything to I . she never ask I anything . ava she do ask I , she want I to confirm if you have argue because of I , and if it be true that the sea be choppy . I have no idea about the state of the sea . as for the rest , I tell she that they be not subject to discuss with a child . she go crazy , she tell I I be a whore and blame you and I for xoan go fishing ... julieta listen to she , overwhelm . ( she think of she she be careful never to say a word about it to she daughter ) own guilt complex about xoan 's death , julieta i. do not understand ... she never reproach I about it . we do not talk much , it 's true , but adolescent be mysterious , and I do not want to pester she . ava take a deep breath to continue . ava she ring I , the same day she leave on she trip . julieta ( surprise ) she ring you ? I do not know . 145 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 3 ™° floor . house 2003 . flashback of antia , next summer . to she half - pack suitcase , the but 1 . int . day . in she room in House 3 , day departure . she call ava , while julieta be kitchen . antia hi , ava , how be you ? ava ( off ) sit of she in the bad , antia . they have give I the diagnosis , multiple sclerosis , but do not tell you mother . I x11 call she . antia ava , I have like to talk to you but I do not know if this be the time . 146 . ava 's room , clinic . int . day . cont . 147 . julieta be write in she notebook . have the reconstruct photo with antia and the pop - up card with the vase of flower that she send she on she 2006-2007 . ava she ask I the same question again . only one detail have change : the guilt have spread to the three of we , she be include herself . julieta and ... why do she feel guilty ? ava she have be away , have a good time at camp . julieta listen , shocked . every word that ava increase the conviction that she daughter stranger , that she do not know she . ava I tell she that none of we be guilty of what happen , and that if we be guilty , we have already suffer enough punishment . do you know what antia answer ? julieta shake she head . ava ( short of breath ) that we all get what we deserve . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . house 3 . int . night . 2016 . summer . be say a on the table she 148 . 19 " birthday to remind she that she be alive . in she new life , this be the only two physical reminder of she daughter . julieta ( off ) I raise you in the same freedom as my parent have raise I ... when we move to Madrid and I fall into that depression , I never tell you but I be suffocate by a tremendous sense of guilt about you father 's death and that of the man on the train . I always avoid talk about it , I want you to grow up free of guilt . but you sense it , and despite my silence I end up infect you like a virus . she look at the open window , a slight breeze move the white net curtain . for a moment she see the window and invitation to the void . a cemetery . ext . day . 2007 . fall . at the door of the chapel : the non-believer ( or simply smoker ) be gather outside the door of the chapel , form little group . Lorenzo be with three man . he see julieta a few yard away , out of place , with black glass , she hair tie back and a black overcoat in the form of a cape . on both side of the chapel there be only grave . it be a beautiful sunny fall day . julieta bring to mind that kind of emancipate , sorrowful , attractive woman play so well by gena rowland , direct by John cassavette in the 60 . Lorenzo walk over to she . and he introduce himself . lorenzo we see each other in the hospital elevator . julieta look at he closely but do not remember he . lorenzo I think to myself : that woman be so pretty and so .. downhearted . she must be come to see someone who be very ill . I never imagine that it be we beloved ava . 149 . madrid . julieta 's house 2 . int . evening or night . 150 . 151 . 152. 2007 . fall . in this period , julieta be forty eight . Lorenzo a little older , but he wear it well . they drink a toast in memory of ava , in front of the sculpture of the seat man . in a house radically lack in adornment , the sculpture take on a special importance . julieta ( off ) ava bequeath I Lorenzo . I never tell he about you . there be not a single trace of you in the house , you do not exist . I start a new life with he . the day become week and the week month and year .. there be day I do not think about you . image of life with Lorenzo . madrid . academy where julieta teaches . int . 2010 . julieta continue give class , this time in a academy . she look better . she 's talk about Ulysses 's descent to the underworld , the Hell of hade , and how he find he mother who have die of sadness wait for he . madrid . maribel yebene 's clinic . int . 2010 . julieta be in a little room in the maribel yébene clinic , oxygenate she face ( or some state - of - the - art technique at that time ) . madrid , cinema . ext . 2010 . 153 . 154 . 155 . 156 . in a line for the cinema , julieta be talk animatedly with Lorenzo . madrid . julieta 's house 2 . int . night . 2010 . fall . they make love ... madrid . 19 , fernando VI , 2 '' floor . house 3 . 2016 . summer . julieta in the present be still write to she daughter . she be thin , weaker , more unstable . her skin have lose its glow compare to the previous sequence , which illustrate she life with Lorenzo six year before . julieta ( off ) when a ex-drug addict , no matter how many year he 's be clean , relapse just once , that relapse be fatal .. ( she sigh ) I abstain from you for year , but I make the mistake of relapsing into the hope of find you or hearing about you . that absurd hope have devoure the fragile basis on which I have build my new life . I have get nothing leave now . only you exist . you absence fill my life completely and be destroy it . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . ext . day . 2016 . fall . julieta come out of the building and walk along slowly , until she be swallow up by the crowd . madrid . neighborhood basketball court . ext . day . 2016 . fall . sitting on a bench inside the basketball court , at one side , in the open air , julieta imagine she 's see she daughter when she play there . two little girl come into she field of vision , play and throw the ball at the basket . if it 's a hallucination , julieta give herself up to it . across from julieta , on the other side of the court , beatriz be sit on another bench . she be check she mail on a iPad . neither see the other at first . julieta be concentrate on the girl 's game and beatriz be read and answer she message . beatriz look up to check on the girl and that be when she see julieta in the background . she wave to she surprised by the encounter . beatriz julieta ! julieta be still distract by the child . beatriz cross the court and repeat she name . julieta see she approach , she look at she as if she be a ghost , she do not react . beatriz julieta ! it 's I , Bea ! julieta ( get up , as if out of it ) beatriz ! be it really you ? beatriz ( alarm ) of course ! be you all right , julieta ? julieta hug beatriz and burst into tear . beatriz keep she arm around she and wait until she get it all out . beatriz there , there ... and you be so well when I see you ... they separate slowly . julieta ( exhausted and tearful ) that two little girl remind I of you and antia . beatriz they be my niece . but what 's happen to you ? the last time I see you , you look so well ! they sit together on the bench where julieta have be . julieta gradually calm down . julieta when we meet , I do not say anything , but I have not see antia , or hear anything about she , for twelve year ... beatriz twelve year ! she nod . she pause . julieta do you really meet she , like you tell I ? beatriz yes , I meet she and it be very unpleasant , I do not tell you that . julieta ( puzzle ) unpleasant ? why ? beatriz antia do not want to talk to I , she do everything she could to avoid I . she say she do not know I , that I have mistaken she for someone else . but I know it be she . in the end she have no choice but to talk to I . julieta be it true about the child ? she have child ? beatriz yes , three . when I see she she have two of they with she . julieta listen closely , disconcert . julieta but why do not she want to talk to you ? you be she best friend ! assert she status : beatriz we be more than that , julieta . julieta look at she , confuse . have she misunderstand she ? but julieta be not sure she understand she . beatriz after the camp we be inseparable . do not you remember ? julieta ( hesitate ) yes .. of course , you be always together . and beatriz do not want to be leave alone with she memory of there 's no one better to share they with than julieta . antia . beatriz we could not live without each other ! it 's a pity that at the end it be hell . julieta Hell ? beatriz ( almost a reproach ) I see you do not know anything . julieta ( admit ) no , I do not know anything . beatriz I decide to go and study Design in New York to get away from she . I do not give she my address but I call she and that be when antia tell I she have decide to go away to a retreat in the Pyrenees . I just want she to leave I in peace . julieta be try to process all this information . she wander among all the detail . she d when she go away . she never imagine that aughter be suffer from a romantic break - up difficult girl . she do not even remember she as a 157 . 158. julieta and ... do you speak again ? be you in touch ? beatriz well , she call I once ... but she be already a different person . julieta in what way ? beatriz she tell I that she regret we relationship and be ashamed of it . and she do not want to know anything about I . she say that she be a new person , that she have finally find she path and I be not part of it . she sound like a fanatic , julieta . she scared I . cut . madrid . in the STREET . ext . day . cont . 2016 . fall . julieta be walk along under the weight of Bea 's confession . her lip be move , as if she be talk to a invisible antia . she bump into people . we see she from the point of view of someone watch from the opposite sidewalk . like a zombie , she come to a pedestrian crossing . she do not look at the red light . she think she see Lorenzo on the opposite sidewalk , appear and disappear among the people . and she start to cross . a car almost run she down , the driver manage to avoid she in time , only graze she , but it 's enough to knock she to the ground . fade to black . madrid . hospital room . 2016 . fall . julieta wake in a hospital bed . her right wrist be bandage and she have some superficial cut on she cheek . Lorenzo be sit beside she . julieta Lorenzo ! lorenzo ( fondly , without overwhelming she ) how be you ? julieta my mouth be dry . Lorenzo pour she a glass of water . he be a intrigue , attentive man . he be still affect . julieta what a coincidence that you be there when the accident happen ! lorenzo yes .. I come back from Portugal four day ago and .. I go straight to you house to see if I might be in luck , and I see you come out . julieta but .. I move house , Lorenzo ... I do not live there anymore . lorenzo I know . julieta you do ? how do you find out ? lorenzo the first day I follow you to see what you be do . julieta oh ... lorenzo anyone less distract than you would have realize . julieta be listen carefully . lorenzo when I realize that I be turn into one of that obsessive Patricia highsmith character , 159 . 160 . hide around corner or keep watch on you house , I stop follow you and rt go to Portugal to write . I come back a few day ago . julieta think of the tough process she have 's go through since the last time she see Lorenzo . julieta ( touched ) forgive I for say goodbye to you in such a awful way . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . ext . day . 2016 . fall . Lorenzo get out of a taxi in front of julieta 's house 3 , in the same building as House 1 . madrid . 19 , fernando VI . 2 ™° floor . house 3 . landing int . 2016 . fall . Lorenzo have get julieta 's key in he hand . he open the door . he find a letter lie on the floor . he pick it up and take it with he . he just look at the address , it 's for julieta . it do not look like advertising . it 's hand write . it 's antia 's write but Lorenzo do not recognize it . there 's a return address , a town in Switzerland . in the bedroom , he fill one of julieta 's bag with clothes , the most essential thing . he do not know the apartment , but he know she belonging . he be amaze by the bareness of the place , there be no decorative item , except for ava 's omnipresent sculpture . on the desk , he find the notebook which julieta have write to antia . Lorenzo look at they , paralyze , because he sense that they page uncover the enigma surround julieta . the last notebook be still open at the latest note . he close it . he avoid the temptation of read that line , still fresh . he see the reconstruct photo of julieta and antia on the table . 161 . 162. he also discover a photo of the two of they , julieta and Lorenzo , on one of they trip . for Lorenzo , the sight of this photo , frame and rest on the desk , be vital . it show he that he be not out of julieta 's life . hospital . int . day . 2016 . fall . the bag with julieta 's belonging be lie open on the bed . Lorenzo be sit on the only chair , read a newspaper . julieta come out of the bathroom . she look better although she 's still convalesc . she still have the sensation that she body do not belong to she . she be a expert in that sensation . julieta be wear a bathrobe . she look in the bag for something and take out the plastic toilet bag . she see the notebook at the bottom . she take they out and look at they for a moment . julieta have you read they ? lorenzo nooo ! I do not have time , and anyway I would not have dare . julieta read they if you want , and then destroy they . julieta look into the bottom of the bag again , she glimpsis a letter at the bottom . she put she hand in and pull it out . when she see she address she heart leap . she recognize antia 's handwrite immediately . tremble , she turn the letter over to see if it have a return address . this time it do , this time she find she daughter 's name and she address in Switzerland . mix - parking cioss . sognono. a car . on the road . 2016 . fall . Lorenzo be drive the car . julieta be next to he . the tree lining the road be reflect on and invade the windscreen . Lorenzo and julieta be pensive and silent . we hear the content of antia 's letter . antia 's word acquire great presence , as if she be in the back seat say the content of the letter aloud . antia ( off ) dear mom , I do not know if you be still in Madrid or if you be live in the same house , but I have no other address to write to you . I have three child . xoan , the eldest , be only nine when he drown in a river . and I be insane with grief . in this moment , the worst of my whole life , I be think of you . now I understand what you must _ have suffer when I disappear ... I could not imagine it . unless you have suffer it you can not imagine it . julieta I be not go to ask she for a explanation . I just want to be with she , but she do not invite I to visit she . lorenzo after thirteen year she do not dare , but she put she return address . the car be drive through a idyllic swiss valley . a road sign say that they be on the road to sonogno and that the car can not go over 50 kilometer per hour . julieta be not in a hurry and the view through the car window be so beautiful . the end