with a fade in long shot - a woman ( lillian ) - ( 1962 ) day 4 she be sit in a rewboat on very quiet water , a.shacovy silhouette in the morning mist . reecs in foreground . lillian be past middle - age . she be wear a old , wide - brimm straw hat , a man 's loose shirt , dark pants , glasse : . she be fishing , deep in think . finally : _lillian' voice ( 9.8 . ) qld paint om canvas as it age sometimes become transparent . when that happen , it be possible , in some picture , to see the original _ line ; a tree will skow through a woman 's dress , a child make way for a dog , a boat be - no longer on a open sea . that be call pentimento because the painter ' repent 's , change ii mind . dissolve tr close up -~ lillian be eye as they look into the past . lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) the paint have age now and i want to see what be there for I once , what be there for I now . dissolve long shot - a passenger train - ( 1927 ) nigatt move through the french countryside towards the german border . angle up at one of che compartment wincow , shcw a diffuse view of three figure ( yomen ) . a prismatic , multicoloure distortion . final shot - train wh as it rear frighteningly close . under the sound of the crain we can barely make out the first few , distort tar of " iou 're the tcp 's play by a small , stringe orchesir . cut to 7 ext , expansive lawn on long island SOUND - summer " ( 1952 ) day of a garden party at a large estate . very tigit shot - a plump young man $ overdress for boat , Captain 's cap . Blue blazer . White duck . full rosy cheek . a highball in one hand . a srall sandwich , drip , in the other . ee be lcokiag _at something 0.s . camera pan to show a somewhat young lillian away fron the heart of the party , stand at a stone wali which surround the estate . she hold a drink . the plump youn . man decide to nove in she direction . anglz on lillian 7 at the stone wall . she drink , look out at the boat in the water . she look back at the party . she be bored . " whe plump young man move into frame . pratt hello , I be Arthur Pratt . I 'ma great admirer of yours , I hope you do not mind my say so . lillian ( a polite smile ) that 's very nice of you . thank you very mich . she take a sip of she drink . pratt my father be Arthur Pratt , senior . lillian look up . stun . actually you name come up once * when we be taik , I guess it be about one of you play , and I remember he tell I you write he a letter about ... she continue to stare at he . be not it Julia ? revise 25.8,76 7 continue . lillian ( softly ; control ) yes . pratt ( a proud smile ) well ... some small world . i. be Julia 's third cousin . lilliay ( quietly ) be you . pratt be 2 great admirer of yours ... it 's really rather satisfy to be link with you in some way . a uncomfortable pause . then : - lillian where be you father ? pratt my father die . lillian you father never answer ry letter . pratt he die tvo year ago . I and surprised you do not read cbout it , large piece in the Times . lillian he be suppose to contact I betore he die . pratt pardon I ? lillian you hear I . pratt ( pause - nervous laughter - seli - conscious ) I be not a lawyer , I be not in the firm . I be a banker . @ 7 contiaue lillian I da not care what you be . pratt pardon I ? lillian what ever happen to Julia 's family ? pratt do I upset you ? I do not mean to say -- lillian what ever happen to Julia 's - mother , be she dead ? be she Long pause . mother dead ? pratt ( carefully ) I think she life in Argentina or Brazil . really , if I say anything to annoy you , I be ... lillian you say very mich to annoy I . what about she grandparent ? they mist be dead . be they dead ? pratt ( wait ; then quietiy ) yes , mar 'am . they be dead . : lillian ( quietly ) good ... ( stare at he ) every one of they be a bastard . pratt . actually , you be talsx about my cousin . I really do not understand ... lillian ( sharply ) I do not care who I be talxing about , do they ever find the baby ? 7 a ) continue pratt I be afraid there 's be a misunderstanding . lillian tnere be nothing of the kind . do they ever find the baby ? pratt what baby ? lillian you know damned well what baby . the one they do not want to find . pratt '' I be really sorry , but I do not know what you be talk about . lillian do not you ? . silence . she look at he another moment , then softly , control she rage : lillian I do not believe you . she wait a few more beat , then move quickly away . the young man remain freeze at the wall . aw angiz favouring lillian as she nearly collide with a woman who be carryiag two highball glass . she overhear conversation as she move on . 18t voice ( 0.s. ) eisenhower can have it if he want it . and frankly I think he want it . 2nd voice ( 0.5 . } I do not think he want it , and I do not think he would kmow what to do with it if he have it . CUT to 9 iz revise 25,8,76 6 ext . a beach house - day - 9 seclude . its own beach . High grass along the dune . near the house be a small vegetable garden . . lillian' voice ( 0.5 . ) dash ? . int . beach house - day 13 lillian enter . dress as she be . lillian ( shouting ) dash ! camera pan with she as she move through the hallway into the live room , continually move . lillian ( bellow ) hammett ! new angle - eayouring . sammett . a he 's in he early fifty . he be stand in 2 doorwa7 . cool. calm . he hold a cloth and a part of a shotgun which have be break down . lillian ( see he ) you be never here . hammett Mr sanderson want you to call he about repair the shutter . lillian I do not give 2 goddam about the shutter . sammett he can come Tuesday morning . lillian I do not want to go that party . '' I tell you I do not want to go alone ! hammett watch she . lillian ( mimick Arthur . et jur. ) ' I be Julia 's third cousin , 's say the siliy dam col . 11 12 revise 25.8.76 7 roy continue she be stare at some bookshelve , hammett go to a table with whisky on it . pour a drink . he bring it +o lillian . he pick up he own drink on the bookshelf , already half go . lillian lower she head , almost cry . do not . hammett ( gently ) the baby 's dead , lilly . 's lillian take a stiff drink , she move toatable finc a cigarette . light it . then she turn to hammett , lillian if I nad try harder to find she -= hammett you try , lilly . get dene with it . lillian T can not get do with it . I can not get do with thing the way you do ! I be not as strong as you be . ee do not speak , he wait . he know ner . ' inaliy , lillian meve into another room . lillian ( mimick the young man ) " I do not know what you be taik about ' ... say the skinny third cousin with he goddame nautical hat . int . lillian 's worzroom a a typewriter set up in a corner , more book . more thar we see in the live reom . her work on a table . she leok at it . scratch pad everywhere . Notes and newsnage > article and picture and postcard tack to a bulietis ~ board . on one wall be a large map of the world . she gocs to she table , slump in a chair , lay she head on she ara . we begin to sear the sound of a train . 13 / 35 revise 25.8.76 3 ( previcusly 23 ) - shot - a train leaving paris =- ( 1937 ) night the steam fill the screen . lillian' voice ( as in se. 2 ) I think I have always kncwn about ry memory . . ( previously 24 ) shot - the train through ccuntryside " pace from Paris . we hear its whistle . -lillian' voice ( continue ) , . I know when the truth be distort by some drama or fantasy . ( previously 25 ) shot - a hatbox - on a seat in train comparticcnt word on the box : madame pauline . lillian' voice ( continue ) but I trust absolutely what I remember about ... ° cut to deleted int . grandpparent ' dine room - ( 1920 ) ' sigit close shot julia ( young ) lillian' voice ( continue ) se. Julia . int , julia' grandpparent ' house - dine room ( 1920 ) night favour Julia 's grandmother at one end of a long , narrow dining table . at the other end of the table we can see Julia 's grandfather . they be tormally dress . between they on eisher side of the table be che young lillian and jolia . we be in the dining room of a fifth Avenue _ mansion . Endless chic-shabby room , wall cover vith ao 36 7 a revise 25.8.76 9 continue 26 picture , table cover with object of unknown value . wall cover with garnet - coloured velvet . sherbet have just be serve between course . a butler ( raine ) be prominent . no one speak . they eat . lillian look to julia to check the proper spocn . various shot 37 the grandpparent , Old . proper. lifeless . it be all terribly dreary . the faint tinkling of glass and silver . the old woman see the old man look at he plate . she casually snap ! she finger . raine approach . she indicate the grandfather 's plate . raine nod and begic to cut the meat on the dish into small piece as the old man watch . 38 angle favcuring julia be very serious , clearly unhappy , want the dinner to be over . . 39 angle favouring lillian se aware of it all . she look toward the grandmother . camera pan to a shot of the grandmother 's hand : the ancient finger with a exquisite heirloom ring , a finely jewell bracelet . 40 full shot ae as the dinner continue in silence . the grandfather eat . the grandmother drink whisky from 1 small crystal goblet . the grandfather begin to doze . 40a another angle - dine room , aca camera pan room to show its valuable and depress clutter , it pass the grandfather , the butler . the two young girl , and finally the camera stop at the grandmother who nod , oh so slightly , to julia . julia rise . lillian , too , julia move to she grandmother , curtsy . julia ( resentful ... barely audible ) happy New Year , grandmother , revise 25.8.76 . 10 40a continue ac . she move to she grandfather , kiss he brow . julia , happy New Year , grandfather . lillian 's not certain what to do . she nod at the two old people as julia start out of the reom indicate for she to follow . . lillian ( move , whisper ) why do we have sherbet in the middle of the meal ? ( with contempt ) '' i¢ 'clear the palate between the fish and the meat . as they be about to leave the room , they pass a table with frame photograph on it . one stand out . a cecil beaton kind of thing : a most beautiful woman at a costune ' ball , ina silver harlequin suit , wear 2 silver top a - :. and silver eye mask . her body in a straight line as it j on lean against the wall with one arm extend , ter white - glove hand be kiss by a gigole in dinner clothes . who be kneel at she foot as she stare down at the top of he head , lillian {as they move - whisper ) who 's that ? julia it 's ay mother , lillian my God ! lillian 's eye iinger on the photograpa as ske and julia exit . julia ( as they exit ) she just get marriea agaiz . '' i/ 42 je delet=d ; 42 : 43 rno ' os 44 45 o~ revise 25.8.76 il int . foyer 45 lillian and julia approach the ornate staircase . they rove up the wide carpete step . lillian where do you mother live ? julia in Scotland . my mother own a very fancy castle . lillian have you be there ? julia | once. : lillian what 's it lixe ? julia full of fancy people with fancy title . lillian who be they ? julia I do not remember . they do not interest I . they be all very rich and famous . they just say hello to I and I do not remember . they continue up the step . cuUT to int . julia' room - angle on phoncgrape ae as a Sand put the arm on the record . we bear a English - woman 's voice ( maggie tette ) sing in amorous french , 2 popular song o2 tke period . another angle - julia and lillian ro can they be dance separately , then they come together and dance in the middle of the room . after a moment : lillian happy New Year , Julia , julia happy New Year . revise 25.38.76 ila 454a ( previously 56A ) 450 . int . darkened room . ( new year be eve ) lillian and julia ( both team ) lie on tke floor . they have be drink wine . smoke cigarettes . ther sye . in whisper . julia ( anvent it ) iam ... Paris . lillian I be Paris ... and ... I ama string of bead . ( pause ) julia | '' I be Paris ... and I be a string - ef bead on a hot dancer . lillian ( laugh ; think ; then ) Tam Paris and I ama string of bead on a hot dancer ... and outside it 's renoir and cezanne .. julia ( think ; then a great grin ) I be Faris and I ama string of bead on a hot dancer ... and cutside it 's renoir and rembrandt ... and inside it be bard and hot ! lillian oh , Jesus , Julia ! sulia I do not care , I do not care ! '' they squeal , drink wine , giggle , still flat con the flocr . suddenly have héar bell zrom outside . it be mianigh , ther both listen for a long time and then : '' '' lillian happy New Year , Julia . julia happy New Year . they stare up at the ceiling as the tell continue . caert study they as they listen and think of they life thay < 2 ahead . cot to 45a 453 es 45d b revise 25.8.76 ( previously 28 ) int , beach house - ( 1934 ) day lillian ( ncw about 30 ) sit at a tabie . she wear she bathrobe and little white sock . . we can see a calendar hang on the w2ll with a picture of FDR on it . aa typewriter on the table , she be work hard . the wor : clearly not come easily . in frustratioa , she stand up , kick a waste basket . ( previously 29 ) ext , beach ~ angle on a younger hammett - dugse as he move up beach towards the house . hammett pull : @ gumnysack behind he . ( previously 30 ) angle on lillian at dcor ( through screen ) she bas a drink in she hand . lillian it ?s not work agein hammett . it 's fall apart again . ( previously 31 ) wider angle ~ lillian and hammett he be dump the gunnysack outside the door into a pail . clam . ha look up at she . 3 4 the 's D revise 25.8.76 13 continue be hammett put on you sweater . pick scme corn . bring some whisky . I will build a fire , we will have some dinner ... do not forget the snoke . he turn and start away . lillian ( shout ) I be not here to take order . I eniy want advice . pause , then she push open the door , still shouting . : lillian you be nota general , hammett . ( pause , then louder ) and I be not the trcops ! ( previously 32 ) - 45 ° ' ext , beach - ( 1934 ) night they have eat , there 's light from the house in b.¢ and something lef + of the beach fire . hammett , with 2 im band , sit on the sand in a tacky wooden armchair . look out at the dark water , lillian lie on she since . be both pleasantly drunk . finally : hammett if you really can not write , maybe you should go find a job . ske mumble something unintelligible . hammett you could be a waitress , or what about a fireman ... you could be the chie ?. ( sonsider i+ ) not a bad idea , maybe some little town ... get yourself li'l fire station ... I will be the mayor . lillian why the hell sheuld you be the mayor ? hammett somebody have to appoint you if you be go to be the chiet . 45e revise 1.9.76 . 14 continue : aes lillian I be in trouble with my goddamn play and you do not care . just because you have stop write --- silence . she be sorry she say it . hammett drink acre . lillian stare at he . finally , she get to she knee . she light another cigarette . she turn away and start to move up the beach into the darkness . silence . finally it be too dark to see she . hammett tall you what I will do , liliy . i'11 send you on a trip to Paris . lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) ( 2rem the darkness ) I do not want to go to Paris . hammett why not , I hear it 's 2 swell town . ' you could finish you play there , have a little fun , visit you friend Julia . lillia you snow damn well Julia 's aot in Paris . hammett well , wherever sne be . go to Spain . there may be a civil war in Spain . you could help somebody win it . you be scrappy . lillian 's voice ( 0.5 . ) I be not scrappy ! do not call I serappy . you make I sound like the neighbourhood bulldog and do not teii I I be brave again . bammett : ( sarcastic ) you be brave , lilly , and you be noble , and you be the neighbourhood bulldog except you have some cockey dream about be a cocker spaniel . revise 1.9.76 458 continue lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) . T ama cocker spaniel and I be in trouble and you will not listen to ae. ( exasperate ) I can not work here . hammett then do not work here , do not work any place , it 's not as if you have write anything before . nobody ' 11 miss you . it 's the perfect tine to change job . . lillian be voice ( 0.3 . ) ( louder ) you be the one who talk not into peing a writer . you be the damned one who say stick with it , you have talent , xid ! you soft scoape I with all that crap and look where I be now . hammett ( stand up ) you want to cry about it , stand alone on the rock , do not do it around I . if you can not write you play here theo go somepiace else ! give it up ! open 2 drugstore ! be a coal miner ! be a six day dixe rider ! anything , but do not smivel over it . ray we revise 25.38.76 16 o~ : ae 45e continue at ' hammett pick up the bottle of whisky , begin to kick > sand over the fire . he put it cut . we can not see 5 i= tow and all we can see be the light frem the little - house . in a few moment we hear a screen door slam and , avter that the light to the house go cut and there be nothing but blackmess . , silence . finally , after a few moment : ; ' lillian' voice ( 0.8 . ) ! hammett ? hold for a long time . wait for some sign of she . there be none . : 1 lillian be voice ( 0.8 . ) hammett , I be lose ! | hold . she still do not appear . 1 : , | 45f ( previously 33 ) : 4o0 io : int . beach house - nigst it be black , we hear the screen door fly open . thea it slam close . lillian' voice ( 0.8 . ) ( young ) but what about Paris ? what about Rome ? and Cairo ? what about Michelangelo ? 46 - deleted AG - at dele ? a? ~~ '' 4a 49 30 revise 25.8.76 17 ( previously 224 ) 48 ext . road to summer lodge - ( 15922 ) day p.0.¥. over the hood of tan roll royce towards a impose gate which be slowly open . ( previously 223 ) ae int . limousins - tight on julia - day when the cawera pull back we see she be seat ia the jump seat of the roll and we get a glimpse of lilliay az she side . tae grandpparent be ino rear seat . grandmother drink from a silver flask . sulia icok disturb and lillian be aware of it . ( previously 22c ) : ext . summer lodge ~ ( 1922 ) dat ' the limousine approach the fortress - likxe lodge . three servant ( two man and a woman ) be wait at the front of the wooden step as the car stop . cre aan open the door . julia 1s out by herself . she move quickly away 70 m the car follow by lillian . camera stays on the old pecele who leave the car as they luggage be take in sy the chauffeur and the man . ' the woman take the grandmother ' 's arn . 52 revise 25.8.76 18 ( previously 22d ) 3 : angle on lillian and julia julia walk toward the water . the fortress - like lode in . t.g. lillian catch up . now they walk tegether . lillian look cut at the lake . julia walk straight ahead , very tense . lillian look at she . they waik be silence . then : lillian please tell I what 's the matter . julia I do not want to be here . not with they . I bate then . they walk along tha lake , juiia slightly ahead o7 lilian . ( previously 225 ) gc tigst shot - lillian look at julia . ( previously 22f ) 5 angle past they at the water . julia they would not see . lillian what would not they see ? julia if something smell bad . we have to move away to some other ol.ace . lillian I do not know what you mean . what would smell bad ? julia : street , house ... the secpie . '' lillian {a beat , then ) * about Paris ? what about Rome ? and Cairo ? what about michelangele ? julia ( sharp ) you be not listen ! a revise 25.83.76 19 you a continue lillian I be listen ! ( previcusly 22g ) . 534 extreme long shot - boat landing - day lillian and julia in bathing suit sit with they foot in the water . camera move sicwly coward tnem a3 we hear : julia they take I to see Cairo . they tell I how beautiful Cairo would ! be , mut it be not beautiful . tf remember say to 2y grandzather , ' tock at that people , they be hungry , they be sick , why do not we do something ? 's and he say ' do not look at they .’. I say , ' but they be sick , 's and he say ' I do not make ' they sick 's . ( pause - camera closer - she anger grow ) where uy mother life the servant live under the ground . seventeen people in three room . no window . one bathroom . ( pause - have be in tight now ) it 's wrong . they can not do that . . ( she turn slowly and look towards the house ) it 's wrong . ' a moment of silence and then suddenly julia dive int the water . lillian be up and dive in after ner . re watch then swim o2f . cut to 34 a a , ws a revise 25.8.76 20 int . beac house ~- lillian 's workroom - ( 1534 ) nigdat z lillian at the vindow . she lcok cut . she turn , loox a- the work on she table , then she go out of the reom . int . stairway ~ night 5 lillian move slowly up the stair . lillian' voice ( 0.s. age 18 ) Goodbye , goodbye ! how many time do I have to say it ? geodbye ! int . bedroom ~ nigrt a lillian enter . she move to the bed , sit on it , look at hammett who be asleep . she iie down . she look u5 at the ceiling . lilliax maybe I could do better work some - place else ... dash ? ... hammett see waat ? . lillian . if I be to go to Paris andwaork ... be you awake ? ( not grunt ) if I go away would you start write again ? ( pause ) do I keep youlfrom write ? bammett ne , sleep , you keep I from sleep , lillian . silence . she turn to he . it be clear from the romen* that she love he . without even open he eye , ie reach out and gently rub she leg . [ mn tight shot , lis. look back up at the ceiling . . julia' voice I hear from Oxford ... frem Medical School . - ( pause ) I be eceept . revise 25.8.76 21/24 86 continue 5 lillian' voice when will you : go ? julia' voice the end of the summer . lillian' yoice but that 's next , the end of summer . ~ cuot to 56A deleted we oe i 363 ( previously - part 46 ) int . jolia' bedroom nigs T close ~ up - Fire in a small fireplace . camera pan uf < close shot introduce the grown julia . she be rest on one elbow , cream into the fire . .. ' eilliay! S yoice , ( 0.8 . ) I can not say now that I know or have ever use the word gentle or delicate or strong , sut I do think that night thac it vas the most beautiful face I have ever see . ~~ - revise 25.8.76 25 continue we begin to hear a ship 's orchestra play " over the wave '' and the grow sound of celebrant voice . lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) Goodbye , goodbye ! how many time do I have to say it ? Goodbye ! deleted quice CUT to ext . MAIN dece - the s.s. majestic ~- very tight shot julia ( older ) = ( 1923 ) day julia we will write . another angle favouring julia and lillian on deck . the ship 's orchestra play '' over the wave " . confetti float through the air . the main deck fily with depart passengers and they friend . bon yoyare party in full swing . a go - ashore go be sounding . lilllan . I have already . write you ... it ' 's in the mail . yoice ( over loudspeaker ) all ashore that 's go ashore ! lillian oh , my God , look who 's travel with you . julia hho ? lillian Anne warie . sulia where ? lillian there . she 's get she brother , samay , with ber . as 53 26 another angle a anne marie with ner brother sammy at herside . they bold champagne glass . sammy be 25 , 3 tall , gangly , bitcay man with a moustache . he smile vith a imapprooriate affectation . anne marie be 18 . she have a passive quality that hide she anger . anne marie Julia ! lillian ! be we all crossing ? I do not 's believe it ! lillian Julia 's crossing . helle , sammy . sammy - ( hang on they ) hello , my beauty . Control yourselves , Jack Dempsey 's on board . he look to see who else be . anne marie and the doliy sister with 97 piece of luggage . samuy lillian , you should not stay home . it 's a woman 's world now , you can be morally independent , if you know what I mean . lillian I will try that , sammy . samy after all , the Paris mademoiselle be wear french flag for underwear . voice {over loudspeaker ) all ashore that 's go ashore ! anne marte my God , I have people to see . Julia , we will see each other later . we will hava fun . you be look slim , lillian . anne marie throw lillian a '' iss . sammy it 's true , lillian , yeu look very svelte ... 39 continue anne marie and sammy move off . lillian ( to Julia ) you poor thing . ~ '' - ww julia do not worry . I will avoid then . , you would batter go . lillian when do we see each other zgain ? it will be too long . julia . think of it this way , when we do , we will have everything to talk about . : ' voice ( over loudspeaker ) y all ashore that 's goirg ashore . all ashore . | ~ they embrace . we hear the ship 's wistle . lillian oh , Jesus , I do not want to cry , please write I ... Goodbye , take care w+ . jolia and you take care , and practise leave from right , watch you - smoking , do not give up on Albert wakeman , I think he 's ready to make a move . lillian I do not care about Albert vakeman , promise you will write I . julia you know I will write you . ( aug ser ) work hard . take chance . se very bold . we hear the ship 's whistle . you hear I , very , very bold . 33 80 61 revise 24.86.76 continue lillian you be go to be a remarkable doctcr .. julia my boat 's leave , lilly . get off ny boat . lillian ( move away reluctantly ) Goodbye . , julia Goodbye . ext . gangflane 238 ea as lillian stand on it , look for a last glimpse of julia wave . she move on down the gangplank . lillian geodbye . Goodbye . very tigst on lillian lillian ( suddenly angry ; try not .to ery ) Goodbye , goodbye . hew many time do ihave to say it . Goodbye . p.o.y. = julia in the crowd , she arm hold up straight , strong the band strike up " auld lang syne " . bacx to lillian wave at julia . the : air fill with confetti . lang syne '' continue . the ship 's whistle cut the air . . lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) it be ia we nineteenth year that she go away . I be not to see she again far a very long time ... until I go to visit she at Oxford . and staal . '' " auld rough ct tr 65 revise 25.8.76 2g ext . a pormal lawn at oxford - long shot = julia ( 1925 ) day walk across the lawn toward camera . as she approach we hear : lillian' vycice ( 0.s. ) there be woman who reach a perfect time of life , when the face will never again be as good , the body never as graceful or as powerful . it have happen that year to Julia , but she be no more conscious of it than of have be a beautiful child . julia ig close now . and lillian move into frame to greet she . julia do have that pover and grace , but ber clothes be loose , carelessly choose ... they embrace cet to int / ext . the " college at oxford ( varr i0 versus shot ) lillian and julia move through . they speak with quic : enthusiasm . dialogue overlap . one scene dissolve into another . lillian you have alot of friend ? julia '' not many . lillian get to the theatre ? - julia there 's not enough tine . lillian but we always go to the theatre . julia : when you write you play I will go again , how 's you write ? on revise 25.8.75 . 294/30 65 continue `s lillian I be still at the publishing house . I wish I could write full time . julia you will . . lillian do you have a beau ? ' julia no , do you ? lillian I be not sure . I think maybe I have '' meet someone . you ? julia ( shake she head ) I dt but it do not work cut . , cuT to 654 ext . ST. john' college - oxford '' gs panning shot . seautiful ancient architecture . | lillian be voice my God , it 's se old , everycn you want to mow be right here . CuT to 633 another area - oxford : lillian what be you read now ? julia everything . webb , duxley , engel , even Einstein . lillian can you understand sinstein ? a student pass , smile at julia . student hello , Julia . julia ( continue on ) helio . revise 25.38.76 320 a 66 moving shot - julia and lillian pass througe gatewal 33 o™ to the radcliffe square -— day > . lillian will you come home next summer ? 's , julia 's no , I be go to Vienna , and I be go to finish my medical , study and then I be go to try ) to study with Professor Freud . lillian can you do that , [ mean I know you can do that , but , Jesus ... julia . I think I can , there 's a good ehance , I think he will accept I . lilly , you have to visit vierna ence ... then you will know what to write about . people be come alive there , work people who never have a chance before , they have build they own part of the city , in floridsdorf . they have they \~ own orchestra , they uewspaper 's the best in Vienna , lilly , . finally , there 's some real hope in this world . 37 angle favouring lillian oa her look show she respect . as we begin to hear soft , viennese , band music 's in b.g . julia De you understand ? , revise 25.8.76 31 oa 37 continue of ~ lillian ( ancertada ) '' »b yes , of course . - , 5 68 shot - crossing tse meadow besind cerist churce 6 & y 4 > lillian and julia walk across the mendow as camera pull slowly away from they . as it do we hear : 's lillian '’s voice ( 0.s. ) but I do not understand . not fully . who of we do ? she write I from | . time to time . she nad go to live in the floridsdorf District of Vienna . and as the year go on , she write of mussolini and Adolf Hitler and of radical and Jews and of the holocaust 4 that be on the way . she write angr7 t , thing of the armed political group ' in Austria . the threat of the Nazis , 's the criminal guilt of the English and prench in pretend there be no ty danger in fascism ... she could not understand why the world refuse to see what be come . camera be far from they now and they be very small , distant image . ' 39 int . beach bouse - bedroom ( 1934 ) - niget a lillian and hammett in bed . lillian maybe I could do better work someplace else ... dasa ? hammett what ? lillian I will take you up om you offer . | sammett what 's that , lilly ? lillian --- Paris . 70 ext . paris STREET - establishing shot - ( 1934 ) niget ts it ts a calm , romantic parisian scece .. the ligat on agaiast the Paris architecture and all seem serene . djange 's not guitar be play against this . revise 24.6.76 71 ext . HOTEL jacob - paris - night tt . a small , inexpensive hotel . django 's guitar continue . 72 '' int . HOTEL corridor - angle cn lillian at telephone ~ 7 . niggat T lillian ( into phone ) helle ? allo ? danke ... danke ..- Julia ? it 's lillian ... hello ? ys it you ? it do not sound like you . I do not believe it , it 's be 's so long . I call you , do not you get my message ? I have be try to reach you for week ... i'2 fine , I be in daris , when can I see you ? I will be here for a few more week . I be finish my play , do not you receive my letter ? about my play ? why be we talk so fast ... be you okay ? what 's ditficult ... hello ... be you there ? ... I be at the Hotel jaceb , but I can come to Vienna ... why mot ? ... how about halfway , I will meet you haliway ... Hotel Jacob , yes , you have no idea how good it feel to hear you voice . ' iwo not leave till I hear from you ... be you all right ... hello ? ... ( jiggle phone ) hello ! hello ! hello ! tt be all so sudden . over . she z0ld the shine . ste lewer it into the cradle . she be afraid ... sense something . not sure what . cut to " 3 int . lillian be room - angle on lillian : vo at the typewriter , work . suddenly there be . the somat of police whistle aad the clanging of the police wagsn in b.g . 74 angle at lillian' window Te ascshe move to leok out . 75 % 2.c.¥. shot the street 's now fill with feople run , policz sad gendarme pursue they . some people drop placard anc torch as they run , other stop to throw stone at the gursue police . SOUND of shout and scream ia tne distance . om 76 , 's 's ' 71 , , 73 ' ' ' ! 7 \~ — 30 32 r~ revise 7.7.76 33 bace to lillian 7s leok out window - frighten but curious . begin a quiet musical pulse . cuT to ext . paris STREET - niget 7 lillian move along sidewalk , cautiously , look ahead . we can hear gunshot and the wild shout of demonstrator . '' aa fight have develop a short distance from hotel . ( police . worker , soldier , student ) . we can see flame of burn car . a ambulance move towards riot pass lillian . close - lillia 78 she stop and watch from a distance , then turn back teward hotel . cur to '' 1 at int . HOTEL corridor - angle on lillian at wall fhine lillian ( into phone ) hammett ? be you still there ? ..- something terrible have begin here .--+ hello ? I can not hear you --- hammett ? hammett ? cur to a int . sotel room - angle on lillian - niget she be write 2 letter . lillian' voice ( 2.5 . ) dear hammett . I try to concentrate on my play . sut { I feel sick . and there 's no reason for my nausea otser than fright . cur to ext . paris street - night damp conbiestone . dark -clothed men move through ¢t light alleyway come from everywhere , earmriag ch and steel.pipe . - lillian' voice ( 0.8 . ) ™yere 's something ugly tere . something deep and very ugly : the number of dark figare have increase alarmingly $ 2 °+ past few second . ccr to revise 29.7.76 34 814 long shot volxsgarten = fascist troops on parade . lillian' voice ( continue - more anxious ) and it 's not only in Paris , hammett ! cut to g13 long shct fascist poster - sinister 3 camera move rapidly into c.u. of three helmete figure . . cur to 82 ext . building - floridsdorf district ~- vienna - 2 ( 1934 ) | night we sound cf gunfire . smoke pour from burn building . fire rage . . lillian' voice hammett ! something awful be happen . . cut to 324a int . paris HOTEL room = niget 3 -~- ~~ close shot lillian look off , uncertain of somethiaz , sense something . . \- lillian ( barely audible ) Julia ? . cuot to 82a int . university staircase - dat foot of student rurning up flight of marble stair lea to top floor of great Renaissance staircase . angz >y di cruel face . weapon in the air : club , metal tipas e@ student run to top of staircase where other be awalcic '' 823 int . door of lecture hall and corridor at top of aot staircase - day shoot over the back of the mob . we be aware that the door of the lecture Hall be forcibly push open . most of the student rush into lecture Hall and sresent emerge triumphantly push a small group of resisting terrify student ahead of they . there be fightiag , scream and the SOUND of blow . 3oesk be throwa iron student 's arm and throw down stairwell . swing i fs blcody face , fall body . Three or four girl student be among that who have see haul out of lecture Hall . all of they make shemselve as scarce as possible , with the exception of one girl - julia - fhe oo seem to be protect one student . ske be enguite and disappear in the mob . i , cut to revise 25.8.75 , 34a ext , vienna STREET - night B. worker , police , student , soldier with steel helnet . in 2ierce combat . the uniform be austrian . big explosion ! CUT to int . lillian' HOTEL rcom , paris - ( 1934 ) = duse és tight shot silence . newspaper on dresser show the headline : austrian army bombard worker ' build in | ploridsdorf district fire rage . 200 die in Vienna . camera pull back to show lillian move out of the hata - room with a pair of wet stocking and some under - garmen 's . she drape they over a chair near the radiator . she be tired , extremely anxicus . she sit in the chair at '' not _ desk as the camera pan the room , establishiag a sense $ 5 36 of disorder : clothing , food , whisky , newspaper , fa24 ashtray , etc . we should * eel she be desperately 74 to control panic . int . lillian' sotel room , paris - ( 1934 ) - nigst ge lillian in bed unable to sleep . int . corridor - angle on a wcman ( manager ) - nicht be in aightclothes . she knock on lillian 's door . woman Mademoiselle . telephcne . mademciselia . they call from Vienna . int . corridor - angle cn lillian - nigat talk on wail pnone . aa woman watch , liscen from up the hall . ~~ 86 37 ~ 38 39 30 31 93 continue lillian ( into phone - frantic ) yes ... what happen ? ... be she all rght ? how serious be it ? : of course I will come , tell she [ I be epming . where do I go ... yes ? ... yes , I will come ! ... just a moment , who be I talk to ? ... hello ? a ut int . a taxicab ( moving ) - angle on lillian ~ ( 1934 ) duse look lose , daze . ext . viznna STREET - taxi - ( 1934 ) dusk drive down the street . int . the taxi - angle on lillian - dusk look cut anxiously . i her ?.o.v. = dusk policemen and soldier patrol the dark street . bacx to lillian her anxiety . ext . hospital <- a mean part of town . vieyna - dusk trouble make change . finally , not caring , driver more than enough . she be avare the area be ringed _ lillian get out of taxi ; have give the with policemen and mey in other uniform , wear steel helmet . int . hospital corridor - 2tgat as lillian enter . apprehension . she be close to caxmraa . greay & aw u gn os 9 a ley 1 with ~~ ~w 97 98 99 100 revise 24.6.76 26 shot - lillian moving through hospital corridcr - night se it be a place that appear to be uncare for . very cic . overwerk personnel . lillian be be lead by a pregnant woman in - a grey dress . angle on entrance to hospital ward - night gS lillian move to it . stops. look in . . lillian be p.o.v . - the ward -. night $ 5 about thirty patient . the ded close together . emergency cot . the room , bleak , distress . moc , medicine table , wash pail be 's all about . terse on wen be stand about in the room . shot - the pregnant woman - night . o° indicate for lillian to follow . they move through the ward . only a few of the personnel be in hospital uniform . other worker in civilian clothes . fisally . the pregnant woman indicate a bed at the end of the vi wed . we see a body heavily wrap in bandage . the right site of a ' face 's be also bandage . the pandage be carry around the head and onto most of the right side , leav only the leave eye and mouth expose . the right arm 1 . outside the bed cover . the right leg rest on a unseu ! platforn . . tight on lillian - niget 23 her reaction as she move slowly toward the bed . shot - lillian and julia ( 18 thars cld ) - ( 1922 ) Day be favour sulia as they embrace on the deck of a ship . great smile , hug . bon voyage , tear , confetti . young boy' voice ( 0.s. ) ihre freundin , fraulein . back to zospital - favour julia - night a as a young boy ( 3 year old ) in short pants . oversizea shirt , overdue haircut , bring lillian a stool to sit then the boy slowly tuzt julia 's bandage head for ner . cu . -- -~-— ~— ~~ 100 102 revise 24.6.76 37 continue . i young boy ( to Julia ) thre freundin , fraulein . jolia 's leave eye open . young boy ( indicate lillian ) thre freundin . ( tap Julia 's band ) thre freundin . julia 's eye look towards lillian . neither it , sor the hand , move as julia and lillian stare at one another . the boy back off and pick up a paii of water , move across the ward , stand with the pail in b.g. , look toward julia and lillian , who do not speak . camera move to favour lillian , who start to say some - thing but then do not . a momen* more as julia 's eye stare at lillian . then <n¢ head tusm again and the eye look across the room , the free hand come up and slowly point at a nurse to whoc the young boy be speak . tue nurse look toward jtli and move to the bed . she turng julia 's head to tae one : side and put she hand in a more comfcrtable position . then she indicate for lillian to leave . nurse ( in viennese ) ( to lillian ) please go now . lillian nod and get up . she turn to go , look . back one , twice , a third time at julia . camera with ser as she move slowly through the ward . she pass the other patient . she be close to the pain . it disturb aer . frightecs she . int . hosfital corridor ~ niget a lillian move out cf the ward . the young soy wait '' tor she . he move to rer . stop she . young boy ( in viennese ) ( quickly ) fraulein . Hotel Imperial . there be a reservation for you at the Hotel Imperial , reservation . lillian study bim a moment , then nod and turn aad down the hallway . she suddenly begin to move very < — _o 201 102 103 '' revise 11.8.76 continue faster . the screen become a blur as - lillian turn a / 38 ict corner , and walk even more swiftly down another corridcr . int . eotel imperial dine room - ( 1934 ) a viennese orchestra play a bubbly rendition oz " you " the top '' . niget int . hoyel losby - angle on lillian - night rez nae as she move to the desk . the bellman carrias she well - - wear suitcase . the desk clerx watch she approach . we near music in b.g. desk clerk ( quick , efficient . overly polite ) so good to have you with we , frauleia . '' lillian who make this reservation ? desk clerk . ah yes , herr von fritsch , fraulein hellman . he want I to tell you that everything be arrange and you will be cemfortable and well . ee hit the bell on the counter . lillian be herr von fritsch in the hotel ? desk clerk no , fraulein , he be rot . lilliay do you know where I can reach this herr von fritsch ? dese clerk I do not know , fraulein . de and he go very quicxly . ( to bellman ) dreihundertundsecss .. come 103 104 105 continue , the the bellwan take the key from the cléke . bellman dreihundertundsechs ( to lillian ) bitte schon , bitte sehr . he march off with she bag . lillian hesitates , then follow through this elegant lobby . int . HOTEL dine 200m - night the string orchestra continue to play " you're tee top " . hold on they . cuT to int . hospital corridor - day ( xobning ) 1 lillian about to enter the ward . nurse no.2 nove to she . she speak in broken englisa . ' nurse she be rest from the operation . you. will please come tomorroyv . she turas to go . lillian what operation ? but the nurse be move away . lillian nove aiter she . lillian what operation ? nurse she be rest . lillian I want to know what you be talk about . nurse ( continue to move ) come tomerrow , please . '' tty -— with 105 106 197 109 revise 7.7.76 40 continue lillian be not there someone who speak English ? what 's wrong ? what operation ? lillian hesitates then turn and move towards the ward . but the nurse too have turn and call sharply . nurse come back tomorrow ! lillian no ! I will not come back tomorrow . I will wait right here . the nurse have go . lillian remain in the corridor . look toward entrance to ward , then take out a cigarette and move to stand against the wall of the corridor . ligat she cigarette . turn and look out window . her p.o.v. = angling past her - day we see a area surround by uniformed men . she stare a few moment , then sit on wooden bench . dissolve int . eospital corridor - dusk lillian still on bench , still smoking , she 's veary . smash out ner cigarette . in the ashtray . already 2112 . with she other cigarette butt . then she turn and locis out of the window again . a nurse walk by and int the ward . lillian seep ter eye on where the nurse enter . , dissolve int . corridor - lillian dozing on wcoden bency - night + : ste awaken as the door of the ward open . a nurse appear and seckon to lillian . she get up sod xzove quickly toward the nurse and into the ward . delet=o lt revise 7.7.76 41 ; 110.0 «int . hospital ward ~ niget '' dis lillian move slowly toward julia 's bed . the young ecy bring lillian a stool , just as he do before . 111 closer shot - lillian and julia ~ night lit the little boy carefully turn julia ' 's head to lillian . jolia 's right leg be no longer on the platform . she look at lillian with the one : expose eye . then sne raise she arm and touch lillian 's hand . lillian stare nat colia 's Hand , then julia tax she hand away and point to ber mouth , indicate she cannot talk . lillian . nod . jolia raise ner hand toward the window , point outside she make a push movement with she hand . lillian try to understand . julia 's one eye stare at lillian . lillian lean in closer . . lillian I do not know what you mean . silence . julia 's eye continue to look toward lilliay . 's then the eye - lose . it remain close . lillian icox at the bandage head . julia' voice ( 0.8 . - age 13 ) come to my room say the blackmailer and you may have possession of the filn . tight on lillian - night it rarr ray bv leek at julia 0.s. lillian' voice ( 0.8 . - age 13 ° dee she go ? lillian continue to look at julia . than she seem sleep . still on the stool , she lean back against the wall ant leok down . cyt to 113 revise 25.8.76 42 ketch ~ sailing off a massachusett shore ase ( 1921 ) - dar lillian and julia ( age 16 ) on deck . they have to shout to be hear . again we hear django 's guitar strumm " hot lip " - =- but * sloy , romantic . julia she and she lover arrange +o meet on a lonely country read where he take she in he arm and kiss she passionately . lillian good . : julia - her husband be Richard Arlington , . the Colonel of the twenty - fourth cavalry commanding Fort wallace , gut even so , she need to be kiss . lillian I like it . julia . but someone be there , hide in the tree . someone who want she madly . and he take a photo of the illicit kiss . lillian what happen ? julia come to my room say the black - mailer , and you may have possession of the filn . lillian do she go ? : julia at 2.a.m . and when she get to bis room , the blackmailer be dead , - murder in he own bed . the photo of the illicit kiss still in he hand . . lillian what do she dc ?. — wr - ~ee 113 . continue int revise 25.8.76 43 julia she take the photo and ruas from the room , but she 's catch on the way down the stair . the police arrive anc she 's arrest and charge with murder . lillian there must be a trial . julia oh , yes . 's a long one . and she 's convict . guilty . lillian and the real killer never try - .to save she ? julia never ! and she husband , Richard Arlington , disown she . lillian what about she lover ? julia he join : amonastery . lillian what happen to she ? quick CUT to i214 hospital ward - angle on lillian - night al a nurse shake she awake . lillian be startle . 114° o~ , 's , oo ' ' ' yo 1 a7 '' : a ' J ye , 115 . 116 117 revise 11.8.75 44 coatinue be lillian ( quick ) what ! she look at the bed . empty . lillian where be she ? nurse treatment . lillian ( stand ) t be something wrong ? nurse ( sharp ) no. treatment . tne nurse move away . lillian look around the vard . , ext . bospital - niget ut uniformed men in b.g. lillian have '' just leave hospita > and be move along the sidewalk . she look around i : every shadow . move quickly . ext . hcspital - new angle - niget favour the little boy from the Hospital . young boy fraulein ? she turn . de hand she a note . wider angle re lillian look at the boy . . lillian who give you tois ...? the boy stare at she , hesitates as iz to answer , ' ner bew and suddenly run and disappear in the shadow . — < 43 118 tight on lillian : : al. lillian watch he go then stand alone against the siic of the building . she read the note . julia' voice ( 0.8 . ) ( short of breath , hurried ) ' go back to Paris fast . leave you address at the Hotel . they will take I now to another place . some - thing else ig need . Love , Julia . ' lillian look up , frighten . Zverything seem teo quist now . lillian' voice 's ( 0.s. ) I return to Paris and wait to bear from Julia , but no word come . we begin to hear a typewriter . cur to 123 int . paris HOTEL roch - day ile angle cn lillian type , try to work , out she 's nervous , she thought elsewhere . her work papers scattered about . cuT to 120 another angle - lillian - night ase on she bed . she can not sleep . suddenly , she get up , put on a robe and move out of the room . 121 int . HOTEL corridor - wall phcne - lillian - night la : on the phone . lillian ( into phone ) what do you mean ? ... what ? ... please speak clearly ... I cau*t understand you . a woman pass through the corridor . lillian un mement ... a moment ... a moment ... ( quickly to yoman ) do you speak german ? ... parlez deutsca ... woman ( shaking she head ) non. 46 121 centiaue lillian ( back to phone ) allo ? ... hello , hellc ... un moment . she turn and look around . a old man ( Middle -european ) be enter he room . - uilllan monsieur ? parlez deutsch ? ( into phone ) wait , please ... warten , bitte ..- ( to Old man ) parlez deutsch ? ' he old man smile , extend he arm . old man ( very alive ) oui ..- cut :to 122 anoteer angle - the old man on the phone - night lillian be at bis side . lillian they have to have she same , tell +hem I be there , I see she . old man ( to lillian ) they say she be never there , madame. ( into phone in german ) look again , please . she be there ... ( listen , then to lillian ) no , Madame , she be never in that hospital . lillian but I see she there . they have to know where she go . old man Madame , they do not even know the name . lillian take the receiver . ln. a if ) 'w to ivy revise 7.7.76 a7 continue i2 lillian ( into phone ) hello ... hello ... ( jiggle phone ) bello ! she hang up . look at the old man . he take out a packet of cigarettes . ofzver she one . he smile at ber . she take a cigarette . the old man light it . as he do , have hear type again . 5 cur to rt. beacz house ~ ( 1935 ) - day 123 lillian at the typewriter the bathrobe and white sock . a heavy sweater under she bathrobe . hammett be not there now . lillian 's be : exhaust , but eager . she continue to work . she reword something . she read it . she retype iz . she light a new cigarette . she get up , pace the room . she move to she desk . she pick up a page . read it . she 's disturb . she sit down , scratch something out . put 2 new piece of paper in the typewriter . begins to work , taen ' stop . she stare out of the window . lillian ( call ) it 's go to snow , hammett ... ( pause ) hammett ? ... no answer . she look towards the door . then she move pack to the typewriter . deleted 224 another angle ~ night i th ' lillian be sit ina chair in she bathrobe , eat a sandwich , a bottle of beer next to she . she seez optimistic . 's she put the half - finish sandwick on the catl : refilis she glass with beer , move with the beer to the ° typewriter and start to work again . camera begins to pan the room to show its disarray . the feel be that she 's be through some great wa > and as we sear the type - writer in the b.g. , we should get the feel that she 's into the last , win tattle . 125 127 1233 129 139 ag continue las as camera move in on the page in the typewriter and as lillian bit the key , we see the word " the end ' appear . close on lillian 126 she stare at the page then she type the word ' tee end 's ' again , aod thea again ... and again . . int . beach house - close on lillian - day 1 to ~ in she heavy sweater lie on a couch , she eye close . kmee pull up . pan to window through which we see hammett bundle up , sit outside on the porch read a script . angle on lillian 128 she open she eye , sit up , wait a moment , then stand and move to where she can see sammett throug the window . she look for a cigarette , find one , light it . ext. beach house - day 123 hammett , as he continue to read . finally , he close the script , and he just sit there . we can only see the back of he head . ext . beach house ~ day 136 lillian move out , carefully close the door $ 0 it we a't bang . she move along the side of the house and approach hammett , stare at he , kmow that he be aware or be she wait another moment , then sit in a chair . she wait . finally , he turn to she . then gently : bammett you want to be a serious writer . that 's what I like , that 's what we work for . I do not know what 's happen , but tear that up . ( pause ) it 's not that it 's bad , it 's just not good enough , not Zor you . 4 $ 131 hold on lillian be : ~~ she close she eye . silence . ' 132 int . lillian 's workroom - ( 1935 ) - night 2 . sig close up typenriter keys as they strixe hard and fas - . , Tre screen fill with cigarette smoke . ' ' lillian' voice shit ! '' '' 133 wider angle 1s lillian type . coffee cup nearby . she be in ker bathrobe again . she stop for a moment , close she eye , lower she head on to the typewriter . a moment pass , then she suddenly sit up and start to type again . camera pull back until we be look at she through the ' . window . | y : finally , she figure be small and alone . her alcneness +s ' absolute as the camera get further away . finally it stop . hold . 134 angle on lillian be a walxing angrily along shoreline towards camera . the boac. on shore , and hammett in b.g . she exit . hold on hammett in distance . he be sit against the boat . a 185 new shot - another area of beac be : lillian sit against a tree . wait . close she eye . open then . take out she cigarettes . put one in she mouth out she 's out o2 match . 136 '' her p.o.v. du : hammett move toward she , the script : ia bis hand . he stor next to she . lillian be : asleep row . he squat down , reach out , ' cuch she hair . he smily as she wake . then , finally : - sammett it 's the best play anybody 's write on in a long time . revise 11.8.76 50 ~~ 136 continue 236 lillian be hesitant , begin to smile but do not quite . we begin to hear distant voice : ' author ' , ' author 's , ' author ' , ' author '. , lillian be you sure ? hammett I be positive . Long pause . lillian but be you sure ? Le . ' he remain where he be and stroke she hair . her smile ! change to a look of worry . the distant voice 0.s. - ' continue . ' 137 long shot 137 lillian , atid hammett walk down the beach . distant ~~ voice : ' author ' , *‘author ' , 'o author ' , ' author ' . i - cut to 138 ° pguer=n 139 140 141 - ' 144 145 147 148 149 revise 2 . .8.76 on dt . sabdi be restaurant - night tay the PRESS be there . open night theatregoer be there . it 's all so jing . lillian enter and be escort to she table . as they pass the table , people begin to stand and applaud she . we hear " bravos™ and a few pretentious spravas " . lillian seem nervous . be be ciose cn lillian Las as she move forward . ' her p.0.y - 146 the glitter ef the people , the crystal , the whole room . then over these sound we begin to hear : young boy' voice ( 0.s. ) ( from Vienna Hospital ) ihre freundin --- ihre preundin .-- for a moment , sardi 's dissolves into exr . entrance to hospital in vienna ~ ( 1934 ) - 47 niget bacx to sardi' restaurant 142 lillian move through the restaurant , tie applause in the b.g. . full shot - all 129 people stand , applaud , reach to congratulat ? lillian . 150 15048 revise 11.8.76 52 angle on anne marie traver move to lillian , give she a hug . anne marie lillian , it be beautiful . you be go to be famous . this be my husband , I make he come down to see it . she try to introduce a man to lillian , but they be separate '' by other people as lillian move deeper into the restaurant . she look q0.8. , react with enormous srelief . her p.o.v . her table feature dottie and alan ( good friend ) - wait to greet she . 151 closer shot - lillian' table as dottie and alan move to she . a highly emoticnal three - way embrace . : lillian just give I a drink and do not leave ae ! some people move into frame to congratulate she . int . sardi be - new area tt be later . lillian at she table . peopte move in and out to congratulate she , stay a moment or two , then move off . but anne marie have invade lilliay and be kneel at she gide and be carry on a conversation , despite interruption by lilllan 's well - wishar . revise 25.8.76 - 33 151 continue 151 anne marie I know Picasso be on the boat . and I be sure he be the figure I see go to the deck . and there in the moonlight who do you think I be face at the rail ? lillian ( she attention elsewhere ) I do not know , Anne Marie , who ? anne marie mitzi dinsmore , can you imagine ? and I think she be Picasso . she 's build like that . can you believe it ? in the dark it be difficult to tell if she be a woman . you know the type . ( a heat ) by the way , I try to see Julia in Vienna , but she would not see not , can you imagine ? I hear she 's lead a strange life , pretend mot to be rich . she 's do some - . thing call anti-fascist work , and not only be she in great danger , sut she throw she money away on whatever she 's do . imagine , decide to live like a pauper in some rundown part of the city . what do you think ? I think it 's imsane . do you ever hear from she ? lillian yes . anne marie do not she drop out of medical school ? lillian * tes. anne marie sammy try to kill hinseli again . I wish he would stop do that . 15 153 revise 25.8 . 76 54 continue lillian . ( get up ) - he will one cay , Anne Marie . anne marie laugh a little uncertainly .- then she finger cone slowly to she tooth , she look at lillian , a siight smile . anse marie y be so happy for you , and you look so slis , and now you be famous , too , lilly . and to think , you nearly become a2 architect . - lillian Excuse 06 . ( to a waiter ) where 's the lady ' room ? deletsd ryt . fhine pcora ~ at the restaurant lillian be very a@runk now , talk louder than necessary dato the phone . lillian , hammett ? I hope I wake you from a sound sleep , do you want tc hear the good news , they think I be win - derful . I be the toast of the town . everybody come and you ..- you have to go to Hollywood ..- I be celebrate , 153 154 155 revise 7.7.76 55 contiaue lillian ( cont ) everybody 's here but you ... of course I be drunk , I have be drunk for two | day , how the hell do you think I get through the night ? ... who 's there with you ? some Hollywood fleozie ? ... no , I will not send you the review ... the second act be fine , you be right about everything , you know that . when be you come home ? ... hammett , be you listen to I ? no 1 do not want to talk in the morning , I might not be famous in the morning , I will be alone in the morning , hammett , and 1 do not want to be alone in the worm , I do not care bow famous I be tonight . full back from the booth show lillian continue to talk animatedly to haiett . but we can not hear she over the restaurant sound . tae light in sardi 's be bright . the crystal glitter az=d there be a air of high celebration . it be ail dazzle . unreal . the picture begin to go out of focus until aii ore can see be glitter . we hear applause again . begin overlap dissct - lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) dear Julia . I send you 4 copy of my play . do you ever get it ? it open on Broadway , just as we always pretend it would , they like it . I only wish you have be there . maybe I would not have have to get drank . I have not hear from you in such a long tine . end overlap disscltye ext . seach hcuse - angle cn rural mailbox - ( 1936 ) day lillian have remove a large pile of aail from the box . be move toward she house , look through the letter . ste open one envelope , take something from it , then raisc tt a the air as she continue toward the house . lillian ( call ) mere royalty , hammett ! 156 / deleted 157 56 wo 138 ext . | the water ~ high angle - long shot tl hammett row away from the shore . lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) I could buy a sable coat , could not I ? hammett' voice ( 0.s. ) if that 's what you want . lillian 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( defensive ) . I have a right to a sable coat ! ( beat ) maybe I ought to give my money to Roosevelt . hammett give she a look . hammett' voice you could do that toc . lillian be vorcs ick say Roosevelt be psychoanalyzed by God . maybe if I could be analyze by God , maybe I would buy myself a sable coat . mn 189 new shot - the fishing '' boat Lee they sit and fish . finally : lillian I would look swell in a sable coat . 180 ext . campsite - night 180 lillian wrap in a blanket . she wear a knitted cap pull down over she eye . both she and eac- =tt be watch a fish fry . we all watebh the fish frving - then , finally : lillian ( quietly ) hammett ... hammett ( eye on the fish ) mmmm ? 181 revise 25.8.76 37 continue 23 ! : lillian ( the confession ) I like be famous . se look up at she then back down at the fish . e a a ext . campsite another angle - night lillian ( continue ) '' you know what happen when I buy the grocery now ? I be famous . I buy mayonnaise , Zammett , and I be famous . I have een invite to Yale and Vassar . i. get mail from people in Idaho , I do not even ksow where Idaho be ! hammett look at she . . lillian ( continue ) . you be not listen to I . hammett I be tistem to you , lilly . lillian I do not want you to think I only care about sable coat . he reach out . touches she gently . : hammett '' I know that ... 163 152 revise 25.8.76 58 continue 161° lillian you know about fame , dash , it never seem to bother jou , this be such a dopey conversation . bammett it 's only fame , lilly , it 's just a paint job . you want a sable coat , buy one . just make sure you know it 's nothing but a sable coat and do not have anything to '' do with write . lillian you will never find anyone who will fish better than I do . ‘~ hammett never . not as long as I live . anne marie' voice ( 0.5 . ~ 1937 ) ... and now you have be davite to Moscow ... what be it , some sort of political thing ? dissolve int . SMALL new york HOTEL cocetail lounge - ( 1937 ) leu Day . lillian and anne marte traver at a table , lillian starias inte ker glass , bored . anne marie do you know about the mcphee boy ... the little one ? he be kill in Spain . imagine have you brother die a Communist . actually , I can not stand up for any of they . I be sorry he lose he life , but I wonder why they rush over there . lillian look at ner watca . anne marie ( contiaue ) nell , I be glad you have time to see I , cillian , you look so very slin . lillian thank you , Anne Marie . revise 29.7.76 : 59 182 continue . ac anne warie ( she finger come to ber tooth ) I be sorry you second play fail . lillian thank you . . anne marie but you know I love you first play . lillian '' thank you , Anne Marie . anne marie ..- and now you have be invite to Moscow ... what be it , some sort of political thing ? lillian ( look at watch again ) not exactly . it 's only a theatre festival , Anne Marie . anne marte but still ! imagine ! Russia ! my God ! of all place ! . cut to 1é3 '' int . tent - night deec hammett and lillian together in a sleep bag . lillian stare at the star through a open in the tent . lillian why will not you come to Russia with I ? hammett I do not want to go to Russia . lillian why ? do not you want to see the Russian theatre ? zammett I do not give a damn about Russian theatre . lillian maybe I '1l go with somebody else . somebody who will take I as I a . ( suddenly she explode ) goddamn it , why should [ be afraid to go to Moscow without you . hammett same reason you be afraid to go to Jersey City . roy a u 166 revise 29.7.76 60 be od the ext . tent - high angle - night angle down through tree . lillian' voice come on , hammett . come with I to Russia . we hold outside the tent and we begin to hear a ship 's orchestra play " when my dreamboat come home " . lillian' voice bammett ? 4 , hold a moment as the music contiaue . build . ext. ocean liner - angle on ship' band - ( 1937 ) = night - ro play a jazze up version of " when my dreamboat come home " . long shot - the ocean liner '' the normandie '' - midnigat sailing about to depart . we can see lillian on deck next to dottie and alan . the noise be tremendous . scream and horn combine with the ship 's band , ton of contetti . Sat. ship' deck - dottie , alan , lillian a67 they 211 hold champagne glass . dottie 's a littie drusk . lillian where be he now , he keep move . alan by the post . lillian do he see we ? revise 1. continue 9.76 81 dottie he 's look straight at we . lillian he 's not wave . he just stand there . : alan ( exuberantly ) let he stand there if he want to . we be go to Paris , lillian ! ' be see that they champagne glass be empty . alay where 's the steward ? he take they glass , move off to look for drine ste * sm ) . smile at a woman as he go . odd be . . dottie ( look after Alan ) he 's look for celebrity . you think he will be sleep with sverz - thing in sight while I be seasick ? lillian dottie oh , well , why should not he . why the hell should not all of we ? lillian ( look at hammett ) he 's wave . look ! he 's wave ! dottie my God ! he 's lift he nat . lillian smile as the band play " goodnighd sweetheart " . 188 tight on hammett hes his hat keld up at the side of bis head . io 169 170 170a another angle - lillian' room revise 11.8.76 . 52 tight shot - lillian 199 look down at hammett . the scream , the toot , the confetti . the ship 's whistle and ' goodnight sweetheart 's and we cannot hear lillian as she lip form : " '' hamsett ! " cut to int . ulillian 's elegant paris HOTEL room ( 1937 ) 170 lillian be on the phone . at one side of the room be she trunk . she be just finish dress . oo lillian {into phone ) well , will you see she ? ... do she live there or do not she ? wi11 you give Julia a message , please ... a message ... coe anyone there speax better English ? ... sprechen better English ? ... no ! I want somebody better than you ... all right , all rignt ... tell she lillian ... lillian ... tell Julia lilly 's in Paris , Hotel weurice . ( we hear someone knock at the door ) tell she lilly will be in Paris for two week and then I be go to Moscow ... bello ... tell she I can stop in Vienna and see she ... the knock continue and get louder . we begin to hear alan 's voice call " lillian " . lillian ( continue ) do you verstehen ... understand ? «+. be you sure you verstehen ? ... hello ? ... I be lose you , be someone on the line ... yes , yes ... tell she ! tell she ! she hang up as the knock continue . by now , she aas mover with the phone to the door . she open it and we see alan '' and dottiz in dinner clothes . * he lillian Jesus Christ , why do not you just break it down . revise 1. i70a contiaue 9.76 t24° alan it 's twenty after eignt , we be due at the Murphy 's for cocktail at eight - thirty . who be you taling to ? ( move to lillian ) you miss a button . lillian ( pull away from hin ) dottie ... button this damn thing . . alan we will be half a hour late and we be suppose to have supper at the rothschilds . lillian . will you tell he to settle down , for God 's sake . dottie he 's afraid he will miss hemingway . ' alan '' . who be you talk to on the phone ? lillian hemingway ? alan he 's come up from Spain . he see invitation on lillian ' 's dresser . alan ( continue ) you have a invitation to Louise de vilmorin' . dottie , do we get a invitation to Louise de vilnorin' ? revise 25.38.76 s28 ms 170a continue ttba : lillian ~~ ( as dottie button , , she ) tell he to get out of nav thiag . , : dottie . get out of she thing , Alan . lillian , ( move out ) hemingway ? alan ' ( as he push ' they out ) . hemingway , and cocteat and he red necktie , and the creme de la creme . dottie ( as he exit ) Way down deep , he 's very superficial . they a°1 leave as the music go up and the door close . cuT to 'w i ~ 171 montage - lillian , dottie & alan - day and night ( partly deleted - to be decide later ) in and around Paris . at a elegant Russian night Club . a official State function , another night Club with frenetic Cuban Band Music and finally at Dawn , staggering out of earry ' 's bar . lillian do not enjoy herself be much as she companion . ( see page 138 for breakdown on montage sequence ) 172 ravise 24.35.76 63 int . paris ho1sl lobby - morning ( 3 a.m. ) 172 lillian , dottie and alan move in . they be past be drunk now . it 's hangover time . alan be in he tuxedo , dottie in a evening gown . lillian in she fur coat and a short evening dress . they move toward the elevator . they stand in front of it , wait for the car to appear . closer shot - all 173 lillian ( exhaust ) '' go ahead up . i'11l check and see if I have any message . she turn and walk back toward the desk . lillian ( to clerk ) hellman , six vingt et un . the clerk look in she letter box , turn back to she . clerk nothing , Madame . she turn away from the desk . 4s she do , a max , mr Johann , get up from a bench and move toware she . he be dress in a ill-fitting suit , and be carry 2 rather well - use briefcase , there be a distinct old world charm about he . he represent something beautiiul that be be destroy . he speak with a german accent . sorann Madame hellman ? lillian yes ... jchann I have come to talk to you about the ticket and you travel plan . lillian what ? Johann 1 miss Julia have ask I to see you . I have the travel folder . lillian oh ... 174 o~ , 's 1 's ' , 17s 1 be ' ' 's ' 's ' ) ! 1 i I ! oo 176 177 o~ revise 1.9.76 64 angle on dottie and alan '' lt at the #levator . it have arrive and they be get in . alan be . lock toward lillian and the man . he watch carefully as the door close . ry back to lillian and Johann lillian what 's the trouble ? something wrong with Julia ? Johann do you think I could have a egg , hot milk and a roll ? I can not pay for it , however . " - lillian of course . she look at he for a moment , still rather disorganise . she look down at she fur and evening dress and then toward the hotel dining room where breakfast be be serve . . Johann _ thank you . he start toward the dining room . lillian move with sx , take off she jewellery , put it in she handbag . int . dine room and they have enter , and the mnaithe D ' be take they toward a table . he eye lillian 's attire with some disd2in . cur to int . dine room att lillian and mr Johann be seat at the dining '' able . tight on lillian open a note . mr Johann be eat a full breakfast . cuillian have half a glass of tomato jurcy before she . she start : to redd the aote . | om revise 1.9.76 as contiaue av julia' voice ( 0.8 . ) this be my friend , Johann . he will tell you what I need . but I tell you ... do not push yourself . if you can not you can not , no dishonour . Love , Julia . lillian put down the note , look up , confuse . mr johan > be eat he egg and roll . though he be obviously hunssy he try to control the appearance of be hungry . Fe smile as if remember something from long ago . he lack : up at lillian . take the note from she , fold it and put it back in he pocket . in lillian : - be something wrong with Julia ? Johann have finish he meal without answer the question . Johann I be sorry I could aot pay fer nyself , but someday perhaps . lillian . yes , I be sure some day . Johann T thank you for the fine breakzast . could we walk now in the tuilery ? -- - oe 177 continue . . 377 lillian nod . josann look around , then with bis napkia he wipe bis dampen brow . he show for the first time a sign of nervousness . he smile again . lillian , still not understanding , try to smile back . ext . the garden of the tuileries - long shot 17s lillian and Johann move along a path . lillian feeliag self conscious in she evening clothes . closer shot - lillian and Johann ui as they approach a bench . we should get the distinct feel that Johann be watch 's to see if they have beer follow . at the bench , he take out he nandkerchier and mop bis brow again . then he lay the handkerchief om the bench for lillian to sit on . she sit . je sit next to she . jobann I can not take long , there be auch to do . so if I be not cordial , you will understand . lillian yes , of course , you be very cordial , I think you be very cordial . jobann you be go to Moscow by way of Vienna . lillian yes . Johann we would like to change you travel plan . we would like zou to travel by way of Berlin . we lillian 7 ? . jobann . you would have to leave immediately . you would need a german visa . you would stay a short time in 3erlir and change train there to Moscow . 179 revise 25.8.76 87 continue im lillian ( take out a cigarette ) you be not be clear . jobann react to some people move up the path toward they bench . lillian take out a cigarette . the people have now pass . she put the cigarette away . Johann we would like you to carry for we $ 50,000 . we think you will be without trouble , but we do not guarantee that . the money be Julia 's money . with it we can bribe out many already in prison . and many who goon will be . 4 business man with a briefcase walk briskly by . jorann be silent for a moment , then continue : Johann we be a small group who work against Hitler . we be of no common belief or religion . the people who will meet you for the money , if you consent be give , be small publisher . we have Catholic , Communist , many belief . do you understand ? . lillian yes . lillian light she cigarette . Johann watch she , avare of she nervousness . her anxiety be grow . sobann Julia say I must remind you for she , that you be afraid of be afraid , and so will do what sometimes you cannot do . that could be dangerous to you , and to we . please do not wry to be heroic . - . 179 revise 25.8.76 63 continue - lillian { ( sbarp ) I assure you I would noever try to be heroic . lillian puff hard on the cigarette . she stare at jobann , lillian could have go and have a drink , please ? . Johann I be sorry time be too short . I be aware you be ill at ease and mot prepare for this meeting . I must repeat we think all will go well , but much could go wrong . we realize that you be not the best person for this mission because you be jewish . but unfortunately there be no one else we can ask . Julia say I must tell you that , but you should know this : if anything szould happen , if the Nazis should arrest you , Julia will use the american ambassador through she uncle John . lillian ( fast and sharp ) she despise she uncle jonn ! jobann Tam to tell you that uncle Joan be now Governor . Julia know he could de of value to we . I be to tell you also Julia 's mother have another divorce and be now depend : too on Julia . lillian what about she grandparent ? Johann I do not know of the grandparent . 1739 revise 24.6.76 69 continue silence . lillian take out another cigarette . jobany watch she light up again . she look at he ag she wave out she match . silence . Johann will you help we ? lillian ( nervously ) I need a few hour ... just to think it through . | Johann , it be best not to be too prepare for matter of this kind . lillian I know that . : Johann '' you must not think too hard . lillian ( fast .... defensive ) I only want to think it over for awhile , Julia would want it that way . finally : - jobaty there be a six - thirty train to Berlin this evening from the Gare du Nord . number five gate . I will be chere . if you agree to carry the money , you will say hello to I . if you have decide it be not right for you -— lillian ( testy ) I have not decide that . I only need time to think it over . jobann «.. iz you decide it be not right for you , then pass I by . otherwise , you will simply say ' hello 's to I . and I will tell you then what be necessary , lillian " helle '! all I say be ' hello ' ? —w vvo~y 1798 231 132 show Johann stand at the dench in front of lillij , ; 70 continue . aie Johann just ' hello 's . lillian where will you be ? sobann do not be concerned . { will find you . she puff more on she cigarette . then : Johann | please , wadame . if you can not do it , do not do it . lillian please stop say that ! after a few moment , Johann look up at the sky . he gtretch . and when he 's through , he put on 2 great gris he look at lillian and rise . sobann . ( a full voice ) thank you for the tour . ( take she hand , bow ) it be a wonderful morning . Ze siss lillian 's hand . ' ext. lillian' HOTEL ise angle up_to show alan and dottie 's wiadow . we can see alan stand by the curtain with a glass . se be lockin down toward the garden . bis p.o.v. = long sect he turn and move away , stop once to smeil a flower . angle favouring lillian , the she remain on the bench alone and afraid . she 's no be self - conscious about she dress . finally , sne get up . move a few foot away then stop , turn and go pack pick up the aandkerchief that Johann have put down . look toward where he vent . 183 184 135 186 137 133 revise 21.7.76 7 her ?.0.V. , 38h Johann be no longer in view . back to lillian , 18 + : with the handkerchief . she do not quite know what to do with it . she look at a litter can , consider throw it in there , but do not . she roll it up and hold it ir ser band , then she take out another cigarette , light it , acc - with the cigarette , she move through the park , smokiag , think . another angle - lillian " 13s walk op the path . julia ( 0.8 . ~ young girl ) lilly , you do not have to come tais way . go down under . Wade across . cuT to ext . a trail in the adirondack mountain - day angle on a fall tree which serve as access from one side of 2 relatively deep ravine to the other . Water rush down che ravine . julia and lillian ( child ) nave approach the tree . they study the pro asd con . lillian with some trepidation . finally , julia move with great alacrity across the fall tree . lillian remain on the edge of the ravine behind she . she be contempls72 the depth . quite clearly she fear be inereasiag . angle on julia Lay on the tree trunk as she reach the other side , she look back toward lillian . ber p.o.v . - lillian , Las stand freeze in the distance . full shot ls we wait a moment for lillian to decide , finally sne w2 " c» she move . carefully , she put one foot on tne log . 1389 190 131 132° 193 =} we continue hee julia ( call out ) lilly , you do not have to come this way ... go dawn under . Wade across . lillian look toward julia , then she make a quick decisis '' step out opto the log and start to walk across . whee she 's less than halfway over , she stand freeze . Fort 2 moment she nearly lose she balance . close shot - lillian . let she look toward julia . . ' ber p.o.v . - julia chet on the other side , wait . look strong and able . mo . seot - lillian to the * she 's perspiriag as she look down at the water beneat ner , then look up ' ag2 iz , and once more step forward . full shot : 19 ag lillian continue on slowly . she zove closer to the other side . finally , she be only a few yard fron make it . she freeze again . we can fael the panicz come on she . she be about to lose she palance and start to get down to she knee , but she slip off the log . as she do , she throw she arm aroune it and ao on for dear life . she be hang beneath the log . julia pull yourself up ! lillian I can not ! sulia hold tight -- just hold tight . julia move out on the log to lillian ; she get down on she knee , then straddle it and grab hold of one bd illian ' 's wrist . julia start to pull she up , out weight be too much , and she be nearly pull oft . ste geab lillian 's otner wrist and yorking together , but not without moment of suspense , they Zinally set lilian up over whe log on she stomach . 193 196 197 198 t continue julia now straddle it ! ... you be not listen to I ! straddle it ! carefully lillian straddle the trunk and julia , hold onto one of she hand , . move carefully backwards toward safety , as lillian slide in ner straddle position after she . rt we i closer shot - lillian and julia as they lie on they side , exhaust . lillian I be sorry . julia it 's all right . she look at lillian like 2 good teacher , smile . julia you will do it next tine . CUT to ext , the tuileries - angle on lillian boe walk on the path . the garden be breathtakiag , but lillian be oblivious to everything around she , even a line of schcolchildren who nearly bump into she as tiey move with they teacher along the pata . cuT to ext . paris sidewalk - angle om lillian , tee move into the people who : zre on they way to work now . she ig totally involved in herself . she cross the street , nearly get hit by more than ope automobile . int. french restaurant - day be . a small cafe . lillian at a little table . cofiee iz bring to she . she drink it . ext . paris STREET - angle on lillian - day hee walxing . 199 - on 200 's 201 , , ! | 1 i i o~ 292 revise 25.8.76 74 deleted da int . german consulate - day mot a long , narrow room , beige . only a picture of Adolf hirler in the centre of the otherwise bare wall . a long , aarrow empty table . lillian at the end of it , sit stiffly . a young german woman sit across from lillian . she acid lillian 's passport , and speak quietly . german woman why do you change you plan ? lillian , it 's a impulse . [ J think it would be pleasant to see Berlin , but I ' think I could stay longer thac a few hour . german woman you be go to Moscow , so regulation permit only that you will bave a transit visa . lillian . why be that ? the woman ignore the question , write on a form , stann lillian 's passport , close it , and slide it neatly ia front of lillian . german woman ( dismiss she ) there you be . cuT to bo int . paris rotel lobby - angle on MAIN desk - dus& lillian stand there . she be overdress to compensate for she iasecurity . she carry a large , overstuize handbag and a small suitcase . the clerk be hand litli+. a envelope . clerk you train ticket , Madame . ~ 202 ' 203 revise 25.8.76 : 75 continue oe lillian thank you . where 's ny trunk ? clerk - it ig on the way to the station , Madame . : lillian do wr and Mrs Campbell get my note ? clerk yes , Madame . lillian nod and turn and start toward the maaico entrauc : . 'o bellboy move aheac of she with she suitcase . she be exhaust , extremely tense , and in she hurry she bump into a woman lead 2 dog and get entangle for a zomec : in the leash before reach the door . when she 's at the door , we see alan and dottie come guy of the elevator wear eveniag elothes . alan lookiag quickly through the lobby . lillian see he , move hurriedly outside . alan see she and point she sut to dcttie , and they move toward the door . ext . HOTEL - duse 2 3 a taxi 2s wait . tune bellboy give tie suitcase to the doorman who be open the car door for lillian , as alan and dottie move outside . alan have take a piece of notepaper from he pocket . he move to lillian who ig half - ia , half - out of the car . - alan you think you can be invisibl2 ? ( take note out of pocket ) what 's this sean , you be leave we , you will Zind we again after Moscow ? - lillian I be in - a hursy , I can not explain now . dottie lilly , what 's wrong ? reviged 25.8.76 76 203 continue 2 lillian nothing 1s wrong . I have change my plan . I have have enough partyiag and I want to leave . alan it 's not like you to be so mysterious , lillian . lillian I have to go - I be late . alan . we will see you to the station , whatever this be about . lillian - no ! I do not need you ! I will write you , I will phone you from Moscow . alan be push dottie into the car . dottie Alan , why be you do this ? alan because we friend lilly 's go berserk . be stuff bimsel Z into the tazi and pull the door close behind he . lillian 's voice ( from inside the taxi ) goddamn it , Alan , you drive : I nut ! dottie 's voice Christ , dear , you would be psychotic a 2 he do not . lillian 's S voice I insist you do not come . taxi drive of 2 . 204 — 295 deleted . revise 25.8.76 : 77 206 ext . gare BU nord - duse 205 ~~ . : the car pull to a stop . lillian , alan and dottie get out , alan take charge . be have lillian 's suitcase . lillian pay the taxi driver . . alan . ( to lillian ) what gate ? where 's you ticket ? lillian take she ticket from she purse . alan grab it . 's look at it . ' lillian it 's gate five , six - thirty . you do not have to come in with I . thank you both . : 's ( she take she suitcase from Alan ) I be already late . now let I do it ' alone or I will miss my train . 4 's , dottie 4 my God , lilly , will you relax . , : : alan a let 's go , let 's go , we will be late . 's : lillian ( grab she ticket from ' Alan ) : give I back my ticket . they move into the station . 207 int . gare du nord ~ nig&t ao7 the station be full . they be move through , lillian carry she suitcase , look around for i jobann . o~ revise 11.8.76 . 78 £08 new angle - approaching gate 5 - sight qe lillian look around . alan lock up nat the schedule board , a clock say 6.25 . , a loudspeaker call the derpartus of the train to Berlin . . alan by way of Berlin . why be you go by way of Berlin ? '' dottie I think you want to see you friend Julia in Vienna ? lillian ( look nervously . around ) I never hear from she . listen , say goodbye to not here . lillian react tc 0.38 . alan it 's all too mysterious for not . you have not even have a day 's sleep . 209 lillian be p.o.v . - nigat yr Johann move she way on the platform toward the gate separate the platform frem the station . 79 back to lillian - night watch Johann . he walk through the gate . alan low up the platform , follow lillian 's eye . alan ( as he look at Johann ) at any rate , do not accept anything put the light grey caviar . '' dottie which be you car , lillian ? alan . be not that the man I see you with in the tuilery yesterday ? lillian shoot alan a look , be about to say something to bin as mr Johann move past they toward the station exit . lillian watch wr Johann . alan be not a friend of yours or something ? wider angle - night qin as stddenly lillian run after mr Johann . lillian Mr Johann . please , Mr Johann . lillian lose she head and scream . lillian please do not go away ! please ! yr Johann turn to look at she . close shot - lillian and mr Johann - night 2 uu she stop , a few yard from he . he stand still for what seem a long time , then he walk slowly toward lilliay . lillian I only want to say hello . hello to you , Mr Johann . hello ! jobann ( a polite nod ) hello , Madame . 80 212 continue a alan have edge closer to he , and be now vehind biz , qwithin hearing distance . the p.a. system be call out departure in the }.¢. dottie move closer . lillian '' ( quickly , she word jumble ) this be Mr Campbell and , uh , that 's , wass parker , ub , and ur Campbell '' . say he see we yesterday in the ' garden , and now be will ask I who | you be and say that he do not know we know each other so , well that you ) would come 21 ] this way to say '' goodbye to I ... 1 oe Johann ' ( calm ) ' I wish I could say that this be . true , but I have come to seek for ny my nephew , who be en route to Poland . he be not in bis coach . ~~ he be late as be he habit . bis name be W. franz , car four , second ¢lass , and if I do not find hin I would be most grateful if you would ! say to he I come . Ze lift bis hat . lillian his name be what ? Johann W. franz ; second class , car four . I be most glad , Madame , we have this chance to say hello . lillian oh , yes . indeed . hello. hell ... hello , Mr jobann . hello ! Johann smile at she , then turn and move away shrouga w¢ crowd . alan move next to lillian . alan what fumny talk . you be talk ~~ like a foreigner . lillian ( sharp ) sorr7 . sorry not to speak as vell as you do in Virginia . revise 24,6.76 8h 212 continue 212 ‘ne train be ready . the steam be tissire and swirl jf a the platform . people scurrying to board . lillian have to go - Goodbye . they all embrace quickly , awkwardly , 43 lillian run to '' lilllan ( to herself ) ~ franz , car four , second class . with e the 213 . angle favouring lillian - sigt at the step of the car . the conductor be there . the steam be up around lillian . Sne trip on the step and fall to she \nee . her purse tip over and some of its content fall pack out onto the platfora . she scrape they up and then she 4s quickly back onto tne ster , and the conductor help she imto tne car , put she 15 limping 2 bit . 214 angle favouring alan and dottie - night 224 watch lillian in the car ag the train start of 2 . lillian turas once for a orief look at they , along with a sick - smile and teen she 's go as if swallow up by something she can not understand . the B oh 12 i ou int . train - 1st coach - corridor / platfory - igt Li move between the car , linp - ske move past a large , heavyset young woman . on the connect platter before she reach the next coach 1s 4 young man , hoidircg a valise and some package . lillian , with ber own suit ~ case and purse , move past he , put before sbe get through : young man Madame hellman ? lillian turn . [ : be & franz , nephew , car four , gecond class . this be my pirthday present from mass Julia . he hand lillian a box of candy and 2 patsox mark : " madame pauline " . then he turas and move off in the direction trom which lillian just come . lillian be le ?t alone with tne hactbox , tre candy , she purse and she valise - she 's not sure gnaz to do for a moment . she 's extremely anxious . she finally turn and contsmue into the nex * coach . 216 217 to be ive 220 rs ) 3 rary 32 the rary on yt . 2 nd coach - corridor - night lillian move through the car , check she ticket envelope and look at the compartment number . she can not find hers . ' the train be get up stean and slowly move from the station . lillian make she way through the narrow passageway . she see 2 fat , dark - coated man come she way . they will have trouble pass one another , when they meet , it 's 2 close , comic fit , put they make it . she continue on . further down the corridor a conductor approach she . lillian get she ticket in front of he . he look at it . point tue othet way . conductor ( in french ) you have come the wrong . 7ay , Madame . he 's pass she and she turn and start pack again , look around as she do . close shot - the hatsox - 2 nd coach corridor - night ww rr ) '' the name ' madame pauline '' 4s prominent as it flor up and dowk , move with lillian along the train passage . int . train platform - night 21 é lillian move through . she stop for some air . then continue . she be still limping . int , 1st coach - corridor - night ais we see the fat man come back now . lillian approach he . they come together . fry to pass one another . this time it be more difficult . the wan start to coug3 . it grow worse . it be a serious cough fit . in order for they to pass , the man take the hatboz , hold it over gis head , continue to cough . lillian keep she eye on the box . the man move on , cough as he disappear _ into the next car . angle on lillian - corridor - ist coach - nig&st 22 % finally she find she compartment . she open the door , leok in . int . compartment - night - lillian be p.0.¥. 22 : cn one of the bench sit 2 SMALL girl , very thin , earryant a cane , a book on she lap . she be in she late vrenty . 222 23 revise 24.65.76 3 int . compartment - night gas lillian enter . she smile politely and the young woman nod , lillian sit down , put she package aext . to ber . she look at the woman who only glance at hey , then look out the window . lillian be extremely nervous . she look down at she knee . the stock be tear aud the knee bruise . lillian now look toward the hatbox and see 2 note have be paste to it . she stare at it a moment , then look to see if the woman be watch . she be not . then she peel the note from the box , open the envelope , she hand ' sremble . she lower per hand so that they rest on ber gurse . she start to read the note , but stop as the door open . the large woman lillian pass earlier on pe train enter . she 4g wear a heavy coat , tightly qwrapeed . she seem out of breath . carry 2 smail valise . she look at lillian and tne other woman , then sit next to che latter . she catch she preath , organise hersel 's , and finally stare out the window . lillian wait a moment , then return to the note . insert - note 322 as we read it , we hear : julia' voice ( 0.s. ) open this box and wear the hat . when you reach the border , leave the candy box on the seat . there be no thanks for what you will do for they . no thanks from I either . but there be the love I have for you -.- juida . back to lillian 224 as she hold the note . she look at the woman . ske lesk at the aatbox and the candy box while the woman ccatzaue + of leok out the window . lillian move abcut in she seat . finally she put the note in she purse and stand up . the tyo women look at she . she smile , rervousl ; . tuea she pick up the hatbex and the candy box and start out . ~ thin girl ( with thick german accent ) this be compartment .. De you not want f? 224 225 226 will be a 8 continue 224 lillian f. yes . I be just go to the washroom . 1 ..- they stare av she . she can not decide what to do . finally : oh ... well ..- perhaps I will not go to the washroom . - ' she half laugh , then put the package down again and sit . nervously . ext , long shot - train in FRANCE ~ nigt 226 train move across the countryside . angle thrcuge window - nigst 126 at lillian look out . the tho other youen look out . lillian turn to look at they . she leck at the door , then back out window . tight shot - lillian - through window - night 227 she pull she paim across she forehead , then she smile politely and look back out the window , just past camera . then she take cut a cigarette . light it . ext . long shot - the engine - niget oes straight at camera . , int . compartment - night 225 the tsin girl still have 4 pook on she lap . untouch . . lillian stare at she cane . a carvad fcx head on che - handle . the large girl be now read 2 newspaper , franefurter ieitung .. lillian look at the compartment door window . a womay with sharp seature , wear 2 green hat pass by . sae look in the glass for a moment . something about ner frighten lillian . then she 's go . lillian relight she cigarette . everything seem to frighten she r0v. 230 o~ | 231 [ = 1 of ~ revise 24.60.76 . 85 ext . train - night 256 it approach a tunnel . int . compartment - nigst . acl suddenly the train be in the tunnel and the sound be thunderous , we remain in the tunnel for what seem a long time . always there 4g lillian 's tension . . still in the tunnel the sound remain thunderous but . then it 's suddenly over as the train leave the tunnel . lillian be terrify . she look at the two women . the hsavy girl be look at she paper . the thin sirl stare at lillian 2 brief moment , then back out the window . . lillian look at the hatbox , the candy box . she look at she purse . she take the note out again . read it . put it back in . wipe she brow again . the train whistle . , suddenly , noisily , the deor open . lillian turn quickly . the conductor be there . conductor ( in french ) first call for dinner . lillian get up quickly , too quickly , then she leok at the tyq women . then she look at the batbox and she candy . then she sit back down . she smile at then . lillian I guess I be not hungry . ( in french ) I be not hungry . the women stare az . she . tne thin girl lock 2t lillian 's sealskin coat . Studies it . thin girl Nice coat . lillian I beg you pardon . thin girl coat . be nice . revise 24.6.76 ' ac 231 continue 5 om . lillian '' yes , yes , nice . my coat ... thank you . thin girl ' warm . what fur it be ? ' lillian '' it 's sealskin . yes , it 's warm . thin girl ' '' ( look at hatbox ) : you hat be also fur ? lillian 1 do not know , I ...- the hat , yes .-> oh , yes ; the hat . she sit paralyse 2 moment . then she take the hatbez , open it . take out the bat , 2 high , fluffy hat oz ? grey fox , 2s both women murmr they admization . , finally : beavy girl , ( german accent ) Nice with coat ? ... you would oo pat on ? lillian hesitates . she look at the hat , then stancs up and prepare to put it on . as she do , she react to something she feeis in the hat 's lining . 222 / deleted 2232 233 : 3 c 254 laagge close up . 23+. lillian 's finger feel the lining inside the hat . something be in it . ie} with on back to compartment - nigatt gs 8 lillian continue to put on the hat . once on , sie look at hezself in the mirror between the two compart ment door . then she turn to the tyo girl . tney smile and nod they head . , 87 be ) a. cw 235 continue girl : abbh ... yes ... 18 nice ... lillian sit back down . heavy girl be pretty . lillian thank you ... - '' mey continue to watch she . lillian I think I will keep it on . they saile at she . then the thin girl look a+ she watch . look outside . suddenly , the heavy girl stand . she tower over lillian and the thin girl . heavy girl ( to thin girl in german ) I will go to the dining car now . I would have some dinner now . you would have sowe dinner with I ? thin ginl ( in german ) thank you , 00 . heavy girl ( to lillian in English ) tt eat now . you would like dinner ? lillian dinner ! yes ! I would , but I do not - know when we cross tie porder and i ... she stop herself . : thin girl the border ... we do not stop tor the border until sorn .. there 's . mich time now . heavy girl . you would come and eat , then ? thin girl ( to lillian ) do not worry of you thing , I sta7 here , I eat nere . 235 ~~~ with revise 24.6.76 33 be qq : continue thin girl ( cont ) ( show hes a‘small pox with she dinner in it ) be too mich money to pay for food on train . heavy girl 1 would not pay , too , but I must take medicine . my doctor tell I I mist take hot food with it , and a glass of wine . you would have a glass of wine with I ? you would tal with I of America ? lillian consider , then pick up she coat and drof it over the candy box . the thin girl watch the move , then - look cut the window . lillian and the heavy gini leave the compartment , lillian look back towards ner seat , as she go . she wear she fur hat . wo a oo int . 1st coach - corridor nigat lillian ' and the heavy girl move through the car . lillian put she hand up to hold she hat on . it be clear lillian do not feel well . int . dine car - night 22 ° lillian and the heavy girl find a table . the car be nalf - full . na waiter move to they with menus , then move cn . lillian look as if she 's fight , cthe feelza of nausea , she lock at the menu , then look up and see the fat man and the woman in tse greey sat sitcizg silentir side by side at a table . beavy girl ( in french ) I think the bisque , and a hal bottle of table wine . ( to lillian ) I think it be the best , the sisque . lillian ( feel 111 ) bisque , yes . 237 229 revise 11.38.76 . 39 continue 237 heavy girl you gee , I must have the hot .-- for the lung . 1 study in Paris . and I get ill , you see . I be at the University and I be not good , my health . I be at concert ... one night ... 1 can not preathe of a sudden . you see ? lillian ( get up ) '' . I wonder ... if you would not mind ... pardon I ..- je malade ... she turn and start away from the heavy girl who watch she carefully . lillian knock 's over 2 glass of water cn a table as she rush for the end of the car . she hold the hat on she head as she leave the car . ryt . 1st coach - corridcr - night — 225 lillian move fast , pass a couple or they way to tne dining car . she hold she hat on . feel dizzy . she see the washroom . turas the knob to enter , but it 's occupy . suddenly the door between she car open and tvyo men enter and move toward she . she press against the washroom door as they approach she . to she , they look be menace . but they pass ber and as they do , the door to the washroom open behind she . she turn quickly . a rather well - dress middle - aged foman move out as lillian move in , pull the door ciose vehind she . int . washroom - niget 229 she sit on the toilet lid , lean forward . she 's preathing very bard , then she raise she head and catch a glimpse of herself in the sirror . tne hat look preposverous . 24c - deleted b43 244 revise 11.83.76 20 int , compartment - night ote as lillian enter . she 's shake . the thin girl eat '' rom she box , read she book . she look up questioninziy . lillian look at she , then at she seat , at the coat drape over the candy box . thin gi3l be wrong ? something ? lillian '' no ... I be just ... I be not hungry ..- thin girl abbhbh ... a lillian lift she coat , see the candy box be still there . she put the coat back , then she sit , rub she sore knee . take off the hat , put it next to she . 92 -~ q44 continue 25 oy thin girl here be food ... if you become } of a bunger . a ) : lillian thank you , but no ... thank you ... | the thin girl read and eat . , - 245 tight on lillian - yight V she look through the compartment door window into the ) corridor . , ' ' 346 shot - tse train - night 2 - . | . racing across the countryside . the whistle blow . | 247 int , train compartment - night 2a7 i the thin girl sleer . lillian , with the hat still on . | stare out the window ... the door swing open . helv ? girl be there . the thin girl awaken . heavy girl you be better now ? lillian I will be all right , thank you . yes. better . I be sorry . heavy girl ( to tain girl , in german ) she be sick . thin girl ( in german ) < _ I know . then silence . ' the heavy girl sit . they look cut the window . the thin girl close she eye again . om 2 2. 49 498 2493 revise 1.9.76 92 angle on lillian - night wat lillian look straight ahead , she body bob back and forth with the movement of the train , she panic grow as the train get closer to border . then she look toward the window . rey eat tigat shct - lillian' reflection through the train window . SOUND of train continue . superimposed over lillian 's reflection , we see lillian and julia ( 17 year old ) run across a field in tke adirondack . julia move gracefully . lillian , behind she , fight to keep up . julia do not slow dewn or ever look back . lillian falis once , get up , laugh . con after julia , still laugh and impressed by julia 's stzanize . ext . a stream . aac lillian and julia ankle - deep in the water , squatting . close sect . bac julia reach into the water , she hand quickly catchisy a fish . angle cn lillian as she watch in awe . ext . adirondace ~ ( 1922 ) niggt 256 julia and lillian under blanket by 2 campfire . julia recite poetry . julia ' thenas in silk ny Julia go , then , then , methink , how sweetly flow , the liquefaction of she clothes . next , when I cast mine eye , anc see . that brave vibration each way free , 0 , bow that glitter taxeth I . ' ( look up , smile ) that 's he tribute to ze . 250 revise 1.9.76 928 with we ao continue silence . lillian look at julia . lillian ( softly ) Julia ? julia look up . lillian ( uarely . audible ) '' I love you , Julia . julia wait a moment , then slowly reach to lillian . she take lillian 's hand and bring it to touch she own face , then she reach she other hand to lillian and as she touch she cheek she move closer to she and they lie side by side . julia 's face against lillian 's . we can see lillian 's eye . hold . . cur to int , tbe train compartment - dawn lillian be doze . the thin girl reach to tap lillian on the knee . lillian look up quickly . we rarr rary thin girl ye will be in Germany . it come now the border . 251 253 is a of revise 24 . continue 6.76 33 lillian look outside into the morning light . she be beginning to grow warm , anxious again . ext . FRANCE - the train - dawn 252 angle on the train move slowly past camera . we hear the screeching sound of the train 's brake a6 train continue : to slow . we see the three woman look out the window . sxt , train station - german border - darn 252 as the train move in . there be custom '' en , police . men with swastika armband . ' the -train be nearly at a stop , the door be veing open . . police and custous yen move . onto the train .. we can see sign with arrow point to custox . int . 1st coach - corridor - dawn 254 people nove through the passageway to get out . int . compartment - dawn ' 255 lillzan leok through the compartment door window now extremely frighten . people move through the car . the tyo girl get up . : : thin girl ( to lillian ) we mst go out now to the check gate , it be necessary for you passport . lillian yes . I will . I have a temporary visa . heavy girl you will need you coat and hat , it be of a windiness . lillian thank you . yes , of course . 255 v a revise 24.6 . /6 bs th a continue in she grow panic and utter confusion she pick up the candy box . thin girl ( suddenly very sharp ) you will bave need of you coat . you hat be nice on you head . a momentary pause , and lillian put the candy box down on the seat . ' then she put she coat arcund she shoulder , pick up the hat and put iton she bead . the heavy girl move out of the compartment . lillian hesitates for a moment , look at the candy box on the seat , then follow the heavy girl . the thin girl move behind she . 1 a a ext , station platform - daw lillian move of2 the train step . the two girl be in a line by the check gate . lillian move towards tren . they be separate from she by a few people . the thin girl drop she purse , ' move to pick it up and as she do so , she get in line directly behind lillian . lillian sense the nove . question it . lillian be next in line sow . thin girl ( to lillian ) if you have a temporary travel visa , it could take more minute than other . it : be nothing . deo not worry . lillian stare at '' he girl . border police officer nackste ! lillian wait a mcment , then step to the table . she hand she passport to the officer . he look through be . look at she to check the picture . look pack at the passport . then up at she again . the thin girl watch carefully . the heavy girl be already through and watch from the side as she light a cigarette . we see the woman in the GREEN hat talkiag to a police officer . 256 continue border police officer temporary visa ... lillian yes . border police officer hellman ... ( pause , look at she , look at she bat ) _ why do you go to Berlin ? lillian Friends . see some friend and ... to see it , I have never see Berlin . border police officer '' not business ? lillian not business , no . border police officer you can not see mich in a day of berlia . you . llian I can only stay a short while . I have to be in Moscow . border police officer what be you occupation ? lillian I be a writer . border police officer ahhh , writer . lillian yes . border folic officer so you would write of Berlin ? lillian oh , no , I would not . bordm police officer perhag you impression , you would write . 256 256 257 43 96 continue . aos lillian my impression . yes , I will write of my impression . the border police officer look up , look at . she hat agaic , then into she eye , then he stamp she passport . border police officer 11 right . thank you very mch , ( call out ) nachste ! lillian move cut of line . the thin girl step up to the border police officer . she smile , suddenly charmiag . lillian start back to the train . angle on lillian at step to car - dawn 2s7 she look around . she see the fat man and another wan look at she . she hesitates , then re-enter the traiza . int . train - 1st coach corridor - dawn 25 . lillian among passenger return to they compartment . we see the custom men in the compartment next to liilian 's inspect luggage . ie} tt a int . compartment - dawn tne door open . lillian enter . the seavy girl be sit down , she ear to the wall , listen to che tre custom men talk good - naturedly to people in < he adjoin compartment . lillian sit down . after she do , the thin girl , move in quickly . thin girl ( to heavy girl ) they take great time with the luggage . heavy girl T know . the custom men be move toward they compartment . the thin girl sit down and as she do she reach for the candy hox on lillian 's seat . she quickly unty che ribbon and open the hox . lillian what be you do ? 259 continue 97 el ) thin giel ( firm ) thank you , most kind . '' I be hungry for a chocolate , lillian sharp ) please do not open that . I 's carry that for a friend , it 's a gift . '' the custom men open the door . they move in . the thin girl be chew on candy , the box open on she lap . heitler .. . the custom men take through it . lillian 's 1st custom man ( in gernan ) . custom , open you bag ! down the luggage . one of they go sg suitcase take longer . they be very careful with each piece and very thorough . the custom man open the hathox , he look into the satbox . then he look at the hat on lillian 's head . the thin girl offer he a fiece of chocolate . the custom man look at the candy but shake bis head . not interested . everything have be neatly replace . tne man salute perfunctorily . they close the door . lillian and the [ wo girl sit quietly for a few moment . the thin gisl put the top on the candy box and slowly , carefully rety the bow with the ribbon . lillian simply watch she . the thin girl put the box back on the seat next <c lillian . no one speak . we hear the train whistle . the steam come up over the window . the scund of man 's deep voice outsice call command ind again . finally , the the train jerk and begin tc move train move out of the station . the two girl lookout the window and then the heavy git : turn and stare at lillian . lillian return the lcok . then the heavy girl and the thin girl exchange 2 lock , then they look back out the window again . lillian look at they both , wait , girl start to cough . then light a cigarette . the seavy ~ leans forward , the cough be strong . lillian put cut she cigarette . the train pick tp speea . 260 ext . tse train - day 2e5 move through Germany . we car hear the haaavyy girl 's cough .. of : et 61 angle through window ~ day at lillian look out rest camera . bo whe ts 262 ext . long shot - train - day move through Germany . a sense of Germany 's pastoral countryside . 263 int . train - 1st coach corridor - day 255 conductor move througo car . conductor ( in german ) Berlin . halt hour. : ged int . compartment - day asa jae conductor open the door and look in . conductor ( in german ) Berlin . half hour . ' he exit . lillian lock at the giris . they sit straight . there be they tension ucw , more so than ever before . lillian sit straight , too . she be ready . ore ready than before . but still very tense . she light anotae > cigarette . 258 ext . berlin train station - day 2558 yauch activity . sombre . steam filis the screen . large clock read 4.45 . $ 66 angle on the engine - as it pass camera 28é the brake apply . the screeching . 367 angle on lillian - dat 267 through the window . tne screeching in ¥.g. she look areurd . look for someone . aga her p.c.v . - the station perscnnel - day with a police . Nazi uniform . ' 272 , ' ) ' ' 272 o~ | . 274 o~ nn a 0 tight on lillian - day again the anxiety . she turn . poll back to show the 7vo girl stand up- wait tor she . she get ner thing together . the candy box under she arm . ext , train platform - day 270 the people await departure . tae train stop now . the door open and the other passengers move out . int . train - 1st coach corridor - dat : 272 lillian move behind the heavy girl and the thin girl . it be very close in there . lillian , claustrophobic . ext , platform - day - be people move toward tne station gate . - people kissing and shaking band ail along the way . lillian and the two girl come out of the train . move down to tae platfora . they move along the platform toward the gate . tight on lillian - day 2 '' 4 q ) she move forvard , carry the hatbox , the candy box , she purse and she suitcase , her coat and hat on . flanke by the two girl . we hear someone call : woman' voice ( 0.s. ) lillian ! lillian ! 's lillian look . angle on a man and yoman - day - 274 both 2 bout fifty . they be move ' coward lillian . tue : toman powd out she arm and exclaim as she approacire woman lillian , how good it be to see you . how naughty of you not to stay more than a few hour , but even that will give we time for a nice visit . > thin girl ( quickly to lillian ) give she the candy box ! 274 we a aoe continue lillian I be so glad to see you again . they embrace . I have bring you 2 small gitt ... gift ... . but the candy box have already be take from she , and lillian be be move by the man . new shot - lillian and the man - day 7h lillian leck around as she and the man walk through the crowd toward the gate . . lillian 's p.0.v . - the tno girl and the wouan - day s7€ all move away , quickly , in different direction . the woman with the candy box peneath she ara . angle on lillian and the man - day 277 as they move . with a slight movement of he head , she man indicate the side entrance . man go through that gate . i* will lead to the side entrance . when you get outside you be to look rectly across the street . you will see a restaurant call Albert 's . you will cross the gtreet and go into that restaurant . ( louder ) good luck . enjoy yourself . pleasant to see you again . the wan move off , leave lillian alone . for a momen= she leok toward the yan move away . . ' then she turn and look at the gate . then she look back at the man . then with grow anxiety she just stand there and wait a moment and catch 2 deep breath . she start for the gate . camera move with she and follow ber to the gate , through it , to the side entrance of the station . ext . STREET at side entrance of staticn - dusk avs she look acress the street as she be direct . 231 283 235 2.0l lillian 's p.o.v. across tse STREET - duse > ny ' 2 we can see ab electric sign read '' albert be " . not L a back to lillian - duse she move slowly , anxiously across the street . finally , at the other side , in front of Albert 's , she look into the window , but it be not possible to see anyone inside . she move to 4 revolve door . a group of people be come out . she have to wait to catch a slot in the door . she do and she push the door in . it be difficult sith the hatbox and she small suitcase , int . albert restaurant - niget i3 % lillian appear out of the revolve door . she stog she look around . suddenly , she react to something ¢.3 . p.0.¥. - julia - night : 382 sit at 2 table at the rear of the restaurant . she - ts look at lillian . lean against the wall bebine she chair be two crutch . a drink be on the table . cigarettes . angle favouring lillian - night 2ac frozen . she only look . angle favouring julia - night 284 she smile . she raise one hand . lillian slowly move toward julia . closer angle - lillian and julia - night be lillian closer to she now . for the first time she see the crutch , julia take she sand . lillian 's eye beg - 2 to tear . they do not speak . lillian look agaic at the '' crutch , then she sit next to julia . julia contisue to nold she hand . lillian can not speak . then finally : julia Fine , fine . lillian study she , lock at the crutch . 238 continue pause . 102 ws a julia I have order caviar . we will celebrate . Albert have to send fer it , it will not ' se long . look at you . ob , just look at you ! lillian ( whisper ) tell I what to say to you . julia it 's all right . nothing will happen aow , everything 's fine now . lillian I want to say something . julia I mow . lillian eow long do we have ? julia . not long . lillian you still look like nobody else . ( pause ) why do you bave the crutch ? julia ( quickly ) I have a-false leg ! lillian what ? sulia I have a false leg ! lillian no ! I do not want to hear that . De not tell I that ! . jolia ( sharp ) no tear , lilly . lillian I be sorry . revise 1.9.76 285 continue julia it 's do . it 's what it be . lillian when ? julia - you know when . you vere there . in Vienna . . lillian : tl do not want to bear about it , please , just let I look at you . . sulia you have to hear about it , you have to hear about everything . ( take lillian 's hand ) . you finger be cold , here ... she begin to rub lillian 's hand . lillian they take the candy tom . a aan and a woman . julia that 's right . everything 's fine and what I want you to do now be take off you hat , the way you would if it -- lilly , listen to I , you be not listen . 103 t roy ' ~~ |: revise 25.8.76 104 285 continue 285 lillian I be listen , I be . julia take off you hat , as if it be too not in here . comb you hair . put you hat on the seat between we . do as I tell you ... make conversation ... it have to be this way . . lillian look around the room . then she look at julia . she take off the hat . julia ( calmly ) . who be you with in Paris ? good friend ? . lillian . yes. good friend . but they do not ' mow anything about this . she put the hat on the seat between then . julia get you comb . lillian comb ... she reach for she purse . open it . look for the conc . the purse be full . lillian I still carry too much . julia ( look in purse ) there it be , take it out and use it . lillian take out the comb . start to comb she bair back . jolia xeep talk to I . 1 read you play . do not look down . look at I . be natural . you look so very well . during this julia bas pull the hat into she open coa* . then she will proceed to pin it deep inside the linizg . revise 25.8.76 105 of ~ 285 continue lillian do you like it ? my play ? julia I be proud of you . it be wonderful . lillian but my second play fail . julia '' T know . I hear . be you - write ' '' you third ? ° . jf lillian : T be write it . , julia | ) now , I be go to the toilet . you . come with I . [ for the waiter try : ' to help I up , wave he awayz . I julia reach tor she crutch . lillian go to heip i julia — _ I be all right , I can do it . if 1 | '' have more time to practise , i would not need the crutch . but this leg do not fit properly . come along . Act gay . can you act gay ? lillian try to laugh . lillian no , I can not act gay . they start on , toward the washroom . we can see a man , albert , bring caviar , wine to they table . jolla what 's you new play about ? lillian I do not know . I be not sure yet . shall I come- with you ? yolra { in german ) : ( be caviar - to Albert ) tnank vou very much , Albert . % a er . 285 106 continue lon they reach the washroom door . lillian shall I come in with you ? . julia no , the toilet door will lock . if anybody try to open it , then knock very hard and call to I . but I do n*t think that will happen . jolsa open the toilet door . move in . as the door close , she crutch be at a wrong angle . it get catch . she sul :. irritably at the crutch . there 's some humiliation in <n gesture . the door close . lillian wait outside vhe '' some people be move in to be seat . one of they be cr . fat man we see on the train . he be alone . ke nove to small table against the wall aad take a newspaper fren he side pocket . . lillian look toward they table . the wine aud caviar nave be place on it . she look back toward tha fat man at he table . she look at other '' ace . they ali " seem ' to be look at she . the door- to the toilet open . julia move to . she smile at lillian . she start slowly back toward they cable . as they go : jolla the german public toilet be always clean . much gleaner than ours . particularly under the new regine . ( under she oreath ) the bastard . the murderer . new seot not as they sit . julia nearly lose she balance . but - manage . lillian next to she . the waiter come to reur the wine . julia smile , act '' gay '' . julia ( in german ) ( to waiter ) be not we fancy people . maybe you will start stock caviar from here on . 286 revise 25.8.76 107 continue 2k waiter ( in german ) we do not want to serve caviar , we 'li all have to be too polite . they 2 Zaugh and the waiter move away . julia slip the hat from under 's she coat , back onto the seat . jolia nothing will happen now . we be all . right now . I want you to know this . you have be better than a good friend to I . you have do something important ... it 's my money you bring in . we can save five hundred people , maybe . if we bargain right , maybe a thousand . lillian Jews ? julia about half be Jews . political 's people . Socialists , Communists , plain old Catholic dissenter , Jews be not the only people who suffer here . but that 's enough of that . we can only do today what we can do today . and today you do it for we . she drink some wine . lillian drink too . do you need something stronger ? lillian no , julia ye have to talk fast zo0w . there be a't much time . lillian Zow much ? . some people move by . julia . a few minute . ( louder , to be hear ) you must have some picture for I . De rou have a picture of hammett ? revise 25.8.76 108 N in 286 continue lillian yes , yes , I do . ( open she purse , wallet ) one . I have one picture . julia stiow I ! lileian I write you about he . do you get that letter ? do you get ny letter ? julia some . ( look at snapshot - speak loud ) ahh , this be hammett ! be he the one we dream of ?. I like tne face . tell I what he be ? lillian he 's remarkable , and difficult , and it be not simple together . I can not @escribe he . he 's a extraordinary kkind of american man , I want you to meet hin . julia I want to . lillian when ? julia soon. lillian : how soon ? '' rno j ) | revise 25.8.76 109 286 continue af julia I will be come to New York : . lillian when ? . julia a few month . my leg be clumsy . I need a better one . ( laugh ) my God , lilly , be we have this conversation ? lillian - just come back , I do not care about the conversation . : julia there 's something else . I will need you to do something else ‘or I . lillian you know I will ... what ? julia wait . then , quickly : julia T have a baby . pause . lillian be stunne . ' julia do not speak . sh : smile , touch lillian 's face . lillian try aot = ery , lighting a cigarette tumble with / it . finally : revise 25.8.76 110 286 continue julia - she 's tat and she 's handsome and she 's very healthy . she 's not even one yet . can you imagine not even be one yet ? lillian yes ... ~ sulla and I do not even mind that she look like my mother . lillian . where be she ? julia she 's across the border in alsace in a town - near Strasbourg . she life with good people . the man be a baker . remember we use to want to live in a bakery ? I can see she whenever I can cross over . but she should not be in Europe . '' it be not for baby this day . lillian when can I see she ? what 's she name ? ( pause ) lilly . lillian be obviously very move , she do not speak . Close to tear . julia when I come to .. New York fcr ay leg , I nil bring she with not . I want to leave she with you . you be the only one there I can trust lillian I will take care of she . you know that . > ) | | revise 25.8.76 lil 286 continue they be julia I will not stay away long . I can not last much longer in Europe . the crutch make I too noticeable . there will be plenty of money . you will not have to worry about anything . lillian I do not care about that . you know that do not matter . sulia and you do not have to worry about she father , he do not want any ~- thing to do with she . or with I . a medical student I know . I do not know why I do it . but I know i want to . maybe.a person fisally need they own blood to be more courageous . and , oh God , but we need such courage ’now . all of we . quiet another moment . then : lillian ( quiet rage ) what be it ? why be it like this ? julia ( study lillian a moment ) be you as angry 2 woman as you be a child ? lillian iotry not the be . it be not easy . : julia I lise you anger . do not let people talk you out of it . julia react to o:s . 12 to revise 25.8.76 112 296 continue ase julia the man who will take care of you have just 's come into the Street . lillian but we have not talk . we have have no time . I need more time . . julia now I want you to stand up . take the hat ... listen to not . put the nat back on , and then say goodbye to I and then go . walk across the street . lillian have become visibly upset . the man will see that you get on the train safely . someone else will stay with you ' till Warsaw tomorrow morning . he 's in car a , . second class , compart - _ ment thirteen . Zweite klasse . say it ! : " lillian Zweite klasse . julia compartment 13 . abteilung dreizern . say it ! . lillian abteilung dreizehn . I do not want to leave you . I want to stay with you longer . sulia no. something could still_go wroag . we be not sure who anyone be anymore . 113 continue . 28e a n 7 lillian I will have room for liliy . I will try to make it wonderful . jsulia I know you will . put the hat on ... lillian , put the hat on ! lillian wait for a beat , then put cn the hat . as she do : * write to I - from Moscow to american Express in Paris . someone sick up for ze every few week . ( take lillian 's hand aod raise it to she lip ) oh , yes ... ob , yes , my belovec triend . she kiss lillian 's hand . another pause , then julia bring ber hand down . julia leave ! ... ( sharp ) leave ! - 2a lillian get up quickly as if power by something outside of herself . 287 wider angle - night a a lillian turn and move to door . when she get there she * stop , tusn , look back at julia , wro be hold ser glass of wine . lillian seem to take a small step towarc ger , julia quickly shake she head , look at another paz of the room . lillian turn and move out through the revolve door . 288 ext . the STREET outside albert be - night '' a lillian alone . her purse , the aatbox . der small bag . she ? look up and down the street . then she look acress the street at the station entrance . she cross . ' uch traffic . in she confusion ske have to dodge a few car . be strand a moment in the middle . suddenly 4 man be at she side . he take she arm . she look at bin ane tie continue to the station . 238 revise 24.6.76 lid int . train station - berlin ~ niget 23 angle on lillian and the man walk on the platform . alongside the train . they pass car B , reach car 4 . ( german accent - very alive ) take care of yourself . my best to everybody . lillian . yes . thank you . my best to you . he nod and turn and go . lillian board . then she turn om a impulse and call out : lillian my very best to you . he look back , smile , raise he kand and move away . 290 angle 's on lillian - night , , aso she turn and move into the train . 291 int . train - night . sg . 399 lillian move through the can >. she pass compartment 13 . she look in . we can see a young man sit at the windew , a paper in he lap . Ze be blow he nose . ee do not look at lillian . lillian continue on . wheo she 's go , the man look toward the door . new shot - lillian - nigat acc in the passageway . a conductor appear as she find she compartment . conductor fraulein hellman ? lillian yes ? conductor you will be asleep when the border be cross to Poland . put here you luggage for the custom . I will not wake you . 2 a ut to fed ) S 2 2 revise 11.8.76 115 continue aan lillian yes , fine , I will . conductor you have a trunk ? lilelan . in the baggage compartment , yes . a green trunk . '' conductor I would need the key . lillian yes , yes , of course . ( search she purse ) here you be . conductor thank you . he move off . knock on thes mext compartment coor . lillian look after he a moment , then go in . deleted : ae tee train - night 294 as it travel across Germany . int . lillian' compartment ~ night 2 will om lillian in she berth . eye open . we hear the wheel on the track . lillian turn and look at the hat sit cn a narrow shelf . tight on lillian in the berth - night age : jolia' voice ( 0.3 . ) the bastard . the murderer . revise 29.7.76 136 296 continue 20 sammy' voicz ( 0.s. ) she 's turn into a wild socialist , give away all she money . silence . lillian turn on she side . remember . we hear the tinkle of a piano . 297 int . small paradise - harley ~ samny and lillian 297 ( 1930 ) = niget a harlem speakeasy . sammy with a great number of drirk '' in bim . lillian sit politely across from kim . she be sloshed . ee sit sprawle , he arm fly about as he speax . Jazz combo in b.g .! sammy I be with Anne Marie in Vienna . I be really in elba mest of the time , I be do a book on napoleon . I trte to kill mysel ? in elba . ' lillian you have be . do that for year , sammy , I do not think you should continue with napoleon . why do not you try the wright Brothers , or try one of they , try orville . sammy ( lean in ) what about marriage ? lillian what about it ? sammy stiil a virgin ? why do not zou marry ny brother eliot ? lillian sammy , I have to go now . saiosy '' you be afraid of I , you still think I want to get in you bloomer , God , lilly , if you marry eliot I would be you brother - in - law and Anne Marie would be you sister - in-law . lillian sammy , it 's tco late for horrer storey . you drink tco muck . revise 29.7.76 117 297 continue 297 - samuy you be always so tough on Anne Marie . what do she ever do to you ? she 's really warm and passionate . ask I , I know . by the way , she see you old friend , Julia . lillian where ? sammy '' in Vienna . she 's turn into a wild socialist , give away all she money . lillian you tell Anne Marie I do not want to hear attack on Julia 's belief or Julia 's life . not from . you sister and not from you . ( start to get up ) geodbye , sammy . sammy ( take she band ) aw , come on , lillian , Anne Marie do not hold ill thought . you understand about relationshios , why Anne Marie and I be a battleground all we life and here 's something you do not know : on my graduation day my little sister cry like a infant . she take my arm and kiss I and give I a tender touch and within aiaute , within minute , lillian ... it be dose . what I want to do for year . she have the same idea I have . all tuck up inside ber someplace . and to this day , of all the gizis I ever have , my sister be the best . she be thrill , lillian . and do I ever suspect what she have in mind ? not for a minute . . ( smile ) of not look at I like that , she be sixteen . she 's very complicated . come on now you be so siick , so unruffled . you have no right + 6 put up you sose . you life 's no clesed@™ take . no one be scott free , you know . after all , the whole world «news about you and Julia . revise 29.7.76 118 297 continue lillian what do the whole world tmow , sammy ? sammy qbbh ... lillian what do the world know ? sammy ohbhhh , do not be that - way . ( smell the centre - piece rise ) '' I be a sophisticated man . if anybody understand the sex urge of the adolescent girl it 's I . do you know that in Paris the woman be wear watch around they leg . Little garter with timepiece in they . 297 298 300 301 continue ae as he speak , lillian stand up , lean across the table and with lightning speed slap he face , he chair fall aver and she push the table over on top of hin . int . train compartment - angle on lillian - mcrning ae asleep in she berth . the train be pull into a station . a knock on the door . she sit up . look past the draw : shade . it be morning . the knock agaiz on she compastze : door . she get out of the berth . cpen the door , look out . the young man who be in compartment 13 and sit at she table be there . young man ( English accent , bright - and rosy ) good morning ! just to say goodbye to you , and have a happy trip . ( very , , very softly ) you trunk be remove by the Germans . last night . they keep it . they must be suspicious . but you be in no danger . you be across the border . you be in Warsaw now . do not retura from Moscow through Germany . Travel another way . * ( he bight voice again ) my best regards to you family . take care of yourself . wrap up well . not to worry . bye-bye , now ! int . yrain compartment - day oo young man move briskly away from camera , ext . long shot =< poland - day , mf the train move across countryside . outside we can sce Polish farmer at work . int . compartment ~ day oe lillian be sit by the window . deep in think . we begin to hear Shakespeare 's hamlet speak in Russian . - eamlet '’s voice ( 0.8 . - in russiss . T will be with you straight , go a little before . how all occasion ¢o infora against I , and spur my dull revenge ! 301 302 303 304 120 continue 20 hamlet' voice ( cont ) ( 0.s. + in Russian ) what be aman , if he chief good and market of he time be but to sleep and feed ? a int . theatre ~- moscow - night side angle from wing . hamlet in f.g. heavy prosceniua arch . a segment of the russian audience in stall sugge '' the theatre be pack . lillian be in a box with she official party . hamlet ( in Russian ) ... a beast , no more . sure 's be that - make we with such large discourse look before and after , give we not that capability and godlike reason to fust in we unused . int . theatre - close shot lillian - night her eyelid heavy . she be bored , she stifles a yawn . hamlet ( in Russian ) .». now whether it be bestial oblivion , or some craven scruple of think too precisely on than event ~-- we begin to hear other sound over hamiet 's speech . heavy footstep . boot . running up step , across wooden floor . the sound of a door be push open . viaclently . suddenly lillian come wide awake . she look over she shoulder as if someone have call ber . int . dark room - night ro} to we see grey figure . converge . men enter a rocz . grappling . Shots fire . < a knife expose , it slashes down hard . one figure stumbling , other figure nove in on it , the figure , limping , try : to move away . but tne knife cut cruelly into flesh again , and the figure fall and other figure move around it and 72g47 of ? the murderer . ( over all this begins a deep , sombre , musical not 305 306 307 ~ 309 310 2a int . theatre - night 305 angle on the audience , stand . applaud . sombre ncte continue . int . theatre - night sue angle on hamlet and the troupe on stage . applaud . sombre note continue . int . rotel corridor - night a lillian say goodbye to a group of friend . get ner «er from a woman floor supervisor . she move toward she dc lillian open she door . look in . turn on the ligt . she react . sombre notz stop . - '' ber p.o.v. : . 302 her trunk be in she roon . int . HOTEL room - lillian look at the trunk . she close the door . then she move to the trunk . the key have be attach . she :s about to open it when she react to something 0.5 , angle at the dcor there be a message , a cablegram . lillian move to iz . pick it up . start to open it . but tnen she ston . the dark , musical note resume in b.g . it grow gracuall > louder , fuller . she look apprehensively at tae enveicre . she start to open the envelope agaia . int . lillian 's room = nigat sil Dark . we can barely see where we be . a open cablegram and come to lillian sit in ac on the far side of the room . as camera move toward 2 ear : man' voice ( 0.s. ) Julia have be kill . please advise Moore 's funeral Home whitechapel Road , London what disposition . uy sorrow for you ... . we be moving in close on lillian . Sue have be drink . she look off , revise 11.8.76 122 311 continue . man' voice ( q.s. ) my sorrow for all of we . sign John Watson . camera stop . hold on lillian . . julia' voice ( 0.5 . ) ( Young girl ) I see a gua . lillian' voice ( 0.5 . ) . ( Young girl ) I see a gun . a handsome soldier ig go to shoot it . dissclve to 312 '' ext . adirondacks ( 1922 ) . day a relatively steep hillside , open , free ef tree . lcng shot julia and lillian ( as young girl ) walk towards the top of the hill . they be silhouett against the skyline . 's julia I see a gun and a handsome soldier be go to shoot it but it will not shoot . lillian T see a gun and a handsome soldier 1s go to shoot it but it will not shoot and the brave , handsome soldier say , ' I need another gun ! 's julia I see a gun and a handsome solcier be go to shoot it but it will not shoot and the soldier say , ' I need another gun ' , and someone shout back ... ' sorry , soldier ... that 's the last gun . 's pause . they contiaue up the hill . then : julia ( a great , wonderful cry ) that 's the last gun ! < 9 pe ) 313 314 315 316 a 1 122 continue sun : lillian ( laugh ) yeah . oh , yeah . they move off ... laugh ... into the wind , and as they move away the camera pan up into a blind sua . int. lillian be room - moscow ote lillian in the dark . angle on trune fe lillian be in b.g. in chair . ter a moment she begia to rise . slowly . she move toward camera and the < she kneel in front of it . take the key and open lad . her reaction to ; close on trunk sogte the lining be in shred . everything have be tear apart . drawer break . lining of clothing pull apart . i+ have be ravage . angle cn lillian sa : lillian ( ner face slowly twist into pain ) obbbh ! int . funeral parlour ~ london - day a I be in a small , stuffy , salmon - coloured room . lilliad and the undertaxer : undertazer there be a rather deep slash on she face . it be difficult to renove . bowever , I do meet with some success . although I be not half so clever on the rest of she , of course , if you wish to look at ... lillian ( sharp ) no ! I do not wish to look . cf course I do not ! tt 317 328 319 220 revise 24.6.75 124 continue . au undertake oh , beg pardon , mun ! he wait a moment then quickly bring : a envelope fron he drawer . hand it to lillian . " undertaker this here note be leave for you . lillian take it . open it . start to read . we hear a man 's voice . the same one we hear read the cablegran in Moscow . . man' voice ( 0.s. ) it ts you right to know that the Nazis find she in Frankfurt . CUT to int . a long dare corridor , sis lillian move through . camera hold as she move away . the undertaker be move slightly ahead of she . man' yoice ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) she be in the apartment of 2 colleague . we get she to London in the hope of save she . none of we know what disposition she family wish to make . we could not reach the grandparent or the mother . I be sorry that I can not be there to help you . it be better that we take we sorrow for this wonderful woman into action and perhaps revenge . your , jobn Watson , who speak here for zany other . the undertaker stop far up the corridor and indicate 2 doorway to lillian . she turn and look into the rcom . move in . int . funeral parlour - slumber rcoi 3 lillian move in from the corridor . pull back *o siow ac. open casket . another angle lillian move a few foot from the casket . fearful of lookiag in at first . then slowly she approach it ske 320 8 '' continue bhe stop when she be over it . she look down at it . thea she slowly lean over the face . she be about to kiss the cold cheek , but instead stop and bring she hand to tay face and touch it gently with she fingertip . 321 tight shot - lillian 's face sot 322 tight shot - lillian' eye 305 they stare as if they can not close . they stare ... aad then they shut . 323 int , undertaker's office suc lillian and undertaker . lillian where will I find John Watson ? undertaker I do not know a John Watson , yum . , lillian you give I a note . he write I a note . undertaker I pick up the note when I collect the body , mun . lillian and where do you ecllect the body ? undertaker the house of a Dr Chester lowe , thirty downshire Hill . 324 2 8«=est . london STREET af lillian at a London town house . the number " 30 " on tne door . a alder woman open the door . woman yes ? lillian Dr cnester lowe ? 324 continue the door woman there 's no Dr Chester lowe here . lilllan but this be thirty downshire Hill . woman there 's no Dr lowe , I be sorry . lillian perhaps John Watson , then ? woman I be sorry , you have the wreng address . . - lillian I be a friend of Julia 's . woman ( a slight hesitation ) I be sorry ! lillian I do not believe you . woman Excuse not ! lillian the undertaker give I this address . woman you have the wrong address . lillian ( push the door ) I be not even sure what I be look for , only I need to know something more . I can not put it all together . look , I have a letter here from John Watson . see it 's address to I . you can trust I ! slam shut . lillian ( call out ) I be Julia 's friend ! revise 14.11.76 127 deleted ext . int . SMALL bakery ( strasbourg ) camera shoot rom outside into a modest display in bakery window . Inside be lillian , distraught , cishevely , conelude unheard discussion with ses who snax nis head , shrug and escort she to coor . outside he sax . baker ( not overly polite ) Madame , it 's impossible ... alsace be not a Village , it be a big province . lillian walk away . 3293 ext . c.u. cobble stone travelling shot on lillian' feet as she struggle alonz . 329c/0 ext . l.s. STREET i¥ strasbourg ( near catszdral ) one bus move across screen , disclose view of busy street and lillian approach . pull back to show that we atc inside another baxery , the shop windcw in f.g. sintin oo iy . Pov the baker , have sell long leave of bre2 ac to < will woman who be just leave . : =uT. baxsaz 7 lillian enter . ' the baker curn to she , appraise ner unusual appearance . lillian do you speak English ? baker oul , a little . '' lillian . I would like to ask you a questicn . baker yes . revise 13.11.76 128 331 continue lillian I be from America . baker aneee lillian De you know any Americans ? bazer Americans ? ( he stop , look at ' she questioningly <- then protective ) no , I mow no Americans . what be it you want , Madame ? pause . ( ampursively ) I be a friend cf one you might know , I be leok for she beby . the baker' wife have appear . lillian look st she . baker I be very susy now . if you de not want bread , I can not help ' you . lisliay to Baker 's wife ) — it ama friend of Julia 's , medame . the wife look at the baker . lillian ( continue ) do you know thas Julia be desd ? the wife icok at lillian . wife ( french ) who be she ? what coe she want ? baker ( french ) just sit quietiy , it will be all right . wigt ( french ) ' what do she want ? loeltan ' would you meew about a daby name lilly ? revise 14.21.75 129-232 332 continue 332 a the or baker there be no baby here . there be no baby . ( move to curtain , pull it back ) look . lillian move to the curtain . look past it . ' lillian be pov - through curtain ' we see a modest kitchen . a small becroom . tmere be no sign of a daby . . close shct - baxer bakzr ( with compassion ) there be no bauy . I be sorry . lillian finally accept this . she feel powerless , we begin to hear the distant strain of a band play " bast side , West side . " deleted ext. new york harbour ( 1937 ) - day angle on Ocean liner ( the " De grasse " ) dock . we hear the ship 's band play " east side , w=st side " as we favour a casket be lower to the deck . we continue +o hear tne music in the b.g . lillian with custom man whe be goin through she lugsaze hammett be wait for she on the other side of a picket fence . mat . a dare place ( sudden sigence ) - '' Te silence . lidgian wear the Madame pauline hat . she be stone still , then turn and lock cenfuse . helio ! x x tat 338 339 angle on lillian - gare du nord , paris br she ts run through the station wear ' be hat . ' lillian ( frighten ) Mr Johann . hello ! hello ! ( a beat , then : ) hellgoces ! int . beach house - bedroom - night a lillian sit up quickly from a nightmare . perspirirg . hammett be next to she . she turn and look at cin . hammett '' ( gentiy ) - go back to sleep , lilly . hold a moment . she nod . lies back down . stare at ceiling . hammett nove closer . hold she . lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) I bave Julia 's ash . tell I what to do with they . they grand - daughter bad a baby . do not they care about it ? . cur to int . julia' grandpparent 's house - entry hall - day fe close shot maid peer through 2 crack in the open door maid I be sorry . they be not at home . lillian I do not believe that . lillian move into camera push sast the waid inte tse house . maid - please , ma'am , you 'il have to wait outside . lillian no ! I will not wait outside ! the butler ( raine ) appear . ( we meet sim twenty year 1.7 . raine what 's the trouble , Anna ? 132 340 continue lillian do you remember I ? I use to come with Julia on weekend . we vere child , remember she friend , lillian ? raine I be afraid I do not . lillian of course you do . ~ maid she will not leave , Mr raine . raine . please to step outside , madane . lillian I will not please to step anywhere until I speak to Julia 's grandparent . I know you remember I . raine they be on a cruise , Madame , they will not be return for eight week . lillian I do not believe you ! raine I will take the information , Madame , and see that they --~ lillian Julia 's be murder , it be not to be refer to as ' information 's . I have Julia 's ash . teil I what to do with they . : raine if you do not leave , Madame , I vill have to call the police . lilllan ( call upstairs ) what about she mother ? maybe she mother care about she daughter 's baby and she daughter 's asx . raine telephone the police , Anna . 340 341+. 342 343 344 345 346 347 133 oo continue anna move away quickly . lillian stare at raine . lillian ( to raine ) you take care of she , I remember you , you care about she , you hold she , she 's the only one who treat you like a human be . ext : long shot - train - day it be crossing the buropean countryside . to a int . compartment of train - day lillian sit , eye straight ahead . next to she be 4 man look out the window . we can not see he face . tiget shot - lillian - day 4a continue to look straight ahead . suddenly , the man 's arm move behind lillian . lillian turas and look toward the man . ae 'p:0.¥. - adolf hitler ( stocking mase ) oa move to embrace she . to kiss she on the mouth . full shct - day [ my ae lillian try to scream . he keep come at ler , she twist away , run out of the compartment . - int . train corridor - day at lillian run away from camera . we hear the sound c= a baby cry . ~ int . train flatfory - day . fe xngle on lillian awas@from camera . Close shot lillian '' as she cpen the dcor between car . ' 348 349 revise 25.8.76 her p.0.v. = day Te german woman hold a baby . she struggle to 134 oo we see in the german Consulate in Paris lillian reach desperately for the saby . take it . the baby scream . lillian pull at the baby and she own desperate and scream merge with the baby 's as shot go out of focus . int . beac house - bedroom - night lillian smoking . ' lillian and hammett * in bed . they both stare then , suddenly , she get watch she . then gently : : hammett they never want to find the baby . lillian ( ery , without look up ) but I do . hammett you try . : lillian I do not try hard enough . basiett terrify 3af at the ceiliag . out of bed , sity on the side , then stand up ... move to the window , lcoa out . camera follows her into bathroom . she stand up against the sink . she begin to get tear in she eye . quickly , she turn and splashes water on she face , try to dry off the tear along with the water but the tear continue . angrily , she throw ber cigarette she flush it , turn the water in the sink a few moment , and , finally , shen she can not tear any longer , she begin to sob against hammett nove into frame . he lean against into the tciler back on . wilt contain the the tile wall . the door , you hire detective , you have lawyer . you do what you could . I do not lillian know . hammett they never want to find the baby . they want Julia 's money and they get it . revise 25.8.76 135 349 continue lillian the bastard . hammett so now let it be . lillian but maybe she 's alive someplace . . hammett the baby be dead , lilly . lillian ( get very upset ) I will not believe that , you do rot know that ! . hammett get do with it , now . lillian do not tell I to get do with . it ! I can not get do with it , ever . hammett lillian ! the baby be dead ! Julia be and be not , that 's 211 . lillian and when you die will you want I to feel that way about you ? hammett on , I will outlive you . but then maybe not , you be stubborn . . quick dissolve to 350 ext . rowboat - lillian ( as iv sc.1 ) ( 1962 ) ~ day not as she wait for a fish - to bite : lillian' voice ( 0.s. ) hammett do not outlive I and I have go on for a good many ~ year since . some= - time fine -- not always . but he be right . I be stubborn . I have not forget either of they . hold a beat , then camera pan down to a c.u. of the lis ? be gently tug by a fish . we watch it for a momec* and then from 0.8. we hear : 351 ext . estch 136 e . ( off massachusett shore as in sc . 113 ) 35 a ( 1921 ) =< long shot - day tne small figure of lillian and julia on deck . scream to be hear , 352 closs shot lillian there mst be a trial . julia oh , yes . a long one . and ske 's convict . lillian guilty ? julia , guilty ! - the ketch - lillian and julia a iu 4 lillian and the real killer never try to save she ? °« julia never ! and she husband , Richard . Arlington , disown she , lillian what about she lover ? julia he join a monastery . lillian what happen to she ? julia she 's hang by the neck until she 's dead . lillian no kid . - . julia but before she die ... she raise she head high ... and she speak this immortal word : ' it be worth it . the kiss be wonderful , ' they scream with delight . 137 352 continue julia it 's a risky business , love . lillian but it 's wonderful . they laugh wildly . 353 . long shot - the ketch cut through the water . sail away from camera . the end wae mar ~ cy revise 25.38.76 2 ee part montage - scene 171 a 1. 2. insert electric sign ' scheherezade ' . int . scheherezade elegant Russian night Club in full swing . lillian and party at table . balalaika Sand in f.g. waiter in cossack uniform serve flame skewer meat . Russian music . int . ornate staircase lillian and party walk up step which be flanke by garde republicaine at attention , sabre draw , they be welcome at top of step by very dignify official . insert poster : josephine saker maurice Chevalier @olly sister ) electric sign ' boeuf sur le toit ' - night int , night club - niget ' Cuban Band , frenetic music , people dance , lillian and friend drink . possibly barry bar lillian and friend , fairly stone , staggering slightly as they exit .