jumanii by Jonathan hensleigh base on a book by Chris Van allsburg shoot draft July 12 , 1994 ~ a fade in : ext . a country road ~ night a hellish nor 'easter in a New England forest . a storm of terrible power and violence . rain blow horizontally , tree branch clack , wind howling . a chill - to- the-bone night , a gravedigger 's night . anyone whe be sane be at home , by a fire . but .... a horsedrawn wagon race down the muddy road . two teenage boy in 19th century clothing drive the wagon , lash by wind and rain . the elder boy whip the rein . the younger boy look fearfully behind he into the wagon bed . lightning crack , illuminate -- a tarpaulin - cover mound in the wagon bed , jostling about . lightning crack again . cut to : ext . forest clearing - night the wagon stand near the side of the road . the horse whinny nervously , spook by the lightning . we hear shoveling sound as we super : New Hampshire , 1849 moving closer , we see dirt fly out of a hole , then two shovel . the boy climb out - and move with grim determination to the wagon . benjamin be we do the right thing , caleb ? maybe we should tell father . caleb he would never believe we , Benjamin . caleb rip away the tarp revealing a iron lock BOX . caleb ( cont would ) quickly now ! the boy reach for the lock box . suddenly a chorus of ferocious howl pierce the air . Benjamin withdraw he hand in terror . benjamin noi ! caleb , it 's ... it 's ... caleb comfort he young brother , he eye search the surround darkness . . : _. caleb Benjamin : ' listen to I ! it 's only a wolf pack . Benjamin reluctantly help caleb drag the box to the hole . they heave it in , then grab shovel . benjamin but ... what if someone dig it up ? caleb ( whisper ) May God have mercy on he soul . lightn crack and thunder rumble . we pull back and pan , bring into frame a granite post , on which be chisele : brantford ---> 1 mi. and this -- dissolves into : ext . mill house / riverbank - day the " brantford ---> 1 MI , " marker , now weather - wear and cover with moss as -~ alan parrish , 12 , small , thin , intense , pedal he bike up to a New England brick 's mill renovate to house a shoe factory . Super : brantford , New rampshire - 1969 Alan pedal into the factory 's parking lot past a sign read : " rie shoe - fou eration ual Alan throw down he bike down and enter int . " parrish shoe " ~ executive office Alan blow into a outer office , panning past a ' secretary , type , who never look up . he move inside a inner office . '' Sam parrish , President " be stencill on the door . it 's oak - panele , very masculine , with a monstrous desk and a leather chair . below we see the factory floor . Alan sit in the empty chair . pick up he father 's pipe , tapping it on he palm , gesticulate with it . 2 alan have you see my dad ? marjorie secretary I be expect he any minute . ready for summer vacation ? alan I be work here this summer . ny marjorie look up for the first time . alan look at he father 's wingtip dress shoe next to he desk and CUT to : int . '' parrish shoe " ~ factory floor - day close on a pair of prototype hightop basketball shoe in motion , walk down a corridor : un - dyed canvas , white rubber , no logo . factory manager ron ( 0.8 . ) ... Sam , if this do not work we will have to unload a lot of rubber .... widen to other dress shoe hurry to keep up . factory manager ron ( 0.s. ) +... and canvas at a considerable less . this be a major makeover . factory manager larry it 's gonna increase downtime . int . parrish shoe ~ factory floor double door bang open and -- SAM parrish , 40' , a pipe smoker , enter , surround by five Factory manager . Sam parrish be a educate , patrician man ; if he do not own this place , he might be teach milton at Exeter . they move across a cavernous factory as big as a football field . Assembly line of leather worker be cut shoe piece , assemble shoe , etc . SAM parrish I know it will Larry . parrish shoe have stay on top by take risk . we will make it up in volume . we will convert the leather cutter to canvas cutter .... in the office above - alan hear he father 's voice below . he look down at -- alan be Pov - Sam parrish and factory manager walk across the floor . SAM parrish ( cont would ) ... we will put the rubber mold in the west wing . and no layoff , Larry . we will retrain everybody . alan very carefully replace the pipe in it 's holder and exit the office . & C int . factory floor / office staircase Alan come down the stair from the office and trail after the executive . he catch up , come alongside he father . alan dad ? Sam see Alan but keep address he manager . SAM parrish I have get a hunch about athletic shoe . people be more health conscious . trust I : there 's gonna be a big demand . alan ( more impatiently ) dad , where be I work ? SAM parrish Alan , just a minute . Alan stop . Sam parrish and the other continue . manager Larry tousle Alan 's hair . SAM parrish call a meeting for Monday morning . all employee . heck , invite the stockholder . what we will do be make a presentation .... Alan frown and walk off across the factory floor . CUT to : close on a leather apron , upon which be burn the logo " sole man " and pull back to -~ int . '' factory floor carl bentley operate a shoe sole stamping machine . bentley be 20 , black , with a huge afro ( the hairstyle of the time ) . this be a skilled man : he deat finger cut the leather into sole repeatedly , waste as little leather as possible . . alan enter frame , appear next to Carl . they speak over the din of the assembly line . alan hi Carl . . carl yo Alan . wy Alan watch Carl . he get a idea . Alan look o.s , CUT to : int . the factory wall - a row of pegs on which be hang safety goggle and heavy leather apron identical to Carl 's . pan to alan , wear a oversize apron , adust oversize goggle . we look like " fearless fly . " he walk across the floor to the machine diagonally place on the line from Carl . Carl can not see Alan , the line of vision be obstruct by hydraulic line , electric cable , etc . — . Alan watch Carl a moment , then attempt to mimic Carl 's action . he turn to the control box , press the " on " button . he begin to stamp out shoe sole . carl look up , alarmed . . carl Alan , shut that thing off !!!}! Carl 's panic make Alan panic . Alan stab the " off " button , but hit instead the " high speed " button . the machine go into overdrive , stamp double time wham wham wham . Alan back off as the stamper hit the same piece of leather a hundred time ( no one 's there to turn it ) and jam in the stamper mold . tne stamper vibrate , then begin to shudder and smoke . the factory light dim . bolt fly . the blade snap . worker recoil . Carl bentley hit a switch , shutting down the assembly line . a klaxon sound . : the other factory worker rush up , surround the smoking stamper . SAM parrish push through the crowd . he look at the stamper , then at Alan . . Alan look ridiculous in he apron and goggle . SAM parrish ( to Alan ) what happen here ? .* silence . Carl and Alan exchange a glance . carl it 's my fault , Mr. parrish , Alan be just try .... Sam parrish hold up he hand . o SAM parrish Alan , go home , we will talk about this later .... . alan _ dad , you say I could work at the factory . SAM parrish I think we be go to have to wait a few year . a factory be not a safe place for a kid . Alan , ashamed , turn and walk off quickly . Sam parrish turn to Carl . SAM parrish Carl , that 's my son . he could have be seriously injure . I want to see you in my office in ten minute . CUT to : ext . parrish shoe - day Alan grab he bike , mount it , and pedal down the factory driveway . we hear a strange , supremely exotic drumming SOUND . Alan stop . he look around . he walk the bike toward -- ext . construction site - day -- 50 foot away , bulldozer and backhoe be excavate a huge hole for the foundation of a new building . a sign read : " future office of parrish shoe . " Alan lean he bike against the brantford ---> 1 MI marker . the drum continue . Alan walk to the edge of the hole . construction worker come and go , oblivious to the sound . be they all deaf ? suddenly there 's a loud truck horn . the worker drop they tool and head for a snack truck which be roll into the construction site . Alan drop he bike and walk down into the hole . in the excavation hole - alan , walk through a maze of concrete form and dirt embankment , follow the sound of the drum . he approach a spot where the drum be loudest . he put he ear to the wall of dirt . at the edge of the hole a architect and a contractor look over some blueprint . they see Alan with he ear to the dirt wall . contractor what the hell 's he doin ' ? a architect leave he alone . that 's parrish 's kid . kid 's gonna own this place some day . alan be now burrow , squirrel - like , into the dirt wall . the architect and contractor share one of that look , shake they head , and walk away . back in the hole - alan expose a rusty iron handle , then the end of a rusty iron lock BOX . Alan grab the handle and pull . Alan and the box fall whump ! to the floor of the hole . the drum instantly stop . Alan look at the lock box . it 's a curious thing . very old and mysterious . Alan see a shovel nearby . he pick it up and smashes the lock . it 's rusty and fall off easily . Alan throw open the lid . ; the content be utterly anti-climactic . the lockbox be fill with ---~- sand . alan , disappointed , begin walk up out of the hole ... the drum begin again . Alan stop cold . he return to the box and bury he hand in the sand . his hand hit something . he wrestle out a wooden BOX . it look like a chess or backgammon board , the fold - up kind , with brass hinge and clasp . it 's decorate with jungle animal , landscape , and a great white hunter in a pith helmet . in elaborate and fanciful type be the word jumanji . Alan shake the box . thing rattle inside . he undoe the clasp and open it slightly . we catch a glimpse of rich color . he hear voice approach . he shut the box and hurry out of the hole . CUT to : rolling bicycle wheel and we widen to Alan parrish on he schwin 3 - speed , beginning a TRAVEL montage of -- ext . brantford - MAIN STREET / town square - day -- Alan pedal through this prosperous New England militown . Brick and clapboard building : a florist , law office , bakery , clothing store , music store , etc . -- he cut through the small park in the middle of the square , past a huge bronze statue of a Civil War General angus parrish astride a horse . ext . brantford - STREET -- he pass the brantford community CENTER , a pretty white clapboard building . it 's be paint by volunteer . they wave at Alan as he pass . ext . parrish home ~ day A. large , grand , georgian revival mansion . Alan roll up the driveway . he drop he bike and run up the step into the house , carry the wooden box . int . parrish home - live room the parrish 's immense , high - ceiling live room . Alan enter . he sit on the chair and open the wooden box . he see what look like a boardgame ... . mrs . parrish ( 0.s. ) Alan ? you home from work already ? Alan close the gameboard ; stashes it under the couch . cuT to : int . parrish home - dine room - night a endless mahogany table . alan be alone , sullenly toy with he dinner , look very smail . outside in the foyer Sam parrish , in a knife -edge tux , practice a keynote speech in the mirror , read from several 3 x5 card . SAM parrish +-. this year 's recipient of the parrish Scholarship Fund establish in 1871 by schuyler parrish .... 7 carol parrish , Alan 's mom , 40 , very pretty in a elegant evening gown , come up behind Sam , share the mirror with he , adjust a diamond earring she hand Sam a corsage . he pin it to she gown . carol parrish we should tell he before we leave . they exchange a glance and enter the dining room . int . parrish home - dine room Sam and Carol enter . Alan look up . alan I still do not see why I can not go . carol parrish it 's all grow -up , honey , mostly . business people . you would be the only kid there . alan I do not mind . Sam and Carol exchange a glance . SAM parrish in fact , Alan , you mother and I think you should be with kid you own age this summer . alan I do not get along with kid my own age . carol parrish you 1 get along with saran . alan Sarah 's different . ( pause ) this be not about Little League again ? SAM parrish no , it 's about this . Sam toss a folder on the table . Alan look at it . insert - a brochure of " camp hiawatha " - several photograph depict canoe , archery , swim . alan you be gonna send I away ? carol parrish you will get out into nature . '' they have get canoe and swim ... alan I will probably drow .... . SAM parrish and hike ... alan I will get poison ivy ... o carol parrish Arts and craft ... alan give I a break .... carcl parrish it sound great . alan then you go . I be stay . Sam turn to Carol . SAM parrish get you coat . ( Carol exit ; Sam turn to Alan ) you be go . alan you can not make I . a pause . Father and son glare at each other . cm ) SAM parrish CO I can not ? : ( a tense pause ) you know something Alan ? the more you want to be treat like a adult , the more you act like a child . they exchange a cold stare . Sam parrish turn and .... alan Drop dead . Sam parrish stop in he track . turn back . SAM parrish what do you say to I ? alan Drop dead . os SAM parrish we be drive you up to camp on Sunday morning . AG SAM exit into the foyer . we hear Sam 's and Carol 's footstep in the foyer , the door open , the door slamming . Alan sit frown at the brochure . he pick it up and tear it into 's a thousand piece , the drum begin again . Alan freeze . he look around . rise . exit . int . parrish home ~ live room Alan peer around the corner into the live roon . he waik to the couch . kneel . pull the game out . leok at it . ext , parrish home - night ~- continuous the parrish 's car pull out of the driveway as - a honda 90 c.c , motorbike pull up to the front curb , its 2 - stroke engine whining like a chainsaw . ° up front be billy jessup , 15 . behind billy sit sarah whittle , a pretty and somewhat glamorous 13 year - old . she dismount , look at the house with indecision . billy jessup go on . tell he . she take a nervous breath and walk up to the house . int . parrish home - live room Alan sit down at the coffee table . he unhook the gameboard 's brass clasp . open it . it 's carve , handcraft : a path of blank square wind past jungle animal , end at the word jumanji . the board 's center have a blank space . the illustration be in a hyperbolic circus poster - style . there be a leather draw -string pouch within . Alan open the pouch and dump the content on the board : there be four token ( carve , miniature African totem ) and a pair of dice . Alan pick up the dice and one of the token . he examine it . the doorbell ring . * Alan put the token down . and look toward the door . as he hand withdraw , no she , be sucke ° e ( Alan do not see this ) at the beginning of the jungle path . Alan rise , set the dice on the coffee table . ext./ int . parrish home ~ front stoop and foyer the front door open , revealing . Sarah whittle in the threshold . o aq alan hi Sarah . sarah hi. we hear billy 's motorcycle whining . Alan look over Sarah 's shoulder at -- billy jessup sit on he motorcycle . he be attempt ( and fail ) to look like James Dean . alan what 's billy jessup do here ? Sarah do not answer Alan . instead she turn to billy and yell : sarah I will meet you there ! billy , motor gun , tear away from the house , accelerate through the gear . alan you will meet he where ? Sarah step past Alan ; walk into the foyer , say : sarah uhmm .... so how 's you job ? we still hear billy motorcycle move through the gear . Alan look down the street , listen to it . alan ( lie ) great . I be work on the assembly ine . Alan move inside and shut the door , shutting off the sound of billy 's motorcycle . int . parrish home - foyer and live room Alan follow Sarah through the foyer into the live room . Sarah stop near the coffee table ( where the game be ) and turn to Alan . 7 . alan so - you ready for Saturday night ? dad say they be gonna have a tilt - a-whirl this year .... sarah Alan uhn , I be not go . alan but it 's the factory picnic . we go every year . Sarah nervously turn away . she see the game on the coffee table . sarah 1 what 's that ? alan some kind of game . I find it at the factory . ocome up behind Sarah ) why be not you go ? Sarah pick up the dice . start nervously shifting they hand to hand . . sarah because I be go to a party . alan oh. okay . ( beat ) with billy ? sarah Alan , I love the picnic but .... alan ( finish she sentence ) ..- but billy 's fifteen and he have a motorcycle . . they stare at each other . a very uncomfortable moment . Sarah just want to get out of there .... sarah I be sorry . I have gotta go . she toss the dice on the board . they land " 4 " and magn , Sarah begin walk away . . the drum have begin again , loudly . Sarah freeze . stops. turn . sarah what 's that ? alan you hear it too ? Sarah look at the gameboard and -- sarah' token slow dvance by itself to the sixth square . the drum stop . Sarah , frighten , approach the board , then Alan . sarah how would it do that ? alan must be magnetize . Alan look at the gameboard 's fold cover : printed there be engrave rule . Alan read they : alan ( read instruction ) " '' ju -man - JI , a game for the bored and restless . welcome to the safari . " ( scan ) the first to get to the end of the path and yell " jumanji " win . meanwhile Sarah be stare wide - eye at the board . ' sarah Alan , look . in the blank space in the middle of the board - word be appear , like invisible ink in reverse . Alan read they : alan " at night they fly , you better run , this winge thing be not much fun . " the letter fade away . a moment pass . we hear a flapping , fluttering sound in the fireplace . Sarah whirl around , spook : sarah what 's that ? alan . ( grab the dice ) . let I try it . sarah Alan , do not . just put it away . suddenly the enormous grandfather clock against the wall begin to chime go .... go .... go .... ec disregard Sarah , Alan toss the dice . they land " 2 " and " 3 . " alan' piece now move by itself , and the drum begin , mixing with the chiming clock which continue to go . the lettering appear . Alan whisper : alan '' in the jungle you must wait , until the dice read five or eight . " ( curiously ) in the jungle you must wait . what 's that mean ? sarah , instead of answer , begin to tremble because - alan be turn to smoke . he be dematerialize , vaporize right in front of she ! alan what 's happen ....! ( mute into a vague whine ) Sarah roll ! Roll the dice ! roollll the diiicccceee ..... : sarah blink . he be go . Alan parrish is.gone . . Sarah scan the live room , tremble . she look at the gameboard ; ah 's '' insert - the CENTER of the gameboard - there , in miniature , be a window into a exotic world : we glimpse green foliage and a river , and hear caw bird . alan ( v.o. distantly ) Sarah ! Sarah ....! sarah Alan ? alan ! !?? Inside the live room the flapping noise be louder ; it sound like beat wing . it grow still louder . a hundre bat fly from the fireplace , '' hover , diving at Sarah . she scream . she run into the front hall . she trip and fall to the carpet . a bat land on she shoulder . no hideous ) a mis er . Sarah scream . bat divebomb at she , hit she head and shoulder . she crawl to the front hall . somehow open the door . she run from the house , stumbling blindly as -- '' 16 , a fiurry of oily black wing rush from the house . camera hold on the scatter bat , then dolly to -- the grandfather clock . the chiming cease and the pendulum slooowly swing to a stop and we -~ dissolve to : the same pendulum , but it 's burnish brass be now green with tarnish ; the glass face be crack . camera dolly away from the clock through the live room . all the furniture be cover in sheet . cobweb and dust etc ... camera continue dollying to the front door . we hear footstep come up to the house , then .... woman 1 ( v.0 . ) ... belong to a nice older couple who pass away . it 's be vacant two year , so do not mind the dust . woman 2 ( v.0 . ) it look a lot smaller in the photo you send I . we hear a key in the lock , then the doorknob turn ; the door open , revealing two women . mrs . thomas 40 's ( woman 1 ) , a realtor , well - dress , red lipstick , jewelry , and she client nora shepherd ( woman 2 ) , late 30' , attractive and simply dress . Mrs. Thomas and nora move into the foyer . they walk to the live room . nora look inside . nora oh my goodness . Mrs. Thomas , there 's only three of we . what be I go to do with a place like this ? woman 2 ( v.0 . ) this be all we have for immediate occupancy . the rent 's very reasonable . and I get a great price on the furniture . nora move inside the live room , gaze at the architecture , the ceiling , the fireplace and mantle . nora the couple who live here - they have no child ? no one to inherit this place ? mrs . thomas ( lie through tooth ) no ...no I guess they do not .... nora cross to the window and pull open the heavy drape . the dusty air catch shaft of sunlight . the room look enchant . she unlock the window and push it open . nora ( force enthusiasm ) Judy ! Peter ! come look ! judy ( 0.8 . ) in a minute , mom . Mrs. Thomas walk up to nora . mrs . thomas let 's look at the kitchen . it 's fabulous ... ext . front yard - continuous nora 's child , judy , 12 , and peter , 8 , stand on the lawn , stare at the neighborhood and house . they grow up in Manhattan and show it . Judy be pretty , somewhat vulnerable . Peter be precocious , impatient , sarcastic . in the b.g. be a station wagon hook up to a u-haul trailer . peter . brantford Connecticut : a wholesome suburban community . they turn and look at the parrish home . the mailbox be rusted ; the lawn and hedge be a jungle ; the driveway be crack and pitte ; slate roof shingles be dislodge ; several window be break and / or board up ; shutter hang crookedly ; some fence be miss . judy what a dump . they walk sullenly back to the house . cuT to : int . parrish home - 2 nd floor corridor - hour later a long corridor serve several room . box be stack everywhere . Judy 's search through a box . Peter 's come up the stair with another . nora be at a locked door at the end of the hall , try several key in its lock . . o vo judy Mom , where be the towel ? nora just a sec . i ( try another key ) hmm , have to call a locksmith for this one . nora walk over to Judy . Peter stop next to the lock door . he put he eye to the keyhole and look in at -- peter be Pov - through keyhole - the locked room we glimpse a picture frame on the wall and a trophy of some kind . int . parrish home - peter' bedroom - that evening Peter be in bed pull up the cover . nora sit on the edge of the bed . nora : do you like you room ? it 's a lot bigger than you old one . peter it 's okay . nora how about igor ? what 's he think ? she glance at a stuffed aligator at the foot of the bed : " igor . " peter ( yawn ) he miss New York . nora I bet you be exhaust . ( pull up the cover , tuck he in ) be you still have dream ? ( Peter look away ) Peter ? be you ? peter yeah . nora about dad ? peter yeah . @ 19 . nora good one or bad one ? about the accident ? peter . not about the accident . but they be bad . nora tell I . ( Peter look away ) C 'mon honey . Peter reluctantly begin : peter there 's this one where we be in Central Park . by the boat pond . and dad go to get ice creams from the guy there . and then he walk away . and I say " dad , where be you 's go ? " and he keep walk , and I go after ' im , and keep say " dad , stop , it 's I , Peter . " but he keep walk like he do not know I or anything . and then I look around and all the people be go and I be all alone . Peter be almost cry now . nora hug hin . nora Peter honey c'mon , it 's all right now , it 's all right . they hug each other tightly . Peter settles back into bed . nora you have get a big day tomorrow . ( tuck he in ) this be a fresh start . for all of we . okay ? peter okay . 7 7 Peter close he eye . nora kiss he . int . judy' bedroom - that night nora sit on the bed . Judy be off screen , in the walk - in closet . judy ( o.s . ) but why brantford ? o no . 0 ~ 20 . Judy enter with several article of clothing . nora the college up here be my only offer - I be lucky to get it . . let 's see what you get . ( Judy hold up a formal dress ) too formal . judy ( hold up a denim smock dress ) it 's not like New York have no college . nora too casual . ( Judy hold up a purple dress ) too purple . judy Mom ... I be new . everybody 's go to be look at I . nora try a pair of jeans . and do not be so nervous . the program here 's suppose to be good . judy present Judy shepherd , resident moron from New York . nora enough of that , kiddo . Judy , promise I you will try . promise ? judy ( without conviction ) yeah , I promise . nora goodnight . judy ' night mom . . dissolve to : int . peter be room - hour later - night Peter be sleep fitfully . just faintly , we hear jungle drum . of p 2l. int . judy' room - continuous - night Judy awaken . she prop up on she elbow , listen to the drum . they seem to come from above . she look at the ceiling . the drum fade . she lie back down . CUT to : int . brantford j.h. - another classroom - day judy sit at a table with a teacher . the surround table be the same set - up : one student sit with one teacher . judy the ...ap ... ple be the on ... teacher on the . do not put pressure on yourself . slower . think about the logic of the sentence . judy on the ..-. Judy stare nervously at a book in front of she . she concentrate . her jaw tighten ; she face be crimson . she grit she tooth . she give up and look away . the teacher watch Judy , concerned . int . school corridor - continuous we see judy and her teacher through a door window stencile " special education , " widening to -- nora and the school principal , mrs . timmon , 40 , earnest , professional , a kind face . principal timmon enter sixth grade and she 's never have special education ? nora not formally . her dad be a writer . they use to work together every night . Judy be so relaxed with he ; she could really concentrate . but now .... nora 's voice trail off . they walk down the school corridor together . principal timmon I understand Mrs. shepherd . what about you son ? = ~ nora Peter have not deal that well with it either . there have be some .... discipline problem . I think he 's fine now . nora smile uneasily and -- CUT to : wham ! : a fist fly into camera and -- ext . brantford junior high - playground - day peter hit the deck . he get up , wildly swinging at he opponent , a huge sixth grader . Peter , give up 40 pound , fight like a animal . he do not give a inch . the sixth grader belt he again . péter struggle to he foot , still swinging . the sixth grader walk off . peter hey , where ya goin ' ! I be not hurt . ya chicken ? get back here , ya fight like my grandmother ...! the sixth grader shake he head . the little kid 's gotta be crazy .... cuT to : int . parrish home - kitchen ~- evening nora 's at the sink , peel potato for dinner . Judy and Peter sit at the kitchen table with school book , notebook , etc . nora hand Judy a newspaper . judy do I have to ? : nora . you have to . judy Front page or sport ? nora you pick . . Judy begin flipping through the paper . judy I wish daddy be here . nora honey , dad be not do the read , you be . 23 . nora turn back to the sink . Peter and Judy exchange a look . '' peter . Mom ? Judy and I have be think . nora what about ? a uncomfortable pause , then Judy blurt : judy we do not like it here . nora you have only be here a week . judy we want to move back home . nora we settle this , kid . this be home , and I do not want to hear another word about it . judy ( flip through paper ) lla , how about the obituary . ( begin to '' reada " ) the funeral of Alfred J. bushwick be hold today in concord New Hampshire . in a ironic twist of fate , Mr. bushwick , 68 , a vacuum cleaner repairman , be kill when he accidentally turn on he own vacuum , suck himself into the dustbag , where he survive for a week before succumb to various allergic reaction .... nora Judy .... Judy toss down the paper and stalk out . curt to : int . peter' bedroom - night *- Peter be sleep fitfully again . he wake to the sound of drum , clearer this time . he look up at the ceiling . lu int . 2 nd floor hallway - continuous Peter , in pajamas , hold a flashlight , walk to the attic door . he turn the knob . D X oo nn 4 tne door crreeeaak open . Peter look up the staircase . he shiver . he flip on the flashlight and begin to climb . ext . parrish home ~ night in the gable attic window , we see the beam of peter' flashlight as Peter move through the attic - and suddenly we hear peter scream . int . judy' bedroom - night judy sit bolt upright , hearing peter' scream ; she throw off the cover and dash from the room into the hallway , almost run into -- int . 2 nd floor hallway - continuous ~- nora , who exit she bedroom . they both run up to -- peter , slamm the attic door , he lung heaving . he run into he mother 's arm . peter Mom ! CUT to : a van in the parrish driveway with the trade logo : harley pest control . int . parrish home - kitchen - morning nora and Judy sit at the kitchen table , unwrap porcelain cup and saucers . Peter sit next to they , flipping through a large , thick hook . nora careful , honey , this be you great great grandmother 's ... exterminator ( 0.s. ) hello ? maam ? the exterminator , 50 , overweight , bald , look in . exterminator if it be up there , it 's gor® now . they be little critter , but they make they presence know . peter no , it be big . like that . Peter 's point at a color . photograph in he - encyclopedia britannica . it 's a huge bat . the exterminator look at the photograph . chuckle . o eo or n > exterminator '' that 's a African bat , son . see ? say so right there . Africa 's a long way from Connecticut . ( to nora ) - by the way - could not help notice all the stuff the parrish leave behind . must be a little creepy , live in the house where it actually happen . everyone stare at the exterminator . judy where what actually happen ? exterminator the little boy . the Alan parrish thing . ( beat ) no one 's tell you ? nora take the exterminator by the arm ; lead he out . nora why do not we discuss this outside . nora hustle the exterminator out of the kitchen . Judy and Peter exchange a look ; Judy raise a eyebrow . they go to the door . Judy push it open a crack -- judy' and peter be Pov - nora and the exterminator be walk down the hall , speak in low tone . ext . porch '' nora and the exterminator exit . nora no wonder the rent 's so cheap . I could just strangle that realtor .... ( to exterminator ) you mean all this time they never find he ? there be not any evidence ? . exterminator twenty five year now , not a clue . personally , I do not think Alan parrish be kidnap . nora you mean ...? ol C exterminator yep . ( lower he voice ) I think the parent do it . in fact , I think Alan parrish be still sin this house . there 's a thousand place in this house they coulda hide the body , and no one woulda ever find ... nora ( disturb by this , cut he off ) thank - you for come on such short notice . good-bye . exterminator Nice to meet you , mar 'am . nora go inside and close the door . exterminator welcome to brantford . the exterminator walk off to he truck . int . parrish home ~- foyer nora enter , pass -- the closet alcove off the foyer - judy and peter , inside , look at each other with wide eye . they have eavesdrop on the above exchange . CUT to : ext . STREET - bus stop - day in the b.g. , a school bus roll away . Judy and Peter walk home from the bus stop . Judy stop at they mailbox and open it , pull out mail . flip through it . one of the piece be a fat package ( the size of a book ) in a manilla folder . judy this one 's not ours . ( look around ) . come on . Judy walk off , Peter follow . ext . the house next door - continuous Judy come up the walk . Peter wait on the sidewalk . Judy step up to the porch . od 27 . on the porch - judy begin to slide the package through the mail slot in the front door . it will not go . Judy try to shove it in . still will not go . she frown . ring the doorbell . we hear approach step inside . the door open a crack . two eye peer through the door crack . female voice I do not want any . the door shut . Judy frown . ring the doorbell again . again , the door open . female voice I say : I do not want any . as the door pull shut again -- . Judy stick the book between the door and doorframe . judy uhhm maam ? it 's you mail . the door open slowly and we come face - to- face with -- a woman , late 30' , with blonde hair , pale skin , and wire - rimmed glass . she look like she do not get out much . she smile . woman oh . thank you . ( take the package ) there be a mix -up ? judy yeah . I be Judy shepherd . we just move in . ( peter sidle up ) this be my brother , Peter . woman welcome to brantford . town could use some new blood . ( look down street ) which house ? judy ( point ) next door . the parrish house . the woman stare at the parrish house . her eye spark . her demeanor now be stiff , cold , distant . woman please to meet you . I have work to do . run along . Judy and ' peter be startle and somewhat scared by this abrupt change . . woman ' you hear I . go on . peter sorry , Mrs ... woman miss. miss Sarah whittle . good - bye . and with that sarah whittle , who last we see run terrify from the parrish house , now age 38 , abruptly slam the door . Judy and Peter walk quickly back to the street . cuT to : int . kitchen - morning Judy and Peter sit at the kitchen table . nora , dress in a suit , be pace , flustered , her voice be raise . nora I have listen , Judy . ( a tense pause ; she stare at they ) today 's my first day teach in over ten year . I be under a lot of pressure . what I need be less : complain and more cooperation . . ( voice tremble ) we be live on a teacher 's salary now and , like it or not , my job be here , not New York . ( she pick up she purse ) do not miss the bus . if you get home before I , stick around the house , okay ? 1 : peter bye , Mom . nora bye sweetie . she kiss Peter , then attempt to kiss Judy , who move away . 23. nora bye , Judy . I say bye , Judy . judy bye . nora look at Judy a moment , then exit . Judy and Peter exchange a glance and -- 1 cut to : int . parrish home - attic - day a large space with a complicated ceiling ( due to the compiicate roof line ) . the shepherd 's unpack moving box sit amongst 's ac ulati family junk : a old dress form , a guitar case , a moose head , old furniture , trunk , tennis racket , etc . Peter enter , look around tentatively for sign of bat . outside we hear a school bus honking . peter Judy ! the bus be here ! we hear , 0.s. , stuff be move around . Peter move through the attic . behind a trunk -- judy be go through the move box . her action be harry , frenetic , she speech fast . judy I can not talk to you right now . I be really busy . peter what be you do ? judy where 's the blue suitcase ? peter what do you need the blue suitcase for ? Judy do not answer . keeps look . peter . be you go somewhere ? judy yes. peter where ? 30 . judy as far as eighty - seven dollar will take I . peter . I be tell mom . we hear the bus drive away . Peter go to the window . look out . peter ( cont would ) oh great . it 's go . now we will have to walk . Judy find a suitcase . tries to open it . judy why be this lock ?!! TI can not believe this !! she struggle with the suitcase , then throw it down . she sit on it . suddenly she emotion run . judy I can not stay here , do not you get it ? you do not have a clue , do you ? I hate it here . I do not have any friend . I have to be in a class ' for stupid people . Mom do not understand at all . she just think we can adjust to everything right away . well I xca not . I be go home . I be go back to my friend . peter I be you friend . judy oh , Peter , I know . I be just really upset . sometimes I feel ....so ... dumb . : suddenly the drum begin . Judy . and Peter freeze . slowly look across the attic . peter I know it be come from up here . '' judy you hear it too ? why do not you say something ? peter . why do not you ? Judy and Peter walk to -- is ne the far corner of the attic - more parrish stuff . Peter and Judy look at a pile of toy , game , sport equipment ( obviously the possession of a young boy ) . peter ~ look Judy , that kid who get kidnap . Alan parrish . it 's all he stuff . ( pick up a gamebox ) musta be before they have computer game . the jungle drum begin again . Peter and Judy exchange a glance . Peter throw off the other game , revealing , at the bottom of the pile , a wooden BOX ; we have see it before - it have engrave jungle scene and the word jumanji on it . the drum stop . Judy and Peter exchange a glance . Peter set the box on a dresser drawer , unclasp it and open it . two token be in the position leave by Alan parri a whi e. Peter open the tie-string pouch and dump out dice and two remaining token . he read the fold - out cover : peter " jumanji , " a game for the bored and restless . " well , that 's we . suddenly shuump ! the token be suck onto the beginning square of the board . peter whoah , lookit that ! judy put it away , Peter . it give I the creep . she grab the dice from he ; toss they on the board . Judy 's dice tumble to a stop . the jungle drum begin again and -- v 's E vv i to the appropriate square . letter appear in the middle of the board . the two kid stare wide - eye at the board . judy ( suspiciously ) Old game could not do that . must have micro-chip in it or something . o peter it 's cool the way they make it look so ancient . ( read ) " this mosquito 's get the fever , '' itchy , twitchy , sneezy fever . " the lettering fade away . peter ( cont would ) itchy , twitchy , sneezy ...? we hear a buz SOUND . three mosquito with 3 - inch wingspan fly across the attic , divebomb at Peter and Judy . Peter flail at the mosquito , tryirg to defend himself . Judy grab a tennis racquet and swing wildly . they buzz and divebomb . . the mosquito fly out the break gable window . Judy and Peter look at each other , then at the board . Judy pick up the board and examine it , front and back . she set it back down . judy you try it . she hand Peter the dice . Peter roll . two " 1's " . peter snake eye . again , the jungle drum begin . Peter 's piece move by itself two square . Peter lean over to read : peter '' this will not be a easy mission , monkey slow the expedition . " immediately a cacophony of noise come from downstairs . crashing and banging . judy what be that ? . Judy race off through the attic . Peter follow . ext . staircase / hallway - day Judy and Peter race down the stair and down the hallway . they stop outside the kitchen door . Inside , we hear china breaking and screeching noise . | i Judy slowly push the door open . they peek in . Judy 's and Peter 's eye bug out . int . kitchen a dozen jumanji monkey be tear the place apart . ( this be not normal monkey : simian body and head , but human expression , movement , and intelligence . ) on the counter - two monkey take nora 's prize porcelain cup from the shelf and heave they across the kitchen -- on the kitchen table - the biggest monkey stand with a soup ladle rest on he shoulder . he swing the ladle like a baseball bat , shower the floor with porcelain . at the sink ~ a monkey play with the sink sprayer . the sink be overflow , dousing the break china on the floor . at the refrigerator - several monkey be throw food , spilling milk , etc . int . hallway - outside kitchen door Judy and Peter , gulp , shut the door . they look at each other , spellbound , we hear more cup breaking . peter it 's not micro chip , be it ? cuT to : int . attic - minute later the jumanji board sit on a move trunk . Peter and Judy stare at it . judy read the instruction . Peter pick up the board ; read the instruction . peter '' welcome to the safari . " ( scan , paraphrase ) ° you roll the dice to move you token ; double get another turn ; uhmm , the first player to reach the end and yell jumanji win , and ... ( beat ) - ...uhh - oh . : judy what ? \_ / peter " adventurer beware : do not begin _unless you intend to finish . the exciting consequence of the game will vanish only when a player have : reach jumanji and call out its name . " judy consequence ? peter . I guess if you wanna get the stuff that come out of the game ... ( they hear a crash in the live room ) »+. back into the game .... they hear the door open and slam . Peter and Judy go to the dormer window and look down -- peter' and judy' Pov = the jumanji monkey exit the house jogging two abreast , like soldier in double time . the lead monkey chirp a order . they instantly fan out , disperse in a hundred direction . back to scene - judy look at peter peter what should we do ? think of something . judy you think of something . you be the brain in the family . peter maybe we be hallucinate . judy that monkey be yea ] , Peter . so be the mosquito . ( beat ) let 's just do what the game say . ( hand Peter the dice ) it 's you turn ; you roll double . do not think , Peter , just roll . Peter take the dice ; he shake they and toss they . in close - up ~- peter' dice skitter across the board and come to a stop : a " 5 " and a " 3 " , total " 8 " . o lo uo the drum begin . Peter 's token move forward ; he rhyme appear . Peter read : peter '' his fang be sharp , he like you taste ; you party better move post haste . " ( beat ) Post haste ? across the attic - a lion' silhouette fall against the wall . he be . sit on a upright piano . we get a sense of immense , almost impossible size . the lion' tail fall across the piano 's treble key , create a eery procession of note . peter and judy freeze . they turn , lock in the direction of the piano . they walk across the attic , move slowly past box , junk , etc . the lion , still in silhoutte , come down from the piano , he huge paw crunching the bass keys , create loud , discordant chord . judy 's and peter be eye go wide . they begin to slowly back up . further , then further - they turn and bolt from the room . the lion roar and leap down , give chase ! int . spiral staircase ~ continuous Peter and Judy scramble down the stair . ' in ¢.g.i. effect the lion ( only now do we see he entire form , and he be huge ) leap down to the lower floor , cut off the retreat of Judy and Peter , who scream . '' they race back up the staircase , run right into -- N wit = a d i in_his ' he 's long - haire and bearded , with a crazy look in he eye . he 's dress in animal skin . 's judy and peter arrrggghhhh ! Judy and Peter recoil , nearly fall backward into the tooth of the lion ; the man from jumanji grab they and pull they behind he . they race down the hallway . o 36 . '' int . attic stairway / upstair hallway ~ continuous the man from jumanji slowly back down the hall , he knife hold before he , the lion , follow , snarling . man and beast move down tne hali , reach the end . the man taunt the lion with the knife , urging he on the lion spring for the man 's jugular . the man throw the knife into the wood flooring where it stick sproing ! his hand now freed , he leap vertically , grab a hallway chandelier directly above , the lion pass beneath he . the lion 's momentum carry it into ( nora 's ) master bedroom . the man from jumanji . land and kick the door shut . the lion be trap within nora 's room . we hear he growl and claw at the door , enraged . the man from jumanji look around very slowly . he walk down the hallway . he stop by the linen closet door . he throw open the door , revealing -- judy and peter inside the closet - they scream ! the man from jumanji look at the kid curiously . again , he look around the hallway . he walk quickly down the hallway , to the locked room . Peter and Judy look at each other , then follow . the man from jumanji try the doorknob , find it lock and kick the door in . enter . int . locked room the man enter the lock room . we see that it be alan parrish bedroom , preserve exactly as it be in 1969 . a year book . a half - construct model of a ship . a school picture of a Sarah whittle at age 13 . the room be dominate by a fireplace with a stone hearth and ornate oak mantle . the man from jumanji pace around the room . the place seem very familiar to hin . he see a stack of newspaper clipping .. the man from jumanji grab the topmost clipping . insert - the headline read : brantford boy kidnapped 37 . the man start rifling through the clipping . hartford , New York , and Boston newspaper show headline of the Alan parrish incident : '' brantford Boy still miss , " " no clue in brantford disappearance . " photograph show Alan parrish and Sarah whittle as kid . he be excited , almost hyperventilate . he blink . he shake he head . he rap he knuckle on he forehead . it 's as if he can not believe he eye . he suddenly run from the room ! Judy and Peter , stupify , follow ! int . live room - day the man from jumanji run down the stair into the live room , Peter and Judy come down the stair . they stand in the foyer , watch the man from jumanji . he cackle wildly . the follow be sing -song , building to a rage : . man from jumanji in the jungle you must wait until the dice read five or eight ; in the jungle you must wait until the dice read five or eight .... he turn and approach Peter and Judy . man from jumanji who be you ? Judy and Peter , terrify , take two quick step back . judy I be Judy . that 's Peter . man from jumanji what be you do here ? judy we live here . '' alan where be the people who use to live here ? peter we do not know . the man from jumanji register this . judy who ... be you ? the man eye they a moment , then say : . man from jumanji Alan parrish . it be alan parrish , now age 38 , and nothing like the boy of 1969 . he be lean , muscular and athletic , he skin tan and weathered . he have a steeliness , a sureness . Judy and Peter sharply inhale . peter you mean ...? the kid who ...? judy where ... have you be ? alan ( a crazy look ) where have I be ? ( cackle again , point at the jumanji board ) I have be in the jungle ! he boit past the kid and run out the front door ! ext .- parrish home ~- front lawn - day Alan exit the house . he walk across the lawn , look in all direction at he old neighborhood . he approach the street . int . police cruiser - day we be the Pov of the police officer look through the front windshield as -- ' alan , daze , look around , wander off the sidewalk into we path -- . ext . STREET in front of parrish home - day the police car lock up it 's brake , screeching -- alan whirl around . : % oe will the cruiser be go to run he over . at the last second he leap straight up as -- \_ / the cruiser lurch to a full stop and alan land safely on the hood of the car . the police officer throw open the door and get out , scream agitatedly : police officer get down off there ! the officer be about 45 and black . he be carl bentley , who at 20 be the shoemaker at " parrish shoe . " Alan hop down from the hood . officer bentley step up on the sidewalk , please . Alan be look at bentley 's police car . to Alan , it be futuristic , and he be amaze . alan what year be it ? officer bentley it 's brand new . alan no . I mean what year be it ? judy and peter run up . peter it 's 1995 . Alan and bentley move to the sidewalk . bentley turn to Judy and Peter . officer bentley do you know this man ? judy yes sir . he 's ... we uncle . officer bentley you the people who just move in ? close on alan as he do the arithmetic , mouth the word : : alan ( whisper to self ) oe nineteen sixty nine to nineteen ninety five that 's .... twenty six year ...? of N a7 oo meanwhile bentley step toward Judy , lowering he voice : he look at Alan 's strange appearance . officer bentley be you uncle suppose to be out by -himself ? be he ... okay upstairs ? Judy and Peter notice , over bentley 's shoulder -- by the police car ~ two jumanji monkey climb through the window of the cruiser . int . bentley' police cruiser the jumanji monkey lock around . very interesting . ext . STREET in front of parrish home - day peter he just come from jumanji . Judy grimace . officer bentley jumanji ? judy that 's in Africa . uncle 's in the ... peace Corps . bentley give Judy a skeptical look . int . bentley' police cruiser - day one monkey jump onto bentley 's riot gun , lock in its dashmount bracket . the monkey cock the gun and pull on the trigger . : the riot gun discharge , blow a huge hole in the roof of the cruiser , destroy bentley 's light bar . on the sidewalk - bentley whirl around , gun draw . in the police cruiser - the other monkey turn the ignition key ; throw the cruiser into drive . the police cruiser burn rubber down the street . there 's no driver visible in the front seat , only wild monkey laughter come from within ! bentley what the ....? the cruiser accelerate . { .. bentley do not you go anywhere ! bentley turn and sprint off down the street , follow the monkey - commandeer cruiser . judy and peter watch bentley , they jaw drop . alan turn and jog the other way , head toward town . judy uhhm Alan ? Mr. parrish ? Alan stop . turn . judy what about the game ? peter the instruction say we have to finish it . alan : ( shrug ) go ahead . finish it . and he sprint off down the street ! Judy and Peter stand there a moment , at a loss . they look at each other , then run off toward the house . a rotund mailman come down the sidewalk . he stop , sneezing loudly and repeatedly , scratch he back ina hard to reach spot . . ext . brantford street Alan run past the brantford Community Center ( the white clapboard building we see in 1969 ) . it be a shamble . the paint be peel , weed have overtaken lawn , etc . there be a big close sign over the front door . ext . brantford - MAIN STREET - day brantford MAIN STREET , circa 1994 - be nothing like it be in 1969 . [ it 's now a string of pawn shop , liquor store , and cheap diner . derelict car . trash in the gutter . many shop be board up . . alan stand at the corner confuse , blink : alan what 's happen ? what 's happen here ? he run off , head toward -- at { 32 . ext . brantford - town square - day the rotary and traffic island . a drunken derelict be asleep on the traffic island . the Civil War statue be paint with graffiti . a empty budweiser can be impale on the general' sword . alan walk up to - the statue . the brass plate on the base read : general angus parrish . Alan frown . he think a moment , then he race off . on the other side of the rotary - judy and peter pedal around the rotary , hot on Alan 's tail . ext . brantford - " parrish shoe " - driveway Judy and Peter pedal up to the factory entrance . below be the huge millhouse . the parking lot 's empty . the parr oe . E ons al sign be fade and rusty , but still legible . they pedal down the driveway to the shoe factory . int . " parrish shoe " - day Alan run inside the factory . he look around , confuse , he mind racing . the once - thriving factory be a shamble . the assembly line machine be old and rusted . bird fly in the rafter . Water drip down in puddle . Alan walk through the factory . he pick up a flatten " parrish shoe " shoebox . stare at it . his brow knit . judy ( 0.s. ) Alan ! peter ( 0.8 . ) Alan ! where be you ? Judy and Peter , come through the maze of assembly line machine . ' they walk up to Alan . . / alan where be everybody ? my family own this place . we employ over six hundred people . make the best shoe in New England . Alan look around , troubled , he emotion a combination '' ob 43. of ruefuiness and loss ; he remember the last time he see he father . peter ( look around the . cavernous space . a lot of shoe . Alan see something o.s. , above the factory floor . alan be Pov - he father' old office - a door be slightly ajar . the door have a frost pane of glass and through the frost pane we can see -- the silhouette of a man smoking a pipe - the pipe be of the exact shape Sam parrish use to smoke . back to scene - alan run up the stair to he father 's office . Judy and Peter follow . at the top of the stair - alan push open the door . alan dad ? . he push open the door . the office be in stark contrast to what we see in 1969 . wine bottle on floor . trash everywhere . a bum , about 65 , hollow cheekbone , be stare out the window , smoking he pipe . alan sorry , I ... think you be someone else . - ( begin to go , stop ) where 's the shoe factory ? the bum look at Alan , then back out the window . bum yer standin’ in it . : v alan do they build a new one ? . bum nope . go bankrupt . alan bankrupt ? when ? a a bum i98i . Alan , alarmed , look back at the factory . Judy take a step forward . judy do the owner still live around nere ? bum nope . judy where would he move to ? bum do not . Alan , Judy and Peter look at each other . CUT to : two marble gravestone , inlaid in the ground , partially obscure by leave , which read : Samuel Alan parrish June 18 , 1921 - May 6 , 1991 ; Carol Anne parrish November 20 , 1930 ~ August 19 , 1991 . pull back to -- ext . brantford - cemetery off town square - day Alan , Judy and Peter stand in silence , look at the grave behind a waist high wrought iron fence . in the b.g. , a steeple white church . wind rustle in the surround tree . Alan push open the gate . he kneel and brushes he mother 's gravestone , clear away the leave with the flat of he hand . Alan brushes off he father 's gravestone . he cover he face with he hand , remember .... alan ( whisper ) ... drop dead , dad .... ext . road next to graveyard . Alan , Judy and Peter walk down a sidewalk next to the graveyard , the tombstone visible behind they . peter we dad ... he die too . judy he fall . we be hike in the ce vad of judy ( cont would ) Grand Canyon and he go off the trail - where it be steeper . the ledge he be on break . - alan what do you dad do ? judy wrote advertisement . peter for soap and toothpaste . hamburger . truck . lotsa stuff . alan you miss he ? Judy and Peter nod sadly . they walk along for a moment . judy do you miss you folk , Alan ? when you go away ? alan yeah , at first . then .... ( face harden ) «+- I guess I forget about then . ( beat ) one thing I do remember . peter what ? alan hamburger . I want a hamburger with ketchup and onion . and cheese and ... . ( savor the word ) ..- french fries . CUT to : a sign read : " no shoe , no shirt , no service , " and widen to -- ext . brantford MAIN STREET - diner ¥* alan , barefoot and shirtless , stare at the " no shoe , no shirt " sign . judy and peter stand behind hin . judy I will buy you some shoe and a shirt if you help we finish the game . Alan look at Judy and -- v~ 7 4 ov CUT to : int . brantford - department store alan , in stay -press slack and a button-down shirt , stare at -- a fifty foot long wall of sneaker - nike , reebok , ked , converse , etc . peter you say you want to fit in . this be what everybody wear now . Alan look at peter' feet : hightop sneaker . Alan pick up a pair of sneaker . he examine they , remember he father 's plan for the factory .... alan well , what do you know ... CUT to : a glass be fill with coca cola , then lift across the counter in front of -- int . brantford - diner -~ alan , who grab the coke in mid-air and drink it in one swallow ; then he eat every last crumb on he plate and belches loudly ; he plate be spotless . Three other plate of food ( another hamburger , chili , etc. ) await . the waitress stare at Alan . two truckdrivers seat down the counter stare at Alan . during the follow , a woman in a side booth sneeze periodically . waitress when be you last meal ? alan ( without look up ) 1969 . the waitress frown at Alan and walk off . one of the truckdriver grunt : truckdriver 1 smart-ass . Alan rip open a milky way bar and chomp into it . the counter be litter with candybar wrappers . judy and peter , next to Alan , watch he eat . judy uhmm Alan ? alan what ? judy the game ? alan change my mind . Judy and Peter look at each other . peter you promise . alan you want I to help you play the game ? I have be play it for twenty - five year . I be not go . near the damn thing . the sneezing woman from the side booth exit . her arm twitch . they twitch again , more violently . judy oglare at Alan ) what about the lion in we house . peter yeah , and that monkey .... alan call a zoo . judy Alan , you take all my money . the truckdrivers , overhear this , look at Alan . judy continue , irate , louder : judy I need that money , Alan . truckdriver 1 hey . ' Alan do not pay he any attention . the truckdriver rise . they be huge , burly guy . they walk over to Alan . one on one side , one cn the other . they lean down . '' truckdriver 1 you take this kid 's money ? alan none o' you business . truckdriver 2 ( grab Alan 's collar ) hey , we be talkin ' to y.... wham ! Alan 's fist slam into the truckdriver 1 's jaw . . 1 he grab truckdriver 2 by the hair and slam he face down on the countertop . the truckdriver slump against the counter , out cold . Alan eat he candy bar like nothing happen . judy , peter , and the waitress , awed , look at the unconscious truckdriver , then at Alan . the waitress pick up the phone to call the police . ext . diner - day Alan exit , follow by Judy and Peter . judy if you be not go to help we , what be you go to do ? alan well let 's see . what be my prospect ? on the up side , I be thirty - eight , in great shape , not bad look and I own a little real estate - better tell you mother you have get a new landlord . on the down side , I be thirty - eight , untrained , no college education , ny best friend 's a tree sloth and I have not take a bath in twenty - five year . College ? maybe . Law school ? not out of the question . a wifg ? kid ? why not ?.. what be I go to do ? i'm gonna live my life . Alan walk off . we hear a siren and car begin to pull over . a ambulance van come racing down , mabn Street . we hear tire squealing in the opposite direction as -- a car veer erratically down the street . the ambulance try to avoid the car but it 's too late . the vehicle clip each other , fishtail , and lurch to a stop in front of Alan , Judy and Peter . o 43. paramedic 1 get out of the ambulance and rush to the car , he open the door and pull cut the driver -- mrs . thomas , the realtor . she 's barely conscious , she face jaundice . she be sweat profusely . she sneeze vidlently . her limp hand shake . paramedic 1 we get another one , Larry ! paramedic 2 run up with a portable stretcher . paramedic 2 jeez that 's over fifty . ( look around ) what the hell 's go on ...? judy and peter sharply inhale . alan look at Mrs. Thomas closely . with tremendous urgency , Alan turn to the kid : alan : what come out of the game before I ? judy there be the lion ... peter ... and the monkey ... and ... alan ( hand six inch apart ) +..a mosquito about this big ? peter '' itchy twitchy , sneezy fever , right ? alan listen to I : get as far away as you possibly can and stay indoors the rest of you life . he start walk away . the kid look at each other . judy 's Alan ! wait ! they hustle after he , catch up . a mother exit a store , push a baby stroller . she nearly bump into Alan . the woman bend to she baby boy in the stroller . the little boy 's face be flushed red . he sneeze , a oo mother what be it , honey ? the woman nervously hurry off . the ambulance tear off down the street , siren whooping . Alan look at the ambulance . look at the lady with the stroller . alan they be all gonna die . judy what ? alan you itch for a day , twitch for a couple more , then you die . the kid look at each other . they be really scared . judy Alan , the only way to make the mosquito go away be to finish the game . we have to finish it . Alan close he eye , take a deep breath . sigh , then : alan I know . ( look at Mrs. Thomas car ) . anybody here know how to drive ? CUT to : ext . STREET in front of parrish home - we hear a engine , and grinding gear . Mrs. Thomas ' car roar into frame , flatten the stop sign at the corner , the neighbor 's picket fence , finally the parrish mailbox . alan turn off the ignition . alan piece o' cake . everyone climb out . cut to : int . parrish home - live room - day Judy and Peter sit at the coffee table in front of the . game . alan be at the window pull shut the drape , talk to himself . uw ray o™ alan j have fun , kiddo , this time I be on the sideline .... iudy toss the dice . they roll to a stop . nothing happen . Judy 's piece do not move . peter try it again . alan at the curtain , still talk to himself ... alan I do my time in hell . better you than I .... Judy toss the dice again . nothing happen . judy Alan , it 's not work . Alan walk over to Judy and Peter . he stare at the gameboard . his expression darken . alan no. no. no . no nooocoocoo . it 's not you turn . peter - Judy roll first , then I twice " cause I get double . now it 's hers again . alan no. look . insert - the gameboard in close - up there be four token on the board , all on different square . Alan 's finger point to the different token . alan ( 0.8 . ) if this two be yours , who 's be that ? one of them 's mine . back to scene - alan look from Judy to Peter . they do not understand . y alan do not you get it ? you be play . the game [ start . in nineteen I sixty-nine . oe peter so who 's turn be it ? wu with judy i '' ( sharp breath ) 7 the person you be play with . alan my next door neighbor , and who know where she be now ? ( remember ) Sarah whittle . Peter and Judy turn to each other . CUT to : int . parrish home - foyer - minute later Judy and Peter watch as -~ Alan come down the stair . he have shave . poorly . his face be cover with piece of toilet paper . alan she 's not marry , be she ? peter I do not think so .... aie Alan look at he face in the foyer mirror . ( ~ he notice Judy and Peter watch he . alan what do you want ? I have never shave before . ( begin pull off toilet paper ) Alan turn to face the kid . he look like hell . . alan how do I look ? peter and judy ( lie ) really nice . yeah , great . cur to : ext . sarah whittle's house - day . Alan , Peter and Judy stand in the street , look at Sarah 's house . : alan Le she 's gonna be surprised to see I . '' ~ rm . u ow peter kind of the understatement of the century . we hear a crash . another crash as a book fly out the window . we hear sarah scream within the house . sarah ( 0.s . ) '' stop it ! let go of that ! Alan run inside . int . sarah' house - foyer / hallway the foyer and live room be thoroughly trash . we hear scream in a adjacent room , then many scuttle feet . Alan push open the door as -- a antique globe come roll down a fan-shape staircase . Alan step aside . the globe roll out the door . Alan look at the top of the stair at -- two jumanji monkey at the top of the stair who smile at he , chatter , and run away . Alan run into the room where we hear Sarah scream . sarah' house = library = continuous sarah whittle , wild - eye , hair muss , stand on a desk , '' shooing a jumanji monkey with a broom . the floor be cover with book and rip manuscript . she look over at Alan . sarah who be you ?! Sarah be not what Alan expect . she 's no longer the glamorous girl , but a dowdy 35 year - old , with wire - rimmed glass , bun - up hair , wear a conservatively cut , shapeless housedress . alan do not panic . the monkey be not go to hurt you . sarah . they be yours ? you from the circus or something ? I have already call the police . ( point a finger ) you be in big touble , pal . alan Sarah , they be not my monkey . —~ ? oo sarah ( suspiciously ) how do you know my name ? alan : - they come from the game , Sarah . sarah what game ? alan when you be thirteen , you play a game with a kid down the street . saran 's eye go wide . her hand go to she face . she begin to tremble . alan the game with the bat , Sarah . at the mention of " bat , " Sarah shudder . sarah how do you know : about the bat ...? alan because I be there . Sarah look at Alan closely . she sharply inhale . sarah Alan ? she faint ... ext . sarah whittle's house - day Alan come down the porch stair with Sarah over he shoulder . peter do you hit she ? alan no , I do not hit she . Peter and Judy follow Alan down the street . int . parrish home - live room following Judy , enter with a glass of water ; she hand it to Sarah on the couch . sarah thank you . '' uw or Sarah begin to drink . mid-drink she stop , lock at who stand before she . she put the glass down . look at he . sarah let 's sum up . you have be live in a magic boardgame for twenty - six year , now you be back , and you want I to help you finish play the magic boardgame or a mosquito the size of a sparrow will kill a bunch of people . do I forget anything ? alan , peter , judy ( matter - of - factly ) -- no. -- sound about right . . sarah ( rise to leave ) you be all lunatic . : judy Sarah , look . Judy carry the gameboard over to Sarah . set it down . Sarah stare at it . sarah get ... that away from I . why be you do this to I ? ( stop ; deep breath , talk to herself ) compose yourself . you be thirty - eight , a p.h.d. , you have have two decade of therapy , you be a logical , intelligent , rational person . she start for the door . Alan head she off . they stand face - to-face . . alan throw the dice . just once . sarah oh this be nonsense .... . alan prove it . throw the dice . if nothing happen you can go home , call the police , and have I lock up . they stare at each other . Alan hold the dice for Sarah in he outstretch palm . Sarah sigh . capitulate . on ov she grab the dice from Alan . she walk to the board , drop the dice , and exit .... the drum begin . Sarah freeze , she sloooowly turn . walk back to the board . her token slide forward . her rhyme appear . sarah' eye widen . alan go on . read it . sarah '' they grow much faster than bamboo , take care or they will come after you . " bit of plaster fall on the game board . everyone look up at a crack in the ceiling . a vine emerge . sarah ( whisper , incredulous ) oh my god , it really do happen . twenty - two year of session with Doctor boorstein to convince I it do not . SMALL vine push out from behind picture , out of drawer , from in between sofa cushion , out of electrical outlet , from molding around the ceiling . sarah I be he most interesting case . we discuss denial . we discuss reverse oedipal leaning . we entertained notion of psychosis and schizophrenia .... alan let 's entertain a notion of get the hell out of here . the tendril be blooming into purple flowers the size of sunflower . judy 's why ? they 's be beautiful . Peter and Judy reach out to touch they . peter yeah . this be cool . alan do not ! they shoot poison barb . vine tendril begin circle peter' feet . alan ( cont would ) and look out for the big yellow one . peter ( look around ) what big yellow one ? judy see the vine tendril around Peter 's ankle and scream too late .... judy peter ! the vine drag peter bodily toward a huge GREEN pod ( four foot in diameter ) which emerge from the glass door of a huge mahogany break -front . the pod open , revealing yellow petal and carnivorous teeth within . peter arggghh ! ! Sarah , Judy , and Alan grab Peter 's leg and pull . the vine be too powerful ; it drag Peter , and the other hold he , across the carpet . alan look at the fireplace mantle - in a glass display case be general angus parrish civil war sabre . Alan release Peter . he dash to the mantle . pick up a clock on the mantle and heave it through the glass . he yank down the. sabre and race back to -- peter , about to be drag into the flower 's " mouth . " hack !! the sabre fall on the vine , cut it in two . peter leap away . the vine recoil into the flower . Alan slide the sabre in he belt . pull Peter to he foot . everyone dash from the room and -- cut to : ext .- sarah whittle's house - day bentley' cruiser , dent and shot tovhell , sit at the curb . bentley' on he c.b. , look at the house . officer bentley I be over at the whittle residence , chief : there 's sign of a ' disturbance but no one 's home . ( beat ) will do . ten four , over . uo will bentley hang up the receiver . he turn and look down the street at the parrish house . CUT to : int . parrish home - library the foursome sit on the oriental rug in the middle of the room , the gameboard between they . this be a fabulous room , all mahogany and brown leather furniture . a bay window . floor to ceiling book . sarah stare straight ahead , breathe heavily . alan we will finish the game right here . whatever happen , we keep play . we stop for nothing . if I tell you to do something , do it . ( to Peter , pointedly ) if I tell you not to do something ... sarah hold on , hold on , wait .... ( turn to Alan ) who put you in charge ? alan I do . you want to vote on it ? . . sarah maybe we should . alan Fine . who think I should be in charge ? Alan , Judy , and Peter raise they hand . Sarah grit she tooth . judy Sarah , Alan 's be there . alan ( pointedly ) yeah , Sarah , since nineteen sixty nine . " in the jungle you must wait , until the dice read five . or ' eight ? " remember ? sarah ( defensively ) what be you talk about ? alan just something I have be ask alan ( cont would ) myself for , oh , about twenty - six year while I wait under a stinking palm tree for somebody to roll a damn five or EIGHT . sarah I be scared ! I still be scared . peter unm people ? hello ? ( they look at Peter ) can we argue after we finish the game ? sarah Fine . Alan 's in charge . saran give Alan a conciliatory look . Alan , in a conciliatory gesture , extend he hand . Sarah shake Alan 's hand . after the shake , Alan 's hand be still outstretch . . alan the dice . Sarah frown . hand Alan the dice . Alan shake the dice and roll for the first time since 1969 , and read : alan " there be a hunter proud and true , it 's not you day , he 's mad at you . '' Alan rise quickly as if expect the worst . he look around nervously . alan oh no . Van pelt . peter who 's van pelt ? a shotgun blast blow in the bay window of the library . Alan dive to the carpet , the shot go wide . Sarah and the kid whirl around , terrify , ' to see -- in the back yard ~ a great white hunter be draw a bead on Alan with a shotgun . this be van pelt , a imperialist transval englishman from a bygone era . he be laconic , humorless ; a remorseless killer . alan bolt across the room . % 6c. van pelt lean in the bay window and blast again . the shot rip into the mould , miss Alan by inch . Van pelt climb into the library and move past -- sarah , judy , and peter , who cringe in terror . int . parrish house - 1st floor hallway alan dash down the corridor for the front door . van pelt emerge from the library , draw another bead . Alan pull the sabre from he belt and heave it at Van pelt , javelin style . the sabre rip through the sleeve of Van pelt 's bush jacket and sproing !. stick into the wall , pin Van pelt , throw off he aim . Alan dash out the front door . . Van pelt rip the jacket from the sabre and pursue . ext . parrish home - front lawn / STREET alan burst from the house , sprinting across the front lawn and down the street . van pelt exit calmly , reloading . he fire again , then follow Alan down the street . ext . down the STREET ~ in front of sarah' house bentley , at Sarah 's house , look up , wide - eye , as -- alan sprint down the street past he . van pelt , walk quickly , precisely , come down the street , aim yet again . / bentley ( 0.8 . ) police . freeze . Van pelt freeze , he jaw muscle twitching . officer bentley be behind the door of he cruiser , about 20 yard away , he pistol train on Van pelt . bentley drop the gun and get you hand in the AIR . 's van pelt , instead of obey , wheel on bentley , blasting at the cruiser . bentley hit the deck as -- bentley' cruiser be blast apart by round after round from Van pelt 's shotgun .... the front and back windshield ... the headlight ... glass rain down .... van pelt turn on Alan . he 's get a clear shot . he squeeze the trigger . click . Van pelt 's out of ammo . he curse and sprint into the wood of the surround property . bentley slbwly emerge from behind the door , look around . he frantically reach inside the cruiser , grab he c.b. radio . bentley I get a armed and dangerous perpetrator on Blair Street ! a caucasian male with one helluva big gun ! ten four , over ! ( get behind the wheel ) do not go anywhere . I mean nobody . bentley roar off , tire squealing . Alan come back down the street . sarah , judy , and peter run up . they stare at Alan and -- CUT to : int . parrish home - library - day . the foursome reenter . they take they place around the gameboard . Alan pick up the dice and hand they to Judy . Judy begin to roll . Sarah restrain she hand . sarah who be that man ? ( no response ) Alan , if there be people in there try to kil ] you .... alan ( sigh ) his name 's Van pelt . he hunt . right now he happen to be hunt I . peter 's he hunt people ? judy what if he come back ? alan run like hell . Alan hand the dice to Judy . 62 . Judy roll ; she piece move ; she rhyme appear on the — ~ board . she stare blankly at she rhyme . ue . alan go ahead , read it . judy be face redden . she look at peter with beseech eye . Peter lean over to read Judy 's rhyme . peter " do not be fool , it be not .... '' alan wait a minute . ( turn to Judy ) it 's you turn , you read it . Judy do not respond . another pause . peter uhhm , Alan .... {beat ) Judy can not read . alan what do you mean she can not ....? ' ( turn on Judy again ) li how old be you ? — judy ( uneasy ) twelve . alan you be twelve and you can not read ? ( beat ) you be kid , right ? you be not kid . Judy turn away , tremble with embarrassment . her face scrunches up ; she 's nearly cry . sarah leave she alone , Alan . Sarah put she arm around Judy and whisper . : sarah . i it 's okay . peter she have dyslexia . it 's a read lo disability . : io alan how could I know ? stop cry . stop cry , will ya ? Judy stop . she rub she eye . alan there . you be fine . - sarah she 's not fine . you hurt she feeling . what 's the matter with t you ? alan ( turn to Judy ) look , I will read it myself , okay ? ( read Judy 's rhyme ) " do not be fool , it be not thunder ; stay put would be a blunder . " a slight rumbling be hear in the distance . peter sure sound like thunder . Alan be wary . he frown , listen to the rumble . he walk across the library to the bookstack on the far wall . the other follow . the rumbling continue . sarah what be that ? Alan ignore Peter and focus on the bookstack . the rumbling grow louder ; the book begin to shake and vibrate . in a instant it dawns on Alan : alan stampede ! Alan grab Judy and Peter and haul they across the room , push Sarah in front of he just as -- e@ wa . 2 i mar , -- a herd of rhinocerose burst through the bookstack and charge across the library ! Sarah and the kid , look over they shoulder , scream ! alan push everyone into the hallway and -- int . parrish home - hallway . -- they race pell mell toward the live room . the rhinoceros herd smashes through the library 's french door and come after they ! behind the rhino be a herd of elephant ! the rhinoceroses bear down on then . they hoof beat be deafen . they snorting breath be six foot away ! c™ ~ the four player dive into the live room as the animal roar past they down the hallway , smashing the west wall of the house to bit ; they stampede right through it into the side lawn . int . parrish home ~ live room the foursome tumble into the live roon . each gather himself and look at a awesome sight : the animal charge past the live room . it 's a live , breathe freight train : rhinos , then elephant , and zebras . pounding hoove and breaking furniture . finally it 's over . the four player slowly rise ; they timidly move to the live room threshold . they look down the hallway . it 's a total wreck , as if it 's be bomb . the floor be cover in rubble . part of a exterior wall be miss . Dust hang in the air . a flock of pelican flap past they and out the front door . the last pelican be enormous , with a six foot wingspan . it fly into the parlor and land -- -- amidst the rubble next to the gameboard . the big bird look at the board . suddenly it snatch it up in its bill . . alan hey ! no you do not . its too late . the pelican , gameboard clench in bill , lift off from the coffee table , take flight . Alan , Sarah , Peter and Judy chase it across the room . . alan wait a minute ! damn it , come back ! the pelican fly out the shattered live room window and lift above the tree , fly toward town . the foursome stand at the window , grim , in silence . suddenly a telephone ring , the sound muffle . . Judy and Peter look at each other , gulp . Judy follow the ringing to its source . she pull the telephone out from under a bunch of rubble . answer : judy hello . ° nora ( v.0 . ) hi , it 's mom . how be school ? ( po , vo judy uhmm , great , mom . int . a university office - day nora 's behind she desk in she new office . carton of book , some open , some not , be all over the place . in the b.g. , during this , be several academics ( nora 's new colleague ) . nora listen , honey , I have invite some of my department over for dinner tonight . make sure the place be pick up , okay ? ext . parrish home - live room - day '' Judy look around the destroy house , grimace : judy sure , mom . see ya in a little bit . Judy hang up and walk back to the other . they be still stare out the window . judy ( still grimace ) my mother 's come home . Peter look at Judy and gulp . peter what be we go to do ? that thing could have fly to China . alan pelican like water . judy where 's the nearest body of water ? sarah / alan ( unison ) the brantford River . CUT to : ext . brantford - MAIN STREET - day a window display of pawn shop junk include firearm : rifle , shotgun , handgun , as we widen to -- the stern hunter van pelt , on the sidewalk , stare at the display . he walk inside the store . 66 . int . brantford - pawn shop - day two oily salesmen smoking cigar and a filterless cigarette sit behind the counter . Van pelt.ehter , wear jodhpur , a cape , and a pith helmet . the salesmen give he a queer look . salesmen 1 ( grunt ) Morning . Van pelt slide the action of he gun , ejecting a spend cartridge which fly into the hand of salesman 1 , who examine it . salesman what the hell be this ? ( toss it to the other salesman ) lenny , we carry this ? salesman 2 Hell no . sterling and Johnson 6 gauge . that company go belly up in 1903 . salesman 1 you want real ammo , you be gonna have to get a real gun , buck -o . you a hunter ? ( Van pelt nod ) what do you hunt ? van pelt animal . salesman 1 you look like you get a eye for quality . lemme interest you in this . . the salesman reach under the counter , pull out a huge sniper rifle with a telescopic sight . salesman tap of the line . how do you love it ? . Van pelt nod . he withdraw a money purse from he cape . pull out bill of currency and hand they over . the currency be african transval , circa 1900 . salesman you some kind o' joker ? Van pelt do not react ; he withdraw gold coin and an 67 . toss they on the counter . the salesman 's eye light up . he pick one up . bite it . salesman now yer talkin’ . ext . brantford - MAIN STREET ~ pawn shop - day van pelt exit the pawnshop ' vith the high - power rifle . he smile , revealing many gold tooth . down the STREET - a police cruiser pull onto Main St. Van pelt stow the rifle under he cape and duck into the alley next to the pawn shop as -- officer bentley drive by , scan the street in front of he , talk on he c.b. radio . cut to : ext . brantford river - riverbank bullrush ~ day the camera move headlong through reed ' and bullrush . two hand gently part the reed before we , revealing -- the pelican stand on a big flat rock in the river close to the riverbank . this be a enormous bird . the jumanji gameboard sit at he foot , precariously hang over the rock 's edge . the river swirl below ! alan , on he hand and knee in the bullrush , watch the pelican . Alan creep across the bank onto the big rock . he tip -toe across the rock to the pelican . the pelican suddenly turn . glare at Alan . ext . iron bridge above the river - day a low bridge , about 100 foot long , connect the parrish neighborhood to the town center . Alan and the pelican be below , upstream , 50 yard from the bridge . peter , judy and sarah stand on the bridge watch Alan , whisper : sarah how in the world be he go to ...? : ' peter watch . he can do anything . ext . brantford river - riverbank bullrush - day Alan , on hand and knee , creep forward . his hand extend , sloooowly , toward the gameboard . '' '' o 68. alan hey there , bud . you get something of mine . I want it back . just a foot away now . now six inch . Alan lunge for the board . the pelican snap at Alan 's hand , nip it . Alan fall on he butt , grab he sore hand . the pelican , a rather territorial fellow , glare at he . alan you son-of~a .... ext . iron bridge above river - day Sarah turn to Peter with a glum expression : sarah you be say ? she look down at the river . ext . brantford river - riverbank =~ day Alan be perch on the edge of the rock opposite the pelican , look into the water . alan okay , let 's try the barter system . Alan pause a second , then , like a metabale tribesman , thrust he hand into the water . his hand emerge hold .... a big flapping fish ! on the bridge ~ sarah , peter and judy watch this feat with utter awe . even sarah , in close - up be amaze , and she whisper to herself : sarah my god ... on the rock ~ alan turn to the pelican with the fish , dangle it in front of he . the pelican open its mouth . alan 8 ya like that do you ? he toss the fish across the rock . the pelican lunge at it , swallow it whole as -~ alan grab for the gameboard . but it fall in the river ! the current take it quickly downstream , move toward the iron bridge ! oo 69 . alan sprint across the face of the rock and leap , in acrobatic succession , to four other rock jutting up in the river , with each rock move closer to the bridge . Alan leap from the last rock to the bridge trestle , cling to the trestle with he hand . he pull he foot up , lodging they in the trestle , then hang upside down over the rush current as -- the gameboard come whooshing by . Alan snag the gameboard out of the river and pull himself up to the trestle . he climb up to the bridge . judy and peter run over to Alan , cheering . they pat hin on the back . Alan hand Peter the gameboard . Sarah stand off at a distance . judy that be great ! peter ( to Sarah ) I tell you he could do it ! Alan look at Sarah . she smile slightly . sarah that be pretty impressive Alan . CUT to : int . nora shepherd station wagon - drive nora be drive along a treeline street toward brantford , listen to the radio . radio newscaster ( v.0 . ) ...now a update on that news from brantford Connecticut . nora look at the radio ; she turn up the volume . radio newscaster ( v.a. ) accord to source at brantford Community Hospital , fifty - seven resident have be hospitalize with symptom range from rausea and rash to violent seizure . wkor 's phyliss matthews be at the hospital . phyliss ? reporter phyliss matthews ( v.a. ) Richard , at eleven - o'clock this morning the hospital begin receive call from brantford resident with this symptom ..... oo 70 . nora stare at the radio with a worried expression . cuut to : ext . a shade knoll above the iron bridge - day Van pelt look down at the bridge . raise he new rifle . look through the scope . van pelt Pov - through telescopic sight we see Alan , Sarah and the kid on the bridge . the cross hair be lock on Alan 's head . before Van pelt can squeeze off a shot , Alan move behind a steel girder . the cross hair fall upon Peter with the jumanji gameboard . we can read " jumanji " on the board . back to scene - van pelt lower the rifle . thinks . his eye glint . he turn to walk away . the spike on he pith helmet hit a tree branch . the helmet fall to the ground . Van pelt snatch it up . put it back on . ext . iron bridge - day Peter have the game open . he look at he token . with he finger , he count the number of space he will need to reach the end . he think ....hmm . ext . brantford - access road to iron bridge the foursome be walk from the bridge . Alan and Sarah in the lead , the kid follow behind . sarah I have never tell anyone this , Alan . well , except my shrink - all this year I know you be alive . somehow I know I would see you again . alan I never think I would see you - or anybody - again . ( beat ) why be you still in brantford ? what would you use to call it ? blandford ? : ( Sarah smile , remember ) Sarah , what 's happen to you ? I think you be on you way to New York to become a actress ? . sarah oh I do not know .... the night you go away everything change . after a sarah ( cont would ) the police and newspaper get through with I , you just can not imagine .... . . alan you never get marry ? sarah nope . people just stay away . " there go Sarah whittle , the kid who see Alan parrish murder .... " ( beat ) I could not tell anyone what happend . everyone think I be crazy . after a while I think I be crazy . I be so alone . alan what de you do now ? sarah I be a writer . alan ( smile ) really ? novel ? sarah encyclopedia article . alan oh . a pause . they look at each other . alan I '' sorry Sarah . ; sarah it 's not you fault . alan I find the damn thing . ( beat ) do you ever think about I ? '' sarah ' every day for twenty - six year . do you think of I ? . before Alan can answer .... judy ( 0.s. ) Peter , do not ! 72 . Alan and Sarah look over at -- oy down the STREET - peter and judy be kneel over the ~ game . Alan and Sarah run over to they . - alan what happen ? judy he try to end the game . alan ( to Peter ) you do what ? Peter nervously stare at he shoe . judy he do not get a high enough roll so he try to change the dice . everyone look at the board - the follow rhyme appear : , alan a law of jumanji have be break ; you will slip back even more than you token . peter' token move backward to the beginning space . back to scene ~ alan glare at Peter . alan ( bite ) that be really smart . peter I ... I be sorry . Peter walk away . Alan grab he by the shoulder and spin he around . alan you know how dangerous this thing be . peter I say I be sorry ! alan sorry 's not good enough . if you be twenty year older I would beat the live .... cc. sarah . he 's not twenty year older . leave he alone . he 's just a kid . > of alan well I be sorry , Sarah , I would not know what that 's like . I do not have time to be a kid . Alan stalk off . then : judy ( 0o.s . ) you hand , Peter . look at yeur hand . Alan whirl around . everyone be look at Peter Peter hold up he hand . he hold up the other . both be grow dark fur ! peter ( tremble ) what 's happen to I ? judy ( whisper ) it 's the curse . we hear a engine gunning . everyone whirl around -- officer bentley' police cruiser be approach ! int . bentley' police cruiser - day bentley at the wheel pass Alan and the other . he doubletake . he slam on the brake ; throw the cruiser in reverse . ext . brantford - access road to iron bridge the cruiser , tire squealing , back up at 20 m.p.h. , move back toward the foursome . alan turn to Peter . alan . hide it . Peter quickly grab the gameboard and fold it up . the police cruiser lurch to a stop. bentley get out , radio in hand . bentley I get he , chief . right in front of I , bring he in ? right , ten four , over and out . he hang up the receiver . warily approach the foursome . 7 ) o bentley you know this people , miss whittle ? sarah . it 's all right , Carl . they be my heighbor . bentley ( point at Alan ) what about he ? . sarah uhhmm ...he 's ... bentley do not lie to I . I know something 's go on . bentley stare at Sarah . she nervously stare back . bentley approach Alan . bentley a whole lotta weirdness start about the time I see you this morning . ( sternly ) who be you ? do not give I any of this " peace Corps " b.s . show I some i.d. a nervous pause . Alan do not move . bentley you be gonna have to come down to the station for some question . another nervous pause . and Alan sprint off ! a gunshot split the air , then : bentley ( 0.s. ) freeze ! bentley , gun draw , approach Alan . bentley turn around . hand on the car , foot spread . bentley shove Alan against he cruiser . frisk he . cuff he . bentley shove Alan into the cruiser , say to Sarah , Judy and Peter : ~ you bentley . do not you go anywhere - I be gonna want some answer from you . as Alan disappear into the cruiser , he worriedly look at sarah , judy and peter . the cruiser roar off , head back to town . peter what do we do now ? Sarah watch the cruiser drive off . thinks . cuT to : ext . brantford outskirt - road a stone wall have be smashed ; it have fall in the road . a car sit in the middle of the road , its top cave in . it look like a freight train plow through the area . there 's a commotion , lot 's of activity ; flash light and park vehicle ; man hurry around . a police cruiser and firetruck block the road . nora shepherd 's station wagon pull up . nora roll down she window and shout at -- brantford Police Chief garnett walk by with two firemen . nora call to he : nora Officer ! ( garnett approach ) what 's go on ? : chief garnett sorry maam , this road 's close . you will have to find some other way through . Chief garnett walk off with the firemen . nora , perturb , back she car around and head the opposite direction . . CUT to : int . bentley' cruiser - drive bentley drive . Alan , handcuff next to bentley , look out the window at the pass building . alan the town 's sure change . ( no . 76 . bentley how would you know ? alan I grow up here . bentley the hell you do .. I have live here all my life - know everybody - I have never see you mug before . alan yes you have , Carl . bentley ( unnerve ) how do you know my name ? alan you work at parrish shoe . bentley right .... alan on the stamp line . bentley yeah , ' till old man parrish fire I . : alan what ? he do ? bentley his kid wreck a machine . like a idiot I take the blame . he fire I on the spot . : Alan look out the window , then at bentley . alan well , if it 's any consolation , I apologize . bentley for what ? alan for get you fire .... ( beat ) +.. sole man. bentley look in the rear view mirror , study Alan 's face . his eye widen ; he sharply inhale . it hit he like a hammer . o nx ext . brantford - STREET bentley 's cruiser screech to a stop , fishtail . CUT to : a telescopic sight ~ through which we see -- ext . brantford town square - day Judy , Sarah , and Peter walk along . the crosshair jump back and forth as Van pelt search for Alan . again the crosshair fall on -- the jumanji gameboard in Judy 's hand . ext . church bell tower - day the bell tower six storey above the town square . Van pelt lower the gun . thinks . as he turn away , the spike on he pith helmet hit the lip of the church bell . the helmet fall to the floor . annoy , Van pelt pick up the helmet . van pelt blasted thing . he put the helmet back on and cinch the chin strap tight UW . i = '' + the helmet secure , he continue into the stairwell . ext . brantford town square - reestablishing - day the consequence of the jumanji game be in full bloon . the place be a disaster . Sarah , Judy and Peter walk down the street , nervously look around . it be chaos . -- store have be pillage by monkey and / or people . -~ car be park helter skelter , some in the middle of the street , some on the sidewalk . -- a ambulance race past . -~ a man lurch down the sidewalk , face flushed , sweat , clearly disease . -~ we hear monkey chatter in the window of a store above , then merchandise come fly out . a motorcycle zoom past . it 's drive by five monkey . the motorcycle be follow by -- a deep rumble . we have hear it before . Sarah and the kid freeze . look down the street . they eye bug out in terror and they dive inside a storefront as -- the elephant , zebra and rhinocerous herd stampede peil mell down the center of the street . elephant fling car aside ’like toy . ; finally it pass . Sarah and the kid emerge from the storefront . they continue down the street . CUT to : ext . brantford outskirt - STREET before cover bridge nora shepherd 's station wagon approach at high speed a old New England cover bridge . int . nora' station wagon ; nora drive inside the bridge . suddenly -- the silhouette of a huge bull elephant fill the bridge in front of she . nora stomp on the brake and whip the wheel . the car fishtail and smashes into the side of the bridge , splintering the wooden side and -- ext . cover bridge -- explode through the wall of the bridge and diving into the brantford River . the car slowly submerges . second pass . nora bob to the surface . she swim to shore . get out on the bank . look up at the bridge . we hear the elephant trumpete inside the bridge . nora , daze and confuse , scramble up the bank and jog down the road . CUT to : ext . brantford town square - automate teller Sarah be punch in she code at . a a automate teller machine . Judy and Peter stand behind she . sarah five hundred dollar should bail he out . Judy scream . sarah whirl around , and stand before they be -- rc the hunter Van pelt ! Peter quickly try to hide the gameboard behind he back ; Van pelt yank it from he , Sarah and - the kid watch nervously as -- van pelt look at the gameboard . he find it very interesting and we see why .... insert - the gameboard - the great white hunter depict on the exterior cover of the board be Van pelt ! van pelt look up , eye glint . then he whirl and stalk off , the gameboard in one hand , he rifle in the other ! judy what do we do now ? in agony , Sarah and the kid watch Van pelt walk off -- CUT to : ext . brantford ~- STREET Alan ( nis hand now uncuffed ) and bentley lean against bentley 's cruiser . bentley 's laugh , shaking he head . he can not get over it .... bentley I do not believe this , I do not believe this . so if you do not get kidnap , what do happen ? alan I guess you could say I get lose . bentley shoot , Alan , the town have not be the same since you leave . alan could not have be that big a deal . bentley be you kid ? look around nan , the place be fall apart . * alan I cause that ? bentley maybe not directly . but the day you disappear you dad , well , he just seem to lose interest . stop come . to work . start drink . o 80 . bentley ( cont would ) you mother too . the factory go down the tube , I do not know if you have see it yet ... ( Alan neds ) you be everything to they , man . Alan 's brow knit . his expression turn sad . this have take he by surprise . a pause . bentley 's . car radio beeps . bentley turn . bentley we get a epidemic , wild animal run around , and now Alan parrish come back to town , what a day . ' scuse I . bentley turn and lean inside he car . Alan look at bentley' handcuff clipped to he belt . bentley , '' ten-four , this be bentley . Chief , you be not gonna believe this .... suddenly alan' hand thrust inside the window and yank the key from the ignition . bentley hey ...!! bentley , startle , turn and -- click a handcuff lock on bentley 's wrist and click the other cuff lock on the frame of the car door . : bentley what the hell you doin ?' alan stand there , smile . alan Carl , I can not explain now but this be for you own good . alan toss bentley 's key across the road , turn , and sprint down the street , leave -- bentley lock to he car door , scream -- bentley damn you alan , get back here ! ! bentley reach inside , grab he c.b. transmittor . click it on . a bentley tnis be car twelve , bentley , over ! ( beat ) come in , over ! we hear jumanji monkey chatter on the other end . bentley stare at the c.b. transmittor . int . brantford MAIN STREET - hardware store ~ day the place be trash . Van pelt stride in and walk to the counter . with a violent sweep of he hand , he clear the counter . set the gameboard down . look at it . pick up a screwdriver . poke at it . he unclasp the box . open it . stare at it . frown . ext . brantford MAIN STREET - hardware store - day Sarah and the kid , crouch behind the window display ( the window be smashed ) , peer inside the hardware store , whisper to each other . judy dee he know what it be ? sarah I do not think so . we have get to distract he ... peter yeah ! create a diversion ! like in the movie ! next to the hardware store be a lady boutique . Judy look at Sarah , then the boutique . judy Sarah , there 's only one thing to do . Judy beckon Sarah toward the boutique . int . hardware store ~- day van pelt. be now look at the instruction on the gameboard . he read they aloud . van pelt ( read to himself ) " , , .do not begin unless you intend to finish . the exciting consequence of the game will vanish .... van pelt ( cont would ) ( look up , concerned ) «only when a-player have reach jumanji and call out its name .... " nlook up again ) - bloody hell . Van pelt look at he likeness on the cover . he look over at -~ against the wall be a shelf stack with can of kerosene and charcoal lighter . Van pelt think . he know now what to do . he grin evilly . walk over to the kerosene . : int . women' boutique ~ day close - up of sarah' eye as a eyeliner trace a line under it and widen to -- judy , seat before Sarah , apply the make-up . Sarah have transformed . her eyeglass be history . she wear red lipstick . her hair fall about she shoulder . sarah now for the final touch . she unbutton the top two button of she dress . sarah what do you think ? Judy and Peter study Sarah . judy ya know , Sarah , you have get a nice figure . sarah I do ? judy ( nod ) Three more . Sarah uncertainly unbutton three more button , expose she surprisingly stupendous cleavage ! then Judy bend down and rip off a two foot swath of Sarah 's dress , make it into a miniskirt ! Sarah no longer look like marian the librarian . she be exotically , wonderfully , beautiful . peter yeah . that 's better . la ( CO 83 . int . hardware store the boardgame sit on the floor . Van pelt be dousing it with kerosene . he grab a emergency car flare , pulis it apart , yanking off the fiint . just as he 's about to ignite the car flare .... sarah ( 0.s. ) oh Mr. Van pelt .... Van pelt , startle , look over at -- sarah whittle in the threshold , lean seductively against the door , newly glamorize . van pelt raise a eyebrow . Sarah approach Van pelt , put extra sway into she hip as she walk . she purr . sarah tell I - be all man from jumanji as handsome as you ? van pelt go away woman . you be not get it back . sarah get what back ? . ( look at the board ) oh , that ? I do not want that , I want you . ( sidle up next to he ) what 's the matter , handsome , do not you like girl ? van pelt I have have my share . sarah I bet you have . you do not know how long I have be wait for a man like you . with all the wimp around here .... . she look over Van pelt 's shoulder at the gameboard on the floor and judy outside the shop , wait for a chance to snatch the board . Sarah feel Van pelt 's arm . sarah oh my my my feel that ... i) of she turn Van pelt , so he back face the board . judy creep inside the store , go for it . Van pelt turn around . Judy jump back outside . Sarah run *her hand across Van pelt 's shoulder . sarah I be Sarah . what 's you name ? van pelt magnus . sarah oooh . magnus . I like that . she turn Van pelt again . Judy creeps.in , then jump back out as Van pelt turn . sarah magnus , why do not we go back there , where we can be more .... ( wink ) ... comfortable . van pelt I be comfortable right here . CUT to : ext . brantford - MAIN STREET - day Peter and Judy be crouch outside the store . they hear footstep and turn to see --- ~~ alan run up to they , out of breath . alan where 's Sarah ? , judy ( put finger to lip ) shhh . ( whisper ) she 's in there with that Van pelt guy . alan ( whisper ) * do what ? peter ( whisper ) creating a diversion . Alan , perturb , look inside the store . as — ~ _ / ext . hardware store - day saran , frustrated , take another route . sarah go on and kiss I you big handsome brute . Sarah kiss Van pelt . he gruffly take she in he arm and kiss she back . and suddenly .... alan ( 0.s. ) Sarah ? sarah , startle in mid kiss , open she eye . alan stand in the threshold , blink . he can not believe it . Sarah be heartstoppingly beautiful . Van pelt throw Sarah aside and go for he gun . Alan rush Van pelt , knock the gun from he hand . it clatter to the floor . Alan and Van pelt go at it . a brutal fistfight rage through the hardware store . the fight knock over the kerosene can , spilling a large puddle on the floor . Van pelt knock Alan down , dazing he . Alan lie in the pool of kerosene , shaking he head . Van pelt grab the emergency flare and prepare to strike it and send Alan up in flame . Alan grab a shovel ( the floor be cover with tool from the fight ) and whacks Van pelt 's leg , flooring he . the emergency flare scuttle across the floor . both man get to they foot . Alan punch Van pelt so hard that Van pelt fall backward , landing on a rolling display cart of garden seed . the cart roll down the aisle , ramming Van pelt 's head into the kerosene shelf . van feit get to he foot with a kerosene can stick to - kerosene begin soaking the linen shell of the helmet . Van pelt grab up the emergency flare . alan and sarah be stand in the pool of kerosene . a tense pause . Alan throw up he hand . 36 . alan Van pelt . there be a can of kerosene on you head . put the flare down . Van pelt just smile . begins to ignite the flare . alan do not light that ! Van pelt strix the flare , it ignites . Van pelt cock he wrist to throw the flare ; the flame leap from it to the kerosene can stick to he head ! a plume of flame burst skyward from Van pelt 's pith helmet ! he struggle with the chin strap . he can not get the bloody thing off ! . ext . brantford MAIN STREET Van pelt bolt from the store , a human roman candle . he charge headlong down the street , he pith helmet ablaze , pull at the chin-strap buckle . van pelt arrrgggghhhh ! . Sarah and Alan dash out with the gameboard . Judy stand on the sidewalk . Peter be go . alan come on ! sarah wait ! ( look around ) where 's Peter ? judy up there . Alan and Sarah follow Judy 's gaze to a tree in front of the store . peter sit in the limb . peter' face be cover with hair ; he head be simian - shape . the game 's curse has work . Peter have become a monkey ! : , sarah oh my god ..... and Peter , almost in tear , say in a very small voice : peter be this gonna go away ? Alan , Sarah and Judy look at each other . 87. alan when we finish the game . c' mon . Peter hop down and -- 7 CUT to : ext . brantford - STREET - day nora , wet and bedraggle , walk down the street , nervously look around . it 's just beginning to get dark ; in the surround wood jungle sound create a unsettle atmosphere . she round a corner and see -- in the road ahead - bentley . be lock to the door of he cruiser , rattling the handcuffs , cursing . nora run up to hin . bentley my key ! over there ! nora run across the road to bentley 's key . as she pick they up and begin to return to bentley -- several vine tendril come out of the wood and grab for she ankle , just miss . nora run up to bentley and hand he the key ; he unlock himself . bentley thank -you . what 's you name , maam ? nora nora shepherd . bentley where do you live , Mrs. shepherd ? across the STREET ~ the vine tendril snake across the street and now we see that they be the mere end of a enormous vine stalk as thick as a telephone pole . 's nora Blair Street . the old parrish place ? bentley 's ear prick up instantly . bentley you get kid ? a boy and girl about eight and twelve ? cr 88 . nora yes. ( alarmed ) why ? - bentley I will tell you on the way . get in ! bentley get in the cruiser ; nora run around to the passenger side and scream -- inside bentley' cruiser - bentley look up as -- the huge vine stalk lunge through the window . bentley dive out of the cruiser and roll away as -- the vine stalk drag the cruiser sideways across the road . it disappear into the foliage as if it 's be eat . nora and bentley look at each other , gulp . they walk off down the road without a word and -~ cut to : ext . brantford - STREET ~ day Alan , Sarah , Peter and Judy approach the parrish Home . alan be look sarah over ; specifically , she dress and stocking ; she look unbelievably desirable . alan and sarah lock eye . Alan , up to this point , have not look upon Sarah in a romantic way . sarah ( self -consciously ) what ? alan Nice dress . should we keep play or do you want the go back to you boyfriend ? sarah would you like to rephrase that ? alan you kiss he . I can not believe you kiss Van pelt . I mean Sarah , c'mon , be you that desperate ? sarah ( outrage ) what ? you think I like it ? be 39 . alan sure look that way to I . judy Alan , she do it to get the game . to ( beat ) God , it sound like you be jealous . alan jealous ? of she and Van pelt ? ( outrage ) you think I be jealous of Sarah and Van pelt ? : peter I would be . ( to Sarah ) she 's beau-ti-ful . sarah ( blush ) thank you , Peter . alan jealous ? who be you kid .... ( he walk off ) give I a break .... Alan stalk off , ahead of the group . Peter run to catch up with Alan . Sarah and Judy be twenty pace behind . peter hey Alan ? I be sorry I cheat . Alan do not respond . : peter my dad be like you ~ adventurous - and he know all sort of people . ( stop himself ) maybe I should not say this ... ( beat ) you remind I of my dad . alan. stop . he turn to Peter . alan Peter , I be not you dad . I do not know anything about be a dad . I do not even know anything about be a son . Alan walk ahead , leave Peter stand there . CUT to : 30 . ext . parrish home - front lawn the foursome walk up the walkway , Alan open the front door , follow by the other . int . parrish home - live room ~ day they enter and freeze , stare in awe . sarah oh my God . reverse angle - the parrish home interior - the wall be thick with vine . the crystal chandelier in the foyer cast light through leave , create a dapple effect on the floor . jungle sound echo ; animal call , screeching and purring and growl . the echos create a vast sense of space in the roon . everyone stare at the room , very unnerve . cuut to : the gameboard open on the coffee table and widen to - int . live room - minute later the four player around the coffee table . the game be about to resume . we pan from face to face . sarah . judy . alan . peter . ( he 's a monkey ) Peter pick up the dice . peter who 's turn ? sarah mine . Sarah grab the dice from Peter . she see Alan stare at she leg . she pull she dress down . Judy and Peter smile . Sarah toss the dice . her piece move . she read she rhyme . sarah every month at the quarter moon ; there be a monsoon in you lagoon . judy monsoon ? good thing we be inside . 91 . miraculously ( because we be indoors ) , there be flash of lightning and thunder overhead . the most torrential rain storm ever film fall in the live room . a monsoon . a biblical deluge . visibility be five foot . the room be instantly flood with a foot of water . the water be rise impossibly fast . the storm be so violent the character must shout . ( they will continue to do so until the rain stop . ) sarah what do we do now ? alan upstair ! Alan , Peter , Judy and Sarah run through three foot of water now inte the foyer , head for the staircase , where they encounter -- torrent of water cascade down the staircase , from the mezzanine above . it be terrifying , like a flash flood . they try to climb the stair but the water flow be too powerful . they get push back . the water 's now neck deep . Judy and Peter be tread water .. Alan look around , think fast . he see the huge crystal chandelier in the foyer . alan come on ! but sarah be look down the hallway , apoplectic . sarah alan ! ! Alan and the other turn to see -- two 25 foot crocodile , as big and as terrifying as great white shark , paddle down the hallway toward the . live room . alan - swim !! the house now resemble a jungle lagoon . overhead , thunder rumble and lightning crack . piece of furniture float past . the foursome swim to the chandelier with -- the crocodile hot on they tail . the foursome reach the dine room table float like ed a 32 . a raft beneath the chandelier . alan get there first , pull himself up . he help the other up . the crocodile emerge from the water next to the table . Judy see they and recoil : 7 judy , ahhhhh ! the crock lunge , snapping at the foursome 's foot , then fall back in the water . the water continue to rise ! Alan make a " stirrup " with he hand . alan climb ! Alan hoist Judy , then Peter into the " limb " of the '' chandelier . Judy have the gameboard . the water continue to rise . the crocodile circle , lick they chop . the chandelier be swinging and spin with the shifting weight of Judy and Peter . suddenly a crocodile dive up and land , whump , on the other end of the sideboard , raise Sarah 's and Alan 's end like a teeter-totter . the table smashes into the chandelier , rock it . peter lose he grip and fall in the water ! peter ahhh ! help ! sarah slide down the table ( it be inclined about 30 degree ) toward the crocodile . her foot slam against the crocodile 's snout , a foot on one jaw , a foot on the other . alan reach down and grab Peter by the tail , pull he up as peter' head be pull SNAP !!! out of a crocodile's jaw . sarah look around frantically . the crocodile open and shut he mouth , scissor Sarah 's leg open and shut . Sarah scream ! suddenly alan explode into frame , grab the crocodile bodily , roll with it into the turgid water . Alan and the crocodile wrestle , thrashing about in the water in a intense fight to the death .... above - sarah and the kide look down on Alan 's predicament in horror . sarah alan !!! ext . parrish home ~ dusk nora and bentley approach the house . they hear scream within . as they draw closer , they see a stream of water come from under the door . bentley draw he gun . bentley let I handle this , mar 'am . bentley grip the doorknob and turn it . a wall of water contain half the furniture come flush out the door . bentley and nora be blow off the stoop and flushed into the street . CUT to : int . parrish home - live room - night it 's like somebody let the cork out of a bathtub . Alan and ' the crocodile be swim against the tidal pull of the flush water , like they be swim in place . the crocodile flush out the door . Alan grab the side of the doorway and hang on as the water and furniture and everything else in the bloody place flush out into the street . he get up quickly and hop up onto the table . he help down Judy and Peter . next come Sarah . she slide down into Alan 's arm . they stand there on the table . they face be close . sarah you ... you would have die for I . they stare into each other eye . the moment be charge . then Alan break away and hop . down . alan come on ! they dash for the stair . Judy still have the gameboard . int . parrish home - upstair hallway the foursome sprint up the stair . Alan lead they down the corridor . - sarah where be we go !? alan the music room ! Alan open the music room door and they pile inside . int . parrish home - music room like the other room , grand and impose . Instruments on the wall . a bookcase of sheet music . a coffee table and chair , a loveseat , and a big sofa . a enormous grand piano in the corner . the foursome sit in chair around the coffee table . they be all business now . no one speak . Alan roll . his piece slide forward ; he read : sarah " nature play a little trick , the sand you be on be very quick . " Alan 's chair instantly sink . alan get away ! quicksand ! Sarah grab the dice , Peter grab the game board . everyone dive from they seat and tumble away as - the floor beneath alan become a churn pool of ' quicksand . it enlarge . then more and more until the ir with Alan in its center ! Alan frantically cling to a chair , then a coffee table . he 's engulf in sand , and go down fast . Sarah , Judy and Peter watch in horror . they be freeze , paralyze with fear . 's peter | what should we do ? what should we do ? alan Sarah , think of something .... > 95 . sarah ( panic ) I do not know ... alan be now chest deep .... alan ' somebody think of something .... everybody look around frantically . Sarah see a music stand in the corner . sarah I know ! she run to the music stand , grab it , and race back to Alan . she extend the leg to Alan . Peter and Sarah grab the music rack side and pull . the music stand be telescopic and it pull apart . alan sink deeper ! now peter get a idea . he run to the wall and pull down a trombone . he run back to Alan . the coffee table have sink beneath he . Alan 's neck deep now . peter here Alan , grab onto this ! peter extend the slide of the trombone to alan , who clutches it . Sarah and Peter grab the mouthpiece end . sarah ready ? pull !!! they heave ho and the trombone pull apart . Sarah and Peter collapse against the wall and -- -- alan sink even deeper ! alan you honehead ! stop give not thing that come apart ! sarah see a curtain cord run up the wall . she . pull it down and throw one end to Alan . Sarah and Peter grab hold of the other end and pull . it 's no use . alan. continue to sink . judy , meanwhile , be kneel next to the board . she make a quick decision . she pick up the dice and throw they . her piece move . her rhyme appear . she begin mouth the rhyme . . A. judy " be there no thing one thing that learn you .... ( stop ; close she eye , concentrate ; :. she try again ) " there be ... one thing ... that ... you will learn .... the quicksand 's about to take Alan . Sarah lie down , reach up to the elbow in the sand , try to pull Alan out . judy .. sometimes .... go you . " no . '' sometimes you go ... back a turn ! alan ( in the sand ) and sarah and peter now hear Judy . they look at she as she shout triumphantly -- judy " there be one thing that you will learn ; sometimes you go back a turn ! " judy' piece move backward and -- the pool of quicksand be instantly transformed back to floorboard and carpet , restore everything the way it be , except for -- -- alan and sarah . Alan 's head , and Sarah 's forearm remain trap in the floerboard and rug in the same position as when the quicksand be there . 10 : ike a . ww i - he head be tilt back so only the front half of he face ( eye , ear , nose , etc. ) be show above the rug , as well as he two outstretch forearm and hand . he can move he hand . Sarah 's hand be trap , she butt stick up in the air . they face be inch apart . everyone kneel around Alan 's head . Alan say , with force calm , to Judy : alan I think you could not read . judy I never have to . ( smile ) until now . alan Sarah and I would like to get out of the floor now . I believe it be Peter 's turn . 2 Peter fetch the gameboard and dice . Sarah and Alan be almost kissing . sarah you never answer my question . alan what ? sarah do you think of I ? alan every day for twenty - six year . they exchange a tense smile . Peter roll . his piece move . Peter read : peter '' they march and eat and march and eat ; if I be you I would watch my foot . " . we hear a bzzzz and suddenly -- in the corner of the room - swath of oriental rug disappear in the wake of a teeming , swarm Mass of army ant . fifty thousand ant , in a ring , converge on Alan and Sarah in the middle of the room , eat everything in they wake ! the ant reach the sofa and tear into it .... bzzzz2z .... and the sofa begin to disappear . the ant begin eat they way across the roon ! Judy 's and Peter 's eye bug out . Sarah be quivering . alan' head watch the ant approach . alan you gotta be kid I .... ( snap out of it ; frantically now ) they like wood ! give them furniture ! Peter and Judy drag furniture across the rug in front of the ant 's path . ext . parrish home - dusk nora , stunne and bedraggle , approach the house again . int . parrish home - music room b222222 - the coffee table begin to slowly sink to the floor as the ant tear into the leg ! 98 . Alan stare at the shrink coffee table in terror . 2 ) alan = my dad have a axe in the woodsh out back . get it and chop I out of here ! peter I will get it ! peter race for the staircase while -- judy drag a ottoman loveseat in front of the ant 's path . bzzz2zz2z ...... int . staircase / foyer - peter come racing down the stair . he turn the corner and run down the hallway toward the back door . camera pan from peter exite the shot to -- nora enter , look around in horror at the carnage . she walk to the live room . look up at -- alan' legs and sarah' hand stick through the ceiling , dangle in the middle of the live room . she hear scream above . she go upstairs . cb ext . parrish home - back yard Peter run up to the woodsh . the door be padlocked . he look in the window . he look around , panic . he see a rusty axe lean against the side of the shed . he grab it and begin chopping at the padlock , so he can get into the shed , so he can get the ...... he suddenly stop . look at the axe . he look directly into camera . he run inside with the axe . int . parrish home - 2 nd floor corridor nora come down the hall . she still hear scream and commotion . she go to the end of the hall . she -°- choose she bedroom . she open the door to see -- int . parrish home - master bedroom the lion , snoozing on nora' bed , wake up and see -- nora outside the room . c ne the lion smile . the he roooaaarr and bare its tooth . nora slam the master bedroom door just in time as the oo om 99 . lion spring at she . nora turn , come face - to- face with -- peter , who come up the stair with the axe . and he look like a monkey ! Peter approach she . nora , terrify , back up from this axe-wield monkey ! peter himom . it 's I , Peter . can not talk right now . see ya . Peter race inside the music room as -- nora scream and back away , whirling , come face - to - face with a poisonous violet vine . cur to : int . parrish home - music room peter enter with the axe . judy ' S roll the grand piano into the path of the oncoming ant , which instantly rip into it , bzz2z22z2 . the piano begin to slowly lower .... judy grab the axe from Peter . she begin to furiously chop the rug and floorboard around Sarah 's hand . one hand be freed . then the other . Sarah pull she hand out and grab the axe from Judy . Sarah begin to chop the rug and floorboard around alan' head . Alan close he eye , flinching . , alan uhh ... be careful with that Sarah .... the army ant be five foot away , move through the grand piano , bzz22z , like a chainsaw .... sarah be chopping furiously . she chop through the rug and floorboard on one side of Alan 's head . she chop through the rug and floorboard on the other side . Wood be fly everywhere . suddenly Alan 's hand wriggle free from the splinter floorboard ! and now he can move he neck ! the ant be finish with the grand piano - the only thing uneaten be the pedal and the piano wire ! and on the ant come , swarm for Alan 's head ! alan wriggle free and pull himself up as the ant swarm around the hole in which he be trap . ? 190 . Alan , Sarah and the kid run from the music room into -- int . 2 nd floor hallway they come out , run right into nora shepherd , who lie unconscious on the floor . her neck be stick with poison barb . her face be flushed with poison . the poisonous violet hover over she menacingly . alan who be that ? judy my mother ! Alan see he bone -handle knife still stick in the floor ( where he through it to escape the lion ) . he grab and throw . sproing !! it impale the violet against the wall . the violet droops and die . Alan pick up nora and run for the stair . alan the attic ! come on ! cuT to : int . parrish home - attic they enter . Alan lay nora shepherd on the floor . Peter set down the gameboard . Peter and Judy kneel over they mother . Judy panic . judy Alan , she 's die ! alan do not worry ! we can end the game ! look ! insert - the gameboard - the four token be group near " jumanji . " two be closer than the other . back to scene alan Sarah and Judy be close but I be close . Sarah need a.... one two three four ... ( count space ) ».- mine or higher . Judy need a ... seven or better . ( beat ) all I need be a five . : —™ _ 101 . alan ( cont would ) ( grab dice ; hand they to Sarah ) Roll . Sarah rolt . they tumble to a stop . her piece move ; she rhyme appear . Peter read : peter " now you have a lot at stake ; it might get worse , here come a quake . " nothing happen at first . no sound , no movement . slowly the wall begin to rattle . then the wall shake . from the very depth of the earth , we hear the deep , most unsettle , bonecrunch rumble we have ever hear . the floor begin to roll and shake . Judy and Peter try to stand but the earthquake throw they to the floor . now it happen all at once -- the attic floorboard begin to separate as -- ext , parrish home - long shot the parrish home light erally split in two section along th . we can see a cross section of the house , to at the jungle phenomenon on each floor ! int . parrish home - attic Alan grab the dice . he grab for the gameboard but -- the gameboard fall between the section of house and land , precariously , between two severe floorboard . judy what be we go to do now ? peter Alan , you can end the game on you next roll . that 's she only chance ! but they do not have the damn gameboard ! Alan pocket the dice . he stand on the lip of the crater attic floor . below be evi the earth . Alan look down . the first ec be fifty foot down , a dizzying drop . Alan run to the spiral staircase . he slide on the banister pole , spiraling around and around until he 102 . come to a point where the banister be severe . Alan leap from the banister to -- a hanging vine . he swing down into the crevice between the two section of house , snapping off jag piece of floorboard as he swing . he swing past the gameboard , snatching it , and jump from the vine , landing -- ext . parrish home - live room -- in the center of the live room . Alan set the boardgame on the floor and pull the dice from he pocket . he call upstairs . alan hang on , I be almost there ! I can end the game with my next roll ! he 's about to toss the dice when suddenly .... . van pelt ( 0.s. ) don't move . Alan whirl around . across the live room come -- van pelt , he pith helmet burn and scorched . only the rib of the helmet remain . he train he rifle on Alan . Van pelt can not see from this vantage point the gameboard on the floor behind the couch . — he cross the room . gun levele at Alan 's head . van pelt - what be in you hand ? alan nothing . van pelt Drop it . Alan 's clench fist be directly over the gameboard . . sarah ( 0.5 . ) you would better do what he say . sarah clamber down from the break staircase . alan open he fist . the dice fall from he hand . one die fall onto the gameboard , landing " 3 . " the other die hit the edge of the gameboard , bounce , o ce ) om ~ 103 . scuttle across the floor and roll into the earthquake crevice , landing on its edge on a small ledge below . alan and sarah stare , wide - eye at the die in the crevice ! and Van pelt cock he gun ! van pelt ! now I have you . the die on the ledge begin to wobble . van pelt finger move to the trigger . van pelt you will not escape I now . ( cock gun ) thanks for the hunt . van pelt finger begin to squeeze the trigger as -- -- the die in the crevice finally roll over , landing " 2 . " alan' token , in close - up ( it be huge ) , advance onto the " jumanji " square . Alan yell -- ' alan jumanji ! -- as van pelt pull the trigger . sarah nooo ! Sarah step in front of Alan to take the bullet . the bullet from Van pelt 's gun exit the barrel , fly through the air and -- dematerialize in mid-air , one foot fron Sarah 's head . Sarah scream . Alan hold she tight . time seem to stop . there be a rushing of wind , whipping round and round the wall of the live room . alan and sarah , in close - up , exchange look as each know the game be end . van pelt whirl around , terrify . his gun fly from he hand , vaporize . ' i ' ' 7 in 7 . suddenly the wall | explode and everything from the world of jumanji be within this swirl circle of wind -- '. ( ~ 104 . -- the vine ; the monkey ; the big mosquito ; the rhino and elephant ; the : crocodile ; the pelican ; and finally Van pelt -- and one by one , the jumanji phenomenon be compress and suck shhhuuummmppp !! into the center of the board , van pelt go last , he head stick like a cork in a bottle . shummmp !! he 's suck in and he waaaiiilll back into the world of jumanji . then all be still . camera be still tight on the gameboard , but pulling back , it 's no longer on the live room floor , but ona coffee table . camera tilt up to the face of -- alan parrish and sarah whittle , age 12 and 13 again , cling to each other in the live room , exactly as they be in 1969 . they mouth open . they biink . the pendulum of the grandfather clock be swinging again and we hear the last two gong . we hear the front door open . Alan and Sarah , startle , turn to see -- SAM parrish enter . . SAM parrish forget my note . he continue into the dining roon . Sarah and Alan turn back to each cther . Sarah pick up Judy 's token . sarah ( sadly ) Judy . Alan pick up Peter 's token . alan ( same ) Peter . Sam parrish renter the foyer , he 3x5 card in hand . SAM parrish bye . alan dad ? Alan get up and walk into the foyer . Father and son stare at each . on 7 105 . SAM parrish ( coldly ) what . Alan run to he father and hug he . and Sam parrish , startle , almost overwhelm by this , slowly return the hug . alan I be sorry about what I say . I will go to camp if you want I to . the break from the hug , regard each other . Alan 's tone have be uncharacteristically sincere . Sam be still surprised and somewhat skeptical . SAM parrish what 's the catch ? alan no catch . I just want to be a kid . Alan smile . and Sam parrish , startle by this exchange , smile back . SAM parrish well , I guess I will ... see you later . he walk to the door . dad ? Sam parrish stop . turn . alan today in the factory ? it be not Carl bentley 's fault . it be mine . Sam parrish stare at Alan , non-pluss . SAM parrish I be glad you tell I . Sam parrish shake he head ( he do not really understand what just happen ) open the door and exit . Alan stand in silence in the foyer . he look at he 12 year - old body in the mirror . Sarah appear next to he , also look in the mirror . she run she hand over she chest . Alan rub he whiskerless jaw . alan it 's like we never play . b 106 , CUT to : ext . brantford - iron bridge - night Alan and Sarah , riding double on Alan 's bike , pedal up to the bridge . Sarah hold a paper grocery bag . they stop in the middle . Sarah hold open the bag ; Alan reach inside . he pull out the jumanji box ; it 's clasped shut ; two big rock have be tie to it with twine . Alan step to the railing and heave the box over . the jumanji BOX plunge into the turbulent river , landing with a splash !! Alan and Sarah watch the game submerge . sarah I be start to forget what it 's like to be a grow -up . alan I too . that 's okay , as long as we do not forget each other . , sarah or Peter and Judy . they look into each other 's eye . sarah there 's something I have be want to do .... and Sarah whittle kiss Alan parrish on the lip . they smile at each other . they walk to Alan 's bike , hold hand . fade to black . fade in : ext . brantford ~- MAIN STREET ~- reestablishing - day once again brantford be picturesque , prosperous and active : it 's a update , 1995 version of the town we see when 12 year - old Alan parrish be riding he bike in 1969 . super : brantford , Connecticut - 1995 ext . brantford river ~- reestablishing - day the old mill house be go . in its place be a corporate complex : sleek structure , om ) 1907 . cut edge architecture . a new , more modern sign announce : " parrish shoe , five generation of quality . " camera close in on a window on the top floor . int . " parrish shoe " - top floor office suite very posh and urbane . vast window look out on brantford River and the roll hill beyond . a man be behind he desk , look out the window while speak on the phone . we do not see he . man Charlie , I know he 's just a basketball player , but he 's go to sell a lot of shoe . here , I will put you on with my vice- president . the swivel around . it be alan parrish , 37 now . his hair be neatly trim . his tie 's tuck in , he shirtsleeve roll . he hand the phone to -- carl bentley , 45 , in suit and tie , the vice- president of parrish shoe . bentley smile and take the phone . alan see ya tomorrow , Carl . bentley have a good night , Alan . Alan rise , put on he suit jacket , and head out . cut to : ext . _ parrish house ~ dusk the house as we first see it in 1969 . Grand and charming . light twinkle within . a car come down the street and pull into the driveway . int . parrish house - kitchen Alan , @ress casually , be on the phone . in the background we see dish of prepare food . alan and the new wing turn out a lot better than we think .... the front door bell ring . the kitchen door open . sarah push open the door . she enter the kitchen . she be several month pregnant . sarah honey , they be here . 108 . sarah ( cont would ) ( as she exit ) this be so exciting . alan - listen , dad , my new marketing director 's in town and they have come for dinner . ( beat ) great ... give mom my love . Alan hang up and smile at Sarah . they exit into the hallway . in the foyer - together they go to the front door . they pause a second , then Alan open the door . a man stand in the threshold , mid 30' , smartly dress , with intelligent eye . he smile broadly and extend he hand . man good evening Alan ! alan ( shaking he hand ) Jim ! welcome aboard ! Sarah extend she hand . sarah * hi Jim , Sarah parrish . man my pleasure . ( look over he shoulder ) here 's some people you have not meet . honey ? nora shepherd appear next to she husband . then judy and peter , just as we leave then . Alan and Sarah exchange a private smile . . sarah you must be Judy and Peter . judy and peter hi. alan come in , come in ! Alan usher in Judy and Peter and they parent . they move into the live room , nora and she child gaze around at the grand space . L ) nora oh my goodness . peter wowww ! Alan go to the sideboard , come back with two shoeboxe . he hand one to Judy , one to Peter . alan call this a " welcome to parrish shoe present . '' go ahead , open they . Judy and Peter excitedly take the shoe box from Alan . sarah turn to nora . : nora the kid be so excited about move here . the school 's system 's great for hear , especially for Judy . ( smile , watch she daughter open the present ; whisper to sarah} she 's get a little dyslexia . - judy loox , mom ! Judy and Peter hold up state - of - the-art sneaker , very stylish . judy ( read the back of the sneaker ) Air ... ju...man ... ji't ! alan and sarah exchange another furtive look : ( do they remember ? ) but Peter just shrug and say : peter , that 's a weird name for a sneaker . Alan and Sarah exchange a private smile . ext . parrish home - night camera look through the foyer window as Alan and Sarah and the shepherd move inside , they voice continue : alan ( v.0 . ) you be dad 's go to find a way to market it , Peter . do you know he 's a advertising genius ? 210 . peter ( v.0 . ) he 's a better hiker ! nora and Jim laugh . . - nora shepherd ( v.o. ) Peter 's still angry we have to miss we vacation . we go every year . Jim love to vock climb . camera move back to the STREET , take in the whole house . . alan ( v.0 . ) not any more - he 's too valuable to I now ! everyone laugh . camera crane up and pull back , take in all of brantford . it be twilight and all be quiet , except for the sound of cricket , which grow louder and louder and louder .... fade out . roll credit . fade in , as credit continue to roll . ext . a rocky beach ~ day a forlorn girl , 12 , walk down the beach . boy ( v.0 . ) Adele ! Adele ! ici , ici ! she turn . the she run off toward -- a boy , he trousers roll up , stand in the surf . the girl run up . the boy hold something in he hand . he wipe seaweed off it . it 's a BOX we have see before . adele quel est 'il , francois ? boy regard . jew. Mon. gee ! they walk off excitedly together . the foamy surf roll in , splash on the beach . the ominous jungle theme music come up . credit end . fade to black .