JUNO written by Diablo cody ext . centennial lane - dusk JUNO macguff stand on a placid street in a nondescript subdivision , face the curb . it 's fall . juno be sixteen year old , a artfully bedraggle burnout kid . she wince and shield she eye from the glare of the sun . the object of she rapt attention be a batter live room set , abandon curbside by its former owner . there be a fetid-looking leather recliner , a chrome - edge coffee table , and a tasteless latchhook rug feature a roaring tiger . JUNO ( v.o. ) it start with a chair . int . bleeker house - mold -o'-riffic basement - night flashback - juno approach a boy hide by shadow . he 's sit in a overstuff chair . she slowly , clumsily lower herself onto he lap . a 60 's brazilian track play from a vintage record player . whispered voice do you know how long I have want this ? JUNO yeah . whispered voice wizard . ext . centennial lane - continued a dog bark , jarring juno back to reality . JUNO quiet , banana . hey , shut you gob for a second , okay ? we see a teacup poodle tethere in the yard a few foot away from the abandon live room set . the dog yap again . JUNO ( v.o. ) this be the most magnificent discard live room set I have ever see . she swig from a absurdly oversize carton of juice and wipe she mouth with the back of she hand . begin animated title sequence : juno march down various street , pump she arm like a jogger and chugge intermittently from the huge carton of juice . we watch she breathlessly navigate suburbia , clearly on a mission . ext . drugstore - day finally , a panting juno arrive at dancing elk drug on the main drag of she small Minnesota suburb , Dancing elk . the automatic door of the store part to reveal juno 's flushed serious face . she carelessly fling the empty juice container over she shoulder and onto the curb . a group of dropout with skateboard near the entrance glare at she . she enter the drugstore . int . drugstore - continuous rollo , the eccentric drugstore clerk , sneer at juno from behind the counter . he wear a polyester uniform vest . rollo well , well . if it be not macguff the crime Dog ! back for another test ? JUNO I think the last one be defective . the plus sign look more like a division sign . rollo regards she with intense skepticism . JUNO I remain unconvince . rollo pull the bathroom key out of reach . rollo this be you third test today , mama bear . you eggo be preggo , no doubt about it ! a eavesdropp tough girl wear a oversize jacket and lot of makeup gape at juno from the beauty aisle . tough girl Three time ? oh girl , you be way pregnant . it 's easy to tell . be you nipple real brown ? a pile of steal cosmetics fall out of the girl 's jacket and clatter to the floor . tough girl ball ! juno cross and cross she leg awkwardly , hopping . it 's obvious she have to use the bathroom urgently . rollo maybe you be have twin . maybe you little boyfriend 's get mutant sperm and he knock you up twice ! JUNO silencio ! I just drank my weight in sunny D. and I have to go , pronto . rollo sigh and slip she the bathroom key . juno race down one of the aisle . rollo well , you know where the lavatory be . ( call after she ) you pay for that pee stick when you be do ! do not think it 's yours just because you have mark it with you urine ! JUNO Jesus , I do not say it be . rollo well , it 's not . you be not a lion in a pride ! ( to himself ) this kid , act like lion with they unplan pregnancy and they sunny delight . int . drugstore - bathroom - day in the dim , reek public bathroom , juno hover over the commode with she boxer short around she ankle . she clumsily try to use the pregnancy test . we see the test box sit on the sink . it 's a teenwave Discount pregnancy test . the accompany outdated package photo be of a shrugging 80s teen with a resign expression . the fine print on the box read " from the maker of sun-glitz lighten Hair spritz ! " int . drugstore - front counter - day juno hold the develop test in she hand and slap the open test box on the front counter . rollo scan it and bag it indifferently . JUNO oh , and this too . she place a giant licorice Super rope on the counter . rollo so what 's the prognosis , fertile myrtle ? minus or plus ? JUNO ( examine stick ) I do not know . it 's not ... seasoned yet . wait. huh . yeah , there 's that pink plus sign again . God , it 's unholy . she shake the stick desperately in a attempt to skew the result . shake . shake . nothing . rollo that be not no etch -a-sketch . this be one doodle that can not be undid , homeskillet . ext . macguff house - evening juno walk slowly and dejectedly up the street to she house , gnaw on the Super rope . she stop and loop the Super rope over a low - hang tree branch , contemplate how to fashion a noose . juno trudge toward she house . the yard be a wild tangle of prairie grass and wild flower . int . macguff house - juno' bedroom - night juno 's bedroom be decorate with punk poster : the damned , the germ , the stooge , Television , Richard Hell , etc . she pick up a hamburger - shape phone to call she best friend , leah . int . leah house - bedroom - night leah 's room be cluttere with the sentimental junk that certain girl love to hoard . the phone ring . leah ( answer phone ) yo-yo-yiggity -yo . JUNO I be a suicide risk . leah be this juno ? JUNO no it 's Morgan Freeman . get any bone that need collect ? leah only the one in my pants . JUNO ( in low tone ) dude , I be pregnant . leah maybe it 's just a food baby . do you have a big lunch ? JUNO it 's not a food baby . I take three pregnancy test today . I be definitely up the spout . leah how do you even generate enough pee for three pregnancy test ? JUNO I drank like ten ton of sunny Delight . anyway , yeah . I be pregnant . and you be shockingly cavalier . leah be this for real ? like for real , for real ? JUNO unfortunately , yes . leah oh my God ! oh shit ! Phuket Thailand ! JUNO that 's the kind of emotion I be look for in the first take . leah well , be you go to go to havenbrooke or woman now for the abortion ? you need a note from you parent for havenbrooke . JUNO I know . woman now , I guess . the commercial say they help woman now . leah want I to call for you ? I call for Becky last year . JUNO eh , I will call they myself . but I do need you help with something very urgent . ext . centennial lane - night leah and juno struggle to drag a recliner across a well manicure suburban lawn . they make a formidable team . leah heavy lift can only help you at this point . JUNO that be sick , man . leah bust a gut laugh . it 's a stunningly accurate portrayal of bleeker 's parent . leah so , you be bored ? be that how this bless miracle come to be ? JUNO Nah , it be a premeditate act . the sex , I mean , not get pregnant . leah when do you decide you be go to do bleeker ? JUNO like , a year ago , in Spanish class . int . dancing elk school - spanish CLASS - day - ( flashback ) bleeker and juno be sit at they desk , listen to a teacher lecture about spanish . bleeker discreetly push a postcard to juno with he foot . she pick it up off the floor , read it , then look at bleeker , who be watch the teacher obediently . ext . centennial lane - night leah aha ! you love he . JUNO it 's extremely complicated , and I would rather not talk about it in my fragile state . she heft a coffee table with she bare hand . she 's wear she father 's lifting belt . leah so , what be it like humping bleeker 's bony bod ? JUNO it be magnificent , man ! int . bleeker' bedroom - morning cu of bleeker put on double sock in he car - bed . cu of bleeker put on he sweat band . cu of bleeker apply runner 's glide . int . kitchen - bleeker' house - kitchen - morning cu of a croissant pocket warming in the microwave . ext . bleeker house - morning paul bleeker step onto the front porch of he house for early morning track practice . he wear a cross country uniform that read " dancing elk condor . " he be eat some kind of microwave snack gimmick . bleeker be startle to discover that juno be outside wait for he . she have somehow arrange the live room set on the front lawn , and be seat in the armchair , chew a pipe officiously . JUNO hey bleek . bleeker hey , cool tiger . look proud . JUNO yeah , I swipe it from Ms. rancick . bleeker cool . JUNO you short be look especially gold today . bleeker my mom use color- safe bleach . JUNO go carole . ( a beat ) so , guess what ? bleeker ( shrug ) I do not know ... JUNO I be pregnant . stun silence . juno pop up the footrest of the recliner and lean back comfortably . bleeker I guess so . ( fidget ) what be you go to do ? the Dancing elk prep cross country team run past bleeker 's house in a thunder herd , wear a motley assortment of warm -up . they momentum stir the crackle fall leave . they wave and holler at bleeker and juno . JUNO ( v.o. ) when I see they all run like that , with they thing bounce around in they short , I always picture they naked , even if I do not want to . I have intrusive thought all the time . ext . bleeker house - continued bleeker I be suppose to be run . JUNO I know . there 's a awkward silence . bleeker so , what do you think we should do ? JUNO I think I might , you know , nip it in the bud before it get worse . because I hear in health class that pregnancy often result in a infant . bleeker yeah , typically . that 's what happen when we mom and teacher get pregnant . JUNO so that 's cool with you , then ? bleeker yeah , wizard , I guess . I mean do what you think be right . JUNO I be real sorry I have sex with you . I know it be not you idea . bleeker whose idea be it ? JUNO I will see you at school , o.k .? she mount she bicycle and wave before riding off . bleeker ( to nobody in particular ) whose idea be it ? ext . dancing elk school - day juno push she crappy bike into the bike rack and wind a lock around it . in the background , a group of 3 nerd play a live-action rpg . nerd you do not ! you do not have the armor . that orc armor you buy from the wizard do not have the power level to parry my hit ! int . dancing elk school - corridor - day juno try to push through the mass , but the throng of student be thick and unwield . int . dancing elk school - hallway - day juno rummages through she locker , which be plaster with photo of leah and bleeker , plus a giant poster of iggy pop in he heyday . she grab a dilapidate physics textbook . a few page slip out . steve rendazo ( the same asshole who harass she as she walk to the drugstore ) pass by in the hallway . steve rendazo hey , you book fall apart ! JUNO yeah . steve rendazo it must have look at you face . pwah ! he high -five he klatch of buddy and move along . JUNO ( v.o. ) the funny thing be that Steve rendazo secretly want I . jock like he always want freaky girl . Girls with horn-rimmed glass and vegan footwear and goth makeup . Girls who play the cello and wear converse all - star and want to be child 's librarian when they grow up . oh yeah , jock eat that shit up . we see Steve look back at juno for a brief second with mix feeling . JUNO ( v.o. ) they just will not admit it , because they be suppose to be into perfect cheerleader like leah . who , incidentally , be into teacher . we see leah at the far end of the hallway , talk animatedly with a paunchy middle - age teacher , keith . leah ( from a distance ) I too ! I love Woody Allen ! int . dancing elk school - science lab - day student bustle in , as the teacher , mr . tinker try to maintain order . juno head toward she desk and set down she bag . mr. tinker people ! we be do we photomagnetism lab today , so find you partner and break out into four . juno look up and meet eye with she longtime lab partner : bleeker . sound the go of awkwardness ! juno and bleeker head separately over to a available lab station and unpack they bag in silence . JUNO well ! nothing like experiment . bleeker I do the prep question for this lab last night . you can copy my answer if you need to . he slide a piece of graph paper in front of juno without look at she . JUNO oh , I could not copy you work . bleeker but you copy my work every week . JUNO oh yeah . I be kind of a deadbeat lab partner , huh ? bleeker I do not mind . you definitely bring something to the table . JUNO charisma ? bleeker or something . the other two lab partner , a humorless couple , join they at the station . JUNO so , who 's ready for some photomagnificence ? girl lab partner I have a menstrual migraine , and I can not look at bright light today . guy lab partner amanda , I tell you to go to the infirmary and lie down . you never listen . girl lab partner no josh , I do not take order . not from you and not from any man . guy lab partner you know , you have be act like this ever since I go up to see my brother at mankato . I tell you , nothing happen ! girl lab partner something happen . because you eye ? be very cold ? they be very cold , josh . they be cold , lie eye . guy lab partner what ? my eye be not lie ! girl lab partner yes they be , josh . since mankato , they have be lie eye . juno and bleeker observe the argument like tennis spectator , fascinate by the dynamics of a real couple . bleeker okay ... I be go to set up the apparatus . juno , want to get a C clamp out of that drawer ? girl lab partner I be go to the infirmary . guy lab partner good . call I when you be off the rag . girl lab partner Fine . call I when you learn how to love just one person and not cheat at you brother 's college just because you have four smirnoff ice and a bottle of snow peak Peach flavor boone 's ! guy lab partner good , I will be sure to do that , amanda . I will make a note of it . he furiously scrawl a fake memo in he notebook . JUNO snow peak Peach be the best flavor of boone 's . right , bleek ? bleeker redden and continue construct the apparatus . girl lab partner stalk off dramatically . bleeker shake he head and rifle through he textbook . int . macguff house - juno' bedroom - afternoon juno examine a large ad in the newspaper that depict a distraught teen girl clutching she head in a moment of stage conflict . the ad read : " pregnant ? find the clinic that give woman choice . woman 's Choice Health Center . " juno pick up she hamburger phone and dial . for a moment , she attempt to copy the melodramatic pose from the ad , check herself out in the mirror . JUNO ( talk along with voice prompt ) " para instrucione en espanol , oprima numero dos . " she press a few button in succession . JUNO yes , hello , I need to procure a hasty abortion ?... what be that ? I be sorry , I be on my hamburger phone and it 's kind of awkward to talk on . it 's really more of a novelty than a functional appliance . she smack the phone a couple of time . JUNO better ? okay , good . yeah , as I say , I need a abortion , two ... sixteen ... um , it be approximately two month and four day ago that I have the sex . that 's a guestimate . okay , next Saturday ? great . she hang up the phone . JUNO ( v.o. ) I hate it when adult use the term " sexually active . " int . health CLASS - day ( flashback ) a health teacher in slo - mo put a condom on a banana . JUNO ( v.o. ) what do that even mean ? can I deactivate someday , or be this a permanent state of be ? I guess bleeker go live that night we do it . I guess he have not do it before , and that 's why he get that look on he face . int . bleeker' house - mold -o'-rific basement - night ( flashback ) we see paulie 's face at the moment of he deflower : he 's comically wide - eye with shock . int . macguff house - dine room - night juno , she father mac , she stepmother bren , and LIBERTY bell sit at a very typical kitchen table , eat dinner . mac shovel food while chat about he day . mac you should have see this octopus furnace . I have to get out my hazmat suit just to get up in there ... JUNO ( v.o. ) my dad use to be in the Army , but now he 's just you average hvac specialist . he and my mom get divorced when I be five . she life on a havasu reservation in Arizona ... photo : arizona trailer park JUNO ( v.o. ) ... with she new husband and three replacement kid . oh , and she inexplicably mail I a cactus every Valentine 's Day . int . macguff house - juno' bedroom - day pile of neglected cacti fester in a corner of juno 's room . JUNO ( v.o. ) and I be like , " thanks a heap , coyote Ugly . this cactus-gram sting even worse than you abandonment . " int . macguff house - dine room - night bren be cut up LIBERTY be food diligently . her nail be brilliant , hold the silverware . JUNO ( v.o. ) that 's my stepmom , bren ... int . bren' workroom - day bren stitches a needlepoint pillow of a dog . JUNO ( v.o. ) she 's obsessed with dog ... ext . bren' tens - day bren 's nail salon in all its glory . JUNO ( v.o. ) ...own a nail salon call bren 's ten ... int . bren' tens - day bren chat up a customer as she apply a fresh coat . JUNO ( v.o. ) ... and she always smell like methylmethacrylate . int . macguff house - dine room - night Liberty Bell cough pitifully as bren lean over she plate . mac so juno , how do you maneuver go last night ? JUNO which maneuver , sir ? the one in which I move a entire live room set from one lawn to another , or the one in which I clear a sixty - four ounce blue slushie in ten minute ? bren speak in she strong city accent . bren juno ? do you happen to barf in my urn ? Mac , you know that nice urn by the front door , the one I get up in stillwater ? I find some weird blue shit , I mean stuff , gunk , in there this morning . JUNO I would never barf in you urn , Brenda . maybe l.b. do it . we see Liberty Bell blithely pour bacon bit onto she dinner . mac Liberty Bell , if I see one more baco on that potato , I be gonna kick you monkey ass . ext . women' choice clinic - day juno trudge toward the front entrance of the clinic . there be a lone abortion protester , a teenager of asian descent hold a hugely oversize sign that read " no baby like murdering . " lone protester ( chant in extremely shy , accented voice ) all baby want to get born ! all baby want to get born ! juno recognize the protester as a classmate of hers . JUNO uh , hi su-chin . su -chin oh , hi juno . how be you ? JUNO good . I be good . ( pause ) do you finish that paper for Worth 's class yet ? su-chin no , not yet . I try to work on it a little last night , but I be have trouble concentrate . JUNO you should try adderall . su -chin no thanks . I be off pill . JUNO Wise move . I know this girl who have a huge crazy freakout because she take too many behavioral med at once . she take off she clothes and jump into the fountain at ridgedale mall and she be like , " blaaaaah ! I be a kraken from the sea ! " su-chin I hear that be you . JUNO well , it be nice see you . she continue on toward the clinic entrance . su -chin ( call out ) juno ! you baby probably have a beat heart , you know . it can feel pain . and it have fingernails . JUNO really ? fingernail ? she consider the concept , then push open the clinic door . int . women' choice clinic - reception - day the receptionist sit behind a pane of bulletproof glass . the wait room be semi-crowded , occupy mostly by pregnant woman , teens and ill-behave child . punk receptionist welcome to woman 's Choice , where woman be trust friend . please put you hand where I can see they and surrender any bomb . juno flash she best jazz hand . JUNO hi. I be here for the big show ? punk receptionist you name , please ? JUNO juno macguff . the receptionist raise a pierce eyebrow and arrange some paperwork on a clipboard . JUNO ( v.o. ) she think I be use a fake name . like gene simmon or mother Teresa . the receptionist hand juno the clipboard and a pen . punk receptionist I need you to fill this out , both side . and do not skip the hairy detail . we need to know about every score and every sore . the receptionist reach into one of that ubiquitous woman 's clinic condom jar , and hold up a fistful of purple rubber . punk receptionist would you like some free condom ? they be boysenberry . JUNO no thank you . I be off sex . punk receptionist my partner use this every time we have intercourse . they make he ball smell like pie . JUNO congrat . she take a seat in the waiting room and rifle through a pile of old magazine . the magazine selection be lot of " mommy mag " and health related periodicals . she select a issue of family digest and gingerly flip through for a few moment . then she look over and notice the fingernails of a nearby teen , who look as nervous as she do . the girl bite she thumbnail and spit it onto the floor . juno look away , but immediately notice another wait woman , who absently scratch she arm with long fake nail . suddenly , she see fingernails everywhere . the receptionist click she nail on the front desk . another woman blow on she fresh manicure . everyone seem to be fidget with they finger somehow . juno suddenly look terror-stricken ... CUT to : punk receptionist Excuse I , miss macgoof ? there 's no answer . we see that juno 's chair be empty . the receptionist crane she neck and see the front door drift shut . juno 's figure recede into the distance as she tear off down the street , run as fast as she can . ext . leah house - day leah 's front door swing open to reveal a breathless juno stand sheepishly on the porch . leah sigh . leah what be you do here , dumbass ? I think I be suppose to pick you up at four . JUNO I could not do it , leah ! it smell like a dentist in there . they have this really horrible magazine , with , like , spritz cookie recipe and bad fiction and water stain , like someone read they in the tub . and the receptionist try to give I this weird condom that look like grape sucker , and she tell I about she boyfriend 's pie ball , and su- Chin kuah be there , and she tell I the baby have fingernails . fingernail ! leah oh , gruesome . I wonder if the baby 's claw could scratch you vag on the way out ? JUNO I be stay pregnant , le. leah keep you voice down dude , my mom 's around here somewhere . she do not know we be sexually active . JUNO what do that even mean ? anyway , I get to think on the way over . I be think maybe I could give the baby to somebody who actually like that kind of thing . you know , like a woman with a bum ovary or something . or some nice lesbos . leah but then you will get huge . you chest be go to milktate . and you have to tell everyone you be pregnant . JUNO I know . maybe they will canonize I for be so selfless . leah maybe they will totally shit and be super mad at you and not let you graduate or go to cabo San Lucas for spring break . JUNO bleeker and I be go to go to gettysburg for spring break . leah sigh , as if there 's no help she nerdy friend . leah well , maybe you could look at one of that adoption ad . I see they all the time in the penny saver . JUNO there be ad ? for parent ? leah oh yeah ! " desperately seek spawn . " they be right by the ad for like , iguanas and terrier and use fitness equipment . it 's totally legit . JUNO come on , leah . I can not scope out wannabe parent in the penny saver ! that 's tacky . that 's like buy clothes at the Pump and munch . ext . park bench - day juno and leah be sit at a bench in a park . they slurp giant blue slushy and sift through a pile of penny saver . juno have she pipe with she . JUNO the penny saver suck . leah yeah , but it suck for free . they turn the page in silence for a moment . they lip and tooth be windex - blue . leah look at this one " wholesome , spiritually wealthy couple have find true love with each other . " ( check to see that juno be pay attention ) " all that 's miss be you bastard . " JUNO ( read a different page ) there 's a guy in here who 's give away a piano . free for the haul ! we should put it in bleeker 's yard . leah you be not listen to I . JUNO no , I hear you . I just can not give the baby to people who describe themselves as " wholesome . " I be look for something a little edgier . leah what do you have in mind , a family of disturb loner who be into gunplay and incest ? JUNO I be think a graphic designer , mid-thirty , and he cool asian wife who dress awesome and play bass . but I be try to not be too particular . leah all right , how about this one ? " healthy , educate couple seek infant to join we family of five . you will be compensate . help we complete the circle of love . " JUNO yeesh , they sound like a cult . besides , they be greedy bitch . they already have three kid ! leah hey , juno. juno ! look at this one . she point to the paper and motion for juno to look . juno scan the ad silently . we see the ad . it contain a photo of a attractive couple with ambiguous mona Lisa smile . it read " educate , successful couple wish to ... " JUNO ( v.o. ) they be Mark and vanessa loring , and they be beautiful even in black and white . ext . bleeker house - paulie' window - night we see paulie 's bedroom window -- festoon with childish curtain -- and the light on inside . int . bleeker' house - paulie' bedroom - night bleeker lie on he car-be in he track uniform , listen to the same lp from when he and juno go all the way . he stare between the page of he emboss Dancing elk prep yearbook . we see the object of he gaze be juno 's black and white yearbook photo . next to it , we see a sloppy , handwritten message from juno . we hear juno 's voice read the message : JUNO ( v.o. ) hey bleeker ! spank off to this with motion lotion . just kid ( kind of . ) you best friend , juno . bleeker pick up the phone . it 's the same hamburger phone juno have . he reconsider and put it down . there 's a knock on the bedroom door . bleeker' mom poke she dowdy head inside . bleeker' mom Paul ? be you come downstairs to eat ? bleeker I do not think so . bleeker' mom you run eight mile today , puppy . bleeker I be not hungry , oddly . bleeker' mom but it 's breakfast for supper . you favorite , paulie . I make french toast and sausage . patty , not linkie , just like you like it . bleeker place he hand silently on he stomach . bleeker be mom juno macguff call while you be out run . she want to know if you be come to she little coffeehouse performance on Saturday . bleeker thanks for the message . bleeker' mom you know how I feel about she . bleeker you have mention it about fifty time . bleeker' mom I just hope you do not consider she a close friend . bleeker 's mom give up and close the door . we see that bleeker be clutching a pair of pantie in one hand , which he slowly release as the 45 end . int . macguff house - live room - afternoon bren and mac be seat on the couch . leah be stand nearby for reinforcement . juno pace nervously , try to suss out how to break the massive news . JUNO I have no idea how to spit this out . bren hon , do you get expell ? JUNO no . the school would probably contact you in the event of my expulsion . bren well , I be just ask . it seem plausible . mac do you need a large sum of money ? legal counsel ? JUNO no , no , I be definitely not ask for anything . except maybe mercy . like , it would be really great if nobody hit I . mac what have you do , junebug ? do you hit someone with the previa ? leah best to just tell they , man . rip off the Band - Aid and let it bleed . JUNO I be pregnant . bren and Mac be predictably speechless . bren oh , God ... JUNO but I be go to give it up for adoption . I already find the perfect people . leah present the penny saver photo of the lorning . JUNO they say they be go to pay my medical expense and everything . I promise this will all be resolve in thirty - odd week , and we can pretend it never happen . mac you be pregnant ? JUNO I be so sorry , you guy . if it 's any consolation , I have heartburn that 's like , radiating down to my kneecap and I have not go number two since Wednesday . Morning ! bren ( interrupt ) I do not even know you be sexually active ! juno cringe upon hearing she most-hate term . mac who be the kid ? JUNO the baby ? I do not know anything about it yet . I only know it 's get fingernails , allegedly . bren Nails ? really ? mac no , I mean the father ! who 's the father , juno ? JUNO oh . it 's , well , it 's paulie bleeker . bren and Mac burst into shocked laughter . JUNO what ? mac paulie bleeker ? I do not know he have it in he ! bren ( giggle ) he just do not look , well , virile . leah I know , right ? mac okay , this be no laugh matter . JUNO ( indignant ) no , it 's not . paulie be virile , by the way . he be very good in ... chair . leah fire a be quiet glance at juno . mac do you say you be think about adoption ? JUNO yeah , well , there 's this couple who have be try to have a baby for five year . leah we find they in the penny saver by the exotic bird section . bren look understandably alarmed . juno hastily attempt to make the situation sound more legitimate . JUNO but they have a real lawyer and everything . I be go to meet with they next weekend . bren junebug , that be a tough , tough thing to do . probably tougher than you can understand right now . JUNO well , I be not ready to be a mom . mac damn skippy , you be not ! you do not even remember to give Liberty Bell she breathe med . JUNO once ! and she do not die , if you recall ! bren honey , have you consider , you know , the alternative ? leah and juno exchange glance . JUNO no . bren well , you be a brave young lady . you be make of stronger stuff than I think . you be a little Viking ! JUNO cool it . bren first thing first , we have to get you healthy . you need prenatal vitamin . incidentally , they will do incredible thing for you nail , so that 's a plus . oh , and we need to schedule a doctor 's appointment . find out where you be go to deliver . JUNO the term " deliver " be so weird . can we not say " deliver " ? leah how do " crap it out " sound ? mac juno , I want to come with you to meet this adoption people . you be just a kid . I do not want you to get rip off by a couple of babystarve wingnut . JUNO sure , dad . Mac nod , satisfied , then contemplate the situation dismally . mac I think you be the kind of girl who know when to say when . JUNO I have no idea what kind of girl I be . bren ( sense tension ) why do not you girl go upstairs for a while ? I think Mac 's gonna blow . juno and leah hightail it upstairs . mac just tell it to I straight , bren . do you think this be my fault ? her mother 's fault ? bren I think kid get bored and have intercourse . and I think junebug be a dummy about it . but we have to move on from here and help she figure it out . mac I be not ready to be a pop-pop . bren you be not go to be a pop - pop . and juno 's not go to be a mar . somebody else be go to find a precious bless from Jesus in this garbage dump of a situation . I friggin ' hope . mac ( conspiratorially ) do you see it come when she sit we down here ? bren oh God yeah . but I be hope she be expell or into hard drug . mac that be my first instinct too . or d.w.i. anything but this . and I be go to punch that bleeker kid in the weiner the next time I see he . bren oh Mac , no ! he 's a sweet kid . you know it be not he idea . Mac shrug in agreement . int . loring house - day Music play as we see sparse image of vanessa loring's hand prepare the house for juno 's arrival -- spruce a vase of flowers . straighten a framed photo of the loring . dusting off a table with one of that wetnap for furniture . line up a shelf of book . ext . loring neighborhood - previa - day the previa cruise slowly into the loring 's fancy gated community . Mac pull over and park on the curb . ext . loring house - front porch - day Mark and vanessa loring have a impressive , though generic mcmansion . the entire yard be unlandscape soil . Mac press the doorbell while juno chew she nail uncomfortably . both look mortify as they wait for someone to greet they . vanessa open the door . she 's a pretty , meticulous woman in she early thirty . very banana Republic . vanessa hi! I be vanessa . you must be juno and Mr. macguff . I be vanessa . JUNO vanessa , right ? mac hello . thank you for have I and my irresponsible child over to you home . vanessa oh no . thank you . come on in . int . loring house - hallway - day vanessa awkwardly lead they into she home . vanessa can I take you coat ? JUNO sure . she take off she hood sweatshirt and thrust it into vanessa 's arm who set it on a bench . JUNO wick pic in the penny saver , by the way . Super classy . not like that other people with the fake wood in the background . like I be really go to fall for that , you know ? vanessa you find we in the penny saver ? MARK loring appear next to vanessa . he 's a boyishly attractive guy in he mid-thirty . he glance sheepishly at vanessa upon hearing the penny saver mention , then extend he hand to Mac and juno . MARK hi. I be Mark loring . I be the husband . int . loring house - live room - day Mark and vanessa usher juno and Mac into the austere , spacious live room . a woman in a business suit sit on the couch with a briefcase in she lap . MARK this be we attorney , gerta rauss . JUNO ( in exaggerated , growl german accent ) geeeerta rauuuss ! gerta ( straight ) Nice to meet you . Mac seize Mark 's hand and pump it heartily . mac I be Mac macguff , and this , of course , be my daughter juno . MARK like the city in Alaska ? JUNO no . MARK cool . well , let 's sit down and get to know each other a bit . vanessa I will get drink . what would everyone like ? I have get pellegrino , vitamin Water ... JUNO a Maker 's Mark , please . up. mac she 's joke . junebug have a wonderful sense of humor , which be just one of she many genetic gift . JUNO I also have good tooth . no cavity . we finally get fluoridate water in Dancing elk . she bare they frighteningly to demonstrate . vanessa stare , unflappable . mac we be fine , thank you . Mac and juno join Mark and gerta rauss on the couch . gerta so , juno . first off , how far along be you ? JUNO I be a junior . gerta no , I mean in you pregnancy . JUNO oh . uh , my stepmom take I to the doctor yesterday and they say I be twelve week . vanessa enter with the refreshment on a tray . vanessa oh , that 's marvelous . so you be almost into you second trimester , then ? JUNO yeah , apparently . I be have it on May 4 . vanessa the tough part 's almost over for you . I mean , my girlfriend always tell I the first couple month be the hardest . JUNO yeah , but I hardly notice it . I be more worried about the part where I have to start wear jeans with a elastic panel in the front . vanessa I think pregnancy be beautiful . JUNO well , you be lucky it 's not you . vanessa 's look to the ceiling . MARK ( clear throat ) so , let 's discuss how we be gonna do this ... thing . JUNO well , I just have the baby and give it to you , right ? gerta Mark and vanessa be willing to negotiate a open adoption . mac ( protective ) wait . what do that mean ? gerta it mean they would send annual update , photo , let juno know how the baby be do as he or she grow up . of course , juno 's legal rights would be terminate ... JUNO whoah . I do not want to see picture . I do not need to be notify of anything . can not we just kick it old school ? I could just put the baby in a basket and send it you way . you know , like mose in the reed . MARK technically , that would be kickin ' it Old Testament . Mark and juno lock eye . JUNO yeah . yeah ! the way people use to do it . Quick and dirty , like rip off a Band - Aid . gerta well , then we agree a traditional close adoption would be best for all involved , then ? JUNO shit , yeah . Close it up . vanessa be clearly ecstatic . MARK obviously , we will compensate you for you medical expense . vanessa be you look for any other compensation ? mac Excuse I ? JUNO well , no ... I be not go to sell the baby . I just want it to grow up with people who be ready to love it and be parent . I be in high school , dude . I be ill-equipped . vanessa you be do a amazing and selfless thing for we . MARK vanessa have want a baby since we get marry . vanessa I want to be a mommy so badly ! juno and Mac stare at she . mac you do not say . vanessa well , have not you ever feel like you be bear to do something ? mac yes. Heating and air conditioning . vanessa well , I be bear to be a mother . some of we be . JUNO Mark , be you look forward to be a dad ? Mark be catch off guard . MARK sure , why not ? I mean , every guy want to be a father . coach soccer , help with science project and ... I do not know . fatherly stuff . Mac cast a subtle , dubious glance at Mark . vanessa well , shall we start look over the paperwork ? gerta have already draft some preliminary document . JUNO can I use the facility first ? be pregnant make you pee like seabiscuit . vanessa sure . the powder room down here be be re-tile , but you can use the master bath upstairs . go up , then turn leave and on you right ... JUNO room with a toilet , get it . int . loring house - entry / stair - day juno head into the foyer and up the stair . we see a pose photo of Mark and vanessa in the stairwell . they house be beautiful , but frigid . juno rub she arm , shiver . int . loring house - bathroom - day the loring 's bathroom be huge . juno flush and go to the double sink to wash she hand . she open the overhead cabinet and see vanessa 's toiletry . she spritzes on some perfume and examine the more expensive groom item . there 's a crinkle tube of lube in the cabinet . juno pick it up , fascinate . she rub a drop of it between she hand and run it through she hair like pomade . int . loring house - upstair hallway - day juno open the bathroom door and instantly bump into Mark . JUNO whoops ! yikes , I do not expect to see you up here . MARK sorry . I be just get something . JUNO do you wife send you up here to spy on I ? MARK what ? no ! do we come off like paranoid yuppy or something ? JUNO well , you do not just invite a random pregnant teenager into you house and leave she unsupervise . I could be a total klepto , for all you know . MARK I do not get a klepto vibe from you . evil genius ? maybe . arsonist ? would not rule it out . JUNO I do steal a squirt of perfume . what do you think ? it 's clinique happy . she hold she wrist up to Mark 's twitching nostril . JUNO smell that sparkling topnote ! Mark inhale . MARK be I suppose to feel happy now ? JUNO you should be happy , holme . I be give you and vanessa the gift of life . sweet , scream , poop life ! and you do not even have to be there when the baby come out of I all cover in ... MARK viscera ? JUNO blood and gut . MARK we would better get back downstairs asap . juno mock he use of " asap " silently . JUNO ( halting ) wait a minute . be that a Les Paul ? juno be stare into a room with the door slightly ajar . we see guitar mount on the wall , and the edge of poster . MARK oh . that 's , uh , my room . vanessa let I have a room for all my old stuff . JUNO wow , you get a whole room in you own house ? she 's get you on a long leash there , Mark . MARK shut up . int . loring house - mark " special " room - day the wall be plaster with framed poster of early - 90 alt rock band . ( mudhoney , Jane 's addiction etc . ) Mark remove he les paul from its mooring and hand it to juno . JUNO it 's beautiful . I have always like Gibson better than fender . MARK what do you play ? JUNO I rock a harmony . MARK ( hold back a chuckle ) oh. JUNO what ? I be a pawn shop rocker . MARK sorry . I swear I be not a gear snob . juno turn the guitar over , examine it closely . JUNO what be that , mahogany ? what happen if you crack the neck ? MARK tell I about it . I use to play in a really tight band back when I live in Chicago , and one night we open for the melvin ... do you know who the melvin be ? JUNO ( lie ) yeah . MARK well , we be play with they and I bust this guitar onstage . it cost I $ 800 and a dime bag just to have it fix . JUNO when be this , like ' 96 ? MARK ' 93 . I be tell you that be the best time for rock and roll . JUNO nuh-uh , 1977 ! punk volume 1 . you be not there , so you can not understand the magic . MARK you be not even alive ! int . loring house - live room - day vanessa , Mac and gerta rauss be wait in awkward silence for juno and Mark to return . Mac notice a brand new pilate machine sit in its package in a corner of the room . mac so . what 's that thing ? vanessa a pilates machine ? mac what do you make with that ? vanessa you do not make anything . it 's for exercise . int . loring house - mark special room - same Mark and juno tool around on the guitar unplugge . they play little riff . he teach she a couple chord . int . loring house - live room - same mac my wife just order one of that tony Little gazelle off the tv , you know , from the guy with the ponytail ? vanessa and gerta have no response . mac that guy just do not look right to I . suddenly , a shriek of amp feedback , follow by loud , discordant guitar strumming can be hear drift down from upstairs . vanessa 's look to the ceiling . vanessa ( to she guest ) will you excuse I ? int . loring house - mark special room - day Mark have strapped on the Les Paul and be play and sing . " doll part " by hole . JUNO and MARK ( quietly sing together ) " yeah , they really want you ... they really want you ... they really do . " Building together . JUNO and MARK ( sing together and connect ) yeah , they really want you ... they really want you ... and I do to . ( both blush ) vanessa appear in the doorway . juno immediately put down the guitar . Mark do not notice she immediately . MARK ( passionate sing ) I want to be the ... ( notice vanessa ) oh , sorry honey ... Mark clumsily put down the guitar and stand up . vanessa you guy be play music ? MARK juno just want a closer look at kimber here . JUNO you guitar be name kimber ? MARK yeah . JUNO that 's all right . my axe be name Roosevelt . after Franklin , not ted. Franklin be the hot one with the polio . vanessa I think gerta be wait for we downstairs with some important stuff for we to go over . Mark hang the guitar back on the wall . he and juno exit the room , chastise . vanessa look to Mark in question . vanessa do not mean to interrupt the jam session . int . loring house - entry - day juno and Mac have put they coat on and be in the process of leave . gerta hand juno the document . vanessa and Mark trail behind . gerta so , look that over and give I a call at my office if you have any question . vanessa juno , we would really appreciate it if you could keep we update on any doctor 's appointment , ultrasound , other thing of that nature . JUNO oh. sure . of course you would want to know how you kid be cooking . vanessa so , then , you really think you be go to go ahead with this ? Mac stare at juno gravely . JUNO yeah . for sure . I like you guy . juno look at Mark . vanessa how sure ? percentage - wise , would you say you be 80 % sure , 90 % sure ? Mark seem visibly embarrassed by vanessa 's manic demeanor . JUNO I be go to say I be 104 % sure . vanessa oh really ? JUNO look , if I could give it to you now , I would . but it probably look like a Sea monkey at this point , so I think we should leave it in there for a while until it get cuter , you know ? mac I think that 's a great idea . MARK that 's great , right ? stellar news . well , you guy drive safe , and we will hear from you soon , all right ? mac all right , take care of yourselves . juno and Mac exit . Mark shut the door . all be silent in the foyer . Mark , vanessa and gerta stand motionless . gerta pump she fist triumphantly , try to create a mood of celebration . gerta ( overly aggressive ) all right ! vanessa bury she head in she hand and weep hoarsely . ext . suburban street - morning it be now winter . the track team jog in formation , leave track in the snow . that bastard never stop run . ext . dancing elk school - track - day bleeker be run alone on the track . his exhalation be icy puff in the air . bleeker 's friend vijay jog up alongside he . vijay be a solemn , skinny boy , much like bleeker . vijay hey man . bleeker oh , hey vijay . vijay do you hear juno macguff be pregnant ? bleeker yup . vijay just like we mom and teacher ! bleeker yup . vijay do you hear it 's yours ? bleeker yup . vijay what a trip , man . bleeker I do not really know anything about it . vijay you should grow a moustache . you be a real man now . bleeker I can not grow a moustache . it never come in evenly . vijay I neither . but I be go to stop wear underpant in order to raise my sperm count . see you . vijay jog off . bleeker stop and wipe away he sweat . int . dancing elk school - head office - day we be look over juno 's now five month pregnant belly to a school administrator fill out a slip . juno take the slip , turn around and smile all the way out . int . dancing elk school - corridor - day juno exit the head office and bump into bleeker . bleeker hey juno ... a couple of we be go to the cineplex after school to donut that movie with the guy with eighteen kid . JUNO sorry , bleek ... go for my ultrasound . gotta note and everything . bleeker okay , cool . JUNO I will try to drop by later . int . doctor' office - afternoon splooge ! we see ultrasound goo be squirt onto juno 's expose pregnant belly . a ultrasound technician be use a doppler device to view the content of she burgeon bump . bren and leah ooh and ahh at the result image . the tech take measurement and type they into she database . ultrasound tech that 's the foot ... all three oooh ... ultrasound tech and there 's a hand ... the monitor reveal the baby 's head . all three ( various ) check that out ... no way ... bren ( dreamily ) would you look at that ? leah check out baby Big -head . that kid be scary ! JUNO hey , I be a sacred vessel . all you have get in you belly be Taco Bell ! leah touche . JUNO ( gaze at the monitor ) it be really weird look . it 's like it 's not even real . I can not believe there be sap who actually cry at this thing . juno and leah look at bren , who be dabbing she eye discreetly . bren what ? I be not make of stone . ultrasound tech well , there we have it . would you like to know the sex ? leah aw , please junebug ? JUNO no way . no , I definitely do not want to know . ultrasound tech Planning to be surprised when you deliver ? JUNO I want Mark and vanessa to be surprised , and if I know , I will not be able to keep myself from tell they and ruin the whole thing . ultrasound tech ( condescending ) be Mark and vanessa you friend at school ? JUNO no , they be the people who be adopt the baby . ultrasound tech oh. well , thank goodness for that . bren wait , what 's that suppose to mean ? ultrasound tech I just see a lot of teenage mother come through here . it 's obviously a poisonous environment for a baby to be raise in . juno , leah and bren become immediately defensive . JUNO how do you know I be so poisonous ? like , what if the adoptive parent turn out to be evil molester ? leah or stage parent ! bren they could be utterly negligent . maybe they will do a far shittier job of raise a kid than my dumbass stepdaughter ever would . have you consider that ? ultrasound tech no ... I guess not . bren what be you job title , exactly ? ultrasound tech Excuse I ? bren I say , what - is-your-job-title , missy ? ultrasound tech I be a ultrasound technician , mar 'am . bren well I be a nail technician , and I think we both ought to stick to what we know . ultrasound tech what be you talk about ? bren you think you be special because you get to play picture page up there ? bren gesture to the ultrasound monitor . bren my five year - old daughter could do that , and let I tell you , she be not the brightest bulb in the tanning bed . so why do not you go back to night school in manteno and learn a real trade ! the ultrasound tech exit in a huff . JUNO bren , you be a dick ! I love it . int . juno' bedroom - day juno lay in bed check out the ultrasound print out . ext . loring neighborhood - previa - afternoon the previa drive into the front gate of Mark and vanessa 's exclusive community . a sign on the gate read " glacial Valley . " ext . loring house - entry - afternoon juno ring the doorbell , shifting she weight in the cold . MARK answer the door , dress in a t-shirt and jeans . MARK juno ? wow , I do not expect to see you here . JUNO I have get something really cool to show you guy . be vanessa here ? MARK no , she 's work late tonight . she 's try to accrue some extra time off for when , you know ... he gesture awkwardly to juno 's belly . JUNO right . I hear they can be kind of a time - suck . MARK come on in . you wanna ginseng cooler ? JUNO sure . what be it with you rich people and you herb -infuse juice ? MARK I do not know . something to do with the four-pack ... ( add ) ... they be not bad . int . loring house - kitchen - afternoon Mark lead juno into the kitchen , where he pour two drink . the stereo blare in the background . JUNO why be not you at work ? MARK I mostly work from home . I be a composer . JUNO no shit . like johanne brahm ? MARK no , more commercial stuff . JUNO like what ? MARK commercial . JUNO oh. MARK have you see that ad for titanium power man 's deodorant ? JUNO ( sing ) titanium power ! get more snatch by the batch ! MARK I write that . JUNO you be kind of a sellout , be not you ? what would the melvin say ? MARK they would say you come a long way out here not know if anyone would be home . she hold up a manila envelope . JUNO come on , you be go to want to sit down for this . int . loring house - den - afternoon as they move into the live room , juno sit down and motion for Mark to join she on the couch . JUNO Park it , dude . Mark sit down . with great fanfare , juno retrieve a dark , glossy sheet from the envelope . it 's she ultrasound . JUNO behold , good sir ! the very first photo of you future child . MARK you be kid ! Mark examine the ultrasound , baffle . JUNO I think it kind of look like my friend , paulie . MARK ( joke ) oh , be he bald and amorphous ? JUNO no , he 's the dad . Mark look jolted , as if it 's the first time he consider that she baby might have a father . he stand up and hold the photo up to the light critically . MARK can you tell if it 's a boy or a girl ? JUNO the doctor can tell , but I decide not to know . I want it to be a big surprise . MARK well , it can really only go two way . JUNO that 's what you think . I drink ton of booze so you might get one of that scary neuter - baby that 's bear without junk . MARK junk ? JUNO you know ... it 's part ... MARK I know what junk be . JUNO ( teasing ) yeah ? MARK we definitely want it to have junk . JUNO well do not worry about it . my stepmom be force I to eat really healthy . she will not even let I stand in front of the microwave or eat red m&amp ; ms . hope you be ready . Mark chuckle . MARK wait ... do you hear that ? a new song have begin . Mark close he eye in ecstasy and walk toward the stereo . juno follow he toward the source of the music , look perplex by how happy he be . JUNO what be it ? MARK it 's only my favorite song . it 's sonic youth do " superstar " by the carpenter . JUNO ( excited ) I have hear the carpenter before . chick drummer and freaky dude . not unlike the White stripe . MARK you have not hear the carpenter like this . listen . Mark grab the stereo remote off the kitchen counter and turn up the volume to a roar . Mark and juno stand in silence in the kitchen . Mark mouth along with the lyric . MARK ( lipsynch ) do not you remember you tell I you love I , baby ... JUNO hey , I like this . MARK this album be all carpenter cover by alt-rock band . it 's call if I be a carpenter . it be God . I will rip a copy for you before you leave . JUNO you do not have to do that . MARK it 's the least I can do . what do you say you favorite band be ? JUNO I do not . but it 's a three - way tie between the stooge , patti Smith and the runaways . MARK yeah , I definitely need to make you some CD . at least while my kid be hang out in there . he gesture at juno 's burgeon paunch . Mark walk over to he music collection and start pull CD 's . he 's get a carpenter 's disc , the " no alternative " charity compilation , and mother Love bone . juno spot a vhs tape on the coffee table and pick it up . JUNO ( read title ) the wizard of Gore ? MARK ( distract ) oh yeah . it 's herschel Gordon Lewis . he 's the ultimate master of horror . JUNO please . dario argento be the ultimate master of horror . Mark swivel around slowly on he desk chair , surprised . MARK argento 's good , but Lewis be completely dement . we be talk bucket of goo . Red corn syrup everywhere . and fake brain up the yin-yang . JUNO ( examine the tape box ) frankly , this look kind of stupid . Mark give a look - " oh , really ? " int . loring house - den - afternoon we see some particularly memorable footage from the wizard of Gore . Mark and juno be watch the movie and drink root beer float . they be sit dangerously close on the sofa . JUNO ( watch movie ) this be even better than suspiria . you have get decent taste in slasher movie , Mark . MARK here 's to dovetail interest . he raise he mug in a toast and juno clink it awkwardly . JUNO so , have you and vanessa think of a name for the baby yet ? MARK well , sort of . vanessa like madison for a girl . JUNO ( aghast ) madison ? be not that kind of ... I do not know , gay ? MARK God , pretentious much ? I guess everyone should have a mysterious name like juno , huh ? JUNO my dad go through this phase where he be obsessed with Greek and Roman mythology . he name I after Zeus 's wife . I mean , Zeus have other lay , but I be pretty sure juno be he only wife . she be suppose to be really beautiful but really mean . like diana Ross . MARK that suit you . JUNO uh , thanks . MARK you know , not many teenage girl in you situation would actually go through with this . JUNO I weigh my option . but after all this , I be glad I do not , you know , get rid of it . I want to have it . for you guy . MARK you be something else . a door suddenly slam upstairs . vanessa 's home . MARK vanessa . shit , you better get out of here . JUNO why ? what the big deal ? MARK nothing . she just hate when I sit around watch movie and ' not contribute . ' JUNO I will handle this . I be really good at diffuse mom-type rage . juno jump up and rush out . MARK wait ... aww , crap ! int . loring house - kitchen - afternoon vanessa slide she briefcase off she shoulder and venture into the live room . she 's struggle to carry some oversize shopping bag . vanessa Mark ? be you home ? I want to show you some thing I pick up . juno intercept she breathlessly , clutching the ultrasound photo . Mark trail behind she . JUNO hi vanessa ! vanessa jump and make a strangle sound . vanessa juno ! God , you startle I . what be you do here ? what 's wrong ? JUNO nothing ... vanessa then what 's go on ? JUNO I go to the doctor today . vanessa be obviously entertaining some worse - case scenario . her eye be wide and she 's uncharacteristically ruffle . vanessa be the baby okay ? JUNO sure . it 's the right size and everything . I even see its phalange today ! check this ... she hold the ultrasound up to show vanessa and drape she arm around she . vanessa what ... JUNO this be the baby . you baby . vanessa drop the shopping bag , sick with relief . vanessa oh my God ... JUNO ( kindly ) do not it look like it 's wave ? it 's kind of like it 's say " hi , vanessa . will you be my mommy ? " vanessa yeah . yeah , it kind of do . MARK juno be nice enough to bring this by for we . JUNO I come over as soon as I get that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis . my stepmom verbally abuse the ultrasound tech so we be escort off the premise . vanessa ( distract ) oh , that 's great ! she can not divert she gaze from the photo . JUNO see ? nothing to worry about . vanessa chuckle tightly , clearly embarrassed by she show of emotion . int . loring house - entry way - day vanessa and Mark walk juno out . juno peer at some shopping bag from various kid store . JUNO hey , what kind of swag do you score ? MARK yeah . mall madness , huh ? vanessa oh it 's just some stuff I pick up . for , you know , the baby . Babies need a lot of thing . I want everything to be just right . JUNO I think people get all that stuff at baby shower . when my stepmom have my sister I remember she get about a million present . they be all lame though , so I be not jealous . MARK I doubt anyone 's throw we a shower . JUNO why ? vanessa um , I think people be kind of unsure about the situation because it 's not , you know , set in stone . JUNO what do you mean ? you mean ... ( aghast ) do you think I be go to flake out on you ? vanessa no , no , I do not think that , juno . it 's just that , we go through a situation before where it do not work out . juno glance at Mark and again at vanessa . vanessa look embarrassed . MARK cold foot . JUNO you should have go to China . I hear they give away baby like free ipod . they shoot them out of that T-shirt gun at sport event . vanessa ( abruptly ) right . well , juno , you parent must be wonder where you be . you might want to head home . JUNO naah . I be already pregnant , so they figure nothing worse could happen to I . I gotta bounce anyway . it be nice see you guy again . she wave and head for the door . MARK ( to juno ) hey , do not forget you bag . vanessa look pain-stricken as Mark help juno with she bag . ext . macguff house - night juno kick the snow off she shoe before she enter . int . macguff house - kitchen - night bren sit at the kitchen table with a mug of coffee and a issue of Dog Fancy . juno enter nonchalantly , drink a giant slushie . bren where the hell have you be , junebug ? JUNO I drive to St. cloud to show Mark and vanessa the ultrasound . and I wound up stay for a couple of hour . bren a couple of hour ? why be you go up there in the first place ? JUNO they say they want to know about this stuff . they say to keep they update , so I do ! bren you could have send it to they . why would you drive a hour out to East Jesus , nowhere ? JUNO I do not know , I just do . and while we be wait for vanessa , Mark and I watch the wizard of Gore and he burn I some CD of weird music . he 's kind of cool . a beat as bren absorb this . bren that be a mistake , juno . Mark be a marry stranger . you overstep a boundary . JUNO listen , bren-duhhh , I think you be the one overstep boundary . you be act like you be the one who have to go through this and get huge and push a baby out of you vag for someone else . besides , who care if he 's marry ? I can have friend who be marry . bren it do not work that way , kiddo . you do not know squat about the dynamics of marriage . JUNO you do not know anything about I ! bren I know enough . bren rise to leave , clutching the Dog Fancy magazine . JUNO ( gesture to the magazine ) we do not even have a dog ! bren yeah , because you be allergic to they saliva . I have make a lot of sacrifice for you , juno . and in a couple year you be go to move out -- and I be get Weimaraner . JUNO wow , dream big ! bren oh , go fly a kite . bren storm out . juno head to the urn by the door and defiantly pour the remain of she blue slushie into it . ext . bleeker house - night juno park she previa on the street . she walk up to the house and ring the doorbell . bleeker' mom answer , visibly annoyed . her eye drift down to juno 's middle . JUNO ( v.o. ) bleeker 's mom be possibly attractive once . but now she look a hobbit . the fat one that be in the goony . bleeker be mom hi juno . what can I do for you ? JUNO I borrow paulie 's physics note in school today . I be pretty sure he need they back , or he grade could plummet to a a minus . bleeker' mom Fine . come in . she steal another glance at juno 's belly . int . bleeker house - hallway - night bleeker 's mom escort juno wordlessly up the stair and down the hallway to paulie 's bedroom . juno discreetly try to charge ahead of she , but she expand middle prevent she from get past bleeker 's mom . they share a extremely awkward moment wedge side - by-side in the narrow hallway . bleecker 's mom nudge past juno and knock on bleeker 's bedroom door . the door have a cheesy racecar- theme decoration hang on it that say paulie' vrrooom ! it look like something a 5 - year old might have . int . bleeker house - paulie' bedroom - night paulie be on the floor surround by old quizze , study like the torture brainiac he be . Mrs. bleeker open the bedroom door . juno appear . paulie jump , startle . JUNO hey , do not concentrate so hard , man . I think I smell hair burn . bleeker smile faintly . bleeker' mom ten minute . she close the door halfway and leave . juno roll she eye and pull the door shut entirely . bleeker what 's up ? JUNO I just want to come over . you know , say hi . I miss hang out with you on school night . bleeker I miss it too . he nervously crack open a container of orange tic - tac and pour they into he mouth . JUNO ( v.o. ) Orange tic- tacs be bleeker 's one and only vice . when we make out , the day I get pregnant , he mouth taste really tangy and delicious . int . bleeker house - " mold -o'-riffic " basement - night cu on bleeker' mouth as he kiss JUNO for the first time int . bleeker house - paulie' bedroom - night bleeker glance at juno 's midsection , embarrassed . bleeker so , it look like you be get pregnant - er this day . JUNO yeah . um , I hook up a whole private adoption thing . this marry people in Saint cloud be go to be the parent . bleeker be visibly relieved . bleeker really ? what be they like ? JUNO the guy be super cool ! his name be Mark and he 's into old horror movie and he play guitar . I actually hang out with he today . bleeker be that normal ? JUNO I ask my dad and bren not to narc we out to you folk , so we should be safe . bleeker oh . that 's a relief . juno walk over to the bed and sit down next to bleeker . JUNO I be go to really start look like a dork soon . will you still think I be cute if I be huge ? bleeker I always think you be cute . I think you be beautiful . juno be catch off guard by he sincerity . JUNO Jesus , bleek . bleeker well , I do . the song play end , and another one begin . it 's " the song , " the track that bleeker and juno both recognize from the infamous night in the basement . bleeker hey junebug , when all this be over we should get the band back together again . JUNO yeah . sure . once tino get a new drumhead we should be good to go . bleeker we could get back together too . JUNO be we together ? bleeker pick at the carpet , deject . bleeker well , we be once . you know , that time . JUNO what about Katrina De voort ? you could go out with Katrina De voort . bleeker I do not like Katrina . JUNO I totally hear you do . bleeker I do not . Katrina smell like soup . her whole house smell of soup . ext . loring house - day the house be cover in fresh snow . int . loring house - nursery - day Mark and vanessa stand silently in the nursery . the wall be prime slate gray . a single antique rocking chair sit in the corner . vanessa beam proudly and hold two paint sample up near the wall . vanessa what do you think ? custard or cheesecake ? MARK they be yellow . vanessa well , I want to pick something gender - neutral for now . once we get the baby , God willing , we can create a more decisive palette . MARK why do people think yellow be gender - neutral ? I do not know one man with a yellow bedroom . vanessa I think I be lean toward custard in this light . I do not know . I should paint a small area ... MARK or you could just wait a couple month . it 's not like the baby 's go to storm in here any second and demand dessert - color wall . vanessa what to expect say that readying the baby 's room be a important process for woman . it 's call " nest . " MARK nest , huh ? be you plan to build the crib out of twig and saliva ? vanessa you should read the book . I even flagge the " daddy chapter " for you . MARK I just think it 's too early to paint . that 's my opinion . vanessa and I disagree . Mark shrug , resign . vanessa point to the nursery 's large wall . vanessa that wall be go to need something . maybe we could put we first family picture there . MARK hm . vanessa can you see it ? Mark stare at the wall , look lose . int . ridgedale mall - day juno and leah be walk through the mall , look bored . juno be wear one of Mac 's giant hockey jersey in lieu of actual maternity wear . leah gnaw on a giant cinnamon pretzel . leah yum . this pretzel taste like a friggin ' donut ! JUNO share the love , tit ! she wrestle leah for the pretzel . onlooker stare at they , appal , as leah put juno in a half - Nelson . JUNO ( to eavesdropper ) she 's assault I ! she 's deny I fresh - baked goodness ! leah clap a hand over juno 's mouth . JUNO ( muffle ) hly shht ! leah what ? juno drag leah behind a pillar and peer out from behind it . they be watch a group of well - heele woman and they child shopping en masse . one of the woman be push a toddler in a ultramodern stroller . and one of the woman be vanessa , look vaguely detach . JUNO ( hushed ) that 's she . that 's vanessa loring . leah of the penny saver loring ? juno nod . leah no way ! she 's pretty . JUNO you sound shocked or something . leah I just think she would look really old in real life . the woman gather near a play area , sip frapps and loudly discuss they outfit for a upcoming party . woman # 1 and I be like , " no offense , sweetie , but nobody look good in gauchos . " woman # 2 especially not with she build . JUNO ( mimick the woman , peanut - style ) wah - wah - waaah ! one of the little girl in the group tug at vanessa 's sleeve . vanessa happily follow the little girl over to they play area and begin to play energetically with she . juno watch intently , but leah just snicker . leah she 's gonna steal that kid for she collection . JUNO right , seriously . they watch vanessa for a few more moment . the other kid wander over toward the play area while they mother ignore they . vanessa continue to entertain the child . leah bo-r ! leah stand up . juno linger for a moment . int . ridgedale mall - elevator bank - a half hour later leah and juno approach the elevator . JUNO I want a huge cookie . and like , a lamb kebob . simultaneously . leah God , spermy . must you always feed ? the elevator door open , revealing ... vanessa . vanessa juno ? juno try she best to look enthuse . JUNO well hi vanessa ! what bring you to the mall today ? vanessa just , you know , shopping with my girlfriend . leah you be gay ? juno glare at leah . vanessa ( confuse ) no ... JUNO please excuse leah . she 's mentally challenge . vanessa oh , okay . so ... how be you feel ? JUNO happy ? oh , you mean like , physically . I be good . look , I have a snooze button now ! she lift she shirt and press she pop - out navel . vanessa that 's great . vanessa be admire the belly , when juno grimace . JUNO dude , it 's mosh all over . vanessa look confuse . JUNO ( explain ) it 's kick . vanessa nod in understanding then begin summoning the courage for a unusual request . vanessa um ... juno , can I -- can I touch it ? JUNO be you kid ? everyone at school be always grab at my belly . I be like a legend . they call I the cautionary whale . she grab vanessa 's hand and plant it on she stomach . vanessa I can not feel anything . vanessa move she hand , want desperately to feel the baby . vanessa it 's not move for I . she say this as though it 's a admission of failure . JUNO oh , you should try talk to it . they can apparently hear speech in there , even though it sound all ten thousand league under the sea . vanessa kneel down next to the swell of juno 's belly . vanessa hi . hi , baby . it 's I . my name be vanessa . I can not wait to meet you . leah give a look to juno as if she 's about to barf . vanessa can you hear I sweet angel ? vanessa look like she 's give up hope . then suddenly , vanessa oh my God -- it move ! I feel it ! JUNO ( nod ) elbow . vanessa wow ! it 's magical . juno smile at vanessa in awe of she genuine affection . ext . suburban street - morning the street be cover in muddy , slushy snow . the mud be instantly trampled underfoot by the collective foot of the Dancing elk track team on they morning run . int . macguff house - bren' desk - day bren cut the top three inch off a pair of juno 's jeans . then , use a sewing machine , begin attach a elastic waistband . int . dancing elk school - corridor - day we be behind that same waistband , as juno walk through the student . now , people seem to part the water for the belly . int . loring house - mark " special room " - day Mark have the Les Paul on he lap as he stare at the board of a awful commercial . cu - the script ( storyboard ) . a kitchen scene with a kid eat a new breakfast product call -- brunch bowlz . annoy and out of idea , Mark begin a impromptu song ... MARK if you're tire of breakfast but not hungry for lunch , microwave yourself a healthy BOWL of brunch ! Mark drop he head , deject . then , the phone ring . MARK ( pick up ) hello ? intercut with : int . dancing elk school - phone booth - day JUNO so , I have be spend a lot of time listen to that weird CD you make I . Mark instantly smile . MARK oh really ? what 's the verdict ? JUNO I sort of like it . I mean , it 's cute . MARK cute ? JUNO well , when you be use to the raw power of iggy and the stooge , everything else sound kind of precious by comparison . MARK I imagine you have a collection of punk chestnut to prove you point . JUNO consider it you musical education . MARK I be die to see what you have get to teach I . JUNO okay , stop surfing porn and get back to work . just want to say hi . MARK go learn something . Mark hang up . smile . int . dancing elk school - cafeteria - day cu on juno 's tray slide along , pick up a odd combo of pregnant food . pull up to find juno and leah walk they trays to a table . leah God , you be get huge . how many month have it be now ? JUNO almost eight . you would not believe how weird I look naked . leah I wish my funbag would get bigger . JUNO trust I , you do not . I actually have to wear a bra now . and I have to rub this nasty cocoa butter stuff all over myself or my skin could get stretch too far and explode . leah hot ! int . dancing elk school - corridor - day juno and leah be sit inside a emptied award case on the wall , eat they lunch . juno notice that the other kid in the cafeteria can not help but glance she way . some look derisive , other be amused . JUNO God , why be everyone always stare at I ? leah well , you be kind of ... convex . she illustrate by make a round gesture near she stomach . JUNO wow , someone 's be actually do she geometry homework for once ! leah I do not have a choice . keith 's be grade I really hard lately . JUNO please do not refer to Mr. conyer as " keith , " okay ? my barf reflex be already heighten this day . leah keith 's hot . JUNO eww , he 's all beardy ! we see keith the teacher talk to some science kid in the background . he have a Wild America beard . he lift a cup of coffee to he lip and slurp lustily . back on JUNO and leah : leah do you hear bleek be go to prom with Katrina De voort ? JUNO Katrina ? pfft , no way . he do not like Katrina . it must be a pity date . leah ( shrugging ) he ask she . I hear they be go to benihana , then the prom , then to vijay 's parent ' cabin . JUNO bleeker tell I Katrina 's whole house reek of soup ! leah oh , it totally do . I be there for she birthday about four year ago and it be like Lipton landing . but you know , boy have endure worse thing for nookie . JUNO there 's no way in hell they be have sex or even hold hand . leah I would not be so sure about that . he do it with you . he 's a man now . JUNO yeah , well , bleek trust I . we be best friend . leah be you jealous ? I think you say you do not care what he do . JUNO I be not jealous , and I do not care . I just know he do not like Katrina and I do not think he should toy with she emotion like that . she seem so nice and all . leah okay juno , I be really convinced . JUNO prom be for wenise , anyway . once you be old enough to go , it 's not cool anymore . int . dancing elk school - bleeker' locker - day bleeker retrieve a book from he open locker . juno march up to he , belly lead the way . JUNO be you honestly and truly go to prom with Katrina De voort ? bleeker um , hi ? JUNO leah just tell I you be go with she . bleeker yeah , I do ask she if she want to go . a bunch of we from the team be go to benihana , then the prom , then vijay 's parent ' cabin . juno be clearly affronted . bleeker ( meekly ) we be get a stretch limo . JUNO you mom must be really glad you be not take I . bleeker you be mad . why be you mad ? JUNO I be not mad . I be in a fuck great mood . despite the fact that I be trap in a fat suit I can not take off , despite the fact that everyone be make fun of I behind my back , despite the fact that you little girlfriend give I the stinkeye in art class yesterday ... bleeker Katrina 's not my girlfriend ! and I doubt she be actually give you the stinkeye . she just look like that all the time . a girl stride past ( obviously katrina ) with a sour look aim squarely at juno . JUNO whatever . have fun at the prom with soupy sale . I be sure I can think of something way more cool to do that night . like I could pumice my foot , or go to bren 's dumb unitarian church , or get hit by a ten-ton truck full of hot garbage juice . all that thing would be exponentially cooler than go to the prom with you . she start to walk away . bleeker take a deep breath . bleeker you be be really immature . JUNO ( turn around ) what ? bleeker brace himself and push up he lab goggle . JUNO that 's not how we thing work ! I hurl the accusation and you talk I down , remember ? bleeker not this time . you do not have any reason to be mad at I . you break my heart . I should be royally tick at you , man . I should be really cheese off . I should not want to talk to you anymore . JUNO why ? because I get bored and have sex with you one day , and then I do not , like , marry you ? bleeker like I would marry you ! you would be the meanest wife of all time . and anyway , I know you be not bored that day because there be a lot of stuff on tv . the Blair witch Project be on starz , and you be like , " oh , I want to watch this , but we should make out instead . La la la . " JUNO forget it , bleek . take Katrina the douche packer to the prom . I be sure you guy will have a really bitchin ' time ! bleeker ( search for a comeback ) yeah , well ... I still have you underwear . JUNO I still have you virginity ! bleeker ( look around , panicked ) oh my God , shut up ! JUNO what ? be you ashamed that we do it ? bleeker no ... JUNO well at least you do not have to walk around with the evidence under you sweater . I be a planet ! juno pick up she backpack dejectedly and slide it over she shoulder . she 's about to walk away , when ... bleeker wait , let I take that . JUNO huh ? bleeker you should not be carry that heavy bag . I will take it . JUNO oh . it 's fine . what 's another ten pound ? she turn around , wipe tear off she cheek ( make sure no one see ) and continue down the hallway . ext . macguff house - previa - day juno climb ungracefully into the van . she start the engine , then pause to dig through she backpack for something . she produce a brush and begin brush she hair in the rearview mirror , examine herself self - consciously . she put on some Dr. pepper lip smacker and back out of the driveway . int . loring house - mark special room - day Mark be seat at the computer , surfing a horror movie website . he have the blank expression of a bored obsessive . the doorbell ring . int . loring house - entry - day Mark open the door . juno stand there , look radiantly knock - up . she hold a stack of CD . Mark break into a grin . MARK wow . that shirt be work hard . JUNO ( furtive ) be vanessa here ? MARK nope . we be safe . he and juno smile conspiratorially . JUNO cool . MARK come on , I have something for you . he gesture for juno to follow he into the house . int . loring house - basement - afternoon the loring ' basement be dank , cluttere unfinish and unattractive , much like paulie bleeker 's . Mark pull a chain to illuminate a bare bulb . JUNO oh , Mark ! be this the baby 's room ? it 's beautiful ! MARK hilarious . no , I just keep all of my old comic down here , and I want to show you one of they . JUNO oh God , you be one of that guy ... MARK you be gonna like this , I promise . Mark rummage through a cardboard box in the corner . MARK ( extract a bag comic from the box ) here it be . he show the comic to juno . it 's call " most fruitful yuki . " it depict a pregnant japanese girl kick ass and take name . JUNO " most fruitful yuki " ? what be ... oh my god , she 's a pregnant superhero ! MARK be not that great ? I get it when I be in Japan with my band . she remind I of you . juno examine the comic . " most fruitful yuki " do resemble she . JUNO wow , I actually feel like less of a fat dork now . MARK most fruitful yuki be bad ass , man . you should be proud to be the same condition . she throw a karate kick in Mark 's direction with a kee - ya ! juno be sincerely pleased . JUNO okay , how about some tune ? there 's a batter portable CD player in the corner . juno kneel down and pop in one of the disc . JUNO now this first one be kinda slow . but it 's mott the hoople so it 's still totally rad and hardcore . juno put in the CD and " all the Young dude " fill the room . Mark laugh . JUNO what ? MARK I actually know this one . JUNO you do ? MARK yeah , this song 's older than I , if you can believe that . I dance to it at my senior prom . JUNO that 's almost interesting , Mark . who do you dance with ? MARK her name be Cynthia Vogel and she be a good dance partner . even let I put my hand on she butt . JUNO oh man , I can just picture you slow dance like a dork ! she mockingly place she hand on Mark 's waist and move back and forth stiffly . MARK no , I put my hand on you waist . then you put you arm around my neck . that 's how we do it in ' 88 . Mark put he hand on what remain of juno 's waist . she drape she arm around he neck self - consciously . JUNO oh , okay . like this . MARK you have never be to a dance , have you ? JUNO ( casually defensive ) only square and nerd go to dance . MARK what be you ? JUNO I do not know . they sway slowly to the music . juno 's belly bump up against Mark . MARK I feel like there 's something between we . they laugh . juno rest she head on Mark 's chest . they dance in silence for a few moment , then stop move . Mark pull juno as close as he possibly can , give she expand girth . MARK I be leave vanessa . JUNO ( quiet at first ) what ? MARK it 's just not work out , but I be get my own place in the city ... and I have get it all plan out . it 's something I have want to do for a long time ... juno back away . JUNO ( grow ) no . MARK no ? JUNO no . no , you definitely cannot do that , Mark . that 's a big , fat sack of no ! MARK what 's the matter ? JUNO this be not what we agree on . you guy have to take care of ... this ! you be the choose custodian of the big-ass bump ! she gesture wildly to she belly . suddenly , something matter to she far more than the approval of a older guy . MARK but I think you would be cool if ... JUNO ( interrupt ) I want you guy to adopt the buglet . I want everything to be perfect . not shitty and break like everyone else 's family . listen , once I have the baby , vanessa be go to finally be happy , and everything will be all right . believe I on this one ! MARK a baby be not go to fix everything . besides , I do not know if I be ready to be a father . JUNO ( aghast ) but you be old ! MARK I ... how do you think of I , juno ? why be you here ? JUNO I do not know . I just like be you friend . I sort of like become furniture in you weird life . MARK this ... ( he gesture to the dank surround room ) ... this be what my life have become . stuff in box . stuff underground . be that so appeal to you ? JUNO yeah , I guess ... be this my fault ? be vanessa mad at you because of I ? MARK that 's not the point . we be just not in love anymore . JUNO yeah , but do not you love vanessa when you marry she ? if you love someone once , you can love they again , I know it . my friend leah have go out with the same guy , like , four time . you be just not try . Mark suddenly see juno for what she be -- a teenage girl . MARK I be such a idiot . I can not believe what a idiot I be . he pace over to the wall and kick it softly . JUNO please do not get a divorce ! God , Mark , just do I a solid and stay with you wife . MARK God , you be so young . JUNO not really . I be sixteen . I be old enough to tell when people be act like total a-hole ! juno turn to leave , then shoot one furious look back at Mark . JUNO oh and by the way , I buy another sonic youth album and it 's the worst thing I have ever hear ! it 's just noise , man ! she bolt up the stair , sobbing . int . loring house - live room - day juno reach the top of the stair and scramble toward the front door , only to be intercept by vanessa , who 's return home from work , carry she briefcase and a freshly purchase nursing pillow . they nearly collide . vanessa juno ? what 's go on ? JUNO nothing . it 's obvious from juno 's tear and flushed face that she 's lie . vanessa instantly go pale with fear , but she try she hardest to seem serene and " together " in front of juno . vanessa ( pretend to be calm ) Mark ? why be juno cry ? JUNO I be not cry . I be allergic to fine home furnishings . see you later . she rush toward the door . vanessa hold on . juno halt . vanessa juno , what 's the matter ? MARK she 's hormonal . right , June ? it 's just part of the whole process . juno look totally betrayed . she do not respond . vanessa look at juno 's expression and know Mark be lie . vanessa what do you do ? MARK I do not do anything ... I just ... I have just be think . vanessa ( you have be think ? ) what ? MARK just think if this be really the right thing for we . vanessa what be you refer to ? she know exactly to what he 's refer . MARK I have be just wonder if we be , you know , ready . vanessa of course we be ready . we have take all the class . the nursery . the book -- MARK I know we be prepare . I just do not know if ... I be ready . juno 's face continue to fall . vanessa notice . vanessa ( to juno ) juno , do not worry about this . he just have cold foot . that 's how boy be . the book all say the same thing . a woman become a mother when she get pregnant . a man become a father when he see he baby . he 's go to get there . he will get there . juno be not buy it . vanessa ( to Mark ) why do not we let juno go home and we can discuss this later on , okay ? MARK it all just happen so fast . we put that ad in the paper . I think it would take month if , you know , ever and then -- boom -- two week later , she 's in we live room . vanessa ( quietly ) she answer we prayer . MARK ( ignore the comment ) ever since , it 's just be like a tick clock . this stop vanessa . juno look offended . vanessa what be you say ? a long hideous beat . MARK it just feel a little like bad timing . another hideous beat . vanessa what would be a good time for you ? MARK I do not know . there 's just thing I still want to do . vanessa like what ? be a rock star ? MARK do not mock I . vanessa sigh . it 's do . vanessa you be try to do something that 's never go to happen . and you know what ? you shirt be stupid . grow up . if I have to wait for you to become kurt cobain , I be never go to be a mother . vanessa look defeat . MARK I never say I would be a great father . we hear the front door close . vanessa and Mark look over and notice that juno have escape the conflict . ext . loring house - afternoon juno run up to she car sobbing . she struggle with the key , but finally make it into the previa and drive off . ext . highway - afternoon the previa slide off the road and come to a stop on the shoulder . int . previa - afternoon juno buckle over the steering wheel , cry , unwind for the first time since she become pregnant . after a beat , she begin to gather herself . int . bleeker' bedroom - night bleeker be sit next to he bed , noodle on the guitar . he 's play a theme that we will soon recognise . ext . corner store - night juno lay on the hood of she previa , contemplate she future . we push in close ... when she get a idea . she hop off the hood and scurries into the previa where she find a crumpled up jiffy lube receipt . she unfold it and pull out a pen , ready to write something ... a note ? ext . loring house - night it 's quiet after the storm . Inside , we see vanessa sit alone at she perfect dining room table , drink a glass of wine . int . loring house - dine room - night vanessa take a sip and continue to let the day event sink in . after a beat , Mark come down the stair to join she . MARK I call gerta rauss . she say she can represent both of we . they call it " collaborative divorce . " it 's apparently all the rage right now . and it 's easy because we do not have child . vanessa no , it 's fine . thanks for make the call , I guess . Mark nod and sit down . vanessa we be actually , finally do this ? MARK look like it , yeah . vanessa have you find a place to stay ? MARK yeah , downtown . vanessa a hotel ? MARK it 's a loft . vanessa ( lightly teasing ) be not you the cool guy ? they stare at the wall , speechless and defeat . vanessa I want a baby so bad . so bad . she bury she head in she hand . MARK I know you do . there 's a loud knock on the front door . ext . loring house - entry - night Mark open the door . there 's a fold piece of paper sit on the doormat . he squint and see juno pull away in the van . Mark carefully unfold the piece of paper -- it take a minute because of juno 's proficiency in " teen girl origami . " he hold it up . we can see there 's writing on the back . MARK it look like a bill from jiffy -lube . vanessa take the note from he hand and turn it over , examine it . vanessa it 's for I . ext . macguff house - night juno park she car and walk up to she house . a porch light 's be leave on for she , and the place look cozy and invite . JUNO ( v.o. ) I never realize how much I like be home unless I have be somewhere really different for a while . she pick a crocus from the unkempt garden near the porch and sniff it . she lift she shirt and tickle she belly with it . then she tuck the flower into she unkempt hair . int . macguff house - kitchen - night Mac be alone at the kitchen table go over the family finances while drink one of bren 's weight loss shake . juno enter . JUNO hi dad . mac hey , big puffy version of junebug . where have you be ? JUNO deal with stuff way beyond my maturity level . where be everyone ? mac bren take Liberty Bell to she tot ice skate class . JUNO tot ice skate ? Tots can not ice skate . Liberty Bell 's still get the hang of stair . mac no , but you know bren . she dream big . JUNO yeah , she do . mac you look a little morose , honey . what 's eat you ? JUNO I be lose my faith in humanity . mac think you can narrow it down for I . JUNO I guess I wonder sometimes if people ever stay together for good . mac you mean like couple ? JUNO yeah , like people in love . mac be you have boy trouble ? I gotta be honest ; I do not much approve of you dating in you condition , ' cause ... well , that 's kind of mess up . JUNO dad , no ! mac well , it 's kind of skanky . be not that what you girl call it ? skanky ? skeevy ? JUNO please stop now . mac ( persist ) tore up from the floor up ? JUNO dad , it 's not about that . I just need to know that it 's possible for two people to stay happy together forever . or at least for a few year . mac it 's not easy , that 's for sure . now , I may not have the best track record in the world , but I have be with you stepmother for ten year now , and I be proud to say that we be very happy . juno nod in agreement . mac in my opinion , the best thing you can do be to find a person who love you for exactly what you be . good mood , bad mood , ugly , pretty , handsome , what have you , the right person will still think that the sun shine out you ass . that 's the kind of person that 's worth stick with . a wave of realization cross juno 's face . JUNO I sort of already have . mac well , of course . you old d-a-d ! you know I will always be there to love and support you , no matter what kind of pickle you be in . he nod toward she belly . mac obviously . juno laugh and hug she father , plant a smooch on he cheek . JUNO I need to go out somewhere for just a little while . I do not have any homework , and I swear I will be back by ten . she salute and dash out of the kitchen . mac you be talk about I , right ? montage : int . bleeker house - bleeker be room - night we push in over bleeker sleep in he car- bed towards the window . we look out onto the lawn to find juno and leah run back to the previa , hopping in , and screeching off . ext . bleeker house - morning bleeker step out of the house for he usual early - morning run . he look down to see a message scrawle in chalk on the stoop : " bleeker -- check the mail . " he walk down to the end of the driveway and open the latch on the mailbox . at least one hundred container of orange tic tac come pour out in a colorful deluge . they spill out onto the driveway . bleeker smile . ext . dancing elk school - track - morning juno waddle toward the field . the guy on the track team , ridiculously array as usual , be do hurdler stretch . they stare at she quizzically . bleeker spot juno approach and jog up to the chainlink fence . bleeker do you put like a hundred thing of tic tacs in my mailbox ? JUNO yeah . that be I . bleeker why ? JUNO ( blushes ) because they be you fave . and you can never have too much of you favorite one - calorie breath mint . bleeker well ... thanks . I think I be pretty much set until college on the tic tac front . JUNO you know , I have be think . I be really sorry I be such a huge bitch to you . you do not deserve that . you never deserve any of the poo I unload on you . bleeker you know it 's okay . JUNO also , I think I be in love with you . bleeker what , you mean as friend ? JUNO no , for real . I think you be the coolest person I have ever meet . and you do not even have to try . bleeker I try really hard , actually ... JUNO no , you be naturally smart . you always think of the funniest thing to do . remember when you pass I that postcard during Spanish class , and it be address like , " junebug macguff , row 4 , third seat from the blackboard " ? and it say , " I be have fun in Barcelona -- wish you be here " ? that be hilarious . bleeker I be just bored . I only think school be awesome like , 80 % of the time . JUNO plus , you be the only person who do not stare at my stomach all the fuck time . you actually look at my face . and every time I look at you , the baby start kick I super hard . bleeker it do ? juno press bleeker 's hand against she belly . bleeker wizard ! JUNO I think it 's because my heart start pound when I see you . bleeker mine too . JUNO basically , I be completely smitten with you , and I do not care if I be make a ass out of myself right now , because you have see I make a ass out of myself a million time , and you still want to be my friend . bleeker well , yeah . you be the best friend I have ever have , even when you be be kind of evil . JUNO that 's all I need from you . that 's more than I could ever ask for . you be just golden , dude . bleeker can we make out now ? JUNO okay . bleeker and juno kiss , oblivious to the gawk track team guy in the background . in the distance , near the school entrance , we see steve rendazo ( the kid who always torment juno ) regard the makeout session with a sad , envious expression . leah pass by , do a double take , then hurry up to the fence , roll she eye . leah ( disgust ) you know , you can go into early labor suck face like that ! juno give she the finger , not break the clinch with bleeker . int . macguff house - juno' bedroom - morning juno be lie on she back on the bed , stare at the ceiling . she 's more pregnant than we have ever see she . she revs a matchbox car against the slope of she belly and let it roll . juno suddenly sit up , look thoroughly freak . she pat she lap frantically and jump off the bed . JUNO dad ! intercut with : int . macguff house - mac' work desk - same Mac look up from the lure he 's work on . mac ( o.s. ) what ?! JUNO either I just piss my pants or ... mac ( o.s. ) or ... JUNO thundercats be go ! ext . macguff house - day Mac , bren and Liberty Bell rush out of the house . they pile into the previa at breakneck speed . juno waddle behind they , protest . int . hospital - day cu of juno wear a puffy surgical cap . she 's be push down the hospital corridor in a wheelchair . she burst into giggle . pull back to reveal she that leah be push she rather aggressively . leah jokingly steer the wheelchair into a wall . juno feign whiplash . bren appear behind they and order juno out of the wheelchair , exasperate . she pull off juno 's surgical cap . leah and juno snicker . int . hospital - birthing suite - day we see juno be in a birthing suite at the hospital , pace impatiently , bent over in obvious discomfort . she 's wear she Chuck Taylors and knee sock with she hospital gown . leah and bren stand nearby . juno double over in pain . JUNO ( panicked ) ow , ow , fuckity - ow . bren , when do I get that spinal tap thing ? bren it 's call a spinal block , and you can not have it yet , honey . the doctor say you be not dilate enough . JUNO you mean I have to wait for it to get even worse ? why can not they just give it to I now ? bren well , honey , doctor be sadist who like to play God and watch lesser people scream . juno let out a genuine shriek of pain . bren ( check she watch ) shit . ( to the doctor ) hey , can we give my kid the damn spinal tap already ? int . hospital - birthing suite - later JUNO ( v.o. ) it really do not hurt that bad have he . we see juno in the process of delivery , from she Pov . leah hold one of juno 's foot and bren hold the other . JUNO ( v.o. ) the best part be when I peed on leah during labor . we see leah hold juno 's foot , which be shaking . leah 's shirt be soak . she roll she eye and mouth " fuck you " at juno . juno 's raise middle finger enter the frame . JUNO ( v.o. ) and then , out of nowhere , there it be ... the doctor reveal juno' baby boy above the sheet . JUNO ( v.o. ) there he be . juno look at the baby in awe , then she eye begin to flutter ... and she pass out . ext . dancing elk school - track - afternoon paulie bleeker be run as fast as he leg can carry he on the Dancing elk track . there 's a very sparse crowd in the bleacher . as paulie approach the tape , he envious teammate vijay look on . bleeker 's mom be seat near vijay , hold a video camera . JUNO ( v.o. ) I decide to not call bleeker to tell he that I be have the baby . he have a big meet against manteno and I do not want he to get all worried about I and choke . paulie break the tape , win the race . the fifteen or so people in attendance cheer . vijay ( admiringly ) his leg be as swift as he seed . mrs . bleeker what do you say ? bleeker pants at the finish line , drip with sweat . announcer P. bleeker have just break a district record in the 400 . bleeker look out at the bleacher , scan they for juno . she 's not there . JUNO ( v.o. ) but he figure it out anyway . bleek take off running toward the parking lot without stop to explain . his mother stand up , confuse . int . hospital - maternity ward - day a nurse reach into one of the maternity ward bassinet and gently lift up a swaddle newborn baby . the nurse turn and address a unseen spectator . nurse would you like to meet you son ? pull back to reveal she 's speak to vanessa , who stand , paralyze , several foot away . vanessa I have a son ? nurse ( amused ) you be the adoptive mother ? vanessa I have a son . nurse healthy kid , too . do not waste any time get out . vanessa reach out for the baby and gingerly accept he in she eye . she spend a few moment just look at he . she feel someone watch she , then look up to see a bren lean against the doorway . vanessa blink away she tear self - consciously . vanessa how do I look ? bren ( gently ) like a mom . scare shitless . vanessa laugh . int . hospital - birthing suite - day juno be curl up on she bed in the birthing room . the birth be obviously over ; there 's that air of stillness and accomplishment , a task complete . the doctor have clear out . Mac sit in a chair next to the bed , look like he 's not sure what to say . he hold up a deck of play card as if to initiate a game , but juno gently push he hand away . they eye meet . his expression be helpless , hers be utterly drain . mac someday , you will be back here , honey . on you term . juno nod and swallow . over Mac 's shoulder , a silhouette appear in the doorway . it 's bleeker in he track uniform . juno see he and burst into sudden , rag sob . Mac glance at she , alarmed . paulie move toward the bed . Mac clear he throat , get up and leave the room . paulie climb onto the hospital bed and carefully put he arm around juno . she lean into he , let herself go for the first time in month . int . hospital room - birthing suite - evening juno lie on the bed . she look rest and relaxed compare to she earlier cry jag , but she face be still pink and swollen . bleeker be curl up next to she , still in he track uniform and spike . JUNO ( v.o. ) bleeker decide he do not want to see the baby . neither do I , really . he do not feel like ours . int . hospital - maternity ward - evening we see vanessa lean over the bassinet , unable to take she eye off the baby , touch it 's hair reverently . JUNO ( v.o. ) I think he be always hers . int . loring house - nursery - day the nursery be perfectly decorate in vanessa 's immaculate taste . nothing look as though it 's be touch . we see the antique rocking chair sit empty . JUNO ( v.o. ) it end with a chair . we pan past the wall vanessa have say " need something . " there 's a frame note on the wall . it look like it be handwritten on the back of a jiffy lube bill . we see that it say : " vanessa -- if you be still in , I be still in . juno . " we move to the door and get a view of vanessa 's bedroom . we see she lie in bed with a burp cloth drape over she shoulder , feed the baby . for the first time ever , vanessa look disorganize , unshower -- and incredibly happy . there be formula bottle on the bedside table and a bassinet push close to the bed . obviously , she have not be away from the baby for a single moment . the baby reach up and grab vanessa 's thumb . vanessa glow with a expression of pure bliss . ext . macguff house - day it 's a sparkling summer afternoon . juno wheel she bicycle out of the detach garage . she wave goodbye to bren , who be play in the yard with two weimaraner . she look almost as happy with she dog as vanessa look with she baby . ext . suburban street - day juno ride she bike aggressively down the street . her guitar be sling over she shoulder in a gig bag . she 's obviously not pregnant anymore . she look happy , but older . JUNO ( v.o . ) as boyfriend go , paulie bleeker be totally boss . he be the cheese to my macaroni . I know people be suppose to fall in love before they reproduce , but normalcy 's not really we style . as she tear recklessly down the street on she bike , she pass the Dancing elk track team , still run in outrageously skimpy short and bandanas . juno ride up to a garage where bleeker be sit , tuning he guitar . ext . bleeker house - day juno bike up to find bleeker sit on the stoop . she smile and take out she guitar . she sit across from bleeker and pull the pick out of the string . JUNO ready ? bleeker nod . juno begin strumm she guitar and play " anyone else but you , " by the moldy peaches . bleeker join in . at first they play be discordant , but suddenly it work . bleeker you be a part time lover and a fulltime friend . the monkey on you back be the latest trend . I do not see what anyone can see , in anyone else but you . JUNO here be the church and here be the steeple . we sure be cute for two ugly people . I do not see what anyone can see , in anyone else but you . bleeker we both have shiny happy fit of rage . you want more fan , I want more stage . I do not see what anyone can see , in anyone else but you . JUNO you be always try to keep it real . I be in love with how you feel . I do not see what anyone can see , in anyone else but you . bleeker I kiss you on the brain in the shadow of a train . I kiss you all starryey , my body 's swinging from side to side . I do not see what anyone can see , in anyone else but you . JUNO the pebble forgive I , the tree forgive I . so why can not you forgive I ? I do not see what anyone can see , in anyone else but you . JUNO and bleeker together du du du du du du dudu . du du du du du du dudu . I do not see what anyone can see , in anyone else but you . she and bleeker exchange glance as they play . they smile ambiguously . juno lean over and kiss bleeker on the cheek . pull out to reveal the surround green suburb buzzing with life and summer activity . fade to black the end