jurassic park first draft by michael crichton re-write by maria scotch marmo 3/14/92 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ extreme closeup of glow honey - color stone . they shape abstract as the camera examine air bubbles and crystalline pattern . moving up and over this amber abstraction , the camera find unusual shape and imperfection catch in the glassy stone : fleck of dirt , hair , crack . still moving . starburst of light ricochet off the different surface of the stone . camera turn along a creamy stretch of amber . it turn in deeper , abstract the picture further only to find a tiny blur that suddenly rack into focus - a bug , a mosquito lodge within a amber tomb . it be fold on its back . slow motion as the tip of a fine-pointed drill bore into the amber toward the trap bug . Orange fleck fly . the mosquito tremble . the drill continue , stop just before it touch the tiny body . a shiny pair of thin needle - nose plier reach in the borehole and extricate the mosquito remain . this be drop on a brightly light glass slide . a conveyor belt start , and the slide move along . arrive under a long -lense microscope . in microscopic perspective , a thin needle pierce the bug and delicately remove a fragment of tissue . pincer snare the fragment , drop it into a narrow tube . the tube spin , faster and faster until it be a blur on the screen . the screen flood with a infra - red light . Gray , oval shape rock in a neutral mist . wash out to : hot SUN overhead in a big sky - ext badland - afternoon lodge in the crack earth be the partially - expose fossilize remain of a velocirapter , a carnivorous dinosaur . widen out to a sweepi no panorama of a dinosaur dig , a major excavation fill with worker shoveling earth and stone , make measurement , take photograph , scribbling note , and confer with each other . the center of all this activity be one man . in a roped - off area that circumscribe the expose bone of the raptor , be dr . alan grant , head paleontologist . good-look , late 30' , with a think beard . grant lie on he belly , completely absorb in a small piece of bone . a group of twelve student , notebook in hand , await he next sentence . close on - the tiny bone . grant 's nose touch it . grant brushes the bone with a toothbrush . then he decide on a quick way to clean it . he lick it . excite by he discovery , he get to he foot and address he student , who listen raptly . grant right calcaneus of a adult female raptor . mild stress fracture . what 's this tell I ? student look at each other . a tentative hand . grant continue . grant it tell I that this bone connect to the navicula which we already find articulate to the cuboid . offscreen , a woman shout to he . ellie ( off ) Dr. grant ! Dr. grant ! grant look up . dr . ellie sattler , late 20' , sharp - eye , tough if she want to be , run like a gazelle across the arid land . exuberant , she leave a trail of dust behind she . she zip by a student guard the cordon area . he try to stop she . student Dr. sattler ! Dr. grant be think ! Dr. grant wave she over enthusiastically with he bone and continue . grant so , what can we stay for sure ? stress fracture in the heel ... uncertain student . ellie arrive and immediately get into it . ellie she jump . grant turn around to she and smile . she 's get it . other student to - they know be all along . grant right as rain , ellie . now , why do she jump ? no answer . ellie give it a try . ellie a defensive posture against a vicious , blood - thirsty T - rex ? grant ( nodd ) perhaps . or maybe to select the smaller , more tender leave in the higher branch with which to suckle she young ? ellie jump up . ellie I bet be be a mate ritual . student laugh . one student eye grant 's self - conscious smile at ellie . grant the science of paleontology can not answer this question . novelist and artist who dream a vision of the jurassic period can attempt this question with they imagination . what we scientist can say be consider the mass and kinetic articulation of this bone , this animal have a vertical leap of about twelve foot . not as entertaining as fiction , but absolutely fact without prejudice . ellie intrude again . ellie Excuse I , Dr. grant . but ... fact be , we be late . there 's the car . she point . on the horizon , a limousine speed toward they , leave a dusty wake . grant set the rule for he departure , give instruction individually as ellie pull he away , carry they bag . grant Jim , you keep make up the plaster batch . whatever ratio you be use , it 's perfect . nora , no digging after five - when the temperature drop , that bone be just too brittle . Bill , I do not want any tourist walk over my raptor - I do not care if the Governor of Montana be with they , just you guy . grant and ellie continue walk . she interrupt he continue barrage . ellie you know , if ev ery scientist stick to he method like you , there would be no body of theory - no quasar , no big bang - grant stop at the sight of the stop limo and freeze . grant Jesus , a limousine . we be re-enter hammond 's world , that 's for sure . ( beat ) remind I why we be do this , ellie . ellie be gentle . she 's tell he something they have discuss before . ellie we be leave the raptor dig - grant - at a critical time - ellie - because gennaro be pay we sixty thousand dollar to observe some resort of hammond 's in costa rica . and that 's - grant - enough money to keep we free of commercial affiliation for two summer . all right , all right . good . then , half - kid with ellie : grant Financial independence for fraternize with the enemy ? ( beat ) I will do it . she laugh . but he can not quite leave . he grab a computer printout grant this be all could come up with , skip ? skip turn the printout right - side up in grant 's hand . grant smile . grant Wise guy . let 's go , ellie . grant and ellie board the limo amidst many goodby from the student . the limo pull away . ext high tech build - biogenetic corporation hq - sunset a purple sunset irradiate the exterior glass wall of the building . int biogen hq a peanut fly in the air . then fall into a big open mouth . thomp . mouth five hundred thousand be peanut ! he toss another peanut and miss he open mouth . this be dennis nedry , a 40 year old computer programmer . he 's fat , with greasy hair and a permanently wrinkle suit . his slovenly look be wildly out of place on the rich leather sofa where he reclin es . across a gleam granite coffee table be bill baker , businessman . a smooth meticulous dresser , Baker be disgust by nedry 's sloppy appearance and voracious consumption of food and drink . nedry finish a coke . over he shoulder be a impressive skyline view . nedry I be not reneging . I be re-evaluate . nedry hold the can of coke upside - down , drain the last drop . nedry you think I be a scumbag , I know . nedry chuckle , line up three peanut on the table . one after the other , he throw they in the air . he gulp down two , miss one . it skid across the glossy floor . Baker 's head involuntarily cock as he look disgustedly at nedry . nedry look pal , you make a career in biogenetic industrial espionage , and you be bound to run across a scumbag or two . guaranteed ! part of the job description . look , who 's to say , who be the real scumbag ? after all , I know what you guy need so bad . I have hear of reverse engineering . as nedry continue he shovel nut into he mouth and chomp and speak . nedry let the other guy put in all the work , all the R and D . you take the finish product , work backwards , break it down to reveal its genetic code . Presto ! in a few measly month you have know - how that take researcher ten year to determine . you know how much hammond have invest of he own personal wealth ? over five billion dollar ! and if you guy get the jump on he - in no time , the market 's wide - open . nedry start the laugh as he eat and talk . nedry but , boy , he 's really get he product ! oh yes siree , massive , gargantuan , money - make , never- hear - of - profit- like - that product . it be a sight ! yes , indeedy ! nedry laugh S explosively . he begin to choke , coughing and gasping . Baker be repulse . he stare out the window as the sun set . nedry , in true distress , clutches he own throat . he clumsily run toward Baker , toppling chair as he go . nedry grab Baker 's hand and squeeze it tightly , implore Baker for help . Baker coolly shake he hand loose and shove nedry to the floor . Baker look down at the prone and desperate nedry . baker scumbag . we have a deal . that deal be not open to renegotiation . or even be - evaluation . baker kneel down next to nedry , who be beginning to turn blue . baker the deal stand . take it or leave it . Baker glance at he watch . baker I will give you a few minute to decide . nedry make a superhuman effort just to nod he head . Baker nod back and slam he fist into nedry 's solar plexus . it work . nedry suck in a huge gulp of air . he sit up , rub he belly . as Baker leave the room : baker make sure the egg be on that supply ship . just make sure ! camera leave nedry and exit the window . it swishpan the concrete canyon of Wall Street and enter another office . int conservative law office - day donald gennaro , handsome , meticulously dress , pace the highly polished , glassy corner suite . his boss , ross , be seat . he 's a powerful black man who wave a prosthetic arm . ross we can not trust hammond anymore . he 's under too much pressure . there 's the EPA , he 's behind schedule , and the in - vestor be get nervous . there have be too many rumor , too many accident . we can not screw around with this . gennaro I have ask hammond to arrange independent site inspection every week for the next three week . ROS S what do he say ? gennaro insist nothing 's wrong on the island . ross you know he . do you believe he ? gennaro no , I do not . I spend a lot of time with he five year ago when we raise the capital . and it be a wild ride . he 's unpredictable , a dreamer . ross potentially dangerous . we should never have get involved . what 's we position ? gennaro the firm own five percent . ross General or limited ? gennaro General . ross we should have never do that . gennaro it seem wise at the time . we all want the park to happen . it be in lieu of fee . ross in any case , I agree a inspection be overdue . who be you site expert ? gennaro toss a list on Ross ' desk . he check it out . ross will they tell the truth ? gennaro I think so . that guy grant 's a hotshot in he field , always go he own way - ross - good . you be make all the arrangement ? gennaro hammond ask to place the call himself . I think he want to pretend the park be not in trouble . that it 's just a social invitation , show off the island . ross all right ... good . but let 's be very clear about one thing . I do not know how bad this situation actually be , Donald . but if there 's a problem on that island - do not be afraid to screw hammond and burn jurassic Park to the ground . gennaro shake hand awkwardly with Ross and leave . Ross pace . fed - up , he whisper to himself . ross costa rica , my ass . he whacks he desk globe , send its spin . camera move in on spin globe as we hear the rotor blade of a helicopter and dissolve to : int / ext helicopter in sky - dawn on the helicopter tail be a little blue logo that read : isla nublar . inside , grant , ellie and gennaro be in the right back row . ellie doze , she head occasionally drop onto grant 's shoulder , to he discomfort . gennaro look at papers , try not to look through the clear plexi-bubble at they foot . next to the pilot , nedry chew a candy bar . he offer candy to the back row . grant lose himself , look out the window . granth Pov - the aquamarine blue of the ocean . below the water there be the shadow of ample marine life . dolphin leap in the air . suddenly the clear scene become obscure by cloud . there be turbulence . ellie wake , glance at grant , then out the window . there be mist and she absently trace she finger in it , shaping a dinosaur figure . now land come into view and for a moment , the island below they eerily fit right into she doodling . pilot that 's isla nublar . buckle up , the descent be a little hairy . gennaro cinch he belt tightly and half - shut he eye . nedry take out a sandwich and cockily loosen he belt . ellie look every way . ellie this be exciting ! grant what be , ellie ? where be we go ? grant look out he window . the helicopter rush forward , low to the water . ahead , grant see the island , rugge and craggy , rise sharply grant look like alcatraz . the pilot cough and rub he goggle with the back of he hand . pilot there 's bad wind shear on this peak . grant nod . gennaro sweat , watch the pilot tighten he own belt . ellie smile excitedly as the helicopter start down . now , a blanket fog . grant can not see a thing out he window . ellie 's startle . ellie how the hell be he landing this thing ? no answer . grant dimly discern green branch of pine tree through the mist . some be very close . ellie 's hand grasp she seat cushion . ellie this be not fun . grant look through the plexi-bubble at he foot . he see the giant glow fluorescent cross below . light flash at corner of the cross . grant relax , ellie . I be sure they would not land if it be not safe . the copter suddenly shake violently . ellie grab grant 's hand . gennaro sit straight up , eye squeeze shut . grant gennaro ? this guy know what he 's do , right ? hey , gennaro ? I be talk to you ! another violent shake . grant squeeze ellie 's hand back . closeup - nedry 's hand crush a packet of cracker . gennaro be soak . he open one eye and look about , very frighten . he speak a mantra . gennaro no problem . relax , relax . the pilot whisper to himself and correct slightly . the copter sail sharply the other way . grant and ellie whoa !!!! close on - the pilot jerk back the stick . the copter zoom upward . grant 's beverage flip to the ground , pour across the floor . nedry 's lunch do fly . sandwich , candy , and cracker crumb hang suspend in the air . now it all free - fall onto nedry 's lap . grant and ellie lean tightly into each other , ellie I do not like this feel ... the pilot swing he gaze , leave then right , look at the pine forest . tree be close , then far , then close . the helicopter drop rapidly . ellie and grant shut they eye . they brace themselves for the worst . in and out of the mist , the copter descend . tail raise high , nose low , of be a moment it look like a strange bug-ey prehistoric animal buck in its pen . in a flash , it correct itself . the copter touch down on a heli-pad . the SOUND of the rotor fade and die . for a second , no one move . grant let out a great sigh of relief . gennaro mouth a silent prayer . the pilot stretch he finger . grant and ellie self - consciously shake they hand free of each other . nedry unbuckle and laugh as he brushes off he lap . he turn : nedry just think , gennaro - ( laugh harder ) - you gotta agree it 's funny ! this two , they dig up dinosaur ! it 's wonderful , be not it ? nedry pat grant on he shoulder . nedry Dr. Bones , you be go to love this place . nedry burst out laugh again as he head out the helicopter door . a smile come across gennaro 's face . as he smile he motion with he hand he do not mean any harm . grant and ellie stare at he . pilot come on folk . gotta get back , there 's a storm alert . rotors turn . outside , a man reach the copter . he wear a baseball cap over short red hair and he 's dress in phony safari garb . he shake gennaro 's hand . this be ed regis , 35 , head of Public Relations . he throw open the copter door next to grant . Big , cheerful smile . regis hi! Ed regis . Real big welcome to isla nublar , Dr. grant , Dr. sattler . Little tough landing here , I know . but you do it ! come on down , we be so happy to have you . now , watch you step . ellie and grant jump into the world of jurassic Park . ext lush tropical forest - morning grant take in the beautiful tropical terrain . this place be the opposite of the badland . there be elaborate plant everywhere : huge , hairy fern ; exotic , spike flower ; berry of every color ; rush vine . peek through the thick greenery be beautiful bird a no fly squirrel . the strange , prehistoric world impress grant and ellie . even nedry and gennaro take in the vegetal wonder . then , the SOUND of man work , grunt from exertion . ahead , muldoon direct a group of workmen . flame -thrower roar and machete fight back the abundant foliage . as they attack a new area , regis wave muldoon over . muldoon have a pronounce limp as he walk over to join they . ed regis this be Robert muldoon , great African big game hunter . and he 's work for we now . do a bang - up job , too . muldoon rest he rifle by a tree stump and shake with grant and ellie . muldoon Ed 's a little more bs than pr . Mr. gennaro , nice to have you back . gennaro nod warmly as muldoon limp back to work . regis lead on , take gennaro 's arm and talk to he like and old friend . nedry lumber in the middle , alone . at the rear , grant and ellie study everything they see . grant call to regis but be ignore . grant Mr. regis , what be the nature of this park ? ellie look behind and see cramped fern spring out to capture the path they just walk on . she nudge grant , who have see the same . ellie aggressive growth , huh ? grant hammond 's trademark . a distinct hooting in the distance . then a loud trumpeting . grant and ellie stop . nedry do not look up . regis flash he salesman 's smile . regis out animal be greeting you ! they pass a crude sign nail to a tree : welcome to jurassic Park . grant cringe at the sign . ellie nudge he to loosen up . grant I hope this be not one of that animatronic exhibit in a jurassic botanical set . nedry nope . gennaro wipe he brow . they enter a green tunnel of over - arching palm that lead to the visitor's CENTER , a modern complex in the distance . ellie notice a large fence hide in the brush . she nudge grant . there Pov - camera slowly climb a fifteen foot high chain - link fence . the needle -spike top of this fence cut deep into the brush . this fence be only the prelude . sprawl massively above and behind it be a thirty foot high fence . woven throughout the fence 's mesh be a intricate system of electrical wire . there be a prominent warning : danger ! electric fence : ten thousand volt - keep off ! camera keep climbing to the top : ominous barb wire , curl into the high growth with coiled razor glisten in the sun . grant strain to understand . the quicken he step to catch the other . they reach a clear with a unfinish brick sidewalk and pot shade tree wait for plant . a crosshatch of tiny lizard scamper off the walk . a empty swim pool be be fill by a man with a pumper truck . next to he , worker water the large fern . regis I hope you bring you bathing suit ! do not this mist and this plant really create a bonafide prehistoric feel ? regis point to a low building with glass pyramid on the roof . regis there 's the visitor 's Center . a crane lower a iron grate on top of one pyramid . a animal trumpet . int visitor's CENTER - day close on - the iron security grate as it fit over a glass skylight . above , masked worker weld it on . spark fly . grant stare up at it , think . footstep echo behind he as regis , ellie , gennaro , and nedry look around the unfinish building . the visitor 's Center be two storey high , a lot of glass with expose girder and support . it 's incomplete : vine swing in the breeze where the back wall will go and undress cable litter the floor . even so , exhibit area be in vary stage of completion . behind , several spanish worker unpack masonry supplies . grant where 's hammond ? regis Mr. hammond be die to see you guy . grant stride over to a exhibit as gennaro pace impatiently . gennaro hot , hot , hot . ten billion buck and the air conditioning suck . regis smile apologetically and push open a large window on one of the finish wall . giant leave and vine burst inside . grant study a exhibit in progress entitle when dinosaur rule the World . this be a large clock that present million of year as hour in a single day . many brightly color hour be allocate to the dinosaur . man receive the last second of the day . ellie join grant . ellie the audicity of man to get here at the last second and think he run the show . grant smile at she inexhaustible enthusiasm . he look at a paint mural of a raptor on one of the wall in the half - complete gift shop . nedry be at a coke machine , feed in change . it do not work . he slam he hand against it , and finally , a cup drop down the chute . upside-down . it pour . Coke splashes nedry . he curse and exit . the rotunda - ellie pull grant over to a raise , round display with a catwalk . in this unfinish display , a skeletal t- rex and a raptor be lock in combat . scaffold be up around it , and painting supplies be scattered all around . regis glance at he watch , look up , and smile . at that moment , door adjacent to the rotunda swing open automatically . a soothing female voice come out of the public address system . voice ( on p.a. ) please come to the theater . in a moment , we film will begin . the voice go on to give this information in a number of language . regis wave everyone into the theater . nedry do not join they . he climb the stair to the second floor . int screening room - day small and plush . regis sit in the front , full of enthusiasm . grant and ellie sit further behind . gennaro stand in the back and smoke . celestial music fill the room . mist cover and curl on the stage floor . color spotlight illuminate the mist in a eerie fashion . overall effect be the touristy where 's NY ? high - gloss production . year young , with a glint in he eye and very comfortable with he own effect . he wear a white linen suit with a red rise in the breast pocket . like a elder Carl sagan , he address the group . hammond welcome , lady and gentleman . welcome to a ancient and mysterious world , a world long before humankind inhabit it with all out remarkable dream and question . enter a world that exist one hundred million year ago . when we change earth be the abode of magnificent creation . today , the late twentieth century have witness a scientific gold rush of astonish proportion : the headlong and furious haste to un ravel the mystery of genetic engineering have become more than just a subject for science fiction writer . on grant - he whisper to ellie . grant - the furious haste to commercialize genetic engineering . back on hammond - he warm to he subject . hammond biotechnology promise the great revolution in human history . it will outdistance atomic power and computer in its effect on we everyday life . we will see square tree for easy lumber and white trout for super visibility to fisherman . why it will transform every aspect of human life : out medical care , we food , we health , even we very entertainment . on grant - confirm in he think , he whisper again . grant here we go . back on hammond - he conclude . hammond nothing will ever be the same again . it 's literally go to change the face of we planet as we know it . music soar . hammond smile appreciatively , remove he rise . a screen descend behind he . hammond ... jurassic Park . what we do here be make possible through the miracle of DNA replication , commonly know as cloning . to explain what cloning mean , I be go to need my own clone - John hammond . another hammond appear , project on the screen beside the real one . 2 nd hammond hi , John ! hammond hi , John . in the audience - ellie laugh aloud . grant , shaking he head , smile . back on hammond - the original speak to the clone . hammond okay John , hold out you finger . 2 nd hammond why ? hammond I need some of you genetic material . 2 nd hammond now just a minute here , John . hammond you genetic material be the same in every cell of you body . you have a hundred billion cell . you will not miss a couple . hammond hold he rise to the screen the prick he clone 's finger with a thorn . 2 nd hammond ow !!! that hurt ! hey , what 's - the clone dissolves into a cascade of blood as we see a magnify view of the bloodstream . animation begin which illuminate the part of the blood and its action . hammond provide voiceover for the visual . hammond John , let 's look into you blood , the river of life . there 's you white cell , exquisitely evolve to clean up bodily waste . and there 's a mighty nucleus , the heart and brain of a cell . this nucleus have a amazing property . it can sp light in half and reproduce itself . that 's how it grow . and then that two can do it again . and again . make copy after copy of itself . back to the two hammond 's . join by a third , then a fourth , and so on until the screen be cramme with hammond 's , elbow each other for room . new hammond be hi , I be John hammond . hey , I be John hammond . no , I be . I be . hammond come on , that 's enough of this ! and I think to reproduce myself I have to do it the old - fashioned way . New mist fade out this show . the light go up . regis applaud . grant join in the laughter with ellie and gennaro . hammond jump down from the stage and greet gennaro and regis . hammond that 's all we have get so far . a lot of fun , be not it , Mr. gennaro ? regis you bet ! hammond greet grant and ellie warmly . then hammond bait grant . hammond it 's be a long time , Alan . I know the precede be not you sort of enter - tainment . popular science - grant no , I do not mind popular science . I dislike the commercialization of science . it breed a sloppiness , a disregard for method . hammond well , I do not disregard method . but think of mutation - which be nothing more than sloppy communication on the cellular level . think how triumphant mutation have be in natural selection . oh , but I know what you be say . it 's true that I have never be afraid to make money with science . I have always consider profit to be a measure of success , a barometer of public reaction . grant Mr. hammond , the essential truth of a scientific law ha 's nothing to do with public reaction . Water freeze at thirty - two degree , whether you pay for it or not . hammond turn to gennaro . gennaro smile nervously at they clash . hammond Donald , in bring my old friend , Alan grant , you have bring a excellent critic to observe the viability of my island and out venture . I look forward to win you over , Dr. grant . ellie just what be it you be try to clone ? ext a sprawling lawn - day outside , hammond lead gennaro , grant and ellie . he point out the staff live quarter , a group of graceful teepee . next to they home , worker hang laundry and cook on grill . they pass a large mechanical Building . the generator house within be very loud . the wind increase , rippling clothes . suddenly , the SOUND of a speed jeep . grant turn . Racing across the roll green landscape be a red jeep . muldoon be at the steering wheel . two kid bounce happily around in the open jeep . they be timmy , 9 , and lex , 6 , brother and sister . the jeep stop . lex grandpa ! hammond look up , delighted . arm open . gennaro pull he close . gennaro ( incredulous ) Mr. hammond , this be a serious investiga - tion of the island , not a weekend excursion or a social outing . we be talk about the safety of this place ! hammond wave to the child . hammond I be aware of that . but I build this place for child . you can not investigate it without they reaction . they be what this place be all about . hammond beam to grant and ellie and indicate the run kid . hammond my grandchild . genetics be kind . they be more like my ex- wife than I . lex jump right into she grandpa 's arm . timmy 's hyly walk up and embrace he . hammond shine . gennaro hold in he fury . int hammond' quarter - day hammond usher he guest into he own richly appoint baronial suite . ellie look out a small window at the tee-pee and the contrast lifestyle below . she then focus on the high fence , circle the perimeter of hammond 's quarter . above be a skylight , with metal bar . grant whisper to she , indicate the obviously modify window frame . grant who make a window ... smaller ? timmy smack he forehead , point to grant . timmy I know you . you write my book . lose World of the dinosaur . it 's awesome . lex timmy 's get dinosaur on the brain . grant do not worry - he will grow out of it . ellie Dr. grant 's embarrassed that he book be so widely successful . he write if for gra duate student . hammond smile intensely . but he 's patient . he stand be a huge table cover with a sumptuous velvet drape . hammond although Dr. grant suspect otherwise , this be not a ill-conceive , half - baked , poorly fund plan that I have head . this be a plan to which I commit all of my personal resource , literally billion of dollar . and Donald gennaro here have kindly help I raise that sum again from wealthy japanese . they love theme park . I have recruit pre - eminent scientific mind from hallow university and we have take the time to do thing right . lex peek under the cloth . hammond smile at she and recover the table . hammond jurassic Park be the most advanced amusement park in the world . we work with genetics - life 's essential building block - to create new world . I set out to make biological attraction . live attraction . attraction so astonish that they would capture the imagination of the entire world . grant what exactly do you mean ... biological attraction ? hammond as you well know , long ago , creature ten time larger than whale roam we adolescent Earth . and then mass , mysterious extinction create a time barrier unscalable until ... now . beat . grant yes ? hammond dinosaur . ( superbly proud ) I have be cloning dinosaur ! camera push in on grant 's incredulous face . hammond whip off the drape , revealing a complex and detailed scale model of the entire resort . hammond lady and gentlemen , jurassic Park . not a resort , not a scien tific conservatory , just a little piece of pre-history that every child in the whole wide world will insist on visit . hammond grin with delight . gennaro at least every rich child . grant and ellie come forward to examine the model . the kid crowd in . camera snorkel through the model - revealing different enclosure with miniature dinosaur , moat , fence , road , a river . hammond apatosaur in the lowland . gallimimus in the grassy plain . dilophosaurus above the river . the mighty tyrannosaurus rex ! 238 fabulous creature so far ! timmy Real dinosaur , grandpa ? do not they want to just kill each other ? hammond excitedly punch a button - color display grid light up . hammond timmy , there 's electric fence and moat and video surveillance at all time . there be monitor every hundred foot whatever we could plant they on the island . a computer to tabulate it all . ellie you create dinosaur ? who give you the right to do that ? hammond I do not create they . I find a way to wake they up , to stir they out of they prehistoric slumber . grant we do not have the science . there 's no source of dinosaur DNA . hammond 's proud , excited face shift to one that divulge modestly . hammond yes ... there be . int hallway , upper floor , visitor's CENTER - day hammond lead grant , ellie , gennaro , timmy , and lex out of a elevator and down a endless corridor . a workman on crutch pass they . they go through a series of security door . to get they open , hammond place he palm on a screen before each door . each time , it light up with a x-ray - like image of he hand and each door hiss open . closeup - Security x-ray. of hammond 's hand . beep . a red line write through the screen . can not get in . complain , under he breath : hammond glitches . hammond try again . int control room - day the door hiss open , revealing a elaborate technology - cramme room . in dim light , cluster of computer console and video monitor glow . nedry sit in a corner at a keyboard with a pile of papers next to he , type away . JOHN arnold , 45 , park supervisor , sit direct the activity of the park and chain-smok . there be large window look out to the park , one of which be crack and be replace from the outside by a team of workmen . hammond wear a big smile as he lead in he entourage . he 's the ringmaster . hammond and this be the right side of my brain . the entire park be safely control from here . John Arnold , that genius over there , be the m aster control operator . ( with genuine concern ) John , do not smoke so much , you be far too valuable a man to I . arnold oh , you would survive just fine without I . Arnold exhales smoke and wave good - naturedly . nedry stare darkly at hammond , who ignore he . hammond everything 's control from here . remote everything . Cars , feed program , medicine dispenser , fecal clean up - and that can be ton in a park like this . we run this place with twenty worker . this computer do it all . and it police each and every single animal out there . ellie ( whisper to grant ) who police the computer ? hammond point up . overlook the control room and the park be a raise platform with a huge chair , like a throne in a court . a large video screen face this chair . hammond that 's where I will watch the astonished watcher . okay , let 's go . they practically race as a group to keep up with hammond . the security door seal shit , leave nedry and Arnold alone again . nedry thanks for the kind word , Mr. hammond . arnold come on , Dennis , he know you technical contribution have make it all possible . nedry right . back on hallway - hammond and he group turn off the corridor and reach a door mark : caution : teratogenic substance . timmy back off , grab lex 's arm . timmy that stuff turn you into a mutant ! he contort he face into strange shape . as hammond lead they all in lex pull on he pocket . hammond do not mind the sign . they be only legal precaution . gennaro frown . the door open and lex peek in . hammond my laboratory , lex . it will be yours and timmy 's someday . int amber room , laboratory - continuing action grant and ellie share a baffle look . grant stare . grant 's Pov - pan across a room fill with honey - color glow stone arrange on glass shelf in large pull - out trays . each stone be tag and numbered . grant lean down , study the stone . he bump right into gennaro . lex jump excitedly . lex it 's ... gold ! timmy it 's amber . fossilize tree sap . lex grandpa find gold . grant shush the kid and look to hammond . hammond you be both right . amber be we gold . the alpha or we alchemic alphabet . the precious course of we genetic material . you already know amber be the fossilize resin of prehistoric tree sap , of course . grant and ellie nod impatiently . hammond set the scene . hammond imagine - million of year ago , tree sap flow over insect , as it do now as I speak , in thousand of forest and backyard tree everywhere . imagine that ancient sap trapping a little struggle insect and consume it in a syrupy death . million and million of year pass and we come along and discover this prehistoric insect . if we be lucky , he 's perfectly preserve in a fossil form inside the harden sap which be now amber . and as we examine more and more amber , we find many perish insect , include among they , bite insect - grant like mosquito - hammond like mosquito , precisely , Dr. grant . grant mosquitos that suck the blood of dinosaur . that 's you source of DNA material ? my God ! it just might work . int extraction room , laboratory a technician carefully position a piece of amber under a fine-pointed drill . with a nod , the technician 's goggle drop from he forehead onto he eye and he start up the drill . hammond yell over the loud whirr . hammond the extraction room speak for itself . close on - drillbit boring into the amber . Orange fleck fly . grant it do ? the technician shut the drill . place he hand into a mount pair of glove , he operate a automated pair of needle - nose plier to carefully lift out the remain of a mosquito . he drop this bug on a slide and place this slide on a tray full of such slide . lex that 's a million year old mosquito ? a conveyor belt start , carry this tray on to the next technician . the group follow . this technician put the first slide under a microscope . grant watch on a video monito be as the tech insert a long needle into the prehistoric bug . ellie put in a piece of amber , find a mosquito , drill it out . right ? hammond right . you be witness the extraction of tissue from the thorax of this humble insect . if this mosquito have ingest any foreign red blood cell - say it bit a hadrosaur or a stegosaurus or a T - rex - we will extract that blood cell and obtain paleo- DNA , the how -to-build instruction book of a extinct creature . so you see , ellie , I be not create dino - saur . fossils leave behind the information , the map of how to bring they back . I be help they escape from the confine of time . grant but even thousand of mosquito would not give you enough tissue to determine a complete DNA strand . hammond right you be , Dr. grant ! more like hundred of thousand of mosquito be necessary to provide even a partial strand of DNA . and without a complete strand , we do not have a dinosaur . int genetics room a loud humming SOUND . along the wall be row of waist-high stainless steel box . in the room 's center be two six - foot-high round tower . at a single console , a man study a monitor . dr . wu , 35 , look up from he study and beam at he guest . he jump up and knock over he cup of coffee . assistant clean the area as Wu come forward and actually hug grant , much to grant 's embarrassment . hammond ah , I know you two would hit it off ! Dr. grant , this be Dr. Wu , my chief geneticist . wu finally , you be here ! I have be work without the encouragement of my peer for too long . welcome , welcome ! he kiss ellie , who take it in stride . gennaro , we already know . wu Mr. hammond never let I publish and he 's interested only in result , not in science . hammond do not forget to thank I when you pick up you Nobel prize . hammond and Wu resume the tour . hammond you be stand in the middle of the most powerful genetics factory create since the expulsion from eden . wu this be hamachi-hood automated gene sequencer , that be cray xmp 's , supercomputer that take DNA information and organize it . in this room , we take fragment or incomplete DNA strand and compare they to other incomplete strand . hammond it 's like find the miss piece of a jigsaw puzzle . wu the computer make sever al trillion calculation to provide we with a complete DNA strand - the genetic code of a extinct animal . int incubation room , laboratory a vast room bath in infrared light , fill with long table . the first table have row and row of centrifuge , each bear dozen of test tube . Wu lead the group . grant okay , you have you " complete " DNA strand . how do you grow it ? wu we use unfertilize crocodile ova as we breeding medium . hammond we primordial soup . grant and how do you know what it be you be grow ? Wu shrug . wu well , we have computer technique to try and map out find on a evolutionary basis . but mostly , we just grow it and find out what it be . if it 's something we be interested in , and it survive , we keep it . grant and ellie share a concerned look . gennaro and if you be not interested ? Wu indicate a cabinet of chemical with skull - and -crossbone warning . timmy regards the poison with excitement . lex call from deeper in the room . lex come look ! here , plastic egg lay on the long table , they pale outline obscure by a grey mist that cover the table . the egg be all gently rock as technician roam up and down the aisle . hammond walk ahead of the group . as Wu speak , hammond listen and enjoy it as though he 's hearing it for the first time . wu this be the incubation room . we keep the temperature at ninetynine degree and a relative humidity of one hundred percent . grant and timmy jurassic atmosphere . timmy smile at grant . hammond wink at timmy . wu we also run a high oxygen concentration , up to thirty - three percent , so if you feel faint , please tell I right away . lex feign a faint , timmy crack a small smile . they move forward , waist - deep in the mist . a strange green light emanate from the incubator . lex be half - consume by the mist . she mimic the witch . lex I be ... melting ! ellie laugh and pull lex close . wu reptile egg contain large amount of yolk but no water at all . the embryos must extract water from the surround environment . grant that 's why you create the mist . Wu nod . hammond just enjoy the scene as grant and ellie watch a thermal sensor move from one egg to the next , touch each with a flexible wand , beep . lex and timmy let they hand glide over the side of the green glow incubator fully awed by the strange , big egg they hold . wu Children , please do not touch ! the egg be permeable to skin oil . grant that very close to a egg . he sniff it . grant what kind of egg be this ? be this shell plastic ? wu yes , they be , the embryos be mechanically insert and then hatched in this room . but we have manage to sufficiently mimic the actual biological process - this creature rupture the plastic membrane that they be contain in when they be bear . like real birth . they reach a endless row of incubator , line up along the wall , beneath a view area like that find in a ob - gyn ward . wu egg that be determine viable spend they last couple day in we specially - design incubator , which help accelerate the pre-natal developmental stage . which be interesting becaus e we be have a problem with the adult animal - hammond clap a hand over Wu 's mouth and laugh . hammond there 's no problem Dr. Wu can not handle . now who want to see the real thing ? as they exit the camera pan the misty aisle , study the egg . ext visitor's CENTER - day Blue shadow of cloud sweep across a expansive green hill in front of the visitor 's Center . grant and hammond make they way down below to the load area for the park tour . a little ahead be gennaro and ellie . gennaro chatter on while ellie energetically explore the area , look at the plant . gennaro ... so naturally , hammond 's go to present everything in the best light . I need to know that this park be safe . ellie I will tell you something that trouble I from the start . the carnivore be all well - feed and keep separate from they natural prey . that will keep them alive , but it will not keep them happy . gennaro how do you mean ? ellie the carnivore will want to hunt . it 's a instinct . and that instinct will have to be satisfied or suppress . further up the hill , move slowly , hammond eye the pair suspiciously . hammond gennaro be put negative idea into ellie 's head . he 's a naysayer . I have no affection for that type of think . grant do not worry . ellie make she own judgment . at the base of the hill timmy and lex toss a baseball . ext tour start - day the group gather . two electric car glide to a stop behind they . regis lean out of the first one . regis hey ! great day for a tour ! gennaro look like rain to I . regis no ! I tell the rain - god to hold it off till we get back . the kid pile in next to regis and explore the high - tech car . timmy find a a pair of very think , strange - look goggle with dial on top . grant , ellie , and gennaro climb in the second car . hammond kid , mind Mr. regis . he 's in charge now . the car begin to move and pass hammond . he wave . gennaro look back as the car turn into the brush . hammond wave . hammond gennaro , for once in you life , let something really move you . in the cruiser , gennaro rub he neck . he turn to grant . gennaro ever get the feel we be just hammond 's damn guinea pig ? grant I like to wait and see . ellie motion ahead , with excitement and apprehension , to a huge gate . regis and the kid wave behind to grant , ellie and gennaro . the gate 's doo rs swing open and the cruiser move forward . the kid squeal out a ya - hoo that float through the air to grant . but grant wear a cautious face , he skeptical eye scan the landscape . a fanfare of trumpet and then a pre-record voice speak from a console in each cruiser . video screen display a welcome message . pre -recorded voice welcome to jurassic Park . you be now enter the lose world of the prehistoric past , a world of mighty creature long go from the face of the earth , which you be privileged to see for the first time ... regis use he walkie-talkie to contact grant 's cruiser . regis ( on walkie ) that 's Richard kiley . we spare no expense . pre -recorded voice we will begin we tour today with the herbivore ... int / ext cruiser , first tour stop - day between massive tree trunk , a spectacular view : stor m cloud touch mountaintop . below , the lagoon ripple in pink crescent . pre-recorded voice ... and the grasses be a species of juniper , and sample can be purchase at the gift shop . now , if everyone will take a look to the right ... all eye swing that way . grant do not see a thing . nor do the other . ahead , timmy pull the binocular out of the equipment pouch and study the location . lex grab the night goggle . timmy pull they from she . regis look ... lex and timmy I do not see anything . do you see anything ? there 's nothing there . regis something 's out there ... in the second car , a fly buzze on grant 's windshield . grant hang out he window almost sniff the air for some movement . nothing . suddenly the tree in front of they move ! a deep trumpete SOUND and two brachiosaur rumble away fr om the side of the road . the ground shake as they walk , they bellowing fill the air . led by grant , the passenger rise through the open top of they land cruiser , to look up at the dinosaur far above . drooping from above , leave and little branch shower on grant . utter amazement fill grant 's face , then he mouth break into a giant smile then a laugh . he simply can not believe he eye . his laugh become raucous and euphoric . grant ellie ! can you imagine the excavation team see this ! behind he , ellie 's whole person be awestruck , immobile . gennaro squint , strain to make sense of this unbelievable reality . in the car ahead , lex and timmy stare open-mouthed . regis look at the animal and then at the group 's reverie . he smile knowingly : he 's be there , too . he bend and whisper : regis congratulation . you be the first kid in the whole wide world ever to see real dinosaur . the kid look up at regis with wonder in they eye . grant can 't stop laugh . still chew , a brachiosaur crane down to peer at this laugh man . the brachiosaur 's huge head stop inch away from grant . grant , awestruck , stare and they - close on - grant as he eye slowly roll back and ... he faint . the dinosaur casually move away as ellie come to grant 's aid . ellie Alan ? Alan ? ( sort of delighted ) he faint ! gennaro wave to regis that all be okay . grant slowly revive . he look back at the brachiosaur , groggily , smile away . he look at ellie and they eye linger on each other longer than usual , share a look of serene delight . gennaro plop back in he seat and ponder the scene before he . a glaze look fill he face . gennaro my God , we be go to make a fortune here ! camera push in on the majestic , gentle beauty of the brachiosaur . jungle sound dominate , grow l ouder and louder . int control room - day hammond sit at he throne , happily watch the huge video screen which display the tour group . he laugh raucously and call to Arnold . hammond he faint . I have wait fifteen year to impress that young man . arnold oh Mr. hammond , I be sorry to interrupt you , but muldoon need you by the pit . hammond oh , ball . int / ext cruiser , second tour stop - day the cruiser come to a stop . in the distance , a herd of gallimimus graze . they stand on they hind leg to get at high palm tree , then drop gracefully down on all four to chew . baby gallimimus scamper around the adult , eat leave that drop from the larger animal . pre-recorded voice ... gallimimus , know as the ostrich dinosaur for the shape of its shoulder , have a very strong nest instinct ... grant do es not listen . he be simply intoxicate with the pastoral beauty of the gentle , graze dinosaur . suddenly , he look away with a deep concern . ellie look at he questioningly . grant ellie ? what the hell be we go to do with the rest of we life ? ellie smile at he , puzzle . ellie what to you mean ? grant can not you see it , ellie ? we be the one that be extinct now . int / ext cruiser , third tour stop - day pre-recorded voice ... lot more to see in the herbivore section of we park . but as we come alongside out jurassic jungle river to the leave , let 's try and catch a glimpse of a very unusual and dangerous carnivore . look across the river and above ... a lovely mossy clear . and to the side , bound just by a thicket of bush , a precipitous drop to a tropical river , lus h and clear . the river run fast but it be narrow . on the other side be a sharp rise . pre -recorded voice and there they be ! stand on that natural pedestal and watch we tour come to a stop be two dilophosaurus , man-size dinosaur with gill that hang around they neck . grant and ellie chime in with the pre-record voice . all three dilophosaurus ! timmy and lex point enthusiastically . regis hold they down with a gentle but restrain arm . pre -recorded voice dilophosaurus be one of the earliest carnivore . scientist once think they jaw muscle be too weak to kill , but now , through the miracle of they cloning , we know dilophosaur spit venom , a poison which cause blindness and then unconsciousness . they distinctive hoot drift across the afternoon air . gennaro Poisonous d inosaur , there 's a liability issue without a lot of precedent . closeup of the nearly motionless dilophosaurus . one yawn wide . grant ( assess ) it 's like a gila monster of a cobra . it 's a poison ... ellie spitter ! the spitter bound off as grant watch , transfix . a flock of bird burst from a tree and cross the sky . tree filter the light . ellie be we dream all this ? ext raptor pit - day a big hole in the ground , cover with a think wire mesh . suddenly , a dark claw push against the wire web . a shower of SPARKS . a screech animal growl and snarl . a animal slam its face into the mesh . SPARKS illuminate a set of razor - sharp teeth . muldoon stand next to the pit , carefully load a assault rifle . hammond come in a hurry . muldoon see hammond and put down the rifle . he walk to hammond , talk before he get there . muldoon this raptor be too damn dangerous . one of they tunnele out this morning . he rip a boy 's arm off before I could get a bullet in he . hammond a bullet ? muldoon - no ! now what ? I have five leave ? muldoon John , they be mean as scorpion and smart as chimp . they little finger make they natural cage - breaker . we should terminate the raptor program . they be just too smart . too damn smart . hammond oh ball . I will not terminate the raptor just because they be behave normally . they be hunter . why can not we contain they properly ? hammond start to walk away . muldoon follow , he 's not finish at all . muldoon John , remember back in ' 88 , when we start to build the containment device ? we order cattle prod , taser , gun that blow out electric net . they be all too slow for this guy . if we be go to keep the raptor , I want tow missile and laser - guide device . hammond laugh warmly . he pat muldoon on the back . hammond it 's just a zoo , muldoon . a zoo . figure out a way to contain they . and we will sit down and have a nice long discussion about raptor - after my guest leave , okay ? hammond walk away . muldoon stare after he , jingling key in he hand . muldoon lump over to a worker . muldoon okay ! get a ' dozer , start digging round the pit . we be gonna bury some fence . and wear you rifle when you be work ! int control room - afternoon hammond enter and cross to he throne . hammond swivel to Arnold who exhales smoke . nedry look over , keep type . hammond wh ere be they ? punch them up . arnold they will be by the trike 's in a moment . trike 's sick again . hammond how can you say it so matter - of - factly ? the trike 's . you casually accept it , but I never can . you know what it mean when you say " by the trike " ? " by the trike 's " mean that they be out there by the species : triceratop horridus . it astound I every time what I have do here . what magic , what alchemy . we turn a piece of a rock into a dinosaur . I will never be complacent about that . Arnold smile and punch a button . we hear the pre-record tour voice and some chatter of the kid . eavesdropping on the tour be interrupted by a radio transmission to the control room . Arnold slide over and shut off the tour monitoring . the picture on the video screen be now of a cargo boat at a dock . radio hello , John . this be the Anne B at the dock . I be look at the storm pattern just south of we . requesting permission to leave before unload the last three food container . nedry look up quickly , listen carefully . radio do not want to be stick here if this chop get much worse . hammond react with quiet dismay . nedry quietly get up . nedry coffee anyone ? he 's ignore . Arnold defer to hammond who lean to the microphone . hammond hello skipper , John hammond , how be you tonight ? I certainly do not want to imperil anyone . but can you give we one more container of food ? then we will feel comfortable be the storm delay you return . could you help we out here ? of course , if it look too choppy just go , but you would be do we a big favor . radio well ... we will do we best , sir . we will get one more container off . how 's that ? hammond thanks he and sign off . Arnold look at the darken cloud . int / ext cruiser , FOURTH tour stop - late afternoon the car twist through dense vegetation with a grinding of gear . the first car come to a jerky stop . there be a huge triceratop lie on its side , move very slowly , breathe laboriously . harding , the tall , bald park vet , kneel on the ground . he peer into the animal 's mouth with a large flashlight . before the second car can stop completely , grant leap out , race to the trike . regis try to restrain the kid but they chase grant and ellie . grant join harding on the ground . the trike let out a low moan . she 's too sick to move . ellie and lex squat by the animal . lex I feel so sorry for she . she 's so sick . vet we do not know what 's wrong with freda . every six we eks she get like this . regis oh , she will be up and around in no time . after a big night , I feel the same way . grant very gently open the trike 's mouth . grant poor girl . what 's the matter ? ellie , look at this . a dark purple tongue droops limply from she mouth . ellie shine the light on it , illuminate silvery blister . gennaro turn away . ellie microvesicle . interesting . grant scratch one of the blister with he ball - point pen . it ooze . the kid share a gross - out look . lex do not she have a mommy and a daddy ? harding we make this dinosaur in the lab , sweetheart . but they do form attachment . freda have a little one that follow she around , think freda 's he mom . grant start to look around . ellie what do sh e eat ? where do she feed ? harding Animal this size take in a minimum of six hundred pound of plant a day . we truck in hay and meadow grasses seven time a day . that 's all she touch . grant study the nearby grass and bush . timmy quietly follow grant . ellie lift a huge eyelid on the triceratop . a runny eye just stare . grant come up triumphantly with a bouquet of weed clutch in he hand . this weed have little purple berry . ellie look over . ellie West indian lilac ! grant this would give anybody a stomachache . harding I be tell you , the animal do not eat do not eat that stuff . regis keep a babysitter 's eye on the kid . timmy come up with a handful of smooth stone . he approach grant shyly . timmy Dr. grant , sir ? how ' bout this ? there ' 's lot of little pile of this ? grant finger one distractedly , then suddenly come to attention . grant hey , ellie take a look at he . good work , timmy . ellie get up , brushes herself off , come over and examine the stone . ellie extremely smooth . purple stain , could be that lilac berry . she and grant smile and each other and nod . gennaro be curious . harding I do not get it . grant look like you trike swallow stone to help she digest she food . walk around , she crush berry against the stone . and even just a little crush berry be eventually enough , ellie so , she poison herself periodically . harding Bet we test she saliva for any trace of - grant but with th e stone , she swallow they and probably bypass any mucosal contact . straight to the stomach . I would test she excrement . lex yo , yuk ! a light rain begin . automatically , with a soft hiss , the glass roof of the cruiser slide shit . gennaro tap regis and indicate the car . gennaro hey regis , where be you rain god ? it 's gonna pour . let 's finish we tour . grant agree , head for the cruiser . he turn and look for ellie . ellie stand by the trike . she give grant a meaningful look . ellie I be stay . grant smile at she decision . grant soil sample ? ellie you read my mind . ( confidentially ) I think she 's sicker then they be say . her skin be dry and flaky . and she gum be pale . I be go to talk to Dr. wu. grant good idea . I will keep my eye open . gennaro climb in with grant . the two cruiser start off and timmy turn backward to stare wistfully at grant . regis and lex wave to the trike . grant look back to ellie who have already begin to work . on trike - a mosquito land on its back . the trike 's tail slap it dead . int machine room - late afternoon with difficulty , nedry shove he large body down the crawl space behind a large rack of electronic equipment . he stop and use a suction cup device to lift a section of the tile floor . he grope among cable and pull out a small wireless radio . he transmit : nedry ( into radio ) Jim , what the hell 's with you ... I know a storm 's come , I can not ... it 's all so tightly plan ... that 's not enough ... ok , twenty minute , I will be there . damn ! nedry return the radio to its hide place . he suck in he gut to make the crawl out of the narrow space . int / ext cruiser , t-rex feeding area - dusk the cruiser stop on the rise of a hill . they over look a forest area , sloping down to the edge of the lagoon . tour the mighty t- rex arise late in dinosaur history . dinosaur rule the earth for a hundred and twenty million year , but there be tyrannosaur for only the last fifteen million year of that period ... farther south , they see the graceful neck of the brachiosaur stand at the water 's edge . they body , mirrore in the move surface , break apart with the continue drop of rain . hear lightning rhythmic - ally pulse the sky . all be quiet except for the soft drine of cicadas and the tapping of light rain . regis call grant on the walkie-talkie . regis ( to walkie ) you know , Dr. grant , hammond like to come here in the evening and just sit . grant ( over walkie ) where be the T - rex ? regis ( to walkie ) good question . on grant - as he take that in , nodd to himself . Studies the land . grant maybe she 's down hunt apatosaur . over walkie - regis laugh , he voice tinny over the radio . regis ( over walkie ) would if she could , believe I . some - time she stand by the lagoon and stare at that animal , and wiggle that little forearm of hers in frustration . but the t- rex territory be completely enclose with trenches and fence . believe I , she can not go anywhere . grant then where be she ? they hear a soft bleat . in the center of the field , a small cage rise into view , lift on hydraulics from underground . the cage bar slide down . a goat remain tethere in the field , bleat plaintively . the tour group stare out they window , expectantly . back on contro L room - hammond , pleased , watch the giant screen that display the tour group . muldoon limp into the control room . Arnold look over . muldoon just check in . everything ok ? hammond look at they . lean out the window , so eager . they can not wait to see it . they have come for the danger . muldoon that 's what I be afraid of . muldoon twirl the key on he finger and watch the land cruiser . back on cruiser , t-rex feeding area - grant watch quietly . the bleat become louder , more insistent . the goat tug frantically at its tether , racing back and forth , kick . lex what 's go to happen to the goat ? be the t- rex gonna come eat the goat ? grant sense something . he sit straight up . look out intently . grant he 's here . the goat be tethere in the middle of the fi eld , thirty yard from the nearest tree . grant scan the tree for the T - rex . the goat sense something too . it struggle and strain , bleat frantically . suddenly the mechanical SOUND of the cage come up . its bar surround the goat with safety once again . regis look like the rex will have its snack a little later today . recorded voice the sensor do not see the rex around . she usually come within five minute of hearing dinner . if she do not , that mean she 's sleep - we might have access to she at the picnic area . lex and timmy let out a sigh of relief . the tension be go . lex I do not want to see he get eat . I like the goat . back in the control room - hammond study the large video monitor . he watch grant and gennaro . they voice be hear in the control room . gennaro ( monitor ed ) what be a carnivore get out ? grant ( monitored ) there would be no stop it . huge , with no natural enemy , and a suppress hunt instinct . hammond glare . Arnold , aware , shut off the screen . hammond damn that people . they be so negative . arnold it 's natural . they can not fully appreciate that we have engineered the animal and the park for total safety . hammond they comb this island like a bunch of accountant . they do not experience the wonder , the awe of it all . arnold you can not make people experience wonder . hammond get up and stand before the big window overlook the park . the quartz floodlights outside they area come on with a rosy glow and the dark jungle be open again to they inspection . at he console , nedry look at hamm ond . hammond stare out the window . the rain pick up and bounce off the window . hammond speak to Arnold without turn . hammond it 's like the Garden of eden out there . this be the most beautiful time of day . arnold better rout the tour back . they can start again sun - up tomorrow morning . hammond yup . call the kitchen . that kid will be hungry when they get in . Arnold pick up the phone . static . he glance over at nedry . nedry sorry ' bout that . I have take all the line to upload some data . hammond 's annoyed , but contain it . Arnold look at nedry , who smile . nedry I will clear a couple of line for you at the end of the next transmission , sir . here you go now , this will make it all better , Mr. hammond . nedry punch in a code . close on - nedry 's fat finger punch a last key . close on - amber video display terminal as a countdown begin . as the screen count down from ten to zero , nedry peer at hammond with a steely glint in he eye . back on screen - three , two , one , the countdown hit zero . nedry 's data-filled screen blink off . nedry look up to the rack of monitor . unnotice by hammond or Arnold two more monitor go blank . then a third one . back on cruiser , rest area - night the electric car turn up into a scenic area high above the rest of the park . huge quartz light reveal a dramatic view down to the ocean . there the supply ship , the anne B , unload its last crate . rain increase . on the other side of the road be picnic table , a unfinish snack bar and rest room . to the side of this rest area be a view of the interior of the island . a guard -rail separate visitor to the other side of the rest area be a concrete moat and in the back of this be a tall , electrify fence . surround the electric fence be a smaller protective fence . pre-recorded voice ... enjoy a healthy snack . this be also a good time to ... lex hey , be that bathroom work ? regis sure . ( he use he walkie ) Rest stop . the kid take off towards the bathroom , run through the rain . grant get out of he cruiser , stride to regis . he indicate the fence . grant be that still the T - rex paddock ? regis yes . but she never come here . I do not know why not . probably too much construction . gennaro , jacket over he head against the rain , look down to the ocean . gennaro' Pov - the anne B unload he last cargo crate . grant look at the concrete moat . Studies its deep curve . he look up at the tell electrical fence with its 10,000 volt warning . he see conventional power line on the opposite sid e of the road . camera examine the empty cruiser . Inside , the pre-record voice be chat on . it slow eerily and stop . video screen blink out . back on control room - nedry yawn loudly . nedry yup ! look like a never-end weekend for I . I be gonna get a diet Coke . do not touch my console , ok ? line will be clear in five minute . nedry leave . hammond swing around and growl under he breath . hammond slob ! arnold well , at least he know what he 's do . int upper floor , visitor's CENTER - night nedry race through the series of security door . he ignore the security x- ray device and just shove each door open with he hand . back on cruiser , rest area - the quartz light go out , leave the group in shadowy darkness and now steady rain . there 's a ripple of surprise from the group . regis round they all up and direct they back into the cruiser . regis everything 's just fine . it 's a temporary glitch due to the rain . no doubt , they be go to re-rout some circuit back at the mainframe . we will have the power back on in moment . let 's get back in the cruiser , they may start up , and I would like we all to be seat in they . the cruiser be still . in the rear cruiser , gennaro turn to grant . gennaro I know we should not have kid here . a vivid flash of lightning . in the first car : lex cover she eye . then she look up at regis with a frightful face . lex Mr. regis , be dinosaur ... nocturnal ? regis no , darling , of course not . lex Mr. regis ? what 's ... nocturnal ? another lightning flash . lex cry . regis comfort she . regis do not you worry about d inosaur . they be all very safe in they paddock just like animal in a big , strong zoo . they be not go anywhere we do not tell they to go . timmy look out the window excitedly . int incubation room , laboratory - night all that egg on table . no move sensor . nedry pull a portable incubator away from the dozen line up against the wall . its electrical cord go fly . furiously , nedry fill the incubator with egg , one after the other . nedry okay , little one ! here we go ! nedry grab the handle of the incubator and run with it . the incubator careen on one wheel as he turn the corner and exit . back on control room - hammond look out the large window as the light extinguish . he twirl . hammond what 's go on , Arnold ? I want that light on . I do not want my grandchild scared . arnold Jesus , the computer 's go down . hammond well , I want the computer up . this be the wrong weekend for glitches . Arnold still examine he console . he look out with worry . arnold that 's not the worst of it . hammond oh yeah ? please tell I what 's worse than the light go out ? Wu smashes through the door . wu all the security door be open . someone have be in my laboratory and the egg have be disturb . the camera push in on hammond 's face . hammond where the hell be nedry ? where be he ? do anybody check the damn john ? hammond storm out . int corridor , visitor's CENTER - continuing action hammond enter the hall . muldoon , racing from the other direction , yell : muldoon John , the generator 's shut down . who cut the power ? hammond Arnold 's on it . you go out and bring back the tour right away . I do not need any of this ! muldoon be already run back the way he come . int garage - night several electric land cruiser be store in this shadowy room . there be a glass - in area where muldoon 's weapon be store : assault rifle , taser , tear gas canister . to the side of the garage 's muldoon 's red jeep . in the passenger side of the front seat be a rocket launcher . nedry storm in , wheeling he incubator . he stop suddenly and listen . approach footstep . nedry oh , shit ! int basement stair , visitor's CENTER - muldoon run down a long corridor , stop with a skid and yank open the door to the garage . he run out . his boot resound on the concrete . back on - nedry' panicked face as he listen to the footstep . wheezing , with great difficulty , nedry bend he knee and strain . with everything he 's get , he lift the incub ator waist-height . and hold it . back on muldoon - muldoon 's footstep echo as they come closer and closer to the garage . muldoon whip down the curve in the stair . his jacket catch on a incomplete section of banister . yank he to a stop . close on - muldoon 's jacket as it rip , stay catch . back on - nedry as he try to heave higher , can not . bead a sweat roll down he brow . muldoon free he catch jacket and then keep go . nedry 's face drip with sweat . the incubator slip out of he sweaty palm . catch it with he knee . nedry curse and with one forceful boost , he lift the incubator shoulder height . close on - muldoon 's foot on long stairwell . boom . boom . boom . nervous , nedry breathes in a labor fashion . he look this way and that . he close he eye and with one superhuman effort , he heave the incubator into the back seat of the red jeep . nedry exhales . at that moment , muldoon enter the vestibule between stair and garage . nedry eye the shadowy figure in the vestibule . nedry 's frighten face . muldoon stop and reach in he belt . he pull out he pistol . he take out long , shiny cartridge . he load the pistol . nedry leap in the front of the jeep , push aside the rocket launcher , and zoom into the night . a moment later , muldoon enter the garage . he sniff at the exhaust that still hang in the air . he look over and be surprised to see he jeep go . he bend and inspect fresh tread mark . he look up , he face strain to understand . ext park road - night nedry 's red jeep fly down the park road . close on - nedry 's wheel as he turn it . his tire skid sideways , then regain traction . the jeep bolt up a smaller access road . he skid to a stop at the top of the hill . nedry jump out and look up . his high beam illuminate a huge electric fence prominently label : danger ! 10,000 volt ! two safety fence separate nedry from the electric fence . he race to the first one , pull out a key chain . he try one key , then another , and another . it for its . nedry unlock the gate , swing open the door . nedry run to the second gate . he slip in the mud . he slide to the ground , drop key in a muddy pool . close on - nedry 's hand frantically fishing for the key chain in the muddy water . get they ! unlock the second gate . he race to the electric fence . rain pelt he now . Water bead on he face . lightn flash on the 10,000 volt warning . he grab the gate with he bare hand and swing it open . nedry head back to he jeep , he fat body strobe by its high beam . he jump in the jeep and drive through . behind he , the open gate move recklessly in the stormy night . back on garage ellie and harding pull in , in they own gas-power jeep . muldoon be wait for they . now there 's a rifle sling over he shoulder . harding jump out of the jeep . muldoon get out , get out ! I need this jeep . there 's a problem with the tour . ellie , hammond will fill you in . ellie be concerned , the n decisive . ellie no ! I be go with you , muldoon . they race out . ext dock - night headlights blaze in the darkness , nedry 's jeep skid to a stop by the dock where the anne B be prepare to leave . the water be very choppy . nedry jump out and pull he incubator to the ground . he begin to drag it through the mud , toward the ship . captain farrell come to meet he , along with a couple men , who hoist the incubator easily and carry it toward the ship . captain farrell good . glad to see you . be you see ? nedry Nah . I be back in five minute , they will never know I be go . ( yell after the man with the incubator ) careful with that thing ! it 's worth more than the ship . ( to the Captain ) when 's the copter meeting you ? captain farrell it 's not . the storm 's coast - to - coast , nobody could land on the water . nedry ( totally panicked ) shit ! what 's the backup ? I do not like this . maybe we should do it another time , I do not like it . I just do not like - captain farrell shhh ! I wire Baker , he will have a man at the dock in puntaremas . we should be able to make that in time . nedry ( somewhat relieved ) ten hour ? captain farrell yeah , now relax . I get a lot riding on this too , you know . no one 's go to mess up now . Baker 's not go to mess up . his people will not let he . nedry ok. ok. here . nedry pull a aerosol can out of the baggy crotch of he pants . nedry look , this be insulate spray . close on - nedry spray a big mound of white foam into he hand , nedry in about eight hour , spray down all the egg with this stuff . it will keep them warm but not too warm . I hope Baker have it together with the dock . back on cruiser , rest area - rain drum down on the cruiser . timmy stare out at the dark . lex stare nervously out the side window . timmy pick up the night goggle and snap they on . timmy hey , this thing work great . I can see in the dark and I can see far . he swivel away from the t- rex paddock and look out toward the ocean . he reach up and adjust the knob . timmy hey ! I wonder if that boat 's still there ? it be . I think they be get ready to go . tim be Pov - the fluorescent green image of man untying casting line on the boat . another lightning flash and lex scream and cover she face . she cry . regis timmy , can you give she the goggle ? lex clamp she hand over she eye . timmy gently nudge she . timmy want to look at the boat , lex ? timmy hand she the night goggle . lex dry she eye and take a peek with the goggle toward the ocean . lex hey , that fat guy 's down there . be he gonna come get we and take we to grandpa ? lex's Pov - the picture streak but clearly reveal nedry shouting at the Captain . Men heave the incubator onto the ship . lex they have one of that thing from the room with all the egg - you know , where they help the baby egg grow up . timmy you mean a incubator ? grant ( on walkie ) what 's the commotion ? regis let I see . give they to man , sweetheart . timmy ( to walkie ) uh , Dr. grant ? regis grab th e walkie talkie and try to silence timmy . he know he get there too late and reluctantly let timmy have it back . timmy we see that computer guy help them load a incubator onto the ship . lex ( to walkie ) yeah , he 's steal they , Dr. grant ! he 's steal my grandpa 's egg ! grant ( on walkie ) nedry ? with a incubator ? regis ?? regis ( to walkie ) ( finally acknowledge ) that 's what they see . on grant - he look sharply at gennaro . grant ( to walkie ) we gotta tell hammond and Arnold right away . how far be it to the mainland ? on timmy - he look at regis . regis ( to walkie ) uh , it 's a hundred mile to puntaremas . about a sixteen hour voyage in this weather . on grant - he fiddle with the radio in he cruiser . no be esponse still . grant I would not like to see dinosaur run around costa rica . gennaro when 's the damn power come on ? int / ext muldoon be jeep , other back road muldoon and ellie drive into the storm . suddenly , he slam on he brake . in front of he , a tree have fall , completely block the road . muldoon curse , swerve around , and skid to a stop . as muldoon get out and assess the situation , ellie lodge herself between the tree and the jeep . she push the tree with she strong leg and move it a good five foot . quickly , muldoon and ellie drag the tree . as they struggle . muldoon strong leg . ellie lot of track in college . back on cruiser , rest area - in the first car , regis drum he finger on the dashboard . timmy wear he goggle and stare into the rain . lex shift she body around , try to get comfortable to rest . lex I be hungry . when can we get go ? regis when the electricity come back on , honey . this car run on electric cable bury in the road . in the second car , grant try the radio to no avail . gennaro smoke . grant look forward toward the first cruiser . he can barely make out the car in the dark and rain . occasionally , lightning reveal all . timmy pull gum out of he pocket . feel a tiny shake , look around . he put it in he mouth , chew quietly . suddenly , the whole car vibrate . regis ' sunglass jump off the dashboard and fall to the floor . the kid look at he . regis must be turn on the electricity . lex sit up , look around groggily . lex feel like a vibration . int t-rex paddock - night the t- rex 's huge hind foot crash down , one large foot follow after the other in long , powerful stride . back on cruise rs , rest area - first cruiser there be a thud , and then a thud , and then a thud . Tim and lex share a frighten look . now the thud grow louder . there be a crashing SOUND , the whole cruiser shake . then silence . then another shake . camera push in till close - timmy stare out with he night goggle . tim' nightscope Pov in close - t- rex paw rest on the electric fence . Tim take off he goggle , stare , transfix . regis pick they up . extreme closeup - of muscular forepaw with pebble , grainy skin and thick , curve nail comfortably grip a thick wire strand . the t- rex move he body forward of the brush , push against the fence . in the second cruiser - grant and gennaro stare out , unsee in the rain and darkness . close on lex - tear roll down she cheek . she cry silently with a unknown fear . regis pull the goggle from he eye , start to gag , check it . regis Jesus Christ . lex bad language . regis Jesus Christ . the fence be not electrify . lex be that bad ? regis turn , look out the side window , away from the T - rex . regis be shaking uncontrollably . suddenly he throw open he door and bolt off into the rain , leave the door open . no move from the rex . regis race by the second cruiser . grant stare out at he . tim Mr. regis ! Mr. regis , where be you go ? lex he just leave we . he just leave we all alone . timmy , timmy how could he do that ? we be all alone ! we be all alone ! flash of lightning . flash . the rex butt he head . tim' Pov - the fence bang down on top of he cruiser . timmy and lex recoil from the scrape of the wire mesh against the car . in the second cruiser - grant and gennaro' Pov - through the almost obscure rain they see the fall fence . a unseen weight pull on it fur the , cause its electric wire to pop like over - tune guitar string . timmy reach - out into the rain for the open door handle . another lightning flash and the creature be reveal stand between the two cruiser , atop the crush fence . his head turn back and forth , he 's decide on he prey . grant and gennaro or Tim and lex ? timmy slam the door shut . he look directly at the rex , just a few foot away . the rex turn to he , stare back . lex scream and timmy clap a hand over she mouth . there be a whisper over Tim 's walkie-talkie . grant ( on walkie ) timmy , be quiet . do not move . back on grant - he snap off the walkie-talkie . he Pov - the rain run in rivulet down the pebble skin of the muscular hind leg . the animal 's head be out - of-view , above the rooftop of the car . the rex lift its huge hind leg . gennaro Holy shit ! any suggestion what we do now ? grant can not think of a thing . the t- rex slowly circle grant 's cruiser . back on tim - he watch the beast move . back on grant and gennaro - as they twist and turn , try to find a circle rex in dark and rain . the rex pause right next to gennaro 's window . he lower he head , look for movement inside . close on - the beady , expressionless reptilian eye move in the socket . grant whisper , hardly move he lip . grant do not move . gennaro 's leg tremble uncontrollably . in the first cruiser - very frighten , lex discover a flashlight . she flick it on and off , distracting herself . the beam show she eye full of a quiet panic . lex it 's too , too dark out there . Tim wave he hand in caution . back on grant , gennaro , and the rex - the rex bend down , bump the windshield with he nose . just stay there , breathe heavily . in the distance , the flashlight go on again . the rex raise he head suddenly . grant g rab he walkie . grant ( to the walkie ) shut that flashlight , Tim ! as the rex head off , a casual swipe of he tail smashes the side of the cruiser , throw grant and gennaro across the inside of the car . on tim - he lunge for the flashlight . lex dodge he , keep it light . lex no , it 's mine . please , I need it . Tim look up through the sun roof . the massive head of the tyrannosaurus rex appear . Tim watch , transfix . lex look up . irrational with terror , she aim she flashlight like a gun . blast he . her flashlight beam cut through the dark and rain - she see the beast plainly for the first time and scream ! the pool of light bathes the rex 's face . he smashes he head down onto the plexiglass bubble . it crunch , and fall into the car , crush the child . Tim use he foot to push it to the side . above , the rex display be gape maw , drool toward the open . grant - watch the rex raise he mighty h ead again , above the kid ' cruiser . timmy and lex - have a half - instant of relief . then slam . the rex butt he head against the cruiser . the rex come back down , try to discover he prey inside the cruiser . pushes he head close to the glass , look . the dinosaur stand in front of the cruiser , he whole chest heaving , he forelimb paw the air . timmy whisper to lex . timmy be you ok ? be quiet and do not move . lex barely nod and grab timmy 's hand . the tyrannosaur place he head next to the car . he begin to shove the cruiser with he head . the cruiser rock . the back window burst , shard go fly . Inside , the kid be thrown back and forth , shove against each other , and finally flung against the top of the car as the cruiser flip . the whole world tilt crazily - trunk of palm tree slide by , the ground above , the blaze eye of the rex , the top of palm tree . the cruiser slam down on its side , the window splat in the mud . lex fall he lplessly against the side window and lie motionless . timmy fall beside she , bang he head . he reach for lex . timmy ( softly ) lex ? lex ? silence . no movement from lex . the animal toy with the cruiser . like a dog with its bone , the dinosaur push the cruiser along with he head . he push it past the picnic table toward the rip fence and the embankment . each shove send the child fly again . the cruiser be push closer and closer to the unprotect embankment . the cruiser slam to a stop completely upside - down . the t- rex step right on the cruiser , crush the roof against the ground . inside - the child crawl for they life as the car crush further down from above and a tidal wave of mud ooze in from the side . the rex - gnaw at the car , grab a tire with he tooth , it rupture with a pitiful pop . the rex grab at the axle with he tooth , begin to drag the car back . the kid , half -outside , be pull with the car . grant dance - with a flare ! the rex be distract . close on - the rex as he roar . the flare gleam in he eye . the rex start toward grant . he toss the flare over the half - stand part of the fence . the rex lunge after the flare . gennaro have reach he limit . terrorize , he leap out and scream : gennaro extinct animal should stay extinct ! he bolt . the rex see he and start after he , thundering by grant , who stay freeze in place . gennaro sprint for he life . he 's not even a distant match for the T - rex jogging behind he . gennaro dive into the lady room . inside - he slam the door and shove the trashcan against the door . pounding footstep approach ! gennaro back up into one of the stall . louder pounding , the wall begin to vibrate ! gennaro assume a ' tuck ' position . on the interior door - the rex smashes right through the steel - clad door . piece go fly . gennaro hide amidst the wreckage as the rex sniff around . grant run BA ck - to check on the kid . he reach a hand underneath the flip car , sit in the mud . lex 's soft voice can be hear . lex ( off ) Dr. grant ! grant fish under , find lex 's hand , drag she out . he quickly check she for break bone . grant lex , be you okay ? lex timmy 's unconscious , he will not move . lex scream . grant turn to see the rex return . he squeeze lex tight . the animal go right past they , back to he toy - Tim 's land cruiser ! the rex bellows a huge cry . timmy awaken and see the rex above he . he scream . lex , squeeze in grant 's arm , see she imperil brother . lex timmy ! the tyrannosaur look up , growls across the upside - down cruiser , open its huge jaw menacingly , all the time stare at grant and lex . inside the car - timmy try to unwedge himself . a thin trickle of blood run down he forehead . he 's jamme between the crush roof and the bent bench seat . he can not free himself . the rex begin to shove the cruiser toward grant and lex . they back up but they have very few foot leave - they be almost at the embankment . but if they do not move , they will by crush by the oncoming car . grant sling lex onto he back . she grab she hand around he neck and dig she foot into he side . grant begin to climb over the down fence and into the embankment - it 's a huge drop ! grant grab a break cable and lower himself and lex over the side of the embankment . just in time as the rex shove the cruiser further . now , the cruiser teeters right on the edge , turn again on its side . Tim hang halfway out of the car , unable to get out further . grant , with lex on he back , slide down the cable , rappelling down the embankment . above , the car loom over they , rock on the edge . lex look up and grab grant so tightly , she choke he , unknowingly . grant , eye bulg , see the danger from above . he push off the wall and swing they toward the next hang cable . he reach out and - - grab the next cable just as - - the t- rex bellows and lower she head , and give a final shove . timmy and the cruiser sail into space . timmy scream ! grant and lex swing out of the way as the cruiser sail past they . lex scream , squeezing grant 's neck even tighter ! they watch helplessly as the cruiser bounce off the wall and crash - land into the top of a tree at the base of the wall . grant and lex stare down at the wreck in the tree . timmy can not be see . grant , choke from lex 's grip , grab she finger . grant let ... go ... please . the rex roar above . they look up . the rex paw the air , grunt in frustration and stalk off , lightning flash . ext nedry' jeep , back road - nedry speed along the rain-slick road , fish - tailing as he go . close on - nedry at the wheel . nedry' Pov - the dark , wet road run alongside a ten-foot chain - link fence . suddenly , a beast - like visage blur 's across the road . nedry swerve . the jeep skid . nedry try to over -steer , can not bring the careen jeep under control . the jeep crash though the fence , bounce down a cement culvert , and dive into a raging gully . nedry curse . he spin the wheel . the tire spin and spray . the jeep 's hopelessly stick in the gully . from nedry 's seat in the jeep , he crane he head around , examine he situation . nedry' Pov - on the opposite side of the gully , there be a equipment graveyard . by the title jeep headlight , steely monster all around can be see - discard earth mover , grader , and tractor . nedry get out of the jeep , grab the winch from the jeep 's back end . and wade over to a abandon tractor . nedry shit . I be go to have to change clothes . he loop the winch around the tractor 's base . suddenly , he stop and look around as he hear a gentle hooting . he squint , look at the strange steel graveyard light by the bright beam of the jeep headli ght . hoot ! hoot ! a distinctive hooting . nedry look up in fear . silence . nedry start move toward he jeep . again , the hoot ! nedry stop , look right , look leave . a rustle in the tree . nedry 's head cock . look through tree , light by the strong beam , nedry see a spitter in the eerie mist . now it 's go . now it 's back . it circle nedry warily , hunt he . nedry stare . nedry I hope this be one of they herbivore . nedry scramble the other way , full - tilt . hop , hop , and the spitter drop in front of nedry from the other side . hoot ! nedry jump back , land on he butt . the spitter zip in from the side - hoot ! nedry double back , racing through the abandon equipment , ducking and roll under a cement mixer , spin past a tree . he splashes down the embankment , try to get to he jeep . he use the winch line to steady himself again the raging current . he finally reach the jeep , swing open the door - and , surging out of the water like a demonic apparition , be the spitter ! nedry back away , directly into the glare of the headlight ! close on - the spitter . it 's plume open , bright orange gill swell out like a umbrella around its neck . something squirt beneath its jaw . a big glob smack nedry on the arm . he brushes it off . nedry Gross . extreme closeup - the spitter 's head . the jaw puff , the hood flare out , the neck snap forward . and - it spit . this glob miss nedry , splashes off the steaming headlight . very extreme closeup - the spitter 's swollen poison sacs be inflate . they fire ! this glob hit nedry in the eye . he scream . nedry I be blind , I be blind . he fall against the jeep , rub he eye . the spitter calmly hop to the embankment and watch the blind nedry weave drunkenly in the water . nedry grab onto the jeep and pull himself along toward the driver 's door . the spitter stalk , watch he . nedry pull open the jeep door , thrust he head in , slam it against the door frame . now nedry heave he whole body into the jeep . the spitter 's long ostrich - like leg stretch and bend in a easy gait as it close it on nedry . nedry sit behind the wheel , unsee as the spitter watch patiently turn he blind eye that way . a long beat . the spitter leap forward , the camera pull back wider and wider . nedry let out a ear-splitt scream and the car horn blare . int timmy' cruiser timmy lie against a spider side window , he head press against the door handle . he push himself up on one elbow , open he eye , and try to focus . rain have nearly stop but a light drizzle hit he timmy try to straighten up , but he 's too dizzy . he stop and hear a creaking and feel the whole car gently sway back and forth . with a further effort , he raise he body so that he 's stand with he foot on the window frame and look out the break roof . tim be Pov - dense foliage , move in the wind , hard to see through . a of pen space and - the ground , forty feet away ! int / ext cruiser - continuing action Tim 's cruiser be lie on its side , stick in the higher branch of a tree on the hillside . timmy oh shit ! timmy pull he body up carefully , try to get a better view . he grab the steering wheel for support and it spin free in he hand . crack ! the cruiser slip a few inch down the tree . timmy grab the window frame and freeze . the car sway in the wind . crack ! the car slip a quick and rocky two foot . timmy oh shit , oh shit , oh shit , oh shit ! timmy hear something . he raise he head very carefully . climb up the tree , pull himself on a nearby branch , be Dr. grant . grant timmy . be you ok ? timmy thank God you be here . where 's lex ? grant below . she 's fine . let 's get you down . timmy nod . grant peer throug h the break roof of the cruiser , analyze timmy 's predicament . he crane he head back to examine how the cruiser be support in the tree . grant turn back to timmy . grant try the door you be lean against . Nice and slow . timmy place he weight on the two side of the door frame and reach between he leg , try to open the door handle . stuck. crack ! the cruiser drop another foot . grant scramble down a couple branch until he be even with the cruiser again . he motion for timmy to hold still . grant reach across to the other car door and try the outer door handle . this one open and very slowly , he push open the door . grant gingerly hold it half - open in mid-air . grant crawl this way . slowly . carefully testing he weight with each step , timmy lower he body down . he push he leg out the door . they kick in the air and slowly come to rest on a lower branch . he let himself down . now he si ts on a branch , a few foot below the cruiser . crack ! the cruiser drop . grant still hang onto the door but now he foot on the branch be go . his leg hang in space . the cruiser hang precariously above timmy . they be all twenty foot in the air . grant we be go to have to make a jump for it , timmy . okay ? timmy agree . grant one , two , three , jump . timmy let go and drop . grant follow . so do the cruiser . it 's hurtle right at they . timmy bang against the wet tree-trunk and slide down . branch whip against he face , he hand scrape against the trunk . grant bounce they . they scramble down as quick as they can . timmy pull he hand along the sap-sticky surface of the tree . crack ! grant be stop for a terrible instant - double over a branch , he flip himself over , drop further . the cruiser jolt along , just a half - step behind they . timmy dive the last six foot and hit the wet earth with a thud ! grant crash next to he . before they can roll out of the way , the cruiser keep come . grant and timmy look up at it . granth Pov - the cruiser drop , drop toward they . and finally stop , just inch away , its dent grill grin at they , its crack headlight glaring . oil drip down on grant . he grab timmy , who grab the night goggle . the two roll away . that second the cruiser smashes to the ground . grant brushes himself off painfully , extend a hand to timmy . timmy slowly reach up and pull himself stand . timmy thanks , Dr. grant . grant you owe I one . grant turn around in a slow , fluid circle , check out the forest . grant where would lex go ? they hear a faint whimpering . timmy there 's lex . he run . grant follow . int drainpipe - lex be curl up inside the drainpipe . her baseball glove be in she mouth and she be rock back and forth , rhythmically bang she head against the back of the pipe . she whimper . on the hillside - grant and timmy arrive at the drainpipe and stare in at lex . grant come on out now , lex . lex continue to band she head . timmy try again . timmy it 's you turn to wear the goggle , lex . she shake she head . he hold up she baseball but she do not look . timmy I find you baseball . lex you do ? but she do not move . grant speak encouragingly . grant Cone on , lex , it must be cold in there . and tight . why do not you come out ? lex I be afraid of the " animal " . timmy the " animal " be go . lex where do it go ? timmy I do not kno with but it 's not here now . lex be there any grownup out there ? grant I be a grownup , lex . come on out . gimmie you hand , come on , here you go . lex I be hungry . grant I , too . we have get to get ourselves back to civilization . ext roadside regis slowly crawl out from between a couple large boulder . he look around carefully . he peel mud off he face and rub he neck . he touch he cheek . close on regis ' swollen cheek . he rub it with he finger . suddenly , he swat at he own mouth . he reach in and pull out a leech fat with blood . he hurl it to the ground , spitting . he grab another off he arm and rip if off , leave a bloody streak . he dig in he pants and pull out another . he scream . as soon as he have do so , he know he 's make a mistake . he look around frantically . see the rex trot down the road toward he . regis noooooo ! back on hillside - grant and the kid crest the hill . grant put on the night goggle and adjust the dial and look toward regis . the kid can not see that far . timmy what 's go on ? grant 's green Pov - regis and the rex bound after he . regis hug a tree , unmove . grant whisper to the kid . grant it 's regis and the rex be after he . but it 's okay . regis know the rex can not see he . evidently , he can only see move - ment . regis will be ok if he stay still . after a long moment , the tyrannosaur walk away , disappear into the shadow . regis wait another long moment and release he tree . granth Pov - the tyrannosaur leap out of the shadow and knock regis to the ground . regis jump up and back off . the animal knock he right back down . regis jump up again and scream at the beast . regis you do not want to hurt Mr. regis . go away . Ed 's you friend . back off ! the rex watch he dance around . it go toward he . this time its jaw be open . regis scream and in the middle , the scream cut off . grant let the goggle fall off he face . they hit the ground with a metallic clink . the rex turn toward grant and the kid . grant let 's go ! grant grab both the kid ' hand and they begin to run . back on tour rest area - drop of water splat on a big fern . Light swim in the little puddle . in the sky above , cloud hurry by , intermittently revealing a half - obscure moon . the tear fence lie in a crumpled , twisted mess . the wheel of a land cruiser spin . a little lizard run in place on it . the SOUND of the jeep 's engine . it 's muldoon and ellie . there Pov - a single cruiser lie on its side in the middle of the road . ellie oh , my God ! where 's the other one ? before the cruiser stop , she j ump out . muldoon shout a whisper . muldoon ellie ! ellie turn in the headlight beam . muldoon toss she a flashlight . muldoon wait up . muldoon skid to a stop , leap out of the car . he catch up to ellie . they share a frighten , apprehensive look . muldoon get on he knee and and touch a muddy area . muldoon t- rex track . ellie look out into the forest . ellie then they must be out there . they must be out there . I know it . muldoon perhaps . ellie no ! they be out there . muldoon I have see a lot of animal attack in the bush . it 's not as gory and horrifying to see as you would think . no pool of blood or expose bone . there be usually little or no evidence leave behind . and if victim be small , a predator can kill by just shaking the little thing to death , eat it , and leave not so much as a button . a definite rustling in the brush . ellie jump and scream . muldoon put he hand over she mouth and push she down . they both squat by the cruiser . silence . ellie swallow . muldoon slowly get up . ellie follow . they flashlight swing back and forth in the night . twig crack under they foot . ellie hear the rustle at the edge of the forest . she shine she light into the brush . she catch she breath . her hand shake . ellie flash she beam right , leave , up , down . jump . something be come at she , roll at she . she gasp , step back . it 's too late . it 's gennaro . his limp body stop at she foot . she cover she mouth . muldoon run to she . gennaro be face - down . muldoon take he pulse . muldoon thank god. ( beat ) we have to carry he . first I have to ... he stand and remove he jacket . close on - muldoon tear the jacket into long strip . he wrap gennaro 's wound . muldoon he 's lose a lot of blood . help I . muldoon and ellie carry gennaro to the jeep . they lay he on the back seat . muldoon jump in back with he . he keep wrapping the wound . ellie start the engine , look back at he . ellie look like you have be through this before . muldoon look up . muldoon I tell you I have see big game attack in Africa . she start the engine . ellie right . ellie skid out of there . int control room - night the dark room be light with two outdoor torch . Light flicker on they face , Arnold and Wu stare at the console screen . wu why ? arnold because nedry mess with the code . that 's why I be check it . wu but that could take week . what would be faster ? try keycheck . Arnold snap he finger , grab Wu , arnold that 's true . keycheck will give I a record of every button nedry push . with a rapid series of key , Arnold initiate " keystroke " . the computer display a short series of command . Arnold run he finger down the screen . arnold Jesus , that 's all he do all afternoon ? he be just dick around , maybe wait to get he nerve up . Wu point to a line . it read : whte-rbt.obj wu what 's that ? arnold some sort of object . let 's see if we can trace it . Arnold type find whte-rbt.obj . nothing . he try define whte -rbt.obj . still nothing . list whte-rbt.obj . the screen fill with data . each line define another security system that have be shut off : security perim eter fence off / security - interior fence off / security - laboratory door off / , etc . wu what 's it mean ? arnold it be not a bug . it be a trap door that fat bastard leave for himself . when he hit whte - rbt . obj , it initiate a set of command that turn the whole goddamn park off . hammond be right about he . wu if I do that I would leave a way to turn it back on . in case I have to . I be sure nedry do . you be find it . Arnold nod grimly . int cafeteria - night hammond sit quietly in the desert cafeteria , calmly spoon ice cream into he mouth . this room be light by dozen of candle . muldoon walk in , stare at hammond in the semi-darkness . muldoon we find gennaro . he would badly injure . harding 's tend to he in you quarter . he will be all right if we can radio for help . you grandchild and grant be somewhere in the park . I believe they be alive but I do not know where they be . hammond I be sure you will find they . muldoon I certainly hope so . hammond I be sure we will . after all , I keep tell everyone , this park be make for child . muldoon just so you understand that they be miss , sir . hammond miss ? of course I know they be miss . you just say that . look , Bob , let 's not get carry away . we have have a little breakdown from the storm or whatever , and as a result we have have a regrettable , unfortunate accident . and that 's all that happen . we be deal with it . Arnold will get the computer clean up , and the radio and phone line open . you will find that kid and my good friend , Dr. grant . I be sure they will want some of this ice cream . it 's very good . int hammond' quarter - night Dark . ellie help harding get gennaro comfortable on hammond 's couch . blood from gennaro 's injury stain the rich leather . gennaro babbles . gennaro that rex do not even give I he full attention . that 's what hurt . I be just a afterthought . I give he my full attention . harding he 's have a lot of morphine . gennaro ( sing ) not enough . ellie I need to find Wu . I have to run a few test in he lab . harding he 's probably in the control room , get - ting in the way while Arnold try to put thing together . as ellie leave , genna ro be sing a shanty in he morphine stupor . gennaro yo ho , I will close this place down ... ext the anne B at sea - night the ship be toss around on a stormy sea . match CUT to : int stateroom - the egg be toss around in the womb of the incubator . the swell settles but the rock of one egg do not stop . the egg crack , a silvery line run down its side . ext park - night somewhere in the dark park , lace by low fog , grant , timmy and lex walk . lex I be tired . timmy you be too big to be carry . lex but I be tired - tired . grant okay , lex . grant pick she up . grant oof ! you be heavy . the full moon be blurred by drift cloud . they blunt shadow lead the three across a open field toward dark wood beyond . grant be lose be think , try to decide where to go . grant I think we be still in he paddock . lex 's heavy eye open . her eye grow big . she tap grant 's shoulder . grant what ? lex do not you see ? do not you see ? grant what ? lex the fence . grant ( squinting ) no . timmy oh I do , right there ! lex let herself slide off grant and run into the wood . timmy follow . grant follow , squinting . finally , he see . a big smile . the kid look up at a twelve foot high electric fence . timmy gulp . lex timmy 's scared of height . timmy spin in fury . timmy shut up . lex and timmy stare at each other . no fight - now . they relax . grant okay with the fence , timmy ? timmy eye it . nod hesitantly . they start to climb . lex climb easily . lex ( mumble quietly ) ' fraid of height . timmy climb tentatively . a dinosaur roar in the distance . close on - timmy 's foot lose its grip . timmy hang for a moment , hold only by he strain hand . all three stop . wait . timmy regains he balance . slowly , they proceed up and over . on the other side , grant look around . more high tree . Beyond a field . grant a herbivore graze area . excellent . grant start to walk toward it . timmy stop . let sit on a tree root . tim we gonna walk all night ? grant look at he watch . grant twelve hour before that ship reach the mainland . tim we need sleep . true , and grant 's think the same thing . he look aro und , surveying the misty forest . he look straight up into the beautiful , tall tree that ring the wide - open grassy meadow . grant up there . tim climb ? again ? I can not climb again ? grant smile . grant sure you can . grant check out and reject tree after tree . near the meadow he find it . a good , basic climb tree . ext upper branch of the tree grant help lex get comfortable on he lap . timmy tuck himself in between grant 's outstretch leg . grant look out . back to kid . timmy and lex be already snore . lex turn and hug grant close to she . she murmur in she sleep . grant start to pat she shoulder when timmy , without waking , reach to she and stroke she hair . timmy ( mumble ) it 's ok , lex . everything 's gonna be okay . CUT to : close on - amoeba-like creature swim in a pool . int incubation room , laboratory - night ellie lift she head away from the powerful microscope . the dark room be light by flashlight . battery pack power the microscope . Wu pace the room , regard he egg with dismay . sitting on they long table with no move wand above they - no thermal sensor . wu what be take Arnold so long ? this room be too cold . my egg will be damage . ellie swing the lens to Wu . not so interested but peer in politely . ellie no sign of that berry . really interesting . there be indication of a similar virus in every tissue sample . but it 's not in the ground . could I look at some of the discard embryos ? Wu reluctantly agree . he open a cabinet and bring she sample . wu I be sure you will find you virus ... or a similar one . all animal carry many viruse in a dormant condition . it 's almost impossible to say with certainty which be the same strain . ellie begin a test on a sample . she add a reagent and mark up a slide . as she work : ellie and yet from what harding tell I , many of you animal have similar symptom - besides the microvesicle , a lack of hunger , loss of reproductive urge , sore in the mouth and gum . Wu wave he arm . wu what the hell do harding know ? he 's a veterinarian , not a pathologist . back on control room - Arnold push he chair away from he console and clap he hand as muldoon walk in . muldoon ask hopefully . muldoon what be it ? Arnold point to the screen . arnold that 's it . muldoon come closer . muldoon that 's what ? arnol D I find the command to restore the original code . it reset the link parameter . muldoon the fence and the power ? arnold right . and it do something else . it erase the code line that refer to it . it destroy all evidence it be ever there . muldoon nedry could steal the egg , get back and reset the whole show . no one would ever miss he . arnold watch this . Arnold type in a command . the screen flicker and change . Arnold and muldoon look out the window as light come on through out the park . arnold hot damn ! muldoon be the fence back on ? arnold you bet they be . it will take a few second to get up to full power , because we have get fift y mile of fence out there , and the generator have to feed the capacitor along the way . but in a half a minute we will be back in business . Arnold point to the transparent map of the park . on it , bright red line snake out , move throughout the park , as electricity surge through the fence . muldoon motion sensor ? arnold get they too . it will be a few minute while the computer count . then I will tell you where grant and the kid be and you can go and get they . but every - thing 's work . half past ten and we have get the whole thing back up and run . muldoon pick up a phone , shake he head . muldoon just hiss . back on grant and kide in tree - grant snore . a mosquito buzze around he . he wave he away and continue to sleep . in the distance , a tiny beeping . below the tower tree , across the for ield , a sensor beep , it 's green light blink , and the beep stop . in the high tree , the branch sway . grant and the kid sleep on . back on control room - the glow , glass map . Arnold and muldoon stare at it . muldoon what be take so damn long ? where be they ? arnold there 's a lot of extraneous movement out there . branch blow , bird , back - ground movement . it may take , ah , okay , count 's finish . muldoon look at Arnold anxiously . Arnold look down . arnold hmmmm . I do not see they . maybe they be out of range of a sensor . muldoon shit . I do not know where they be . I wish I could go out there but I have not get anything to use on the rex . my rocket launcher 's in the jeep nedry steal . and go out with a big gun in the dark would be suicide . int incubation room , laboratory - night brightly light again . ellie perform test with a centrifuge . she look at Wu , who sit across from she in a high stool , stifling a yawn . ellie why do not you get some sleep , Dr. Wu ? I be just go to run a couple more test and then I be go to turn in myself . Wu do not need to be tell twice . he climb off he stool . wu no point in everyone be exhaust . he start to leave . he come back and speak consolingly at ellie . wu I be sure muldoon will find Dr. grant as soon as there be light . ellie appreciate he effort , nod seriously , go back to work . dissolve to : ext ocean - just before dawn beautiful dark ocean . the sky be a rich blue . a morning star fade as the sky lighten . the Anne B be a small dot on the massive ocean . int stateroom , anne B - egg sit in the incubator . a hand spray they with foam . leave . camera examine the egg as the foam disperse . more crack . one egg jump with a bolt from within . it settles . jump again . CUT to : establishing aerial - the primordial beauty of isla nublar at dawn . ext visitor's CENTER - dawn muldoon drive out into the park in harding 's jeep . three worker travel with he . each carry a rifle . ext granth tree - dawn camera look down on grant , lex and timmy still sleep in the tree . a large shadow fall on they quiet face . lex open a eye . she scream . grant and timmy wake up with a start . there Pov - as the camera look through there legs and tilt up right into the huge face of a duck - bill hadrosaur , a gigantic dinosaur with cow eye . its head move up through the canopy of the tree . then the head swoops way down below . and return to grant 's level and stare at he shoe . the hadrosaur taste grant 's shoe . the kid press tightly into grant . lex he gonna eat we ? grant I do not think so . she 's a ... grant and timmy ... herbivore . the hadrosaur honk . lex cover she ear . grant smile and motion to lex . he pick a big fruit off the tree and toss it into the hadrosaur 's mouth . chomp . he feed it again . lex and timmy toss a few . chomp ! chomp ! honk ! honk ! the hadrosaur 's big head swoops way down , momentarily go . when she return , all three quickly gather fruit and throw they into she mouth . the hadrosaur pull back with she giant mouthful of fruit . she pull further and further back and then she huge head turn and move down . grant , lex and timmy strain to see through the branch . there Pov - the hadrosaur be feed four scamper , baby hadrosaur . letting the fruit tumble from she mouth into theirs . lex yell : lex come here , baby ! get you b reakfast ! the baby run to the base of the tree . the kid toss fruit right down to they . lex and timmy climb lower to feed they right from they hand . grant and the mother hadrosaur stare at each other . she sniff he foot . he move closer , straddle a branch . he lift up she lip and examine she gum . close on - a rip piece of fence stick in she tooth . grant yank it out . he let it drop to the ground . he take a large leaf and rub she tooth with it . close on - she mouth as grant 's hand touch the side of she tongue . he see little tiny bump . the hadrosaur let out a low groan . grant be puzzle , rub harder . grant like the trike . maybe it 's not the stone . honk ! she pull she mouth away . the baby hadrosaur turn to the honk adult . she be leave quickly . they follow quickly behind she . the small herd leave , casually trample tree as they go . ext back road , park - morning muldoon and worker drive rapidly in the jeep . suddenly , muldoon slam on the brake . muldoon be Pov - about twenty procompsognathids ( compys ) , small chicken - size scavenge dinosaur , scramble across the road . muldoon where the hell be they go ? muldoon watch they cross . he think it over . spin the wheel and follow they off the road . muldoon let 's see what 's up . ext below the tree , park - morning timmy bravely jump from a very low branch . he smile and look at grant , who 's already on the ground . grant look off in the distance . grant Tim , I think there 's a motion sensor across the field and down there . tim where 's lex ? alone in the bushes - lex kneel . she hold a big fruit and call : lex c'mere boy , c'mere . she toss the fruit . close on - the fruit roll away . lex get up and follow the roll fruit . she pick it up . lex it 's very , very good . she toss it again . lex c'mere boy , c'mere . lex 's eye scan the bush , then stop . she smile . lex's Pov - hide in the brush , a baby triceratop ' eye peek at lex . lex push the fruit closer . the baby triceratop come out of the brush , squeaking as it go . it nibble the fruit . lex roll another . back on grant and tim - they look around . timmy stop , mouth open , yell : tim Dr. grant , Dr. grant , look . grant turn , look offscreen . he 's astonished by when he see . he Pov - a row of shrub , which lex seem to soar above . as a break in the shrub , it 's clear that she 's riding the baby triceratop . love it . lex whoa ! with a whoop , grant and timmy chase after lex on she triceratop . lex ride through low brush , ducking down as she go . then beneath the tall tree as she enter the forest . she cross a stream on a log b ridge . Light shower down through the branch . the water shimmer . lex in be paradise . behind she , grant and timmy shout for she to stop . she wave , kick the triceratop like it 's a horse and yell : lex giddyup ! the trike take off , in a rush . it trip over a fall tree , down by the storm . the trike take a spill and lex go fly . lex whoa !! take be easy ! she pass over the trike 's head , in the air , and scream as she fly : lex I can not swim ! she splashes into the stream . timmy , first to arrive on the scene , dive in heroically . he come up sheepish and muddy - and see lex stand in a foot of water . the baby dinosaur roll to a stop , mow down a patch of sapling as she go . it stand up , dizzy and out of breath . timmy wipe mud off himself . grant help the kid out of the water . the baby triceratop follow they . grant yell to the baby trike . grant go home now . Home to freda ! lex oh , let he stay . he like I to ride he . he could carry I instead of you , Dr. grant . please , let he stay , grant shake he head , grant go! go away . go ! get out of here ! the trike whimper and watch the three of they walk on . lex be heartbroken . lex will I ever play with he again ? grant look across the field , abundantly beautiful in the early morning . he have to keep they go . he point across the field . grant we gotta get to that motion detector . it 's still a way . lex look behind she . in the distance , more hadrosaur join the herd eat from the tall tree . some cool off in a shallow lagoon . they drink , lowering they flat head , meeting they own reflection in the still water . when they look up again , they head swivel . at the water 's edge , a baby hadrosaur venture out , squeak , and scramble back while the adult watch indulgently . ext off road , park - morning muldoon and he worker now follow the compy on foot . the compy trail off in different direction . muldoon and he worker break apart to track the different group . a beard worker follow he party of compy . he look ahead and see a small group stop ahead . they head be bent to the ground . a bald worker have reach another cluster of compy . kick , he scatter they . muldoon 's tracking lead he to the equipment graveyard where nedry be lose . he see he steal red jeep . he rush to it . on the passenger side still sit the rocket launcher . he open the door to retrieve it . when he lean in , he eye catch the tilt side - view mirror . the image be of many compy bent over the ground . he come around , yelling . muldoon I find nedry ! in the distance , the call be echoed . beard worke R ( off ) I find he ! bald worker ( off ) found he ! int hammond' quarter - day hammond peek in the door and see gennaro , heavily bandage , doze on the couch . gennaro 's eye flutter and hammond enter and smile . hammond he , Donald . glad you be awake . I hope you be not go to take this little mishap you have and hold it against my park . it would be terrible if the finish fund be in any way hold up . gennaro just grin and shake he head . he 's very high on morphine . he want to speak but hammond keep talk . after each sentence , gennaro enthusiastically agree with a nod . hammond you really should not have get out of the vehicle . the park be actually quite safe . a disenchant worker sabotage some equipment . Arnold , muldoon , and Wu , all loyal employee , be righting damage as we speak . gennaro oh good , ' cause I love the park ! it 's more than we ever dream ! that brachiosaur be so big ! and that spitter - ( he spit ) - incredible ! I only have one problem . be not we go to have pterodactyl ? ( he frown , smack he forehead ) oh , they would fly away ! gennaro look off , watch the imaginary pterodactyl fly away . hammond take out a bag . hammond take a look at this , Donald . have you see this ? this be great . hammond dump thing out of the bag . they be souvenir of the park . hammond wind - up toy . spitter umbrella . gennaro be thrilled . hammond I get some great t-shirt . dinosaur bingo , hey ... hammond lean closer . hammond Wu say he can make a foot high triceratop . we will sell pet as live souvenir . bio-engineer to eat only food we sell , of course . gennaro can not take it . great idea ! he high -five hammond repeatedly . harding enter and gently tap hammond on the shoulder . harding you will have to bear with he , Mr. hammond . he 's doped to infinity and back . int incubation room , laboratory - day sunlight pour through the window . ellie sit with she head in hand . she look around and wander the lab . notice a drawer , slide it open . x-ray . she shuffles through , find some mark : freda . ellie snap on a view light at she lab station . she study the X - ray . she look up in surprise . Studies it again . the view light be snap off . ellie look again . Wu stand there . wu who give you permission - ellie attack back . ellie I be here to investigate this park . and there 's plenty you have not tell I . wu that 's absurd . ellie this bone be not fully form . wu you be qualified to interpret x- ray of live dinosaur ? I doubt it . it take I many month to learn . y I will tell you something else , freda be not a adult , just a huge juvenile . wu you be make a lot of assumption here . ellie right . what the hell be go on , Wu ? they stare at each other in the bright sunlight . hammond ( off ) growth hormone . the two swing around . hammond stand in the sharp shadow of the room . wu she do not have a right to explore my lab . hammond let 's not argue , Wu , we have a serious problem . ( to ellie ) this animal do not last . there be a regularity , a predictability about when they die . it 's always ... very young . we do not know why . give time , I be sure Wu will figure it out . it 's just ... wu just some adjustment in the code be require . hammond but there be deadline . the park open next summer . and it require full - grow specimen . so Wu use growth hormone to achieve the desire size in a short amount of time . but they all keep die and we do not know how to stop it . ellie and Wu stare at hammond . he step forward . the light be so hot behind he that he appearance be like a apparition . hammond I be go to tell you all this myself , Dr. sattler , after gennaro stop breathe down my neck . that 's why I want you and Dr. grant here on my island - you have to help I keep the dinosaur alive . wo not you please help I ? CUT to : in the sky , the sun momentarily burn through the cloud - int hammond' quarter - day ellie enter . on the couch , gennaro snore lightly . in a chair nearby harding sleep , a roll of gauze grasp in he hand . ellie walk over to the large model of the park that hammond reveal . she look at the miniature dinosaur that sit in different sector of the park . she pick up the plastic rex , examine it , drop it back in . she brushes by harding and study gennaro 's pasty , sleep face . Air blow in and out of he dry lip . she examine the gauze wrap around he wounded leg . it seep with blood . int control - day Arnold work at he console . hammond and Wu lean over he shoulder . ellie burst in , very agitate . hammond look up . ellie gennaro 's lose a lot of blood . he need transfusion . we gotta get a rescue helicopter . Arnold , what 's with the phone ? arnold ah hell . I just can not find it . he sip he coffee and stare bleary - eye at the screen . ellie find what ? arnold nedry jamme all the communication line . he insert some command , a lockout into the program code . I can not find it , because I give that restore command and it erase part of the program listing . wu so ? just reset - shut the system down and you will clear the memory . everything will be in the normal wakeup mode . arnold shut the system down ? wu and reset . arnold I have never do that before . and I be reluctant to do it . maybe it 's tr ue , all system will come on , but maybe they will not . ellie look , there be a sick man here who need medical attention or he will die . four people be out there , miss in you park . we need search team . we have to have a phone or radio . Arnold still hesitates . ellie well ? arnold well , it 's just that the safety system do not function with the computer shut down and - ellie boil over . ellie - turn the goddamn safety system off ! can not you get it through you head that we have no choice ? Arnold look at hammond , who now stare out into the park . without turn , hammond nod he consent . arnold okay . Arnold get up and go to the main panel . he open the door and uncover the metal swing - latch over the safety switch . he pop they off , one after another . arnold you ask for it . and you get it . he throw the master switch . the control room go black . all monitor go black . Arnold , Wu and ellie stand in the dark . ellie how long do we have to wait ? arnold thirty second . ext field in the park - grant and kid walk through a clear . lex stop . grant what be it ? lex I hear something . grant come on . timmy look around . the morning be still and peaceful . branch be motionless . only a little bird jump from one branch to another . lex hear it now ? timmy you be hearing thing . come on , we gotta get back and warn they about the boat . lex hesitates but do not want to be leave behind . she run betw een grant and timmy . then they all hear it . honking . it come from the herd of duck bill behind they . first the honk of a single animal , then another animal join in , then another and another , until the whole herd have take up the honk cry . timmy what 's go on ? grant they be agitate . the duckbill twist and turn . they hurry out of the water , circle the young one to protect they . with a roar , the T - rex burst from the tree , just a hundred yard away straight toward the hadrosaur . lex I tell you I hear something ! the earth shake . a low rumble be hear and feel as the hadrosaur begin to run in a parallel direction to the course of grant and the kid . grant outta the way , kid ! run ! grant grab lex , lift she bodily off the ground , and carry she like a football . timmy run beside they . hadrosaur run alongside of they . grant hear the crash of tree . he take a glance over he shoulder . granth Pov - a flurry of flamingos take flight and spook the herd into change direction . the hadrosaur swerve and charge right into the path of grant , lex and timmy . they all scream . back on control room - the quiet black room . hammond stand by the big window . his pensive presence affect all in the room . Arnold look at he illuminate watch . arnold memory should be clear by now . he push the main switch back on . nothing on . arnold damn . Arnold push the switch off and then on again . still nothing . he glance at hammond 's back . sweat form on he brow . ellie what 's wrong ? arnold oh hell ! I have to turn the safety switch back on before I restart the power . Arnold flip on three safeties , and cover they again with latch cover . holding he breath , he turn on the main power switch . first , there be the computer beep . ellie jump . then relax . the light come on . the screen hum . hammond 's shoulder twitches slightly . arnold thank God ! the room be jubilant . hug and cheer . ellie pick up a phone . ellie Arnold ! they be still not work . arnold no , it sound dead but after a reset , all system module have to be bring on line manually . Arnold quickly go back to work at he console . hammond turn . wu ( to hammond ) Arnold 's about to get the phone up . Arnold push the chair back . arnold okay , we be up again ! ellie grab the phone back up . ellie no we be not . phone still dead . Arnold swing she way . arnold can not be - hammond my God , look at this , Arnold . hammond point to the transparent map . a tight cluster of dot by the lagoon move in a coordinate way . move fast , in a kind of swirl . ellie what 's happen ? arnold ( tonelessly ) the duckbill . wu my good God . ellie what ? arnold it 's the rex ... hammond they have stampede ... back on the hadrosaurs - low angle on the stampede - grant and kid run for they life . behind they the duckbill charge with surprising speed . they enormous body charge in a tight group , kick up dirt , rock , whole tree as they thunder along . close on - a charge duckbill as he honk , eye wild with fear . a horrible roar of the T - rex send a duckbill infant squealing and struggle to stay out from underfoot . close on - a huge adult foot almost trample the infant . frightened and confuse the infant scamper even deeper into the maelstrom . the frenzied herd raise a great cloud of yellow dust . grant and lex and timmy run wildly . the stampede be very close behind grant and the kid 's face be cover with sweat and dust . another deafen roar of the t-rex . grant lead they toward a rocky outcrop with a stand of big conifer . the animal continue to close . close on - the run foot of the stampede animal . the ground vibrate every time it be strike by the huge foot . grant and the kide scramble onto the rock . they frantically tuck in between big boulder as the the herd reach they . lex shield she dusty face with she hand as she wedge deeper between the rock . grant push she down deeper and look up from between the rock . granth Pov - the immense leg of the first hadrosaur to pass . another slam its big tail against the rock , leave a splash of hot blood . stampede leg send clod of dirt fl ying in the air . above , even the bird be run . disorient , they fly frantically along . grant and the kide be envelop in dust . just shadow of huge body with giant limb . bellows of pain as animal wheel and circle . a boulder be dislodge and it roll toward timmy . he dive out of he rocky hide place . the boulder continue on toward grant and lex . they dive after timmy . the group bury itself anew in a group of thick root tangle amidst smaller rock . the boulder continue on , smashing the rocky enclave they have just leave . grant and the kid huddle and watch the last under - belly oscillate above they . the stampede go past . they lie there , unable to move . they watch the herd trample on . close on - the rex 's foot as it crush a motion sensor . lex scream . grant and timmy cover she mouth . the t- rex hunt down the herd . he target he prey . a young hadrosaur . as the hadrosaur gallop into the shadowy treeline , the rex lunge fiercely . the rex and its victim be envelop in dust . grant hold lex close . she watch the terrible cloud with a quiet horror . timmy make the first move to leave . timmy let 's go . now ! the herd 's remainder gallop off into the safety of the deep jungle . grant , lex and timmy run in the opposite direction . back on control room - hammond , Arnold , Wu , and ellie watch the monitor as the dust slowly clear . hadrosaur scatter . now the rex be calm and quiet . back to camera , he gnaw on something . hammond no ! oh no ! he make a kill . he kill one of my animal ! where 's muldoon ? arnold I be sorry , Mr. hammond . hammond my animal ! my animal ! muldoon enter , limping in . hammond be very upset . hammond where have you be ? my rex kill a hadrosaur . you should be out there , do something . mul doon I just come to tell you - you be minus one computer expert . ext by the river , park - day the water rush a few hundred yard away . grant and the kid have finally rest enough . grant nod to timmy . grant we will walk by the river . that lead back to the visitor 's center . lex not I . I be not walk anymore . timmy come on lex , I will carry you . lex nope . too scared . timmy look up at grant . grant kneel down by lex . lex embrace grant . grant you ready ? she wipe she tear . lex can we go on the raft ? then we do not have to walk so close to the animal ! grant what raft ? lex point to a low concrete maintenance building with bar . it be twenty yard away . lex where I find freda 's baby . grant start to stand . he 's think . grant it 's still mid-morn . I bet we have at least ten mile to go . if we take the raft along the river , we can make much faster progress . timmy let 's do it . int maintenance build - grant stumble deep in the gloomy recess of the building . he push past drum of herbicide , tree - pruning equipment , spare tire , coil of cyclone fencing , huge fertilizer bag , stack of ceramic insulator , empty motor- oil can , work - light and cable . grant lex , I do not see any raft . timmy look at lex . where be it ? lex do not know . timmy keep go . grant keep push through bag of cement , length of copper pipe , pile of green mesh . two plastic oar hang on the concrete wall . grant bullseye ! timmy be reliev ed . lex smile . lex told you ! grant grab they . look around , still - grant no raft . where do you see it , lex ? lex actually , I never really see one . just assume . grant assume ? she nod . grant and timmy resume look . in the rear of the build - lex walk below a bar window . slat of light fall on she back . she see a dark closet door ajar . she brushes the handle . it swing open and two bright orange life preserver fall on she , knock she to the ground . lex scream , frantically push the life preserver off . grant 's head pop up . timmy run to she side . she be wrestle irrationally with the life preserver . timmy drop to the ground . timmy lex ! lex ! you be okay , you be okay ! lex be overcome with fear . timmy grab a preserver and put it on . timm y look , lex ! look ! she look at he , realize , and burst out laugh . timmy laugh with she . grant join they . he sit on a box and laugh . grant I be afraid there 's no raft . grant get up . he reach for the hand of the kid . timmy see it - the box grant sit on be label : raft storage . timmy smile .. at the river' edge - grant pull a cord . with a loud hiss , the rubber begin to expand uncontrollably , jerk and jump like a wild marionette . then , with a whopping hiss - whap ! it pop fully open on the deck : a large bright yellow rubber raft . timmy and lex climb in , wear the life preserver . grant get in and push off with he oar . the small disturbance cause the cicadas to roar . the raft drift out into the lagoon . grant fix he oar into the oarlock . grant survey the river . grant look pretty calm . thump . the raft stop move . they be aground . lex look overboard . she reach in about elbow deep . grant stand and put the oar in the water . he push with all he might . there be a long scraping sound of the raft against the mud floor . but it move . and the raft go into deep enough water . a general sigh of relief as they gently float downstream . a wide area of the river - grant energetically work the oar . close on - lex let she hand trail in the water . lex I will row , Dr. grant . grant no . but he 's sweat and take a moment to rest . lex look down at she hand in the water . it still trail . lex hey , we be still move . grant look into the water . she 's right . grant there 's a current . grant lay back against the rubber gunwale , close he eye . the two kid look at he . lex you can not sleep . grant ( eye close ) I be not sl eeping ... yet . lex I will do it ! lex pick up the oar and begin . timmy we gotta warn they about the boat . grant open one eye and look up at the sun in the sky . he sigh and take up the oar again . he row powerfully with the current . a bend in the river - current pick up speed . the water begin to rush and roar . timmy cool ! White foam crash on the raft and spray the kid . they burst out laugh . grant smile at they , but there be concern in he eye . another bend - now the raft be really racing . the kid hold on tightly as the raft be rock . White water crash over , drench the kid . when grant take a moment to look , he be soak by a huge wave . the raft toss right and leave . timmy hold the rubber grip . he 's yank to one side . he 's knock to the raft floor . quickly get he grip again . shout to grant . timmy think be look calm ? grant guess I be wrong . grant look ahead . the river widen . the raft really start to fly . lex , grip very tightly , look out . Water spray she again and again . her face be serious . lex I can not swim ! grant grab the raft 's tie line and pull it out of its rubber ring . he lash it around lex and timmy . then he tie it around one of the rubber grip . grant hold on real tight . they go fly down the river . the roar deafen . the raft lift out of the water . and crash down , rock every way . jag rock appear . grant use he paddle as a club to push off the rock and the rush shoreline . the kid duck from sudden overhange tree . grant look ahead . he blanch . he Pov - the surging edge of a tumultuous waterfall . they be almost there . at the huge waterfall , water rush violently , heaving over the magnificent precipice . timmy try to tighten L ex 's vest but be throw back down . he yell : timmy hold my hand . hold my hand when we go . the raft spin in the rush water . everyone be throw around . the rope hold the kid to the raft tauten . the oar be wrestle out of grant 's hand and go fly through the air , spilling over the edge . at the last moment , grant spot a tree branch arching over the cascade . with all he might , he stand and hold he balance long enough . to let he hand smash into the overhange branch . they stop right at the waterfall 's edge . grant struggle mightily to hold onto the branch . but the water keep rush . his strength ebb . timmy do not let go ! grant 's vein pop out in he arm . his hand start to slip off the wet tree bark . lex watch he hand slowly lose they grip . the rubber raft jump and leap below he . Water pour into the raft . lex try fruitlessly to let it out . timmy hold down grant 's foot . timmy you can do it ! grant I be try . I be try ... ooooo !!! .... his hand slip , slip ... grant no !!!!! CUT to : close on - the t- rex , face down in the mud . int control room - afternoon Arnold , Wu , muldoon , and ellie stare raptly at the monitor . muldoon son-of-a-bitch . he 's take a nap . have not be this well feed ... ever . hammond be above , in he throne . he call down : hammond could he drow in that position ? that 's a very valuable animal . muldoon I know it 's a valuable animal . muldoon take a step up toward hammond 's throne and the two argue quietly back and forth . in the foreground , Wu call Arnold over . wu what 's that , John ? Wu point to the screen behind Arnold 's head . in the upper right -hand corner , it blink a yellow warning : aux pwr low ! ellie regards it . ellie you run on auxiliary power ? arnold I be not . wu look like you be . arnold can not be . wu print the system status log . Arnold nod and rapidly strike key . in the corner , a printer whir to life . moment later , it spin out a single page . Arnold tear it off . ellie continue to stare at the screen . it now flash red : aux pwr fail ! a alarm klaxon blare . hammond hold he ear against the noise . he stand up . the room light begin to flash . they be reflect in hammond 's eye . hammond roar above the chaos . hammond what the hell be go on ? onscreen , number begin to count backward from ten . hammond lurch . at zero , the light go off , the monitor , even the computer . just the alarm keep scream . hammond you be ruin my order , precise park ! Arnold ignore he , keep press button . hammond rush toward Arnold . Arnold look over he shoulder in surprise . hammond scream . hammond fix my park , Arnold ! fix it ! Arnold cross he hand in front of he face , block hammond 's attack . hammond grab Arnold 's wrist and the two twirl to the ground . breathe heavily , hammond clutches he hand to he own chest . Arnold stand up , brushes off . he put himself together , look at hammond . he shout over the siren : arnold I know it 's hard , I know it 's hard , but I be go to put it all back together for you - I promise . I will back on raft at waterfall - grant still cling to the overhange branch , hold the raft from toppling over the crash waterfall . lex and timmy hold onto he leg . the roar of the water diminish . and the flow subside from a raging current to a roll river . and then to a gentle stream . a trickle . nothing . grant slowly relax , let go . so do the child . around the raft , the water level begin to drain . gradually , grant and the kid be leave in the raft sit in just a few puddle of water . around they , various pump and other equipment be expose where it be once cover by rush white water . lex the waterfall stop . timmy waterfall be not suppose to stop . grant I think they cut the power . hey - he point and the three of they look over the edge where the waterfall once pour . there 's a shimmer rainbow and beyond that , in the mist be the visitor 's center . grant well , there 's we pot of gold . let 's go , kid . they grab he hand and clamber out of the raft , run toward shore . back on con trol room - muldoon pull open the blind and the hot sun filter in , so the room be alternate patch of bright and dark . in a hot corner , ellie squat over a prostate hammond , mop he brow with a cool cloth . he murmur , only barely intelligible . hammond told he , fix my park , fix my park . Wu bring the printout to Arnold . the printout be a chronological rendering of control room event since the restart . it be clear they have be run on auxiliary power . Wu yell above the alarm : wu you shut down as six thirty - four this morning , and when you start back up , it be with auxiliary power . arnold Jesus . the auxiliary generator fire up first and then that 's use to start the main generator because it need a heavy charge . the main generator have to be manually reset . wu outside ? in the generator building ? Arnold nod . muldoon point to a line in the printout : 06:35:22 warning : fence status ( NB ) operative - aux power muldoon this do not mean the fence have be off since six - thirty , do it ? Arnold grab the paper , look at it , slam it down . arnold backup power do not generate enough amperage to power the electrify fence , so they be automatically keep off . that 's also why we have no phone or radio . muldoon all of the fence ? arnold yes . muldoon include the velociraptor mesh ? arnold ( disgust , exhaust ) yes , yes , yes . in the corner , hammond lift he head and ellie gently help he to a sit position . hammond do you mean that raptor 's could be loose ? arnold I be afraid so . muldoon no , no way . last time , it take them two day to chew through that mesh . but give them enough time , they will get out . we better get that power on now . hammond regardless , check the pit . make sure there ' five of they there . ext visitor's CENTER - afternoon muldoon and Arnold run across the lawn . muldoon carry he rocket launcher at a ready position . in the distance , the alarm still sound , light flash a continue warning . they reach the maintenance building where the generator be house . its familiar he have be replace by its own alarm . the closer they approach , the louder and brighter this alarm be . grey steam pour out of the vent of the building , obscure everything . arnold what 's that steam come out of my generator room ? muldoon relax , it 's just refrigerate air . there 's a leaky cool pipe . I fix it a couple time before but the original installation be at too sharp a angle . Arnold accept this . he be about to enter when muldoon instruct he . muldoon just go and turn on you generator , then get right back to the control room . Arnold light a cigarette and disappear into the steam - shroud door . ext raptor pit - afternoon muldoon inspect a extremely discouraging sight . the thick mesh that cover the pit have be chew through and rip open . with heavy gun in one hand , muldoon shine he flashlight into the pit . it 's empty . muldoon look up . muldoon be Pov - the dense forest surround the visitor 's Center . muldoon examine the ground . he locate the raptor print lead away muldoon break into a run . int / ext generator room - afternoon muldoon come back to the generator room still runnin g full - tilt . he kick open the door . steam pour out . stand in the thick steam , muldoon yell for Arnold . no answer . he step in the doorway and shine he flashlight around . muldoon be Pov - only the dark abstract shape of rake and coiled rope and small machinery can be see in the steam . muldoon yell again . no answer at all . muldoon curse and leave . as soon as muldoon be go , there be movement . even above the siren , a animalistic breathe , grunt can be hear . obscure by steam and flash light , a reptilian claw clutches a shadow . a pack of cigarettes fall to the ground , spilling out on the floor . int control room - afternoon muldoon enter and confront hammond , ellie , and Wu , muldoon raptors chew they way out . all five be out there . ellie Arnold 's not with you ? muldoon look around grimly . he shake he head . muldoon I be hope he be ba ck here already . hammond take charge . hammond this be why my quarter be specially fortify . to assist in a emergency just like this one . let 's go . muldoon , round up the worker . they will go with we too . muldoon stare at hammond , then drop it . they prepare to go . ellie wait . what about Arnold ? ext hillside , park - grant and the kid come over the hill . timmy see the big fence and the visitor 's Center close behind . timmy we be home ! lex and grant happily run down the hill . ext electrified fence in park - afternoon grant and the kid stand in the long shadow of the electric fence . this huge fence be much higher than what timmy have have to climb . grant turn to he apologetically . grant sorry , Tim . we gotta climb up . tim that 's all right , Dr. grant . you owe I one . ext hammond' quarter - afternoon Wu stand at the open slide gate of the perimeter fence surround hammond 's quarter .. next to he be ellie . behind both of they , launcher at the ready , be muldoon . watch from the window above , hammond wave . ellie and Wu wear radio headsets . muldoon okay Wu , I will have you cover at every moment . but this shell carry quite a punch , so if you be too close , it will take a piece of you . ellie 's on the headset with you . if another one come at you , let she know . then ellie - you start jump and yell . the bugger be easily distract . they will come run and let Wu get that power on . then both of you , get behind this fence as quick as possible . Wu and ellie nod seriously and test radio contact . we start he way across the lawn , muldoon limp behind with he launcher . ellie stand ready at the open gate . Wu take slow step . muldoon follow . Wu be just five foot away from the door to the generator building . close on - Wu 's tense face . the attack be sudden and fierce . it come from the brush . the raptor leap onto Wu in a instant . Wu and the raptor roll on the ground . Wu struggle for he life . muldoon can not get a safe shot . he scream : muldoon Wu , get away . give I room to shoot . ellie come run away from the safety of the gate . she jump up and down , wave she hand , and scream : ellie hey you cretaceous dromaeosaur , you can not catch I . hey , come and get I , you flat - snout mongolian beast . hey ! the raptor be distract by this . he let Wu go for a moment , shaking he loose from he bloody jaw . instantly , Wu roll away . muldoon fire the rocket launcher . with a sizzle , the missile fire . boom ! direct hit ! the raptor be blow to tiny piece . muldoon grab Wu and pull the inju red man to safety . muldoon you ok ? in reply Wu get to he foot , look where the raptor be . wu now , there 's four . muldoon help Wu back inside the fence . he wave for ellie to come in and join they . ellie take off toward the generator building . she yell : ellie I be go in . muldoon , cover the door after I go in . Wu , guide I ! muldoon yell for she to wait but stop when he realize that this may be they best plan . ellie race like a gazelle across the open lawn . she 's very fast and graceful . she duck into the generator building . above it all , hammond watch at the small view window . back on - grant and kide at fence the three be at the top of the fence now . grant carefully lift lex above the barb wire and she grab onto the other side of the fence to begin the climb down . grant grab Tim and lift he next . Tim 's tense face be a river of sweat . int GE nerator build - ellie finish the stair and feel she way along the basement wall . her face be light by a flash yellow light . she bang she head on a pipe . she rub she head . ellie damn , I bang my head . wu ( over radio ) oh that 's good , that must be the water pipe . you be really close now , there 's a cabinet just above you head . reach up and open it . the handle turn to the leave . ellie turn the handle . the cabinet open . wu ( over radio ) it 's a large throw -switch . pull it down , count to three , and push it back up . that 's all there be to it . ellie throw it down . she count : ellie one - back on grant and kide - just a few foot from the bottom of the fence . back on ellie - ellie two - back on grant and kide - grant and timmy jump down . lex be just behind . her sneaker catch in the fence pattern . she pull on it . back on ellie - ellie Three ! she throw the large switch back . back on lex - she jump off the fence . her sneaker come off , fall to the ground . camera push in on lex - it celebrate she narrow escape . grant casually lean against the fence to help lex with she shoe . nothing ! still no electric fence ! the visitor 's Center be in sight . they all turn to each other . elate . lex we do it ! tim we make it ! lex jump up and down . grant smile , high -five timmy . back on ellie - the siren and the flash light stop . the room light go on . ellie turn to go back upstairs . her foot slip , she fall to the ground . she have slip on a pool of blood . she jump up , recoil . it 's Arnold . she squelch a scream , cover she own mouth . smash ! ellie scream as a raptor lunge at she . he jump down from above the water pipe ellie bang she head on . ellie turn and race toward a ventilation shaft . she dive into it . the raptor get there a second late and smashes against the shaft wall . ellie push herself against the shaft wall and , use she leg to push against the wall , begin to climb up . the raptor smashes against the shaft again and get inside . ellie scramble up . the raptor snarl and spit but it be momentarily pin . ellie continue she scramble up the shaft . at ground level , she slam she foot hard against a vent , pop it open . scrape the wall and bang against pipe , she race toward the door . ext generator build - continuing action ellie run full - tilt toward the fence surround hammond 's quarter . Wu , injure , lie within the safety of the fence area . muldoon stand with he rocket launcher just outside the fence wait for ellie . ellie scream to he as she speed across the lawn . ellie raptor ! the raptor explode th rough the door of the generator building after ellie . muldoon fire at the raptor . miss . no time to reload . the raptor gain on ellie . muldoon duck inside the fence 's heavy gate . he slide the gate half - shut , wave ellie on . ellie dive inside the safety of the fence , lose she headset as she go . the gate be almost close . the raptor lunge . muldoon slide shut the heavy gate , bashing the raptor 's head with all he might . the raptor shudder , catch in the gate . stun , for a second , it do not move . ellie and muldoon run to the building . they push open the steel - clad security door and dive inside . Wu limping , chase after they . with a curse , muldoon push the door back open , wave for Wu . ellie and muldoon be Pov - Wu run frantically . the raptor jerk out of the gate , inside of the fence . he race after Wu . wu keep it open ! I be come ! Wu run faster . the raptor gain on he . Wu scream , run spastically . Wu and the raptor be neck - and - neck , equally close to the open door . ellie come on , wu! come on ! run ! the raptor be inch from wu. both be closer and closer to the door . ellie they be come inside ! wu help ! Wu and the raptor be at the door . muldoon no they be not , ellie . muldoon slam the door shut on Wu and the raptor . Wu 's scream be horrific . int hammond' quarter - continuing action ellie drop to she knee , she chest heaving , pull she headset off with a bleed hand . muldoon , affect , turn to she . muldoon I could not compromise everyone 's safety . ellie nod , catch she breath . ellie why do not the power go on ? muldoon you just reset the power . now the computer have to be boot . muldoon look out the tiny bar window of the security do or . muldoon be Pov - there be already almost no sign of Wu . the gate to the perimeter fence slide shut . the raptor look up . he be trap within the perimeter fence of hammond 's quarter . camera slowly tilt to the view window above . hammond stare down . int visitor's CENTER - grant and kid walk through the open security door . all be empty and quiet . they call out but there be no answer . lex where do everybody go ? grant think . grant probably you grandfather 's quarter . let 's go . a distant bellow . grant reconsider . grant actually , stay here . he corral the kid into the half complete enclosure of the gift shop . lex no , I want to stay with you . grant look around tensely . grant no , keep a eye on thing round here for I . I will be back with the other . timmy what about - grant look at timmy . grant I will radio the ship as soon as I find somebody . ( beat ) you be in charge now . do not move from here ... unless you have to , ok ? timmy nod . lex be happy , sink to the floor . lex goody ! I be gonna rest . she find a box of wind - up dinosaur toy . she wind one . send it walk to timmy . timmy tire ! he carry you the whole way . grant slip off into the conceal shadow of the skeletal display of the t-rex and raptor in combat . he look back above he own shoulder into the menace jaw of the skeletal raptor . he shout back . grant be right back . int hammond' quarter - it 's a madhouse in the crowded baronial quarter of hammond . gennaro be sing at the top of he -lung while harding try to restrain he . scare worker huddle together , many a be injure . hammond sit on the floor , in a meditative trance . ellie and muldoon stare out the window . there Pov - the raptor be jump in the air . with every jump he come closer to leaping onto the roof of they small building . muldoon regards he rocket launcher ruefully . ellie why do not you just nail that bastard ? muldoon no more ammo . I requisition six charge but the bean-counter - ( he thrust a finger at hammond ) - cut it down to two . ellie look up to the ceiling . there be a large glass skylight with crisscross iron bar casting a ominous shadow in the sun . ext the anne B at sea - day the ship continue along smooth sunlit sea . land be in distant sight . int stateroom - the crack egg be nudge open . the cute scaly head of a six - inch baby raptor nuzzle its way out of the shell . it shake off a few piece of cling shell and immediately begin to devour one of the remain egg . CUT to : close on - the wind - up dinosaur skitter across the polished floor . it band against the the wall again and again . timmy look down at it and smile at lex . lex any candy behind the counter ? timmy hungry ? lex starve . timmy look behind the counter . he see box of goods . he move a stack of umbrella out of he way . lex get up and pull one out . timmy nothing . lex let 's go to the kitchen . she smile and pop to she foot . timmy 's not sure . timmy Dr. grant say - lex - let 's go . we will come right back . close on - timmy 's tear face . he 's hungry , too . he make the right decision . timmy nope . we be wait here t ill Dr. grant get back . he will help we get some - interrupted by a SOUND . a rhythmic , horrible breathing . now some light and rapid step . and a sniffing . it 's definitely a animal . lex back off in a hurry . she knock the umbrella over . it skirt across the floor . it spin and open by itself . printed on it be the ferocious face of the spitter , the side of its bright poisonous gill spin to a stop . the breathe get closer and closer . the child huddle together in a corner of the gift shop . they scream . it 's a raptor , lean and ferocious . more like a cyborg than a hunter , it study the kid from just outside the gift shop entrance . his eye flick back and forth between the two piece of meat . timmy grab the box of toy dinosaur . he wind one up and send it off across the hall . the raptor glance over at the move toy . timmy grab another , whisper as he wind it . timmy start wind now ! lex and timmy wind toy after toy , send th they across the hall . the raptor leap , crush one in its jaw . other waddle by . the raptor dodge and dart , grab this one , smash that one . the kid go run out into the hall . they race down the visitor Center corridor . timmy pull lex behind he toward the restaurant . lex where be we go ? tim the kitchen ! int / ext hammond' quarter - with a huge leap , the raptor finally make it to the roof of hammond 's quarter . he jump lightly onto the skylight . Glass shatter over the assemble guest and worker below . total commotion and scream . the raptor immediately begin to gnaw at the iron bar that block the skylight . below , they shake off shard of glass and huddle in the corner . ellie turn to muldoon . ellie how long ? muldoon well , they seem to be get faster all the time . I would say - fifteen minute . ellie no tice something out the window . it 's grant approach the gate . she hammer on the glass . grant 's hand reach for the knob . the raptor stop gnaw , its ear perk up . ellie scream and scream . grant notice some of Wu 's remain inside the gate . he stop and look up . at the window , ellie wave she arm , warning he not to enter . grant stop . he see Wu 's headset on the grass , reach through the fence , grab it , put it on . ellie jump up and get she headset . she bark into it . ellie there 's a raptor on the roof of this building . open that gate and you be a dead man . grant stare up at ellie in the window . he wave . she press she hand to the glass . grant ellie , I be go glad - ellie shut up and listen . we have about fifteen minute here . the computer have to be reboot . that will turn on the electric fence . besides the be aptor stick in here with we , there be four more ... grant race back to the visitor 's Center as she continue to fill he in . int kitchen , visitor's CENTER - continuing action the kid hurtle through this huge , industrial kitchen . the kitchen be a maze of turn , from the hot lamp pickup area to the row of stainless steel burner to the chopping block to the potwash area . the kid dart and duck from one area to the next , take shortcut under table , crawl behind counter , scatter pot and pan behind . relentlessly , with a casual speed , the raptor stalk they . it avoid they obstacle with a casual grace and when it cannot fit through they shortcut , it just continue around . timmy pull open the large silvere door of the freezer . lex start to hurry inside . timmy grab she . timmy we will freeze to death in there . lex he 's go to eat we ! timmy reach into the freezer and grab a pile of steak . he toss one toward the raptor . the raptor gobbles it in one bite . timmy shove lex out of the way and begin to toss the steak on the floor . one after the other , he toss they , in a row , closer and closer to the open freezer . the raptor mechanically gobbles the steak , follow they path . he continue right into the freezer to grab the last of Tim 's bait . Tim leap and slam the heavy freezer door shut . lex come run and throw she small weight alongside of timmy 's . timmy push ! the heave and the lock catch on the door . from inside , there be a strangle cry and the door be slam repeatedly . the metal panel of the door buckle but they do not break . the door hinge bend and curve but they do not give . the kid collapse in relief on the kitchen floor . in just a moment , timmy be back on he foot . lex what be it , timmy ? timmy I just remember something . rapto rs be bear in large litter . there 's probably more come . we gotta hide . he grab she hand and they run out of the back entrance of the kitchen . there 's a stairway and they race up . int gift shop - grant , wear he headset , call for the kid and look around the gift shop with concern . he sniff the air and examine the crush windup toy . he see some animal scale on the floor . he hear a noise above and begin to run . int upper floor hallway , visitor's CENTER - the kid hear this noise too and it 's closer to they . they bust into - int amber room , laboratory - the kid knock over trays of stone as they rush through this room . int extraction room , laboratory - automate drill whir as Tim and lex crash through , knock equipment to the ground . the drill still whir on the ground . int genetics room - the hamachi- Hood sequencer explode in a heap of punch card and magnetic tape as the kid race by . int incubation room , laboratory - the kid slide int of this room . they race to its far corner , past incubator and display case of chemical . they look back and see - kid be Pov - a raptor happily gorging itself on a table of egg . he 's be in this room , they place of refuge , the whole time . close on - the raptor 's glisten eye register the child . he begin to stalk . the kid scream . this time there be nowhere to go . the raptor close in on the kid . timmy feebly stand in front of he young sister . close on - the raptor lick its lip , lizard - like . at the other end of the room , grant enter quickly . he survey the situation . quickly , he grab a egg off a table . he reach into one of the chemical cabinet with poison warning prominently display . he come out with a syringe and a vial . the raptor be almost on the kid . grant cough conspicuously . the raptor whirl , study grant . he look back at the child . grant speak into the headset . grant ( to radio ) talk , ellie , just keep talk . he toss the headset on the ground . ellie 's voice crackle out . the raptor study it , transfix . grant inject the egg , then gently roll it on the ground . the raptor forget the headset . he come forward and sniff the egg , then suck it up , swallow it whole . the raptor turn back to the kid . he take two step toward they , tense to pounce - and keel over . dead . the kid race around the dead raptor to grant . grant grab he headset as the three run out of the room . grant address timmy as they run . grant timmy , you know anything about computer ? timmy well , I just get a xt at home . I tell my dad I want a 386 . grant ok good , you be elect . int control room - grant and Tim and lex study the quiet room . grant speak calmly into he headset . grant ( to radio ) okay , we have reach the computer room . who can the will timmy how to reboot ? ellie ( over radio ) ah , Alan , nobody here know how to boot the computer . please hurry , we have only get a couple minute leave . grant Tim , you get to book the system . they reset the power and there be no phone . we gotta turn on the fence and we gotta stop that ship . lex be they go to be ok ? grant if we can get help very soon . timmy sshh , you guy , I be think . he study a grid on a large console . he reach out and touch a part of the screen . there be a beep and a warning sign - invalid argument . please try again . back on hammond' quarter - the raptor have chew almost all the way through the bar . panic below . in the middle of it all , ellie be focus , listen on she headset . back on control room - timmy try something g else . beep . lex raise a hand . grant stop she . grant ( to radio ) ellie , we be work as fast as we can here . timmy try a screen section . beep . again . beep . again . beep . beep . timmy shake he head . in desperation he stab at the keyboard below the touch screen . he punch the escape button . the screen light up a new message - system reset complete . all system normal . back on hammond' quarter - the raptor have just chew through . he squeeze he body into the space as the bar electrify . spastically , the raptor jerk back and forth as the current flow through he . he can not get out . finally , with a whimper , he stop struggle and slide through the space he create . with a thump , he drop to the floor below . ellie , muldoon , hammond and the worker look on in shock . back on control room - grant cheer and hug timmy . lex whoops . ellie ( on radio ) ok , we be all right here for now . thanks . grant ( to radio ) do not mention it . it be timmy . ellie ( on radio ) but there 's still one more raptor . so be careful . timmy be push menus and submenus on the touchscreen now . communications - radio - vehicular ... he get the one he want . he indicate the radio-mike to grant . tim I think this be the boat . they call it the Queen Anne or something . grant grab the mike . grant Queen Anne , do you read I ? Queen Anne ? the radio crackle to life . radio this be the Queen Anne B ? I copy . what 's up ? grant report you position ! radio ah , we be just about to dock here in puntaremas . who want to know ? please identify yourself . Tim punch the screen which display farrell , F rederick D . ( capt . ) grant read it and nod . his voice be tough as nail . grant try this for identification , Captain farrell . you be in possession of steal biological material . if you do not turn that boat around and return to isla nublar immediately with you contraband cargo , you will be find in violation of section 509 of the uniform maritime Act , you will be subject to revocation of license , penalty in excess of fifty thousand dollar , and five year in jail . do you copy ? silence . grant do you copy , Captain farrell ? radio I copy . all ahead stern . a blink light on a map indicate that the ship be pull away from the harbor . grant nod to timmy who terminate the radio contact . timmy what 's the uniform maritime code ? grant who the hell know ? grant and timmy start to celebrate again when lex interrupt . lex what good do that do ? to have the ship turn around ? grant turn to she seriously . grant well it give we ten more hour . ( to timmy ) let 's see if we can raise the costa rican Coast Guard on that thing . the last raptor smashes into the control room through hammond 's view window . Glass go fly . grant and kid go run into the hallway . int rotunda - with the raptor in hot pursuit , the kid and grant come fly . Tim and lex jump over the railing , leaping onto the skeletal display . grant go for the stair , jump down they three at a time . the raptor go after the kid , scramble over the balcony onto the display . the kid scamper down the display , knock paint can and tool off the scaffold as they go . the raptor be just one beat behind , and he snar ling face be splash with red paint as he chase . the kid burrow into the rib cage of the rex . they break off float rub and hurl they back at the raptor . the raptor be undeterred , close the gap on the kid . the kid be stick at the end of the rib cage - it 's close off by the skeleton and they can not break through . they be imprison . the raptor be push through the rib cage , bone crackle as it go . grant leap up the scaffold , grab a beam , swing he weight onto it , and slam it into the T - rex 's neck . the neck shatter and the massive head of the T - rex drop free . it fall directly onto the last raptor , squashing he flat . Dead . grant ( grimly ) and then there be none . ext helicopter pad - dusk muldoon lead he worker onto a army helicopter . two worker carry gennaro on a stretcher . ellie board with the kid on each side of she , hold she hand . grant and hammond walk together , toward the helicopter . hammond Dr. grant , do not abandon this beautiful place . I need a man just like you to help I get my park back on its foot again . and it will be on its foot again . grant we have to leave now . hammond stop . hammond oh you do not know . there be wonderful plan in the work , site already purchase for euro-jurassic and jurassic Japan . grant be unimpress . he hold a hand out to hammond . hammond try a new approach . hammond do not you see I have exalt human potential here ? you must see it . you must feel it . I call back a life form . listen , Dr. grant , do not go . be a part of this . I be invite you to do just that - let the other go , if they want . grant you interrupt natural law . there be regulation , rule that nature follow that make she knowable . hammond you mean there be rule that nature follow that create barrier to we knowledge . grant barrier ? like the season ? the earth spin , orbit the sun ? the entire solar system in interlock motion . we own being in biological step with it all . Mr. hammond , you have disrupt the pattern and look what it 's do ! hammond I know what it 's do . I have make triceratop and gallimimus and a T - rex . I have get a batch of iguanadon be bear on Tuesday . what do you say to that ? grant do not count on it . now get in . grant jump in the copter , hold out a hand to hammond . grant you create mutant form that you further mutate to create amus ement attraction . you make biological puppet with heartbeat and a early death sentence . hammond I create genetic miracle ! grant you create a park to generate a profit - make merchandise operation . hammond the merchandise be just a by-product . souvenir for people to reflect on the wonder . you faint when you see the brachiosaur . Alan , look , let 's not argue . the problem be that my employee be not up to par with my dream . they fail I . the park , I promise you , be safe . it really be . grant grab hammond 's arm , start to tug . grant you park be doom . now come with I . hammond it be not ! it 's bloom ! in the throes of labor ! you be one more more negative voice in a universe of negativity . you will amount to nothing . you will be a bone- brusher all you life . I pity you . hammond pull he arm away and stride away from the helicopter just as the rotors start up . hammond 's suit whip in the wind . grant call to he , reach out he arm . grant come back , Mr. hammond ! it 's over ! hammond keep walk . he disappear over a grassy knoll . grant 's outstretch hand drop to he side when the attack come . with a huge bellow , the T - rex come charge at the helicopter . the pilot scream for all to board as he start to lift off . the rex bite onto the copter skid as the copter try to escape . the copter angle dangerously as the rex hold on . ellie fire a fire-extinguisher into the furious face of the rex and its jaw relax . the copter escape and start to climb high into the sky . the rex paw after it , then drop down to four leg and give the copter a final swipe with its tail . the tail swishes through the air and crack against the plexiglass windshield which fissure and pop . the pilot struggle to maintain altitude and manage to keep the craft in the air . with a roar of its own , the copter break into the blue sky and soar . away , leave a angry t- rex alone . unnotice by the frustrated rex , hammond slip away and walk into the jungle . in the copter - slowly pan the exhaust face of muldoon and he worker , lex and timmy hold onto each other , and grant huddle next to ellie . he reach out and put a arm around she shoulder . she reach up and pull he arm close . ellie they be so beautiful . they be condemn , be not they ? even that embryo fragment have the same viral contamination . grant I have a theory . ellie look up in surprise . she give he a big smile . ellie you have a theory ? grant smile back at she . grant I think that they could never completely isolate the dinosaur DNA . there be always some microscopic mosquito contamination . but at the molecular level , that be enough . every dinosaur receive the same genetic massage , the encode that every mosquito get to terminate life after a season . ellie so the very process itself be flaw . she 's sad . grant hug she . over she shoulder he give a parting glance to the island . a green jewel in a blue sea . suddenly it be obliterate by cloud . camera pan away and swoops down from the copter . it cross the sky . the camera descend to isla nublar , slowly reveling in its natural beauty and finally come to earth in the midst of the verdant jungle . in the jungle - magic hour hammond slowly climb a steep hill cover with creep growth . he almost reach the top when he slip . he fall to the soft ground and roll . he tumble he lplessly , roll and spin down the sharp drop , finally come to a complete stop in a shallow pool of water . face down , he head splashes into the puddle . no movement . just the sound of labor breath . camera pan to hammond 's hand , half - submerge in water . camera move into extreme closeup as a mosquito land on he hand . rack out and dissolve to : ext ocean - night the army copter circle lower and lower as it find the Queen Anne B , slowly drift across the moonlit water . fade out .