jurassic park III written by Peter buchman revision by Alexander Payne , Jim Taylor and John August 1 ext . pacific ocean '' day 1 a speedboat cut swiftly through the ocean swell beneath the loom cliff of isla sorna . 2 ext . boat - day 2 illegal costa rican parasail operator enrique cardoso help Americans BEN hildebrand and twelve - year - old eric kirvy -- already wear life-vest -- strap themselves into a two - person parasail harness . 3 ext . boat - day 3 Ben and Eric clamber onto a makeshift platform that hang over the back of the board . dangle from Ben 's neck be a camcorder . BEN you make sure to get we as close as you can , okay ? if it 's a good trip , I will give you a little extra . enrique do not worry . I take you close . but not too close . ( rub Eric 's head ) you do not want they to eat you . Enrique head toward the driver 's seat and a large second -hand winch bolt to the deck . enrique ( cont 'd ) ready , amigo ? Ben and Eric nod excitedly and give the thumb up . Ben lift the camcorder to the record the action . Enrique jam the down the throttle down , and with a loud raor , the speedboat shoot forward . soon the boat be whipping across the roll ocean . strapped together , Ben and Eric lean back over the pass water , intently watch for Enrique 's signal . as the boat pick up speed , Enrique eye the speedometer . Ben grab the end of the ripcord attach to the harness . he and Eric brace themselves . Enrique finally signal with a pull motion . he pull the winch , Ben yank the cord and - wooosh ! a brightly color parasail blossom behind the boat , hoist Ben and Eric aloft . in a big block letter on the parasail be stitched " dino - soar . " the townline unsold rapidly from its enormous reel . BEN and eric climb higher and higher . enrique keep a eye on the client . when they reach a certain height , he lock off the reel . High overhead , Ben and Eric be float in wonderful , quiet splendor . the motor of the boat now sound strangely distant . down below , the boat enter a think blanket of fog . Eric point excitedly at the island as Ben film he with the camera . then , a sudden tug on the thing line cause Ben to drop the camera , which now dangle from he neck . eric what be that ? a second tug ... and now the faintest of scream . Ben and Eric look down to find that the boat have disappear into the low bank of fog . by the time the boat emerge on the far side of the mist ... there be no sign of enrique . the deck be splatter with blood . as Ben consider the driverless boat ... eric ( cont 'd ) Ben ! Ben glance over at Eric , stare in horror at something below . follow he gaze , Ben find that they boat be only moment away from crash into a large reef . stick out of the water , the impose reef be be batter by wave . as the boat smashes into the reef , it splinter into a number of piece . a panicked Ben turn to Eric . BEN unclip you line ! Eric and Ben frantically unclip they line . catch a updraft , the parasailer float upward . a strong wind send they wafting over the daunt cliff of isla sorna ... 4 ext . suburban backyard - day 4 two plastic dinosaurs enter the frame and do battle accompany by a child 's ferocious sound . child ( o.s . ) rrrrrow ! grrrrrr ! winder to reveal - charlie , a three - year old boy , play in a sandbox with he favorite toy dinosaur . alan grant squat next to he and watch with great delight . ellie satler stand over they , a infant in she arm -- a picture of the perfect family . grant oh , actually , Charlie , that two be herbivore . they would not be interested in fight each other . but this ... ( pick up two other dinosaur ) see , this be carnivore . and this one here -- see its claw -- this one here use its claw to gouge at the throat of its opponent as grant demonstrate with some grunt and groans of he own , he only succeed in frightening the boy . ellie ( interrupt ) uh , Alan ? grant hmm ? ellie he 's three . why do not you wait till he 's a little older ? grant oh , right . ( back to Charlie ) happy dinosaur . he bounce they along the sandbox edge . then , the sound of a car engine turn off and a door slamming be hear . ellie that must be mark. ( call out ) Mark , we’re back here ! ellie and grant turn to see -- MARK degler come through the gate carry a briefcase . he 's they age , handsome but not annoyingly so , with a friendly , balance demeanor . he and ellie kiss tenderly on the lip . ellie ( cont 'd ) good day ? MARK keeping the world safe . ( be : baby ) here , let I take she . ellie hand off the baby . ellie Mark , this be Alan grant . MARK Nice to meet you , Alan . I have hear a lot about you . the two man shake hand , and we now realize it be grant who be the stranger in this household . Little Charlie run to he father , show he dinosaur . charlie daddy , this be a herbabore . grant smile uncomfortably , a third wheel . 5 int . dine room - night 5 winden to a parrot in a large cage . grant be teasing the bird with a cookie , hold a it just out of reach . grant what 's my name ? come on , Jack , say it . be my name Alan ? say my name . the bird do not respond . grant ( cont 'd ) he use to know I . ellie sorry , Alan it 's be six year . grant shrug , give Jack the cookie , and head towards the table . the three adult be finish they dessert and coffee . the the child have be out to bed . a awkward moment of silence . uncomfortable smile . then -- MARK more coffee ? ellie ( relive ) yes. great . Mark stand and collect they cup . ellie ( cont 'd ) so , Mark 's work at the State Department now . grant really ? ( to Mark ) what do you do there ? MARK ( with mock bravado ) I could tell you about it , but than I would have to kill you . grant indeed . Mark smile , nodd . then he go into the kitchen . another uncomfortable silence . ellie so what be you work on now ? grant we have a new site in Montana . at least until the money run out . ellie anything good ? grant raptors , mostly . ellie my favorite . grant lean forward , realize ellie 's one of the few people he can talk to about this . grant you remember the sound they make ? ellie I try not to . grant we have do cranial scan , and raptor actually have a quite sophisticated resonate chamber . I have a theory that they ability to vocalize be the key to they social intelligence . the way they can work together as a team . ellie you think they could talk to each other ? grant to a degree we never imagine . and from the cage in the corner of the room ... jack bullshit ! both look back at the parrot . ellie smile . ellie you teach he that . 6 ext . suburban STREET - night 6 ellie and grant head toward the rental car park in the driveway . ellie good luck with the fund raise . grant it be never easy , but before jurassic Park , you could find money . somewhere . now fossil be out . everyone want to see a real live dinosaur . ellie Times change Alan . but you be the still the best . I mean that . grant the last of my breed . a long moment pass between they as both consider where they have end up . grant ( cont 'd ) I would better get go . ellie let I know if I can help , Alan . you’re bad about ask for help , but please ask I . anything , anytime . grant ( deep down know he never will ) okay . Goodbye , ellie . ellie Goodbye , Alan . not sure what the right thing to do be , they finally end up with a friendly hug . they keep it short . grant get in he car . start the engine . he 's about to pull off when ellie knock on the window . he roll it down . ellie ( cont 'd ) when I meet you , I think that one day million of year ago , all the dinosaur become extinct . wipe out . but you tell I otherwise . when condition change , dinosaur change . they become other thing . they evolve . grant a well - accept theory . ellie ( simply ) Alan do not be afraid to evolve . grant hear she , but ellie know it do not really get through . a force half -smile , than grant wave goodbye . ellie watch as he drive off . 7 int . auditorium - day 7 the last stop on grant 's fund - raise tour , it 's a public lecture host by some foundation . there be scientist and student here , but also a lot of dino - fan , some even with costume . grant finish he speech to what be a full house -- some attendee be grab they coat and sneaking out . this be not the exciting guest speaker they be all expect . a new slide come up . just black and white , and indecipherable . grant it 's through the painstake study of the Interior chamber in multiple specimen that we can determine this exciting correlation between the larynx and the upper plate . that let we theorize -- theorize , mind you -- that the raptor might have be capable of bird - like vocalization . which as you can imagine , would be a tremendous breakthrough . he 's finish , but no one seem to notice at first . then the sympostum leader stand up , lead a smatter round of applause . sympostium leader thank you very much Dr. grant . now do anyone have a question ? nearly every hand go up . grant do not seem surprised . grant do anyone have a question that do not relate to jurassic Park ? quite a few hand go down . grant ( cont would ) or the incident in San Diego , which I will remind you , I do not witness . now most of the hand be down . pick one of the few remain ... male student you theory on raptor be good and all , but be not all this conjecture kind of moot ? the student's buddy nod in agreement . male student ( cont 'd ) I mean , once the U.N. and costa rica and everyone decide how to handle the second island , scientist will just go in and look for themselves . too - clever science reporter be not paleontology itself in danger of extinction ? recognize that as fight word , the symposium leader be about to step in . but grant will take this himself . grant no , and let I be perfectly clear on this point . dinosaur live 65 million year ago . what 's leave of they be fossilize in stone the actual scientist spend year to undercover . ( more ) grant ( cont 'd ) what John hammond and ingen create be theme park monster . nothing more , nothing less . the class clearly disagree with he assessment . another student you be say you would not want to study they if you have the chance ? grant no force on this earth or in heaven could get I on that island . 8 int . derelict cockpit - day 8 look through the crack windshield of a junkyard plane , we see someone spray painting red circle on the outside of the glass . 9 ext . aircraft graveyard - day 9 nash , a wry , intelligent mercenary pilot and soldier , be painting huge eye the window of a wreck plane . finish , he toss the paint can through the open window and walk quickly away from the plane . we now see that red teeth be paint on the craft 's nose . it look absurdly like some angry beast . we be one the edge of a dry lake bed , part of a aircraft graveyard . wrecked plane lie all around . we hear a phone ringing ... 10 int . cargo plane - day 10 a ringing satellite phone rest on a stack of gun case . udesky , the leader of this crew , answer it . udesky udesky . ( beat ) yes sir . we be good to go . I will lock it down as soon as you drop I the payment . with the phone still to he ear , udesky wander out of the craft ... 11 ext . cargo plane - day 11 udesky look over at nash and cooper , another mercenary . Cooper 's the quiet muscle of the bunch , a weapon specialist . he finish load a massive gun , essentially a hand -cannon . it 's aim at nash 's grimace aircraft . udesky that 's right , two of the very best I could find . no , I have not work with they personally , but they come with the high recommendation . then -- Cooper fire at the grimace aircraft . a projectile rocket into the plane and explode with a fireball . nash and Cooper exchange a satisfied smile . udesky ( cont 'd ) you have get nothing to worry about , sir . this be go to be a piece of cake . piece of the demolish craft come raining down . 12 ext . excavation base camp , pt . peck lake , mt - day 12 close on a man 's hand , carefully scraping the stone away from a dinosaur fossil . we follow he hand back as he wipe off he sweaty brow , revealing he to be billy brennan , 25 , a associate professor and site manager . he 's a charmer . look past he , we see cheryl , 21 , a junior at junior of State . she 's one of a dozen college student work at the site , and the one most smitten with she supervisor . cheryl billy ? I do not think I be do this right . he scoot over , lie down beside she . check she work . billy you need to go slowly . see , just take it little at a time . she 's not listen , just watch he eyelash . cheryl I can never tell what 's bone and what 's rock . billy technically , it 's all rock . the calcium in the bone be replace during fossilization . but you can feel the difference . see ? Rough , smooth . Rough , smooth . he run she bare finger over the two different patch , show she . after a pause , she run she finger along he stubbly chin ... cheryl Rough . ... and along he lip . cheryl ( cont would ) smooth . billy may not have start this flirtation , but he 's not end it either . it 's then that a shadow fall across they . billy look up to see ... billy Dr. grant ! grant have just return , a bag over he shoulder . grant Mr. brennan . CUT to : 12a ext . walking to the MAIN tent - day 12a billy take one of grant 's bag , talk as they go . billy how be you trip ? profitable ? grant we will be break in four week . billy Three week . I have to rent some equipment . the cross into one of the tent , which only have two " wall " . on a dust - tape table , a dusty macintosh be feeing data into a strange machine the size of a dorm refrigerator . a mechanical arm sweep back and forth across a tray of fine sand . grant you rent a automated litter box . billy it 's a rapid prototyper . I feed in the scan data from the raptor skull , than the computer break it into thousand of slice which this thing print , one layer on top of the other . it 's the future of paleontology . grant not if it can not dig . the arm stop and suddenly the tray of sand shake , drop through hole in the bottom to reveal a object the size of a person 's fist . billy I give you a raptor 's resonate chamber . grant hate technology , but he can not help but be amaze by the result . he lift the strange object up , shaking out the remain sand . billy put it to he lip and blow through it like a conch shell . the result SOUND be unique and pierce , the cry of a non-existent animal . grant be speechless with excitement . and so he use it again and again , produce different sound and variation . in the distance , flock of bird rise to the sky and fly off . billy look up to see a man and a woman get out of a cadillac . Cheryl be point they in the direction of the tent . billy ( cont would ) ( falsely casual ) oh , I forget to tell you . some visitor want to come by and talk to you . I tell they you would be happy to see they . maybe even have dinner with they . grant absolutely not . billy they be here . grant what ? only now do grant realize this two people who be walk up to they . put on a friendly smile , billy go up to they . man Dr. grant ? grant yes ? man ( extend he hand ) Paul kirby . kirby enterprise ( reach into he pocket ) my card . paul kirby be a talkative optimist with no " off " switch . his wife amanda kirby , just as friendly , be harder to read . there seem to be exhaustion behind she eye . grant what can I do for you , Mr. kirby ? paul well sir , I be a great admirer of yours , and I have a extremely interesting proposition to discuss . would you let my wife and I take you to have dinner tonight ? we treat . grant you know , I have be travel and I be very tired . maybe some other time . paul I guarantee it will be worth you while . behind kirby , Bill furtively rub he thumb and finger together , indicate the guy be load . grant muster a weak smile . grant it 's be my pleasure . 13 int . hell creek bar and grill , jordan , mt - night 13 they’re only halfway through the entree , but grant be ready to bolt . it 's only billy who 's keep he from be rude . they walk over to Paul and amandak table and sit down . paul first off let I say as a dinosaur enthusiast , amanda and I have admire you work for year . amanda it be truly , what 's the word ? inspiring . grant thank you . it 's everything grant can do just to be polite . he desperately want to leave and get back to he dig . paul amanda and I , well , we just love the outdoors . heck we have be on pretty much any adventure tour they can come up with : galapagos , k2 , the Nile ... amanda we even have two seat reserve aboard the first commercial moon flight . billy nudge grant . grant hmmm . paul now , for we wedding anniversary this year we want to do something really special , something ... he place he hand on he wife 's . amanda ...once -in-a-lifetime . paul we have arrange for a private airplane to take we fly over isla sorna . and we want you to be we guide . the kirby 's look to grant as if they have offer he a amazing gift . but grant just sigh and smooth the tablecloth . grant that 's a very nice offer , Mr. kirby , but I be afraid I be much to busy . if you like I can refer you to a number of highly qualified ... paul no , no , see Dr. grant , you be the best . you have see this animal in the flesh . no one else have come close to you . grant I be flatter , but I have take this little adventure tour . and with the air restriction they have impose after the incident in San Diego , you can n’t fly low enough to see anything of interest . Paul be momentarily stymy , but amanda rally . amanda you see , that 's just the thing . Paul and I have special permission to fly low . billy how low ? paul well , I be no aviation specialist . but I do know it 's hell of a lot lower than anyone else . amanda from what I understand , it 's pretty much whatever we want . grant that 's hard to believe . paul let 's just say that through my business -- import / export , emerge market -- I have make some friend in high place . in this case , the costa rican government . amanda Dr. grant , you do not know how important it be for we to have you come along . it would make all the difference . grant be try to find another way to say no , when Paul pull out he checkbook . pual and of course , we be prepare to make a sizeable contribution to you research here . billy look at grant . do not say no . paul ( cont would ) I can write all kind of number on this check . just tell I what exactly it would take . we hold on a conflict Dr. Alan grant . CUT to : 14 ext . sky - day 14 nnnnnrrrrrrnnnnnrrrrr ... a SMALL airplane - a beechcraft kingair 200 turboprop , to be exact - cruise through clear blue sky . 15 int . plane - day 15 grant re-settle , try to get comfortable . billy be across from he , finish clean he camera lense before put they back in the rag case . grant even with what I pay you , you could get a better bag . billy no way . this be lucky . couple year ago some buddy and I go hang glide off this cliff in New Zealand . updraft send I right into the side . boom ! grant that do sound lucky . billy it be this strap alone that save my life . get catch on a rock as I be fall . grant reverse - darwinism . survival of the most idiotic . because he have not really say it ... billy listen Alan , I really appreciate you bring I along . grant the bone will be there when we get back . that 's the nice thing about they . they never run away . ( beat ) and besides , you get I into this . I do not intend to be alone with this people . on paul and amanda sit near the front of the plane . Paul draw a long , nervous breath and look at amanda . she seem just as tense . finally find a comfortable position , grant put he hat over he eye , ready to take a nap . done with he camera , billy turn to someone just off screen . billy so how do you know the kirby 's ? and we reveal ... mercenary Cooper , the weapon specialist we meet earlier . he 's wear sunglass so dark you can not tell whether he 's stare at you or fast asleep . he do not answer . do he even hear ? and then -- cooper through we church . billy what religion ? cooper uh the one that worship God and believe in be good . 16 ext . sky - day 16 the plane continue onward . 17 int . plane - day / hour later 17 grant slowly wake in he chair , groggy . all the other passenger be fast asleep . then grant turn to he right . a raptor sit besides he . the dinosaur eye he curiously , then open he mouth ... raptor Alan . and than it strike . 18 int . plane - day 18 grant wake up with a start , disorient . billy be lean over he . billy Alan . we be almost there . the adrenaline still surging through he , grant turn and look through the window . Cloud obscure the view , than part reveal isla sorna rise majestically out of the water . 19 ext . sky - countinuous day 19 we watch the plane descend sharply to the island . 20 int . plane - countinuous day 20 in various combination , grant and billy , Paul and amanda look out the window at the amazingly green island . Cooper look out through a window of he own . 21 int . cockpit - countinuous day 21 here we find the rest of the crew from the junkyard . nash be piloting . a voice come over they radio headsets . radio voice ( Spanish accent ) unidentified aircraft approach isla sorna , this be San Juan approach . you be fly in restrict airspace . immediately turn to the coordinate two - zero-zero . I repeat redirect to ... a look from nash then udesky switch off the radio . 22 ext . plane - countinuous day 22 the plane now descend to a mere hundred foot above the treetop . 23 int . plane - continuous day 23 Paul put he hand atop amanda 's as they stare intently out the window . billy look to grant . billy admit it . you be excited . grant will admit nothing . Calling back from the cockpit ... udesky Cooper ! yell up if you see anything ! cooper ( yell back ) no , I think I would keep it to myself . suddenly grant spot ... grant there . there ! a apatosaur . look at the coloration . ext . isla sorna '' grassy field '' continuous day a apatosaur be graze on the grass . int . plane '' continuous day billy ( amaze ) I be so use to see bone . it 's weird to see skin . grant Mr. and Mrs. kirby ! if you look out the right you can see ... but Paul just wave he away with a hand , stare intently out he window . we hold on grant a moment , think that odd . 24 int . cockpit - continuous day 24 udesky put down he binocular . udesky South shore be clear . the rest be rock . nash be we on ? udesky we be on . 25 int . MAIN cabin - continuous day 25 look out the window , grant notice they be fly awfully low . just then , he hear a mechanical hum and a low rush from outside . now want to believe -- grant that 's not the landing gear ? Paul , amanda and Cooper do not respond . grant ( cont 'd ) what you be ... ( realize ) you can not land . Paul turn back to he . paul Dr. grant if you would just sit tight , we will explain this all in a jiffy . grant this plane can not land ! amanda it 's go to be all right . just ... grant be out of he seat , head for the cockpit . he will wrestle the control if he have to . Cooper grab he , pull he back . grant start to struggle , but he 's certainly no match . a well - practice fist hit he dead on . CUT to black . 26 over the darkness 26 we hear amanda 's voice , strangely distant but amplify . amanda Eric ! Eric ! be you there honey ? ben! erriccc ! her call continue as we fade up to ... 27 int . plane - day 27 granth p.o.v. -- blurry and disorientate . he find himself lie on the floor of the plane . see he come to , billy help he slowly get up . grant 's head be pound . grant tell I we do not land . by he expression , we see billy would have to lie . billy I think they be look for someone . 28 ext . landing strip , isla sorna - day 28 the jungle have almost reclaim this patchy vine - cover runway . the airplane be park at one end . nash , udesky , and Cooper be check they weapon . amanda be at the edge of the tarmac call into the jungle on a bullhorn . billy and a groggy grant emerge from the airplane . Paul trot over . paul Dr. grant , be you alright ? I be sorry we have to be so ... the three mercenary be now walk into the jungle with they gun . grant what the hell be go on ? what be they do ? paul establish a perimeter . make it safe . this guy be really good . one of they be a Green ... grant Mr. kirby , trust I , on this island , there be no such thing as safe . we have to get back in this plane ... grant look to amanda , who shout through a bull horn . amanda ( on-bullhorn ) errr-iiic ! grant and tell you wife to stop make so much noise ! we be food to this damn animal . paul ( yell ) amanda , honey ! Dr. grant say it 's a bad idea ! amanda ( on the bullhorn ) what ? paul ( point broadly at Alan ) he say it 's a bad idea ! amanda ( on the bullhorn ) what 's a bad idea ? as in on cue , there be a deafening roar from the jungle . everyone turn toward the sound and freeze . paul ( to Alan ) what be that ? grant do not answer , still listen to the reverberation . then a couple shot be hear . billy ( low ) be it a rex ? grant I do not think so . billy and Paul breathe a small sign of relief . grant ( cont 'd ) sound bigger . nash and udesky come running out of the jungle , head for the plane . udesky we gotta go , now ! paul what 's the problem ? can not you guy ...? as udesky and nash sprint past Paul in interrupt by a second , closer , deafening roar . he pale . 29 int . plane - continuous - day 29 udesky wait by the door , hustling everyone inside . nash hurry into the cockpit . everyone scramble to a seat . amanda climb next to Paul . amanda we can not just ... paul do not worry , honey . we will circle around and come back . udesky close the door . billy what about the other guy ? udesky coop 's a professional . he can handle himself . a blood - curdle scream echoe through the jungle follow by machine gun FIRE . nash ( yell back ) we be go ! udesky climb into the copilot 's seat , and nash revs the engine . 30 ext . runaway - day 30 the plane start down the runway . 31 int . plane - day 31 the passenger bounce in they seat as the plane pick up speed down the overgrown strip . 32 ext . runway - day 32 suddenly , two hundred yard ahead of the plane , cooper emerge from the jungle . he stand in the middle of the runway . wave one arm wildly . his second , badly injure arm hang limp by he side . cooper come on , nash . slow down , buddy . 33 int . the cockpit - day 33 nash spot Cooper , shoot a glance at the airspeed indicator . nash coop , you know I can not do it pal . he slam down full throttle in a attempt to reach fly speed . see that nash have no intention of stop , Paul shout from the cabin . paul what be you do ? that 's Mr. Cooper ! 34 ext . runway - continuous - day 34 we be look down on Cooper from behind . as the plane approach , a shadow fall over the injure mercenary . then with brutal speed , a enormous beast seize he in its massive jaw and lift he into the air . from this angle we get only a glimpse of a long crocodilian snout , powerful claw forearm and spiny sail rise from the creature 's back . 35 int . the cockpit - continuous - day 35 all eye be on the creature as it devour Cooper . amanda turn away in horror . amanda oh , my God ! Paul , my God ! 36 int . the cockpit - continuous - day 36 look through the windshield , we see the creature be directly in the path of the plane . nash pull back on the stick . the plane rise . the leave propeller clip the flank of the enormous dinosaur , snapping the blade . blood spray the windshield and side window . 37 ext . runway - continuous - day 37 the turboprop bank into the jungle , out of control . 38 int . plane - continuous - day 38 the passenger be throw about as the craft crash through tree , tear off a wing and piece of the tail . finally come to rest in the jungle canopy , the plane settles in the tree . silence . the passenger slowly recover and have a look around . foliage block most window , make it impossible to see out . billy be anyone hurt ? check themselves , everyone seem pretty much intact . still think of himself as in charge ... udesky quiet ! we be okay . let 's everybody just stay put . he attempt to turn on the cockpit radio , but it 's dead . nash who 's get the sat-phone ? paul right here ! Paul hand the bulky phone up to nash , who dial out . grant unstrap himself , climb to the back to the side door and shove . the door open a few inch before hit a branch . he look out the and let out a quiet gasp as the ground reel thirty feet below . he quickly shut and latch the door . close on the sat-phone . press against nash 's ear . recorded voice we be sorry . all circuit be busy . please try you call again later ... nash shit ! paul what be it ? what 's the matter ? amanda scream . a huge reptilian face appear in the cockpit window . everyone else scream now . the plane lurch - and we hear a deep growl . the passenger hold tight , paralyze . nash buckle himself into he seat . suddenly , the plane be yanked from the side to side . batter this way and that , the terrify passenger tightly grip they seat . finally , the horrible sound of wrenching metal as the nose of the plane be ripped right off . nash and udesky be suddenly sit in open air . the nose of the plane be tilting downward , the jungle floor far below . the passenger hang almost vertically in they seat , debris tumble out the open end of the plane , some of it strike nash in the head . udesky unbuckle he seat belt and climb back up into the cabin . nash follow . suddenly , a long snout with dagger - like tooth push past the cockpit seat , open wide , and clamp down on nash 's leg . the pilot cry out in agony . the other passenger grab onto he arm , try to pull he back . but it 's no use . the dinosaur rip nash out of they grasp and down the aisle . nash desperately grab on to the seat cushion , then watch in horror as the fabric rip away . he 's pull out of the plane and drop to the ground . a giant foot step in the way as the snout of the creature reach down and quickly devourer the scream pilot . it 's horrifying sight , but no one can turn away . please with the appetizer , the creature come back for the main course . grant try to force open the jamme rear door . billy try to help , but the door will not budge . the dinosaur jam its snout into the fuselage and lunge for amanda in the first row . she yank she leg back as the jaw SNAP shut . behind amanda , billy reach forward , unsnap she seat belt and pull she into the next row back . the other unstrap they belt and crowd into the rear of the passenger compartment . the shift in weight send the fuselage tipping backwards . 39 ext . jungle - continuous - day 39 the plane break free of the tree limb and drop tail - first to the jungle floor . it slam hard , then flip over onto its roof . 40 int . plane - continuous - day 40 the passenger be prowled on the ceiling of the plane , daze by the impact . everyone be cut and bruise . out of the open cockpit , they see two approach dino foot . a window near amanda fog over with condensation . when it clear , she find herself look right into enormous eye . then all hell break loose as the plane be slammed across the jungle clear . the passenger be hammer against the wall of the plane , tumble like sock in a dryer . debris , seat and luggage fly everywhere . 41 ext . jungle floor - continuous - day 41 the plane come to a abrupt halt as it smashes into a tree . a gargantuan foot step on the fuselage and flatten it like a paper tube . 42 int . plane - continuous - day 42 Inside , window explode , raining glass over the passenger . as the wall compress , udesky become trap in the rear of the plane , the other in front . billy over here ! udesky dive into the narrowing gap , and billy pull he the rest of the way through . billy be as terrify as the rest of they , but he thrive under this rush of adrenaline . then a huge claw dig into the skin of the fuselage and begin to slowly peel the plane open . grant look up in dread at the widen tear . grant this way ! grant lead the group out the open end of the cockpit . they make a mad dash for the jungle . a tremendous roar cause billy to look behind he . he can not help but steal a glimpse of this terrifying , but utterly fascinating , animal . grant yank he forward . 43 ext . jungle - day 43 with grant in the lead , and udesky take up the rear , the group tear through the jungle . conceal by the dense undergrowth , the unseen dinosaur bear down on they -- mow down the young tree which topple all around they . grant spot a grove of heavier tree and lead the group into it . the dinosaur can not fit between the trunk . it roar at the flee human , search desperately for a route after they . the group continue they relentless pace , put as much distance as they can between themselves and the beast . Paul kirby look like he 's about to have a heart attack . even billy be gasp for air . they stop , think they have outrun it . grant direct the group through some underbrush and into -- 44 ext . clearing - continuous - day 44 we friend stop dead in they track . amanda stifles a cry . before they lie a immense unmove sauropod . grant do not worry . it 's dead . then a full - grow bull tyrannosaurus rise up behind the carcass . it be feed , its mouth mottle with blood and carrion . grant freeze . grant ( cont 'd ) nobody move a muscle . remember : the t- rex track motion . obey , the group freeze for a few long beat . then udesky take off run . and t- rex roar . everyone run . t- rex be right behind they . 45 ext . jungle - day 45 dash back the way they come , the group suddenly come face to face with -- the first monster . we now get we first full unobstructed view of the gigantic creature , spinosaurus aegypticus . over forty foot long and twenty - five foot high , the dinosaur have a bony sail along its back . its head be crocodilian with row of long , curving tooth . sinewy six foot arm terminate in three finger hand with fourteen inch claw . nowhere else to run , the group scatter into the brush as the two behemoth predator rush forward , they roar thunderous . Paul and amanda scramble into one direction , billy and udesky in the other . but grant can not go anywhere - he foot be stick between two branch . he manage to free himself as the two dinosaur approach . they will have to deal with each other before eat the human . grant dive down between two fall tree as the spinosaurus and T - rex circle one another like gladiator , each search for the other 's weakness . laying flat on he back , grant let out a terrify gasp as the giant foot of spinosaurus land across the two trunk mere inch from he face . spinosaurus lunge forward , powerful jaw open wide . t- rex sidestep the assault , its tail knock down small tree as it spin out of the way . in the tress , Paul and amanda scurry again for cover . between the fall trunk , grant attempt to get away on he hand and knee . t- rex press the attack , slamm its tail into the flank of its adversary . spinosaurus be knock back , and grant be again force to duck for cover . as spinosaurus struggle to regain its balance , t- rex dive forward . spinosaurus be drive backwards as t- rex try to grip its throat . amanda yank Paul out of they path . they scramble over to billy . now on its side , spinosaurus fight back ferociously . it slashes at t- rex with its long arm and razor sharp claw , then finally kick the animal with one mammoth foot . tyrannosaurus stagger back , wounded . down below , grant be splash by the blood pour from the dinosaur , as he slowly make he way towards he fellow human . spinosaurus lunge for the t-rex with gape jaw and manage to topple t- rex off its foot and send the fall dinosaur to the ground . with a earth - shuttering crash , the dinosaur land between grant and the rest of the group . the companion scurry out of the way , but as they do so , the head of the T - rex now land almost directly on top of they . plaster against a immense tree , the group watch in horror as t- rex start to rise but be throw back down as spinosaurus latch onto its throat . spinosaurus crush the life out of its adversary , and t- rex open and close its jaw a mere inch from we terrify friend . finally , grant reach the other . grant come on ! spinosaurus let out a victorious howl , and the blood - drench professor lead the group through the undergrowth . 46 ext . jungle - day 46 wind from run , Paul be catch off -guard as a furious grant slam he back against a tree . only one thing he want to know -- grant why do you bring we here ? Paul be too startle to speak . udesky tire to step in , but grant give he back a look . amanda we son be on this island . we need you help to find he . still crunch against the tree , Paul pull out a photo from he shirt pocket . paul this be he . Eric . he 's thirteen now . he 's just about the great kid in the world . letting go of Paul , grant take the photo , a sear -style portrait of the boy we see parasaile at the beginning . he shake he head , disbely . he hand the photo to billy . the group split into two side -- Paul and amanda , grant and billy -- with udesky stick between . dialogue overlap in place . amanda he 's with a man name Ben hildebrand . billy who 's that ? paul her new boyfriend . amanda a friend . we be vacation . Eric want to see the island and the dinosaur , so Ben find a guy who would take they parasaile . they never come back . paul we call everyone , do everything we could . because of all the controversy over this island , no one will step in . costa rica say it 's a no- fly zone , it 's they own damn fault . guy at the U.S embassy -- we U.S. embassy -- say we should " accept the inevitable . " you believe that ? grant so you hire this mercenary . udesky we prefer " recovery specialist . " we do overseas custody issue and ... grant ( interrupt ) then you dupe we into come here . paul we need somebody who know the lay of the land . somebody who would be to this island before . grant ( disbely ) I have never be on this island ! paul sure you have . you write that book ... billy that be isla nublar . this be isla sorna . the second island . paul ( low , to udesky ) I do not know , there be two island . amanda still , you have survive the dinosaur before . you save that kid . grant a few of we survive . a lot more die . and we be better prepare and better armed . ( finally ) how many day have they be miss ? a look between amanda and Paul . paul eight week . Grand and billy be speechless . it might as well be eight year . grant after what you have see today , you really think you son could be alive ? amanda he 's smart , Dr. grant . and he know so much about dinosaur . before anyone else can talk , grant put he hand out . he want everyone to shut up while he plan they next move . grant no , I be sorry , but no . we will savage what we can from the plane . then we head for the coast . there may be a boat leave , something to get we off this island . paul Dr. grant , we be not leave without we son . grant you can stick with we , or you can go and look for he . either way you be probably not get out of here alive . with that he leave , a beat later , billy follow . he have genuine sympathy for the kirby' , but he 's logical enough to know grant be right . back with paul and amanda they look to udesky . paul what do we do ? udesky be clearly at a loss , but for everyone 's reassurance he try to mutter some brio . udesky well , I think we should start search for you son . in the direction they be go . paul excellent . they follow after grant and billy . 47 ext . plane crash site 47 the five survivor search through the wreckage , try to find anything useful . the task be grim . mindful of grant 's warning , they move quickly and quietly . udesky pick up a gun out of the swampy water . the barrel be bent almost 90 degree , unless . billy find he camera , intact . digging a change of clothes out of he suitcase , Paul step around the side of the plane to change . he 's in he underwear before he notice amanda be also there change . paul sorry . amanda nothing you have not see before . a beat . amanda look over as they get dress . amanda ( cont 'd ) how much weight have you lose ? paul twenty , twenty - fire pound . I have be swim at the y. amanda you hate to swim . paul people change . a nod to mean , that 's the truth . paul ( cont 'd ) you look good . amanda so do you . they make brief eye contact , which amanda break . around the side , billy be take photo of a giant footprint the dinosaur leave in the mud during its attack on the plane . grant look over . grant how would you classify it ? billy obviously a superpredator . ( best guess ) suchimimus . that snout . grant they never get that big . billy baryonyx ? grant not with that sail . ( billy give up ) spinosaurus aegypticus . billy I do not remember that on ingen 's list . grant that 's because it be not on they list . who know what else they be up to ? billy look past grant to see Paul approach . he 's struggle with the strap on he backpack . turn in circle . billy regards he with suspicion . billy so Mr. kirby , tell I , when you climb k2 , do you base camp at 25 - or 30,000 foot ? paul thirty - thousand , I think . closer to the top . billy about a thousand foot above it , actually . ( closer ) most mountain - climber remember how tall that mountain be . Paul know he 's catch . grant there be no kirby enterprise , be there ? paul there be . I own a place call kirby paint and title plus . we be out in the westgate Shopping Center in enid , Oklahoma . the " plus " be for bathroom fixture , fireplace accessory , patio furniture . stuff like that . billy I do not suppose that check you write we be any good . udesky he pay we half up front . Cash . paul mortgaged everything we have to do it . even the store . and if we make it off this island with my son , I swear , I will make good on the money I owe you . I do not care if it take I the rest of my life . grant and udesky exchange a dubious glance . udesky however long that be . 48 ext . jungle path - day 48 amanda , Paul , billy , udesky and grant walk through the jungle . amanda Eric ! grant quiet ! paul ( loud whisper to amanda ) stop that . Dr. grant say this be dangerous territory . amanda well we should split up or something . we can cover twice the area . paul no , Dr. grant say ... amanda Dr. grant say this , Dr. grant say that ... paul well what 's the use of hire a expert if you not go to listen to he ? amanda because " Dr. grant " be not look for Eric . Dr. grant be look for the coast . paul Fine ... and when the tricyclatops come after you , do not come cry to I . amanda oh , do not worry about that . paul what ? amanda nothing . paul what do you say ? amanda nothing . paul what do you say ! amanda just drop it Paul ! the kirby 's conversation trail off into the jungle . udesky move up next to grant and billy . udesky if they split up , I be go with you . and as they continue forward , billy spot something in the tree ahead . 49 ext . jungle clearing - day 49 a parasail chute be catch in the branch of a tree . a yellow life vest hang limply from a branch . Paul rush over , unsnag it , and examine the label . paul Young adult . amanda Eric ... udesky ( o.s ) hey . get something here . all turn to see udesky hold up a camcorder encase in a waterproof shell . amanda that 's be n's ! she grab it from udesky and pop open the housing . she try the power switch on the camcorder , but the battery 's dead . udesky pull out a flashlight from he pack and look to amanda . udesky here , give that to I . and as udesky fiddle with the flashlight , grant and billy consider the parasail . billy it look intact . grant we should take it with we to signal any plane . udesky ( o.s ) I think I have get it . udesky have rig the wire on the flashlight so that the battery can be use to power the camcorder . he bring a live wire to back of the camcorder . a red power light come on . amanda it work ! udesky I do not know for how long . udesky swing the tiny screen out and push play . the other crowd around . on the screeen Eric and Ben play frisbee on the beach . paul ( o.s. ) ( excited ) that 's he . that 's Eric ! amanda ( o.s. ) I film this the morning they leave . Ben catch the frisbee , check he watch and motion to Eric . Eric run over , and Ben put he arm around he as they run to the camera . Paul react to this image but hold he tongue . the video screen - the image now cut to a shot from aboard Enrique 's boat speed towards isla sorna -- the start of the movie . Eric point excitedly at the island and smile at the camera . we replay the open moment of the movie from Ben and Eric 's perspective , soar high until ... eric Ben ! BEN unclip the line ! the jungle - a pan from face to face of all watch this tape with a mixture of hope and nausea . on screen - angle again with Ben 's leg in the foreground . falling fast . BEN ( cont 'd ) Hand on ! hang on buddy ! now the camera penetrate the jungle canopy and the picture and sound become complete chaos : scream from the both , branch breaking , flash of Ben and Eric 's frighten face as the camera be buffete in all direction . with a lurch the terrifying descent in finally over , and the jungle floor be just ten foot away , sway back and forth beneath Ben and Eric 's foot . BEN ( cont 'd ) be you ok , buddy ? there 's gurgling to he voice . Ben may be more hurt than he 's let on . eric ( through he sob ) I do not know . I think so . BEN we be okay . it 's go to be okay . here , get ready . I be go to unhook you . the sound of pumpling be follow by the sight of Eric dropping into the frame , landing on the ground roll . he stand and look back up at Ben . eric I be all right BEN ( o.s ) ( weaker ) we be go to get out of this , pal . and on that , the power and picture fade away . back on paul and amanda - overjoy . paul see ? he 's okay . he 's alive ! everything 's go to be all right now . amanda bring a hand to she mouth , silently nodd she head . grant and billy exchange a dubious look , than begin pull the parasail out of the tree . as they do so , the sail get catch on a branch . they pull harder . the branch bend , but the sail will not come loose . one last tug and than , SNAP . the branch break , the chute fall away to reveal a skeleton . it swing down directly at amanda . she scream . finally , the other be able to pull she away . as they untangle the line , the man be able to get the first view of the remain of Ben hillenbrand , still catch in he harness . amanda 's knee buckle . regain she balance , she run off into the jungle . Paul quickly follow . paul ( cont 'd ) amanda ! 50 ext . thickness - day 50 reeling , amanda come to a stop in a area with thick undergrowth . it 's danger here , very still and quiet . she try to calm herself , but each effort to suppress just make she more emotional . she 's surprised as Paul wrap a arm around she to comfort she . but she do not fight it . paul I be sorry amanda . I be . and I be sorry for the thing I say about he . amanda no , it 's ... paul I know you like Ben . I have no right to ... amanda ( frustrated ) it 's not about he . it 's Eric . he 's alone out here somewhere . we baby be all alone . say it aloud , the reality sink in for both of they amanda ( cont 'd ) I guess I be hope that with Ben around , there would be someone to keep he safe . check in on client , udesky stop at the edge of the thicket . something raise the hair on the back of he neck . udesky Dr. grant ! he nod for the other to take a look at this . they head over , grant at the rear . as he approach , billy be pack up the rest of the chute in a backpack . he stop short from what he see . look down , we circle across the jungle floor . here we find a strange , hollow - out construction make of sod and branch . maybe six foot around . just now notice the other ' stare , Paul look down into one of the bowl at he foot , a half - bury nest . it 's fill with football - size egg , laid in a spiral . and this be not the only nest . amanda count twelve in all , laid out in a oddly symmetrical pattern . the last to arrive , grant identify the species in a horrify instant . grant raptors . and as he say the word , off in the distance , we hear the cry of some herbivore , around by the chorus of snarl . smash CUT to : 51 ext . futher in the forest - day 51 the party blast through the forest , try to keep up with grant . they have not even have time to ask -- amanda ( to Paul ) what 's a raptor ? Paul have no idea . udesky they do not look that big . I mean , comparatively . grant if we come across one , we might live . paul well that 's good . grant but you never come across just one . from the back -- amanda wait ! where 's billy ? they all stop . the only one not there be -- grant billy ! billy ! amanda ( almost sotto ) I think we be not suppose to yell . billy ( o.s ) here ! he come in from the leave . excite , he explain to grant -- billy ( cont 'd ) I get some great picture of the nest . you know this prove raptor raise they young in colony . furious with he student . grant just keep move . there 's no time to stand around and argue . billy ( cont 'd ) this speak to a larger social structure , the possibility of darwinian altruism . it change everything . a beat . try not to sound presumptuous -- billy ( cont 'd ) we could co- write a paper . grant ah yes , the first rule of academic . publish or perish . 52 scene previously omitted 52 53 ext . ridge - day ( hour later ) 53 much fatigue , the five now mach upward towards a crest . pant and flushed , they reach the top of the ridge and gaze into the distance . a jungle valley stretch before they . not far off in a vast compound - comprise of several building . one building alone seem to cover several acre . the weary group breathes a sigh of relief . paul I bet there 's a very good chance Eric 's in there . I would bet my bottom dollar . udesky and grant share dubious look and continue down into the valley . 54 ext . ingen compound - day 54 the group emerge from the jungle and enter the compound . they walk through a overgrown parking lot , litter with abandon vehicle . some be lie on they side . other be overturn completely . they be not go to be drive anywhere . a troubled grant peer through a windshield , partially cave in , like some giant head butte the glass . ( think back to lose World ) and the group finally approach the front door of a enormous building . as they head up the front step , we see something in the distance behind they : cat -like movement on the high ridge . to fast to see what it be . but too ominous to dismiss . 55 int . build lobby - day 55 we friend now find themselves in a sparse , one quietly opulent corporate lobby now in the process of be reclaim by the jungle / root and ivy poke through the floor and wall . in the wait area , the cushion of a sofa and chair have be gnaw at and pull apart . dusty coffee mug and fill ashtray lie on the table . the water have turn brackish in a near by cooler . sudden flapping . we look up and see bird nest in the rafter . it be a eerie , haunt place . paul ( call out ) Eric ! be you here ? amanda Eric ! all listen for a response . nothing . Paul and amanda exchange a despondent look . sitting on the reception counter be a official - look telephone . everyone have the same think , but no one dare . finally - amanda ( cont 'd ) what the hell . amanda put the receiver to she ear . nada . with grant in the lead , they head deeper into the building . unseen by the group , a fleeting shadow flit across the lobby 's dirty window with terrifying speed . 56 int . corridor - day 56 a couple vend machine stand at the one end of this long hallway cover with vine . Paul notice they and pull change from he pocket . paul let 's see . I have get about a dollar seventy - five . how about you guy ? billy smashes in the window of one machine with he boot . pick through the glass , he pull out some candy bar and chip . he check the expiration date . continued : 56 billy thank God for preservative . he toss the food to the other . Paul now turn to he own vend machine and smashes it with he heal . the glass refuse to break . 57 int . hatching laboratory 57 grant and billy push through a set of door to see a cavernous hatching facility fill with much of the same equipment we recognize from the first island , although the sheer size of this place dwarf any of the facility see previously . as the group walk down the ramp and onto the floor , they begin to absorb the incredible array of technology : enormous cryonic freezer , they plug pull year ago ; empty incubator ; tank of formaldehyde with dinosaur fetus and body part . machine with intricate tub and wing arm stand beside conveyer belt cris crossing the room at different level . amanda this be how you make dinosaur ? grant this be how you play God . billy look around the lab . he can not help but be impressed . billy okay if I take picture ? grant nod . billy set he lucky camera back down on the worktable . two year from now , astute observer of the dvd will not that billy do not actually take he camera from the bag ; he be carry it because there be not any room inside . billy pull a new roll of film from the bag and zip it shut . across the lab amanda be pass a large cylindrical tank with half - form embryos float in formaldehyde -- genetic experiment go awry . finally she reach a gigantic manified raptor head float in the one tank . something about this specimen catch amandak attention . she bend forward , get very close to the glass . she peer right into the eye of the nightmarish creature . then -- a actual raptor lunge at she form behind the tank . she scream . fortunately the raptor can not get between the closely space tank . amanda run . paul amanda ! grant back out ! move ! and as the group race through the lab the raptors find a larger gap between the tank . 58 int . hallway - continuous - day 58 Paul lead the way , check the door for possible escape route or hide place . twenty foot behind , the raptor round a corner , bolt after they . Paul duck in the close door . paul in here ! 59 int . dino kennel - continuous - day 59 the group slam the door behind they and quickly take in the room . there be several row of oversize steel cage , apparently use for contain young dinosaur . many of the cage door be stand open . the group race down a lone aisle . Close behind , the raptor burst into the room , roar . as the raptor gain ground , udesky and billy run into one of the open cage , slamming the door behind they . grant , Paul and amanda duck into another . before they can swing the cage door shut behind they , however , the raptor slam into it , drive the door into the cage . they be force back against a chain - like wall , trap in a small triangle space by the advance door . the angry raptor be now inch away through the cage door . then , suddenly , the raptor look up . we follow its gaze . the top of they triangular enclose be wide open . the eager raptor climb up the chain - like door . catch the tail of a idea , amanda grab the door and nod to the other . amanda push ! they push hard on the cage door , swinging it and the raptor right through the open of the cage . now the raptor be trap in a small triangular space , the door go right to the ceiling . amanda slide the door 's bolt through the chain like wall , temporarily trapping the dinosaur . the raptor struggle desperately , grawling and snarling , but the cage door seem to be hold . as everyone rush back to the door . the raptor begin to make a low , haunting moan . as the other head for the door , grant linger a step , listen to the beast 's simple melodic cry . it have the same tone as come from the model resonate chamber . grant she 's call for help . 60 ext . compound - day 60 the group exit the rear of the lab building and find itself in a large equipment yard . the call of the raptor be still audible as they head for the tree line . now they moan be answered from distant jungle quarter . the response quickly multiply . to the group 's dismay , they soon find themselves virtually surrounded by raptor cry both distant and near . grant look around with amazement . it 's vindication of he theory on raptor communication , but it could not come at a worse time . responding to the growl , a herd of graze hadrosaurs suddenly flee across the open space . then , in the distance behind the herd a pack of raptor emerge from the jungle , come they way . grant head for the tree ! from the lab building , the raptor we leave imprison now burst out one of the door and howl to the pack -- the same cry we hear in the lab . the raptor pack move into the hunt formation . one alpha-male raptor . slightly larger than the other , lead the charge up the middle . grant risk a look back . but do not stop run . grant ( cont would ) this way ! in a effort to escape the oncoming raptor , grant lead the group right into the stampede hear of hadrosaur . suddenly , all be chaos . hadrosaur race past , split up the group . letting the other get ahead of he , grant look back . much to he dismay , the raptor be ignore the hadrosaur . indeed , the pack weave its way through the herd -- the raptor only want they . in the chaos of the stampede , everyone lose sight of each other . up ahead , billy trip and fall . as he roll the strap on he camera bag break . he do not notice it 's miss until he 's already back on he foot and run . amanda and Paul keep close to each other . further back , grant spot billy 's fall camera back . he grab it as he run past . look back , billy see that grant now have he back ... billy alan ! grant keep go ! they lose sight of each other in the rush . 61-19 omit 61-69 69a ext . edge of the jungle - day 69 a as the hadrosaur whip past , Paul and amanda climb up into a tree . a raptor leap at Paul , barely miss he leg . try to pull Paul up , amanda nearly lose she balance . this time , Paul catcher she . billy climb up a nearby tree of he own in sight of Paul and amanda . udesky have nearly reach a tree of he own when he find himself head off by a raptor . he turn to the other way , but find there be more raptor . he pick up a fall branch as this dinosaur cautiously approach . not more than a few foot away , the leader of the trio stop , peer at he . udesky swing hard , but the dinosaur feint . from behind he , another raptor slashes at the back of he leg , sever he muscle . udesky cry out and drop to the ground . in the treetop Paul , amanda and billy can hear he . paul udesky . amanda ( listen ) he 's this way . from here , the thick branch overlap , form a kind of " second floor " above the ground . it 's not easy , but you can move from branch to branch , tree to tree . on the floor unable to walk , udesky attempt to crawl away from the animal . the effort clearly cause he great pain . strangely , the raptor suddenly do not seem interested in he anymore . Rather , they be " talk " among themselves . udesky be amaze to find he self still alive . suddenly , one of the raptor slashes at he again . but it 's delicately not a mortal blow , just a very painful one . udesky cry out , louder this time . in the tree hear the new cry , Paul , amanda and billy move faster , now finally see udesky on the ground . he 's face - down , barely move but still moaning . the raptor be go . in the lead , amanda start to climb down . but Paul grab she , hold she back . paul it 's not safe . amanda we have to help he . billy he 's right . a predator would not leave a kill wounded . amanda he 's not a kill , he 's still alive . she break from Paul 's grip and drop to the ground . she 's only a foot away from the tree when all four raptor lead out from they hide place . they almost catch she as billy and Paul pull she back up on the limb the raptor stare up at they , angry they plan do not work . paul they could n’t climb up , so they be try to get we to come down . billy they set a trap ( amaze ) they actually set a trap . bore with wait , the raptor go back to finish off udesky , make a meal out of it . up in the branch , the survivor be horrify and sicken . then , from the deep in the forest , a new raptor cry . the feast raptor look up , listen , then suddenly run off into the dark jungle . paul where 's grant ? 69b ext . elsewhere in the jungle - day 69b climb higher in a tree , grant be just foot above a grow pack of raptor . he scale one branch , the next , finally reach a perch that the dinosaur can not jump to . looking down the entire pack be now stand still , watch he . in the center , the Alpha male let out a sort of bark . responding to the cry , the other raptor call back . as terrify as he be , he can not help but be fascinate by they communication . like a hellish bird song , there 's a rhythm to it , a structure . they be clearly talk about something . under he breath , grant be able to mimic its pattern . grant what do that mean ? what be you say ? of course they can not answer . they just keep use the same " phrase . " ready to ditch billy 's camera bag in order to climb higher -- he 's have to hold it by the strap -- grant find he hand cover with a runny slime . he look down at the camera bag , and that 's the source . it 's ooze out the bottom . he unzip the bag to find a broken raptor egg inside , the white and green yolk still drip from the piece of the shell . there 's another intact egg beside it . this be what the raptor where chase . grant ( cont 'd ) God damn you , billy . ever the scientist , Dr. grant test a theory even in the face of danger : he hold up the intact egg so that the raptor can see it . they suddenly go crazy , howling the same phrase but louder . grant ( cont 'd ) it mean , " give we the egg , " do not it ? " we want the egg . " he gently drop the bag to the ground . although the raptor be interested , pull out the unbroken egg , they be still by no mean placate . the song may have change , but they still want grant dead . they begin to jump at he , eventually , hopping up on each otherus back . it 's only a matter of time till they reach he . grant move to climb higher , but see no branch he can reach . and than he hear the low creaking . a crack . the branch he 's on be start to give in . he look down at the face of he enemy , know he will be they next meal . and then , a SMALL canister land at the base of the tree , immediately spraying out a thick cloud of oily fog . it 's the first of five canister that land in the area , create a thick cloud . it 's not just smoke though something far more caustic . as it hit the raptor they immediately recoil , that close to the canister shrieking in pain . tumble in the dirt . there may be a pheremonal element to the mist as well -- they seem panicked , disorient . pack mentality take over , and after the first ten raptor take off run , so do the rest , some trip over they foot blindly . this may be dino- tear gas , but it 's not good for human either . up in the tree , grant 's eye immediately burn from the vapor he squint to see through the fog , where he spot a human shape at the edge of the smoke voice come on ! they will be back ! grant half - climb , half - fall out of the tree , rush to get through the heaviest of the smoke . a SMALL dirty hand grab he , pull he along . 69c ext . jungle - late day 69c eye swollen from the gas . grant stumble , barely able to see as the other person pull he along . it 's only now we can identify he rescuer as eric kirby , the boy he be bring to rescue . a lot have change in the last eight week . it 's not just dirt and muck -- he 's the filthiest child you have ever see -- something primal have come out in he . something wild . 69d ext . ingen compound - twilight 69d on the far side of the tip over vehicle , Eric pull open a hatch -- he hide place . the door open part way . Eric motion for grant to follow . 69e int . inside the bunker - twilight 69e squeeze in sideways -- it 's very tight fit -- grant find himself in a space no bigger than the inside of a datsun . light by a small battery - power lantern . this be where Eric have be hide . the minute grant 's inside , Eric go back to work re-sealing the door . this 13 - year old boy have become astonishingly efficient at stay alive . grant Eric ... the boy hold up a hand . he listen for a moment . he do not hear anything outside . grant ( cont 'd ) Eric , you parent be both here . eric in costa rica ? grant on the island . Eric truly can not believe it . he hope to be rescue but ... eric they will never make it . I mean , they can not manage when the cable go out . grant you would be surprised what people can do when they have too . Eric study he guest , finally certain he recognize he . eric you be Alan grant , be not you ? ( off surprised reaction ) I read both of you book . grant which one do you prefer ? eric the first one . before you where on the island . you like dinosaur back then . grant back then , they have not try to eat I . grant take a better look around Eric 's tiny hideaway , impressed with what he 's be able to scavenge . among the many item we see another smoke canister , some battery - power lantern and lot of candy wrapper . this kid 's be live on chocolate for week . eric when ingen clear out , they leave a lot of stuff behind . grant any weapon , radio ? Eric pull up a long cattle prod to show grant . eric found this , but the battery 's dead . grant it 's a wonder you be not . I be amaze , Eric . I barely last 30 hour . you last eight week . the line catch Eric strangely . it 's the first moment of true emotion we have see he in . eric be that all it 's be ? I think it be longer . grant ( try to be positive ) the important thing be we both make it . that 's something we have in common . Eric rip into a candy bar . after a moment , he realize he should offer one to he guest as well . grant take it . a lone beat . than , grant just have to know ... grant ( cont 'd ) do you read malcolm 's book ? eric yeah . grant what do you think ? eric I dunno . I mean , it be kind of preachy . Chaos -this , chaos -that . and like , to I , the guy seem kind of high on himself . grant smile . grant that 's two thing we have in common . 69f ext . treetop - night 69f the trio be where we leave they , perch up in the branch . they be far from safe , but nothing 's after they for a while . in billy 's eye , we can see a storm of guilt raging . but he have not say anything . wo not say anything . amanda we can not just stop look . Eric and Dr. grant be out there somewhere . paul I want to find they too , but we can not do a bit of good right now . for every scary thing we see in the daylight , I will bet there ten time more of them at night . ( to billy ) be I right ? billy I do n’t know . paul I think you be a expert . billy Dr. grant be . amanda well Dr. grant be not here , so we be go to have to figure out what to do ourselves . amanda be impressed by she own determination . a long beat . amanda ( cont would ) so what do we do ? no one have the faintest clue . 69g ext . deep in the forest - night 69g various shot ; the creature of isla sorna walk past in the shadow , some look up at the light in the tree . suddenly , one of the creature be attack by another . we hear rolling , snarling , hissing , just see the outline of the fight . just as fast as it begin , the fight be over , the winner snake on the loser . 69h ext . treetop - night ( later ) 69h everyone 's move to different branch , try to settle in for the night . Paul keep look over to the tearful amanda , about to say something . he finally do . paul I just want you know , amanda . it 's not you fault what happen . amanda look over , not sure what he absolution . paul ( cont would ) Eric have always be headstrong , and you throw Ben hildebrand into the mix and well ... amanda well what ? paul well damn it . I do not speak ill of the dead . what I be try to say be , it 's be just a crazy accident . the exact same thing could have happen if he be with I . you can not go beat yourself up about it . realizing he 's try he best , amanda can n’t stay angry with he . amanda this would not happen if he be with you . I mean , you drive five mile below the speed limit . I totale three car in fives year . paul that one time be just the bumper . amanda he would have be , safe . completely , entirely , suffocatingly safe . ( beat ) I would have he to see more of the world than enid , Oklahoma . I want to see more of the world than enid , Oklahoma . and so yes , it 's my fault that this happen . I be sorry that you have to be here . really look at she ... paul I be not sorry at all . 69i ext . ingen compound - day 69i Morning on isla sorna . a low mist hang tight to the forest floor as Eric seal up he hideaway for hopefully the last time . they start walk . Eric pull something out of he pocket , show it off to grant . eric know what this be ? grant ( take it ) a raptor claw . I use to have one . a fossil . eric mine 's new . grant hand it back . Eric be become more and more a normal thirteen - year old boy . there 's a innocence to he that 's come back . grant how much of this island have you explore ? eric I stay pretty close to the compound , figure if anyone come to look for I , that 's where they would start . grant we need to head for the coast . eric be you sure ? grant why ? eric closer you get to the water , the bigger thing get . 69j ext . jungle - day 69 J billy and amanda wait for Paul as he come out of the bush , hike up he short . try to take charge ... billy we need to stick to the plan . head for the coast . amanda what about Eric and Dr. grant ? billy go to the coast be Alan 's idea . if he 's alive , that 's where he 's head . amanda what about Eric ? billy repress he instinct to say Eric 's dead . paul ( rationalize ) he 's probably have a better chance by the coast as it be . figure that all the big dinosaur would live in the center of the island . ( to billy ) right ? billy sure . 69 k ext . jungle - day 69 k as grant and Eric walk , both stop , hearing a strange sound . but for a change , it 's not a ominous one . it 's a human one . a phone be ringing , very faintly . without a word to each other , grant and Eric decide its come from the right . 69l ext . jungle - contunuous day 69l Paul be pick the briar out of he sock as they hike , risk trip on every step . then amanda stop short . she 's the first to hear it : the same ringing . after a beat , everyone else can hear it too . and recongnition finally light on Paul 's face ... paul my phone . suddenly , Paul frantically search he pocket as the other anxiously watch . amanda you have the phone the whole time ? billy where be it ? paul I do not know . I do not have it with I . amanda when do you have it last ? paul I do not remember amanda think . and Paul wrack he memory ... paul the plane . I get a call on the plane , put it in my coat pocket , and ... bust suddenly , he stop , he face be lighting with a awful realization . amanda could n’t bear the wait ... amanda what ?... what !? paul I loan it to nash . he must have have it on he when he ... the hideous implication of he word slowly sink in . 69m ext . jungle - day 69 m still follow the faint ringing , grant and Eric turn to find a sail move through the low tree . we recognize it as the back of a spinosaurus . we might think it 's any random spinosaurus , except for the ringing come from somewhere inside it . grant and Eric press back against a tree , keep perfectly still as they hear the thoooomb , thoooomb , thooomb of the creature 's footstep reverberate . it 's tail rustkes against the brush . it 's move behind they , and it 's close . we hear the ringing move from leave to right as it pass . so far , its have no idea they be there . look across the clear , Eric be startle to see paul and amanda be no more than 20 yard away , also hide . a involuntary reflex , Eric call out ... eric mon! dad ! grant immediately cover the boy' mouth . but it 's to late . the dinosaur have stop . we still can not see it . we do not know how close it be . Paul and amanda spot Eric with grant . they be a thousand emotion at once : relieved , disbely , terrify , overjoy . they want to run to he , to yell out to he , but the monster be close . grant take he hand off Eric 's mouth . they both stay completely silent . all this time , the sit - phone be ringing . than it stop . and after a agonizing beat , the beast move . at first we be not sure which direction it 's head , but finally we can tell its move away . once the sail be finally out of sight , Eric break from grant 's hold and dash to he parent ' arm . they coop he up . hug he , kiss he , they affection unquenchable . he 's cry . amanda ( reassure he ) sweetheart , you be okay . ( reassure herself ) you be okay . ( disbely ) you be okay . paul never have a doubt . never do . we kirby man , we stick around , huh ? eric we do . look at she grubby son , amanda lick she shirttail , try to rub he face clean . paul honey , there 's not enough spit in the world for that . she laugh . it 's the first time she 's laugh in two month . billy cross the distance to grant . grant we need to keep move . billy Alan , I want to tell you that I be so sorry about the ... grant billy , I can not talk to you now . he walk off . billy follow he . billy please , okay ? just yell at I . call I a idiot . a asshole . stupid . tell I I screw up because I know I do . grant do not respond . billy ( cont 'd ) I think if we could get a raptor back to the mainland , we could get serious money for it . enough to fund the digging for 10 year . more . whatever it take . grant shake he head , disgust , but do not stop . billy ( cont 'd ) you have to believe I . I do it with the best intention . grant ( finally turn on he ) some of the worst thing imaginable have be do with the best intention . you rush in with no think to the consequence , to yourself or anyone else . ( finally ) you be no better than the people who build this place . grant keep walk , leave billy with he guilt . 70 int . canyon build - day 70 the group enter a structure with giant window design to look into the canyon beyond -- only there 's nothing to see but a thick fog . toward the center of the room , a spiral staircase that lead to a lower level . with billy lag , grant approach the stair and peer down the circular open in the floor . there be not much to see , just fog , a glint of sunlight . 71 ext . river canyon - day 71 step by step , grant lead the group down a rusty spiral staircase below the observation room . the stair end in a lower level . although we be technically outside , this whole place feel strangely enclose . there 's a thick fog at this level -- cloud , really -- but far below we can see the river . and at its bank , a barge . grant we climb down to the barge and follow the river out to the ocean . with any luck , the costa rican coast guard will pick we up . eric then we go home ? amanda then we go home . grant lead everyone down a ramp to -- 72 ext . landing - day 72 a catwalk branch off , a set of stair continue down the along the canyon wall . grant start down the stair . he 's only take a few step down the rusty staircase suddenly break beneath he feet . Paul grab he in the nick of time . the staircase vanish into the fog . clanfing against the canyon wall . after a few more second of silence , they hear the crash far below . amanda you okay ? grant nod and look in the other direction . grant how about if we try this way ? they only other option be a precarious catwalk that disappear into the mist . amanda do you think it go all the way across ? grant one way to find out . the only way to get he - near- fall be to push ahead . but he stomach turn at be so high . amanda follow . the catwalk creak and groan , list slightly . she freeze mid-stride . grant ( cont 'd ) ( glance back ) we would better do this one at a time . amanda step of and grant carefully push forward , disappear into the thick fog . the other listen to the creaking of the catwalk until it stop abriptly . silence . paul Dr. grant ? more silence . then , out of the fog , a distant voice call out -- grant ( o.s. ) come on over . one at a time . amanda step tentatively forward . Eric be cling to she . amanda Eric , its okay . you will be right behind I . paul we be not go anywhere , I promise . as Paul hold Eric , and amanda share a look . amanda we be all together now , Eric . Eric reluctantly release she mother . amanda start to cross . 73 ext . rever canyon - far wall - day 73 grant have stop at a lateral support across the catwalk , try to get the sense of where they be and what purpose this place may have serve . see that the support beam be brace high arched wall of steal mesh , it become obvious that we be inside this vast construction . amanda emerge from the mist and turn back to the catwalk . amanda ( call out ) okay ! come on , Eric ! 74 ext . landing - day 74 Eric be next to go across . he 's still tentative . paul how ' bout if I ... eric no , I can do it . billy and Paul look on as Eric disappear into the vapor . paul ( mutter to himself ) that 's it Eric . Nice and easy ... 75 ext . catwalk - day 75 Eric slowly grope he way forward . he feel a gust of wind and a heavy thud ahead on the catwalk which now sway beneath he . regain he balance , Eric peer forward , but the fog prevent he from see more than fifteen foot ahead . there be a eerie silence . Eric call out timidly . eric Mom ? 75a ext . river canyon - far wall - day 75 a across the canyon , grant move across the later support . with he hand on the railing , he send a white , harden substance drop into the mist . look up , grant notice a large strut , cover with the same substance . realizing what it could be . grant oh , my God . amanda what be it ? grant a bird cage . then , the sound of Eric scream . 75b ext . catwalk - day 75 B Eric watch as a looming shape emerge from the fog -- a nightmarish vision stalking purposefully forward . a full grown pteranodon , stand over seven foot high , walk upright on claw foot , he thirty foot wing fold bat-like at he side . the creature see Eric and fix he with a demonic glare . Eric cry out and dash back down the teeter catwalk . the pteranodon ruse to its foot , spread its thirty - foot wing and fly directly at he . at the other end of the catwalk hear Eric 's scream , Paul charge onto the catwalk , search in the fog . paul Eric ! billy it will not hold ! suddenly , eric emerge from the fog , racing toward he father . and then the pteranodon swoops out of the fog , open its giant rear claw , and snatch the terrify boy from the catwalk . Paul kirby watch in stunne , abject horror as the pteranodon carry Eric directly overhead -- paul eric ! the fly reptile struggle with the boy 's weight . Paul watch helplessly as Eric be carry high across the canyon . Paul run back alone the catwalk in a desperate attempt to keep Eric in sight . billy stay behind , move back up the platform to try to keep the dinosaur in view . with a new idea , he race back up the stair to the observation room . he have a way to save Eric . when he reach the canyon wall , Paul turn a corner and run along another enclose catwalk lead deeper into the canyon . grant and amanda now come pound down the catwalk try to catch up with Paul . amanda ( shouting ) Paul ! where be he ? can you see he ? paul ( shouting back ) I be try ! that thing take he down this way ! grant Split up ! the pteranodon carry Eric deeper into the canyon . the creature 's wing beat steadily overhead , and the wind be fierce . Eric look down and see the river far below . the pteranodon swoops over a isolate outcropping of rock at the end of the canyon and drop Eric into -- 75c ext . pteranodon nest - day 75c a large bowl of mud and branch the size of a satellite dish . Eric land right on top of a pile of dinosaur bone pick clean . mix among be one human skull . before Eric have time to cry out , he look up to find six pteranodon hatchlings close in on he with sharp - edge beak . he pick up the human skull and whip it to the hatchling . they easily duck it and keep come . 76 ext . observation room - continuous day 76 grant look up to see billy lean out over the edge of the observation platform . he suddenly realize what billy be about to do . grant billy ! wait ! billy shout back , a excited - terrify grin on he face . billy I can get he ! grant no ! billy I know the consequence ! billy jump off the railing and drop toward the canyon below . grant , Paul and amanda watch as billy fall past they like a stone , plummete towards certain death . but then -- the parasail chute blossom above he . not only do it slow billy 's descent , but he even manage to catch a updraft and begin to rise . he struggle to control the parasail , swoop dangerously close to the canyon wall , barely avoid it . up ahead he catch sight of Eric and steer towards he . 77-80 omit 77- 80 81 ext . pteranodon nest - day 81 Eric struggle to keep away from the hatchling . but there 's no way out of this nest . billy swoops overhead , but he 's too high to reach Eric . billy eric ! hold on ! he circle around to make another attempt . 82 ext . enclosed catway - day 82 Paul round the corner and finally catch sight of Eric in the nest , some fifty foot below , fight off the hatchling . paul hang on , Eric ! Paul see a outcropping he could jump onto from here . it 's a big leap , though , he might not make it . he steel himself up for the jump , then chicken out . grant and amanda come up behind he . suddenly , a second pteranodon crash land on the catwalk enclosure about they -- right next to a gape hole in the mesh . the catwalk groans with the extra weight . the pteranodon jam its head through the hole , snapping at they . 83 ext . canyon - in the AIR - day 83 billy circle , make he approach . in the nest , Eric kick at the hatchling , but they be undeterred . billy and Eric will only have one chance . as billy swoops past , Eric jump and grab onto he boot . he be yank up and out of the nest . but than , mother pteranodon shoot past , tear out a piece of the parasail in its beak . 84-85 omit 84-85 86 ext . over the river - day 86 the pteranodon who land on the top of the catwalk continue to SNAP through the hole in the enclosure . finally the reptile 's massive weight prove to much , and the entire section of the catwalk break free of the canyon wall and flip over laterally . amanda , grant and Paul be able to hang on , but so be the pteranodon , who now climb they way . 87 omit 87 88 ext . over the river - day 88 his parasail badly damage , billy try to keep aloft . head as low as he dare , he yell to Eric -- billy let go ! terrify , Eric fall into the river safely . he surface , immediately swim to shore . try to gain altitude , billy bend hard to the right . but the rigging be too badly damage . he fly right into the canyon wall , hit hard . instead of tumble down to the river , he find himself swinging from he harness - the parasail snag on a rock spire above he . 89 ext . broken catwalk - day 89 Paul , grant and amanda struggle to stay away from the pteranodon as it move towards they . suddenly . the far end of this invert section of catwalk detach from the canyon wall and swing downward . the force of the action send the three tumble directly towards the pteranodon . miraculously , they manage to avoid its open beak . but they be all send plummete toward the river below . 90 ext . river - day 90 they hit the water hard , resurfacing moment later . the current be carry they downstream . 91 ext . canyon wall - day 91 the two pteranodon who be pursue billy now land on nearby ledge and consider how best to dispatch they prey . billy frantically try to unhook he harness , but the tension be so tight from he own weight that he can not loosen the buckle . 92-93 omit 92-93 94 ext . river bank - day 94 Paul and amanda emerge from the water by the canyon wall and find they son hide behind a rock , search the sky for billy . amanda take Eric tightly in she arm , and Paul urge they to keep move . up ahead , the mesh of the aviary meet the river . wading the shore , grant now scan the canyon , search for billy . it do not take long to spot he . 95 ext . canyon walll - day 95 billy continue to struggle with the harness but to no avail . the doom young man be suspend high up on the canyon wall like a modern prometheus , a entire flock of pteranodon gather around he prepare to peck away he liver . and everything else . a mammoth pteranadon have land beside he and look he straight in the eye . the gigantic creature lunge at he . billy dodge away as best he can . the pteranodon 's frustrated bite sever a crucial juncture on billy 's harness , and billy be able to wriggle free . 96 ext . river bank - day 96 Eric , amanda , Paul and grant watch in amazement as billy be the last to plunge down into the river . grant he make it ! billy bob to the surface and spot the group downstream . he wave and begin to swim towards they . soon he near the shore and get to he foot , wading as he come . grant , Paul , amanda and Eric hurry to meet he . grant be overjoy to see he alive . but he smile quickly fade as he see the entire flock of pteranodon diving down from above in angry pursuit of they lose prey . grant ( cont 'd ) billy , look out ! billy glance behind he . he race forward , motion for he companion to turn around . billy get back ! get back ! just then billy be knock down by the lead pteranodon . it strike from behind with a brutal , calculate beak to the head . billy stumble and fall to the ground . grant rush forward with Paul right after he . amanda take Eric to safety down river . billy scream as the entire flock of pteranodon now swarm around he , pick he apart with they beak and claw . grant billy ! paul it 's no use , Dr. grant . no use . grant can not take he eye off billy , whose blood stain the water rush by . and now several pteranodon be head they way . difficult as it be to leave billy behind , grant and Paul make a run for it . just as the pteranodon be about to swoop in for the kill , Alan and Paul dive back into the river ... 97 ext . the river - continuous day 97 ... and resurface on the far side of the mesh aviary wall , gasping for air . just behind they , the mammoth pteranodon crash into the mesh . it tear at the steel , actually rip it in one place . at the dock up ahead , amanda and Eric have find a rusty , waterlogged barge that 's somehow still float . carry a tarp - cover cage , the boat be mean for transport dino up and down the river . amanda push they away from the dock as Alan and Paul climb on board . 98 ext . on the barge - continuous day 98 the current take the craft downstream , let we get we first good look at the incredible aviary . it 's a vast , dome mesh structure that span the entire canyon . in all , a feat of remarkable engineering and unmistakable hubris . catch they breath , we four survivor look at the cage they be catch in . 99 ext . down river - day / later 99 yanking the starter rope one final time , Paul finally get the engine to turn over , puttering along . amanda be beside he , bail water . paul my own kid be right in front of I and I do not do a damn thing . amanda you could not have make that jump . paul I should have try . it should have be I on that beach back there , not billy . amanda how would you have help Eric ? ( he can not answer ) he need you , Paul . he need we . paul he could have die . amanda but he do not . and neither do you . and I be glad about that . 99a up on the bow 99 a grant be beside Eric , keep watch , but also feel the weight of billy 's death . eric do you have any kid ? grant no. although I have study they in the wild . Eric look over , not sure what that mean . grant ( con 't ) I have a theory that there 's two kind of boy . that who want to be astronomer and that who want to be astronaut . eric I want to be a astronaut . grant see , I be the opposite . I never understand why anyone would want to go into space . it 's so dangerous . you do one thing wrong and you be dead . the astronomer -- or the paleontologist -- get to study this amazing thing from a place of complete safety . and truthfully , everything you really need to learn , you can learn it from the ground . eric but then you never get to go in space . grant exactly . the difference between imagine how thing might be and see how they really be . to be able to touch they . that 's what billy want to do . the barge start to round a bend . on the bow , grant and Eric be the fist to see something remarkable . Eric gasp , unprepare . we do not know yet what they see . grant ( cont would ) I can blame the people who make this island . but I can not blame the people who want to see it . to study it . at the rear of the barge , Paul just now see what 's ahead . awe - strike , he slow the motor and motion for amanda to take a look . and so do we . up ahead the set sun illuminate a incredible valley fill with dinosaur . we see armored ankylosaurs with clubbed tail . duck-bill corythosaur . we float under the gigantic , arching neck of eighty - foot brachiosaur . with the mist from the river and the play of light , we be witness a kind of primal eden . grant ( cont would ) how 's a boy suppose to resist this ? 100 ext . further downstream - night 100 a full moon pass behind cloud . thunder quietly rumble , and lightning flicker in the distance . Paul be still at the wheel . the river be narrower here , and caution must be take to avoid the bank . as the barge begin to round another bend . a familiar high - pitched SOUND pierce the darkness . muffled but unmistakable , it be the ringing sat - phone . all exchange look of sheer panic , expect spinosaurus to leap out at any moment . grant scan the river bank . grant keep quiet . Paul cut the motor , and time seem to stop as the four stand pose for action . the barge finish round the curve , and the ringing grow louder . the suspense be excruciate until finally ... they eye widen at some horrifying sight , more horrifying than anything they have yet see . seven mound of dinosaur dung sit on the patch off treeless flat ground just beyond the river bank . as we friend consider the sight , a idea come to they all of they almost simultaneously . with Eric still in the boat , amanda , Paul , and Alan jump into the river and rush to the bank . 101 ext . river bank - continuous - night 101 the three companion sprint towards the source of the ringing . grant find it before it stop ringing ! and brace themselves and hock they breath , they plunge they arm into they respective dung -heap . after a few moment of this disgusting search ... paul I have get something . I think I have get something ! all turn to Paul . clear away the cling defecation , he hold up to a beeper . and still the phone ring . returning to they bleak task , they shovel the excrement with they arm . finally : amanda I have get it ! I have get it ! grant snatch the ringing sat - phone from amanda 's hand , press a button , and put it to he ear . recorded voice ( on phone ) you too can own a time share in beautiful guadalajara . enjoy a meal in one of we four star restaurant , explore we coral reef , or just walk on the beach ... the kirby hear the record voice and let out a collective , heavy sigh . grant shut off the phone . in all the excitement , none of they notice a fierce horn carnotaur right behind they . the giant creature roar , ready to eat they . but as it get in close , it smell they . even a dinosaur will not eat something that be cover in shit . after a beat , the carnotaur turn and walk away , back into the jungle . paul can not help but be a little offended . 102 ext . back on the barge - night 102 close on the clean satellite phone 's display . the battery level indicator be flashing . paul whatever you do , do not call the U.S. embassy . they will not do a God damn thing . grant well , we do not exactly have a costa rican phone book here , so it will have to be somebody we know in the state . someone we can absolutely count on to send help . paul ( to amanda ) Stan . amanda I would not trust Stan with a snowball in a blizzard . Paul glare at she . now Eric notice something odd in the river . eric what 's that ? the other look down in the murky water . just below the surface , a shimmering wave of silver pass beneath the boat . then a single fish jump from the water . and another . and another . grant bonitas . eric something must have scared they . another roll of thunder , this time much closer . grant get the motor go . Paul move the motor and pull the start cord . the engine sputter but will not come to life . and now the phone beeps . the battery be get even weaker . grant make a quick decision and dial . amanda who be you call ? but grant ignore the question . ring . ring . grant pick up ! pick up ! 103 int . ellie' live room - night 103 wearing he jammy , three - year old Charlie awkwardly pick up the phone with both hand . he have the mouthpiece next to he lip , but the earpiece be hang out in space . charlie hewwo ? intercut recognize who it must be ... grant Charlie ? Charlie . get you mother . right away ! a long silence . Charlie bite he lip , look around . grant ( cont 'd ) Charlie ? be you there ? charlie hewwo ? the sit - phone beeps again , this time much louder . amanda and Eric watch grant , realize they fate may hang on this single call . Paul struggle without success to start the motor . then , unseen by the group , a gigantic fin rise from the water just fifty yard from the barge . it 's head right to they and close fast . grant ( desperate ) Charlie ! it 's the dinosaur man ! go get mommy , okay ? charlie okay . not sure what to do with the phone , Charlie make a logical choice and hang it back up . he walk away to he mom . 104 ext . barge - night [ end intercutting ] 104 grant realize he 's be cut off . he 's about to redial when wham ! the barge be rammed , send everyone tumble . grant manage to stay on top of the wheelhouse , but he lose grip on the phone , which fall on deck . spinosaurus rise from the water , tower over the barge . as lightning flash and thunder crack , the dinosaur let out a ear - split roar . it lunge at grant with gape jaw . grant leap out of the way just in time as the dinosaur rip off the entire wheelhouse . CUT to : 105 int . ellie' live room - night 105 Charlie lead ellie into the room . hand she the phone . of course , it 's just a dial tone . ellie be somebody on the phone ? charlie dinosaur man . ellie look at he with confusion , then quickly check the caller id box besides the phone . it 's international , and not a number she recognize . back to : 106 ext . the barge - night 106 grant stay one step ahead of the spinosaurus as the beast rip apart the quickly - sink boat . it spit out the wheelhouse and bite down on the stern of the boat , rip off a chunk . grant be head up to the other three when he hear the sit - phone ring . he spot it , just about to fall into the water . dive for it , answer ... grant ellie ! 106a int . elly live room - night 106a ellie Alan ? she can hear the spinosaurus roar . ellie ( cont 'd ) Alan ? Alan ! but he 's cut off by a second roar , the sound of someone scream . and then the line go dead . ellie pale . Charlie look at she with a smile . charlie ( imitate ) raaaar ! 106b ext . back on the barge - night 106 B drop the dead phone , grant scramble towards the front of the boat and join Paul , amanda and Eric , who have take refuge in the dinosaur cage . the fearsome beast now lift the stern of the boat clear out of the water . the cage scrape across the deck and slam into the gunwale , toppling off the barge and into the river . grant and the kirby be still inside . 107 ext . the river - underwater - night 107 the cage sink . the close to the door , Paul manage to get out . the other three be not as lucky . the cage rotate as it descend and land on the river bottom with the door side down , trapping they inside . in the cold murky depth , they pull frantically on the bar . debris and equipment float around they . Paul surface out of the breath and disorient . spinosaurus push past the boat . if anyone be go to save he family , it have to be he . and so he dive . push with all he might , he manage to tip the heavy structure , just enough so amanda , Eric and grant can get out . Paul himself be not so lucky . spinosaurus grab the cage and Paul , throw both straight up out of the water . Paul fly twenty foot away , further from the shore . amanda paul ! eric dad ! spinosaurus be go after the heroic Mr. kirby , who dive , swim underwater . he 's try to lead it away from he family . grant ( look around ) up! up! he point to a heavy crane assembly , design for lift cage off the large boat . now well accustom to flee on command , amanda send Eric up first , climb the scaffold like a jungle gym . all the while , they be try to spot Paul . grant be the last to climb , reach the first section as spinosaurus return from the water , slamming into the base of the crane . the whole assembly shudder , threaten to rip into the water . eric where 's dad ? amanda just hold on . try as it might , the beast can not climb the crane . so instead it ram it , shake it , try to knock they off . Eric slip , but amanda catch he . about to shed he bag to climb higher , grant find one last hope . it 's the resonation chamber model . a beat before he decide : it may not be the best choice , but it 's the only choice . he blow through it , the same eerie pitch we hear before . on the third try , he 's able to approximate the " egg " cry he hear the raptor give . he keep it up , repeat over and over . spinosaurus stop for a beat , confuse how this sound could be come from a non-raptor . but then keep smashing . we can hear the mount bolt strain . soon the whole crane will tip . but not before a matching cry be hear in the jungle . grant stop , not certain he hear it . but there it be again . he keep blow . the crane be close to tipping when a single raptor appear from the darkness , chirp - barking at the spinosaur , who simply bat away . but then more raptor come . and even more . soon there be dozen gather , circle . grant stop signal . all three survivor watch with horrify fascination , know they fate be perilous no matter which side win . look at he adversary , spinosaurus roar . and suddenly the raptor attack . spinosaurus easily handle the first few , but like ant they just keep come . they climb up he back , slice , into he with they razor - sharp claw . grant jump ! swim for the far shore ! all three drop from the crane arm into the water . meanwhile , the fight continue . spinosaurus rally , shaking off many of the raptor , but they just keep come . they hook claw dig in , scraping the meat to the bone . spinosaurus put up a brave fight to the end , but finally collapse , dead . the raptor continue to shred it to ribbon . then one of the raptor look over to see the survivor swim away . but a bird in the hand be worth two in the bush . it go back to its meal . 107a ext . far shore - night 107a grant be try to move they along . still head downstream . but Eric will not budge another foot . eric we have to keep look for dad . we have to . amanda I know . I know . I want to look for he too . eric then we should ... she kneel down , face he . she 's just as upset as he be , but motherhood carry the burden of remain calm . amanda let I tell you a few thing about you dad , okay ? he 's very very very clever , very very brave , and he love you ever very much . eric he love you too . amanda okay . he love we very very much . and I know that right now more than anything , you dad would want to know that we be safe . okay ? Eric nod . amanda ( cont 'd ) we be go to get out of this , and everything 's go to be all right , I promise . a voice listen to you mother . out of the darkness step Paul kirby . amanda be knock over with surprise . Eric run to he , nearly tackle he . paul good thing I have be swim , huh ? amanda hug he and Eric so tightly they can not breath . crossfade to : 108-109 omit 108-109 110 ext . beach - day 110 the foursome sit back on the wide beach , one face each direction , keep watch . a light rain be fall , but they do not seem to notice . try to keep he boy 's spirit up ... paul you remember when we go fishing last summer ? and I be try to put the boat in and the trailer sink ? and then the tow truck come and try to pull it out , but it get drag in ? and the truck driver threaten to knock you dad 's light out ? so I say I be the governor and he believe I ? Eric really smile , remember the day . eric yeah . amanda be smile too . she have completely forget the incident . paul that be a fun day . to Paul , after some consideration .... amanda we should try fishing again . paul you mean it ? amanda I do . it 's worth another shot . and who know ? thing might turn out differently . her hand take he , gently brush off the wet sand , fingertip touch . it 's a small thing , but it 's a start . sense he cue to leave , grant get up and start walk down the beach . Eric hurry to follow he . he speak conspiratorially , not want to alarm he parent . eric the lady you call , how do you know she can help we ? grant she 's the one person I could always count on . and she 's save I more time than she realize . I owe she everything . a long beat as they walk . grant ( cont 'd ) it 's strike I now I never tell she that . eric you should . grant you be right . as they keep walk , grant notice something ram against the rock ahead . it 's a speedboat , its hull rip open from the impact . and it 's not just any boat either -- it 's the same dino - soar boat that be pull the parasail . Eric have n’t see it yet , so grant stop he . grant ( cont 'd ) Eric , do you know what happen to the boat ? that bring you here ? why do it crash ? eric no . I could not see . grant do I a favor . go back to you parent for a minute , would you ? ( pre-empt objection ) they look worried . Eric nod and head back to Paul and amanda . grant forges on , approach the speedboat wreckage . he do not know what he will find , but he need to look . almost reach he parent , Eric stop . look out over the ocean , where he see two light . he do not say anything for a moment , try to make sure they be real . they be . and they be come closer . eric ( excited ) Mom ! dad ! they look up to see the distant light , just now make out full form ... paul helicopter . helicopter ! he shout with joy . Paul , amanda and Eric wave they arm , make as much motion as possible . the helicopter -- big military chopper -- change direction , head straight for they . Paul and amanda embrace , then kiss , the moment get the best of they at the speedboat grant look in , prepare to see anything in the wreckage . but the cabin be surprisingly intact , just a little blood . there be three gashes on the driver 's seat back . grant measure they space with he finger . eric ( yell over ) Dr. grant ! helicopter be come ! grant look down to the wet sand around he , find a trail of three - to track . eric ( cont 'd ) we be safe ! grant ( to himself ) no we be not . the first chopper . fly right overhead . Paul and amanda be confuse , until the second helicopter start to land -- the first on be there to cover they . grant yell at the first chopper , try to wave it away . but the noise of the blade be deafending . grant ( cont 'd ) no ! stay back ! they 're in the tree ! at the treeline , the upper branch be shaking . at first , it look like it 's just the wind off the chopper , but something more be happen . a pteranodon fly up out of the tree , the first of twenty . it 's a gorgeous and terrifying sight . 110a int . first chopper - dawn 110 a terrify , the costa rican chopper pilot veer away , but the pteranodon be already on he . they smash at the window , grab on the skid , the chopper roll wildly . one over - eager pteranodon stick he head up to high , get decapitate by the blade . 110b ext . beach - dawn 110b as the second chopper touch down on the beach , Eric , amanda and Paul load in . grant be run they way . 110c ext . by the tree - dawn 110c meanwhile , the first copper be lose the battle even as it climb higher . the helicopter suddenly tip , fall , smashing into the tree with a massive fireball . 110d int . second chopper - dawn 110d see the explosion , the second chopper pilot take off . Eric , amanda and Paul be on board , but grant be still run up . the helicopter pass right over he . amanda ( to the pilot ) you have to go back ! we can not leave he ! see a ladder release by the door , Paul throw the lever . a cord - and - steel - ladder unfurl , drag across the sand . 110e ext . the beach - dawn 110e grant chase after we , catch a rung just as it go over the water . behind he , pteranodon be circle the wreckage of the first chopper and start to go after the second . buffete by the wind , grant climb the ladder up towards the chopper . a pteranodon fly up right behind he , try to bite . it catch grant 's shoulder . grant spin to the far side of the ladder . the pteranodon go to bite he again , but find it head catch between the rung . as it try to free itself , it just get more entangle . the entire ladder start to lift , catch by the updraft from the creature wing . 110f int . second chopper - dawn 110 F up with the pilot , amanda see the other pteranodon be head back to the island , unable to keep up . amanda they be not follow . in back , Paul and Eric get the ladder mechanism to begin to retract . it reel grant in faster . it also reel in the pteranodon , which may be catch , but be still plenty dangerous . as grant reach the cabin , they shut off the ladder engine . the pteranodon be still work its way free , pull itself closer and closer . grant ( shouting over the noise ) we have to cut it ! find something sharp ! everyone check the cabin for a knife , anything sharp . finally , Eric hand grant the raptor claw . grant use it to rip the line . the fiber break and fray , but the pteranodon keep come closer . Paul throw a wrench at the pteranodon , whacking it straight in the head . it feel good , and damn if it do not slow it down a little . grant have cut through the cord . he start on the second when the pteranodon snap at he , go for he hand . there 's nowhere for grant to cut without the pteranodon get he . and idea , grant very deliberately place in he hand on the line , pull away at the last moment . the pteranodon itself bite through the line . 110g ext . ocean - dawn 110g the pteranodon fall away from the helicopter , catch wind just before it hit the water . it circle and fly back to isla sorna . as horrifying as the creature be a moment ago , it 's suddenly beautiful again . each motion of its giant wing be a small symphony . 110h int . copper / flying - dawn 110h sitting between he parent , Eric look back at the island in the distance . eric what do you think be go to happen with the dinosaur ? grant the population will stabilize eventually . they will adapt to fit different role . on paul and amanda paul either that , or the government will firebomb it back to the Stone Age . amanda I would completely support that . on eric and grant look back at the island . eric I hope they do not . I want to come back someday . and Dr. grant realize ... grant so do i. ext . ocean '' dawn the helicopter fly away across the ocean , leave the island behind . the end