@ soonssic tarr ag : sa smre > PA ey ou4\e7 > ext . little league field - aerial we drift over a scene of Saturday afternoon americana , a Little League baseball game and cookout at the town field of a peaceful suburban community - ground level - picnic area a dad in a grease - spatter apron flip steak , burger and dog on the grill with a long -handle fork ~ parking lot - yappy dog a little yappy dog scoot around barking with apoplectic fury at the end of its leash , secure to gardening stake whacked into the ground at the edge of the parking lot - bleacher parent cheer they child on - joshua' mother come on , joshua , rip the cover off the ball ! timmy 's father buckle down , fella ! on you toe out there ! joshua 's mother sit with little rebecca , no more than two or three year old , stand on the bleacher seat beside she , and she bespectacle son benjamin immerse in a Harry Potter book on the other side . behind she be a video enthusiast parent , recording everything with a high - end video camera - joshua' mother come on , honey , lay into it ! ( nudging Benjamin ) Benjamin , stop read , you brother ' 's up - benjamin I be aware of that , mother . we pan to the field just as joshua swing and hit a grounder between first and second - joshuan mother run ! run ! run! right field the ball continue into right field , where little timmy , not e ba gh major league material , let it roll between he leg , turn and kick it a few time before finally pick it up and launching a anemic throw toward the infield , to the chorus of - teammate throw it ! throw the ball ! throw it ! infield the ball be retrieve by the first baseman , who hurl it to the shortstop cover second , but joshua be already stand happily on top of the bag . the pitcher be furious , yell out to timmy - pitcher all you get to do be pick it up and throw it ! you be such a spaz ! coach ( 0.s. ) hey , none of that ! we pan to see the coach stand in front of the bench of the team in the field - coach I will handle the coach , here ! pitcher do we have to have he out there ? coach just get back on the mound , mister . the pitcher kick the dirt and return to the mound , as the coach turn angrily to timmy - coach keep you head down on that grounder and throw ahead of the runner ! you be out there pickin daisy ! bleacher timmy 's father put he head in he hand , humiliate - with joshua' mother he get a double ! 'o benjamin ( still read ) a single and a error . pitcher 's father that kid in right could not catch a cold in flu season . joshua' mother come on , eli , bring he in ! right field timmy dejectedly walk back to he position . a large shadow sweep over he - parking lot - yappy dog yappy Dog be yapping , yapping , then sense something above '' and freeze , look up . he start to whimper - bleacher Little Rebecca be look up into the sky , fascinate - joshua' mother good eye , eli ! Way to look ! rebecca ( point ) look , mommy , birdy - joshua' mother ( not look up ) this be you pitch now ! get some aluminum on it ! rebecca birdy , mommy , birdy - joshua' mother ( still not look ) that 's nice , honey . 'o field the pitch - clink ! eli lift a very high pop - up into - oh no - right field ! bleacher timmy n's father get under it son ! you get it timmy ! joshua' mother Drop it ! Drop it ! Drop it ! right field timmy unsteadily wobble under the pop-up , everyone on and off the field shout instruction at he - sky - baseball the baseball keep rise , rise - fwoosh ! a huge black pterosaur swoops out of the height and snatch the ball in its razor- toothe bill , then wing away with powerful stroke ! timmy frozen in amazement , glove still ready for the ball that will not be come down for he to drop - bleacher the spectator be stunne speechless , gape up at the sky . Little Rebecca giggle - rebecca Big birdy ! picnic area the barbecue dad stand freeze with a half - do steak suspend on he fork , try to make sense of what he just see - '' '' barbecue dad what the - fwap ! another pterosaur swoops down from behind and snatch the steak off he fork ! barbecue dad hey ! bleacher we shoot from behind the bleacher toward the field and the sky above it . a black shape take form , wing in over the fence in center field - reverse the spectator be stand up , concerned - joshua' mother ( point ) look ! up in the sky ! it 's a- a - benjamin ( interested now ) it 's some sort of pterosaur , mother . joshua' mother it's coming at US ! joshua 's mother grab little Rebecca and duck with all the spectator as the pterosaur buzze the bleacher , squawking with menace ! only the video enthusiast and Benjamin remain stand - benjamin there 's a whole flock of they , though ' flock 's might not be the right word - joshua 's mother grab he arm and yank he down , turn scream to the field - joshua' mother joshua , run ! run ! @ field tt lock like a wwi cogfight over the infield , a half - dozen pterosaurs wheeling and swoop , squawking hellaciously , the little leaguer scramble in all direction - joshua joshua begin to run down the basepath towards third , a pterosaur flap after he . as he round third the beast make a lunge , narrowly miss the boy with its talon . joshua sprint toward home plate and he mother in the bleacher beyond , the pterosaur wheeling and pursue - joshua' mother stand with she daughter in arm now , scream out - joshua 's mother run , joshua , run ! slide ! joshua just as the pterosaur make another snatch for he joshua slide under its grasp and across home plate ! the pterosaur streak past , busting partially through the nylon mesh of the backstop , squawking and struggle as it become entangle - parking lot - aerial shot we swoop down from above at the no longer yapping yappy Dog - dog the dog whimper , take a hard run - thoonk ! and pull the stake clear out of the ground , scamper away with it trail he till - fwack ! the swoop pterosaur scoops it up and swallow it , flap away with the leash and stake dangle from its bill ! picnic area family member run every whichway as they be dive - bomb by pterosaurs -— A. pterosaur crouch on a blanket on the ground , wolfing down the abandon picnic food - barbecue dad fend one fly menace eff with he long fork , then dive under a picnic table for refuge - field General panic on the field . the pitcher have be stand petrify on the mound throughout , too scared to run or even lie down - his Father be start out to he from the sideline , much impede by swoop , squawking pterosaurs - pitcher 's father just stay right there , Alex ! I be come for you ! but a pterosaur do a stuka-dive over the backstop and fwap ! grab the boy by the shoulder , lift he away - pitcher' father no !!! the fly beast flap hard , try to get some altitude , lug the pitcher only a few foot off the ground as it head straight toward timmy in right field ! timmy 's Father be run out toward he , aluminum baseball bat in hand - timmy ‘s father grab he , timmy ! grab he ! timmy timmy pull he glove off , estimate , then jump just as the pterosaur be start to lift off , grab the pitcher 's leg with both arm ! the extra weight pull the beast down close enough to the ground that whap ! whap ! whap ! timmy 's father can start whomping it with the bat . the pterosaur let the pitcher go , he and timmy tumble to the ground , then flap away croaking a distress call - the pitcher 's father and timmy 's father help the boy up - timmy ‘s father Nice grab , son . Way to use you head . 'o the video enthusiast step past they , point he camera to the sky - video enthusiast I think they be leave ! we pan to see what he 's taping - a phalanx of ptercsaurs wing away together - infield we track through freak - out Little leaguer and they freak - out parent , try to comfort they , till we reach home plate where joshua 's mother be on she knee hugging joshua as little Rebecca and Benjamin stand by - joshua' mother oh , joshua , that be wonderful ! you be so brave ! benjamin he do not touch third . she give she bookworm son a wither look - joshua' mother this be the last baseball game I take you to , young man . benjamin ( prighten ) promise ? backstop the thoroughly enmesh pterosaur catch in the backstop netting scream in frustration — int . beach bar - day - cu television screen we start on a tv news image of the struggle pterosaur , wrap . in cut - away backstop netting and with a plastic restraint hold its bill shut , be carefully carry past shell - shocked little leaguer and parent by a pair of black - uniform swat team member - tv newswoman ( v.o. ) the attack , the first occur within U.S. territory , leave several people badly shake but result in no serious injury . @ e @ we switch to hand - hold home video footage shot by the enthusiast at the game - swoop pterosaur , scream human - tv newswoman ( v.o. ) similar incident have plague community in Central America and Mexico in recent month , lead to the formation of a United Nations task force to exterminate the intrusive pterosaur . we switch to more professional footage of a pair of little compsognathus float on a natural raft of coconut shell and other debris on the ocean - tv newswoman ( v.o. ) this and a few other formerly extinct species have migrate to the mainland - tv image - a aerial shot of isla nublar - tv newswoman ( v.o. ) - from isla nublar , site of the notorious jurassic Park disaster - tv image - a dusty street in a central american town . a flock of scrawny chicken run underfoot in a panic , pedestrian jump onto car as a small band of compsognathus dart around after the chicken . a big hen go down , feather fly as the compy dive onto it - tv newswoman ( v.o. ) ~ cause untold damage to crop and livestock . wilhelm speiler - a business - suite corporate flak -catcher , speiler , appear on screen stand before a large corporate logo - tv newswoman ( v.o. ) - spokesman for grendel Corporation , the swiss firm now responsible for the island , have this to say - speiler ( tv ) ( slight swiss accent ) we eradication of the genetically engineered creature at the former jurassic Park be nearly complete . we believe that this current depredation - reverse - nick nick harris , a currently unemployed scldier of fortune , watch the tv sceptically as he stand at the counter of a beachfront bar - speiler ( tv ) - can be attribute to animal that escape the island before we at grendel take possession of it . Harris push aside he empty whiskey glass and step away - — nick right , buddy - speiler ( v.o. ) we can only regret that we be not give the opportunity to respond to this situation earlier . ext . beachfront bar / boardwalk - day Harris squint as the sun hit he . he have a day - old stubble on he face and the air of a man who 's unhappily kill time . we track with he as he move down the boardwalk past various beach type . a shadow drift over he . he look up - Pov - sky swoop low overhead be two , no , three -- pelican . similar outline but without the size and the tooth - overton ( 0.s. ) Nick ? boardwalk jeb overton , wear a quasi-military uniform , approach Nick with a halting gait - overton it 's you , right ? Nick look he over , smile slightly - nick Captain overton . ll. overton ( embarrassed ) I look more like Captain crunch in this outfit . I have not see you since -- he do not finish the sentence . the place they last see each other be not one either wish to reminisce about - nick yeah . overton have you hear from any of the guy ? nick have not be in the loop for a while . overton wilken drive he car off a cliff . destefano - - well , peacetime be rough for a lot of people . nick how bout you ? overton oh , I be the bionic security guard . he hitches up he pants slightly to reveal he ankle - chromium prosthetics . both leg be artificial below the knee - overton State of the art . I be in charge of the lock - up over at the aviary - he indicate the large hummingbird patch on the breast pocket of he uniform - overton - this , like , giant zoo for bird - nick I always say you be for the bird . overton ( grin ) listen , be you still - consulting ? e 12 . nick ( grim ) have not have a contract in three year . overton but if there be one , good money , a little travel , a little adventure - nick you have be look for I . overton more or less . Harris look out over the beach . lot of people have fun - nick it 's not exactly a step - stone to bigger and better thing , what we do , be it ? he sigh , resign - nick who 's it for ? overton well - he 's kind of strange - ext . aviary - day - emu a emu face we in threat posture , the big , flightless bird make a deep thumping noise as it vibrate its massive chest - JOHN hammond ( 0.s. ) they can get rather territorial in captivity . reverse Nick and JOHN hammond stroll down a pathway through a section of high grass in the aviary . High above they be a dome ceiling of net , all around be outcropping of foliage and busy bird . a sturdy nurse follow they several yard behind - JOHN hammond of course it do not put I in the best of mood , either . nick you be not in captivity . é '' hemmond shoot a quick lock back to the nurse - JOHN hammond you just can not see the chain . my late heir manage to get I declare incompetent , my minder be bribe to spy upon I for my enemy - nick you have enemy ? JOHN hammond do you know that I be the most - sue person in the history of the world ? it 's in the guinness Book , you could look it up . prominent law school devote entire semester to my malfeasance , regulatory statute bear my name - not the legacy I have in mind when I start out , but a legacy nonetheless . they pass some beautiful roseate spoonbills wading through a shallow pond - JOHN hammond we look back at we life and we try to tally up the thing we be proud of against the regret -- do you have regret , Mr. Harris ? nick ( nod ) more than a few . JOHN hammond at the moment , my great regret , other than have spawn the career of thousand of tort lawyer , be have put a evil into the world that may become permanent - a evil that must be eliminate before it spiral out of control . nick you dinosaur . JOHN hammond ( smile ) yes . my dinosaur . how much do you know about they ? 14 . nick ( shrug ) most of they have be wipe out . a couple species have be make a nuisance of themselves - JOHN hammond whenever a new organism , especially a predator with no natural enemy , be introduce into a ecosystem , the result be disastrous . nick pest control be not in my line - JOHN hammond I be not propose you run about with a butterfly net , Mr. Harris . the most effective weapon against any species be its own behavior - particularly its reproductive behavior . take a population of any wild animal and introduce a number of highly aggressive but reproductively - neuter individual within it - a ' juda strain 's , so to speak - nick cut down on the birth rate . JOHN hammond who better to locate we errant creature than they almost identical kin - nick why not give they disease , too ? JOHN hammond viruse mutate faster than lawsuit , I be afraid . too much risk they would begin to affect other species . but a large influx of young , aggressive , sterile but sexually attractive female - nick sound like a college boy 's dream - JOHN hammond and the only solution , I believe , to we present crisis . 15 . @ nick sound good to I . JOHN hammond but not to the United Nations . they nve laugh off my proposal , outlaw not only the creation of any new dinosaur , sterile or not , but also prohibit the world - wide mining , sale or possession of amber - nick no little mosquito trap in tree sap - JOHN hammond - mean no basic genetic material to work with . nick but even if you have this gene , you could not - JOHN hammond among the people on the board of this aviary , fund through a trust I set up before my legal difficulty begin , be some of the finest genetic scientist in the world . people who would be happy to risk implement my plan - if a source of the vital DNA could be @ locate . nick something tell I you have find one . JOHN hammond I do not find it , I leave it behind . a former employee of mine , a Mr. nedry - int . jurassic park laboratory - flashback we see nedry open a safety vault disguise as a aerosol can and stick pilfere tube of dinosaur embryo into it - 2 e 16 . JOHN hammond ( v.c . ) - at the behest of one of m , more unscrupulous competitor , conspire to steal a large quantity of genetic material , enough to engender at least forty species , from we laboratory at the Park . it be he misfortune , however - ext . road - isla nublar - rainy night - flashback nedry 's vehicle slide out of control in the torrential downpour , leave the road and come to rest , stick in the muck - JOHN hammond ( v.o. ) - to attempt this clandestine transaction during a- a period a severe technical malfunction at the facility . ext . jungle - night - flashback nedry face off with a large , curious chlamydosaurus sputori ( ' spitting frill lizard 's or ' spitter 's ) . its frill pop up and it hawk a throatful of nasty black stuff into nedry 's face - JOHN hammond ( v.o. ) we be force to abandon the island before he exact fate - nedry run back into he vehicle , but the spitter leap in after he . thrash , blood - JOHN hammond ( v.o. ) - or that of the material he have steal could be determine . we pan to the abandon aerosol can , sweep away by a rivulet of rainwater and quickly cover with muck - ext . aviary - day - present songbird flit about in the branch all around they as they approach the rustic-built snack bar - nick but the people who take over the island - 'o JOHN hammond grendel International . if they have find it they would not be constantly pressure I to reveal its whereabouts . I have good reason to believe they might be the people who engage nedry in he betrayal . nick why would they want dinosaur gene ? JOHN hammond I shudder to think . hammond look over the menu hang above the snack bar counter - — JOHN hammond Major overton tell I you be a expert in covert operation . nick I be train as a navy seal . I have be involved in - mission , in and out of uniform . JOHN hammond we know the sector nedry be in when he disappear . the steal material seem to have be hide in a aerosol can of some sort - nick deodorant . JOHN hammond give the state of nedry 's personal hygiene , I doubt it . we can provide you with a map - nick there be not any dinosaur leave on the island ? JOHN hammond grendel International claim to have - restore equilibrium . they maintain a small security force there to discourage trespasper - nick so I go there and I steal this - 17 . e JOHN hammond reclaim - nick I bring this can of DNA back to you . cohn hammond Captain overton will be you contact . hammond scribbles a number on a snack bar order pad , flash it to Nick , all the time wary of the approach nurse . we see lot of zero - JOHN hammond you will be amply reward for you risk , of course , with a generous bonus if you succeed . so ? Nick consider , nod , resign - nick I have do worse for less . JOHN hammond ( beam ) excellent ! now - would you care for a sundae ? ext . isla nublar - day we start with a aerial shot of isla nublar in the distance across the water , then tilt down to see a small local fishing boat in the fg - fishing boat overton be there , check a gps instrument , as the boat 's owner , ramirez , deal with a net throw over the side face the island - overton this be the legal limit . there 's a couple patrol boat we will hear from if we drift any closer . we pan to see Nick , sit on the deck beside the cabin ( which block he from view from the island ) and pull on the last of he black scuba gear - e 19 . nick give I ten minute and then pull cut . you sure about this pilot ? overton they be use to see he plane around the coast . eco-tour . Nick nod and push a camouflage raft full of supplies overboard , clipping a nylon line attach to it to the back of he belt . ramirez come over to watch as Nick lower he mask and sit backwards en the gunwale - ramirez buena suerte , senor . Nick nod , fall backward into the water and disappear . they watch the raft begin to pull away . ramirez cross himself - ramirez que dios le proteja . ext . beach - isla nublar the beach look invite - gentle wave , strip of white sand , a fringe of palm tree , little crab scuttling among the fall coconut . suddenly Nick sit up in the surf , quickly pull off he flipper and mask and hustling across the sand to the shelter of the palm , drag the supply raft behind he - palm very precise , very Mission impossible , Nick strip off the wet suit , open the raft supply compartment . boot on , backpack , gps unit and laminated map on a lanyard over he neck , then the weapon - automatic combat shotgun , small pack rifle with silencer , .50 - caliber pistol in one holster and cell phone in the other - Nick crouch , stick a homing device , as yet unarm , into the sand at the edge of the tree-line . he trot off into the jungle - ext . jungle - path - day Nick move quickly down a extremely overgrown pathway , pass oddly - cant lamp post and tear , rusted section of metal fencing . 20 . this use to be the tourist track through the park . he stop abruptly , listen - the usual tarzan - movie jungle sound , nothing you could not hear on vacation . he check he gps , then trot away . we hold , then tilt up the nearby lamp post to see a surveillance camera mount near the top , swivelling to follow Nick 's movement - jungle we shoot from ground level as Nick approach from some distance , vaulting over a hole at the base of a gnarly - roote tree . we hold on the hole for a moment . a large , black , four - finger reptile hand emerge , claw grip the earth ! clearing Nick be off the pathway now , move through thick jungle till he reach a small clearing . he check he map and gps . he see something , climb a slight rise , push away some tall weed . a abandon , rusted - out 4 - wheel - drive vehicle . Nick yank a tear flap of canvas away to reveal - nedry 's skeleton ! bony finger still clutching the steering wheel . a SMALL lizard scuttle out through one of the eye socket in the skull - nick ( regard skeleton ) look like you have drop a few pound . he rapidly search the interior of the vehicle - seat , floor , glove compartment - nothing but a flashlight and a lot of old candy wrappers . he step away , surveying the ground around he - backpack the backpack thump to the ground . Nick upzip it and pull out piece of a disassembled metal detector . a animal scream from back in the tree - Nick listen . quiet again . he glance at he watch , begin to assemble the metal detector - ground - later we see the metal detector disc sweeping over the ground - wider Nick , T-shirt soak through with sweat , have set up a grid with wooden stake and string . he be work a section several yard down from the vehicle , at the edge of a shallow little stream . he pause , wipe sweat off he forehead . on a whim he reach the detector arm over the string and pass the disc over a little mud-bar in the center of the stream . the machine crackle . Nick drop the detector and jump into the stream , digging furiously at the mud-bar with he hand . he stop , feel something , then pull up - -a muck - cover barbasol can ! Nick kneel , wash the can off in the stream , then pull out he cell phone and punch a number - nick yo. objective secure . proceed with extraction . I all fire up the homer . he pull a remote control from he vest , push in a red button - ext . beach - homing device a blinking red light flick on , the device beeping softly - ext . jungle - day Nick move quickly but cautiously through thick jungle , pass by a few of the big root -hole . he slow , frown , listen - a rustle behind he . a SNAP to the side . he start up again , very slowly . again the rustle in the brush around he . him bring the shotgun up , crouching - jefe ( 0.s . ) ! bajelo ! Nick freeze , turn he head - 22 . 4 @ out of the tree all arounij he appear a squad of six security rangers in camo uniform , armed with short - barrel automatic rifle . the jefe wave he rifle at Nick - jefe deje caer las arma y pdéngase al suelo . segundo he want you to drop you weapon and lie on the ground . jefe no tenga miedo , nomad queremo la lata . segundo do not be afraid . we only want the can . you escopeta , por favor , put it on the ground . nick Nick take a deep breath , calculate , look around at the man surround he . he see something - 'o segundo be very good we find you before the dinosaur do . rangers , nick we shoot from behind the jefe and segundo toward Nick - nick I be tell there be not any leave on the island . segundo ( smile ) oh , there 's a few - nick like the one stand behind you ? segundo e@ we shoot the segundo in profile as he laugh - ww e '' 23. segundo that will not work my friend . the one leave here only come out in the night - chomp ! a raptcr 's head lunge into the shot , jaw clamping on segundo 's neck and shoulder ! he scream -— wider another raptor pop up from the hole next to the jefe . the ranger start to FIRE they weapon , as another and another and another jet-black , ruby - eye excavaraptor ( ' digging killer 's or just digger ) pop up from the hole - the man have be stand in the middle of a colony of they ! ( this creature be bow-legge , with huge , mole - like digging claw at the end of they powerful forelimb . ) bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap ! the ranger have they rifle on spray and pray as they panic and scatter , the jefe pin under one of the beast 's powerful leg ! Nick dart past the segundo as the digger lift the man off he foot and shake he . automatic gunfire rip into the tree around Nick as he dodge through the thick undergrowth , a pair of the monster pursue he - nick Nick zigzag between tree trunk , hurdle root and fall log while the bigger digger crash straight through , slowed by the foliage . we hear scream and gunfire from behind , grow more distant . Nick get hang up on a prickler vine for a moment , the lead digger gain - Nick twist and blam ! blam ! blast the creature in the face and neck as it rush in for the kill ! the digger stagger , fall to one knee as Nick tear free and sprint away . we hold as the second raptor reach its wounded comrade , pause , roar and then continue the chase - clearing Nick stagger , bleed from the pricker vine , into a overgrown clearing . he lean he back against the grill of a abandon service vehicle , fade ' jurassic Park 's logo on its side . he catch he breath , listen , quickly reloading he shotgun — 'o '' 24 . a pointy little lizard - face pop up behind he , look out through the shattered windshield of the vehicle . compsognathus . it be join by another , and another and several more . ccne squeak . Nick stiffen , then whirl - blam ! he fire just as a dozen of the little carnivore stream out of the window at he , the one that be not blow back into the vehicle by the blast leaping onto he face , shoulder , chest , arm , squeaking excitedly ! Nick spin , swatting and snatching , compy fly off he , then sprint for the nearby build . we hold on he abandon shotgun lie on the ground - int . build we shoot through a half - break window as Nick sprint toward we , a dozen compys in pursuit . he pick up speed , dive , fold he arm over he head - crash ! shard of glass go fly as he dive through the window , do a forward roll , twist and come up on one knee pull he pistol from he holster in one motion - pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! he pick off the compy one by one as they jump onto the windowsill ! the rest of they seem to take the hint . Nick lower he bead on the window open , look around - we be in a dusty staff barracks - a half - dozen bunk beds , frame drape with cobweb along the wall , footlocker , a old boombox , a coffeemaker in one corner by a row of stand locker . simple but not spartan . a poster of a tyrranosaurus be start to curl on the wall . someone have draw a knife and a fork in its front claw , and write in a cartoon balloon above its head - '' pass the tourist , please . '' Nick pull the laminate map off he neck , study it - nick ( read ) staff quarter one , two and Three - -- utility tunnel - ecu map we follow Nick 's finger over the detailed diagram of the old Park , dotted line indicate a utility tunnel that lead from the staff barrack to a power station near the south fence - 25 . nick ( 0.s. ) - lead to the power station - nick nick - which be only two hundred yard from the beach . Nick look around , step over to a hatch in one corner of the room . he bend , grab the handle , pistol ready in he other hand , then yank the hatch cover open ! nothing jump out at he . Nick look down into the blackness . he un -velcros a small but powerful flashlight from he belt , shine it down the hatch - Pov - hatch we see a rusted metal ladder lead down , a cement floor - nick Nick consider the tunnel , look back to the window - Three compy stand ready on the windowsill , watch - Nick whip he pistol around but they jump away before he can fire - he look back into the dark tunnel below - nick no way , josé . he look around , see -- a ceiling hatch over one of the bunk bed . Nick cross , make a face as he swipe away thick sheet of cobweb , climb onto the top bunk , reach up . the eyehook and latch have rusted stick together , they will not budge . Nick take the butt of he pistol , give it a hard rap - the hatch fall open and the top half of a half - eat dead man drop through ! '' @ 26 . Nick shout in surprise , leaping backwards off the bed and sprawling onto the flcor , whipping he pistol up ready to shoot - the body be a Security fanger who have be gnaw on pretty bad , maybe a week old . Nick lower he pistol , breathes deeply , try to get he heartbeat under control - wham ! the digger crash through the front door and tumble across the room , slide on the floor and knock the coffeemaker and stand locker down on top of itself ! Nick be trap in the corner . the digger scramble to its foot , roar , lunge - Nick pull the bunk bed down over himself as a shield , crouching - thoonk ! the raptor 's leg go right through the deteriorate mattress and spring , claw just miss Nick 's throat . he scramble out as the beast writhes to free itself , make it to the tunnel hatch and start down the ladder , grab the handle on the underside of the cover - ladder , nick's feet crack ! the rusted metal rung give way , snap , Nick fall but able to yank the hatch cover - thunk ! thump ! Nick hit the tunnel floor and the hatch cover fall shut , throw we into blackness . crang ! raptor claw punch through the hatch cover , then yank away , tear away the thin metal ! Three stripe *f daylight appear to illuminate Nick below , get to he foot . crang ! the raptor tear at the hatch cover again . Nick flick the flashlight back on , trot into the dark , high - ceiling tunnel ahead - ext . island coast - sky we see through the palm to a small pontoon plane approach over the sea - int . cockpit - control panel , homing screen a jerry - rig homing screen clipped to the control panel have a blinking red light line up with the central cross hair - 'o 27 . reverse - pilot the pilot , a hippie-look character in a deadhead shirt name darwin , scan the beach - darwin you be spose to be here , dude . beach we watch as the plane slow and come in for a water landing , tracking to meet it as it taxi up to the surfline . darwin cut the engine , hop out and into the water , wrestle the little plane around so it be point out to sea , muttering all the while - darwin this gig be gnarly enough without be late , man . Security guard , spy gear , probly some kind of psychoshuruse still run around the island - he run a line from a U - bolt under the tail assembly to a thick root stick up from a half - bury driftwood stump , glance at he watch - darwin I give you ten minute and then I be history . int . utility tunnel Nick be trot along the utility tunnel , pipe and wire overhead . so far , so good . he stop at a fork in the tunnel , shine the light on he map - nick there 's no fork on the damn map - hrrrrrrrrronk ! the roar of the digger echoes down the tunnel behind he . no time for eenie meenie minie moe . Nick run xright - crunch ! crunch ! crunch ! something underfoot - Nick swing the light down - egghhells . Big one . dozen of they , all over the floor - nick terrific . it 's the nursery - 'o 28. hrrrrronk ! another echoing roar send Nick run again . we hold and watch he trot away . something , in silhouette , drop from the pipe above and follows ! low -angle - nick trotting past we . as he light fade a pair of yellow reptile eye right in front of we pop OPEN ! nick we track behind Nick as he rush along . up ahead we can see a single shaft of sunlight angle down - the light at the end of the tunnel . closer , closer - Nick point the flashlight beam ahead to see - Three spitter stand between he and the exit ladder ! the one close hiss , its frill mantle pop up in display . Nick whirl around , shine the light - here come four more spitter and behind they hrrrrronk ! the digger close in ! Nick turn - pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! the spitter back up a bit but do not run as Nick open FIRE on they . he clenches the pistol in he mouth , jump - and grab onto the pipe above , swinging forward hand - to-hand , bring he knee up to he chest as the spitter jump and snap beneath he , tooth just inch away ! one of the spitter scramble up the exit ladder ahead , turn - blam ! blam ! Nick fire , hang by one arm for a moment . the spitter fall and Nick drop the pistol , swing forward and hook the top of the ladder with a foot - ext . park ground - back fence Nick crawl out of the tunnel open , run . a spitter pop up right behind he , look around - then be yanked back into the hatchway by its tail ! snarling , chomping noise , then the digger power its way out of the open , sniff once , and head after Nick - 'o 29 . fence Nick look at the twelve- foot-high fence above he , back at the charge raptor . he slip he backpack off , try to squeeze through a very narrow open that some short animal have tear at the base of the fence . he get hang up , squirm - and slip through just as wham ! the digger smashes into the fence headfirst try to grab he ! Nick spring to he foot , see that the backpack be just on the far side of the fence , the barbasol can visible in a webbing pocket . the digger start to dig furiously at the base of the fence , huge clod of dirt fly behind he . Nick run parallel to the fence , slapping it with he hand - nick come on you stupid lizard , come and get I ! come on , knucklehead ! the raptor leave he digging and begin to run parallel on the other side , catch up with Nick - nick that 's it , Einstein , follow the nice man - thattabo - Nick put on the brake as he see ahead - twenty yard further down a whole section of fence have fall - the raptor see it too . they look at each other - nick see you on the beach . Nick sprint back toward the original hole and he backpack . the raptor take a step after he , think , then turn to race for the open section - fence , backpack Nick race back , thrust he arm through the hole and grab the backpack , yank it through and run for the tree , pull the barbasol can free and discard the backpack - beach darwin be look at he watch - '' cs 30 . darwin well , you be just in time to be too late , my man . I be outta here - nick ( 0.s. ) hey ! we pan with darwin 's look to see Nick break out of the treeline onto the sand a couple hundred yard away , sprinting toward he - nick start it up ! darwin hurry out onto a pontoon and climb into the cockpit - darwin no problem , dude . he hit the ignition and the engine cough into action , the prop spin , pick up revs - darwin lift anchor and we be airborne - hrrrrronk ! he swivel to see the digger bust out of the tree , not more than thirty yard away ! nick Nick pull up short , the monster between he and the plane . he make a beeline for the water , call out - nick taxi out , I all swim to you ! digger the raptor take a look at Nick , already splash into the surf , then at the big , noisy thing at the water 's edge . it choose the easier prey , charge toward the plane , bellowing - plane , darwin darwin panic , jam the throttle forward - darwin ahhhhhhhhhhhhhgh ! e the plane blast forward , but the tide have rise and there 's a lot of slack in the line from the tail - driftwcod stump crack ! the line snap taut and yank the root it be tie to clear off from the stump ! plane the plane pick up speed , the big driftwood root skitter in its wake - closer - driftwood root the wood skip and splashes on the surface like a drop water-skieng handle . just as it hop past the camera there be a sudden rising in the water beside we - be that the crown of a enormous wedge - shape reptile head or be we just see thing ? we pan to see as the plane lift off - digger thigh deep in the surf , it bellows in frustration as the plane buzze away - nick Nick be swim out to sea for all he 's worth . he look back to shore - unless that thing can do the Australian crawl he 's make it . he tread water , wave to the sky - nick come back ! it 's all clear ! we pan to the sky , and yes , the plane be banking , turn , come back and drop toward the surface - nick easy , buddy , easy . no sweat now - — plane the plane steady , pontoon skim the water 's surface - 32 . driftwood root the hunk of wood skitter along again , till - whoosh ! chomp ! a kronosaurus , gigantic sea-monster that it be , shoot its eight - foot - long head up and snatch the trolling bait in its powerful jaw ! crack ! the line snap taut and rip the whole tail section of the plane off ! cockpit , darwin darwin instinctively yank back on the joystick , try to pull up - darwin whooooooah ! nick Nick watch , shocked , as the plane pull up but can not hold its yaw with the tail go . it spiral , head back straight at Nick , arcing toward the water - closer , closer - Nick take a breath and go under - underwater - nick Nick try to get deeper as the shape of the plane pass close overhead and we hear a muffled , watery crash ! surface Nick pop back up to the surface , look around - we pan to see the plane sit sideways in the water fifty yard away , chunks of wing tear off and already float . it settles upside - down , the pontoon still on the surface keep it afloat . a beat . darwin come up sputtering , haul himself onto one of the pontoon , and sit gasp for breath . he see Nick swim toward he , call - darwin hey , man , what happen ? 2 33. nick ( swim , call ) I just see you tail section come off . darwin ( shake he head ) it never do that before . you get a phone ? nick yeah . a wet one . darwin ( see ) hey - that security dude do not have like a- a submarine , do they ? we pan with he gaze -- something big and long be move fast , just under the water 's surface , straight at darwin on the wreck plane ! darwin darwin be stand now , back he toe away from the water - darwin Cause unless that 's flipper , I be - whoosh ! SNAP ! splash ! the kronosaurus break surface , snatch darwin in its jaw , half its enormous body clear water , then smacking down into the water and diving , a huge serrate fluke slapping the surface as it disappear ! nick Nick be stunne for a second , then look to the shore - the digger be stalking the beach , watch he . can not go back there - Nick begin to swim parallel to the shore , look around for sign of the sea monster . he hear the chop of a helicopter , look up - Pov - helicopter a gunship-style helicopter be racing across the water toward he , fly low over the water , a rescue ladder already be lower - 'o ‘eo nick Nick begin to swim toward it - aerial shot we look from above at Nick swim , then tilt to see the kronosaurus 's back and forehead break water as it surface to swim after he - surface on the first pass the ladder swing just out of Nick 's reach , go too fast . he see the kronosaurus now , raise its head as it streak toward he , open its jaw — the helicopter bank and hover - Nick grab the ladder ! he pull himself up a few foot , shout to the rescuer above he - nick take it up ! take it up ! kronosaurus we ride the back of the kronosaurus as it power toward Nick , who be still dangle temptingly only a few foot above the water 's surface . we look over its massive , barnacle , horn head as it lunge up - SNAP ! just miss the bottom of the ladder as the helicopter suddenly shoot up into the air ! int . helicopter we shoot out the side bay , see the kronosaurus and isla nublar recede in the distance . strong arm appear to drag Nick in . he lie back on the floor , chest heaving - — the man who lean over in he face be wear the same grendel Corporation Security Ranger uniform as the man on the island - nando I hope you have not forget we can , Mr. Harris . Nick raise he head slightly , tap he ear as if he can not hear - 'o '' 35 . nick sorry , can not hear you ! the helicopter noi - whap ! nando smashes he flush in the face . light out . darkness . silence . then , slowly , the sound of the helicopter fade back up , as well as the light - Nick be lie on the floor still , blood on he face . he open he eye slowly , blink - he see the barbasol can lie on nando 's lap just a arm 's reach away . nando be busy joke in Spanish with the pilot - Nick swivel he eye - he can see below out the side bay . they be cruise fairly low over the water , parallel to a thickly populate beach . lot of swimmer in the water - Nick check to see that he hand and leg be free , gather he strength - ext . beach overton stand among the beach blanket , run kid and sunbather , watch the horizon , worried . a little boy approach , sell shark - tooth necklace - chico sefior - équiere comprar un collar ? overton éhas visto un avidn ? we hear the helicopter approach . chico point up to it - chico aqui esta - overton mime a plane 's wing with he arm - overton no - un avién con ala - 36 . int . helicopter Nick take a couple deep breath , then lunge , grab the aerosol can from nando and roll - ext . helicopter - out the open bay ! ext . beach a gasp from the spectator on the beach as the man fall out of the helicopter and into the water forty foot below , then applause as he pop up to the surface and swim rapidly toward shore . they think it 's a stunt . the helicopter bank over the water and head back to cut he off - overton walk toward the shore , unsteady on the sand - Nick stand , struggle to get out of the water , hit the beach run through the delighted beach crowd till whoooom ! the chopper swoops down at he from behind , strut narrowly miss he head as he dive for the ground , rotor blasting sand at the now terrify people ! Nick be up run again , aerosol can in hand , shouting to overton as he sprint past he - nick ask for a cold one at rodrigo 's ! overton turn and watch Nick duck into the cover of the lunch palapas and fry - everything stand at the back edge of the beach , the building of the resort town rise behind they . the helicopter hover above , turn this way and that like a indecisive hummingbird - ext . alleyway helicopter SOUND from above as Nick hustle down a back alley , hugging the wall to stay out of sight from the sky . he dart across the alley and in through the back door of a cafe - 37 . int . kitchen - rodrigo ' S a old man sit at a small table shuck oyster . he barely lock up as Nick enter , cross to check out the action in the bar , then turn to look around the kitchen - cooler a ancient coca cola cooler buzze in one corner . Nick move to it , lift the lid , and set the barbasol can in the midst of dozen of bottle of Beer . he turn to the Old man - nick voy a enviar alguien para recuperarlo . ( I all send somebody to get this . ) the Old man shrug and keep on shuck . Nick look up as the helicopter SOUND grow louder - ext . STREET - late day a vendor push he cart down a back street , hawk popsicle - vendor paletas ! muy frescos , muy rico ! aqui tengo las paleta ! he pass and we see Nick , look pretty beat up , stand back in a doorway . he be check out the little HOTEL delphin across the street as he speak softly on a cell phone - nick just do what we agree on before . I will contact you when I be in the clear . ext . STREET - rodrigo 's bar overton stand at the pay phone across the street from a bar call rodrigo 's. Beyond he we see thug wear sunglass cruise up and down the street , on the lookout for Nick - overton it 's very hot right now . keep you head down . ext . STREET Nick on he cell phone - nick I ' 1ll do my best . Nick click the cell phone off , pocket it . he consider the hotel , decide it be worth a try , limp across toward it - int . HOTEL lobby the desk clerk be read a comic book . he do not look up when Nick limp in - nick joven - éha sido alguien buscaéndome ? é esperdndome en el cuarto ? desk clerk no , Mr. Harris - nobody be lookin for you . Nick consider , reach to take he key from its cubbyhole - corridor Nick limp towards we down the corridor . he turn the key , open the door -- nando stand there with a different aerosol can in he hand , point at Nick 's face . Nick be too exhaust to run - nick what 's that suppose to be ? ssssssst ! nando hit the button and spray Nick in the face . light out again . darkness . silence but this time as the light begin to fade up it be with the sound of yodelling - @ e 39 . int . tower bedroom - nick - evening Nick wake in a cozy- look bed in a round , stone - wall room . he look around , confuse - yodell ? he sit up , barefoot , wear clean pants and a T-shirt . he stand , steady himself , a little woozy - then cross immediately to the thick oaken door , try it -- lock . he cross to the opposite side of the room and stick he head out a tall , rectangular open - ext . tower - evening we see Nick 's head pop out through the window of a stone tower at one corner of a medieval castle on a mountainside in the swiss alp . he look right - on the opposite parapet be two yodeler in archaic lederhosen and plume hat , give they tonsils a workout for a crowd of tourist stand down on the other side of the moat . the Yodeler finish , the tourist applaud enthusiastically , and Nick duck he head back in - int . tower nick I '' a prisoner in a theme park . he look around -- he suitcase be open on a stand , he jacket hang in a armoire . heraldic banner hang on the wall . there be a tv set and remote control . he pick up the remote , flick the set on , begin to surf - french -speak channel , german -speak channel , Spanish , italian - we be definitely in Europe here . he settles on a channel play a nature documentary about the dinosaur pest , the narrator with a plummy british accent - narrator ( tv ) compsognathus rarely exceed a full - grow pheasant in size - tv screen we see a trio of compys make foray in to bite at a cornere , hiss raccoon - @ '' 40 . narrator ( tv ) - but though diminutive be extremely aggressive . nick nick no kid . he flick the tv off . a booming knock at the door - nick ( call ) it 's lock ! a key fumble , then the door open to reveal a butler dress in livery . he have a slight swiss accent - butler they be ready for you downstairs , Mr. Harris . the butler step away without close the door . Nick consider - int . great hall Nick , fully - dress now , come down a stone staircase that basil rathbone should be swordfight on , to see - adrien joyce , a man only slightly older than Nick and very fit , swinging a halberd around in a elaborate martial - art display , thrust , parry , chopping , slice -- thoroughly enjoy himself till he see that Nick have enter . he freeze in a backsw , smile - joyce it 's not only for ceremony , you know . the halberd . the swiss Guards who protect the Pope at the vatican could do a good deal of damage with this - of course they nve also get a automatic pistol somewhere under that crazy uniform - nick maybe you should apply for a job . Joyce cross to hang the halberd over the enormous fireplace - 'o 41 . joyce I have not see you since , what - ? nick tegucigalpa . I help get you kick out of the country . joyce to be deport from hondure - what horror must I have perpetrate ? nick selling gun to the wrong people , as I recall . joyce but they be the right people when I begin the transaction . the political sand be ever-shift - he indicate the very huge great hall around they - joyce something the swiss understand better than anyone . this castle be build in the late fifteenth century by a local warlord and self - style baron seek to isolate himself from the endless armed conflict of Europe , and , if possible , to profit from they . Joyce indicate a huge tapestry hang on the wall , portray a bloody battle with horse , lance , sword , shield and plenty of dead foot soldier littering the battlefield - joyce he hire man and train they to fight , sell - I should say rent - they service to whomever put cash on the barrelhead . Security force , invasion , siege - the swiss mercenary be a force to be reckone with . my employer , the current Baron von drax , be principal stockholder and ceo of the grendel International Corporation . nick you make a hell of a tour guide , Joyce . what do you want with I ? * joyce you have something that belong to we . nick I lose it in the ocean . joyce we will match hammond 's offer . nick I make my deal with he . joyce ( concerned ) but you have not deliver it , have you ? Nick make a quick assessment of he situation - nick it 's - it 's somewhere safe . joyce ( smile ) I be happy to hear that , e Nick . Joyce cross to Nick - joyce I do apologize for the abrupt nature of you transportation here , but the sensitive nature of the material in question - nick like that it 's illegal - a edge of menace enter Joyce 's tone - joyce there be some consideration give to torture the whereabouts out of you . I suggest that , give you history , this would be counterproductive. ( smile ) besides , we want you to work for we . 42 . int . passageway electric lamp on old torch sconce light the way as Joyce lead Nick down a narrow passageway on another stone staircase - joyce grendel plan to use the material from jurassic Park in much the same way as that envision by yceur Mr. hammond - nick the United Nations - joyce when the infestation of creature begin to seriously inconvenience the first World , the United Nations will snap to attention . previously reject solution , drastic as they may seem , will be reconsider - solution we no be able to offer . nick for a price . joyce naturally . and then there 's a related project , the one we hope you will become involved in - Nick slow as he hear a massive pounding ahead , like a pile - driver rhythmically destroy a paved parking lot - nick remodelling ? joyce ( smile ) that 's what we tell the tourist . he unlatch a dungeon door in front of they , and they step into - int . dungeon they stand on the entry platform above a well - light stone dungeon , a few old chain still bolt to the wall for effect . CO ? 44 . below they , nearly fill the room , be a heavily - plate ankylosaurus , repeatedly thrashing the bowl - ball -size bone protuberance at the end of its massive tail as a cudgel , knock dent into the wall and send rock - dust fly ! nick , joyce Joyce try to fit he word in between the rhythmic wham ! of the ankylosaurus 's assault - joyce a souvenir from we clean - up effort on isla nubla . we raise it from a egg - sherman from a embryo , to be precise . sherman have appear behind they . he be a young genetics whiz and sorely lack in ' people skill '- joyce Nick , this be we chief of apply genetics , sherman fosdick - sherman ( plow through ) like the embryos you steal from we . ( point to ankylosaurus ) maybe we should put he down with she for awhile - joyce be polite , sherman . we have not even have dinner yet . Joyce lead Nick away , whisper as they go - joyce too much dungeon and dragon , not enough socialize with the other child - nick why bother have that thing if you be go to keep it shut up in a dungeon ? joyce oh - one never know when a ankylosaurus might come in handy . they have reach another metal- reinforce door . this one , however , open with a swipe of Joyce 's id card - ‘oe ( e@ ( @ be a joyce come see the new wing - int . laboratory chamber Nick and Joyce step into something out of a James bond movie ~ - a cavern hollow out in the core of the mountain beneath the castle , metal stair lead down into a maze of brightly - light biological - testing lab - joyce the castle sit on a enormous cavern in the mountain . the original Baron keep he wine down here . we have expand a bit - they start down the stair - nick the corporation pay for all this ? joyce we have several product that be do very well at the moment - a insect-resistant rye grain , super - strain of hop and barley - and of course we be the first in Europe to market pre-slice cheese . dairy be very important here in Switzerland - rrrrrraaaaaaaaaaargh ! a chill roar echoe throughout the chamber — nick one of you cow ? int . raptor enclosure - X -1 ( spartacus ) a 8ft-tall deinonychus trot in circle , slam itself against the I - beam that enclose it , roar , and generally throw a fit in a bull- ring - size enclosure . spray-paint in day - glo orange on its side be ' X - 1 ' , and attach to one side of its head , just above the ear-hole , be a regulator BOX about the size of a cell phone - 46 . int . cbservation room a woman in a lab coat with the ubiquitous grendel International logo on the pocket stand watch the beast and write on a chart . this be maya lundberg . several tv screen be mount on the wall above she , provide various angle of the beast 's activity , while the panel in front of she sport a half - dozen vital function monitor of the eeg , mri and heart - rate sort . she dcesn not look up from she work - joyce this be X - 1 , we alpha male - not in the best of mood at the moment . maya if you keep they in captivity you nve get to accept a certain amount of neurotic behavior . joyce train , not captivity , please - maya whatever - joyce Maya lundberg , we head of Behavioral modification . meet Mr. Harris - this get Maya 's attention . she turn to check Nick out - maya the trespasser ? joyce ( to Nick ) we all follow you progress on the island . sort of like a episode of survivor - Nick step up to the window and look in at the raging beast - — nick so this be what , like a mid-size tyrranosaurus ? maya deinonychus . ' terrible claw 's in Latin . ' 6 47 . sherman ( rejoining they ) deinonychus draxi . it 's a sub-species . sherman check a timer , look at the panel instrument - sherman wow - look at that adrenaline - maya ( concerned and annoyed ) would you shut he down ? he 's go to hurt himself . sherman X - 1 be too cagey to hurt himself , no matter how much we pump he up - sherman step up to a radio transmitter , punch the timer , turn a dial - sherman call out when the reticular formation go blue - Maya be watch a brain scan image which be rapidly change from red to cooler color - the deinonychus begin to stagger a bit , appear confuse - sherman ( excited ) look at that ! and I be only restricting acetylcholine - maya do not make he fall over again , his rib - sherman ( dial ) come on , baby , nice soft landing - the deinonychus lower itself into a crouch , partly support itself with its short front leg , breathe heavily and stare somewhat glassily into space . Nick be amaze - joyce we have place a few strategic implant to let we control its hormone by radio signal - ‘oe 48. sherman not hormone , neuropeptide - maya right now it 's experience something like acute chronic fatigue syndrome . before you come in the part of its gray matter control rage and aggressive behavior be stimulate . joyce you remember the cockfight in honduras ? when a rooster get mad , blood flow into its comb , respond to the adrenaline . but if the handler put the comb in he mouth and suck blood into it - the rooster get mad before he even see he opponent . sherman fortunately for we , reptile have a very compartmentalize brain , just like chicken . we do not get much spillover when we want to induce a specific emotion . nick for what purpose ? Maya and sherman look to Joyce - - it 's not they place to give out this information - joyce let 's leave that for tomorrow . you must be exhaust - you will travel all the way from the jurassic era to the 21st century . Maya step forward and take he hand - maya Mr. Harris - I look forward to work with you . Joyce take a last look in at the pacify X - 1 - 'o 2 49 . nick Nick surreptitiously glance down at he hand . Maya have palm a tear corner of she behavior chart into it , on which she have write - do not give they the embryos ! joyce ( 0.s. ) you kind of wonder what he 's think , do not you ? nick Nick and Maya exchange a quick look , then Nick turn to look at the dinosaur . X - 1 seem to focus for a moment , meeting he eye - nick he 's wonder which one of we he should eat first . fade to black . ext . mountain pass a land rover with a open observation port cut in the roof glide over a spectacular mountain pass - int . land rover Nick and Joyce sit on the bench seat in the rear as kroner , Joyce 's unctuous aide de camp , drive - joyce we have we own valley to work in , and be the principal employer in the canton afford its own protection . the swiss , as the world know , be quite capable of keep a secret . they roll past a security checkpoint , wave through by the guard - joyce the west road , kroner . 50 . @ kroner absolutely , Colonel . nick Colonel ? joyce ( shrug ) something the boy in Africa use to call I . Joyce stand to look out from the port , Nick follow - ext . mountain valley - training facility several bunker - like building and large cage enclosure be cluster in the bowl of the little valley . they pull up beside a long cement chute with a steel - mesh roof that extend out of the side of the mountain - sherman and Maya be wait in a cut - away humvee with a dashboard fill with the kind of monitor and control we see in the underground observation room . around they in various pursuit vehicle be the training staff -- a dozen eo hard - look mercenary with a array of long - handle '' electric prods , wick - look restraint and heavy duty weapon -— joyce ( call over ) have the objective be set up ? sherman we nre ready to rip . joyce let 's bring they out , then . Nick realize what 's go on - nick whooah , now , you be not go to let - joyce I assure you , they be totally under control . and stand in the open , stand several yard away from the @ a deinonychus , and then another , trot out through the chute human , watch they warily . 51 . e both have regulator on the side of they head . we can tell < by the spray - paint on they side that tnis be xx - 2 and X -3 ( orestes and ferseus ) - joyce see ? nick this be more of that deino - joyce - nychus draxi . they already possess the super- sensitive smell and hearing , the power , the pack - hunt instinct we desire , then sherman get busy splicing gene . sherman ( impressed with himself ) a section of DNA from the egg-steal raptor , ornitholest , to lengthen the foreleg and give they more dexterity with the finger , a section from the domestic dog that seem to foster obedience and '' receptivity to training , and a small section of human DNA that we hope will increase they problem - solving ability . nick if you do not get a leash on that thing we be go to have a major problem to solve - joyce ( smile ) Maya ? let 's give Mr. Harris a demonstration . Maya stand in the humvee , call out in a commanding voice - maya raptors ! the beast respond , turn to watch she intently . she signal with she arm , point down the dirt road that lead ahead into a stand of tree - maya forward ! '' X - 2 and X -3 begin to trot down the road , kroner pull out to follow they , and the whole menagerie of vehicle join in , Maya 's control humvee just behind the land Rover - 52 . Joyce hand Nick a thick red armband , about the size of a blood - pressure cuff , like the one he and all the other staff be wear - joyce put this on . it release pheromone the raptor have be train to avoid . Nick slip the armband on - nick it do not smell like anything - joyce to they it do . Nick watch the beast trot up ahead - nick they look different . the raptor have , in fact , change color since they first come out of the chute , from grayish to a mottle GREEN -brown that match the countryside around they - 'o joyce they be regular chameleon - put they in front of a brick wall and you would swear you can see the mortar . nick ( nod ) so we be take they for a stroll - joyce we be in convoy , move through enemy territory . Nick give he a look - nick I think you have let this Colonel thing get to you head . Joyce just smile as they enter the tree , the road narrowing somewhat — the deinonychus slow down up ahead , then stop , alert - ‘oe closer ~ raptor Quick shot of the raptor 's nostril sniff , eye darting - nick , joyce Nick look around they into the tree - nick what 's out there ? joyce they will know before we do . X - 1 & 2 the raptor suddenly dart away into the tree to the leave , shrieking with aggression ! automatic gunfire open up from the position they be run at , a ambush emplacement dig beneath a huge fall log - nick Nick duck instinctively , but Joyce remain stand - joyce do not worry , it 's blank ammunition . have to get they use to the noise - raptor - ambush bunker the raptor hit the bunker on the dead run , the lead one leaping and landing on the log above the fire position with both leg , the second charge straight in and thrust into the open with its ' terrible claw 's . the two rapidly demolish the position , soft dirt and chunks of bark , wood and moss fly in every direction , till they have unearth a rectangular iron protective cage contain two terrify mercenary who have drop they weapon and scream for help as the massive creature roll the whole thing over and over , jabbing in with they sickle - claw and stomping the bar out of shape ! 54 . staff the other mercenary have dismounted and move forward nervously with they various weapon and gear - joyce shut they down , sherman - sherman be worried , watch he instrument panel - sherman they nre on full restraint already ! Nick leap out of the land Rover , grab the nastiest weapon he see ( something like a rpg launcher ) from a mercenary , aim - joyce grab he ! mercenary dive on Nick , wrestle the grenade launcher from he and pin he on the ground - the raptor be subdued as well , breathe heavily but sit back on they haunch on either side of the batter protective cage . the man inside be equally batter but alive - Maya walk out to within a few yard of they , hand hold before she - maya easy , easy - Nick watch from the ground , amaze at she courage ( or stupidity ) - Maya turn and call to sherman in the control vehicle - maya give they a blast of serotonin as a reward . sherman twist a dial - the raptor 's eye half - close with bliss - maya all right , just a little get -up - and - go - 55 . @ sherman tweak a different dial . Maya point back toward the chute — maya raptors ! Home ! amazingly , the two monster right themselves , and , totally ignore the cage , begin to move back toward the road and the chute - joyce let he up . the mercenary warily let Nick go . he sit up , watch the deinonychus pass - nick you almost get that man kill . joyce on the contrary - we be just save from a deadly ambush by we advance scout . the mercenary remount they vehicle and begin to follow the deinonychus back , while a pair of medic hurry to the cage - joyce why should some poor grunt have to walk point through enemy territory if you have get this creature to do it ? when corté conquer Mexico he unleash ferocious dog on the terrify aztecs - nick - who be fight with arrow and spear . with real bullet - joyce in a combat situation they 'il be fully armored . just think of the psychological effect - talk about you shock and awe - nick ( fully realize ) you want to use they as soldier ! '' joyce swat team , ( proud ) shock troops , riot control , search and destroy -- the ultimate in special force . Maya hop into the humvee , not happy - maya ( to sherman ) what take it so long ? sherman I be not sure -- they be overexcite - maya the fact be you do not know . they pull away . Nick walk over toward the cage . the medics have have no luck get the twisted entry lid to open - medic ( to Joyce ) we be go to have to torch this to get it open . joyce we will send somebody out . he watch Nick , who be still a bit shake - joyce you nve be the first man in on some of this operation , Nick , you know the casualty rate - nick you can not control they . joyce ( shrug ) Maya have take they a long way , but she 's not a professional soldier . Nick turn to look at he . this be the pitch - joyce I know you history Nick - you have always do what you be tell extremely well and never ask too many question . you have be use and abuse and do not have much to show for it . be not it time you get pay what you be worth ? 's 57 . ext . training enclosure a smaller deinonychus , X -5 ( Achilles ) , wear a kind of harness around its body , pace in a outdoor enclosure about the size of the lion tamer 's cage at the circus . a hunk of beef be hang just outside the bar . X - 5 approach it warily - zzzzzzzz2tttttt ! it receive a enormous electrical jolt , administer by zeiss , a rather sadistic mercenary at a console just beyond the bar - zeiss we have learn we lesson , maybe ? the humvee pull up and Maya charge out of it - maya Zeiss ! what be you do ? zeiss it continue to eat whenever it please . it need to learn - maya the only thing it could learn from this be that you be a nitwit , and it probably already know that ! and the harness - zeiss the neuro-implant induce nausea , not pain . maya this be behavior modification , Zeiss , not torture . Joyce and Nick have return as well , kroner stand at something like attention behind they . Maya cross to a narrow door - maya unlock . zeiss he 's very upset - maya at you . unlock . Zeiss hit a switch and we hear a bolt shoot open . x X - 5 hear it too , snap to attention - 'o 'o 58. ick watch as Maya slide open a narrow door , squeeze in . chang ! Zeiss hit the switch and the dccr close behind she - X - 5 stand across the cage from she , wary - Maya do not move from next to the door for a moment , watch the beast - maya stay . she slowly cross to the beast , never lose eye-contact — maya easy - easy - she be right next to X - 5 now , hold its eye as she deftly unclip the harness and pull it off - maya good boy . she turn she back on the monster , slowly walk to the door . the door shoot open , she squeeze out - chang ! the door shut behind she . she turn to Joyce , still angry - maya every time I start to make some progress with this animal one of you thug set it back two week . joyce we have a timetable to be aware of . maya well you would better push it back . she stride away . Joyce indicate xx - 5 to Nick - joyce a relatively new recruit . you know the type , lot of attitude , a bit wild - nick how many of this thing do you have ? sherman unfortunately the genetic engineering involved in they creation render they sterile . ( more ) 59 . sherman ( cont would ) if we be go to expand and have a breeding program - ~ 'o joyce we need the embryos that you steal from we . nick I be not so sure that 's a good idea . what if you take they out for a spin and one decide to go awol ? sherman even if the neuro-implant malfunction they would not get far . they body be capable of create insulin but lack the stimulant that cause it to be secrete - only we can perform this function . joyce without we they can last only a hour , maybe less . nick ( nod toward Maya ) the patrol we go on this morning - she do not train they to do that , do she ? sherman look away - joyce there be a South African gentleman name de vroot - wonderful storyteller - seem to be get on very well with he trainee - nick and what happen to he ? joyce ( hesitant ) that 's not totally clear - sherman we find one of he shoe . Joyce slap Nick on the back , wink - joyce Big risk , big pay , my friend . dare to be great . 60 . int . castle - dine hall a long wooden table , tapestry on the wall - there should be tankard of ale and serve wench , but instead it 's Nick , Maya , sherman and Joyce sit down for dinner with baron herman von drax , a very self - satisfied character who have spend a lifetime get whatever he want - von drax courage , intelligence , the so - call ' killer instinct '- this be quality I have always look for in my employee , but it be the rare to find they all in the same individual . so I think - ' why not give nature a help hand ? 's sherman ( fawn ) the human DNA we use in the deinonychus come from Baron von drax . Nick look von drax over - @ nick now that you mention it , I can see the resemblance . Maya hide a smile , but the Baron be not distract - von drax we create we warrior from only the finest ingredient . nick you can combine behavioral attribute like you be make a cake ? sherman at the moment we can narrow they down to a certain section of the chain . it be possible that other less desirable trait might hitch - hike , so to speak , and end up as part of the organism . von drax but this mix give you something great than its part - they be full of hybrid vigor . like the swiss. oe nick but the swiss be not sterile . von drax shoot Nick a hard , appraise look , laughing - von drax I be the twenty - third Baron von drax , Mr. Harris . I assure you that we be not ! Nick sit back - nick in the second world war there be a program to train sea lion to place magnetic mine on enemy ship . tireless swimmer , able to stay under without oxygen tank - — sherman do they blow anything up ? nick mostly fishing boat . they could not pass up a meal . e maya we nre training we animal not to eat what they kill . that 's be the most difficult instinct to modify so far . von drax so - he look to Joyce - von drax - the embryos be on they way , ja ? joyce Mr. Harris be still consider we offer . von drax look stricken - von drax ( slightly threaten ) consider it @ as quickly as you can , Mr. Harris . 2 patience be not part of my genetic heritage . 61 . then burst out {e 62. int . tower room - night Nick sit on the edge of he bed , watch a phony - look war mcvie . he click it off , cross to the door , try it - not lock ! int . stairway Nick come down the spiral staircase of the tower , note several surveillance cameras as he go - — ext . castle - night Nick step out onto the torch - light parapet of the castle . he see Maya sit , brood , on the base of a ancient catapult . he approach , tap the catapult - nick I could send you over the moat with this if you have like . Maya look up , smile - maya I may take you up on that . nick that 's not the grendel International spirit I be hearing . Maya shoot a look down into the courtyard - kroner stand lean against a wall , pretend he 's just out for a smoke , monitoring the conversation . Nick see he , understand . Maya rise and they begin to stroll around the parapet - maya have a few setback today . nick so how do one get to be a dinosaur trainer ? maya ( shrug ) oh - I get my doctorate in behavioral science , do some field work with wolf in the north of Canada till the grant money start drying up , and then - well , there be not that many practical application . so I take a job with the circus . nick the circus ? maya in the ring with the whip and chair , push the big cat through they routine . then there be a certain trapeze artist I want to get away from , so when I be approach for this job - nick you know what you be get into ? maya for my fifteenth birthday my father promise to take I to open day at jurassic Park . I have still get the ticket . when I hear I would be work with animal that use to be extinct -- well , I do not ask too many question about what they be go to be train to do . nick in the cage this morning - how do you know that thing would not go for you ? Maya stop and they look out over the town down the mountain , only a few light still on - maya when a wolf pack work a herd of elk they will single out the weakest - a orphane juvenile , a older adult on its last leg - and look it straight in the eye . e 2 64 . security room - mcnitor - joyce and von drax Joyce and von drax stand watch and listen to Nick and Maya , who be be track by a surveillance camera - maya ( video ) there 's a conversation of death that go on between they , hunter and prey , almost a understanding . I have see the rest of the herd continue to graze peacefully while one of they number be set upon and kill . Joyce turn to reassure the Baron - joyce I would not worry to much about Nick . he will come around . ext . parapet Nick watch Maya 's face , animated in the torchlight - maya twenty yard away there 's this grisly murder and they keep chew grass . because they know it 's not they turn . nick so you just look it in the eye and you could tell - joyce ( arrive ) she 's a bit of a hypnotist , we Maya . Joyce step out from the base of the security tower - joyce but she do not really approve of we goal here . maya Wild animal should not - joyce first of all , they be not wild , they nre bio-engineered . we create they . ( more ) 65 . joyce ( cont would ) and like any other weapenize organism , they effectiveness depend on the skill cf that who deploy they . he turn to Nick - joyce like any good soldier , eh Nick ? nick good soldier care what side they be on . joyce oh , we be on the side of the angel here - he pull out a photograph and hand it to Nick - Pov - photograph in the photo a little girl of about ten sit on a pony , smile at the camera - nick who 's this ? parapet Joyce look smug , have play he trump card - joyce she 's the little girl whose life you be go to save . int . strategy room - wall screen on the large wall -screen be a blow - up of a aerial photo of a section of a port CITY - joyce ( 0.s. ) this section of the dock in tangier have mostly be abandon . a ground - level photo of dilapidate shack and warehouse appear on the screen - 'o 'o joyce ( 0.s. ) we source inform we that isabel chartier be be hold somewhere in the guarter . wider Nick sit with Joyce as he click the next image cnto the screen - joyce her father be betrand chartier , chairman of the duhamel Group , which maintain substantial financial holding in many of France 's former colony . a well - dress businessman , chartier , appear on the screen - joyce two of he employee have already be kidnap . the first , a minor functionary , be kill during protract negotiation . with the second , a junior vice president , the company pay the ransom immediately -- with the same result . a photo of french police carry a load body bag out of a tenement building appear - nick and the kidnapper ? joyce they seem to be motivate by a personal grudge against monsieur chartier as much as by the lure of ransom money . they call themselves the North African Liberation Front , but the little we know of they suggest that they motive be more criminal than political . nick and you be sure she 's still alive ? Joyce hit the clicker again . a shaky video appear on the screen - several black - hood kidnapper move about in the foreground and background of a smallish room as little isabel face the lens , sit at a central table - 67 . isabel ( video ) papa , maman - j'etais en bon santé mais vous I manquez beaucoup . ces gen ici m'epouvaisent et il faut gue payez a eaux tout ce - qu 'il demandent . joyce she say she 's scared and want to go home . they cross to a model of the waterfront quarter laid out on a table - joyce that arrive yesterday . they nve give chartier a week to deliver two million euros . nick a week be - joyce - be all we have get . we can only hope they will keep she alive at least till the ransom exchange . nick I could take a half - dozen good man and - joyce and what ? knock on door ? the quarter be a half - mile square . we deinonychus , give a few personal article , will sniff the girl out within minute . nick so let one of they find she and we ' 1l - joyce come in with gun blaze ? you notice in the video , they always have she in the center - to shoot at they , you put she in the middle of a fire-fight . but if the only shoot , should there be any , come from they - 68 . nick and what if you dincsaur bust in and one of the kidnapper keep nis head long enough to turn a gun on she ? joyce ( shrug ) then she will be spare the very graphic sight cf what happen next . ext . valley - day Nick stand before the five xes , who be line up outside the chute , stare at he - sherman , portable radio control in hand , and Maya stand behind he - behind they be Joyce , Zeiss , and a dozen of von drax 's ' mercenary 's , armed and wary . everybody be wear one of the pheromone armband - Nick be in drill sergeant mode now , stand at parade rest and call out - nick any soldier worth he pay have a name to answer to , not a number . even the most sniveling little lap dog answer to its name - Zeiss ! zeiss ( instinctively ) Sir ? nick see what I mean ? Nick walk slowly along the line of xes , from high to lowest - nick Achilles -- hector -- perseus -- orestes --- he pause in front of X - 1 , the biggest and most uneasy -— look of the group , consider - nick - spartacus . he turn to address the human - 69 . nick you will learn this name and from this moment forward will not fail to refer to and address the warrior by they . only three member of the team will be choose for the mission at hand , but all will be train for it . he look specifically at Maya - nick from now on - and this be very important - all military directive will be give by I and by I only . be that understand ? int . laboratory chamber - raptor enclosure very low light level . spartacus slowly move across the room toward a table with a soccer ball , a boombox radio and a roast pig on a platter line up on it - observation room Nick , Maya , sherman , and behind they , Joyce , watch a night - vision version of spartacus 's movement on a monitor - nick okay , give he the work . sherman flip a switch and - enclosure blam ! pop ! pop ! pop ! at-at-at-at-at-at-at ! sound of gunfire and flash on all side of spartacus . he roar , then hurry to the table and sniff each item , settling on the boombox , which he deftly lift up in one claw hand and move back to the other side of the enclosure - observation room Nick click a stopwatch - nick stimulus off . e sherman hit a switch and the firework stop , the light turn on in the enclosure . spartacus turn to glare at Nick . Nick nod back to he , click on a speaker - nick ( into speaker ) excellent work , spartacus . ( to sherman ) shoot he some love , sherman . sherman turn a dial - maya you be overdo it with the serotonin . nick ( nod ) tomorrow we will reward and punish with insulin . remind they that we control they vital function . maya we be make they into a bunch of drug addict . nick some day a pat on the back and a ' good boy 's might be enough to motivate they . he stare back at the defiant spartacus - nick I do not think we be there yet . ext . valley military music as we follow the raptor over and through a kind of obstacle course . they balance as they cross a single - log bridge , climb a mock - up of a two -story tenement wall with fire escape , jump down , pick up speed to hurdle a trench full of FIRE and finally slow to a cautious walk , sniff at the ground as they go - we pan to Nick , Joyce and Maya watch , all they wear helmet with safety visor , stand behind a protective wall - joyce von drax be not go to be happy if one of he investment get blow apart here . nick if they can not sniff out a mine six inch under the dirt they aggressiveness become a liability -- lock at this - we shift to see the raptor . the other be hold back , watch , as Achilles sniff he way through the minefield , occasionally press he tail against the ground - maya there 's a scent gland under he tail - nick he 's mark a trail for the other . joyce do you teach they that ? nick I wish I have . save time , only risk one member of the team - maya insightful behavior . they watch as Achilles get to the other side of the minefield , call back to the other with a clicking noise . the other four wind they way , single file , along the exact route Achilles take - nick make you wonder what else they have be cooking up . spartacus , at the rear , shoot a look to Nick - ext . training enclosure - another day Maya stand at the center of the cage where she take the harness off Achilles . she be surround by the raptor , stand at ' attention 's . she have a armful of little girl 's clothing - sherman and Nick stand outside the enclosure with Zeiss and a few other mercenary - sherman when each one sniff she clothing I will give hima jolt - e @ 72 . maya we want they to protect she , not be afraid of she . sherman what then ? maya oxytocin to the forebrain . sherman they be not go into labor - maya in male it reduce infanticide , promote parent behavior and long - term pair bond . nick the daddy drug . do not know there be one . sherman I be do this under protest . he dial in the oxytocin as Maya offer the clothes up for each raptor to sniff - nick we should repeat this every day till the mission . that smell be all they will have to track she down . ext . valley - practice building - another day four practice building , shell that have be rig up to resemble what we nve see in the waterfront quarter , stand not too far from the chute - Three of the raptor - spartacus , perseus and orestes - trot out of the chute , each now wear something like a flak vest strapped around they body . they cluster together - observation blind Nick , Joyce , Maya , and sherman be in a dugout observation blind nearby , watch the raptor directly and on video monitor ~- 73 . joyce the body armor do not seem to bother they . sherman they be use to harness . it 's fairly light - weight - Maya point to a meter - maya they be talk it over . cu meter a oscilloscope - like readout be hopping all over the place - maya ( 0.s. ) ultra-sound , - raptor the three raptor have spread out as they approach the building , throat work but no sound we can hear come out - maya ( 0.s. ) - way out of we range . spartacus spartacus lift he snout , catch the scent . he make a deep grunt and the other join he , look at a smallish shed make of corrugate metal . they split up , each take a different spot to surround the shed - observer nick that 's it , fella , triangulate - spartacus , raptor spartacus open he jaw to make another ultra-sound , and the three charge in unison ! wham ! orestes head - butt through the front door ! 74 . @ ce ws smash ! perseus hop foot - first through a side window ! cruuuunch ! spartacus hit the opposite side , punch he forearm through the corrugate metal and rip a huge section of the wall away ! pa-pap-pap-pap-pap-pap ! blam ! blam ! test dummy dress like the kidnapper and hold weapon be trigger to open up firing loud burst of blank ammo ! the raptor rip into the dummy , weapon and body part fly , dispatch a quartet of they in second . they turn on the last dummy , orestes about to take a bite - then freezing - it be a dummy of a small girl , dress like isabel chartier in the video . orestes sniff , knock the dummy over on its side . spartacus grunt and orestes move away . the alpha raptor step in , sniff , then gently take the dummy in its claw and rights it - observation blind @ Joyce be ecstatic- joyce that be spectacular ! even with the kidnapper load up and on full alert - nick ( less impressed ) thin wall , no corridor to go down - joyce they be ready . nick sure . they be ready to take on a army of dummy . flesh and blood kidnapper , though - joyce ready or not , the payoff be schedule for Thursday . we go tomorrow . Joyce climb out of the bunker . Nick be not pleased with the 9 hurry - up - 75 . nick ( to sherman ) blast they with bliss , sherman . and feed they when they get back inside . int . cavern laboratory - night not much happen in the lab tonight . a maintenance man run a floor buffer - int . raptor enclosure light half -dimmed , the raptor move slowly , uneasy - int . observation room Nick sit alone , watch he warrior — maya ( 0.s. ) you be careful tomorrow . Nick look up to see Maya join he - nick I be not the one they will be shoot at . maya it 's not the kidnapper you have to worry about . ( nod toward raptor ) when it go down , just make sure you be somewhere safe . nick I have see you walk right up to they - maya when I be in the ring with the big cat I learn never to think they be my friend . you turn you back and -- well , they can not help themselves - — nick what if one go for you when you be look it straight in the eye ? st ] 77 . maya tf you let they have the DNA they will prebably let you go . nick ( shake he head ) not here . I be hold in the desert for fourteen month . wo war have be declare , so we be just - if we have all disappear nobody would have make a fuss . she must be so scared - Maya smile sadly , give he a kiss on the cheek - maya good luck tomorrow . she exit . Nick go back to contemplate the raptor - — fade to black . ext . dockside - tangier - night a big truck pull up at the edge of the decaye tangier waterfront , a batter suv glide to a stop next to it - the tailgate of the truck swing down hydraulically , become a ramp - spartacus , perseus and orestes step down the ramp . they be rig up in the protective armor with the addition of a small night-vision video camera on each , mount on the shoulder - suv - nick the interior of the suv be totally different than its outside . very high - tech , with three monitor be feed by each of the raptor , let we know what they see - Nick be wear a pheromone armband and a speaker set on he head , leave he hand free - nick squadron hold . camouflage . CO ee 79 . perseus perseus pause by a ancient two - story warehouse . a fade sign indicate it have sometn to do with olive oil . perseus sniff , then lift he head and oper he jaw wide , call ultra-sonically . spartacus , then crestes appear to join he . they put they head together , face the building - suuv - nick Nick get a good look at the building from the raptor 's camera , check on he locator grid - nick ( into radio ) look like we nve get something - sector twelve , building three - six- two - he bring the suv to a stop , unhook he seatbelt and lift a short - barrel automatic weapon from the seat beside he - nick ( mutter to himself ) let 's just hope it 's not a meat-cack plant . warehouse perseus stay by the front entrance as — orestes move around back to the loading dock -— and spartacus painstakingly climb the FIRE escape that lead up to a second floor window - int . warehouse we be inside the warehouse on the ground floor , row of barrel full of olive oil take up much of the space . we move past they to see a trio of kidnapper asleep on cot , weapon within arm 's reach - four more kidnapper sit at a small table under a harsh light play card , they weapon propped against chair leg or lie on the table - we continue past this man to a set of iron stair , craning up to the second - floor loft . we push through a open door into the old office - 80 . two mcre kidnapper sleep on mattress on the floor , while a third sit near the window , foot up on the ancient desk , uzi on he lap , yawn and nodd off - in the middle of the room , curl up in a big upholster easy chair with the stuff come out the arm , be isabel chartier - ext . STREET - night Nick be out of the suv now , ready to roll , look in through the window at the grid locator - locator screen the raptor , represent by three blinking red dot , have surround the building - nick Nick , tense , speak low into he headset - nick all together , boy . you be go to enter - ext . warehouse - FIRE escape ladder , spartacus we watch the claw of spartacus 's foot grip the next rung up - he shift he weight ever so slowly , the fire escape metal creaking just a bit . one more step - he 's up on the platform , look in the window - int . office the kidnapper at the desk be nearly asleep , he back to the window as the massive head appear behind he , peer in - ext . FIRE escape spartacus call in ultra-sound then - 81 . int . warehouse - office smash ! spartacus thrust he head through the window , roar , then grab the doze kidnapper in he jaw , the man scream as he be lift and shake ! ground floor wham ! perseus batter he way through the front entrance door , sprawling off - balance , knock into pile barrel and send they crash to and roll on the floor ! crash ! rip ! orestes begin to tear apart the metal load dock door in the rear - the kidnapper at the table grab for they weapon but bam ! perseus charge through they , splintering the table with a mighty blow and send the man fly - int . command warehouse the mercenary grab weapon and run out - joyce go! go! go! as they run out we tilt down to a monitor . we see a terrified kidnapper fire he weapon toward the camera - — int . olive oil warehouse - office spartacus have smashed he way in through the window , the two man on the mattress awake now and bap-bap- bap - bap -bap -bap ! firing at he ! isabel isabel be sit up , confuse and terrify - she duck as a deinonychus foot clamp onto the arm of the chair , spartacus use it as a springboard to leap across the room onto the kidnapper ! isabel throw she blanket over she head and curl into fetal position . we hear thrashing and scream - 82 . ground flogr bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap ! the kidnapper scatter , firing they weapon , trip over barrel and upend furniture , slide on the olive- oil - slicked floor - - but both orestes and perseus be in now and in full attack mode - leaping , slide , stabbing with they sickle - claw , grab man in they jaw and hurl they across the rocm ! two of the kidnapper duck cut the front entrance - — one kidnapper try to run up the iron stair to the office . he get halfway up when chomp ! orestes nail he from behind - ext . STREET - night Nick be hurry down the street toward the warehouse . the two escape kidnapper come rush around the corner , see he - bap-bap - bap - bap - bap - bap ! they open up with they uzis , Nick diving for cover behind the burnt - out hulk of a tire - less , abandoned car - round smash into the wreck , tear chunks of metal off around Nick 's head . not the great cover - we shoot from profile as the kidnapper walk toward Nick , firing as they come - we change angle - we be fifty yard behind they and come fast - wham ! perseus flatten one of the man , run over he from behind , then wheel and jump on the other , tear at he ! Nick jump up and run past the raptor to the warehouse — int . warehouse - ground floor Nick enter through the front entrance . we follow he as he step over smashed barrel , bust furniture , discard weapon , dead body and spread puddle of olive oil . he pause at the foot of the iron stair , listen . quiet . he call up - nick it 's I ! I be come up ! he change channel on he headset , speak more softly - ' oe 83. nick I be in the building , no resistance apparent . shut they down . repeat - shut they down , now ! he climb the iron staircase , weapon at ready , squeezing by a kidnapper 's body hang upside - down . he reach the top , step into the office - spartacus and orestes face he , one side of spartacus 's head a mess , blood drip down from it . spartacus stand with one foot rest on the overturn easy chair . they look wild - eye and not shut down at all , but do not attack - Nick take a step forward . spartacus hiss . Nick freeze , look around at the devastation in the room - blood on the wall , mattress tear to shred , one body hang half out of the window -- nick where be she ? spartacus growls - nick you have do good work here . outstanding . where be the girl ? he see the chair beneath the raptor 's foot - nick back . move back . spartacus hesitates , then slowly step away from the chair , not take he eye off Nick . orestes be start to nod as the radio-controlled neuropeptide do they work - Nick step forward , lift the chair away - a small figure under a blanket , not move - Nick take the edge of the blanket , lift - ext . warehouse - STREET a half - dozen vehicle screech to halt in front of the warehouse , mercenary jump out , fully armed - joyce surround the warehouse ! we do not know what 's go to come out of there - ‘eo 84 . maya hold you fire ! she point - Nick step out cf the warehouse with tsabel in he arm , the little girl clutching at he neck and regard the mercenary with wide eye as he carry she through they to Maya at the ambulance - isabel sont réel les monstre que j'avais vue ? ( be that monster I see real ? ) nick non , non - c'est seulement un réve . ( no - it 's only a dream . ) Nick hand isabel off to a medic - nick ces gen tu portez a tes parent . c'est fini , ton cauchemar . ( this people will take you to you parent . you nightmare be all over . ) Joyce be ecstatic - joyce not a scratch on she ! how be the boy ? nick spartacus be shot up pretty bad . there 's - there 's a lot of clean up to do in there . Joyce signal to Zeiss - joyce get on it . the mercenary hurry into the warehouse . Maya step close to Nick - maya you okay ? Nick grin . he be stoke from the action , the success of the rescue - 'o 85 . nick never better . ext . castle - night floodlights illuminate the courtyard of the castle as a helicoptsr lower and settles onto the ground . von drax and he house staff be wait , and break into applause as Nick and the other step out of the chopper - — int . dine hall - champagne bottle pop ! the cork go fly and champagne be deal into glass - — von drax be at the head of the table , toast Nick , Joyce , Maya and sherman - von drax tonight , my friend , we have make history ! joyce to we victorious reptile ! they raise they glass and drink - von drax ( excited ) the video be thrill - I feel like I be in the room with they ! joyce be thankful that you be not . von drax I think we be quite ready to show we capability to the world market . nick market ? joyce there 's another mission we have be plan , Nick . ona larger scale - 86 . von drax and this time several interested party will be on hand to watch - include a representative from you country 's special force , Mr. Harris . joyce we want you on board , Nick . Nick consider a moment - nick do I have a choice ? joyce I watch you out there . you be in you element . Maya watch Nick , still flushed with victory , worried - joyce it 's in you blood . int . raptor enclosure hector and Achilles put they head together with orestes and perseus , exchange chirping and clicking noise . War storey ---- fade to black . int . strategy room - table model - day we look down on a table top model of a extensive jungle fortress -- checkpoint , guardhouse , barrack , drug processing building and a lavish hacienda- style home - joyce ( 0.s. ) pepe aguilar control a large percentage of the heroin and cocaine still move out from Latin America . 87 . rocm joyce he have a private army , he own fleet of cargo plane , ana here , at cuchikamba , a state - of - the - art processing plant . Joyce and Nick regard the layout . Nick neds to the blow -up of aerial photo mount on the wall - nick so bomb it off the map . joyce aguilar also keep several dozen prisoner in the compound - kidnap member of prominent family , politician from all the major and minor party , and , most importantly , the president 's favorite niece . he 's way back in the jungle here - to make a se} surprise attack with the number of ground troops you would need - nick it would not be much of a surprise . joyce it 's the perfect scenario for we very unique service . penetrate they defense and eliminate pepe aguilar - nick - without hurt the hostage . this be not a special op mission , it 's a invasion . joyce ( nod ) I suspect we will need the whole team this time . ext . mountain valley - enclosure spitter through the bar of the enclosure . both have Nick , Maya , sherman and mercenary team face a pair of 9 control implant on they head - 88 . nick this thing be on the island . sherman ( shrug ) they seem to thrive underground . hard to track they all down - nick be they bio-engineered ? sherman flip down the plexiglas faceplate on he safety helmet , take three step toward the enclosure - sherman not to the extent the deinonychus be , but they be relatively controllable . chlymidosaurus sputori - ' chlymidosaurus ' meaning ' frill lizard 's , and sputori meaning - one of the spitter raise its spiny mantle and hawk a plug. of sticky black mucus , chhhhhokkk ! --- - through the air where it stick , splat ! to sherman 's faceplate - sherman - well , you get the idea . we have train this spitter with the idea that there might be some tight space we need access to - nick ( name they ) from now on they be casper and pollux . sherman wipe he faceplate clean , look at the spitter - sherman which be which ? ext . compound mock - up - another day various of the drug lair structure have be recreate in the valley training area . the control humvee wait by a guard tower checkpoint - .e guard tower - joyce Joyce , Zeiss and anothr mercenary stand on top cf the tower , Joyce watch the distance through binocular - int . humvee Nick , sherman and Maya watch the monitor in the humvee - — nick ( over radio ) send they out . ext . valley - chute casper and pollux emerge from the chute , follow by the five deinonychus . all be fitte with body armor and shoulder — mount camera - int . humvee Nick speak into he headset - nick squad forward to objective . maximum alert . they watch the monitor as the animal head cautiously for the tree - nick you would think that the big one would just eat the little one . sherman we throw a chlymidosaurus in with the big boy early on . they have get gland full of that toxin they expectorate - maya the deinonychus be sick for day . nick I bet the spitter be not too thrilled about it either . 90 . ext . wood casper and pollux lead the squad , slightly spread out , through the wood . casper suddenly stop , hissing , he spiny mantle pop out - he be stand a few inch from a trip wire , about a two foot high , that run from tree to tree - the deinonychus carefully step over the wire as the spitter furiously dig , quickly burrow under it - int . humvee the human watch on the dino-cam monitor - ext . wood the squad have come to a spot where the tree thin out and we can see a metal fence ahead , eight foot high , with concertina wire on the top edge - they slow , the bigger deinonychus step to the fore - int . humvee nick ( over radio ) alright , direct entry this time . Flying wedge . we see some rearranging of they position on the monitor - nick go! monitor on two of the monitor we see the Pov as the bearer rush toward the fence - ext . tree spartacus and hector be sprinting full tilt toward the fence as the other trot behind they . wham ! they leap in unison and hit the fence with both hindlegs extend , flatten a ten-foot section and make a breech ! the other pour through and all spread out into the mock - up compound - gl . ext . compound - tower Joyce bring he binocular down - joyce here they come ! int . humvee - monitor on one of the spitter' monitor we see a somewhat camouflage machine gun bunker up ahead . the spitter dive in - ext./ int . barracks we follow as orestes and perseus bust into a long barracks build , toss furniture and narco dummy as they hustle from one end to the other - ext . courtyard Achilles burst into the courtyard where the guard tower and humvee sit , immediately wham ! charge to butt he head against the base of the tower , knock it off center ! humvee nick he 's suppose to climb that , not knock it over - maya it 's Achilles -- nick shut he down ! tower wham ! another charge head - butt and the tower be at a forty - five degree angle , wood beginning to crack and give way - joyce shut he off ! shut he off ! '' Achilles take another run start , this time jump on the side of the tower , he weight bring it crashing to the ground ! the man roll out of the crow 's nest , the mercenary come up firing , bap-bap - bap - bap - bap ! but Achilles silece he with a deadly downward swipe of he sickle - claew ! humvee nick off ! shut they off , all of they ! sherman I have ! they should be unconscious ! wham ! Achilles hit the humvee broadside with he head and they be roll upside down ! Nick try to clear he pistol as sherman freak - sherman oh please do not eat I do not eat I do not eat I ! quiet . very quiet . then a face appear at the passenger - side window , Nick whipping he gun around - joyce easy . he 's down . achilles the deinonychus lie on he side , breathe shallowly , a glaze look on he eye , as Nick , Maya and Joyce approach . sherman sit on the side of the flip humvee behind they , shaking uncontrollably - joyce a berserker . we have have problem with he before . nick I think he know exactly what he be do . sherman the response time on all of they keep get longer - 93 . maya they be not machine ! you can not just point you finger and expect they to kill whoever you - joyce bre you suggest that they have a conscience ? maya it would be nice if someone around here do . joyce if you be not behind the program , Maya , you can always ~ - maya quit ? I have be dead before I get across the moat . it 's out in the open now , Joyce and Maya glaring at each other . Zeiss return , rifle in hand - zeiss the other be all down , too . look like they be just take care of business . he give Achilles a hard kick in the rib - zeiss it 's just this son of a- maya he see and hear everything you do . zeiss not for long . Zeiss but the barrel of the rifle to Achilles 's temple - joyce belay that ! we need to know what go wrong here . ( call to sherman ) I want a full work - up on he and a report tomorrow morning . we do not have time for this ! Maya be look down at the body of the slain mercenary - 94 . maya what about he ? joyce ( shrug ) accident happen . he step close she , menace - joyce which be why we must all be very careful . ext . courtyard - evening the courtyard be light up with torch . Baron von drax be engage in some target practice - shoot bolt from a ancient crossbow across the courtyard to shatter porcelain vase that have be set up in a row . Joyce look on as kroner reload the crossbow after every shot - nick Nick step out from the base of the tower just as smash ! a vase be shattered only a few foot from he . Zeiss stand behind he , armed - nick Nice shot . von drax I be a expert with several archaic weapon . nick very useful , if you run into some archaic enemy . von drax and what about you , Mr. Harris - be you a friend or a enemy ? nick a employee . ( nod to Zeiss ) he say you want to see I . von drax ( indicate ) would you mind place another vase on the stand for I ? Nick pick up a vase from the ground - S 95 . nick this look expensive . von drax priceless . but I be tired of they . Nick reach to put the vase on the target stand - smash ! von drax shoot it out of he hand ! Nick look at he hand , cut and bleed , then calmly turn to face the Baron - von drax as I be tired of wait for you to return we property . nick we do not really have a deal , do we ? von drax you payment - nick my payment be not much good unless I be free to spend it . von drax point the reload crossbow at Nick 's head - von drax you wish to leave we ? Nick walk slowly across the courtyard , straight at von drax . Joyce watch he boss , tense , not sure the Baron will not pull the trigger - joyce ( mutter ) we need he - Nick stop only a few foot away from the deadly crossbow . he speak softly - nick you be keep Maya here . she want to go . von drax miss lundberg be not one of we more enthusiastic employee , no , but it would not be prudent to - nick you let she leave , no string , no repercussion , and I tell you where I leave the aerosol can . 'o 96 . joyce if she talk about what we nre do here - nick after the demonstration you will be begging for publicity . the whole point of a strike force like this one be to intimidate the people who do not have one . joyce and if we let she go then , you will stay with the program ? nick like you say - it 's what I be mean to do . von drax smile , shift the aim of the crossbow ever so slightly and fire it past Nick 's ear . smash ! von drax we have a agreement . now - where be the embryos ? int . dungeon - ankylosaurus wham ! wham ! wham ! wham ! the ankylosaurus methodically smashes he tail into the dungeon wall , a pile of stone and mortar at its foot - nick Nick watch the great armored beast , think . Maya join he , watch for a moment - nick ( nod to ankylosaurus ) I know how he feel . maya they be talk to each other . int . cavern - isolation cage we see Achilles pace in a steel - reinforce isolation cage . he make a high - pitch call , and be answer by several of the other deinonychus , they call echoing from another part of the cavern - 37 . os maya ( 0.s . ) they have be go at it for hour . observation booth - nick and maya Nick and Maya look in from the booth . Achilles call again - nick he 's tell they about he escape attempt . like any other good prisoner . we use a tapping code . maya do you think all that be plan today ? nick somebody have to test the envelope , see how far you can get - maya what sherman do today would have kill this animal a month ago . e@ they brain must be develop new x pathway , rearranging circuitry like people do after a stroke - rrrrrrrraghhhhhh ! Achilles scream , stare defiantly at the two of they - nick I tell they where the embryos be . maya ( horrify ) Nick , no ! why would you - nick as soon as this demonstration be over , no matter how it go , you be free to walk . maya and you trust they ? nick no . but I will work for they . maya how can you say that ? 'o 98 . nick ( shrug ) mercenary have exist all through history , like weapon . the only question be who 's use they and what for . Maya look at he for a long moment , glance up - maya' Pov - surveillance camera a wide - lens security camera stare down at they - wider Maya lean forward and kiss Nick . she break off the kiss , lean she lip close to he ear , whisper — maya who do you think have that little girl kidnap ? nick we see into Nick 's eye as he realize the nature of the devil he 's just make a deal with - int . security room - night a security guard write down he observation as he watch Nick and Maya on one of many surveillance monitor on he desk - int . rodrigo 's bar / kitchen - day Three tough -look guy in shade enter the near-empty bar . they head straight for the back room , the bartender call out - bartender '' en qué puedo servirle , sefore ? we follow they into the kitchen . the same Old man be shuck oyster . he barely look up as the three enter - tough guy é El congelador ? 99 . the Old man point with he knife . they go to the freezer , epen it - Pov - freezer nestled among the chill cerveza be the same aerosol can Nick dig up on isla nublar . the heed tough guy lift it up to he face , give it a twist - the top pop up to reveal a chamber in which lie several metal tube - tough guy eso es . ( this be it . ) or be it ? bar the thug hurry out of the bar with they prize . the man in the foreground who be pass out with he face on the bar counter raise he head to watch they go . it be overton - int . jungle clearing - day Nick wait at the edge of a clearing in the jungle , he atv park on a narrow logging road behind he - he look at he watch , then at the sky - we hear the drone of airplane - ext . jungle village a small village with a river on one side and the jungle wall on the other - a half - dozen military vehicle of various sort be park in the center of the village , mercenary wait around for order - — int . hq build Inside the biggest structure a command headquarters have be set up . a bank of dino - cam monitor take up one wall , manned by a pair of grendel technician - 100 . representatives , some in military unifcrm , some not , from Asia , Europe , Africa , Latin America , and Russia mill around , wait for the show to start - Joyce stand nervously look at he watch , as Baron von drax chat in german with a uniform colonel nearby , present he with a halberd from he collection - the Colonel pose for a snapshot with the weapon - sherman check he bio - meter as Maya sit nearby glumly regard the scene - technician we nve get they ! hub-bub in many language as the spectator cross to watch the monitor . Joyce act as master of ceremony - joyce though the objective be not a great distance from here , we feel that any demonstration of we special capability should include a aerial insertion - monitor on most of the monitor we see image too dark or fuzzy to interpret . suddenly , on one , we see the cargo door ofa transport aircraft slide open and the camera be launch into open air as its bearer jump out ! another and another of the monitor show the same image , open sky , then bit of the jungle below - russian observer what be big deal ? drop weapon from plane - a collective gasp as on one monitor orestes , suspend from a parachute , swing into frame ! joyce ( smug ) that , gentleman , be the big deal . ext . clearing - sky the sky be full of parachute float earthward with dinosaur hang from they - 101 . we tilt to Nick , who shake he head in amazement , then speak into he headset - nick squad form and proceed to target . you be on you own , fella . he get onto the atv , shoot a last look at the sky , then motor away down the log road - sky - spartacus we drift down , shoot past spartacus toward the clear from under the canopy of the chute . his powerful leg easily take up the shock of landing - pop ! the buckle on he chute harness separate with a small explosion and the harness fall away , spartacus step away from it . we see other squad member make similar landing in the bg - int . hq build the spectator be amaze as they watch — monitor capture on another creature 's camera , we see casper hang up in a tree at the edge of the clear , chute snag on branch — joyce ( 0.s. ) I must inform you that this be the first jump we operative have undertake - pop ! the harness release and casper fall a few foot before snatching a branch with he tail , then swinging to grab the trunk of the tree before shinnying down quick as a squirrel - joyce but as you see , they be somewhat more resilient than conventional force . ext . clearing the squad quickly melt into the jungle at the far side of the clear - @ 9 9 102 . ext . jungle village Nick pull up in the atv , hurry into the hq building - int . hq build Nick cross to Joyce , glance at the dino-cam image of jungle be traverse - joyce I think we no lose at least one . nick how do the bio readout look ? sherman ( watch meter ) the heart - rate go through the roof when we dumped they out of the plane , but they be back in predator mode already . Nick be distract as he see a half - dozen narco- look character watch one of the monitor - nick who be they ? joyce that be the gentleman who hire we . nick they look just like the bunch we be try to take out . joyce a rival group . they have make a deal with the government , and they end of it start with eliminate pepe aguilar . nick we be work for drug-runner ? joyce ( shrug ) a unproven product , the need for a great deal of discretion - and they be the high bidder . Nick scowl as Joyce wave somebody over - 103 . joyce all the major player have send somebody to observe - you know Andy slade - slade , a hard - look american , nod to Nick - slade Harris . I think it be at a checkpoint on the turkish border - nick you still in ? slade consult . ( nod towards monitor ) this thing know what they be do ? nick only too well . tracking screen blinking red dot move across the screen toward a rectangular swatch of GREEN - tracking technician approach outer perimeter ! the track technician point to a eighth blink dot , way behind the other - tracking technician this one 's still lag - zeiss Zeiss enter , cross rapidly to the Baron , whisper something . the Baron 's face redden , he signal Joyce to come over - we meet Joyce as he join the Baron - joyce something wrong ? zeiss the aerosol can have arrive in draxburg . 104 . joyce excellent ! von drax Dr. wetzel have analyze the DNA . he see it right away . joyce saw what ? von drax hoptoad ! he give we gene from hoptoad ! Joyce look over at Nick , furious - joyce ( to Zeiss ) stay with Harris and the woman . the slight sign of sabotage or escape and you kill they . zeiss ( smile ) my pleasure . ext . jungle - day the raptor move rapidly through thick jungle . spartacus , in the lead , stop to sniff the air . the other freeze behind he , alert - spartacus make a low grunt and casper and pollux move forward . the other follow the two spitter , more slowly now - pollux the spitter slink with he belly close to the ground , head low , barely disturbing the underbrush . suddenly he pop he head up and chllllllok ! spit - _-we whip pan as splat ! the black mucus gob hit the lens of a surveillance camera mount in a tree - int . narco compound - surveillance room two outer perimeter screen be suddenly black on the surveillance console . a narco -guard stand look over the shoulder of the baffle desk man - 105 . narco-guard qué pasdé ? ( what happen ? ) desk man acabamos de perder el imagen - ( we just lose the image - ) narco-guard viste algo ? ( do you see anything ? ) desk man creo que viera un legarto . ( I think I see a lizard . ) narco-guard un legarto ? ( a lizard ? ) the desk man spread he arm to indicate size - desk man un legarto grandote . ( a really big lizard . ) ext . jungle a perimeter guard be out walk sentry at the edge of the jungle , pace , listen . he stop by a tree , pull out a cigarette , light it - suddenly a spitter swing down inch from he face , hang upside - down from a branch by its tail , and SNAP ! grab the startle man 's face in its jaw ! several of the deinonychus pass the grisly scene , hopping like kangaroos over a two - foot-high trip wire strung between the tree - another area - jungle a loose shot as a squad of narco guard pass , automatic weapon ready , search the tree all around they . they squad leader be talk softly into a cell phone - squad leader no hay huella de nadie . veremo las cdmara - la humedad no las sirve . ( there 's no sign of anybody . we ' 1ll check the camera - the humidity be tough on they . ) 106 . we let the squad exit frame , hold a beat , then spartacus and perseus seem to materialize from the jungle before we eye , they chameleon - like camouflage and ability to freeze still so effective that we be stare at they all the while . they move off in the opposite direction - int . machine -gun bunker two machine-gunners peer out at the jungle through camo - netting , crouch behind they machine gun in a dirt - floor bunker , listen hard - machine-gunner juro que puedo oir algo - of mejor , sentir algo - ( I swear I can hear something - or sense something - ) fwooooosh ! casper burst up from the floor behind they , dirt flying ! as they whirl he hiss , he spiny mantle popping out - int . barracks we be in the main barracks for the narco - soldier , which look not unlike a jock dorm at a large university - poster of babe on the wall , guy loung around in they underwear , smoking , read magazine , watch a gamera ( giant japanese turtle that emit flame from its butt when it fly to the rescue ) movie on a big screen tv - wham ! orestes burst in the front entrance ! wham ! Achilles burst in the rear entrance ! bedlam as the deinonychus charge in from opposite end , slashing , tear , chomping at the scream , terror-stricken narco ! ext . compound - tower bap-bap-bap-bap-bap-bap ! a machine gun open up on the main tower as spartacus and orestes streak into the compound ! hector scramble up the side of the tower and chomp ! deal with the sentry ! drug lab a half - dozen narcos come run out of the long , rectangular drug lab , blasting away with they weapon as spartacus charge straight at they , round smack into he body armor - @ & '' 107 . pounce ! orestes leap on top of the man from the roof behind they , flatten a pair and then tear into the other - int . cacuzzi room pepe aguilar , wear nothing but a lot of gold chain , kick back in he enormous jacuzzi , water - jet churn away , with a pifia colada in hand and salsa music on the stereo . he lock up , surprised to be interrupt , as a bodyguard husty in - bodyguard nos atacamo ! ( we be be attack ! ) pepe aguilar De quién ? ( by who ? ) bodyguard ( panicked ) dinosaurios ! ( dinosaur ! ) pepe start to laugh - pepe aguilar ha sido probando el producto otra vez ! aqui preparamo las drogas , no las tomamo ! ( you have be sampling the product again ! we make drug here - we do not take they ! ) the bodyguard lay a uzi at the edge of the jacuzzi and hurry away - bodyguard Le dejo esto ! ( I will leave this for you ! ) we hold on pepe , shaking he head - pepe aguilar guardaespaldas pendejo ! ( idiot bodyguard ! ) he take a drink , close he eye and sink back into the churning water - 108 . ext . compound - prisoner corral all around we hear sporadic gunfire and human scream as spartacus kill the guard in front of a fence - in area , then clang ! tear the gate off its hinge - a couple dozen prisoner , kidnap by the narco , cower against the back fence as spartacus step in , roar , then lower he head to sniff at the petrify occupant - woman se acabo ! se acabo el mundo . ( it 's the end ! it 's the end of the world . ) spartacus straighten , roar again , and exit . a few of the prisoner fall of they knee to give thanks for they salvation - courtyard gunfire and scream continue as we follow a trio of narco who jump into a suv and patch out , swerving to avoid orestes , who be busy demolosh a guardhouse - the suv hurtle toward the exit gate , but - the ankylosaurus , last to arrive , be just come in , its huge armored body fill the open ! the driver slam on the brake , throw the suv into a sideways skid , dust billow up , till smash ! it hit the ankylosaurus and flip over its back , landing behind it on its side ! wham ! wham ! wham ! the beast instinctively begin to smash the metal attacker flat with the club on its powerful tail - int . drug lab hector charge through the long drug lab , chase terrify worker before he , apparatus smash all around as he rampage through and over the table , leave white powder fly , sizzling chemical spill and a spread FIRE in he wake - int . hq build the narco who have hire grendel be dismay as they see the lab trash on hector 's monitor - head narco this be not we deal ! what be it do ?! nick what 's he problem ? joyce they be hope to be able to - to recycle most of the drug and equipment in there . Nick catch Maya shoot he a ' I tell you so 's look - tracking screen the blink dot have congregate in one small area - tracking technician they ’‘re inside pepe 's mansion now ! int . pepe 's mansion - portrait a portrait of pepe , dress slick and lean on a red porshe , hang on the wall - splat ! ssssssssss ! a plug of spitter mucus hit the portrait and bubbles , the acid in it burn the canvas - — -we pan to the hallway , decorate in very expensive , very bad taste , where the bodyguard sprint past firing the occasional shot behind as casper chase after he ! he duck around the corner - we hear a roar and a scream and then orestes trot from around the corner with the bodyguard , still struggle , in he jaw ! lobby - staircase tropical plant adorn the ostentatious lobby that lead toa curving marble staircase . a pair of narcos come run down the staircase , one trip and sprawling down end - over - end and the other gain the ground floor and run straight at we but - 'o 110 . perseus appear above he , leaping over the bannister and landing with both foot thump ! right on top of the man ! int . jacuzzi room pepe , hearing the scream and gunfire outside , now have the uzi in hand and a worried look on he face . bam ! bam ! bam ! something be batter the vault door that protect he - hallway a FIRE have start further down the hallway , smoke start to billow as the ankylosaurus pound the vault door again and again with he tail , the wall around the door start to crumble - the smoke envelop the beast just as crash ! the whole section of wall and door fall inward ! int . jacuzzi room pepe stand in the middle of the still - churn jacuzzi do he scarface routine , uzi point and ready , try to see through the smoke - pepe aguilar bueno - quiere jugar ? ( come on - you want to play ? ) suddenly the two spitter leap through the smoke , mantle puffed out , shreiking and land splash ! splash ! smack in the jacuzzi with pepe ! we hear scream , splashing , snarling as blood spray on the fluffy white towel hang on the wall - ext . jungle village Joyce lead the observer out to they wait vehicle - joyce we will head over while they be mop up and you can get a closer look . russian observer this be safe ? von drax if we can turn they on , I assure you we can turn they off . @ fe lll . they pass and Nick and Maya exit . Zeiss be wait by a vehicle , point he pistol at Nick 's head - zeiss you two be come with I . nick we deal be - zeiss just get in ! ext / int . drug compound - various shot quiet . the place look bomb - out — topple tower - Burning building - the trash , burn interior of the lab - body and furniture strewn around in the barracks . on the huge tv , lie on its side now , gamera be save small japanese child - the ankylosaurus be peacefully graze on the tropical foliage in the lobby of pepe 's mansion , blood smear on the white marble floor and staircase - blood fill the still churn jacuzzi - the kidnap prisoner cautiously step out from they enclosure for a look - courtyard the squad , all present except the ankylosaurus , regroup in courtyard . Achilles be badly wounded , blood cover he throat and stain he body armor . spartacus approach he slowly , and crack ! lash out with a front claw to smash the shoulder - mount camera ! he reach up and grasp the control-implant with he dextrous claw and rip it from Achilles 's ear ! ext . logging road B convoy of vehicle , the control wagon in the lead , move down the narrow dirt road through the jungle - 112 . int . control wagon Joyce and sherman watch , incredulous , as the other raptor foliow suit , smashing each other 's camera , one dashboard monitor after enother go black ! sherman what be they do ? joyce deactivate ! I want they out of commission when we get there ! ext . drug compound the raptor , with they camera and implant all destroy , head out through the front gate , step over the flip , batter suv - int . control wagon sherman watch the tracking screen in the vehicle with mount alarm - sherman they be still move - joyce why ? sherman I do not know ! joyce where be they go ? sherman watch the blinking red dot for a moment . he give Joyce a scared look - sherman toward we . int . vehicle - nick and maya Zeiss have the pistol casually point toward Nick as he drive , Maya in the back seat - 113 . '' zeiss do you think you could fool we with the frog ? nick I figure once I have the can somebody be go to come after I . setting up a decoy be just a way to buy time . maya what be you talk about ? zeiss you boyfriend give we the wrong can of gene . Maya look to Nick , thrilled to hear this - maya you - ? Zeiss look up ahead - '' zeiss why be we stop ? convoy Joyce be out front , look ahead down the narrow log road , worried . kroner , drive , stick he head out of the Control wagon - kroner it 's too narrow to turn around . joyce well we can not back up all the way to the village ! sherman ( call from inside wagon ) they be a quarter mile away and come fast ! driver and observer be pop out of they vehicle now to see what the holdup be . the Baron call , impatient — von drax why do we wait ? joyce there 's a problem on the road ahead . von dpax what could be the pr- ( see ) mein gott in himmel ! we whip pan to see the squad of raptor tear down the road toward the convoy ! everyone jump back into they vehicle and there be a desperate automotive scramble as they all try to turn around and speed away at once , result in something like a demolition derby , vehicle smashing into each other and into tree , get stick in the muck alongside the road and then - rrrrrrrrrrrrraaawwwwwwwgh ! spartacus and he squad hit the convoy like a tidal wave , but , slashing , kick , knock the small vehicle over and stomping on the larger one - one mercenary be pluck clean off he motorcycle by hector , while another dodge away , only to have pollux leap onto the back of it and wrap he arm around the motorcyclist . the guy glance back to see who be hitchhike , scream as the spitter open its jaw ! the narcos 's car , one tire slashed and bump , and the mercede carry the Baron manage to turn and speed away - in Nick 's car smash ! a deinonychus foot bust through the windshield , sickle - claw pin Zeiss to he seat ! Nick and Maya bail out they door - orestes and perseus pursue a half - dozen observer into the jungle . whump ! slade , thoroughly chew - upon , fall from above and land hard on top of a suv ! int . mercede Baron von drax look over he driver 's shoulder . the narco car ahead be fishtail , unable to make speed and hold the road with the front tire blow - von drax schnell ! schnell ! driver it 's in we way ! 115 . von drax then push it out of the way ! the Driver mash the gas pedal - logging road the vehicle blast towards we , the mercede catch the tail of the narco car and wham ! knock it sideways to head - on against a roadside tree ! one narco fly over we through the windshield and the mercede blow by . Achilles peel off to attack the remain narco as they stagger out of the wreck and spartacus continue after the Baron 's ride - int . mercede the Baron be terrify - von drax we do not stop at the village , we go straight to the helicopter ! thump ! something heavy rock the car from above - von drax be iss loess ? crunch ! claw punch through the roof above the driver 's head ! rip ! the roof be pull open like the lid of a sardine can ! the Driver lose control , the mercede slew sideways and smash ! come to rest on its side in the tree ! Baron von drax climb out of the totalled mercede over the dead body of the Driver - he stand , turn -- spartacus tower over he , roaring - von drax nein ! nein ! du bist mein kind ! but spartacus be not move by this profession of kinship and impale von drax with a thrust of he sickle - claw ! sherman sherman , one lens knock out of he glass and bleed from the scalp , clumsily but hastily climb a tree - 116 . convoy smashed and upend vehicle litter the log road . quiet now . Maya crawl out from under 4 trash humvee , right into the leg of - - Joyce . claw -mark and blood on he chest , pistol in he hand , still a little stunne - joyce they do not stop . no insulin , no adrenaline - maya willpower . Joyce turn he attention to she , point he pistol - joyce they will be back , you know . maya probably . joyce no reason to think they will not kill you , too . maya no reason . he bring the pistol very close , aim right between she eye - joyce I will save they the trouble - whooomp ! Nick fly out of nowhere , tackle Joyce , and blam ! the pistol go off as they hit the ground ! they roll , trading punch , struggle to strangle each other , the pistol leave on the ground - Joyce kick Nick off he , roll to he knee , look about - the halberd von drax give to the Colonel lie on the ground just beside he ! Joyce come up with the halberd and swish ! swish ! swing it expertly , tauntingly at Nick , back he up toward the tree - — 117 . joyce I be wrong about you , Nick . tf think you be smart . I think they no baked all the idealism out of you skull in that pow camp . swish ! he take a mighty swing , wick just able to duck under it - Maya pounce on the discard pistol , aim , pull the trigger - out of ammo . Joyce swing , slice Nick across the shoulder , Nick back up warily , bleeding — joyce how do you do it , Nick ? how do you sabotage this ? nick they do it on they own . they watch and wait - Joyce make a rush and Nick fall backwards over a root . he be helpless at Joyce 's foot , Joyce with the halberd raise over he head like a woodsman about to chop - joyce they be animal , Nick . throw they a bone and they will do what you want — he hear a metal SOUND as something behind he step on car debris , whirl and thunk ! bury the halberd blade into the armored chest of Achilles , totter above he ! Achilles roar , grab the halberd shaft and yank it out of he armor . he drop it and lunge for Joyce ! Nick scramble away on he hand and knee as we hear Joyce scream as he 's tear to bit - Achilles drop Joyce 's body to the ground , turn to step toward Nick - maya Achilles , no ! stop . blood be pump out of the wound in the raptor 's neck , he eye swim in and out of focus , he blood sugar all use up . he turn to look at Maya , tilting he head , try to understand - he take another step then fall like tall timber - maya Nick ! Maya start toward he but be cut off by casper , the spitter darting in front of she , hissing and displaying - nick do not move ! spartacus and the other come out of the tree , ringing around they . spartacus sniff Maya 's body and face , Maya stand absolutely still , look he in the eye - he step away , roll Achilles 's body over with he foot , sniff it , then Nick - and then straighten . he trumpet in triumph and trot off into the tree , the rest of the squad follow ! Maya run to Nick , who be examine he bleed shoulder - maya be you all right ? nick first time I have be wounded with a fifteenth century weapon . how far you think they will get without insulin ? Maya look into the jungle where the raptor disappear - maya hard to say . he put he arm over she shoulder and they walk away from we , back down the log road 's toward the village - maya so where be the embryos ? the real one ? nick my deal be with John hammond . what he do with they -- well , let 's hope it turn out better than the last time . 119 . sherman —- tree dusk be start to fall . bird call , insect hum . sherman gecide it might be all clear - sherman ( call below ) anybody leave down there ? hello ? no answer . there be @ flapping SOUND , 4 shadow pass over sherman - he look up just as 4 huge pterosaur land in the tree opposite he - sherman you be not suppose to be here . another pterosaur flap down and settles into a even closer branch . then another . all three stare at sherman . he start to cautiously climb down - sherman right . I all just be go n- scraaawwwwwwk ! the first pterosaur let out a bone-chill noise , tiny row of sharp tooth reveal as it open its beak ! sherman freeze - sherman listen , there 's a lot of body just lie around down there --- Dead meat - num - num - num - the first pterosaur spread its wing , open its razor - toothe beak and step along the branch toward sherman - sherman Nice birdy ? berial shot - jungle canopy High above the jungle canopy , we hear a human scream and the screech of pterosaurs ! credit roll .