Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. just mercy write by 08/31/18 09/14/18 10/08/18 10/17/18 10/23/18 04/25/19 ( Green ) ( goldenrod ) ( buff ) ( salmon ) ( cherry ) ( Tan add 'l photog ) destin Daniel cretton & Andrew lanham base on the book by bryan stevenson this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . kiki Tree picture , Inc. 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 full yellow August 29 , 2018 '' 2018 warner bros . ent . all rights reserved just mercy - full yellow 1 . fade in : ext . estate ( alabama ) - day superimpose : JUNE 7 , 1987 3 shot -- looking up at a grove of pine tree , leave and limb sway in the breeze , backdrop by the Alabama sky . a lead weight tie to the end of a cord float into the air , wrap around a high limb . reveal : walter '' johnny D '' mcmillian ( 40s , black ) as he pull on the cord to lift the rope up to the top of the tree . closeup on the rope as he expertly tie a bowline knot and pull it up to the treetop . he hand the excess rope to he employee ( 30 , black ) . walter let 's lay it down right here . he look up at the tree once more , respectfully . then -- closeup - a chainsaw cut a notch into the side he want the tree to fall . then he saws through from the other side . the tree fall , crashing to the ground . walter click off he see and look up , take a moment to watch the tree dance in the wind . he take a deep breath -- at peace . then look over to he employee -- walter alright , let 's chop and load ! ext . estate ( alabama ) / walter 's truck - later walter chain down a load of log in the back of he work truck , park beside he personal lowrider truck . he hop off the back , look at he employee . walter meet you at the yard . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 2 . continued : as he employee start the truck , walter look at the house to see mr. abney ( 5as , white ) cooking something on a bbq . walter okay , Mr. abney ! gimme a call if you need anything else clear out ! Mr. abney give he a nod , nothing more . but walter do not let this damper he mood . ext ./ int . country road ( alabama ) / walter 's truck - afternoon Alabama farmland . two JOHN deere cotton picker move through a field as walter 's truck and trailer drive down the road . inside the truck walter bob he head to music , hand out the window , wind float through finger -- free as a bird . ext . country road ( alabama ) / roadblock - day he notice something up ahead , slow to a stop to see -- seven police car block the road with 14 officer , gun draw and aim at he . he turn down the music . fear ripple through he as -- sheriff tate ( late 30 , white ) approach the truck , unsettle ease in he step . walter show both hand as tate reach the window . walter afternoon , sir , need to see my license ? sheriff tate oh , no , that will not be necessary . tate seem almost friendly as he look at the trailer of log , then over the truck , brand new rim on the wheel . sheriff tate Nice truck . this rim look expensive . ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 3 . continued : walter oh , they be not much . get ‘em from a junkyard . sheriff tate ( nod ; subtle beat ) who you workin’ for ? walter run my own pulpin’ business . ( try to keep it light ) if y’all need any tree clear , happy to help you out . walter smile , but it 's like tate do not even hear he . sheriff tate no boss to check in with , huh ? must be real nice . free to roam wherever you want in you fancy truck . walter ( beat ; force laugh ) not if my wife get somethin’ to say ' bout it . sheriff tate I hear that be not stop you before . ( off walter 's stare ) ai not that right , johnny D ? walter lock eye with he -- how do he know he name ? he look out the windshield to see 3 officer approach with gun aim at he head . tate lean in close . sheriff tate wanna make a run for it ? ' Cause after what you do , I have welcome a reason to do this right now . walter Sir , y’all must be confusin’ I with someone . I do not know what you think I do , but I be jus 's -- tate abruptly throw open the door , grab he by the neck , violently pull he outside and slam he on the hood . camera pivot , pushing in on he confusion and pain , frame by metal and sky as we -- CUT to : just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 4. monroe county newscast ( during open credit ) : -- a local montgomery reporter speak to camera outside a bustling courthouse -- news reporter we know monroeville as the peaceful town where harper Lee write to kill a mockingbird . but last year , that peace be shattered by a brutal crime ... -- a photo of ronda morrison ( 18 , white , girl next door ) display beside he . news reporter on the 1st of November , 18 - year - old ronda morrison be find dead at Jackson cleaner , where she work as a part- time clerk . morrison have be strangle and shot by walter mcmillian , know locally as ' johnny D . 's -- a mug shot of walter '' johnny D '' mcmillian -- -- sheriff tate be interview on camera -- sheriff tate he 's get a history of sexual misconduct among other thing , so it do not surprise I he have do something like this . guy like that do not stop unless you make ‘em . news reporter after a trial that last a day and a half , mcmillian be convict by a jury who recommend a life sentence . -- judge ROBERT E. lee key ( 60 , white ) enter the courthouse . news reporter ( v.o . ) but today , judge Robert E. Lee Key overrode they decision and sentence mcmillian to death . -- ann davis ( 40s ) speak through tear , overwhelm . ( continued ) % + h hk + h HH hf * * + HH HH +e * hf + eh * just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 4a. continued : ann davis she be always crackin’ joke , goin 's out of she way to make you smile ... ( get emotional ) how can anyone kill a girl like that ? david WALKER we be grateful to sheriff tate and law enforcement for never givin’ up . we will not get ronda back , but least that bastard will not be able to do it again . -- the day of walter' arrest . 2 officer and sheriff tate drag a stunne walter past the cameras toward the jail . ( note : this could be a photo . ) news reporter after almost a year of search , law enforcement arrest mcmillian due to the eyewitness testimony of Ralph myer , who be at the scene when mcmillian pull the trigger . -- the day of walter 's trial . ralph myer ( 40s , white ) shuffles to the court in a prison jumpsuit . ( note : this could be a photo . ) -- walter' pulled out of the courthouse and throw into the back of a transport van in cuff . a group of reporter and townspeople ( black and white ) surround . sheriff tate we promise this community we would find ' im and that 's what we do . you do a crime like this in my town , one way or another , you gonna pay for it . news reporter ( v.o. ) as mcmillian await execution at holman correctional facility , a grieve community can take some solace in know that today , justice have finally be serve . the door slam shut on walter , the newscast fade , replace by as we push into a closeup that -- match CUT to : omitted + HH HH + fhf HH HH HH HH hf % +e % + h hk + h hk % just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 4b . int . georgia state prison - visitation room - day frame through the plexiglas of a metal door , bryan stevenson ( early - 20 ) , eye that never stop think , stand nervously in a old suit as a guard open the door . he hesitates before enter the 20 - foot room , stool bolt to the floor , metal mesh for wall . it 's obvious he 's not use to be in a place like this . as the door slam behind -- int . georgia state prison - visitation room - day ( twenty minute later ) bryan sit , stare at a use notebook , whispering he introduction to himself , prepare for what 's ahead . then -- chain clanging from outside the door , the haunting SOUND increase with he anxiety until -- clank ! the door open and a guard walk in with the prisoner , henry davis . he look about bryan 's age , black , and just as worried as he be . as bryan look at he , he avert he gaze . as the Guard unlocks he chain , bryan notice how weigh down Henry be -- handcuffs on he wrist , chain around he waist , shackle on he ankle . take off the last shackle , the Guard look up at bryan . guard you get one hour . the door clang shut behind the Guard . bryan take a breath . bryan hi , Mr. Davis . I be bryan . Henry finally glance at he , nod . henry Henry . bryan hesitates , nerve get the better of he before -- bryan I be here to , uh ... sorry . I mean ... ( more ) ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 5 . continued : bryan ( cont 'd ) I do not really have a lot of information to tell you right now . henry ( worried ) something wrong with my case ? bryan no , no . it 's fine . it 's , uh -- ( clear he throat ) the Southern prisoner Defense Committee send I to tell you that they do not have a lawyer for you yet , but they hope to soon . henry ( confuse ) you not a lawyer ? bryan uh , no ... I be still in school , I be just intern here for the summer . Henry do not hide he disappointment . henry so , you can not tell I nothin’ about my case ? bryan oh , um . I be suppose to tell you that ... you be not at risk of execution any time in the next year . Henry stare . bryan can not read he expression . Henry put he head down , let out a long exhale , speak without look up -- henry can you say that again ? bryan ( hesitant ) you be not at risk of execution any time in the next year . Henry take a breath , slowly nod to himself . when he finally look up , he have tear in he eye as he hold he hand out . henry best news I have hear in a long time . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 6. continued : ( 2 ) bryan grip he hand , surprised as he 's pull in for a hug . henry do not want my wife and the kid showin 's up if I have a execution date comin’ . now they can come visit . ( sincere ) thank you . bryan nod , more at ease . Henry look at he curiously . pre-lap : henry you the first person I meet in two year that be not a inmate or a guard . ( off bryan 's surprise ) how old be you ? bryan twenty -four . henry ( nod ) I , too . they laughter take we to -- int . georgia state prison - visitation room - day the two man sit , laughing , mid-conversation -- henry serious , my mar make I join we church choir when I be like four . I be lead baritone all through high school . bryan I use to play piano for my church back home . henry a.m.e .? ( off bryan 's nod ; playful ) God be good ... bryan ( play along ) all the time . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 7 . continued : that crack Henry up . they both know exactly what it 's like to grow up in a African Methodist Episcopal church . henry couple of a.m.e. choirboy hangin’ on death row . my mama 's gonna trip . ( beat ) so , what school you at ? bryan Harvard . henry ( shocked ) seriously ? you goin’ to Harvard ? that 's white - boy-status , bro . what the hell you doin’ slummin’ it in here for ? bryan smile , really consider before -- bryan I be in law school because I want to help people . but I have not really find the best way to do that yet . ( beat ; consider ) honestly , this internship have be my best experience so far . henry ( beat ; for real ? ) workin 's on death row be you best experience ? you need to get out more , bro . bryan and Henry share a playful smile as Henry grow somber . henry you mama must be real proud . ( look off ) that 's the hardest part , knowin’ all the shit I put she through . before bryan can respond -- clank . the Guard open the door , angry . he stride up to Henry , roughly cuff he wrist behind he back . guard ( snarl to bryan ) you should have be do two hour ago . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 8 . continued : ( 2 ) bryan ( surprised ) I be sorry , sir , it be my fault . I do not realize the time . guard you be suppose to watch the clock . Henry wince in pain as the Guard squeezy he cuff and yank he to a stand position . bryan stand , more distress by this than Henry seem to be . bryan hey ! stop that ! he do not do anything ! guard you need to shut you mouth . henry ( off bryan 's shock ) it 's okay , bryan . ( beat ) do not worry ' bout I . just come back . the officer try to push he out , but Henry plant he foot , lean back , strong and dignify . he close he eye and begin to sing , he baritone voice strong and clear . henry I be press on , the upward way , / New height I be gain , every day -- the Guard stop push for a moment , throw off by the song . henry still praying as , I be onward bound , / Lord , plant my foot on higher ground . bryan stand freeze , Henry 's song stir something in he . the Guard resume shove Henry down the hall , but he do not stop singing , he voice echoing with he clanking chain -- ( continued ) aq just mercy - full yellow 9 . continued : ( 3 ) 8 henry ( 0.s. ) Lord lift I up , and let I stand , / by faith on Heaven 's tableland , / a higher plane , that I have find , / Lord , plant my foot on higher ground . bryan remain in the empty room , Henry 's charge to '' just come back '' ringing in he ear . ext . harvard law school - day ( establishing ) aaq int . harvard law school - classroom - day aq find bryan , one of four student of color in a class of 30 . betsy bartholet ( 40s , white ) lead the seminar . professor bartholet in the 1972 furman v. Georgia decision , the Supreme Court strike down the death penalty because of widespread racial bias . four year later , the Court uphold a new death penalty scheme in Gregg , unwilling to presume racial discrimination without evidence . this year , Warren mccleskey 's lawyer present evidence that the new death penalty be as racially biased as the old one . but they lose . why ? a law student ( 20 , white ) , entitle , do not raise he hand -- law student mccleskey do not get the death penalty because he be black , he get it because he kill a cop in cold blood . bryan exchange a look with another black student , they be use to this clown . Professor bartholet can see bryan 's wheel turn . professor bartholet bryan ? thought ? bryan would rather not engage , but he can not stop himself . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 10 . aq continued : aq bryan the baldus study they present prove that in Georgia , you be 11 time more likely to get the death penalty if the victim be white than if the victim be black , 22 time more likely if the defendant be black and the victim be white . every way you look at it , race be the great predictor of who get the death penalty . law student the reliability of that study be debatable . bryan glance at the Law Student , use to this type of classmate over the year . he do not hold back -- bryan over 2000 murder case subject to 230 nonracial variable . it be reliable enough for the Supreme Court to accept . law student but they still reject the argument . bryan because they be afraid of try to fix something they believe be unfixable . and they be wrong . ( beat ) in he dissent , justice brennan ridicule the ruling as 'a fear of too much justice . 's law student I think they be just be realistic . a certain amount of bias in we judicial system be inevitable . it 's just a hard truth we have to learn to live with . this triggers a fire in bryan unseen before . bryan live with ? the whole point be that some of we do not have that luxury . bryan take a beat . all eye on he now as -- ( continued ) aq just mercy - full yellow will . continued : ( 2 ) bryan I grow up in a racially segregated community in delaware , where black kid be not allow to go to public school . but in Brown vs. board of Education , the court do not say segregation be inevitable , they say it be unconstitutional . they force the country to open up the school , and that 's the only reason I be in this classroom . that 's what the law can do when it 's use for justice . ( beat ) as long as the death penalty be administer on the basis of race or class , it 's as big a stain on we country as segregation or slavery . and I do not think it 's naive to believe we can do something to change it . law student well , five justice of the Supreme Court would disagree with you there . bryan stare at the Student , more determine despite the odd . christy ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) Mom 's still mad at you . int . / ext . bryan 's childhood home - morning bryan walk with he sister , christy ( 24 ) , carry box . bryan for what ? christy I do not know , maybe for rejecting all that job offer so you can be poor in Alabama . ( see Howard ) and howie tell she about that lynching in mobile do not help . howard JR . ( 28 ) take the box from christy and load it into bryan 's Honda Civic . ( continued ) aq 10 just mercy - full yellow 12 . continued : 9 bryan what ! howard jr. ( off bryan 's look ) I say it happen seven year ago ! christy ( sarcastic ) yeah , that make it better . bryan ( shake he head ) you guy be not help ... howard sr . ( 60 ) look out from the hood . howard sr . when be the last time you check you oil ? ( off bryan 's shrug ) I just add three quart , but you should check again when you get there . bryan thanks , dad . howard sr . you talk to you mom yet ? bryan ( look around ) where be she ? off they look -- ext . stevenson family home - back porch - moment later 10 bryan find Alice sweeping the porch . she do not look up . bryan what be you do , Mom ? ( off she sweeping ) you not gonna come say bye ? Alice sweep a few more time before finally give he a piece of she mind . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 13 . 10 continued : 10 alice I know you get you law degree now , and you think you be grow , but you be still my child , and I be the one that have to deal with you funeral arrangement if you get kill down there . bryan can not help but smile at the overreaction . bryan come on , Mom . alice you think this be funny ? if you can not see the danger in what you be do , then you should , ask Harvard for you money back , cause you use to be smarter than that . bryan choose not to respond , just look at she with care . Alice look away , sit down on the porch step . bryan follow she lead , sit beside she . alice howie tell I you be make fourteen thousand dollar a year ? bryan what do not he tell you ? alice you could have take any of that job offer in D.C. and be set for the rest of you life . bryan you know that 's not what I want to do . alice I do not want to work two job my whole life , either , but I do it so my child could get ahead , not so they could go make half of what I be make ten year ago . bryan you teach I not to care about money , to do what my heart tell I be right . alice ( grow emotional ) what about my heart ? ( more ) ( continued ) 10 11 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 10 alice ( cont 'd ) what about the fact that you be precious to I , and I be go to have to worry about you in way I have never have to before . what be I suppose to do with that ? the love between they be evident . bryan look down , choose he word carefully before speak with care . bryan that first time I visit death row , I never expect to meet someone the same age as I , who grow up on the same music , ina neighborhood just like ours . he could have be any of the guy from sussex County . ( beat ) I do not want to move so far away from you , either . but you teach I to fight for the people who need it most . that 's why I be go down there . I know I can help they . Alice look at he , see he passion , soften as -- alice I be very proud of you . ( let that sink in ) and I know you heart be in the right place , but it 's not that simple . what you be do be go to make a lot of people upset . ( look at he ; serious ) you better be careful . bryan ( nod ; sincere ) I will . bryan pull she into a hug . she put she head on he shoulder , enjoy a final moment with she son . ext. / int . highway ( alabama ) / bryan 's civic - day 11 bryan drive down the highway , lush grass and tall , stately pine on either side as music play on the radio . the back of he Civic be stack with box and book . he pass a large sign that read : '' welcome to alabama the beautiful . '' + HH hhh HH +e % 12 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 14~a. ext . alabama - drive snapshot - afternoon as music continue to play , bryan watch snapshot of Alabama float by he window -- ( continued ) 12 12 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 15 . continued : 12 -- 2 JOHN deere cotton picker drive through a field of cotton . -- a white man wax a new truck in the driveway of a classic middle - class home , 2 white kide play ina sprinkler . -- a black groundskeeper mow the lawn of a palatial home , wave to bryan as he pass . -- a baptist church , the sign out front spelling out the Alabama state motto : '' we dare defend our rights . '' ext . office build ( montgomery ) - day bryan 's brown Civic pull up to a old building in a decent part of town . int . hallway - moment later bryan walk down a hall , hear the fiery voice of eva ansley argue with bill FREEMAN ( 5as , white ) . eva ( 0.s. ) be you kiddin’ I ? this be complete hogshit and you know it . we have a agreement to rent this space for the next two year . you say it be a do deal . bryan turn the corner , see Eva with the owner , she son CHRIS ( 6 ) beside she , play with a transformer toy . bill that be before I know what you be do here . eva we be give poor people they constitutional right to counsel , Bill ! you wanna explain to my son what the hell you think be wrong with that ? bryan interrupt gently , try to ease the tension . bryan hey , Eva ... ( continued ) he hhh ok + fh fh HH ff * * just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) continued : eva ( turn to bryan ) bryan , thank God . ( to Bill ) this be the executive director of we organization , who just move here to work in the office you promise we . bill ( to Eva ) you say you be the director . eva director of operation , and you be make I look really bad in front of my boss right now . bill ( to bryan ) she tell I you be a lawyer , but nobody say it be for murderer on death row . bryan we be provide legal service to people who need help . bill and you will have to do it someplace else , ' cause I can not have people like that come around here . 15a . bryan take a breath . he 's use to people judge he client like this . bryan not everyone be in there for good reason . bill they be lock up for something , and I do not want that something in my building . sorry , but it be not up for discussion . eva they put Jesus on death row , Bill . he be not such a bad guy . ( alt line ) how ' bout you complete lack of integrity , Bill ? that up for discussion ? ( continued ) + h HH hf + fh hhh HH fh hhh hhh fh hk % +e * hf + HH HH 13 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 15b . continued : ( 2 ) bill ( sarcastic smile ) y'all have a good day now . the owner disappear into he office , leave they in the hall . Eva shake she head . eva ( under she breath ) what a piece of shit . ( to bryan ; serious ) this be not how I want to welcome you . i’11 find a office , I just have to change my tactic . bryan it will be find , we can work from anywhere . eva maybe Chris can clear some of he toy out of the live room for you ? bryan ( to Chris ) oh , yeah ? CHRIS i’1l think about it . Eva and bryan laugh . she hug he as they walk away . eva sorry for cussing , baby . CHRIS it 's okay . eva he be a piece of shit , though . ext . bryan 's civic / landlord 's house - afternoon 13 bryan get out of he car , in front of a old , mid-size house . he look around , notice a white woman stare from she porch . he wave . she go inside , suspicious . honk , honk ! he turn to see a bronco zipping toward he , the driver wave as she pull to a stop beside he . this be eva ansley ( 30 ) , a true Southern firebrand . eva welcome to Alabama ! ( continued ) % * + HH HH + hf hf % just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 15c . 13 continued : 13 bryan hey , eva. eva be I late ? bryan I just get here . she jump out of the truck , she son CHRIS ( 6 ) right behind . she surprise he with a big hug , a bit much for they first meeting but he go along with it . as she step back -- eva this be my son , Chris . bryan hey , Chris . eva ( to Chris ) say hi to Mr. stevenson . Chris bury he face in Eva 's hip , too shy to respond . ( continued ) 13 14 just mercy - full yellow 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 bryan it 's okay . I get shy , too . Eva smile , appreciate bryan 's gesture . eva what can we carry ? ext . bryan 's civic / landlord 's house - afternoon ( moment 14 later ) Eva , Chris , and bryan grab box from the back of he car and walk to the front door . bryan thanks for all you help get thing set up . eva I be so piss I still have not find a office . I be hope to have one by the time you get here , but I just get we third rejection this week . I swear someone at the state department be try to shut we down before we even get start . bryan we can work from home till we fund come in . I should have we match requirement for the federal grant soon . eva as soon as that clear , I will find we a office if I have to break someone 's kneecap . ( to Chris ) just kid , baby . they reach the front door . before bryan even have a chance to knock , the door open to reveal mrs . franklin ( 5as , white ) , a deceivingly kind face , look at bryan , seem confuse . bryan Mrs. Franklin ? mrs . franklin yes ? bryan I be bryan , we speak on the phone about you cottage for rent ? ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 17 . 14 continued : 14 mrs . franklin ( beat ) you be the lawyer from Harvard ? bryan yes , mar ’am . off she silence , bryan smile , try to keep it friendly . bryan uh , this be my friend Eva and Chris , here to help I move in . eva good to meet you , mar ’am . mrs . franklin ( nod ; then ) gimme a sec . she head inside , close the door . Eva smile at bryan . eva ( sarcastic ) she seem like a lovely woman . the door open . it 's mr. franklin , send to deal with the problem . he look from bryan to Eva , address she as -- mr . franklin I be sorry , but we be not rent the place anymore . bryan ( get he attention ) I speak to you wife three time last week . we have a agreement to -- mr . franklin I be not disputin’ that . I be just sayin 's it be not for rent no more . sorry for the confusion . before bryan can respond , he shut the door . with that , he close the door . bryan exchange a look with Eva of share frustration . eva what a piece a shit . ( continued ) 14 15 just mercy - full yellow 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 bryan ( sarcastic ) maybe I should have send they a photo . eva we should sue ‘em for housing discrimination . bryan ( as he turn ) I think we have enough on we plate right now . Eva grab Chris 's hand as they walk back , look to bryan . eva you will stay with we as long as you need . daddy 's cookin’ chicken tonight , and Chris be gonna help peel some potato . ( hug Chris ) sorry for cussing , baby . bryan can not help but smile , a closeness here already as they head to they car . eva ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) I be write a paper on capital punishment when I meet my first death row inmate , Wayne ritter . int . eva' house - dine room - evening 15 Chris build some lincoln log on the couch as bryan sit at the table with Eva and doug ( 30 ) , almost do with dinner . wine for Eva and Doug , water for bryan . Eva have the floor : eva he and he friend rob a pawnshop in mobile . his friend shot the owner and they both get death . ( beat ) when he sit down across from I , I be pissin 's myself , I be so scared . first thing he do be fold he arm across he chest and ask I why he belt get arrest . ( more ) ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 10/8/18 ( buff ) 19 . 15 continued : 15 eva ( cont 'd ) ( off bryan 's confusion ) then he just stare at I for like twenty second ... doug that get longer every time she tell this story . eva ( slap Doug playfully ) then , he lean forward and say , my belt get arrest because it hold up a pair of pants . bryan and Doug laugh as Eva nod , this really happen . eva we be instant friend . ( somber beat ) the night he be execute , he ask I to throw he a party and play ' bear to be Wild 's on repeat . Eva smile at the irony , get a little emotional . Doug rub she back with care . doug it be a awful party . bryan be he the reason you get into this ? eva ( nod ) his attorney be openly in favor of the death penalty because he think mad dog ought to die . everyone on the row either have shitty representation or none at all . so I just start call every law firm in the yellow page to find people to help . I be average about twenty rejection a day . doug she be pretty stress out . ( continued ) * 15 16 al7 b17 c17 just mercy - Rev. 10/8/18 ( buff ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 eva ( nod ; to bryan ) I be just about to give up , when I get a call from this Harvard lawyer say he just pass the Alabama bar and be plan to start a legal center for death row inmate . I be in before you even offer I the job . bryan and before you find out I could not pay you anything . eva I have not tell Doug that part yet . doug ( playful ) well , if we be not gettin’ rich off this venture of yours , I be out . off they laugh , Chris come over and crawl into Eva 's lap . eva you tired , baby ? ( off he nod ) let 's get you to bed . omitted 16 int . eva' house - live room - early morning al7 digital clock read 4:12 am . bryan be already up , in he run clothes , do push -up on the floor . ext . alabama supreme court - dawn b17 bryan run by the courthouse . ( various shot in this area . ) ext . alabama river - dawn c17 bryan run along the river . + eh 17 just mercy - Rev. 10/8/18 ( buff ) 20a . int . / ext . bryan 's civic / road to holman prison - day 17 bryan drive down a long country road . ready , but tense as -- he drive past 25 prisoner swinging hoe and sickle to cut the grass as 2 guard on horseback watch over they . the snapshot of slavery give he chill . a18 18 19 20 just mercy - full yellow 21 . int . / ext . bryan 's civic / holman prison - day bryan drive -- a break in the tree , holman correctional facility . a vast , impose structure of concrete and steel . omitted ext . holman prison - day bryan 's Civic pull into the parking lot . he get out , straighten he jacket , and head inside , determine . int . holman prison - check - in - moment later bryan 's first time in the massive prison complex . he wait as jeremy ( early 30 , white ) , a muscular , heavily - tattooe guard , look at he i.d. , sign he in . bryan notice the confederate flag tattooe on he forearm . Jeremy 's supervisor ( 5as , white ) do not look up from he auto magazine . bryan I schedule meeting with six client today . jeremy I be not see you before . bryan ( calmly ) I just move here . Jeremy suck at he tooth , stare at the i.d. again . jeremy you really a lawyer ? bryan ( be he really ask ? ) yes . Jeremy look he up and down , suspicious . jeremy gonna have to search you ... go in that room and take everything off . ( continued ) a18 18 19 20 20 21 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 22 . continued : 20 bryan ( beat ; shocked ) attorney be not strip - searched for legal visit . jeremy you be not gonna visit shit unless you get in that room and strip . bryan stare at Jeremy , then to he supervisor , who still have not look up from he magazine . jeremy let 's go . bryan hesitates , want to argue , but quickly realize he have no other choice . int . holman prison - bathroom - moment later 21 bryan stand shirtless as Jeremy feel through he jacket before toss it on the table . jeremy pant and underwear . bryan look at he a beat before stripping the rest off and hand it to he . Jeremy feel through he pants , then -- jeremy Bend over and spread . bryan do not move . this be as far as he go . Jeremy decide it 's not worth the battle . after a beat , he toss bryan 's pants on the table . let he off the hook . jeremy you be clear . he turn and walk out the door . bryan take a moment to let he adrenaline settle , the humiliation evident on he face . he close he eye , catch he breath . when he open they , enough strength have return to grab he clothes . pant -- shirt -- tie . then finally , he jacket . each layer rebuild a piece of he dignity until -- ( continued ) 21 22 just mercy - full yellow 23 . continued : 21 he straighten he tie , pull he shoulder back , put on he game face , and walk out the door as -- herbert ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) I f-f-fought in nam , F - first cavalry division ... int . holman prison - visiting room - later 22 bryan sit at a table in a bare room . across from he sit herbert richardson ( mid -40s ) . a small , introverted black man , with a stutter and nervous tick . herbert saw a lot of friend d-d- die . Doctor say I get the ptsd . Herbert 's stutter surface when he speak of something upsetting . bryan take note as Herbert look off . herbert I do what they say I do . I p- put that bomb on she porch . ( regretful ) I know it d-d - do not make sense , b- but I be not mean to kill nobody . bryan look at he compassionately . take he at he word . bryan I believe you . Herbert take that in , have not hear that word in a while . herbert I think they gonna s-s - set my execution soon . last lawyer say there be not nothin’ leave to do . bryan see the fear in Herbert 's eye . speak gently -- bryan there 's always something we can do . ( deep care and sincerity ) whatever you have do , you life be still meaningful , and I be go to do everything possible to keep they from take it . ( continued ) 22 23 24 just mercy - full yellow 24 . continued : 22 Herbert can barely believe he ear . off he nod -- bryan can you tell I more about what happen ? a short montage 23 the day pass by --— -- bryan 's coat be on the chair behind he now , try to keep up , take down note as he listen to another black prisoner , once again across the table . then -- -- two more prisoner , one hispanic , one white . short jump cut . similar frame . share they storey , bit of dialogue cut to form a single story of a unfair system -- prisoner met my lawyer one time .../ swear he on somethin’ , do not even know my name .../ all white jury .../ told I plead guilty or get the chair , so I say I be guilty .../ judge overturn my life sentence and give I death , anyway ! through it all , bryan listen , take note until -- clang ! bryan look up , a pad fill with note , the next file on the table . the end of a very long day as -- end montage . int . holman prison - visiting room - day 24 a guard usher in walter mcmillian , tired and wear from the last year and a half in prison . bryan stand , feel walter 's eye on he as the guard leave . walter 's face betray no judgement . walter where 's the lawyer ? bryan um , that would be I . ( beat ) I be bryan stevenson , it 's good to meet you , Mr. mcmillian . ( continued ) 24 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 25 . continued : 24 walter ( shake he head ) you look young as my son . walter take a seat , exhaust , drain of hope . bryan can sense it as walter speak without look at he . walter my last lawyer sit right where you sittin’ and tell I everything 's gonna be okay . then I be sentence to death , my family run out of money , and he go . ( look at he ) what you go do different ? bryan scramble , look at the open file . bryan well , uh ... first thing we can do be appeal for a re-trial -- walter we already do that and it be deny . bryan find he foot , he schooling kick in . bryan okay , we can file for a reconsideration on that ... then a direct appeal to the Court of criminal appeal , and work we way up to the State Supreme Court . if we be deny there , we can file a rule 32 , then a federal habea petition , and if all that fail , we will take you case to the Supreme Court . walter look at he , unconvince . walter you be not get no idea what you gettin’ into here . ( off he silence ) you think they big word be gonna get you somewhere in Alabama ? this guy be gonna eat you up and spit you out like they do every other black man ever step outta line . nobody here like a nigger in a suit , unless it 's one of this . ( more ) ( continued ) * + eh just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 26 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 walter ( cont 'd ) ( pinch he jumpsuit ) ' Cause soon as you start you own business , and that business make some money , or you make friend with people they do not want you makin 's friend with , they go find a way to take you down . bryan I understand how hard that must be . boom ! walter hit the table , emotional as he shake he head . walter no , you do not . Rich boy from Harvard do not know how we live here , where you guilty from the moment you bear . you can smile and make they like you all you want , yes , sir , yes , mar ’am , but when it 's you turn , it do not matter they be not get no fingerprint , no evidence , that they only witness make the whole thing up . none of that matter when all y'all thinkin’ be he look like a man that could kill somebody . bryan that 's not what I think . walter stare , emotion brewing . walter maybe not . maybe you and the one brother they let on my jury be just relieved this be not you . ( intense beat ) you know how many people be freed from Alabama death row ? bryan know the answer , but can not bring himself to say it . walter say it for he . walter none ... thing be the way they be here , and you sure as hell be not gonna be the one to change that . walter let that sink in , then shake he head as he stand -- ( continued ) 24 25 just mercy - full yellow 27 . continued : ( 3 ) 24 walter I be not doin’ this shit again . bryan Mr. mcmillian . walter ( bang on the window ) guard ! we do here ! bryan ( stand ) Mr. mcmillian , please . I have make no assumption about you or anything you have do . I be here to help . walter see the passion in bryan 's eye , but as the guard open the door , he turn and walk out of the room . bryan be leave in shock , try to process everything that just happen . int . death row / walter 's cell - later 25 the guard lead walter down a long row of 18 cell , a second row above . a cacophony of noise wash over they -- radios and tvs at full blast , the deafen chorus of inmate talking and shout , a voice scream nonsense upstairs . they stop at walter 's cell . a steel - mesh door cover the bar . the door slide open as walter step -- inside a 5 '- by - 8 's cage with a small cot and toilet . the door clang shut . walter look up at the concrete wall close in . herbert ( 0.s. ) johnny d! johnny D , you there ! walter walk to he door . from outside he cell , we see he through the door slot , then pan over to see Herbert shouting through he slot . herbert johnny d! intercut between : ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 28 . 25 continued : 25 three cell in a row walter' the CENTER . walter what 's up , herb ?! herbert be Ray there ?! walter bang on the other end of he door with a metal cup . walter Ray ! in the next cell , ANTHONY '' ray '' hinton ( 20 , black ) lie on he bed with he eye close . ANTHONY unavailable at the moment ! walter where you at ? ANTHONY Buckingham Palace , have tea with the Queen . she 's a very nice lady . let you know when we do . walter smile and shake he head . herbert what do you think of the lawyer ? walter I think he 's a kid makin 's a lot of promise he can not keep . he in way over he damn head . herbert oh ... I think he seem nice . Anthony open he eye , do with he mindful escape . ANTHONY what you want a nice lawyer for ? Nice be not gonna get you shit ! look at johnny D , he nice as a puppy and he in here with we ! walter can not help but smile , all of they in it together . ( continued ) 25 26 a27 27-31 a32 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 walter do not know you think of I like that , Ray . ANTHONY I mean , you be not nice as La toya Jackson , but for a ol 's man on the row , you a’ight . herbert think you say I be the old man . ANTHONY johnny D 's old , you ancient ! as they all laugh , a loud moan from a cell downstairs . ANTHONY yo , herb , turn up that radio ! walter remain sit on the floor , turn he interaction with bryan over in he mind as music take we to -- omitted 26 int . / ext . bryan 's car / holman parking lot - later a27 bryan get into he car and toss he stack of file onto the passenger seat . he look up at the tower prison , walter 's word ringing in he head . he look back at the file , open the one on top , with a mug shot of walter mcmillian . something about this man be draw he to look closer -- omitted 27-31 int . eva' house - live room - night a32 bryan sit on the ground in the live room , illuminate by a single lamp . the couch make up for a bed . spread out in front of he be 4 volume of transcript and a folder full of record from walter mcmillian 's case . insert closeup document 1 -- '' walter ' johnny d' mcmillian case no . # # # # # . '' insert closeup document 2 -- '' Ralph myer -- quote from testimony ... '' ( continued ) a32 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 29a . continued : a32 insert closeup document 3 -- '' jury -- 11 white , 1 black '' ( note : this could be bryan 's own note , or something he read ... maybe news clipping ? ) insert closeup document 4 -- newspaper clipping -- '' sentence to death . '' insert closeup document 5 -- '' Trial move from Monroe County to baldwin County '' ( newspaper headline ) . insert closeup document 6 -- bryan write a note about the population ... '' Trial move from : Monroe County : 40 % black , to baldwin County : 9 % black . '' he jot note into a legal pad as he read . b32 c32 32 just mercy - full yellow 30 . int . eva' house - live room - early morning b32 Eva walk through the live room , step over papers scattered across the floor as she enter the -- int . dine room c32 reveal : bryan at the table , surround by papers , bloodshot eye , a mad scientist in the middle of he work . eva ( sarcastic ) you look rest . bryan look up , exhaust but still energize . bryan I do not think mcmillian do it . int . eva' house - dine room - later 32 bryan at the table with a almost - empty box , papers sprawle around . Eva sit beside he , drink coffee . bryan they have no motive , no physical evidence , no corroborate circumstance . the State base its entire case on the testimony of one man . Ralph myer . bryan hand she a photograph of ralph myer ( 40s ) , a frail , white man with burn scar across half he face and neck . bryan he 's be in and out of prison most he life . when he testify , he be on trial for a different murder , which he end up get thirty year for . eva sound like a pretty good deal . bryan nod as he flip through a transcript , full of note . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 31 . 32 continued : 32 bryan in he statement , he say johnny D approach he at a gas station and force he at gunpoint to drive to Jackson cleaner because he arm be hurt . eva ( sarcastic ) that seem logical . bryan when they get there , johnny D tell he to wait in the truck while he go inside . then , while he wait for he kidnapper , instead of run , or go to the police , he drive to a liquor store for cigarettes , and then come back to the crime scene . eva seriously ? bryan then he hear gunshot , go inside , and see the body of ronda morrison lie face - up on the floor and johnny D stand over she with some older white man who he claim be the one ' in charge . 's eva and where 's that guy ? anyone look for he ? bryan shake he head -- exactly . nothing make sense . he grab another paper . bryan they have one other witness to back he testimony , a young black man name Bill hook . say he see johnny D 's lowrider truck leave the cleaner around the time of the murder . that 's it . Eva lay out photo of ronda morrison , Ralph myer , and mcmillian as she try to wrap she mind around it . ( continued ) 32 33 34 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 eva so , a eighteen - year - old white girl be murder in broad daylight and the sheriff can not solve the crime for how long ? bryan almost a year . eva ( look at Ralph 's photo ) then some guy charge with a different murder say he can tell they who do it if they give hima lower sentence . and the guy who do it happen to be a black man from a poor community that no one would think twice about . both can feel the energy here . something be horribly wrong with this conviction . bryan look in the now empty box . bryan there 's gotta be more than this . ( beat ; consider ) I want to set a meeting with the d.a. eva Tommy chapman just take over for pearson a few month ago . he use to be a public defender . bryan so maybe he 's not align with the rest of this guy ? eva ( beat ; consider ) let 's hope not . ext . monroeville - day 33 bryan 's Civic drive down a country road , pass a sign that read : '' welcome to monroeville , home of to kill a mockingbird . " int . monroe county courthouse - lobby - later 34 bryan sit in the small wait room , look to tracy ( 40s , white ) , the secretary . she smile warmly . ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 33 . 34 continued : 34 tracy you visit the mockingbird Museum yet ? bryan ( smile ) uh... no , mar ’‘am . tracy it 's the old courthouse harper Lee 's daddy use to work in . you can stand right where atticus finch once stand . bryan smile politely as tommy chapman ( 30 , white ) , round face and glass , walk out with a charming smile -- tommy Mr. stevenson ? Tommy chapman . ( they shake ) come on in . 35 int . tommy chapman 's office - a moment later 35 bryan follow Tommy into he modest office . tommy a lot of people be eager to meet you , Mr. stevenson . bryan ( surprised ) oh , yeah ? they both take a seat , Tommy 's desk between they . tommy Harvard lawyer movin’ to Alabama , takin 's on all this capital case . everyone 's wonder what you intention be . bryan smile politely , refuse to show any nerve . bryan we be just give legal assistance to people who can not afford it . ( continued ) 35 just mercy - full yellow continued : tommy ( beat ; then ) legal assistance be one thing , tryin' to put convict murderer back on the street be somethin’ else entirely . 34 . 35 a charge beat , size each other up until , Tommy smile -- tommy but I be sure you do not come all the way down here to talk about that . what can I do for you today , bryan ? bryan reach into he briefcase and pull out a file of transcript , with portion highlight . bryan I would like to talk about johnny D mcmillian . tommy you know I be not part of he prosecution , right ? that be before my time . bryan that 's why I want to meet you ... I have read through the record a few time now , and I have some serious doubt about the reliability of he conviction . ( hand transcript over ) if you could take a look at the section I highlight , you will see some obvious problem with Ralph myer 's testimony . a beat , as Tommy flip through the page . tommy this be one of the most outrageous crime in Monroe County history , and you client make a lot of people here very angry . bryan I understand that , but there be some serious problem with this case and I be hope I can get you support to find out what really happen . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 Tommy close the transcript and plop they on the desk . tommy but I already know what happen . johnny D mcmillian be convict by a jury of brutally murdering a teenage girl in my community . and it 's my job to defend the integrity of that conviction . bryan sit back , be hope for a different response . bryan even if it be base on false testimony ? tommy you be the only one I know who think that . bryan then I must be the only one who read the record because it 's pretty obvious . Tommy stare at he , do not like the implication . tommy that man cause a lot of pain for folk ' round here , and if you start diggin’ in that wound , you be gonna be makin 's a lot of people very unhappy . bryan hesitates -- be that a threat ? he recover -- bryan my job be not to make people happy , it 's to achieve justice for my client . Tommy smile , reach for a file and hand it to he . tommy Ralph myer 's two confession and a statement from Bill hook . bryan open it , flip through the three meager document . bryan I ask for copy of all the police and witness statement you have on the case . ( continued ) 35 a36 36 just mercy - full yellow 36 . continued : ( 3 ) 35 tommy and that 's what you be hold . bryan this be a joke . where 's the rest of it ? tommy that 's what 's relevant to mcmillian 's case . if you want more , you will need to file a discovery motion with the court , just like anybody else . with this , he stand -- meeting over . off bryan 's surprise -- tommy thanks for stop by , Mr. stevenson . bryan ( stand to face he ) you can expect that motion soon . tommy lookin 's forward to it . bryan reluctantly shake Tommy 's hand . as he turn to leave -- tommy you oughta check out we mockingbird Museum on you way out of town . one of the great civil rights landmark of the South . bryan bite he tongue , frustration building as he leave . ext . monroe county courthouse - back entrance - moment a36 later as bryan exit , he see sheriff tate direct a white deputy where to take a young black man in handcuffs . tate catch bryan 's eye as he pass . his cold stare make it clear that he 's not welcome here . int . eva 's house - kitchen - later 36 Eva spread peanut butter onto apple , talk on the phone . ( continued ) 36 37 38 just mercy - full yellow 37 . continued : 36 eva helping a black man convict of kill a white girl be political suicide in that county . I be sure he 's be remind of that by whoever give he he job . intercut with : ext . STREET ( monroeville ) - continuous action 37 bryan stand at a pay phone . bryan I honestly do not think he ever read the record . Eva take the plate of apple to the back door , hold the door open to see Chris and he friend play in the yard . eva do not surprise I . ( yell to the kid ) Chris ! Bobby ! come eat you snack ! the boy run over as Eva continue with bryan . bryan I be go to stop at Jackson cleaner before I see he family . eva okay . if I do not hear from you by morning , I will send a rescue party . bryan I hope that 's a joke . eva I , too. ( sincere ) just be careful , okay ? bryan nod , more aware by the moment of what he 's up against . ext . jackson cleaners - day 38 bryan walk up to the front door , chain up and close for business . he push he face to the glass , look inside . ( continued ) 38 39 40 just mercy - full yellow 38 . continued : 38 he step a few yard back , snap a photo . the weight of the tragic crime be evident in the sad storefront building . bryan turn to see a police car hover at the corner . the officer inside stare at he . after a beat , the car drive off . bryan understand -- they have they eye on he . ext./ int . backwood neighborhood / bryan 's civic - evening 39 snapshot of a black , backwood neighborhood -- -- a group of kide play touch football in a dirt lot . -- a group of men and women walk home from a factory . -- a old man and woman sit on they porch drink tea . inside bryan 's car -- bryan make he way through the town , pass a man mow he yard . this place be poor , but love clearly surround . bryan drive past a young black boy on a bike . they lock eye . the boy wave with a friendly smile . bryan smile back , a distant reminder of he own youth . ext . walter 's house - moment later 40 bryan pull to a stop in front of a old house , the yard fill with old car . six kide run around play tag as people stream inside . as bryan get out , he 's greet by minnie mcmillian ( 40s ) , strength beneath she small frame . minnie you the lawyer ? bryan yes , mar ’am , bryan stevenson . minnie I be johnny D 's wife , minnie . bryan so good to meet you . bryan go for a handshake but she give he a hug , a small gesture that immediately put he at ease . ( continued ) 40 4l just mercy - full yellow 39 . continued : 40 minnie thank you for drivin 's all the way out here . most lawyer barely get time to call . hope you do not mind , a few friend from the neighborhood show up to hear what you get to say . bryan look around , more car pull in behind he . bryan look like more than a few . he do not let the pressure faze he , smile warmly as -- int . walter' house - kitchen - moment later 4l bryan stand , pen and notepad ready . 30 family member and friend surround , everyone talking at the same time as bryan look at all they face , take they in -- young and old , generation side - by-side . minnie sit with she daughter , jackie ( 18 ) , wait for the meeting to begin . mrs . william ( 70 ) pour bryan a glass of sweet tea as evelyn ( 40s ) , walter 's sister , finally shout -- evelyn hey , now ! we be not gonna get nowhere with everybody quackin’ at the same time ! let Mr. stevenson talk ! bryan know how important this moment be . take a sip of he sweet tea to calm himself , look out at the now silent sea of face stare at he . bryan hi , everyone , good to meet you . um -- as he put the glass down , Mrs. Williams lean in , refill it to the brim . bryan smile , clear he throat . deep breath -- bryan I be sure you have a lot of question , and I will stay as long as it take to answer all of they . but it would really help I to hear from you all first , and understand you perspective on everything . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 40 . 4l continued : 4l evelyn we perspective be there be not no way johnny D do this crime . murmur of agreement wash throughout the room . evelyn the morning that girl be kill , we be all havin 's a fish fry here to raise money for the church . johnny D be with we , mornin’ to night , workin’ on he truck with John . bryan look to JOHN ( 20 ) , clearly carry the weight of he dad 's injustice , stand beside a 40 - year - old mechanic , jimmy , and darnell houston ( 20 ) , nervous , with a jheri curl . bryan you be with you dad that day ? JOHN we be up at six in the morning to get he truck on the rack . Jimmy be there , too . jimmy ( nod ) we have the transmission clean out by nine-thirty . evelyn now how 's he suppose to go kidnap some crazy white man all the way in Evergreen and then drive back to Jackson cleaner to kill that girl at 10:15 if he truck be not get no transmission ? and for what ? they say he steal thirty - five dollar . how stupid you gotta be to go through all that for thirty - five dollar ? voice of agreement throughout the room . bryan write note . bryan how many of you be here with walter that morning ? twenty - five hand go up . bryan can not hide he shock . minnie sit with quiet strength . when she speak , everyone listen . ( continued ) 4l just mercy - full yellow 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 41 minnie my husband could have never do this no kind of way , whether we be with he or not . he 's just not like that . murmur agree as bernard ( 5as ) , walter 's friend , speak . bernard everybody know they go after he ' cause of that woman . bryan look confuse -- what woman ? Bernard look to minnie , realize he screw up . bernard sorry , minnie . minnie it 's okay . it be not no secret . ( beat ) few month before the murder , johnny D get catch messin’ ' round with a white woman in town . when she husband find out , he make sure everybody know ' bout it . ( beat ; frustrated ) people start talkin’ , and the storey keep growin’ . he go from a cheat to a drug dealer to the head of the Dixie mafia . so when someone finally call he a killer , nobody think twice . uncle leo ( 70 ) , confine to a wheelchair but with the voice of a leader , speak up . uncle leo they can call it what they want , but we all know this be just another way to lynch a black man . a handful of voice agree . then -- minnie there be not no excuse for what my husband do to I and this family . damn fool hurt I bad . ( beat ; strong ) but he 's still the daddy of my kid . ( more ) ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 42 . 41 continued : ( 3 ) 41 minnie ( cont 'd ) and I really do not know what I be s'pose to tell they about stayin 's out of trouble when you can be at you own house , mind you own business , surround by you entire family , and they still go and put some murder on you . murmur of agreement as bryan gather he thought . jackie it 's not just dad , we feel like they put we all on death row , too . more shout of agreement . once they settle -- bryan I can only imagine how painful this be for all of you . I be go to do everything I can to -- JOHN ( cut he off ) the last lawyer be talkin’ big , jus 's like you , then take all we money and split . why you different ? bryan take a beat , respects John 's sense of distrust . bryan well , first , we organization cover all legal expense . so none of you will have to pay a penny . John 's surprised , but still doubtful . bryan press on -- bryan if you ask I to put my dad 's life in the hand of some young lawyer from out of town , I would be worried , too . you really love he . and I do not take that lightly . ( as John soften ) I be not here to take you money . I be here because I believe everyone in this room have the same right to justice as anyone else in this country . it 's clear to I that this trial be construct with lie . ( more ) ( continued ) 4l 42 just mercy - full yellow 43 . continued : ( 4 ) 41 bryan ( cont 'd ) and base on everything I have see , I think we can build a case to bring johnny D home , and I be not go to stop until I have do that . minnie exchange a look with John . she nod , then -- minnie well , you seem like good people to I , but he 's the one you gotta convince . bryan nod , know this be true . Evelyn smile big -- evelyn I do not know about the rest of you , but I be sell on , y’all will not pay a penny . everyone laugh as Mrs. Williams top off bryan 's tea . ext . walter' house - porch - later 42 bryan stand at the door , shaking hand and hugging people . uncle Leo roll up , give he a firm handshake . uncle leo they gonna try to stop you any way they can . you stay strong , son . bryan be take aback by this . before he can respond , Leo move on , help down the stair by two strong men . then John step forward with he friend darnell . JOHN hey , Mr. stevenson . bryan please , John , call I bryan . JOHN oh , okay , um ... this be my friend , darnell . he want to talk to you ' bout somethin’ . bryan notice how nervous darnell seem . a beat before darnell look at John , who give a encourage nod . then -- darnell I think I can prove he 's innocent . 43 just mercy - full yellow 44 , int . walter 's house - live room - later 43 bryan take note beside darnell and John . walter 's immediate family crowd around , Jackie among they . JOHN you hear of Bill hook , right ? bryan he testify that he see johnny D 's truck at the cleaner that morning . darnell Bill do not see shit . he make the whole thing up . bryan how do you know ? darnell ' Cause I be with he . we be workin’ at the shop together . bryan the morning of the murder ? darnell yes , sir . we be change the head gasket on a camaro from eight in the morning till we close after lunch . he be right next to I when they siren be goin 's off . bryan why would hook lie ? JOHN ' Cause the snitch cut a deal with the cop . they have ' im lock up for burglary , and the day he give he statement , they let ' im out , all charge drop . bryan look at darnell , steady and calm as -- bryan would you be willing to sign a statement that we could use in court ? darnell think long and hard . fear seep in as -- darnell the police would see my name ? ( continued ) 43 44 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 45 . continued : 43 bryan it would be in the record . darnell look at John and walter 's family , scared . bryan see he fear , empathize . a beat before -- bryan I know expose yourself like this be not easy . but with you testimony we can file a motion to reopen johnny D 's case . if we can prove Bill hook be lie , it might be he best chance . bryan 's word connect , but darnell still hesitates . minnie grab he hand , nod . darnell see what this mean to she . he look to John , then back at bryan . he slowly nod , willing to cooperate , hope he will not regret it . ext . eva 's porch - night 44 bryan sit on the porch with Eva as she drag on a cigarette . bryan they say it would have be better if he be out hunt somewhere , so it have at least be possible he be guilty . but they be all with he . Eva shake she head , take a drag , a beat before -- eva I can not imagine what it would feel like to know I be at home with my husband , and have a judge say , no , you be not ... you truth be wrong . bryan take this in , processing everything before -- bryan this be not just about johnny D. ( off she look ) we be represent that whole community . ( continued ) 44 b45 45 46 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 46 . continued : 44 Eva can see how deep this go . silence fall , both ponder the weight of what 's ahead . ext . alabama river - dawn a45 bryan run along the river , still processing he time with walter 's family . int . holman prison - visiting room - day 45 bryan stand , hope he can get walter to engage this time , wait as the guard unlocks walter 's cuff and leave the room . walter look at bryan . bryan I know we last meeting do not go the way I hope it would , but -- walter you meet my family . bryan ( beat ; surprised ) I do . walter you drive down that long dirt road , cramme into my little house with all my people , and tell ‘em you be gonna fight for I . ( off bryan 's stare ) that mean a lot . bryan nod . walter hesitates , still reluctant to fully engage . but bryan can sense he soften . a beat before -- bryan minnie ask I to give you this . bryan hand he a small envelope . walter slide it into he pocket , then look back . bryan if you do not mind , I have something to show you . int . holman prison - visiting room - day 46 bryan sit across from walter , fix he glass as he try to read darnell 's statement . he slide the paper back . ( continued ) * 46 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) continued : walter ( embarrassed ) I be not so good with they big word . 47 . 46 bryan do not realize he could not read . he summarize for he . bryan it 's a statement from darnell Houston say he be with Bill hook three mile away at the time of the murder . so , there 's no way he could have see you truck there . walter look at he , piece it together . walter that 's good , right ? bryan it 's very good . I be go to submit this with a motion for a new trial . walter look at he , nod . allow himself to feel pinch of hope . then , he look off . a beat before walter minnie say she tell you what I do ... be not no excuse for cheatin’ on a woman like she . I do not know why she 's still standin’ by I after what I put she through . bryan she 's stand by you because she know you should not be in here . and so do I . ( off walter 's look ) I know you do not kill ronda morrison . and I want to help you prove it in court , if you will let I . a walter look at he , get there , but not completely sure . walter man , you meet my whole family and I still do not know nothin’ about you . ( continued ) + hhh hhh ff * + eh just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 47a. 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 bryan what do you want to know ? walter think , choose he first question . then -- walter why you doin’ this ? bryan why be I a lawyer ? walter why you a lawyer in Alabama , workin’ for people who can not pay you nothin’ ? ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 48 . 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 bryan nod -- good question . he really think about it . bryan I grow up down a road just like yours , pump sewage from we yard , share a playground with the pig and chicken ... when I be a teenager , my grandpa be murder , but no one outside we community care , because to they , he be just another black man kill in the project . ( beat ) I know what it 's like to be in the shadow . ( shrug ; matter -of - fact ) that 's why I be do this . walter take this in , deeply move . walter that 's a pretty good answer . bryan ( smile ) anything else you want to know ? I be a open book . walter think , more comfortable now . then -- walter what 's someone like you do for fun ? bryan ( shrug ) I use to play piano , but ... it 's hard to find time for anything besides work right now . walter well , if you gonna be workin’ for I , you gotta make time to clear that head , or you will end up crazy as a betsy bug , man . bryan what 's a betsy bug ? ( continued ) * 46 47 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 49 . continued : ( 4 ) 46 walter it 's a crazy - ass bug that you do not wanna be . Ugly sucker , look like a turd with horn . bryan ( smile ) get it . walter lean back , eyeing bryan a beat . then -- walter okay . bryan okay ? walter let 's get to work , piano man . you be hire . off bryan 's grow smile -- int . walter 's cell - later 47 walter sit on he bed . he open the envelope bryan give he to find -- a handful of old family photo -- minnie , walter , and the child , happy together . he look at a photo of he and John together , big smile , father and son , about to move on when -- ANTHONY ( 0.s. ) yo , johnny D ! intercut between : ANTHONY , herbert , and walter' cell Anthony stand at he door , call over to walter -- ANTHONY you signin 's up with that lawyer ? walter give he a try . ANTHONY seem like everybody on the row workin’ with he now . they say he reppin 's anyone that need it for free . I be start to feel leave out , man . he that good ? ( continued ) * just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 50 . 47 continued : 47 walter ( beat ; consider ) I hope so . ANTHONY what you think , Herbert ?! should I dump my guy and switch over ? ( beat of silence ) herb ! you there ? Herbert sit in the corner of he cell , stare at a letter with a alabama department of justice seal at the top . herbert I be here . walter ( concerned ) you okay , man ? herbert they s-s-s-s -- ( stop ; take a breath ) they set my date . Anthony and walter be silent , everyone 's loom fear . then -- walter it 's gonna be okay , man . it be not over yet . herbert I be not like you guy . I d-d - deserve what 's comin’ . ANTHONY now you talkin’ out you ass , herb . you fight for you country and they toss you out with the trash ... that war make you sick in the head , man . they shoulda put you in a hospital , not here . ( beat ) when I tell they cop that pick I up I be innocent , you know what they say ? one of you nigger do it , if it be not you , you can just take this one for you homie . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 b48 48 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) johnny D 's prosecutor say he know he kill that girl ' cause of the way he look in he mug shot . you do not deserve this shit any more than we . only reason we here be ' cause if you black or poor , they can do what they want and nobody 's gonna give a damn . herbert ( beat ; consider ) a girl be dead because of I . walter that do not give nobody the right to kill you back . silence . walter know there be no way to make this better . ext . eva 's house - night ( establishing ) a48 int . eva' house - dine room - night 48 insert photo -- of Herbert Richardson in he Army uniform , sit on the table . bryan and Eva at the table , look over Herbert 's legal papers and record . Doug and Chris build a erector set on the floor of the live room . eva Herbert be eighteen when he go to Vietnam . he be the only survivor in a ambush that kill he whole platoon . he have a mental breakdown , attempt suicide , and get send home on a honorable discharge . ( flip through page ) back home he continue have nightmare , cry fit , run out of he house scream ' income 's to he neighbor . bryan ( shake he head ) his lawyer do not even mention he military service or mental trauma to the jury . a few month after the trial , he be disbarre for misconduct . ( continued ) 48 just mercy - full yellow 52 . continued : 48 eva course , he be . ( beat ) what can we do ? bryan since he 's already be through the appeal process , the statute of limitation be go to make it hard to get a judge to listen . we will have to try and make they . in 1l start on a motion tonight . the phone ring . Chris jump up to get it -- CHRIS ( pick up phone ) hello ? a beat . Chris hand the cordless phone to Eva -- CHRIS it 's for you , Mom . Eva get up and take the phone -- eva hello ? male ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) you the bitch workin’ with that nigger lawyer ? eva ( beat ; shocked ) who the hell be this ? bryan turn in he chair , eye lock on Eva as -- male ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) the guy that put the bomb under you house that 's gonna blow you family all to hell . y’all do not stop helpin’ that nigger johnny D , next time there will not be no warnin’ . dial tone . Eva rush over to Chris and scoops he up . eva okay ! why do not we all go outside and look at the star . ( continued ) 48 49 50 just mercy - full yellow 53 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 Doug and bryan can see the fear she 's hide as they all rush out the door . ext . eva' house - later 49 bryan stand on the front yard beside Eva , hold Chris . four police officer and a bomb -sniffing dog search the perimeter . Doug talk to the head officer , walk back to Eva . doug they do not find anything . eva be they sure ? bryan notice a old sedan drive past , a young white man in the passenger seat lock eye with bryan as they go by . it send a chill down he spine . Eva catch the exchange , give Chris a squeeze . eva okay , baby , let 's get you to bed . Eva exchange a look with bryan as they head inside . ext . eva 's house - porch - night 50 Eva sit on the porch , smoking . bryan exit the house and sit beside she . they stare into the darkness for a moment . eva when you ask I to do this with you , I know I have lose some friend , have people talkin’ shit behind my back , or to my face . and I be fine with that . do not need anyone to like I long as I be doin 's what I be suppose to . but threatenin’ my family ... ( long beat ) I do not know what the hell to do with that . bryan can see how hard this be for she . it worry he , too , put other people on the line . a long beat before -- ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 54 . 50 continued : 50 bryan I would never blame you if you need to stop . Eva consider this . a long beat as she make a decision -- eva I do not want my son grow up know he mom stop do what be right because she be scared of some crazy bigot . ( look to bryan ; sincere ) but we can not keep work here . I be waitin’ to hear back about a place in Old Alabama town . it be not pretty , but it fit the budget . bryan do it come with bulletproof window ? Eva crack a laugh , surprised and impressed by bryan 's dark joke . after she settles -- eva so , what 's next ? bryan I think we need to investigate everything from scratch , find anyone in that town who 's willing to talk . eva ( sarcastic ) maybe once they see how charming we be they 's 1ll stop tryin' to kill we . + eh bryan 's smile take we to -- 51 time passing montage - monroeville interview 51 quick cut of bryan and Eva go door- to- door : -- bryan knock on a door , no answer . -- Eva knock , peer in the window , hard to find witness . -- bryan in a bait store , the manager shake he head . * ( continued ) 51 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 54a . continued : -- Eva in a parking lot , a woman ignore she , get in she car and shut the door . ( continued ) 51 51 a52 52 53 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 -- bryan with a older man ( white ) at he door . bryan you be on the witness list for the ronda morrison trial a few year back -- older man ( shutting the door ) sorry , can not help you . -- Eva stand at another door , mid-convo with a woman ( 40s ) . woman if y’all be not workin’ for that poor girl 's family , I be not get nothin’ to say to you . sorry , darlin’ . ext . monroeville a52 bryan watch a police car drive by , the officer stare at he . ext . woodrow ikner 's house - day 52 woodrow ikner ( 5as , white ) open the door . bryan Officer ikner ? woodrow ikner ai not no officer no more . bryan I be a lawyer represent johnny D mcmillian , the man convict of murdering ronda morrison . I understand you be the first officer on the scene ? ikner look outside , make sure it 's clear , turn inside , the door open . finally get somewhere , bryan follow . int . bbq joint - day 53 Eva munch on some fries as the owner ( 5as , female , white ) enter from the back and hand she a wear flyer advertising the fish fry . ( continued ) 53 54 55 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 56 . continued : 53 owner I be right ! the fish fry be on Saturday , November lst , same day as the murder . they put this up all ' round town . you be lucky I be a pack rat . eva God , I could kiss you , Deb . int . / ext . mechanic garage - day 54 bryan talk with clay kast ( 40s , white ) , a grease - up mechanic . a old car on the rack behind they . bryan Bill hook claim he see walter 's lowrider truck outside the cleaner that day . clay kast if he say it be a lowrider , he full a shit . we be not drop johnny D 's truck till six month after that girl be kill . bryan do you have a record of that ? bryan jot down note as -- int . bryan' apartment - day 55 bryan carry a box into a old , lifeless room , nothing but a mattress on the floor . but for he , it 'il do just fine . int . manager' office - day Eva sit across the desk from charle cooper ( older male , white ) , passionately argue she case . eva lawyer be movin’ here from Harvard Law School to work with we . we be plan to grow into something the whole country will be talkin’ about , and you will get to say it all start in you building . ( continued ) % + h HH hf 56 57 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 56A . continued : charle and what exactly be the kind of work you do ? eva ( shrug ) we be just help people . Charles think for a beat , then , seem satisfied with that answer , he nod -- like the sound of that . ext . office build - day 56 bryan and Doug carry a desk from the back of Doug 's truck , park in front of a old building in the bad part of town . int . office build - day 57 bryan and Doug carry the desk in , Chris hold the door open for they , as Eva stop sweeping to direct they . just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 57 . int . eji - bryan 's desk - a new day insert : bit stack of client file on bryan 's desk , see the name '' walter mcmillian , '' '' Herbert Lee Richardson , '' '' jesse Moore , '' '' Charlie coleman , '' '' norris Thomas , '' '' vivian Clark '' ( the point be to make it clear there be many case be juggle ) . insert : bryan pull off Herbert Lee Richardson 's file ( and a photo clipped to it ) and open it ... reveal Herbert 's name here . tight on : bryan at he desk on the phone , passionate despite the obvious burden of the goliath task at hand . bryan my client , Herbert Richardson , be recommend for a Medal of valor for disarming a bomb , and I be look for any documentation you might have on that . jump CUT to : same scene - later insert : bryan pull off the jesse Moore file and open it ... reveal jesse 's name here . bryan I be tell you be one of jesse Moore 's foster parent year ago , and I be hope you could tell I what he childhood be like . jump CUT to : same scene - later insert : bryan pull off Albert Johnson 's file and open it ... reveal Albert 's name here . bryan at he desk on the phone -- bryan Charlie 's 14 year old , sir , and he 's be abuse in that adult prison for the past three night . he do not belong there . jump CUT to : he hhh ok + fh hhh of * HH hf ee * just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 57a . same scene - later insert : bryan pull off vivian Clark 's file and open it ... reveal vivian 's name here . bryan vivian Clark be one of the teenager who be sexually abuse at you facility , and I be look for record on any of the staff who be prosecute . intercut with : Eva at she desk on the phone . eva we know he attend you school from sixth to eighth grade and I be hope we could get any school record you might have on file . jump CUT to : same scene - later the same day Eva at she desk on the phone . eva well , we get a tip that there be witness to back he alibi and want to confirm that he be clocked in from midnight to 8 the next morning . same scene - later the same day Eva at she desk on the phone . eva no , mar ’am , it 's not a trick , we will not charge you or you family for anything , and we never will . ( beat ) no , mar ’am , I be not a lawyer , but I promise , you son be in very good hand . he hhh ok * eee + HH hf * * + h HH hf a58 b58 c58 d58 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 57b . int . eji ( equal justice initiative ) - day a58 brenda ( 30 , black ) shake hand with Eva and bryan and sit across from they at a conference table , a job interview . int . eji - a new day b58 Brenda and Eva stack the shelf with law book . Brenda 's now a part of the team as : pre - lap -- the phone ring . int . eji - day c58 the place be now a function , messy office . Brenda stop typing to pick up the ringing phone -- brenda equal justice initiative , this be Brenda . ( quick beat ) okay -- just -- one moment , mar ’am . ( cover phone ; to bryan ) hey , bryan , Mrs. coleman have call three time this morning about she grandson . sound desperate . off bryan 's nod -- int . eji - moment later d58 bryan sit at he desk , phone to he ear , listen to mrs . coleman on the other end talk through panicked tear . mrs . coleman ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) that man be drunk again , beatin’ on my daughter so hard my grandson think he kill she . Charlie 's a good boy , he be only protectin’ he mama . he do what he think he have to do . now he 's in jail with all that man , and it 's not right . he 's only thirteen year old . bryan empathize with she pain , but stare at the vast stack of paperwork that already surround he . carefully respond -- ( continued ) d58 e58 just mercy - full yellow 58 . continued : d58 bryan Mrs. coleman , I be so sorry about what Charlie 's go through , but we organization focus on death penalty case , and he do not fall into that category . we can try to find another lawyer for you ... mrs . coleman ( v.o. ) ( on phone ; suddenly praying ) dear Lord , please help I find the word to lead this man to see my grandson . tell I what to say , Lord -- as she pray , bryan look at Eva and Brenda at they desk . bryan she 's praying . brenda eva grandma know what she 's ( nod to Brenda ) doin’ . impressive . as Mrs. coleman finish she prayer , bryan give in -- bryan okay , mar ’am ... I do not know if I can take the case , but I ’1ll go to the jail and check on he . mrs . coleman ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) oh , thank you , Mr. stevenson ! thank you , Jesus . thank you for watchin 's over my baby boy . bryan can not help but smile at she vibrant passion . int . county jail - common area - day e58 follow two jail guard through a area fill with inmate , grow man in jumpsuit , play card and hang out . tilt down to reveal : the prisoner they be escort be just a 13 - year - old boy , charlie ( black ) , so small they have to alter he jumpsuit to fit he in it . f58 g58 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 59 . int . county jail - meeting room - day f58 bryan look over a file , glance up from the table as the guard usher Charlie in . bryan stand , shocked at the thin , terrify child in handcuffs that stand in front of he . as one of the guard uncuff Charlie , he exchange a look with bryan of share concern for how young and frail he be . int . county jail - meeting room —- moment later g58 bryan sit across from Charlie , who still have not make eye contact , completely retreat into himself . bryan Charlie ? be you okay ? ( off he silence ) you grandma ask I to come and see you . I ’ma lawyer . can you tell I how old you be ? ( off he silence ) Charlie , can you answer I ? Charlie give nothing . the silence be unnerve . bryan I know what happen be really terrible . I be sure you be worried about you mom . she 's do okay , and she want you to be okay , too . ( off Charlie 's silence ) the court want to try you as a adult , but I do not think you should be in here with all this man . I want to help you , but you have to talk to I , Charlie . Charlie look at the wall , then back down . still , he give bryan nothing . bryan hesitates , then slowly stand . bryan you mind if I sit over here ? Charlie remain silent as bryan walk carefully around the table and sit beside he , shoulder - to-shoulder . Charlie lean forward , avoid he . that 's when bryan see a dark blotch on the back of he neck . he soften he voice . ( continued ) g58 h58 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 60 . continued : g58 bryan Charlie , be that bruise on you neck ? Charlie scoot away from he , hide he tear . bryan can tell something be terribly wrong . he speak very gently . bryan do somebody in this jail do that to you ? Charlie can not hold it in anymore . he look away and begin to sob , wipe away tear as he barely form the word -- charlie I wanna go home . bryan 's heart break , as he put he arm around he , determine to do whatever it take to help this child -- bryan it 's go to be okay , Charlie . int . judge's chamber - later h58 judge buren ( 5as , white ) lean against he desk as bryan 's frustration burn beneath the surface . bryan you order put a thirteen - year- old boy in a pen of grow man , and for the past three night they have be systematically raping he , and he 's go to carry that for the rest of he life . judge buren I be not responsible for what happen in that jail . bryan take a beat , can see he 's not get through . he shift he tactic , search for common humanity . bryan if we look away when a child be hurt , we be all responsible , sir . ( beat ) you have the authority to move he to a juvenile center right now . ( more ) ( continued ) h58 j58 k58 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 61 . continued : h58 bryan ( cont 'd ) if you can do that , you honor , I can tell you without a doubt that you would be save that boy 's life . judge buren look at bryan , he word have clearly get through . a beat as he ponder . int . bryan 's civic - later I - 58 bryan get into he seat and slam the door , a flash of the anger he be hide , break through the surface . then , he take a breath , shake it off , and start the car . int . county jail - common area - later j58 inmate continue to stroll around the area until -- from a back door , bryan walk out , the two guard behind he . Charlie cling to he coat , lean into he , shield he eye from all the face as bryan guide he through the room . int . eji office - evening k58 bryan sit in the office , haunt by the memory as he update Brenda and Eva . bryan when I get up to leave the jail , he grab my arm and begge I not to go . I could hear he cry from the other side of the door . Eva cover she face . bryan wait for the wave to pass -- bryan we have to help he . eva ( wipe she tear ) I know . the phone ring . Brenda pick up -- brenda eji . this be brenda. ( beat ; listen ) one sec . ( continued ) k58 58 59 60 just mercy - full yellow 62 . continued : k58 she look at bryan , cover the phone . brenda darnell Houston . bryan ( take the phone ) hey , darnell . ( off he frantic voice ) whoa , whoa , slow down . where be you ? omitted 58 ext . monroe county jail - day 59 bryan walk with darnell out of the jail into the small parking lot . ahead of they , downtown monroeville loom . bryan be you okay ? darnell ( frighten ; jittery ) no , sir . I be not . bryan watch two officer walk by . he gently guide darnell away from they , protective . bryan come on , let 's talk in my car . int . / ext . bryan 's civic / monroe county jail - moment 60 later bryan sit in the driver 's seat , darnell in shotgun , look out the window to make sure no one 's watch . darnell how the hell they lockin’ I up for perjury if all I do be say the truth ? I know I should not a sign that paper , man . should not a listen to you . bryan 's face be tight , know he 's let darnell down . then -- ( continued ) 60 61 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 63 . continued : 60 bryan what they do be completely illegal . I be go to talk to the d.a. and get the charge dismiss . they will not do this again . darnell how do you know ? you can not control this guy . bryan , silent , realize how true this be . darnell they arrest I in the middle of my shift , in front of my boss . I do not even know if I still gota job tomorrow . ( beat ; somber ) I feel bad for what they doin’ to johnny D , but I be just tryin' to survive , man . I can not fight this guy . you gonna have to find somebody else . bryan just give I some time to work this out . darnell see a old truck idling across the parking lot . darnell that 's my ride . tell johnny D sorry . before bryan can respond , darnell get out and rush off . bryan sit . he look back at the county building , anger simmer . a beat before -- he can not help himself , he get out of the car and march back toward the jail . int . monroe county jail - moment later 61 bryan stride down the hall , he pass a black family in tear , a young woman ( 18 ) hold a baby in one hand , and she son ( 4 ) with the other , a old woman praying with she daughter , 2 officer escort 4 inmate down the stair . bryan find the door mark '' sheriff 's dept . '' and head -- 62 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 64 . int . monroe county jail - sheriff' office - next 62 into the bullpen area of the department . 8 white officer turn , all eye lock on he at once . bryan spot sheriff tate stare at he across the room . he gather he courage , march across the space toward he -- when he 's almost there , the man sit across from tate turn around . bryan stop , surprised to see Tommy chapman . tommy hey , bryan . have you meet sheriff tate ? bryan take a moment to process . then , control anger -- bryan who order the arrest of my witness ? sheriff tate if people make false statement concern this case , they be go to be hold accountable . bryan you can not arrest someone for perjury without evidence that a false statement have be make . tommy so you be represent Mr. Houston now , too ? bryan yes , I be . his statement contradict Bill hook 's entire testimony . tommy hook be not the state 's main witness , Ralph myer be . bryan ( frustrated ) Alabama code 12-21 -222 require corroboration of accomplice testimony , so without hook , the conviction would not be valid . ( continued ) 62 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 65 . continued : 62 the two man stare each other down a beat before tate speak , he word cloak in infuriate charm . sheriff tate you know , I speak to ronda morrison 's mother yesterday . she be in tear , askin 's I why some lawyer from up north be makin’ they relive all this hell again . bryan ( remain calm ) you can tell she it 's because mcmillian do not kill she daughter . and whoever do be still out there somewhere . sheriff tate ( shake he head ) I know how desperate you must be to fulfill you fantasy of who we be down here . just a bunch of corrupt Southern racist framin’ nigger for murder . and you here to save the day . if that 's the story you wanna believe , go right ahead . but I know johnny D kill that girl , and he 's go to answer for it . bryan how do you know that ? you find no hard evidence and base you entire case on the word of a indicted felon who have every incentive to tell you what you want to hear . sheriff tate Ralph myer give we he testimony on he own accord . bryan and it make no sense ! he could not finish a sentence without contradict himself . silence . the air suck from the room . both man stare at each other . bryan continue , strong , not back down . bryan the charge against darnell Houston be baseless . you know they 's 11 never stand up in court . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 63 just mercy - full yellow 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 62 bryan ( cont 'd ) they should be drop immediately . tate stare at he a beat before smile , cordially . sheriff tate that alright with you , Tommy ? tommy sure. ( off bryan 's surprise ) do not really matter , now that the court deny you motion to reopen the case . bryan stare at they both , catch completely off guard . bryan what be you talk about ? tommy you do not get the order ? the judge be down in mobile now . sometimes they have mail issue . bryan fight to regain he foot as Tommy stand . tommy you can tell Mr. Houston the charge against he be be drop . I can do that much for y'all , but anything else will have to be raise on appeal . tate give he a condescending nod . sheriff tate thanks for stoppin’ by , counselor . bryan fight the urge to scream . a beat , he turn , walk to the door with confidence , refuse to show any intimidation . int . / ext . bryan' civic / country highway - night 63 bryan 's thought race as he watch the dark road ahead . suddenly , light reflect through he mirror . he look up -- a pair of headlight tailing he . bryan try to ignore it , but the car keep inching closer . ( continued ) 63 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 67 . continued : 63 then , red and blue light begin to flash -- a car from the sheriff 's Department . bryan put on he blinker , pull to the side of the road . the car stop behind bryan , light spin . two officer get out . the older officer walk nonchalantly around the passenger side . the younger officer approach he door , skittish and unsure . bryan something wrong , Officer ? younger officer step out of the vehicle . bryan can see the Officer 's nerve , notice the older Officer shine a flashlight into he backseat fill with file . bryan I do not understand . I be not speed . younger officer ( ignore this ) I say step out of the vehicle . bryan I will get out , Officer . but can you tell I why I have be stop first ? the Young Officer suddenly step back and pull he gun , point it directly at bryan 's head as -- younger officer get out of the goddamn car ! a clear flash of surprise and fear in bryan 's eye , can see the younger Officer 's shaking hand . he fight for calm , raise he hand up , narrate every movement as -- bryan okay . I have get my hand up , okay ? I be go to open the door now -- ( open the door ) I be step out of the car ... ( as he step out ) I be stand up ... my hand be empty . younger officer turn around ! both hand on the car ! ( continued ) * 63 just mercy - full yellow 68 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 bryan 's in survival mode , turn and lower he hand onto the car , watch the older Officer OPEN the passenger door and sloppily search through he file . bryan do you have a warrant to do that , sir ? younger officer ( jerk forward ) shut the hell up ! bryan tense , the danger behind he ever present , do not move as , freeze in place as -- younger officer don ’t move ! I say don ’t move ! bryan I be not . bryan keep a eye on the younger Officer 's shaking gun as the older Officer tear through he stuff . he hesitates a beat , then take a breath , he voice remain steady -- bryan Officer , there 's no reason to point you gun at I . I be nota threat to you . you do not need to be scared . younger officer shut you goddamn mouth ! as bryan freeze , the older Officer stand and stare at he . older officer you oughta be careful with you word when you get a gun to you head . he nod to the younger Officer , who lower he gun , shaking with adrenaline . bryan finally breathes . he stare as the officer walk back to they car , a beat before -- bryan why do you stop I ? older officer we be let you go . you should be happy . ( continued ) 63 b64 64 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) 63 bryan 's frustration simmer . they message be clear -- he 's no longer just be watch . the threat be real . ext . eva' porch - night A64 bryan sit with Eva . she 's smoking , piss off . eva this asshole can not keep get away with this shit . we need to file suit against the department . bryan that 's what they want we to do . bryan think a beat . then -- bryan we will never be effective by just reacting . they be try to distract we from the work . we have to stay focus . eva ( take a drag ) so I can not go throw a rock through that sheriff 's window ? bryan ( shrug ; sarcastic ) just do not leave any fingerprint . off Eva 's smile -- int . holman prison - visiting room - day 64 bryan sit across from walter , have just break the news of they recent defeat . walter even if they drop the charge , they know darnell be not gonna testify after what they do . bryan I know it 's a big hit , but we just have to find more evidence to file another motion . walter ( shake he head ) they 'il just block that , too ... ( more ) ( continued ) 64 just mercy - full yellow 70 . continued : 64 walter ( cont 'd ) if they can put I on the row for a year without a trial , they can do whatever the hell they want . bryan 's clearly shocked by this statement . a beat before -- bryan they put you on death row before you trial ? walter the sheriff drive I hisself . Said I be gettin’ a taste of what 's comin 's if I do not confess . bryan why do not you tell I ? walter ( beat ; shrug ) I do not know , man , I can not keep track . they be doin’ shit like this to we as long as I can remember . bryan silent . walter take a sober beat before continue . walter when I be twelve year old , they lynched a man in we county name Russell charley . he be a friend of my parent , have two boy around my age . I remember hearin’ my dad tell my mom how they find he hangin’ from a tree in the wood , body full of bullet hole . Police be not even bother to look into it . ( beat ) after something like that everybody on alert . be invisible , that 's what my mamma use to say . if they can not see you , they can not get you . ( off bryan 's look ) they good at makin 's we scared . that 's how they keep we down . ai not no different to what they doin 's to you out there , or to we in here . they just take we from the tree to the chair . ( continued ) 64 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 walter sit in this think for a long beat , can see bryan processing . walter they comin’ after you out there , huh ? bryan ( smile ) they be not make it easy . walter think a long beat before answer . walter well , maybe you should think about training up another lawyer or somethin’ , ' cause I be still gonna need help if they take you out . bryan look up , see he grow smile , throw it back -- bryan oh , so this be not like a ... I go down , we both go down together kind of thing ? walter Hell no , man , you on you own ! I get enough to worry about over here . the two man share a laugh . once they settle , walter bring they back to reality -- walter so , if we do not get darnell , what 's the next move ? bryan think a beat , the answer be a controversial one . bryan I think we should talk to Ralph myer . walter sit back , shocked . walter maybe you should stick with you head ' cause that 's a terrible idea . ( continued ) * 64 65-75 at6 b76 76 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 64 bryan I know it 's risky , but if I get he talk , maybe we can find out what he really know . walter you be not gonna get nothin’ but lie off he . bryan ( nod ) I all be careful ! omitted 65-75 ext . alabama - series of shot of a76 in quick succession . -- the alabama river in the morning light -- -- the tower montgomery state courthouse -- -- the large complex of ST . clair correctional prison -- int . ST . clair' correctional - day b76 follow shot -- behind Ralph myer as he 's escort to the visit room . we do not see he face . int . ST . clair correctional - visiting room - day 76 follow ralph myer ( 50 ) into a room full of prisoner and visitors . bryan stand to look at he . Ralph be frail and vulnerable , but with eye sharp and roam . dangerous . bryan nod as Ralph approach . up close , the map of burn scar across he face add a extra air of menace . bryan hi , Mr. myer . ralph you Bobby ? bryan bryan . he extend he hand . Ralph look at it , a beat before -- ( continued ) * 76 77 just mercy - full yellow 73 . continued : 76 ralph maybe later . a prisoner laugh loudly across the room . Ralph jump , scan the room , deeply paranoid . after a beat -- bryan do you mind if we sit down ? ralph you buyin 's I a Coke first ? or you gonna make I stare at they vend machine all day ? Ralph motion to the vending machine along the wall . a beat before -- bryan nod , turn , and walk to the machine as -- ralph sunkist Orange and some jujyfruit if they get ‘em ! int . ST. clair correctional —- visiting room - moment 77 later bryan watch Ralph open he jujyfruit and eat one . bryan thank you for meeting I , Mr. myer . Ralph crack open he orange soda , take a big sip . bryan wait for he to finish , pen and notebook ready . finally -- bryan could we start by talk about you testimony against johnny D ? ralph ( burp ) no. ( off bryan 's confusion ) I be not talkin’ about he . bryan that 's the only reason I be here . ralph well , if you do not like it , leave . Ralph take a sip , clocking bryan 's disappointment . ( continued ) 77 just mercy - full yellow 74 . continued : 77 ralph aw , come on , do not look so sad , we can still talk about other stuff . I like talkin’ . my wife say if I get pay for every word I say , we would be a couple a billionaire . bryan consider he option , close he notebook , carefully begin to guide the conversation , draw he out . bryan how long have you be marry ? ralph Long enough to pop out a couple a kid and watch she turn ‘em all against I . you get kid ? bryan ( try to steer ) no , I do not . johnny D do . Ralph do not take the bait , continue -- ralph the thing about kid be , they be not nothin’ like havin 's a dog . it be a whole different thing . I wish somebody tell I that earlier ... my kid think they get it so bad but they be not see nothin’ like I see . try makin 's it as a foster kid you whole damn life , soon as you figure out one shitty parent , they movin 's you to a new one . bryan sorry , that must have be really hard . Ralph look at he to see if he 's sincere -- he be . Ralph nod , something soften in he . a beat . then -- ralph how many kid he get ? bryan johnny D ? he have three . Ralph ponder this as he take another sip . bryan can see he wheel turn . he decide to step out ona limb . ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 75 . 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 bryan Mr. myer ... I know you make a deal with the State , but I do not think they tell you johnny D be go to die because of it . ( beat ) I be sure that 's not easy to carry , and I be hope there 's a part of you that want to make thing right . bryan let that sit for a beat . Ralph seem to be listen . bryan something make you agree to this meeting . ralph maybe I be just bored . bryan I do not think that 's true . ( beat ) can we please talk about you testimony ? Ralph look off , seem to really consider the question when -- bam ! he jump , look around , only to find a visitor banging on one of the vend machine . he begin to laugh , then -- ralph from the first day they lock my ass up in escambia , for something I be tellin’ you I be not have nothing to do with , all they police wanna talk about be ronda morrison . morrison this , and morrison that . sometime four or five of ‘em in the room at the same time . bryan they be question you about she the day you be arrest ? Ralph look at he nervously , dodge the question . ralph all I be sayin 's be , be not nobody care about a damn thing besides who kill that girl . ( more ) ( continued ) + eh es * just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 75a . 77 continued : ( 3 ) 77 ralph ( cont 'd ) and when people care about a thing that much , they do anything to get what they want . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 78 79 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 76 . continued : ( 4 ) 77 ralph ( cont 'd ) ( beat ; shake head ) you know they 's 11 kill you if you get to the bottom of this , right ? off bryan 's surprise , Ralph laugh again , suddenly stand . bryan where be you go ? ralph we do here , Bobby . thanks for the jujy . bryan Ralph , please . we be not finish . ralph I be . he walk to the door , yell to the guard -- ralph ready , boss ! bryan watch Ralph go , he word ringing in he head . ext . pay phone ( country ) - later 78 bryan stand , phone cradle to he ear -- bryan he say he be question about ronda morrison the day he be arrest on June third . but the only statement they present in court be record almost two month later . intercut with : int . eji office - continuous action 79 Eva listen to bryan on speakerphone -- eva you think they be hide that first statement somewhere ? ( continued ) 79 80 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 77 . continued : 79 bryan ( v.o. ) ( over speaker ) if they be , it might be at the escambia courthouse with the file for he other case . you know anyone over there ? before she can respond , Brenda look up from she desk -- brenda I do . int . escambia county evidence archive - day 80 the evidence custodian , doris ( 40 , black ) , thump two box on the counter in front of Brenda and bryan . doris that 's everything we get on myer . y’all can make copy over there . bryan doris thank you , mar ’am . sure , baby . bryan smile as he grab the box and head for the copy machine . doris look at Brenda . doris he 's cute . married ? brenda married to he work . how 's uncle mickey doin’ ? doris he 's buildin’ another shed ' cause the other two apparently be not enough . brenda man 's gotta have a project . as Brenda keep she occupy , bryan go through the box , pull out a stack of cassette tape , duplicate copy of each . he turn back to doris , play it cool -- bryan you mind if I take a copy of this ? doris they be not payin 's I enough to stop you . doris and Brenda resume they talk as -- 81 just mercy - full yellow 78 . int . eji office - night 81 Eva and Brenda at the table , pore over the photocopy file . bryan at he desk listen to the tape on headphone -- faint voice bleed through . something grab he attention . he jot a note . Hit stop . rewind . pull off he headphone -- bryan you gotta hear this . he unplug he headphone and hit play so they can hear as ralph 's voice fill the air -- ralph ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) I understand that , sheriff ... bryan that 's myer . ralph ( v.o . ) ( on tape ) that 's what I be try to tell you , because I be gonna be honest , I do not know a damn thing . sheriff tate ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) be that right ? bryan that 's tate . ralph ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) yes , sir , it 's righter than anything I have ever say . sheriff tate ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) and you would take a polygraph to the fact that you do not know who kill ronda morrison . ralph ( v.0o . ) ( on tape ) that 's right , sir , I will . ( continued ) 81 82 just mercy - full yellow 79 . continued : 81 sheriff tate ( v.o. ) ( on tape ; beat ; frustrated ) and you would face the person that could testify -- ralph ( v.o. ) ( on tape ; firm and strong ) I will face any damn body in this world on that , ' cause it 's a stone lie . and if you askin’ I to frame a innocent man for murder , that just be not something 's I be willin’ to do . bryan stop the tape , look to Brenda and Eva , stunne until -- eva Holy shit . int . judge foster 's office - day 82 bryan and Tommy across from judge foster ( 60 ) , white , formidable , and commanding , finish he lunch . bryan you honor , we have submit this statement with another motion for a new trial , but all of we work so far have be without any access to the State 's file -- tommy askin 's the State to furnish this broad , generalize request be a waste of all we time and taxpayer money . none of the request material be relevant to this case . bryan ( to Tommy ) you main witness contradict he own trial testimony seem pretty relevant to I . tommy that tape be take from a completely different investigation ! ( continued ) 82 a83 83 a84 84 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 80 . continued : 82 bryan ( look to the judge ) this be about whether or not the State withheld critical exculpatory evidence , which would require a new trial . brady versus . maryland entitle we to see everything else they have . off bryan 's charge stare -- int . eji office - day a83 bryan and Brenda walk in with two box in hand . Eva take they from Brenda and stack they in the conference room with more box -- they win the motion . int . eji office - late night 83 Brenda write label on yellow sticky , cataloge a vast inventory of new evidence . Eva pull a stack of file from a box , hand it to she . bryan flip through a thick , red binder . he find something . bryan ( read ) walter mcmillian , admit to holman prison 's death row on August 1 , 1987 , over a year before he trial . sign by the warden . they all exchange a look before jump back into they work , know there 's so much more to discover . ext . holman prison - night ( establishing ) a84 int . herbert 's cell - night 84 the dead of night . the light all off along the row . Herbert sit slump against the wall , exhaust and drain . intercut with : ( continued ) 84 just mercy - full yellow 81 . continued : 84 int . walter' cell walter stand at he cell door , know what 's on he friend 's mind . a beat before -- walter Herbert ! you okay over there ? Herbert do not respond , fight back tear . a beat before -- walter you gotta get you mind off tomorrow , man , it be not over . bryan 's workin 's it out right now . the court always wait till the last minute . they gonna give you that stay . Herbert 's mind be elsewhere . he rock back and forth . shake he head , begin to hyperventilate . it 's unclear whether he 's talk to himself or to walter . herbert why d-d- do I make that bomb ? why do I do that ? walter ( know ) do not go there , herb . herbert ( grow manic ) I be not tryin' to hurt nobody . walter I know . herbert why be I so stupid ? what 's wrong with I ? walter the war make you sick , herb . you be still sick . herbert that girl be not s-s-pose to come by and pick it up . she w-was not s'pose to . she be not -- Herbert break , squeeze he temple , wishing he brain work right . ( continued ) 84 85 86 just mercy - full yellow 82 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 walter come on , herb . you gotta slow you mind down . remember what we practice ... slow breath . Herbert finally listen , lean he head back , body tight with rigid agony until -- he manage a single deep breath -- so loud walter can hear it . he nod . close he eye . walter that 's good . now close you eye , get away from all this . no more wall , no more guard , no more war to fight , just you , out in the open , fresh air on you face ... slow push on walter as he remember -- fantasy - ext . estate ( alabama ) 85 looking down at walter in the grove of pine , he look up at the treetop , sway in the wind . walter ( v.o. ) look at they pine tree that be growin’ since way before we be bear , and gonna keep on growin’ way after we go . they be through all the same shit we be through and more , but they still dance in the breeze . int . walter 's cell / herbertas cell - continuous action 86 ( reality ) walter 's eye be still close . quiet . walter you see ‘em ? Herbert 's eye quiver beneath he close lid . he 's calm . herbert yeah . walter do not think about nothin’ else , just stay right there . it 's gonna be okay , brother . ( continued ) 86 87 88 89 90 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 83 . continued : 86 Herbert take a deep breath , fight to keep he panic at bay . int . eji office - late night 87 insert : closeup on '' herbert lee richardson '' as bryan type . ( note : this could be the title page that they fax , or another page that he’s typing which clearly states he name . ) bryan type at rapid speed , transcribe a handwritten draft from a messy notebook . bryan I need strickland versus . Washington , and the affidavit from Herbert 's sergeant . Eva grab a binder from the shelf as Brenda find the affidavit and hand it to he . like clockwork . int . eji office - late night 88 silence as bryan flip to the last page of the petition , quickly proofreading . he seem satisfied . bryan let 's send it . int . eji office - late night 89 Brenda feed the '' petition for a writ of certiorari '' through a fax machine . page header : '' supreme court of the U.S . '' brenda now what ? bryan we wait . int . eji office - the next day 90 bryan and Eva sit at the table , a box of file in front of they . bryan should be read , but he can not take he eye off the clock -- 4:42 , count the second . the phone ring . bryan pick up , still hopeful . bryan eji , this be bryan stevenson . ( continued ) + eh 90 91 just mercy - full yellow 84 . continued : 90 court clerk ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) Mr. stevenson , the court have just enter a order in case number 89 - 5395 ; the motion for a stay of execution and petition for writ of certiorari have be deny . we will fax copy of the order to you office shortly . as bryan listen , Eva and Brenda watch he expression fall . bryan okay . bryan hang up , sit in silence , stare at the wall . Eva know what 's on he mind , deep in think herself before -- eva when they execute Wayne ritter , I torture myself over whether or not to go ... but some thing be just too much . ( beat ) he know how much you have do for he . you do not have to watch he die to show he you care . bryan nod . he understand this . but then , very plainly -- bryan he ask I to be there . Eva can see that he do not have a choice . a beat , she nod -- eva I all drive you , then . off bryan 's look of gratitude for he friend -- int . herbert cell / death row walkway - later 91 Herbert sit on he bed . Jeremy , the guard who strip - searched bryan , stand nervously outside with a older guard . jeremy come on , Herbert . we gotta go . Herbert hesitates , shaking with fear . he stand with a nod , then step out onto the walkway . ( continued ) 91 just mercy - full yellow 85 . continued : 91 he glance to the cell next door , can just make out walter on the other side . herbert ( to the guard ) can I say b-b- bye to my friend ? Jeremy look unsure , but the older guard nod , familiar with this routine . they usher Herbert to walter 's cell as -- intercut with : int . walter' and anthony' cell walter look at Herbert through the small open in the center of he door , can see how scared he be -- walter when it get too much , you take they deep breath and let you mind go . herbert ( beat ; terrify nod ) wish I d-d - do not have to do this alone . walter you not alone , brother . we all with you . ( to Anthony 's cell ) ai not that right , Anthony ?! Anthony stand at he cell door , watch , listen -- ANTHONY that 's right , herb . you be not rid of we yet ! Herbert almost smile , but the weight be too heavy . he look at walter , nod . herbert you be a good friend . walter try to speak , but he word get catch in he throat . Herbert manage a small smile , then turn and walk away , leave he with a emptiness he have not feel in year . 92 93 94 just mercy - full yellow 86. int . holding room - later 92 electric clipper buzz through Herbert 's hair . a guard man the clipper , shave off everything . int . holman prison - witness room - later 93 Jeremy and a chamber guard set up fold chair in the small witness execution room . Jeremy look through the view window to see another guard check the strap on the yellow electric chair . chamber guard ( off Jeremy 's nerve ) first time in the chamber , huh ? jeremy yeah . chamber guard ( matter - of - fact ) do not think too much , or you will lose you shit . Jeremy nod , try to be strong as he unfold another chair . int . hallway / execution waiting cell - later 94 a female guard lead bryan into a hold cell to find Herbert sit alone , all he hair and eyebrow be completely shave off . as the Guard enter , Herbert look up , shake and humiliate . female guard need anything , Mr. Richardson ? herbert you still gonna play my song ? female guard we get it cue up and ready . herbert thank you . she leave . Herbert shake he head as bryan approach . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 87 . 94 continued : 94 herbert this be a strange day ... more p- people ask how they can help I today than ever ask in my whole life . he look at bryan , seemingly for the first time . herbert do I look funny ? I do not know they be gonna s-s- shave off everything . bryan ( beat ; tender ) you look fine . bryan sit down beside Herbert . remains calm for he . herbert most people d- do not get to think all day about it bein’ they last day alive . ( beat ) it 's different than nam ... least I have a chance there . bryan ( beat ; find the word ) I be sorry , Herbert . Herbert look at he , nothing but gratitude in he eye . herbert you the only one that c-care enough to fight for I . the statement hit bryan hard , fight back he emotion as -- herbert I t-told the Army to send my flag to you , if that 's okay . bryan I '' be honore . Herbert smile through he pain . then , a scared beat before -- herbert can you pray with I ? ( continued ) 94 95 96 97 98 99 just mercy - full yellow 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 94 bryan ( beat ) of course . Herbert nod he thanks , let go of he fear for just a moment as they bow they head . int . holman prison - control room - continuous action 95 the female Guard enter , nod to the control room guard . female guard they be ready . he turn , push play on a small boombox aim at the intercom microphone as -- int . walter 's cell - continuous action 96 walter sit on the floor , silent as ella fitzgerald be version of '' old rugged cross '' begin to play over the p.a. system . int . execution hallway - continuous action 97 '' Old rugged Cross '' echoe through the empty hallway as -- the cell door open . Herbert step out , handcuff , lead by the warden , follow by Jeremy , the older guard , and the priest . they begin the long walk to the chamber . int . death row walkway / walter 's cell - continuous action 98 '' Old rugged Cross '' continue . every death row prisoner stand at the bar of they cell , all silent , waiting shadow . inside he cell -- Anthony lie in bed , arm over he face . inside he cell -- walter sit on the floor , wait . int . witness room - continuous action 99 music continue -- 20 witness ( cop and reporter , all white ) in the small room , window in front , close curtain . bryan sit among they as the curtain part to reveal -- ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 103 just mercy - full yellow 89 . continued : 99 Herbert stand beside the electric chair . he look lose and confuse as the warden whisper something to he . Herbert 's gaze find bryan in the crowd , he one anchor . then , tremble , he address the witness -- herbert I be s-sorry for all the p-p-pain I cause . int . execution chamber - continuous action 100 the warden lead Herbert to the chair , help he sit down as Jeremy walk up . he look to the older guard , opposite side of the chair . the older guard nod . Jeremy take hold of Herbert 's hand , force it down into the wrist restraint . he look up as Herbert glance at he . Herbert 's fear hit Jeremy hard . he try not to think about it , shake it off , finish the restraint as -- intercut between execution chamber , witness , and death row -- int . death row - night 101 -- in walter 's cell -- walter walk to he door . begins to bang he cup against the bar , increase in speed and intensity as -- -- in anthony' cell -- Anthony get out of bed , bang on he door with he fist . the rest of the row join in , banging on they metal door with cup and fist . a growing wave of protest -- int . witness room - night 102 as the warden read Herbert he death warrant , they hear the distant sound of banging . int . death row - night 103 the banging peak . walter take a breath -- ( continued ) 103 104 105 106 107 just mercy - full yellow 90 . continued : 103 walter we all with you , herb ! camera spin to reveal the line of cell , a hundred other voice join in , shout to Herbert at the top of they lung as -- a inmate throw a roll of toilet paper from he cell . a second inmate throw he metal cup . we swing with the cup as it fall to the -- first floor we pick up the cup as it bounce off the wall and reveal another row of shout inmate . int . witness room - night 104 everyone can clearly hear the men shout on the row , echoing through the vent . bryan look back to Herbert as -- int . execution chamber - night 105 Herbert listen to the sound of he friend clanging and scream through the wall . he remember walter 's advice , close he eye , slow he breath , let the voice wash over he . everything slow as -- Jeremy grab a yellow sign that say '' ready , '' hold it up to a circular window that look into the generator room . we follow he as he leave the room , shut the door , walk down the hall , and tap on the door with a large key . int . generator room - night 106 the executioner hear the tapping , walk to a big generator , and flip the switch . total silence -- all sound drop out completely . int . hallway - night 107 Jeremy stand in the hallway , stare through a window , eye on Herbert until -- he avert he gaze , can not take it as -- 108 109 110 111 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 91 . int . witness room - window - night 108 bryan can barely watch , the ghostly image of Herbert 's pulsing body reflect dimly in the glass as -- int . walter 's cell - night 109 walter stop clanging he cup , stare in Herbert 's direction , feel the loss of he friend . ext ./ int . holman parking lot / bryan 's civic - night 110 Eva sit on the hood of she car , numb she stress with a cigarette . a few guard and reporter walk to they car . Eva finish she smoke as , across the parking lot , bryan slowly approach . she can clearly see he shock and pain from what he just witness . a long beat , then -- eva you okay ? bryan shake he head , can not even speak . he open the passenger door and get in . worry etched across she face , Eva get into the driver 's seat and sit beside he . she do not start the car . sitting in a long silence until -- bryan try to say something , but word do not come , catch in he throat , the emotion hit he suddenly like a storm , a dam break as all of he client 's pain pour out of he . Eva burn with compassion for this man who have become she friend . she reach over and wrap she arm around he , allow he to let it out . int . eji office - late night 111 bryan sit alone at he desk , back to do the one thing he know -- disappear into he work , poring over transcript and file from walter 's case . insert paperwork -- walter 's mug shot ( or a photo from he family photo ) , or paper that say walter mcmillian ( something that make it clear he 's look at walter 's case . ) ( continued ) + eh just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 91a . continued : 111 as he read , something grab he attention . he stand , grab the thick , red binder , the intake log from holman prison . he drop it on the table and flip through page . he stop at a page . whatever he 's look at , it 's big . 112 just mercy - full yellow 92 . int . ST . clair correctional - visiting room - day 112 boom ! the door slam behind Ralph myer . bryan sit at the table in the empty room , he do not stand or have the space for any bullshit . as Ralph approach -- ralph hope this important news of yours come with somethin’ to eat , ' cause I be starvin’ . bryan ( calm but firm ) sit down , Mr. myer . Ralph see how serious he be , take he seat . ralph you be a lot nicer last time . bryan that be before I see my friend execute . Ralph be sober . News of execution hit every prisoner hard . ralph you know that guy ? bryan nod , let this sit for a moment before continue . bryan I hear the recording of the first statement you make on June 3 . the one they do not present in court . ( off Ralph 's surprise ) you tell the sheriff you do not know anything about johnny D or the murder . you tell he you do not want to frame a innocent man . do you remember say that ? Ralph look at he like a deer in headlight . speechless . ( continued ) 112 just mercy - full yellow 93 . continued : 112 bryan what I be wonder , be how you go from know nothing about the murder on June third , to become the State 's key witness three month later ? what change you mind ? after a beat , bryan grab the thick , red binder and place it on the table , begin to flip through it . Ralph watch , can not help he curiosity . ralph what 's that ? bryan the intake log for holman prison . Ralph watch he stop at a page . bryan on August 1 , 1987 , sheriff tate transfer two inmate from county jail to death row . walter mcmillian ... he spin the binder around to face Ralph . bryan «+. and you . Ralph 's face drop , he nerve fire . bryan look at he with compassion , aware of the pain he 's be put through . bryan do they move you to death row because you do not want to testify against he ? something shift in Ralph , suddenly look like a child . the fear in he eye make it obvious the answer be yes . bryan they execute Wayne ritter just a few week after you get there . be not that right ? Ralph look at he , he wall beginning to crack as he nod . bryan I be in the witness room when they kill Herbert Richardson Thursday night . ( more ) ( continued ) 112 just mercy - full yellow 94 , continued : ( 2 ) 112 bryan ( cont 'd ) it be the worst thing I have ever experience . ( beat ; caring ) I be sure ritter 's execution be not easy for you , either . Ralph can see how much it affect he . they share experience break down he defense . he shift in he seat , remember , finally feel safe enough to speak . ralph they put I in the cell close to the kill room ... ( long beat ; fidget ) Middle of the night , everybody start screamin’ and bangin’ on the bar . and then ... then come the smell of he skin burnin’ . Ralph point to the burn scar on he face . ralph I know that smell . bryan ( careful ) can I ask what happen ? ralph I be sleepin’ in my foster mom 's basement and she heater blow up , catch my pjs on fire . I scream for two minute straight before they find I . ( beat ; grow frustrated ) everybody know that I get a fear of bein 's burn . they know what it do to my head to be in a place like that . ( look to bryan ) I could not stop shaking all night , curl up on the floor cryin’ like a baby , tryin' to breathe , but every breath just give you another taste of the man they kill . ( beat ) you can not go through somethin’ like that and come out the same . bryan understand exactly what he mean . ( continued ) 112 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 95 . continued : ( 3 ) 112 bryan I know . ( beat ) I be sorry they do that to you . Ralph see bryan 's empathy . a new trust grow between they . ralph the next morning , I call the sheriff and tell he I would say whatever he want if he get I out . he take my statement and move I back to county the same day . bryan see he window , gently push forward . bryan that 's why you lie in you testimony . Ralph look at he , can see what he 's do . he do not bite , try to rebuild he wall -- ralph I do not say nothin’ about lyin’ ... now you puttin’ word in my mouth . he try to look strong , but clearly overwhelm by guilt and fear . bryan continue with caution . bryan Mr. myer , we be go to court very soon to try to get johnny D the retrial he deserve . and I would really like you to take the stand . Ralph search bryan 's face , wonder if he can trust he . bryan can see he 's get through . it 's time to close -- bryan they be use you to condemn a man who you have much more in common with than you think ... and if any part of you want to make thing right , this be the last chance you will get to do that . Ralph look at he , struggle with the weight of this decision . off this look -- a113 b113 c113 113 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 96 . ext . baldwin county courthouse - morning a113 superimpose : april 16 , 1992 alice brooks ( reporter ) speak into the camera in front of the courthouse . people ( black and white ) file in behind she . alice brooks the tension be high this morning here at the baldwin County courthouse , where a hearing be be hold to see if the man convict of kill ronda morrison deserve a new trial . miss morrison be only eighteen year old when she be murder at Jackson cleaner in monroeville , Alabama . many have take the two - hour drive here from monroeville to show they support . ( beat ) extra security precaution be implement due to the highly emotional nature of this case . black folk stream out of a church bus . minnie , John , Jackie , and Evelyn walk from they car , dress in Sunday best . bryan , Eva , and Brenda exit he car and head in , focus . int . baldwin county courthouse - lobby - moment later b113 a crowd ( all black ) file through a metal detector , 2 guard stand by . another guard hold a german shepherd as it bark at a woman who jump back in fear . sheriff tate enter the courtroom with Tommy and he assistant attorney . int . / ext . holding cell - moment later c113 walter exit the hold cell in leg iron and a waist chain , guide by Jeremy and another guard . int . baldwin county courthouse - hall - later 113 follow walter , Jeremy , and the other guard down a hallway . ( continued ) 96a . just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 113 113 continued : alice brooks ( v.o. ) ronda morrison 's parent say they have no doubt Mr. mcmillian be the man responsible for the murder of they daughter . ( more ) ( continued ) 113 114 115 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) 113 alice brooks ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but member of mcmillian 's family claim they have the wrong man . much of today 's hearing be hing on the testimony of Ralph myer , a convict felon , who be the key witness against mcmillian in the original trial . walter try to keep himself together as they push through the door , walk into -- int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - day 114 everyone turn to walter as he try to stand tall , keep he dignity , but fear be evident in he eye . the place be packed with people ( white and black ) . at the front , Tommy and he assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table , sheriff tate in the seat behind they . bryan 's at the defense table , nervously check he note . walter 's eye land on minnie in the first row . Eva and Brenda sit beside she , John and Jackie on she other side . behind they , all of walter 's friend and family , give he strength with they nod and smile . walter share a look with minnie lace with love and pain . then he nod to John , who sit up tall , try to be strong . he reach the defense table . as Jeremy unlock walter 's cuff , bryan exchange a reassure look with he , though it 's impossible for either man to hide he nerve . int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - moment 115 later Jeremy take he place in the back as judge Foster , stern and commanding in he robe , look up from he seat in front . judge foster what we will be talk about today be obviously a emotional issue . and if any of y’all do not think you can maintain a reasonable degree of decorum , then I would ask you to leave now . ( beat ) all right , if we be ready , then , we will proceed . Mr. stevenson ? ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 98 . continued : 115 bryan thank you , you honor . bryan stand . he glance back at walter 's family , meet Eva 's eye . she give a reassure nod . then -- deep breath , remember how many be count on he . he turn forward . bryan the State 's case against walter mcmillian turn entirely on the testimony of Ralph myer . there be no other evidence to establish Mr. mcmillian 's guilt . no physical evidence link he to the crime , no motive , no witness . only the word of one man . ( long beat ) we call Ralph myer to the stand . the deputy open the side door and Ralph walk into the courtroom . he look exhaust and vacant , clearly rattle . walter can not take he eye off he , remember what Ralph do the last time they be here . Ralph avoid he gaze , distant and stone - face , as he take a seat on the stand . Ralph look up to see sheriff tate stare at he from he seat . Ralph look away , fear instantly take hold . the bailiff hold out a Bible , but Ralph be distract . bailiff Sir , please stand and place you right hand on the Bible . Ralph hesitates , then stand and extend he hand . bailiff do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? ( long beat ) Mr. myer ? ralph ( snap out of it ) yes , sir . sorry , guard get I up at two in the morning to get out here . ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 115 Ralph rub he face , sit . at the table , walter with a deeply worried look . bryan remain calm , approach the stand , unsure of where Ralph 's head be , proceed with caution . bryan Mr. myer , do you testify against walter mcmillian in August of 1988 ? ralph ( odd beat ) be that when that be ? bryan accord to the record , yes . ralph okay , then . sure , if you say so . Ralph look more nervous by the second , color drain from he face . bryan fight he nerve , remain steady -- bryan what do you tell the jury when you testify ? Ralph see walter stare . he avoid he gaze , too afraid to face the source of he shame as he mumble -- ralph do not think I can fully remember to be honest with you . sorry , sir . bryan 's heart sink . they have not even begin and they be already lose he . a breath before -- bryan it 's okay . I have a transcript of you testimony here ... bryan walk to the table , grab the transcript he 's prepare -- bryan at the trial , do you remember testify that you be unwillingly make part of a capital murder and robbery on November 1 , 1986 , when walter mcmillian see you at a car wash and ask you to drive he truck because he arm hurt ? ( continued ) 115 just mercy - full yellow 100 . continued : ( 3 ) 115 ralph ( nervous ; scratch scar ) yes , sir . I guess so . bryan do you remember say that you drive Mr. mcmillian to Jackson cleaner , subsequently go into the building , and see mcmillian with a gun , stand over the body of ronda morrison ? ralph ( beat ; nod ) yes , sir . bryan lock he eye on he -- bryan Mr. myer , be the testimony you give at Mr. mcmillian 's trial true ? in he seat , walter lean forward , praying for truth as -- Ralph stare at bryan , about to speak until -- he glance past he again , back to bryan . then , finally , with great pain -- ralph I do not know . bryan ( remain calm ) you do not know ? ralph do not ... think I remember . walter sink in he seat as a murmur fill the courtroom . behind he , minnie stare in shock as John shake he head . Tommy whisper to he assistant as he scribbles note . bryan notice Ralph glance past he again . he turn , follow Ralph 's gaze to tate , stare harshly back at he from he seat . Ralph be freeze in fear until -- bryan deliberately step between Ralph and tate , block they view of each other . gently lock he eye on Ralph . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 101 . 115 continued : ( 4 ) 115 bryan Mr. myer . do you know who walter mcmillian be ? Ralph hesitates , gather he strength . ralph yes , sir . bryan be he in this room ? ralph yes , sir . bryan can you point he out ? Ralph fully look at walter for the first time , point . neither man look away , connect by they common status in the margin of society . bryan see this , continue carefully . bryan I would like to ask again . be the testimony you give at walter mcmillian 's trial true ? Ralph keep he eye lock with walter for another beat until -- he look down , gather all the courage he have before look back at walter . finally , he speak -- ralph no , sir , not at all . a wave of gasp and whisper roll through the audience . Tommy sit in he seat , completely stunne -- walter sit back , eye still lock on Ralph as -- judge foster order , please ! as the courtroom quiet , with increase momentum -- bryan do you see Mr. mcmillian on the day that ronda morrison be murder ? ralph no , sir . ( continued ) 115 116 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) continued : ( 5 ) bryan do you drive he truck to monroeville that day ? ralph no. never do . bryan do you go into Jackson cleaner and see Mr. mcmillian stand over ronda morrison 's body ? ralph absolutely not . 102 . 115 bryan let this sink in , look at he with care . then -- bryan no further question . int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - moment later Tommy question Ralph , mid - way through he cross - examination . tommy Mr. myer , do not you work out a deal with the State to get a lighter sentence if you testify to the truth ? Ralph think a beat , then -- ralph if I testify ... but the truth be not get nothin’ to do with it . when it come to they , Ralph myer be tellin’ the truth when it agree with what they wantin’ for you to say . but if it be not what they wanna hear , Ralph be a liar . tommy well , how do we know you be not lie now ? how do we know , you be not just upset about the deal you get , and you feel like somehow by you change you story , it might help you get out ? 116 Ralph 's fear be go completely now , ready for a fight . ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 103 . 116 continued : 116 ralph because that do not make no sense , sir . who do you think be decidin’ what happen to I ? if I live or die ? not I . not johnny D . it 's all y’all that decidin’ that . so how be I sayin 's what I be sayin’ gonna help I get out ? if anything , it gonna help I get to death row . Tommy do not respond to this . Ralph look to sheriff tate . ralph but I do not care , y’all can do what you want to I . but I get to tell the truth now , even though it might not be what y’all wanna hear -- tommy ( interrupt ) thank you , Mr. myer , let 's move on to the next question . ralph but I be not do . tommy ( quickly ) you have say enough . bryan objection , you honor . Mr. myer have the right to finish he answer . judge Foster look to Ralph with a nod . judge foster go ahead , Mr. myer . nothing Tommy can do . Ralph speak with conviction . ralph thank you , you honor . ( beat ; look around ) I think it 's pretty clear to y’all I be not no saint . I can not read , and I be not make it past the third grade , but I still know what 's right and what 's wrong . anda innocent man dyin’ on account a I , or you , or anyone in this room , be not right . ( more ) ( continued ) 116 117 118 119 just mercy - full yellow 104 . continued : ( 2 ) 116 ralph ( cont 'd ) ( to the judge ) ' Cause I , I can look in you face or anybody else 's face dead eye - to - eyeball and tell you anything I tell about Mr. mcmillian be a lie . ( look right at walter ) he 's here because of I , and I would really appreciate you sendin’ he home to he kid where he belong . walter lock eye with Ralph again , everything have change between they . a moment of true , share sincerity . bryan and Eva exchange a charge look as music take we to -- montage - int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - 117 day through the rest of the hearing : clay kast , the white mechanic bryan speak to at the shop . clay kast we do not convert johnny D 's truck to a lowrider till May of ' 87 , six month after that girl be kill . int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - day 118 bryan hand a paper to the court . bryan we submit a copy of the official log from the police officer who stop by the fish fry , confirm that walter mcmillian be there with he family . int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - day 119 woodrow ikner , the officer bryan find go door- to - door . woodrow ikner Mr. myer say that the body be face - up near the front counter , but I find she face - down in the back by the bathroom . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 105 . 119 continued : 119 judge Foster make a note in a pad , he seem engage . 120 int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - day 120 bryan hand a file to the court . bryan submit exculpatory record from Ralph myer 's stay at Taylor hardin psychiatric Hospital , which the State do not disclose to defense counsel . Tommy take note at he table , not look very pleased . 121 int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - day 121 a psychologist with glass speak to bryan . psychologist Mr. myer be my patient at the time , and he claim on numerous occasion that he be be threaten with the electric chair if he do not say what authority want to hear . 122 int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - day 122 back to ikner . the judge listen intently , jotting down note , very engage now . woodrow ikner the prosecutor ask I to testify that the body have be drugge from the front to the back , and I tell he I be not gonna lie in court . few week later , I get fire from the department . 123 int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - day 123 the end of bryan 's close comment , steady and firm ... bryan all the evidence present today would have be critical to the outcome of this case and its exclusion be a clear violation of brady versus maryland and Mr. mcmillian 's constitutional rights . ( more ) ( continued ) 123 124 just mercy - full yellow 106 . continued : 123 bryan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ; sincere ) the truth have not be tell in this case . and I know a lot of time have go by , but I do not believe it 's ever too late for justice . we ask the court to grant we motion and order a new trial for Mr. mcmillian . thank you , you honor . bryan take he seat beside walter , fill with hope . Tommy can barely look at he , not happy with the way this go . judge foster thank you , counselor . we ’1ll reconvene at a later date once I have have time to look through everything . the bailiff walk to the front of the court , hearing over as -- bailiff all rise ! int . / ext . transport van / court - parking lot - later 124 walter sit in the transport van , bryan stand outside the open side door , processing what they just go through . walter I do not think he be gonna go through with it . bryan ( smile ) honestly , for a second there , I be not sure , either . walter shake he head , genuine gratitude in he eye . walter man . I can not even tell you how I feel right now . ( look to bryan ) thank you . as bryan nod , walter notice he family gather twenty yard away , minnie , John , Jackie , Evelyn . he wave to they . Jeremy , stand guard nearby , address walter 's family . ( continued ) 124 125 just mercy - full yellow 107 . continued : 124 jeremy we get a few minute if y’all wanna say hi . bryan and walter look to Jeremy , shocked by the kind gesture . Jeremy glance at bryan , then look down . there be a humility here not present in they first meeting . a sense of shame . jeremy we will leave in five minute . bryan be speechless . walter nod , grateful -- walter thank you . bryan give walter space with he family , approach Eva and Brenda , wait for he . eva you do great . chapman oughta just call you tonight and drop the charge . bryan let 's not hold we breath on that one . as they walk to they car , bryan grab one more glimpse of walter laughing with he family at the transport van . int . / ext . bryan '’s rental - evening 125 bryan sit on he bed , work as usual . a knock at the door . he open the door to see John ( walter 's son ) and he friend . bryan John ? everything okay ? JOHN my dad want I to drop this off . he reveal a use Rhodes keyboard with a bow around it . JOHN he say to have a little fun for once . 126 127 128 just mercy - full yellow 108 . int . bryan 's rental - night 126 bryan sit at the keyboard , take a rare break from he work to play a slow , jazzy riff . his spirit lift with every note . push in on a new addition to he bookshelf -- beside a photo of Herbert as a young soldier : a american flag , fold in a triangle , in a display case that read , '' in loving memory of , Herbert Richardson , United States Army , Vietnam veteran . '' ext . baldwin county courthouse - day 127 superimpose : one month later full parking lot , but most of the people be already inside . judge foster ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) upon the read of my decision , I expect the rule of decorum within this courtroom to be upheld ... int . baldwin county courtroom - continuous action 128 everyone be seat . walter beside bryan , nervous . Eva and Brenda be with walter 's family behind they . John be too nervous to look , lower he head , arm on he knee . minnie tenderly rub he back with she hand . Tommy sit with he assistant , tate behind they . judge Foster , sit at the bench , continue read he decision -- judge foster Ralph myer take the stand before this court , swore to tell the truth , and proceed to recant most , if not all , of the relevant portion of he testimony at trial . clearly , he have either perjure himself at trial or in front of this court . ( beat ) after careful review , it be this court 's opinion that conclusive evidence have not be provide that Ralph myer perjure himself at the original trial , and that pressure put on he since he trial testimony could tend to discredit he recantation . ( continued ) 128 just mercy - full yellow 109 . continued : 128 a murmur from among walter 's friend and family . judge foster therefore it be order , adjudge , and decreed that the trial testimony of Ralph myer be not find to have be perjure testimony , and no new trial shall be grant at this time . walter mcmillian shall be return to holman correctional facility where he be to face death by electrocution . a wave of despair sweep through walter 's family and friend . walter put he head down , bryan put he hand on he back , exchange a devastate look with Eva . behind they , John suddenly stand with tear in he eye -- JOHN you can not do this to we again , judge . judge foster ( beat ; firm ) sit down , young man . John shake he head , more break than defiant . he look from the judge to walter , quivering with emotion . JOHN that 's my dad , sir . he be not do nothin’ wrong . a hint of empathy flash over judge foster before -- judge foster sit down right now , or you will be arrest in contempt of court . bryan stand , try to manage the situation . bryan you honor , please give we a minute . walter ( firm ) listen to the judge , son . minnie pull on John 's arm to sit , but he pull away , the situation quickly escalate . ( continued ) 128 just mercy - full yellow 110 . continued : ( 2 ) 128 judge foster I will not say it again . sit down . John stare at judge foster , body tremble , tear stream , but unable to move . he shake he head , totally break . JOHN not if you gonna kill my dad for no reason ... walter that 's enough , johnny . bryan see the judge nod to two officer . John do not stop . bryan judge , please . let I deal with this . a guard step up to bryan , block he from move . behind he , Jeremy and the other holman guard move toward walter . JOHN you killin’ we family , sir . walter see the officer approach John . walter shut you mouth and sit down , boy ! John look right at he dad , shake he head , so break it 's the only thing he can do as -- officer # 1 grab he arm , pull he roughly into the aisle . John yank he arm away , enough resistance to make officer # 2 grab he and throw he to the floor . minnie walter hey ! get you damn hand off my son ! walter try to stand , but be hold back by Jeremy . bryan want to jump in and help , but be block by the Guard stand like a wall right in front of he . Officer # 1 have he knee on John 's back , violently pull he arm back to cuff he . bryan he 's not resisting ! ( continued ) 128 129 a130 130 just mercy - Rev. 10/17/18 ( salmon ) 111 . continued : ( 3 ) 128 once the cuff be on , the officer pull John to he foot and drag he to the door . minnie start to chase after , but be hold back by more officer . tate shoot bryan a cold look as -- bryan turn to walter , more devastate than ever as Jeremy , a clear look of guilt in he eye , and the other holman guard , pull he away from the chaos . as walter be lead out , bryan 's heart sink into the floor . he look at Eva -- how the hell do this just happen ? ext . baldwin county courthouse - parking lot - afternoon 129 as bryan walk to he car , he look across the lot to see minnie and Evelyn , embrace Jackie as she sob . the sight hit he to he core . int . walter 's house - kitchen —- afternoon a130 minnie sit down at the kitchen table , stir instant coffee into a mug of hot water . she set the mug on the table , do not take a sip , haunt by the empty chair that be once fill with that she love . for a moment , she let down she guard , let the pain and frustration bubble to the surface of she skin . in this moment , she be not the solid rock of she family , she be a hurt , angry , devastate human be . then , after she let it out , she compose herself , wipe she tear , and take a sip of she coffee . int . death row walkway / walter' cell - later 130 Jeremy and a second holman guard walk walter to he cell . as the door slide open , he body go stiff . the second guard unlocks he cuff . walter hesitates . they try to usher he in , but he stand strong . shake he head . they push against he as he grab the door , refuse to go back in . jeremy come on , man , do not make this hard . they push he harder , but walter do not budge , grab the side of the door to keep from go in . jeremy do not do this , mcmillian . ( continued ) eh hhh of % 130 just mercy - Rev. 10/17/18 ( salmon ) 111a . continued : 130 the second guard shove he hard from behind as -- walter no ! walter lunge backwards against the guard , knock he back . Jeremy try to grab walter as the second guard , fume , rush and hit he in the back . walter go fly , slam into he desk , everything crashing to the floor as -- 131 a132 132 133 134 just mercy - full yellow 112. int . death row - stair - day 131 two guard run towards they -- int . ANTHONY 's cell , through the door - day a132 through the door . Anthony shout through he door slot -- ANTHONY hey ! what the hell 's goin 's on ? inmate up and down the row begin to call out to walter -- int . walter 's cell / death row - day 132 as walter flail on the floor -- Jeremy rush down , pin walter to the ground with the second guard as he let out a anguished scream . end on walter , level with the floor , uncomfortably close . int . walter 's cell / death row - later 133 wide shot , outside looking in -- empty . then we see -- Jeremy clean up the aftermath of the struggle , pick up some book and pen and put they back on walter 's desk . he stop suddenly , eye on the floor , stare at something we can not see . he bend down to pick it up as -- int . solitary confinement - later 134 a small , empty cell . no bed , no window . walter sit , back against the wall . he stare ahead . lose . then -- the slot in the door slide open . walter look up to see Jeremy look at he through the small window . a beat before -- he slide something through the slot . Jeremy give he a nod and walk away . walter hesitates , then stand , walk to the door , and reach into the slot to find -- the family photo minnie give he long ago , fade with age . 135 136 137 138 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 113. int . solitary confinement - moment later 135 walter sit on the floor again , flipping through the photo one - by-one until -- he reach the picture of himself with John . suddenly , he anger fade , replace by tear fight to break free . he turn the photo over to see in he wife 's handwrite -- '' this be you . Love , minnie . '' walter stare at the word for a long beat , wonder if he will ever be able to believe they again . int . bryan 's rental - night 136 bryan lie in bed , wide awake , he brain spin out . he look at the clock -- 2:23 am . no point try to sleep . he sit up , might as well get some work do -- int . bryan' rental —- moment later 137 bryan sit at a small table , cover in papers and file . he try to work , but he can not get he mind off the frustration of walter 's case . he rest he foot on the table , lean back , cover he face , draw a long , frustrated breath . then boom ! he suddenly kick the table , a brief but shocking burst of anger , spraying a few stack of file to the floor . he sit there another beat , still , break , silent . then , he stand and start to methodically clean the mess up . ext . alabama river - later 138 bryan sit with Eva on a bench overlook the wide , flow river . in the distance , a large dinner boat , the harriet , a '' historical '' recreation of the riverboat use during the time of slavery . add shot of brie walking up and sitting beside bryan . bryan watch the boat move slowly toward they . then -- ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 114 . 138 continued : 138 bryan nobody want to remember that this be where thousand of enslave people be ship in and parade up the street to be sell . ten mile from here , black people be pull from they home and lynched and nobody talk about it . ( beat ) you can talk about the civil rights movement , but only the good part . can not talk about school become as segregated now as they be in the ' 5as . can not talk about one out of every three black man end up in prison . can not talk about the fact that nobody ever apologize , or even acknowledge that they do something wrong . bryan stop here , the fact of the past threaten to overwhelm . Eva can see he pain , he eye tight before -- bryan and now this black boy from delaware be walk into they courtroom , expect they to admit they convict a innocent black man . ( look off ; beat ) I promise that whole community I would bring he home . bryan shake he head , look off , tear welling . bryan how be I so naive to think we could ever change anything ? bryan close he eye . Eva look at he with compassion . ( continued ) * 138 a139 139 just mercy - Rev. 4/25/19 ( Tan add 'l photog ) 115 . continued : ( 2 ) 138 eva * I have hear a lot of lawyer say * it 's never a good idea to get too close to you client . distance be healthy . ( beat ) but work with you show I that 's bullshit . you choose to get close to every one of they , and you love they like family . and when you family be hurt , so be you ... ( beat ) there 's no way I could ever fully understand what you be go through . but I be pretty sure you mean a lot more to this community than you think . + h hk bryan think about that for a moment , watch the harriet continue across the river . * int . church - day a139 a vibrant gospel choir lift they voice to God ina church fill with believer . bryan stand among they , watch he people sing to a Higher power . he close he eye and take it in , try to tap into they hope and peace . int . juvenile facility - lobby - day 139 bryan stand in a circle , hold hand with Mrs. coleman , charlie 's mom , and charlie 's grandpa , head bow -- mrs . coleman we thank you , Lord , for watch over we boy and bring he home ... as she continue , bryan open he eye , watch she pour love over she child . a door open . they turn to see -- Charlie , dress in a button shirt , jeans , sneaker . still quiet and shy , but look better than we last see he . Charlie 's mom rush to he and pull he into a hug , follow by he grandpa and grandma . bryan watch they , move by they love and tear . ( continued ) 139 140 141 just mercy - full yellow 116 . continued : 139 Charlie finally break away from he family and walk up to bryan . juvie have give he a edge he do not have before . he go for the pound - hug to keep it cool . but once he 's in bryan 's arm , he stay there long enough to let bryan know how thankful he be . as bryan squeeze Charlie , the grateful look on Mrs. coleman 's face show he that you can never know when you work will truly make a difference . ext . holman prison - day 140 high shot , looking down as bryan 's Civic pull into the parking lot . int . holman prison - check - in - day 141 bryan wait as Jeremy check he in , just like he do the first time he visit . but something seem different in Jeremy 's demeanor . he glance at bryan as he check he id . jeremy after that dude say he make the whole thing up , I think they have let mcmillian go . bryan look at Jeremy , surprised , before -- bryan I , too . jeremy you get he kid out ? bryan yeah . jeremy that 's good . bryan take he id , hesitates , clearly take aback by this exchange . then , he give a polite nod , turn away as -- jeremy hey. ( off bryan 's look ) uh , can I ask you somethin’ ? bryan nod , watch he struggle to form the word . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 117 . 141 continued : 141 jeremy um ... I could get in trouble for this , but ... I get a uncle , who take care a I growin’ up , good guy . and , uh , he 's in here . block 4. bryan ( beat ; then ) he 's a inmate ? jeremy ( nod ) his lawyer 's a piece a shit . I be wonderin’ if you could maybe take a look at he case . I can pay you . bryan never see this one come . he can see Jeremy 's sincerity , realize he have he own struggle to face . he walk up to he , pull a business card from he pocket , and hand it over . bryan call I tomorrow ... you will not have to pay anything . Jeremy nod , the moment clearly resonate , touch by bryan 's gracefulness . the only word that he can find be -- jeremy thank you . bryan nod , turn into the prison with a little more hope than when he first walk in . 142 int . holman prison - hall / visiting room - day 142 close and intimate : bryan sit across from walter in the spot they first meet , still fight he guilt . both man sit in silence . bryan look at he with regret . bryan I be so sorry . walter let that sink in a moment , shake he head slightly . walter the day they arrest I , I think I be gonna be okay . ( more ) ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 142 continued : walter ( cont 'd ) ' Cause I have the truth . soon as they talk to everybody that be with I , they gonna have to let I go . ( beat ) but then the police keep callin’ you a killer . some white dude say he see you do it . News people sayin 's you do it . judge and jury sayin 's you do it . and now you on the row two , three , four year , you friend and kid be not callin’ as much as they use to . after a while , you start to wonder what they think of you , you start to wonder what you think of you . the truth be not so clear no more . ( beat ; remember ) but the last few day , I can not stop thinkin’ ' bout myer sittin’ up there , tellin’ everybody how it really go down . ( beat ) that 's the first time I feel like myself since they lock I up . first time I remember who I be . ( beat ) this fool go do what they go do , but if they take I to that chair tonight , I be a go out smilin’ . ' Cause I get my truth back . you give I that . you give it to my family . and nobody can take that from we again . 118 . 142 bryan take this in , release the guilt he 's be carry . walter cock he head , playful -- walter you be not quittin’ , right ? bryan of course not . walter then you be not get nothin’ to be sorry for . bryan look at he , deeply move . ( continued ) 142 143 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 119 . continued : ( 2 ) 142 bryan ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) I know how disappoint the last hearing be , but that 's not where this be go to end . int . walter 's house - live room - evening 143 bryan sit with minnie , John , Evelyn , Jackie , and a handful of other family and friend , include uncle Leo , sit in he wheelchair . bryan we be prepare a motion to submit we evidence to the State Supreme Court in Montgomery . they have the power to reverse the last decision and force the circuit court to give we a new trial . minnie you think they 's 1l do that ? bryan nothing 's guarantee , but I do not see how a outside court could ignore the evidence we have . JOHN ( unconvince ) even if he do get out , everybody but we still gonna think he guilty . if they can not kill ' im in there , they can still do it out here . bryan we have be worried about that , too , and we be work on it . uncle Leo speak up , stern and to the point . uncle leo you know what you doin’ , boy ? bryan can not tell if he 's be criticize or not . uncle leo you beatin’ the drum for justice , that 's what you doin’ . ( continued ) 143 144 just mercy - full yellow 120 . continued : 143 before bryan know how to respond , uncle Leo tilt he head to reveal a scar on he crown . uncle leo see this ? get it in greene County , tryin' to register to vote in ' 64 . he turn and point to a 4 - inch scar above he right ear . uncle leo get this one in Mississippi fight for civil rights . he turn and show another scar at the back of he neck . uncle leo this one in Birmingham after the Children 's crusade . ( beat ) this be not just scar ... they my medal of honor . ( into bryan 's eye ) you see ‘em ? something about this moment touch bryan 's core . he nod . bryan yes , sir . uncle leo good. ( beat ) now you just gotta get everybody else to see it , too . as uncle Leo smile , bryan scan the face in the room , they belief in he spurring he forward . int . law library - day 144 a video shoot : bryan sit as a SOUND mixer adjust he mic . bryan test test . check check . the sound guy give a thumb -up . Eva stand off to the side , watch silently as -- cameraperson ( 0.s. ) we be roll . whenever you be ready , Mr. Bradley . ( continued ) 144 145 146 just mercy - full yellow 121 . continued : 144 in front of bryan , he interviewer , ed BRADLEY , of '' 60 minute '' fame , unseen but hear . ed BRADLEY ( 0.s. ) okay , bryan , you ready ? bryan put he game face on , nod as -- '' 60 minute '' ( shot to look like 90 tv ) : -- Ed Bradley address the camera , a blow - up picture of walter mcmillian behind he . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) his name be walter mcmillian , know to he friend as johnny D , and he 's be on death row in Alabama 's holman prison for almost six year . be he in fact the man who walk into a dry clean store in monroeville , Alabama in November of 1986 and rob and murder the clerk ? or , do they get the wrong man ? and be the real murderer still out there somewhere ? int . walter 's house - live room - continuous action 145 walter 's family on the couch , around they , many family member and friend from the first time bryan visit . all eye glue to Ed Bradley on tv . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) a jury be convinced they get the right man . but you may not be after you watch this story . int . death row - continuous action 146 Anthony press he face to he cell door , try to listen to the broadcast -- ANTHONY turn it up , man ! I can not hear ! next door , walter turn up the volume on a small tv as he watch , glue to every word . through the tv -- ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 122. 146 continued : 146 on tv : johnny D sit across from Ed Bradley . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) you do not kill ronda morrison ? walter ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) no , sir , I do not see ronda morrison a day in my life . God know I be not . ed BRADLEY ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) where be you on the day of the murder ? walter ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) at my house . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) do you ever go into monroeville on the day of the murder ? walter ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) no , sir . never go to monroeville period . on tv : walter walk down the death row walkway , toward he cell . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) mcmillian be certainly not a typical death row inmate , he have a good job in the log business , have no prior felony conviction , and live with he family near monroeville he entire life ... 147 int . death row - guard station - continuous action 147 Jeremy and some other guard watch the show on a small tv as -- on tv : bryan speak to Ed Bradley in the interview we start with -- ( continued ) % eh fh fhf fh hf + eh 147 just mercy continued : - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 122a . 147 bryan ( v.o . ) ( on tv ) I have never have a case where the State 's only evidence of guilt come from one person . where there 's no motive , there 's no physical evidence , there 's no corroborate circumstance , there 's nothing but the word of one person . 148 just mercy - full yellow 123. int . bar ( monroeville ) - continuous action 148 sheriff tate drink with some off-duty cop , all watch -- on tv : Ed Bradley sit with Ralph myer , in he prison uniform . ralph ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) I tell they I have see a young girl lay on the floor with she mouth open . johnny D stand over she . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) do he have a gun ? ralph ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) yeah , I have tell the court that , yeah . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) be it true ? tight on tate , fume as -- ralph ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) no , sir , not at all . nowhere near true . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) why should anyone believe you now ? when you be take back what you say at the trial , under oath . ralph ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) well , it 's like this . I do not know the word for that , but I can tell you this much ... right be right , and wrong be wrong . and for a man to straighten he own life out , he must tell the truth . he must try to do what be right , and that 's what I be tryin' to do . 149 just mercy - full yellow 124 . int . tommy chapman 's house - live room - continuous 149 action Tommy sit with he wife and two young son ( 8 , 10 ) , eat and watch the tv -- on tv : Tommy respond to a question from Ed Bradley . ed BRADLEY ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) how would you characterize Ralph myer ? tommy ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) Ralph 's about as low as you can get . he 's a scum . ed BRADLEY ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) a liar ? tommy ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) yes , sir , I have characterize he a liar , particularly now . cut to bryan , mid-interview : bryan ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) I be sure Ralph myer would agree that any threat he be under in prison , be nothing like the threat he 's under now , have recante he testimony and open himself back up to perjury charge , to capital murder charge . what myer have do be take a pretty radical risk . tommy ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) what 's wrong with we criminal justice system be the fact that , um , people want to come back sometime and second - guess jury . uh , I do not think there be any law enforcement misconduct in this case , I do not think anyone 's prove it . ( continued ) 149 150 151 just mercy - full yellow 125 . continued : 149 bryan ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) the prosecutor 's job be not to obtain a conviction , it 's to achieve justice . and one of the great tragedy about this case , be that somebody in Monroe County have literally get away with murder . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) if a execution date be set for mcmillian , and that day come and it 's time for he to go to the electric chair , would you be comfortable ? tommy ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) yes ... I have be comfortable with it . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) you think it 's , fair , just , he have he ... tommy ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) he have he day in court . he , uh , be try by a jury and they hear the testimony and they believe it . hold on Tommy as he chew on he dinner , ponder he role in this story as -- over '' 60 minute '' audio : int . eji office - day 150 bryan type a motion as Eva bring a law book to he desk for reference . ext . state judicial build - day 151 bryan walk up the step of the grand entrance , ready for court . ( continued ) 151 a152 152 just mercy - full yellow 126 . continued : 151 bryan ( v.o . ) ( on tv ) next we will be present we evidence to the Alabama Supreme Court , hope they 'il see what we think be very clear , that walter mcmillian be innocent . back to tv a final shot of walter escort to he cell . ed BRADLEY ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) mcmillian 's fate be now in the hand of the Alabama Supreme Court , which be expect to decide soon if he 's entitle to a new trial . ext . eji office - day ( establishing ) a152 superimpose : 3 month later int . eji office - day 152 track Eva through the busy main room of the office . she drop a file on the desk of a new , male lawyer # 1 ( 20 , black ) . eva lunch vote . Chris 's or martha 's ?... hand up for Chris 's ? male lawyer # 2 ( 20 , white ) stop typing to raise he hand along with male lawyer # 1 . eva martha 's ? Brenda raise she hand , along with female lawyer ( 20 , black ) , stand at the copy machine spew out page . eva bryan ! tie-breaker ! bryan ( 0.s. ) martha 's ! Brenda raise she fist in the air -- victory . ( continued ) 152 a153 b153 c153 153 154 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 127 . continued : 152 Eva drop a final file on Brenda 's desk as she phone ring . she pick it up -- brenda eji , this be Brenda . off she look -- int . eji office - bryan 's office - moment later a153 Brenda knock on the open to bryan 's office . as bryan look up from he cluttere desk -- eva the clerk from the Supreme Court say they ruling in the mcmillian case be ready to be pick up . bryan look stunne for a moment , then he quickly get up and rush out the door . everyone in the office watch he go . ext . STREET ( montgomery ) - moment later b153 bryan walk quickly through downtown Montgomery , try to keep he expectation realistic as he pick up the pace , break into a light run . ext . alabama supreme court build - moment later c153 bryan run up the tall stair toward -- int . alabama supreme court - file room - moment later 153 a clerk slide the 35 - page document under a glass partition . bryan take it , flip to the first page , start to read , he gaze give nothing away as -- monroe county newscast 154 stella taylor ( reporter ) stand in the Alabama courthouse lobby , people move behind she as she speak into the camera -— — ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 128 . 154 continued : 154 stella taylor ( v.o. ) a wave of shock roll through Monroe County today when the Alabama Supreme Court overturn the circuit court 's previous decision and grant a new trial to convict killer walter ' johnny d' mcmillian . cut to -- bryan in the lobby , mid-interview . bryan ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) this be the first time a court outside the county be show the overwhelming evidence that prove Mr. mcmillian 's innocence . though the court grant he a new trial , we believe he deserve to be release immediately , and that 's what we will be argue at the next hearing . the camera zoom in on Tommy as he exit the courtroom . stella taylor ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) Mr. chapman , how do you feel about today 's decision ? tommy ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) no comment at this time . as Tommy head out the door -- 155 int . tommy chapman 's house - dine table - night 155 Tommy sit at the table , look over paperwork from mcmillian 's case , stress . his wife enter , hand he a glass of water . she rub he back , see he anxiety . tommy if I do not keep fightin’ this , I be not gonna have a job when it 's over . tommy wife do you think he do it ? ( continued ) 155 a156 b156 just mercy - full yellow 129 . continued : 155 tommy ( beat ; then ) it do not matter what I think . tommy wife of course , it do . as Tommy ponder she word -- ext . eji office - day a156 a black car stop in front of the office . a state officer in a suit step out , envelope in he hand . he walk to the door and into -- int . eji office - next b156 the state officer enter the office , see Eva with a stack of file . state officer I be look for attorney bryan stevenson . Eva motion toward the desk as bryan look up , stand as the Officer walk to he . state officer Mr. stevenson ? bryan yes ? he hand he a official envelope . state officer I have be order to serve this plead to you . the Officer leave . all eye in the office be on bryan as he open the envelope , take out the file , and read . his face fall , process for a beat before -- bryan Tommy chapman be ask the court to stay the proceedings so the order for a new trial be not implement . he 's claim he now want to reinvestigate the crime . ( more ) ( continued ) b156 c156 d156 just mercy - full yellow 130 . continued : b156 bryan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ; look up ) he 's try to block we to buy time to rebuild he case . eva that son of a bitch . bryan can not believe this be happen . he grip the file in he hand , walk toward the door , infuriate . eva you want some backup ? bryan I be good . ext . monroe county - afternoon c156 bryan 's car drive by . int . / ext . bryan 's civic / chapman 's house - evening d156 bryan drive up to Tommy 's house , get out , and stride up to the front door -- knock knock knock . a beat of bryan keep he anger in check . the door open , Tommy see bryan glaring back at he . tommy bryan . bryan ( not hold back ) you be ask the court to keep a man on death row that you know be innocent ? Tommy step outside , close the door , square up against he . tommy not sure what you mean . bryan the Supreme Court support all the evidence we present , and every one of you witness have recante . you have get nothing leave . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 131 . d156 continued : d156 tommy my investigation be still in process . bryan we both know you be not go to find anything . Tommy stare at hima beat . then -- tommy do you have any idea the bullshit I have put up with since you ' 60 Minutes 's story aire ? I get the governor on my ass , the naacp callin’ I a racist , ronda 's family checkin’ in every day . bryan you can not keep a innocent man in prison while you try to salvage you reputation . tommy this be not get nothin’ to do with my reputation . it 's about the people in this county who hire I to keep they safe . bryan what people be you talk about ? the one in this neighborhood ? or the one from the black community you take mcmillian from ? you think they feel safe ? ( off Tommy 's look ) you job be not to defend a conviction , it 's to achieve justice . and as long as you keep fight we , someone in you county be literally get away with murder . tommy you drive all the way down here at dinnertime just to tell I how to do my job ? bryan no . I be here because I think you know the difference between right and wrong , and you know johnny D do not kill she . ( more ) ( continued ) d156 156 157 just mercy - Rev. 9/14/18 ( goldenrod ) 132. continued : ( 2 ) d156 bryan ( cont 'd ) ( off he look ) I be filing a motion to dismiss all charge , and I think you should join it . for a brief second , it seem as if bryan 's word might break through . but then , Tommy speak -- tommy next time you wanna stop by my house , I have appreciate you callin’ first . ( beat ) get the hell off my property . Tommy head inside as bryan turn back to he car , unfaze . int . holman prison - check - in - day 156 a black guard ( 5as ) check bryan 's id , signing he in . black guard saw you on tv a few time , talkin’ ' bout mcmillian . bryan smile , unsure what he will say next . then , the guard hold out he fist . bryan give hima bump . a moment of connection before he head inside . int . holman prison - visiting room - day 157 bryan sit across from walter . bryan we will be present we motion to a new judge this time . it will bea small hearing to present we motion to drop the charge against you . walter and what happen when they say no ? bryan ( try to be positive ) then we start over with a new trial . clean slate . walter lean back , shake he head . ( continued ) just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 133 . 157 continued : 157 walter be in here six year . and they gonna make we start this all over ? bryan I know it 's frustrating , but think about how far we have come . bryan can see he 's not connect . he reach into a bag and pull out a suit , spread it on the table . bryan I do not want you wear a jumpsuit this time . ( off he look ) regardless of what happen , I want they to know that we expect they to send you home . walter touch the fabric of the coat , try hard to believe there might be hope , but can not get there . he shake he head . walter you ever think about die ? bryan why would you ask that ? walter look off , deep in think . then -- walter that 's all everybody in here talk about . what they gonna do before they execute , what they gonna eat for they last meal , who they givin’ they stuff to . I always try to stay away from talk like that , try to stay positive . but the longer this go , the harder it be to stop my mind from goin’ there . bryan you can not think like that . ( beat ) we be too close to give up now . walter I know . ( long beat ) I be just tired . ( continued ) 157 158 159 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 134 , continued : ( 2 ) 157 bryan see the exhaustion in he eye . he do not know how much more he friend can endure . ext . baldwin county courthouse - day 158 bryan 's Civic pull into the pack parking lot . a handful of people ( black and white ) walk to the door from they car . int . baldwin county courthouse - day 159 bryan , Eva , and Brenda walk down the hall , exchange concerned look as they see a large group of people in front of the courtroom door . all of they be black . walter 's friend and family . bryan exchange a concerned look with Eva as he find Evelyn , minnie , John , and the rest of walter 's family . bryan what 's go on ? minnie they will not let we in . Evelyn point to a young guard ( 22 , white ) stand at the door , let a short line of white people through . evelyn that boy 's makin 's we wait out here for over a hour . bryan quickly approach the Guard , boil . bryan what be you do ? young guard just followin’ order . bryan know exactly who give that order . he continue firmly . bryan this be a public hearing and this people need to be let in right now . the Guard do not know quite what to do . do not really matter , anyway , the last white audience member walk in . young guard umm ... y’all can go in now . ( continued ) 159 160 just mercy - Rev. 8/31/18 ( Green ) 135 . continued : 159 eva ( piss ) you mean now that there 's no seat leave ? as the Guard stare at Eva , minnie diffuse the tension , do not want to ruin she chance to get inside . minnie it 's okay . we will find room . the Guard stand firm as minnie lead the group inside . int . baldwin county courthouse - courtroom - continuous 160 action bryan sit at the defense table with walter , in he suit . Eva and Brenda be with walter 's family , stand behind a sea of white people . 40 member of walter 's community also stand at the back , peer over the head of the white audience as -- sheriff tate sit behind Tommy and he assistant at they table . Tommy look through he papers , deep in think . bailiff # 2 the twenty - eighth judicial circuit Court of Alabama be now in session , the honorable judge pamela baschab preside ! the courtroom stand as judge baschab ( 40s , white ) enter . bailiff # 2 find he place as the judge settles in . judge baschab please be seat . ( as they sit ) we get a full house so let 's try to move through this in a timely manner . we be here because Mr. stevenson have file a motion to dismiss all charge against Mr. mcmillian in this case . ( beat ) Mr. stevenson , since it 's you motion , I have like you to speak to it first , and then we will hear from the State . bryan stand . he look at walter , try to control he nerve , then to walter 's family , and the man and woman stand in back . he look forward , strong . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 136 . 160 continued : 160 bryan it 's easy to see this case as one man try to prove he innocence . but when you put a black man on death row for a year before he trial , and exclude black people from serve on he jury ... when you base you conviction on the coerce testimony of a white felon and ignore the testimony of two dozen law-abide black witness ... when any evidence prove he innocence be suppress , and anyone who try to tell the truth be threaten , this case become more than the trial of a single defendant , it become a test of whether we be go to be govern by fear and anger or by the rule of law . ( beat ) if the people stand in the back of this courtroom be all presume guilty when accuse , if they have to live in fear of when this very thing will happen to they , if we be just go to accept a system that treat you better if you be rich and guilty than if you be poor and innocent , then we can not claim to be just . bryan take a beat to look at Tommy . they briefly lock eye . bryan if we say we be commit to equal justice under law , to protect the rights of every citizen regardless of wealth , race , or status , then we have to end this nightmare for walter mcmillian and he family . the charge against he have be prove to be a false construction of desperate people , fuel by bigotry and bias , who ignore the truth in exchange for easy solution . that 's not the law ... that 's not justice ... that 's not right . ( long beat ) this case should be dismiss immediately , you honor . thank you . ( continued ) 160 just mercy - full yellow 137 . continued : ( 2 ) 160 bryan take he seat . silence as -- judge baschab Mr. chapman , what be the State 's position on this motion ? Tommy sit there , deep in think , play with he pencil . he stay silent long enough to make it awkward . judge baschab Mr. chapman ? tommy yes , you honor . sorry , I be just ... Tommy reluctantly stand , unsure of what to say . tommy I be troubled , you honor . the judge glance at bryan , confuse by Tommy 's statement . judge baschab you be troubled ? tommy yes , you honor , sorry I ... ( hesitates ) people in this community want to go to sleep at night knowin’ that if someone commit a terrible crime , that someone be gonna be punish for it ... ( beat ) but ... I have take another look at the evidence , and ... Tommy turn to walter 's people stand in the back . he glance at bryan , then to the judge . another long beat ... judge baschab Mr. chapman , please . Tommy think for another beat . then finally -- tommy the State do not object to the motion , you honor . a stunne beat . murmur in the courtroom . ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 138 . continued : ( 3 ) 160 judge baschab ( to Tommy ) to be clear , Mr. chapman . be you join the motion to dismiss all charge today ? tommy ( beat ) yes , you honor . the murmur grow louder from the courtroom as -- judge baschab order , please . silence fall . judge baschab be quiet a beat , consider everything . then , she look at Tommy and bryan . judge baschab well , y’all make my job easy today . walter and he family hold they breath , nervous and unsure as to what this mean as -- judge baschab in the case of the people versus . mcmillian , the court hereby grant the defendant 's motion . ( beat ; look to walter ) all charge against you be dismiss , Mr. mcmillian . you be free to go . walter sit in stunne silence , try to process as -- his family erupt in joyful sob . minnie hug John and Jackie . Eva hug Brenda . tate shoot Tommy a disappointed look as he walk out the door . amidst the rejoice , move in close on walter as he suddenly hide he face in he hand , unable to control the emotion inside of he . bryan lean in , try to comfort he . bryan realize walter need he family . he glance at Eva , who nod back -- she understand . she wave to minnie , John and Jackie to follow she down the aisle . they stop at the partition . minnie look to the judge , who nod for she to continue . she rush to walter , she child close behind , all of they crouch down and embrace he where he sit . ( continued ) 160 161 162 just mercy - full yellow 139 . continued : ( 4 ) 160 bryan step back , let they have they moment . he see Tommy watch the reunite of this family . they briefly lock eye . Tommy offer a humble nod , which bryan return . then , he exchange a know look with Eva , neither of they fully able to believe this be really happen as -- clanging fill the air , overtake all sound . follow by the shout of men , yelling , banging against bar as -- int . holman prison - death row - afternoon 161 walter step out of he cell in a black suit , duffle bag on he shoulder as a hundre men yell , whistle , and bang they metal cup on the bar , let he know he 's not alone . Jeremy and a guard walk behind walter , let he lead for once as he walk to -- intercut with : int . anthony' cell Anthony stand at he door , sad to see walter go , but proud for he friend . he stick he hand through the slot , fight back tear as he shake walter 's hand . ANTHONY we all with you , brother . the word give walter strength . he hesitates , then let go of Anthony 's hand . Anthony look at he through tear as -- int . / ext . bryan 's civic / walter 's house - later 162 bryan drive , walter beside he . on he way home from prison , both still not fully able to believe it . bryan make he way down the long dirt road toward walter 's house as walter soak it in like he 's see everything for the first time . walter ( point to a house ) benny get a new truck . bryan glance at he , move by he childlike wonder . ( continued ) 162 163 just mercy - full yellow 140 . continued : 162 they pull up to walter 's house , the front yard pack with people , grill meat and celebrate walter 's return . a few of they wave to walter as they pull up . bryan park , turn off the engine . a quiet moment between friend as walter hesitates , then -- walter spend so much time thinkin’ ' bout die in there , never think about what I have do if I get out . walter watch all he friend cooking and laugh . minnie wave for he to hurry up . he wave back . walter that six year be not all they take from I ... they take a lot more than that . ( beat ) not sure how I be gonna do this . bryan ( beat ; caring ) we will figure it out . walter look at bryan , full of gratitude as a smile form . walter let 's go eat everything on that grill before the kid get to it . bryan ( smile ) great idea . they step out of the car and walk to the party as -- walter ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) I hear some people say that I gettin’ out show that this system be workin’ . int . U.S. senate committee hearing - day 163 walter sit at a table with bryan , address the 20 senator seat in a semi-circle in front of he . behind they , a room full of reporter and community leader . walter continue -- ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 141 . 163 continued : 163 walter but if pullin’ a innocent man from he family and lockin’ he ina cell for 6 year be what you call workin’ , we get a different understandin’ of the word . I still can not sleep past 3 a.m. , ' cause that 's when the guard wake we up for breakfast . everywhere I go , I make sure somebody know where I be and what I be do . when I go to the store , I make the cashier sign my receipt , so if somebody tell I six month later I be do a murder on the other side of town , I can show ‘em proof of where I be . ( emotional beat ) I see seven man kill while I be in there . some of they be my close friend . I know they be not all innocent . but they still people . and ... walter 's emotion overtake he , think about Herbert and Anthony and all that he leave behind , the piece of himself he will never get back . bryan pat he shoulder , can see he can not go on , so he take over for he . leans into the mic , address the Senators . bryan this man have teach I a lot in the time I have know he ... I come out of law school with grand idea in my mind about how to change the world . but then I start work with people who be wrongly convict ; child who be send to adult prison where they be rape and abuse ; people with mental and physical disability who be throw into cell when they should be in hospital ; vulnerable people call I every day , begging for help . sometimes the problem seem so big , I feel like a fool for think I could do anything to fix it . ( beat ) but work with Mr. mcmillian make I realize that we can not change the world with only idea in we mind , we also need conviction in we heart . ( more ) ( continued ) just mercy - full yellow 142 . 163 continued : ( 2 ) 163 bryan look up as bryan bryan ( cont 'd ) this man teach I how to stay hopeful , because I now know that hopelessness be the enemy of justice . hope allow we to push forward , even when the truth be distort by the people in power . it allow we to stand up when they tell we to sit down , and to speak when they say be quiet . ( beat ) through this work , I have learn that each of we be more than the worst thing we have ever do ; that the opposite of poverty be not wealth , the opposite of poverty be justice ; that the character of we nation be not reflect in how we treat the rich and privileged , but how we treat the poor , the disfavor and condemn . ( beat ) we system have take more from this innocent man than it have the power to give back . but I believe if each of we can follow he lead , we can begin to change this world for the better . if we can look at ourselves closely , and honestly , I believe we will see that we all need justice , we all need mercy and perhaps , we all need some measure of unmerite grace . sit back in he chair , let that sink in . walter at he with playful disbelief . the mic pick he walter I teach you all that ? ( off bryan 's nod ) that 's pretty good . laugh along with a handful of the Senators as -- series of photo over photo of real - life bryan , walter , and Eva : superimpose : -- bryan stevenson have be fighting for death row inmate for 29 year . ( continued ) 163 164 just mercy - full yellow 143 . continued : ( 3 ) 163 -- together , bryan , eva , and the eji staff , have won reversal , relief , or release for over 115 wrongly condemned prisoner on death row . -- for every 9 people who have be execute in the U.S. , one innocent person have be exonerated and released from death row . int . death row - ANTHONY 's cell - day 164 freeze on Anthony look out of he cell . superimpose : -- in 1985 ANTHONY ray hinton be sentenced to death for a double homicide . he conviction be base almost entirely on a faulty ballistics report . -- the prosecutor at trial say that he could tell ANTHONY be guilty , and '' evil , '' solely from he appearance . fade out . over black superimpose : in 2016 , after spending 30 year on holman prison 's death row for a crime he did not commit , ANTHONY ray hinton be set free . fade in : actual news footage of the real bryan stevenson walk out of prison with the real ANTHONY ray hinton ( 5as ) , camera flash as he embrace he sister with tear in he eye . he 's quickly smother by the hug and tear of love one as -- bryan watch from the side , grateful for the moment , but remind that all of we can do better for one another . the work continue . fade to black . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . picture script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632