Rev. Rev. Rev. rev , Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. rev . k- pax screenplay by Charles leavitt 11/03/00 11/08/00 11/12/00 41/14/00 41/15/00 11/20/00 14/28/00 12/07/00 42/08/00 12/11/00 01/09/01 01/16/01 01/22/01 02/06/01 02/42/01 02/27/01 o7m7/01 07/20/04 07/26/01 07/30/01 ( Blue ) ( page ) ( pink ) ( page ) ( yellow ) ( page ) ( Green ) ( page ) ( goidenrod ) ( page ) ( buff ) ( page ) ( salmon ) ( page ) ( cherry ) ( page ) ( Tan ) ( page ) ( grey ) ( page ) ( vary ) ( page ) ( 2 '' Blue ) ( page ) { 2 '' pink ) ( page ) ( 2 " yellow ) ( page ) ( 2 Green ) ( page ) ( 2 " * goldenrod ) ( page ) ( 2 " * buff ) ( page ) ( 2 salmon ) ( page ) ( 2 cherry ) ( page ) ( 2 °? Tan ) ( page ) ( base on the novel '' k - pax '' by gene brewer ) shoot draft White October 24 , 2000 int . grand central station ~ new york - day New immigrant family stand in ticket line next to body - pierce teens . dozen of language fly through the air , none of they English . this be the crossroad of the world for the down and out , hard luck and New York on 5 dollar a day crowd . Witness to it all be a grey ~ bearded black homeless veteran who sit with he prosthetic leg park beside he . vet dollar of ' a homeless vet . help out a homeless vet . ( as a student with a duffel bag hurry past ) c'mon , li'l man - I fight the war with you daddy . p'nam pen. y'all be not pay I for this leg yet ! a young , swedish couple with backpack catch he eye . vet ( cont 'd ) yo , swiss miss - let 's see that smile ! how ' bout you fritz ? I know y'all get a wallet in that backpack . freeloadin 's mother - ( stop midword , as a asian family with many bundle pass by ) heyyy - Jackie Chan ! shanghai noon ! I take traveler 's check . yeah , arrigato to you , too ! he pause for a moment , with a curious expression , as someone else catch he eye ... a beam of hazy sunlight shine down through one of the high arched window of the terminal building ... onto a man . or a apparition . the vet squint , closely ... as the figure seem to emerge from the sunlight . Dark , wraparound sunglass mark he placid face . he wear corduroy pants , a fade denim shirt . and though he carry no luggage ; he cheap canvas shoe look like they have get some mile on they . we will come to know this " man " as prot . for now , he just stand there , take everything in with the fascination of a tourist , as the crowd bustles around he . suddenly - in front of the rest room ~ two young thug bump into a middle - age russian woman . one wrenching she suitcase away - the other knock she down . continued 1 continued : as she scream for help , they run off - shove past prot and into the crowd . prot watch they for a moment ... as if unsure whether to register anger or caution . then , he turn to the woman . she be on the ground , daze and sobbing , while everyone step quickly around she . prot approach she . the vet keep a careful eye on he . prot stop , stand over the woman . she look up at he dark glass , stocky shoulder , fearfully . but as he hold he hand out , and offer a smile ... she fear be strangely allay . prot here , let I help you . the crackle of walkie - talkie interrupt , as two transit cop hurry over . 1st officer hold it right there ! vet oh , man ~ he be not do nothin' . the officer nevertheless regard prot with suspicion . 1st officer step away from she . prot this woman be hurt . 2nd officer ma'am , what happen ? the woman struggle with limited English . woman eh - take bag ... eh - hit . 2nd officer who take you bag and hit you ? this man ? the vet shake he head at the cop , sorrily . vet no , no . couple a punk . they run run eff . y'always comin ' around too late - askin ' what ? where ? how ? this brother just tryin ' to help she . continued Rev. 11/15/00 ( goldenrod ) 3 +. continued : ( 2 ) be woman ( one eye on prot , try to explain , unable to ) yes - he ~ he ~ he . the lst officer speak into he radio : ast officer four-eight , this be romano . robbery and assault victim with facial wound at West forty - second entrance , ( then , to prot ) Sir , I would like you to just stand right there , answer a couple of question for I . Standard procedure . the 2nd officer carefully handcuffs prot . prot give both officer a curious smile , as if discern a foreign custom . prot of course . 1st officer be you travel somewhere ? prot I have arrive . my travel be over for * the time be . * 1st officer where 's you luggage ? prot luggage ? * ist officer * you bag . * prot * I do not require luggage . * the officer take a good , hard look at prot . his sunglass , canvas low - top , general appearance . outside , a ambulance pull up with a whoop . a m.t. enter the Station , start tend to the woman . 1st officer opress prot} do you have a ticket ? ( off prot 's look ) * a train ticket . a ticket stub . * prot : * I do not arrive by train . * continued Rev. 11/15/00 ( goldenrod ) 4. 1 continued : ( 3 ) 1st officer * then , what be you do in the train * Station , sir ? . prot * it seem a likely place to begin . the officer glance at each other , this be beginning to sound familiar . vet * name ! rank ! serial number ! all you * get to give them , my man ! * 1st officer freddy , chill . * {back to prot ) * would you remove you sunglass for * I , please ? prot I would rather not . of course , the warn I about the photokinetic energy from star G - 643 , or as you would call it , the sun , but , I mean , wow ! you planet be really bright ! bee eh a wry understanding move across both officer ' face . 1st officer I see ... . ( into he radio ) West forty - two . we have a e.d.p . 2nd officer ( to pret , politely ) I be go to ask you to come with we . prot ( polite in return ) certainly . as prot be lead away , the vet strap on he leg and get himself up . for some strange reason he feel a affinity with prot . a2 ext . grand central station - day a2 as prot be lead outside . his dark glass take in the noisy chaos of New York , with amazement . the vet hobble out the door , as prot be place in a police car . the lst officer come back over to the vet . 1st officer you see this fella come out of a gate ? continued Rev. 11/15/00 ( goldenrod ) 4ar , a2 continued : a2 the vet lean closer , with import , to the officer : vet do not come from no gate . brother just ... come outta nowhere . you know what I be sayin ' ? continued a2 b2 b2a c2 Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) ( replacement scene ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) a2 the officer consider the vet a moment , smell the alcohol on he breath . 1st officer yeah , freddy . I know what you be say . ext . manhattan ~ day - quick cut : b2 steam . Metal sheet on road clatter as police car speed over it ... pan down through grill over bridge of police car speed underneath we . pov from inside police car of metal lattice work on bridge stxrobing past . the reflection of a skyscraper ... become a syringe . ext . manhattan psychiatric institute ( mpt ) - day b2a * establish hospital . Powell walk to entrance . * int . manhattan psychiatric institute ( mpi ) — day c2 looking out the window of dr . powell' office onto the traffic on 112th and Amsterdam below . horn honk , driver cuss . superimpose : one month later ernie ( v.0 . ) I - I do not want to go outside ... because , you know ... there 's thing ++. that can kill you . int . dr . powell' office ~ same 2 dr . MARK powell , who have be stare out he window , close it , shutting out the noisy world . ernie sit in a comfortable chair . pale , nervous , he wear rubber glove and speak through a surgical mask . ernie ( relieved ) thank you . JI mean you breathe all that chemical out there . not to mention the cosmic ray and that - that West Nile virus - and the other one ! the new airborne pigeon disease nobody want to talk about ! continued Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) ( replacement scene ) sa * , continued : 2 powell , late -forty , take he seat . he rolis a gold montblanc pen in he finger as he listen to Ernie cover he tedium with the study patience of a man who 's be at he job a long time . perhaps , too long . continued 2 continued : powell pigeon disease - I have hear of that . ernie and - and another thing that 's be bother I - be the food . the cafeteria serve lukewarm food - full of germ ! you need to do something about that , Doctor Powell . heat be bbe only thing that kill the germ . eat ! powell Point take . npretend to seriously jot it down on he pad ) we will look inte that xight away . in the meantime ~ I want you to start take you medication again . ( remind he ) it 's liquid now , so you can not choke on it . it will help you sleep . and you need to sleep , Ernie . sleep be good . Ernie shake he head vehemently . ernie sleep !? you ~ you - you know what happen when you sleep ? you can swallow you tongue - or - or fall out of bed , break you neck . ( slump in the chair , a hopeless knot of worry ) or ... or burst a blood vessel in you head . never even wake up ... Powell 's beeper go off , much to he relief . he glance at the clock on the wall , press a buzzer by he chair . ernie be ... be we time up ? Powell address the fear on Ernie 's face with a rush smile . powell only for today , Ernie . he barely wait for the attendant , simm , to come in and escort Ernie out , before speak into a hand hold recorder : powell ( cont 'd ) patient one -five~six , Ernie coleman . suggest slightly increase dosage of anafronil . Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) 7 . int . powell' outer office - in a minute as Powell get he jacket from the coat rack . joyce trexler sit at she computer . picture of she husband , a policeman , and she grow child grace she desk . as well as a knit affirmation that read : " there be a rest_ of you life . " she keep she eye on she screen , she voice pleasant : mrs . trexler two call . you wife , bring home a bottle of wine . and Doctor chakraborty ~ transfer from Bellevue he want you to take a look at . Joyce hand he a file . powell great . who be it this time , Jesus or Joan of Arc ? Mrs. trexler just raise a eyebrow to he . after fifteen year as he secretary , she 's use to the sarcasm . mrs . trexler Doctor chakraborty do not say . int . manhattan psychiatric - MAIN floor Powell navigate through nurse , social worker , police transfer homeless psychotics ... head nurse betty mcallister , a unflappable woman , block he path with a clipboard . beside she , two attendant hold a dishevel scream man . mcallister can you admit this patient , Doctor Powell ? they find he on the West side highway . audition to be somebody 's hood ornament . powell why be he scream ? mcallister he think if he stop the world will end . powell not before Saturday night . I have knick ticket . mcallister give he a wry eye , as he sign the admit paper . just as he 's about to escape , she hand he a second clipboard . continued ee 4 as Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd saimon ) ( replacement scenes} 8. continued : powell when he calm down I want to sit down and talk to he . mcallister and this be to boost Mrs. archer 's Zoloft . powell I do not want to boost Mrs. archer 's Zoloft . I want Mrs. archer to get out and get some exercise . mcallister with who ~~ she personal trainer ? c'mon , doc. I be short -hande here . Powell look at the clipboard . reluctantly write the prescription . as yet another clipboard be slip to he . mcallister ed. halidol . he bit Navarro 's thumb off , yesterday ! powell I know , Betty . but haldol 's not go to curb he appetite . he hand she back she clipboard , leave she with a wink . powell maybe we should all start scream . CUT to : ext . manhattan psychiatric institute ( mpi ) - day Powell enter hospital . int . elevator - continuous Powell release a harry breath against the close door - then notice he share the elevator with a attendant and a patient . the patient , sal , a big , puggish , middle - age bald man give Powell a evil eye . sal you stink ! as the attendant wait with sal , Powell oblige he with a brief smile . as he exit , say : powell have a nice day , sal . as AG Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) ge , int . manhattan psychiatric - hallway a6 Powell move past a one - way glass . see prot in he room for observaton , apparently look at himself in the glass . something about prot -- perhaps simply he arrest appearance ~~ stop Powell . he stop to look at he . it be * as if prot be look directly at he . * Powell stop a puzzle beat . prot smile . cur to : int . mpi - clinic - day 6 close on several X - ray and mri scan of a cranium as they be snap into place by dr . chakraborty , the chief clinical physician . Harvard School have not dull he affable indian accent . he turn as Powell enter . powell do they change out the one - way glass in the observation room ? chakraborty no . why ? powell because there 's a guy in there -~ [ could swear he be watch I . what 's wrong with he ? chakraborty he arrive at Bellevue a month ago , suspicion of hallucinogenic intoxication - but find negative for substance of any kind . blood value , ekg ~ all normal . no sign of concussion , no brain tumor , no temporal lobe epilepsy ~ no indication of organic abnormality whatsoever . however , after one month , amnesia and delusion have persist . * he look over he bifocal . chakraborty he claim to be ... not human. ( clarify ) ' a visitor from another planet . tee * Powell sit on a stool , study the new transfer 's file . powell they administer thorazine on this guy for three week at 300 milligram a day ~ and he be unresponsive . ( more ) continued Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 9a *. continued : 6 powell ( cont 'd ) ( look up at chakraborty , skeptical ) how the hell can you be unresponsive to 300 milligram of thorazine ? it 's impossible . chakraborty look over he bifocal , at Powell . chakraborty that 's why they have send he to you . Powell take in chakraborty 's look for a moment . then , with a frown , look back down at the file . powell terrific . no i.d. no miss person report match he description ... then , baffle , powel ] lift up from the file ... a sheet of notebook paper , handwritten in pencil , of the most astounding alien- look hieroglyphics . powell what the hell be this ? chakraborty he have it on he . Powell can not help let out a wry chuckle . : continued Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) 10 . 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 powell let 's hope extraterrestrials qualify for medicaid . a7 hallway near powell' office at Navarro and simm escort prot to Powell 's office . 7 int . powell' office ~ afternoon 7 Powell speak into he recorder . the file in front of he . powell patient two eight seven ... ( check the name ) call himself ... " prot . " his door buzy . Powell leave the recorder run , get up from he desk , he straighten he tie , put on a professional face . powell ( cont 'd ) come in . two attendant , navarro and simm escort ... prot ... into the room . he wear the same denim shirt , corduroy pants and canvas shoe as we see he in before . he smile , from behind he dark glass , at Powell . Navarro , a big , bearish Puerto rican , reassure Powell with a nod , anda bandage thumb 's up . navarro this one 's gentle as a pussycat , Doc , Powell , nevertheless , keep a careful eye on prot , who remain stand ... as Navarro and simm exit , close the door . Powell motion to one of two chair . powell wo not you have a seat . prot . have a seat , curious expression . as they both slowly sit , Powell probe prot 's sunglass . powell be it ... too bright in here ? prot quite bright - one of the first thing a visitor to you planet notice . continued Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) 1oa *. 7 continued : powell ah hah . well , let I introduce myself . I be - continued will . 7 continued : prot Doctor Mark Powell . Chief of clinical psychiatry of the Manhattan psychiatric Institute . Powell regards he a moment , surprised . powell good . you know where you be . ( have to check the file again ) now ...°' prot ' be it ? prot ocorrect he , pronounce it like " goat ' ) prot . powell ; I see . well ... prot . we be here to talk . I be go to ask you some question , if you feel like answer they , you may , ( as genuinely as he can ) I want you to feel comfortable . prot reach for a bowl of fruit on the desk beside they . prot thank you . May I ? Powell consider the request , a little wary . powell please . prot pick a apple , admire it . prot - . Red delicious you call this variety . my favorite . Powell watch as prot take a bite with a rapturous sigh . powell ; I would like to begin by ask if you know why you be here ? prot of course . you think I be crazy . Powell stare , as prot devour the apple , core and all . continued Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 12 . continued : from behind smile . ( 2 ) powell we prefer to use the term ' ill . ' ( force a smile ) do you think you be ... ill ? prot a little homesick , perhaps . powell ( careful ) really ? and where be home ? the dark wraparound glass come a celestial prot k -~pax . powell ( study he ) kaynpack ? prot Capital k - hyphen - capital p- a-x . roughly translate into you Roman alphabet . ( start in on another apple ) k- pax be a planet . Powell contemplate the conviction with which this be just say . when prot suddenly laugh : prot ( cont 'd ) do not worry - I be not go to leap out of you chest ! powell ch , I be not worried . it 's just that I be only familiar with nine planet . prot ( between bite ) actually , there be ten , but that do not matter - I be not from you solar system . k- pax be about a thousand of you light year from here . near what you call you constellation lyra . powell ( raise a eyebrow ) quite a way . I be curious ... how do you get to Earth ? continued Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 13. continued : ( 3 ) prot that 's somewhat difficult to explain . powell try I . prot pause from eat , try to think of how to put it . prot it 's a matter of harness the energy of light . ( see Powell be not go to get it ) I know that sound - crazy ~- to you . you being be eon away from discover light travel . Powell watch ... as prot raise a hand so that he finger touch the hazy sunlight filter through the window blind . powell you travel at the speed of light ? prot oh , no . we can travel many time that speed , various multiple of c. ( laugh ) otherwise , the trip here would have take I about a thousand year , now would not it have ? Powell try to couch he puzzle amusement with seriousness . powell what if I be to tell you - that accord to a man who live on we planet , name Einstein , nothing can travel faster than the speed of light . prot look at Powell , with a astute smile . prot I would say you misunderstand Einstein , Doctor Powell - may I call you Mark ? ( get chummy ) what you Einstein say , Mark , be that nothing can accelerate to the speed of light because its mass would become infinite . epnstein Said nothing about entity alread travel at the speed of tight , or faster - at tachyon speed . Powell stare back at he , at a complete loss . continued 14 , continued : ( 4 ) powell tachyon ... prot entity travel faster than the speed of dight be call tachyon . you can look it up . powell ( get a little peeve ) thank you , I will . prot watch powel ] jot down something with he montblanc pen . prot I detect a note of skepticism , Doctor Powell . powell not at all . it 's just that - you speak English so well , I be amaze . prot it 's not a very difficult language to zearn . you should try speak wxljqz - pit . Powell put he pen down , even more amaze at the guttural click and sound that just come out of prot 's mouth . powell i'm a little confuse . maybe you could explain to I , how it be - asa visitor from space — you look so much like I ~ or any other Earth person ? prot ( patiently ) why be a soap bubble round ? ( flex . } perplexedly why be a boap bubble round ? prot for a educate person , you repeat thing quite a bit , Mark . a soap bubble be round because that be the most energy - efficient configuration . similarly , on this planet I look like you ~ on k~pax , I look like a k - paxian . Powell have have just about enough of this . continued Rev. 12/07/00 ( cherry ) 15-158 . 7 continued : ( 5 ) 7 powell one more question - prot. oglance at the clock ) why do you want to come to Earth ? prot ( finish apple # 2 ) pure curiosity . I have never be to a class BA - 3 planet . powell class ... BA - 3 ? prot regards Powell with a patient sigh . prot early stage of evolution , future uncertain . stay on powell , as he feign a look of understanding . ja omitted of * jaa omitted tar * a8 asa Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) ( replacement scene ) 15c~d . omitted as ext . powell house - evening a8a * Powell enter house . * int . powell be home ~ suburban connecticut - evening 8 as Powell come in , carry a bottle of wine . he leave he briefcase in the front hallway . the house be well - to - do , art on the wall , a grand piano face a woodsy patio . Powell 's daughter , natalie , 6 , and gabby , 9 , sit trancelike in front of they playstation on a giant tv screen . Powell scratch they head , in greeting ... powell gabby , you do you homework ? gabby nod , barely look up . while Natalie present she father with a grin , display a new gap in she tooth . natalie I lose another tooth . continued r8 Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) 16 . continued : powell good . maybe the tooth fairy will come tonight . he leave she with that , and a little smile , head on toward the kitchen . Natalie , watch he go . natalie there be no tooth fairy . there 's just you and Mom . int . kitchen - continuous Powell carry the wine into the kitchen . where rachel powell be busy take the component of a reheat dinner from the oven , and place it on the kitchen table which she have set for two . she be a vibrant woman , and it 's clear she have take pain with the meal . rachel kid already eat . she stop to kiss Powell . a deep , commit kiss . rachel how be you day ? powell train be late . he turn to the counter , roll up he sleeve , go about uncork the wine . continued ok oe tee Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) 17 . continued : powell six -fifteen do not leave the station until almost six - thirty . fpour two glass , remark to himself , with half amusement ) should have catch the nearest beam of light . she finish toss the salad , regards he , curiously . rachel you catch what ? powell never mind . he place a glass of wine in front of she , with a smile . he 's really fill it to the top . powell how be you day ? she watch he gulp down half he glass of pinot blanc and turn he attention to the mail on the counter . rachel well - I send in the deposit for the house on the cape for the last two week of August ~ which work out perfectly , since gabby get out of camp on the fifteenth - Powell regards she a moment , at a loss , powell send in a deposit ? damnit , rache , that be not a definite . we be just talk - I say maybe . maybe some time in August look clear . a dispirite look cross she pretty eye ... as he turn back to the mail , find the new Journal of psychiatry in the stack . rachel maybe we should start pay you for you time . do you have a family rate ? powell oh , look . they publish my letter . rachel T have a talk with Natalie about be in the after school program next year , in case I go back to teach . continued g oe * * * + * +e ft frr +e the ee Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) 17a /18 * , continued : ( 2 ) rachel ( then feel like she 's talk to herself and ... this morning ... my head fall off , but I be able to sew it back on with dental floss . wax , of course . Powell stop flipping through the journal , turn to she . powell Dental floss ? what ? ( then , realize , apologize ) I be sorry , honey - I be not listen . she just take a sip of wine . hungry , have wait for he . rachel I know . come on , let 's eat . he sit down , bring the wine with he . tries to make thing good again with a smile and a sigh . powell train be late . I be tired . and to top it off , the city 's dump patient on we ... rhee ff ehh * * + tee 10 Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) 18a . int . bathroom ~ evening 3 Powell turn off the water , sit on the tub 's edge , sleeve wet . Natalie , in the bubble bath , give he the silent treatment . as Powell try to get she to look at he , he think a moment , laugh to himself , adopt a mock seriousness : powell do you know ... that we live ona class BA - 3 planet ? Natalie finally meet he eye , with a bewilder kid 's brow . natalie why be you talk crazy ? int . ward 2 - day room ~ morning 10 close on howie , 30 year old , unkempt hair , thick wire - rim glass cover with grime . he read a dog-eare volume of the time / life nature Library , eye racing across the page . Ernie sit with he at the same table . about he , in the large day room , we see the other charge of the ward . bess , a skinny , dread - lock black woman with the saddest face , sit in front of the tv , watch a snowboard segment . Russell be walk around with he bible . sal sit alone coloring . continued 10 Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd ye continued : prot sit by himself , howie , I go on -~ howie , who have be gs prot and bring he t and use it to sharpe : llow ) jotting note into a GREEN notebook . ernie think you should talk to he . go on . tealing glance at prot , slide over to he pencil sharpener . prot look at it nm he pencil . continued 18b . 10 10 Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) continued : ( 2 ) howie you be really from ... opoint ) ++.up there ? prot turn he dark glass to the ceiling , but really beyond it , then back to bowie , with a discern smile . prot indeed . I be from k~pax . howie press he further . howie what ... what sort of place be it ? prot well ... k- pax be somewhat bigger than you planet . it be ... 4 beautiful world , as be Earth of course , with its infinite color and variety of life ... and we be circle by seven purple moon . sal , nearby , overhear , comment to himself as he walk to art room . sal bullshit . bull bull bull shit . Ernie mutter the word " k ~ pax " to himself , and again , try it on for size . howie 's thick glass remain intent on prot . howie go on . please go on . prot regards howie 's expectant face , obliging . prot well ... k~ pax be especially lovely when k~mon and k - ril be in conjunction . that be we two sun , what you call agape and satori - sal , with a iaugh of derision , to himself : sal man , whatever they get you on -- 1 want a dose . howie ( repeat to himself , as if store the information ) agape . satori . two sun . continued tee eee of + eee re 10 Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) continued : ( 3 ) sal , still painting , make a face at prot as prot head to library for a book . sal obiwan loonobie . Russell , who have be '' preaching '' as he pace . russell take heed ... that no man deceiveth ... for many shall come in my name ... prot bring a book about astronomy to howie . Russell pause from he babbling , look toward prot. sal ( direct at Russell ) Satan , Lord , Satan , Lord -- fire and heli , fire and hell . satansatansatan ! stink ! stink ! stinkeroo ! prot give howie book . howie , ignore sal , intent on prot , point to the alien hieroglyphics . howie what 's that ? what language be that ? k- pax ? prot k- paxian , yes . sal gotta know every little thing , do not you ? stink ! stink ! stink ! now Ernie join in . continued 20 . 10 '' 21. 10 continued : ( 3 ) 10 howie suddenly bolt for a bookshelf . fling aside a World be atlas , he gr a old time / life Book of Space , and start rifling through it . repeating " agape ... 7 ee eti one sal do not mind he , he stink , too . gotta know everything . now , Ernie , who have be sit fearfully on the far side of he bench , slide closer to prot . ernie do - do it rain there ? on ... k +++ k- pax ? because I do not like rain , prot we have very little water , compare to earth - no ocean , no river , very little precipitation at all . ernie nrelieve ) that 's good ... 1 do not like water . you can drow in water , sal scare to death . he would shit at he own shadow . ernie I be - I be scared of death . that 's why I be here . I know that . at least I be not a real - ( make a ' cuckoo ' sound ) ~ like - like you ! sal yeah ? you know how bad you smell ? prot gentlemen , gentleman . his calm voice get they attention . prot I have be study you planet . and I must say this form of communication you call " shouting " yield no result . it be a primitive behavioral trait leave over from you forest dwelling ancestor . most advanced being in the galaxy abandon this type of behavior million of year ago . sal and Ernie look at prot , then each other . suddenly feel strangely ashamed . Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) 10 continued : prot smile ( 4 ) ernie do - do it rain there ? on «+. k +++ k- pax ? because I do not like rain . at Ernie , see he fear . prot we have very little water , compare to @arth - no ocean , no river , very little precipitation at all . ernie nrelieve ) that 's good ... I do not like water . you can drow in water . sal ( to himself ) scare to death . he would shit at he own shadow . . ernie I be - I be scared of death . I know what iam . that 's why I be here . at least I be not a real ~ mmake a ' cuckoo ' sound ) ~ like - like you ! sal yeah ? you know how bad you smell ? you smell . sal look at the book . prot get up , walk over to put it back in the bookshelf . but stop by sal . prot ( whisper in sal 's ear ) I have be study you planet . and I must say this form of communication you call " shouting " be a primitive behavioral trait leave over from you ~ forest dwelling ancestor . most advanced being in the galaxy abandon this type of behavior million of year ago as it yield no result . his calm voice have make sal 's demeanor change . suddenly , sal be feel strangely ashamed . prot go to the tv room and watch bess look at tv . prot then sit in a chair outside the room and write in he green book . 21. 10 il 12 al3 Rev. 12/07/00 ( cherry ) 22 . int . ward - nurse's station - same time li Powell wear a mild frown , judge prot through the window . as nurse mcallister prepare she morning medication cart . mcallister I do not see any med for two - eight - Seven - prot . powell I have not conclude whether it 's psychotic or psychogenic . so ... nothing for now . mcallister ( look into the day room ) he certainly have a way about he . even up on 3 and 4 this morning , do not ask I how news spread , everyone want to meet the " alien patient . " Powell give she a ridiculous look . powell alien patient . omitted 12 int . conference room - day al3 * dr . claudia viller , director of the Hospital , chair a * meeting of the senior staff , include Powell , Betty * mcallister , chakraborty and dr . walter fleen , as well as * several resident . * powell * --- it just seem glib to call he a * psychotic . that 's a wastebasket * diagnosis . * fleen * he think he come from outer space . * what do you think 's wrong with he -- * jet lag ? * powell * how come he do not respond to the * haldol ? * viller * haldol can make you more psychotic . it 's rare , but it happen . fleen I would say try he on a new , better agent . continued * * Rev. 12/07/00 ( cherry ) 23 * , al3 continued : as ever powell they have already try risperidal . eleen maybe Zyprexa . powell we do not even have a history on he . look , I be not say that medication can not be a useful tool to help someone like this , but -- fleen he might be a good subject for the betazine protocol . the drug be ina clinical trial here ~~ powell you want to experiment on he before we have a diagnosis . fleen you have some better idea ? powell he 's not a danger to anyone . how about get to know he first ? fleen you know , Mark , I think on some level it piss you off that it 's become so easy to actually help people . viller the clinical trial require consent , which mean locating the patient 's family . ( gesture to file ) how be we go to reach he family , Mark ~- the hubble telescope ? in the meantime , we have ten new transfer to take care of this morning . yone turn to a new file , viller shoot Powell a look . as she turn to she file , Powell look at she . powell you know , Claudia , maybe what 's wrong with he be that he be . viller be what ? powell from the planet k~pax . continued al3 * thee ee be the * % eee bebe see ere ee * al3 b13 Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) 24 , continued : ( 2 ) : al3 viller look at Powell . the sly look in Powell 's eye betray he . viller laugh . everyone laugh . then Powell join in . CUT to : ext . manhattan psychiatric - parking lot - evening b13 ( previously shot as scene taa ) grey , brick institution behind wringht iron gate . Powell follow viller to she car . viller I know that look , Mark . powell come on , Claudia . we do not even know what med to feed he . he 's not textbook amnesia , he 's not textbook delusional - he 's not textbook anything . viller i read the police report on he , e.d.p. , possibly violent . powell oh , so now the police have credential ? viller I be just be a administrator . tf like it when thing run smoothly , especially my hospital . I sleep better at night . she get into she car . then look back up at he . let out a breath , viller he better not be a problem . you watch he . Powell smile at she , show he thumb . powell do not worry . so far the only thing he 's bitten into be a apple . CUT to : +e rr ee eee ae ok ke Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) 25 . c13 int . / ext . the 6:15 metro NORTH - evening c13 ( previously shot as sc . a8 ) Powell , clutching he bottle of wine in its paper bag , sit with the other commuter . talk on cell phone or absorb with they palm pilot . - - nobody acknowledge another 's existence ... continued c13 13 ald and 14 Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) continued : Powell look out the train window ... Cars clogging the bruckner Expressway ... board - up high -rise in the bronx .. graffiti ... giant lip on a dot-com billboard . Powell look at the girl beside he -- a sexy girl in she twenty , boppiing to the loud music on she walkman as she gaze out the window . powell ( v.0 . ) you know , I would really like to kiss you . let 's face it , you have a unbelievable mouth ... I know it seem unlikely , but what be sex , anyway ? it 's always a gamble . you know what they use to call the dice at the crap table ? Bones . that 's what sex be . a roll of the bone . the girl can not hear he ... a elderly woman sit behind Powell lean forward to eavesdrop ... powell ( v.o . ) of course it would break my wife 's heart and probably destroy what 's leave of my marriage . I would just wind up feel guilty and terrible . then Powell say out loud : powell but I would do it . let 's do it ! ( beat ) just to feel ... something . the girl turn . look at Powell . lift off she headphone . girl what ? powell nothing . CUT to : omitted omitted a25-aa * , c13 * eee Fe rr re ere ke ere re * 13 al4 and 14 Rev. 11/12/00 ( yellow ) 25b *. a1s continued : als powell what make it unpleasant ? prot ( search for just how to say it ) it 's a ... painful procedure . continued als continued : powell ( feign seriousness ) be the pain associate with intercourse itself , with ejaculation , or with become arouse ? prot it be associate with the entire process . I be aware this activity result in pleasurable sensation for you human . but for we , the effect be quite the opposite . this apply for both the male and female of we species - and incidentally - for most other being around the galaxy . powell can you compare the effect to anything I might be able to understand '' like a toothache , or - ? prot it 's more like have you gonad catch in a vice , except we feel it all over . to make matter worse , the sensation be associate with something like you nausea , accompany by a very bad smell . the moment of climax be like be kick in the stomach and fall into a pool of mot shit . Powell can not believe he 's go along with this . prot laugh . a pencil and a little red notebook powell mot shit . prot a mot be a be much like you skunk , only far more potent . powell if the experience be so terrible , how do you reproduce ? prot like you porcupine . as carefully as possible . needless to say , overpopulation be not a problem for we . then , as Powell watch , incredulous , start jotting a note of he own . powell . what - what be you do ? 26 . als prot pull from he shirt pocket and continued als 15 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) als prot you_ have remind I of something to include in my report . powell you ~ report ? prot it 's my custom to compile description of the various place and being I encounter throughout the galaxy . Powell just sit there ... put he own pen down . int . ward 2 - morning 15 we follow prot , as he move cheerfully through the ward . he greet nurse mcallister , who be readying she medication cart . prot good morning , Betty ! mcallister ( with a look of surprise ) good morning ... prot . he move on , greeting Navarro , who be escort a babbling man . prot good morning , raul ! good morning , Mr. friedman ! Navarro give he a cautious look . navarro s'up . prot continue down the hallway , pass Maria , who wear a red dress today , she hair tease up . prot good morning , Maria ! maria ( sultry accent ) I be vanessa . prot take he notebook out , make a curious note of this . then head into the day room where bess sit , with she blank * expression , in front of the tv . * prot * good morning , bess ! * continued 15 Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) 27a . continued : bess remain stare at the tv . prot wait , expect she to reply . when she do not , he be not sure what to do . ernie she never talk to anybody . afraid smoke will come out of she mouth . be here since she be a little girl . ( eye bess ) should not play with match . very dangerous . howie ( admonish Ernie ) it be a electrical fire . do not make up storey . prot 's dark glass linger on bess ... as she remain oblivious . he give she a polite smile , and continue on . continued 15 ee ee er eh eee ee 15 16 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 simm come on , doris , you know you have to see the doctor . '' look what I bring just for you ! all we have to do be go see the doctor ... a hand appear from the room , take the cake , fling it at simm simm ( cont 'd ) God damnit ! do that again and you go up to Three ! mrs . archer ( from room ) oh , poo , poo , poo ! simm , wiping frosting from he face , see prot . simm never ever come out of she room . ran down Park Avenue naked as @ jaybird when she husband leave she . poor s.0.b . I do not know how he put up with she . as simm walk off , prot , intrigue , move closer to the room . int . mrs . archer be room - continuous 16 mrs . archer , a once glamorous society belle , sit at a table next to she bed . she wear a bathrobe and sip tea from a plastic cup , as if it be fine china . with impatience , she ring a little silver bell . just as prot peek in she doorway . mrs . archer the service here be atrocious ! prot good morning , you be Mrs. archer . doris . Mrs. archer stare at he , he dark glass , he smile . mrs . archer you be not the help ... ( flustered , fix she hair ) T be not expect any gentleman caller until this afternoon . in a state , she check herself in a silver compact , add some blush to she cheek . continued 16 17 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) continued : prot you have set a place for two ... Mrs . archer look back at she table straighten it , a little defensive . mrs . archer I be expect someone . prot regards she , strangely , look around again , curious brow . prot have you be wait a long time ? Mrs. archer remain stare at he . then clear she throat , politely . hiding a vulnerable hitch in she voice . mrs . archer eleven year . ( then , head high again ) some -- around here -~ might call that crazy . J prefer ... to call it romantic . prot romantic ... mrs . archer nsee he expression of unfamiliarity ) like a waltz in the moonlight ? a candlelight dinner ? a sunset ? prot smile . prot ah , yes . on k - pax , we have two sun . they rise together only once every two hundred year . ( as if faraway a moment ) now that be a sight ... a enchant smile crack across Mrs. archer 's makeup . she pour he some tea in a plastic cup . mrs . archer wo not you ... will not you sit down ? int . clinic - morning chakraborty , a strange look on he face , hand prot 's eye chart to Powell . chakraborty he most definitely have a sensitivity to white light . but ... {more } continued 29 , 16 17 ee eee fr rrr ee 17 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) 29a * , continued : 17 chakraborty ( cont 'd ) it be he range I think you will find interesting . Powell take a disagreeably stiff sip of coffee , put it down , take the chart , try to decipher it . powell what be I look at ? continued Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) 30 . 17 > continued : ( 2 ) 17 chakraborty ( point to the number ) he can detect light at a wavelength of three hundred to four hundred angstrom . ultra~violet . Powell look at chakraborty with some confusion . he peer at chakraborty , hope for some kind of explanation from he . chakraborty hesitates : . chakraborty ( cont 'd ) of course ... prot 's explanation be that ... due to he planet 's peculiar quality of light cause by its two sun , k~ paxian be use to light condition much like we twilight most of the time . powell what the hell be you say , chak ? it do not think human being could see ultra-violet light . chakraborty they can not . Powell , utterly bewilder , look at prot 's eye chart in he hand . he try to think . he squint up - at the light in chak 's office . it 's bright in here . al8 hallway near powell' office al * Powell walk down hallway toward he office . Worker open * " mushroom light " from box in hall . * 18 int . powell' office - day 18 Powell , with a intent look , unscrew a light bulb from a lamp , replace it with a dim night light bulb . he go to he other lamp , do the same . then he close he window blind . he look around , satisfied . the room be dark ... like twilight . Mrs. trexler watch he , strangely , as she file in the outer office . she do not see Navarro leave prot off at the door , behind she . prot walk in , unescort . continued 18 19 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 31 . continued : prot good afternoon , Joyce . that be a lovely configuration you be wear . Mrs . trexler whirl around , startle . after a moment , she allow herself to glance down at she frumpy sweater , skirt , Dr. scholl 's shoe . mrs . trexler thank you . {an uneasy smile ) macy 's . Powell come out of he office , put on a friendly face . powell come in , prot , come in . he exchange a glance with trexler , lead prot into he office , close the door . she stand there a moment , then fix she sweater . int . powell' office - continuous prot stand there , surprised at first by the dark lighting in the room . then ... with a wide , pleasant sigh ... as Powell observe he , intently ... prot reach up and slowly remove he glass . prot this be much better . a lot like home . Powell peer , for the first time ... at prot 's eye . they shine in the dim light , very much human - yet - very much like some nocturnal animal . he pluck a papaya from the fruit basket and take a bite , sit down , comfortably . . as Powell remain stare ... prot take out he red notebook . prot I wonder if we might begin by my ask you a question . powell please , prot bess . she do not speak . why be that ? continued 18 19 i9 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 32 . continued : Powell take a moment , interested by the question . interested that prot would ask it . prot tilt he head , curiously , as if try to understand . Powell decide to stay with this , sense he may be onto something ... powell you see , on we planet ... sometimes thing happen to people and they just shut down . but enough about bess . oe prot sit there a moment . he think about jotting something down in he notebook . but then , just close it , tuck it away . Powell move over to he window , peek out the blind at the snarl of traffic on Amsterdam Avenue , people hustling here and there . he bring a eye back to prot . powell I wonder if you might tell I more about you home ? prot what would you like to know ? powell well ... do you have a job on k~pax ? prot ( find this funny ) no one have a " job " on k - pax . really , Mark , be it that difficult to understand ? on k - pax , if something need to be do , you do it . powell there must be job people do not want to do . hard labor , clean public toilet ? I mean , that 's only human nature , prot there be no human on k~pax . powell ah , I forget . prot besides , there 's nothing that need to be do that be really unpleasant . look , you defecate , do not you ? Powell give he a ridiculous look . powell not as often as I would like . continued ee ee ek bk * Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 19 continued : ( 2 ) prot do you find it unpleasant ? powell ( find this even more ridiculous ) sometimes . prot do you get someone to do it for you ? powell I would if I could . prot but you do not , and you do not think twice about it . you just do it . and it do have its reward , right ? Powell resist the temptation to laugh . powell okay , look , let 's move on . do you have family on k~pax ? continued 32a. ig of ek er oe eee * * * Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 33 . continued : ( 3 ) prot finish the papaya , lick he finger . sense Powell be up to something . prot thing be not the same on k - pax as they be on Earth , Mark . we do not have " family " as you know they . the idea of a ' family ' would be a non sequitur on we planet - and most other , I might add . powell ( try to see past the smile ) be you say that ... as a child , you have no home to go to ? prot exactly , now you have get it . powell in other word , you never know you parent . prot on k~pax , child be not raise by they biological parent , but by everyone . they circulate among we , learn from one , then another ... powell ( press he ) what about brother and sister ? prot no one on k - pax have more than one child . there be little reason to , since the average lifespan of a k - paxian be a thousand of you year . powell do you have a child ? prot ( quickly ) no. powell do you have a wife wait for you back on k - pax ? prot release a tedious breath , as if not caring for the direction of this conversation . continued Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 19 continued : ( 3 ) prot Mark , Mark , Mark . you have not be idisten . we do not have marriage on k - pax - no husband , no wife , no family ~ get it ? to put it more correctly , the entire population be one big family . powell I see . what about a societal structure then ? '' government ? prot there be no need for one . powell what about law ? prot no law , no lawyer . powell well then how do one know what 's right and wrong on k - pax ? prot ( as if this be a stupid guestion ) every be know what 's right and wrong . continued 34 . 19 19 continued : Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) ( 5 ) powell but what if someone do do something wrong ? committed a murder ? rape ? prot let I tell you something , marko . most human subscribe to the policy of " a eye for a eye , " " a life for a life . " most of you religion be famous for this formula , know throughout the Universe for its stupidity . you Christ and you buddha have a different vision , but nobody pay any attention to they , not even the Christians and buddhist . so , no . on k~pax being do not kill other being , but if they do there would be no punishment . apparantly this be impossible for Earth being to understand , but it 's the secret of life , believe I . powell no crime , brutality , violence on k - pax ? prot you human . sometimes it 's hard to imagine how you have make it this far . crime be less popular than sex , even . there 's simply no need for it . continued 35 % . 19 oe ee oe * 19 20 36 . continued : ( 5 ) 19 Powell remain stare at prot ... feel the thread of reality slip away again ... ext . powell backyard - connecticut - memorial day 20 chicken , hot dog and corn sizzling on a outdoor grill . a swing hang from a giant spruce . Natalie and gabby be be chase by they cousin , josh , 10 , around the big yard . Powell , lose in think , watch over the grill . as Rachel come up , snap she finger in front of he face , playfully . then give he a kiss . rachel where be you just now ? Powell just give she a frustrating smile , and put the corn on a platter , hand it to she . rachel kid ! wash up ! Powell knock back he glass of wine , leave it by the grill . and follow she across the yard , with a second platter heape with hot dog and chicken - almost trip over shasta , a golden retriever , who be be chase under the back porch . powell josh , do not tease the dog ! he set the platter down on a patio table ~- at which sit he sister ABBY , late-thirty , and she husband , steve , a burly , bearded fellow . powell ( cont 'd ) here we be . napkin be open , and pungry " oooh " evoke . the kid join they at the table . as they all sit down and start eat , Abby and Rachel eye each other , before Abby address she rother . ABBY i'm not take side here but we be go to kidnap you to get you up to the cape . powell ( to Abby , but with a smile to Rachel ) I see my wife have be talk . continued 37 . 20 continued : 20 Rachel give he a mischievous little smile back . powell ( change the subject ) Steve , how be the drive from Princeton ? Steve wipe corn off he mouth , he voice a friendly Tennessee rawl . 's not too bad . ABBY we stop off to see Michael , Powell meet Abby 's eye . there be tension between brother and sister . powell that be nice of you . quite a detour . ABBY it be he birthday . powell I know it be he birthday . I send he a card with a nice , big check . as usual . Abby exchange a glance with Rachel , who stay out of it . Abby io0k back at she brother , let a beat pass , can not help erself : ABBY you know , it would not kill you to pick up a phone once in a while and talk to you own son , Powell catch a look from he two young daughter , powell thank you , Abby . by the way , I put he through Dartmouth - he know how to pick up a phone , too . rachel ( try to diffuse thing ) I be think of invite he for Christmas . powell he go to he mother 's for Christmas . he will not come here . continued 20 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 ABBY how do you know ? when be the iast time you ask he ? powell be I on the couch , here , sis ? Abby say no more . and Powell do not give she the satisfaction of take this any further . they continue eat . after a moment , Powell turn to Steve , thoughtfully . powell ( cont'd Steve , I have a unusual favor to ask . steve what can I do you for , Doctor B. powell well ... I have a patient who seem to know something about you field . rachel you have a patient who 's a astronomer ? ABBY ( put she arm proudly around Steve 's girth ) I beg you pardon , full Professor of astrophysics as of next month . rachel Steve ~- congratulation ! powell congratulation , Steve , steve thank you , thank you . ( then , curious } so who 's this patient of yours ? powell ( wipe corn off he hand ) he claim to come from a planet he call " k - pax . " natalie kaypack ? the kide laugh , repeat the funny name several time . powell say it 's a thousand light year from here , near the constellation lyra . continued 39 . 20 continued : ( 3 ) 20 21 steve Big head , green ? about this high ? ( put he hand at 3 foot I think I know the guy . as they all laugh , Powell remain mildly serious . powell no , no - he 's very convincing . Rachel , Abby , Steve , and the kid stare at he . Powell view they , with a embarrassed laugh . powell I mean - of course , he 's human ! he 's just ... the most convincing delusional I have ever come across . ( to Steve ) and I would like to prove to he that this - k - pax - be a figment of he imagination . ( pour himself some lemonade ) if I can do that ... then , maybe I can find out who he really be . ABBY be I hearing right ? the great Doctor Powell need help with a patient ? Powell just give he sister a tired look . Steve scratch he bushy beard . steve constellation lyra , hmmm . sure - I can give you a whole bunch of question to ask you fella . int . ward - morning 21 as Powell hurry down the haliway with nurse mcallister . mcallister . I do not know what 's wrong . all he book and papers and everything be spread out over he desk , like always . but he 's just ~ they get to the one - way mirror , look into the day room , to see howie , just sit calmly , gaze out a window . continued 21 22 Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) continued : mcallister ( cont 'd ) ~ sit there . Powell stare at the peaceful howie , in utter amazement . powell do someone change he medication ? mcallister no . I give he he regular , anafranil , point two hundred fifty milligram . powell well , something 's wrong with he . a obsessive compulsive do not just sit there look out the window . int . day room ~ continuous as Powell enter . slowly approach howie , he notice that howie 's glass be , for the first time , clean . they , howie remain gaze , with fix purpose , cut the window . powell howie ? howie good morning , Doctor Powell . Powell lean down to squint out the window with powell howie ... what be you look for ? howie the bluebird . powell ( take a moment with this ) the bluebird ? howie bluebird of happiness . prot tell I to find the bluebird of happiness . Powell 's expression change . powell prot ... tell you ? and through he . howie nod , he eye not leave the garden and brick wall of the gated hospital grounds outside . cc ontinued 40 . 21 22 22 23 41 . continued : 22 howie it 's a task , the first of three . I do not know what the other two be , yet . he will tell I . ( smile , proudly ) if I complete all three , I will be cure . Powell 's look tighten . ext . hospital - ground - day 23 shrub and flower line the high , old brick wall . a fountain bubbles . attendant slowly walk patient along the path . Ernie stand under a tree , take deep breath . as prot coaches he , reassuringly . prot maintain breathe . that 's it . you see ? there be none of this " ammonia particle " you be worried about . for one thing , J would be able to see they - and I do not . Ernie , breathe , manage a nervous smile - then spy Powell march across the grass toward they . ernie uh-oh . wing monkey at two o'clock . prot turn , curiously , as Powell march up . powell Excuse we for a moment , Ernie . Ernie look from prot to Powell . then , fearfully , up at the sky . he scramble backwards across the lawn , up the veranda step , and into the refuge of the hospital . while Powell view prot with a aggravate breath . powell ( cont 'd ) it 's one thing to take a interest in you fellow patient - it 's quite another to make they think you can cure they ! prot regards Powell , baffle at he angry tone . prot you seem overly upset , Mark . to borrow a phrase from raul ~ you need to " chill . " ( more ) continued 42 . 23 continued : 23 24 25 prot ( cont 'd ) ( with a smile ) for you information - every be have the capability to cure themselves . this be something we have know on k - pax for million of year . powell listen to I ! on this Planet , I ama doctor . you be a patient . ~ prot Doctor - patient . curious human distinction . powell ( in a burst of anger ) it be not you job to cure howie or Ernie or Maria or anyone . it 's mine ! prot then , why have not you cure they yet ? as Powell stare at prot , fishing for a reply -~ prot carefully take out several fold notebook page , hand they to he . prot ( cont 'd ) by the way , here be the answer to the question you give I . TI hope you find they to you satisfaction . Powell , leave with nothing to say , just take the page . int . princeton university observatory - new jersey 24 Steve scratch he beard , mystify , as he look over prot 's notebook page . behind he , we see a giant telescope and a vast array of digital instrument and computer . he speak on the phone : steve I do not know what to say , Mark . this be ... pretty wild stuff . int . powell' office - same 25 Powell lean back in he chair , with a confident smile . powell gibberish , huh ? ' 26 27 28 29 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 43. int . princeton observatory - same Steve 's expression say otherwise , as he examine prot 's neat handwriting on the page spread out before he . steve well ... not exactly . see ~ you patient indicate he planet " k - pax " orbit a eclipsing binary star system , agape and satori , near the constellation lyra . int . powell' office - same Powell straighten up in he chair , skeptical , phone to ear . powell okay , so he could have read about it somewhere . int . observatory - same steve that 's the funny thing , Mark . not really . you see ... except for my boss , Duncan Flynn , who 's one of the foremost astrophysicist in the world , and maybe - two or three of he colleague ~ nobody know much about the possibility of planet in this star system yet . it have not even be report in any journal . he look around the observatory , lowering he voice into the phone , with a shrewd smile : steve ( cont 'd ) tell I , honestly . Duncan put you up to this ? you know , like a joke ? int . powell' office ~ same stay on powell - as he hold the phone . he attempt a little daugh , unwilling to believe what he 's hearing , then glance into the outer office at Mrs. trexler , who look up from she work at he , oddly . powell it 's ... no joke , steve. ( then , grasp ) you would not happen to know of any miss astrophysicist would you ? 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) int . observatory ~ same Steve shake he head , laugh . steve can not say I do . ( then , seriously ) but there 's one or two aro who would sure like to meet th yours . int . powell house - study - evening Powell scribbles on a pad , stymy , as headphone to a cassette recorder . he another . we see that it be label p . thick medical volume Lay open around retrograde amnesia , amnesia / historical ible 's of clinical psychiatry — the dsm , Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorder the M. pause a moment ... at the traumatic stress disorder . he run hi the piano drift in from the doorway . distract by it . he get up . int . live room ~ same Rachel and Natalie sit at the piano . plunk out London Bridge be falling a teacher 's patience , guide she along rachel a-~d -b - G -= repeat ~ they both glance up , see the study eye stay on it for a thoughtful momen int . study ~ same Powell sit back down . put he headp ! he just punch the tape machine off , close all the big book . in utter fr then , he eye catch ~ the telescope window . he stare at it . and from th omitted 44 . 30 und here be fella of 31 he listen over eject a tape , put in rot ~ session 7. he ... psychogenic and case Book . and the : owe tip through chapter on Post - 's finger over the case he rub he temple , 32 Natalie tenuously down , while Rachel , with door shut . Rachel 's to ... 33 hone back on . finally , rip he headphone off . ustration . stand by he picture @ telescope ... we CUT to : 34 a35 35 36 b37 37 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 45 . int . taxicab - night c.u. on the back of the taxi driver' head ... in the rear view mirror - we see prot , flanke by chakraborty and Navarro . Powell be in the front seat . ext . hayden planetarium and space science CENTER - night as the taxicab drive up , dwarf by the six-story sphere . a gleam wonder of glass and metal that face Central Park . omitted int . hayden space CENTER - continuous as they enter . the place be empty . the visitor have long depart . a giant mobile of the solar system hang four storey high . there be meteorite , and display of space exploration and giant , backlit photo from the hubble -~ galaxies , nebulas , the now - famous gas pillar at the edge of the know universe . Navarro , amaze , never have see anything like this himself , give prot a sly , little look . navarro this you neighborhood , huh ? prot take it all in ... with a laugh of both wonder and familiarity . int . space CENTER ~ upstair hallway - in a few minute Powell , a little anxious , shake hand with the three astronomer Steve have bring . duncan flynn , distinguished , white -haire , with a pipe - and two other , david patel and stuart hessler . they wear the intense eye of man who have spend they life look to the heaven . powell thank you , gentleman , for do this . flynn thank you , Doctor Powell . hhold up prot 's page ) we would like to get to the bottom of this note as much as you would . powell I will bring he right up . a35 * 35 * 36 a37 * se ++ 37 38 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 45a* , int . hayden planetarium - in a few minute as prot enter through the double door , with Navarro and chakraborty . we be in a huge , dome room . empty stadium seat all around . a formidable camera / computer projector rise from the center of the floor . Navarro , amaze , have never see anything like this himself . he take a seat by the door , with chakraborty . continued 38 38 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 46 % . continued : 38 letting prot walk slowly ... toward a semi-circular conference table hook up with two state - of - the-art flat - screen monitor at which sit Steve , Flynn , Patel and hessler . the man stare at prot , not really know what to expect . Powell quietly take a seat by chakraborty and Navarro . he catch Steve 's eye , give he a little nod . steve it 's a pleasure to meet you , prot . wo not you ... have a seat . prot look around , take the chair in the center of the room by the projector , face they . steve ( cont 'd ) I be ... Doctor becker . this be Dr. Flynn , doctor Patel and hessler . prot how many doctor be there be on this planet ? Steve laugh , look at he colleague . he like this guy . Flynn motion to Steve , who walk over to the planetarium console and press a button . the light go dim . and on the dome above they all ... be project ... a astonish splash of star . it fill we sense , as if we be actually there . chakraborty and Navarro lean back in they chair . Navarro 's eye now as wide as he mouth , as he utter : navarro shit ... Powell look from the star to prot ... as prot take he glass off ... gaze up - and around - at the image ... with a wide , breathless smile ... anda laugh , of both wonder and familiarity . steve ( smile at prot ) feel at home ? Flynn clear he throat , try as hard as he can to treat prot seriously . flynn we have find you note quite interesting ... prot . {more ) continued 38 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 flynn ( cont 'd ) and we would like to ask you some question ~ if that 's all right . prot be my guest . flynn good . then I '11 jump right in , prot make sure you can swim . Flynn attempt a awkward little laugh , look at the other . by the door , Navarro , amused , repeat " make sure you can swim " to Powell and chakraborty , in case they do not t get it . flynn yes , well . let 's start with this idea of light travel , shall we ? what can you tell we about that ? prot ( smile ) nothing . the scientist give each other dubious glance . prot ( cont 'd ) if I tell you , you would blow yourselves up . or worse , someone else . you would be surprised how much energy there be in a beam of light . they respond to this with tentative laughter . Steve take over , be friendly . steve well , then , I wonder if you could show we how this light travel work . prot how about a demonstration ? Powell 's expression become uncertain . he catch a wary sidelong glance from chakraborty . steve ( surprised ) that would be ... fine . prot adios ! aloha ! he sit there with a wide grin . continued 38 Rev. 11/8/00 ( pink ) 48 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 Steve view he with uncertainty . steve when be you go to ... prot I be already back . the scientist can not help let out a couple of belly laugh . Steve regards prot , shrewdly . steve where I come from , that 's call the fastest gun in the West routine . prot nimitate he Tennessee drawl , with equal candor ) well , I do not come from where you come from , Dr. becker . more laughter . Powell have to smile , a bit sadly , as he regards prot , see what a farce this be become . when Flynn attempt to be serious again , peruse prot 's notebook page in front of he . flynn prot , you have indicate in you ~ mote ~ that you planet k - pax orbit the twin star agape and satori near the constellation lyra . frankly , we be a bit mystify as to how you gain knowledge of such a planetary system around this star . at the planetarium console , Steve press another button - and a huge insert of a magnified STAR system appear project against the dome of star . flynn ( cont 'd ) this be take from the hubble . we computer enhance it , base on Doctor Patel 's reading from telescope in chile and Hawaii . it be the clearest picture we have of — ( check himself , regards he colleague ) ~ where you come from . what we would like --- be if you could diagram on you lightpad , the orbital pattern you planet take around this system . continued 38 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 49 , continued : ( 4 ) prot ( delighted ) my pleasure . he get up , go over to the lightpad , pick up the stylus there . unsure , he look back at the scientist . they nod . prot make a mark on the lightpad over the projector . he look up . it appear as a scribble across the STAR system . he shake he head , erase it , then start again , animated , look up to the star with every mark he make . the scientist lean back in they chair with bafflingly amused expression . but as prot 's scribbles take shape up above they ... they expression begin to change ... for there ... project over the star ... emerge a cogent , detailed diagram of what look like a 4 - planet solar system around the two brightest star . complete with a grid of angle and formulas of relative distance . prot look up , put down the stylus , satisfied . Flynn , slowly , take the pipe out of he mouth . flynn Steven ... could you input that ... steve already on it . Steve have the Princeton observatory database on line . as maltiple STAR chart and theoretical chart appear on he monitor , he hurriedly input prot 's information from the dome . Powell look from prot 's diagram to the scientist , confuse . powell what - what 's go on ? navarro nadmire prot 's work ) look like the real thing to I . Flynn , Patel and hessler get up from they chair to crowd around Steve 's laptop . powell somebody want to tell I what the hell 's go on ? the scientist watch , agog , as the monitor display a exact replica of prot 's solar system . continued 38 38 39 continued : ( 5 ) prot observe they , with a know chuckle . prot I take it my calculation help explain the perturbation you have be see in the rotation pattern of you binary star ~ but have be previously unable to explain . for a long beat , the scientist just stare at prot , speechless . flynn how ... how could you know this ? how could you ... prot every k- paxian know this . do not every school child on Earth know you planet orbit you sun in a ellipse ? Flynn and he colleague look at each other , stupidly . ext . hayden planetarium - STREET - in a short while prot sit wait in the taxi with Navarro and chakraborty . Powell and Steve stand on the sidewalk . powell what happen in there , Steve ? I mean - he could be a savant . there be savant who have paint flawless copy of rembrandts who could not even remember they own name . Steve , you do not believe this guy do you !? Steve , with a look toward the taxi , confide to Powell : _ steve I do not know what I believe , Mark . but , I know what I see . tell you what I be go to do ... I be go to computer generate a star chart of the night sky as see from the position of this planet k - pax . ask you man to draw one from memory . then send it to I . if he match mine - I guarantee you the government would take he off you hand . Powell just stare , maddeningly , at he brother - in- law . 40 41 a42 Rev. 11/20/00 ( buff ) sl. ext . powell' patio ~ night 40 Powell sit in the dark . with a empty scotch glass . gazing up , troublingly , at the sparse Connecticut star . prot 's planetarium diagram rest in he lap . he turn , to gaze at he wife through the glass door ... she sit play the piano very softly , as the kid be long asleep . he admire she back , she lithe beauty , the way she tuck a strand of hair back and turn the music page . he get up , come into the ~- omitted 41 int . house - continuous - night b42 Rachel hear the patio door slide open , turn . they regard each other for a beat . powell do not stop . rachel it 's okay . powell please . rachel there 's a key stick . powell we will have to get that fix . he sit beside she on the bench . she show he ... rachel G below middle cc. powell that 's probably a important one , huh . rachel my old teacher -~ I have tell you about she -- powell hilda . rachel right . Powell smile . continued Rev. 11/20/00 ( buff ) s2*. a42 continued : a42 powell hilda from the City Opera . with the yellow tooth and the cat with the stomach trouble . who would fart in four / four time . Rachel laugh . Powell laugh . rachel yes . powell with he tail go . like a metronome . rachel shut up . she be a very good teacher . powell as long as you like cat . they laughter subside . Rachel look away from Powell for a introspective beat . then turn to he . rachel she use to tell I , do not play the note . powell do not play the note ? rachel yeah . if you just play the note , you will miss it . they look at each other . on Powell , CUT to : rrr ee * 42 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 52a. int . ward 2 ~- day room - Day close on howie . seat at he post by the window . his eye suddenly widen . and a smile of immeasurable joy spread across he face . howie bluebird ... Ernie and sal look up from a checker game . Russell stop mutter a Bible passage . only bess remain disinterested , in front of the tv. as howie jump out of he chair -~ howie bluebird !! he start run from window to window -- jump over table , knock over chair . howie bluebird ! bluebird ! at the nurse's station ~ mcallister spot he from the one - way glass . she hasten into the day room . mcallister howie ? - he run up to she , dance she giddily in a circle , over to the window . where she look out , surprised . mcallister oh , my ... he bound out of the day room -- and down the corridor -- shout from room to room at the top of he lung : howie bluebird ! bluebird ! patient peek out of doorway with wide eye and medicate smile . back in the day room ~ Ernie turn fearfully to sal . ernie do -~ do bluebird bite ? sal no , they do not bike , stinkhead ! back down the hallway howie , like a barefoot dervish twirl up onto a windowsill . he put he face to the bar -- shouting out , freely , euphoric , with all he might -- as sunlight kiss he face : continued 42 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 52b*. , 42 continued : 42 howie bluebitrrrrrrrd ! ! 43 44 Rev. 11/20/00 ( buff ) 53 . ext . manhattan psychiatric institute - continuous 43 moving up - from howie 's shouting face , and widening ~ to take in the other ward on the floor above . as pale face , some with shave head and hollow eye come to the window , look out with suspicion and wonder ... int . ward 2 ~ in a few minute 44 Navarro and simm step off the elevator ~ into pandemonium , patient run out of room , up and down the corridor , some half naked , shouting " bluebird ! bluebird ! " Navarro whip the walkie-talkie out of he belt , speak quickly into it : navarro disturbance be on two ! 54 . & 45 int . corridor ~ in a minute 4s Powell barrel through two swinging door and run down the corridor , chakraborty and the overweight fleen try to keep up with he . they hear chanting come from down the hall ... powell what the hell ? we follow they into the day room ~— where the entire ward have erupt into a ecstatic chorus of " bluebird , bluebird , bluebird ! " patient be crowded around the window , jump up and down , some stand on table to get a better look . fleen look shake . fleen it 's mass hysteria ... Powell eye he , ridiculously . nevertheless , try to catch sight of somebody , anybody , in charge . powell Betty ! what 's go on ? mcallister turn from the window . she know it 's silly , but ) she wipe a tear and smile , point out . mcallister look . Powell regards she bafflingly - when howie suddenly grab he by the arm . howie Doctor Powell ! come , see ! disincline , Powell let himself be lead to the window - to see , indeed - a beautiful , common blue jay . it flit , majestically , from tree to tree , chirp and peck . finally settling on a branch . as Powell gaze upon it , in profound astonishment - viller now wend she way through the commotion . viller what 's go on here , Mark ? ocrane she neck to see ) what on earth be out there ? powell just a blue jay ... '' she give he a nonsensical look . continued 45 46 47 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 55 . continued : 45 viller a blue jay ? Powell open he mouth to say something more . but instead , look from the window - around , slowly ~ witness the unbounded hope and excitement on every patient 's face . powell just a blue jay . he turn ... catch sight of prot , who stand observe from the day room doorway . they eye lock for a moment . prot smile at he . and then ... Powell , to he absolute amazement , see Mrs. archer come into the day room ! she look around at the commotion with wide eye , and the smile of a little girl . take hold of prot ' 's arm ... then Ernie approach Powell . ernie Doctor Powell , can we go outside and look at it ? Powell take a beat . powell you want to go outside , Ernie ? ernie to look at it . powell okay . let 's go outside . Powell put he arm around exnie . as they head outside , he and prot exchange a last look . on prot , CUT to : omitted 46 int . grand central station - evening 47 staying on powell , as he stand with ail the other commuter on the Metro North platform , wait for the 6:15 to Connecticut . across the track on another platform , he watch a father kid around with a young son . they be obviously on they way to a ball game , both wear Met cap . the father with a food cooler , the boy with a mit . continued 47 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 55a *. continued : 47 prot ( v.0 . ) first of all , Mark ... we make no distinction between ' childhood ' and adulthood 's on k - pak - you can check you note ... a fleeting , wistful look cross Powell 's eye , as he watch father and son board a train . prot 's word fill he head : prot ( cont 'd ; v.0 . ) on Earth , child be encourage to play all the time . that 's because you believe they should remain innocent 's of they approach adulthood for as jdong as possible , apparently because the latter be so distasteful ... Powell open he briefcase , take he cell phone from its pocket . he ponder it . then fumble through he wallet for a phone number . continued 47 48 49 Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 prot ( cont 'd ; v.0o . ) but on k - pax , child and adult be all part of the same thing ... with indecision , he dial the number . get a annoying no service beep . he move back , up the crowded stair . fries again . Hand over he ear . prot ( cont 'd ; v.0 . ) on we planet life be fun and interesting . there be no need for mindless game , either for child or adult . no need for die , for escape into game show , football , alcohol , or other drug ... int . a apartment - same time - evening 48 have the look of be just move into . milk crate furniture , a electric guitar and amp , bicycle hang up on the wall . a 21 -year old with a still boyish face look up from the tv - as the phone ring . he put down he McDonalds dinner . his hair be cropped short , bleach . his eyebrow be pierce . the phone ring again . he get up , walk over to it , answer it . young man hello ... ? int . train terminal stair - same time 49 Powell call on pay phone at Grand Central Station . michael hello . powell Michael . happy birthday . TI forget to call . michael dad ? hey , how you do ? powell good -- you ? michael all right . powell that 's good . how 's you mother ? continued Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) 49 continued : 50 omitted and 51 michael Fine . I see she ' bout a week ago . she ask about you . powell do she ? teli she I say hi . listen , my train 's about to leave . I just ... want to say happy birthday . michael okay . take care . thanks for call . powell okay . you too . michael all right . ' bye , dad . CUT to : 56a- C 49 50 and sl * ee eee + 52 Rev. 11/14/00 ( Green ) 57 . int . ward 2 - prot' room — night a narrow bed and a small metal table be the only fixture . prot sit at the table in front of he grill window , he glass rest beside he . he look up ... to a few star twinkle through the grill . prot' Pov . the star visibly move across the cloudy heaven . they faraway light fill he face . he close he eye , concentrate ... and start draw dot , fast and furious , on the blank sheet of paper in front if he . in the hallway - bess , roam the hall , stop . in front of prot 's door . through its small window ... she watch he . her eye silent , pierce . bess ( whisper ) I know who you be ... in he room - prot stop draw for a moment , as if sense she presence . without turn around , he offer bess a smile . in the hallway - bess keep stare at he . she do not smile . but there be a intent belief in she quiet voice . bess ( cont 'd ) you be the bluebird . 52 sb . 53 int . ward 2 - hallway - morning 33 as4 as prot walk down the hallway . Maria stand there in a white nurse 's cap and glove . he greet she with palpable good cheer . prot how be we , today ? maria ( cheerfully ) just fine . prot walk on , point a finger at Navarro , who point a finger back at he . navarro my man . a furtive sal get he attention , with a " pssst . " curious , prot come over . sal glance up and down the hallway to make sure no one 's watch , motion prot into the art room . int . art room ~ continuous as4 patient artwork be all over the wall . sal draw prot closer , keep he voice low . sal about that light travel thing . I be wonderin' ... if you could maybe show I how to do that ? ( with desperation ) I have put up with the stink in here for ten year . I sure would like to get out ... know what I be sayin ' ? prot ( puzzle ) why have you stay here so long , sal , if this - stink - bother you ? sal ai not exactly my choice . my wife put I in here . sal pick up a brush , pretend to paint just to look busy - as he make he voice even lower , eye search for any pry ear . sal ( cont 'd ) see , I be the doorman at the Plaza . prot the Plaza ? continued as4 53 . continued : as4 sal Hotel . Fifteen year . I open the door for some of the fattest cat in the world . Movie star , financier , politician , the mover and shaker . you know the type . after fifteen year ... that 's when I start to notice it ... prot ( consider sal , unclear ) notice what ? sal pull he closer , expression change , nose scrunching - sal the smell ... the smell ! ( almost unbearable for he ) God ! what putrid , disgusting stenches ! no one could smell a thing - except for I ! I try to tell people - I try ! but nobody would listen . not even my wife . not even my kid . ( whisper now ) that 's why they put I in here . because nobody want to hear the truth ! and this place ... stink worst of all ! he look right into prot 's dark glass , with a sense of close camaraderie . sal ( cont 'd ) except for you . that 's why I know ... you would be able to help I , as sal 's lip tremble , prot 's own expression change , as if dwelling on sal 's plight . then , he voice soothing : prot you must smell the yort blossom on my planet , in a gentle breeze . very much iike you sugar plum . now that be a sweet smell . sal view prot 's smile , hungrily . sal I would like to smell that . I would like to +- -+ go there . to you planet . prot I be afraid I can only take one person back with I . continued as4 54 60 . continued : ( 2 ) sal stare at he . his tough , round face break into a thrilled , clandestine smile . sal I read you , pal . prot look at he , sincerely . prot thanks , pal . ext . hospital ground - day prot sit , meditatively , in the garden . as Powell approach , something clearly on he mind . he . observe prot for a few beat , before sitting down next to he on the stone bench . powell I have my weekly session with sal today . '' he say you be take he to k - pax . ( let prot absorb this ) in fact , I have hear from most of the patient on Ward two . they all tell I they be go to k - pax . TI wonder if that 's a wise thing to be promise patient in a psychiatric facility . prot knit he brow , with a problematic sigh . prot no , no , no . I tell they all very clearly . I would only be able to take one person with I when I return . Powell blink , not sure he 's hear correctly . powell return ... prot no offense , Mark . I mean you have be very hospitable . Hospital - '' hospitable '' ~- get it ? but my time here be almost up , and I can not wait to get back . powell back ... to k- pax ? prot where else ? continued as4 54 Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) 61-63a *. 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 powell you be plan to return to k~pax . prot you be repeat yourself , Mark . yes . I be plan to return to k - pax . Powell sit there , at a momentary loss for word . he let out a flummox laugh . powell you will have to forgive I , this come as a bit of a surprise . but - when be you ~ plan on - ? prot well , first , I have to take a short trip up to some of you north land -- Greenland , Iceland , labrador ~-- to complete my report . ( consume another strawberry ) then , I will be depart on July 27th . Powell stare at he , stunne by the finality of this word . try to collect himself , he help himself to a strawberry . powell why - why July 27th ? prot Safety reason . you see , I can go anywhere on Earth without fear of bump into anyone travel at superlight speed . but being be come and go from k - pax all the time . it have to be coordinate - powell you be tell I you be '' beam '' back to k - pax on July 27th ? prot just turn back to the fountain , with a smile of certainty . prot at 5:51 a.m. Eastern time . 55 omitted 55 thru thru 59 59 a60 beo Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) 64 . int . powell' bedroom - connecticut - night a60 as Powell wake up in the dark , with a gasp , heart beat . Rachel sit up beside he . rachel Mark , honey , you be dream ! she smooth he face , puzzle . he turn to she , still breathe hard . then , suddenly , jump out of bed , wrestle on some pants , and hurry out of the bedroom . Rachel quickly put on a robe , follow after he - rachel Mark . Mark , you be worry I . on the landing - Natalie come blearily out of she room , have be wake up , see she father bound down the stair . natalie where be daddy go ? rachel he just have a upset stomach , honey . go back to bed . Natalie , not convinced , watch she mother bound down the stair after he . int . downstair study ~ in a moment b60 as Powell turn on the desk lamp and rifle through the cassette tape - until he find the one he want . Rachel watch he , with mount confusion . as he pop the tape into the machine , don headphone , rewind - forward — until - powell listen , listen - here it be ! he unplug the headphone , so she can hear . as Rachel listen , she keep she eye , disturbingly , on she husband . his hair be wild , he eye fixate . powell ( on tape ) when do you arrive here on Earth ? continued 59 a60 b60 64 . continued : 53 powell Steve ... listen to I ... just sit on it ... please ... I need ... I need a little more time ... int . powell' bedroom - connecticut - night a60 as Powell wake up in the dark , with a gasp , heart beat . Rachel sit up beside he . rachel Mark , honey , you be dream ! she smooth he face , puzzle . he turn to she , still breathe hard . then , suddenly , jump out of bed , wrestle on some pants , and hurry out of the bedroom . Rachel quickly put on a robe , follow after he - rachel Mark . Mark , you be worry I . on the landing - Natalie come blearily out of she room , have be wake up , see she father bound down the stair . natalie where be daddy go ? - rachel he just have a upset stomach , honey . go back to bed . Natalie , not convinced , watch she mother bound down the stair after he . int . downstair study - in a moment b60 as Powell turn on the desk lamp and rifle through the cassette tape - until he find the one he want . Rachel watch he , with mount confusion . as he pop the tape into the machine , don headphone , rewind — forward - unti . ~ powell listen , listen - here it be ! he unplug the headphone , so she gan hear . as Rachel listen , she keep she eye , disturbingly , on she husband . his hair be wild , he eye fixate . powell ( on tape ) when do you arrive here on Earth ? continued b60 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) on you continued : bec prot ( on tape ) four year and nine month ago . you year that be . Powell turn off the tape , look at she . powell four year and nine month ago ! that will be five year to the date , on July 27th ! ( see she do not understand ) the date he 's leave to go back to k - pax ! she 's more worried about she husband , than try to understand . rachel Mark ... what be the matter with you ? powell {impatient with she ) do not you see , Rachel ? * Natalie and gabby now join she in the doorway , view they father with uncertainty . rachel Mark ... it 's two o'clock in the morning . what be this patient do * to you ? he look at she , look at he daughter , as if the answer be evident . powell he 's tell I that five year ago on July 27th - something terrible * happen to he ... some horrible trauma . * rachel * what be you afraid of ? * powell that he 's plan to do something violent . to himself or someone else . I have get to get to he before that date . ee ek Powell 's family just remain stare at he ... 60 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 6sa *. ext . powell home ~ 4 th of JULY - day 60 a sunny day , the tree brilliant green . a flag fly above the front portico . Abby help Rachel spread a tablecloth across a long picnic table . Steve pop a beer , smile at the day . Natalie run barefoot around the yard with festive streamer . Powell stand at the top of he drive , look , up and down the street . as gabby come up to he , with a skeptic 's brow . continued 66. 60 continued : 60 gabby be the spaceman here yet ? powell hush ! do not call he that . a car come down the tree-line street . powell ( cont 'd ) here they be ... everybody just act like yourselves , be normal . ( Natalie and josh squeal past he ) kid - settle down ! as the car pull into the drive , Rachel view it , cautiously , from the yard . she come over to she husband . keeps she eye on it , as it roll toward they ... rachel . gabby , why do not you take you sister in the house ... gabby why , be he go to zap we with he laser gun ? rachel just do it , young lady . gabby give both she parent a pitiful look . as the car approach the head of the drive ... rachel ( cont 'd ) | I can not believe I agree to this . powell I have try everything else . I want he to spend the fourth of July with we , see if a normal family environment might bring something out of he . rachel ( a eye to he ) since when do we become a normal family ? powell rach - please . rachel I just feel ... uncomfortable . continued 60 continued : ( 2 ) 67 . 60 powell not to worry . Mrs. trexler 's oldest be a high school varsity wrestler . and Betty mcallister 's husband be a black belt . so , I think we be cover . Rachel put on she best face , as the car come to a stop a big , muscle~ bound 18 - year-old old with a buzzcut step out first , follow by Mrs. trexler . rachel Joyce , how good to see you ! ( they hug ) and can this be Danny ? next out of the car be nurse mcallister and she husband , dom , a real New York italian . rachel ( cont 'd ) Betty - I do not think I have ever see you out of uniform . mcallister that 's because I look like a Weight watcher '' before '' shot . this be my husband , dominic . dominic dom . trexler and mcallister look into the backseat of the car , beckone someone else out . a beat . slowly ... hesitantly ... prot climb out of the car . he stand there . the tree reflect in he dark glass . Rachel stare at he . as Natalie , josh and gabby run up , she grab they hand tight , to hold they back . josh wow , he look like data ! natalie oroll she eye } oh , that 's right , embarrass he . Powell shush they , furiously . powell welcome , prot . this be my wife - prot ( smile at she ) Rachel . thank you for invite I here . continued '' 6b . 60 continued : ( 3 ) 60 Rachel remain stare at he dark glass . she do not know whether to extend she hand . instead , she just smile back . rachel how do you do . suddenly - the dog run out from under the house , and barrel straight for prot . powell shasta ! no! shasta ! but to Powell 's surprise , shasta wag she tail , flatten herself against prot 's leg as if he be a trust friend : in the next instant , to everyone 's surprise , prot fall to the ground , roll , play , even bark with shasta . Abby eye Steve , who come up behind she , utterly amaze . steve nmutter to she ) damn dog 's never like anyone . before anyone can stop they , Natalie and josh run over to join in the fray . rachel and ABBY ( simultaneous , horrify ) kid ! prot sit down on the grass , move the kid onto he knee . he regards they , happily , and with gentle fascination . Powell signal Rachel and Abby with he eye , to relax . prot ( to kid ) watch this . prot begin to " talk " to shasta in remarkably accurate dog whelp . even more remarkable , shasta start howling back . prot ( cont 'd ) she say she do not like it when you hide she favorite shoe or sneak up on she leave side - because she can no longer hear well in that ear . the kid stare at he , in open-mouth disbelief . natalie no way . even gabby the skeptic have to laugh in amazement . continued 60 61 69 . continued : ( 4 ) 60 as prot resume " talk " to shasta - Powell be puzzlingly amused . he catch Rachel 's eye - she be not so sure , dom , watch prot , give mcallister a look that say " this guy be the biggest wingnut I have ever see . " she caution he with a nudge . ext . backyard - day 61 the grill sizzle . everyone be seat around the picnic table . as food be pass around , Rachel place a giant fruit salad on the table in front of prot . rachel Mark tell I you do not eat meat . I think that 's very healthy . powell speak for yourself . rachel so , I make this fruit salad especially for you . prot just sit there , admire the beautiful fruit . then look at Rachel , with such deep appreciation he do not know what to say . his reaction get to she for a moment , she do not know why . rachel ( cont 'd ) go on , take as much as you like . prot dig in , take spoonful , after spoonful - after spoonful . until there be a heaping mountain of it on he plate . as everyone stare . the kid hold they hand over they . mouth to not laugh . prot glance up , give they all a smile . everyone take this as a cue to start eat , food be pass around . dom , put ketchup on he burger , pause self - consciously a moment , as he watch prot shovel in fruit salad . dom so ~ what do they eat on k - pax ? mcallister give she husband a kick under the table . prot {mouth full ) kree , likra mainly . but my favorite be we grain , drak , thon and adro - have a nutty flavor much like you cashew . continued 61 62 63 Rev. 11/20/00 ( buff continued : dom ( with a eye to mcallister ) iosee ... Rachel give Powell a poignant glance . she 's never hear anything so outlandish say so convincingly . and ext . yard - as the magical summer day move on prot , lemonade in hand , walk across the yard , shasta at he side . we see thing through he we CUT to : a tail - wag dark glass now ... almost in move snapshot ... Abby , pull a prickler from gabby 's bare foot ... Mrs. trexler smell a flower ... dom , give mcallister a little smooch . prot absorb they all , smile at -everyone as he wander ... through the open patio door , and into the house . mcallister shoot Powell a look . Powell consider a moment , then give she a nod . mcallister follow prot int . powell' house - later prot wander into Powell 's de . find family photograph there . pick one up . it be a photo of Powell ' 's son , Michael , from a previous marriage . Rachel enter . find prot there . prot there be a picture of a young man -- where you other picture be . —- rachel that 's Michael . Mark 's son . from first marriage . prot how many marriage have he have ? rachel just the two , so far . prot so far ? rachel I mean he 's not out to set a world record , prot {with photo ) he be not here today ? he continued 61 62 63 Rev. 11/20/00 ( buff ) 71 . 63 continued : 63 rachel no . he do not live with we , you know , he 's away at college , and ... ( beat ) well , the truth be he and Mark do not talk to each other . I do not know why I be tell you this . prot because I be a lock - up lunatic , so what could the harm be ? rachel ( chuckle ) maybe . maybe that 's it . prot smile . then look at the photo again and turn suddenly reflective ... prot Doctor Powell have be try to teach I this importance you human place on you " biological connection . " rachel ( ruefully ) do you think he mean it ? prot you do not ? rachel do you know what a family be ? you worry . they do not tell you that when you decide to leave you single life behind ... when they be throw the rice and dance the tarantella ... that there be no '' biological connection '' -- not the way you say it , like it 's something concrete ~~ like a rope or a ligament . there 's just this desperate effort to hold on -- to hold onto they . and when you see someone you love fall away -- fall -- and you can not hold on anymore ... prot then ? continued ee * * the hee le er ee +t 63 64 Rev. 11/20/00 ( buff ) 72 . continued : ( 2 ) rachel you do not have a family ? prot we do not have family on k - pax . rachel then you do not know what you be miss . prot what ? or who ? they exchange a look . rachel let I get you another lemonade . on prot , as he watch Rachel exit . ' then he notice a telescope in the study . move to it . consider it a moment . then he bend down . lift he sunglass . squint through the eyepiece . as he do , he lower he scope . focus on something earthbound out the window ... and we see that it be Powell , at the far edge of the yard , that he have in he sight . CUT to : ext . backyard - in a minute as prot walk over to Powell . they stand there together under the tree . Powell take a sip of beer , prot noisily slurp he lemonade . powell fourth of july. ( reminisc ) I remember when Michael be a young boy , I would take he to the fairground . ( another sip of beer , as the memory take he someplace ) we would spend the evening ... eat apple pie , watch the firework . prot turn he dark glass to Powell . prot thank you for invite I here , Mark . powell you be most welcome , prot . just then , Natalie run up , grab prot 's hand . continued 63 64 + can ee 64 Rev. 11/20/00 ( buff ) 722b *. continued : 64 natalie push I on the swing ! as she lead prot off to the tree swing , Powell watch , circumspectly ... as prot 's finger close so naturally and tenderly around hers . Rachel come out of the house , also watch ... carefully . prot pick Natalie up , sit she down on the swing . make sure she hand grip the rope . prot hold on tight now . he push she , gently - playfully - a little higher , now . he duck under the swing - come back up . make Natalie laugh . her buoyant laughter bring a big smile to he face . as prot walk over to Powell . they stand there together under the tree . pow continued 73. 64 continued : 64 on powell ... as he watch , strike , by how familiar prot be with Natalie ... as if he 's push a swing many time . just then - josh dash out of the house in a bathing suit , and turn on the lawn sprinklers — the water hiss up in jet around the swing ~ the SOUND of it suddenly make prot stiffen . he look around - visibly shake ~ at the harmless spray of water . the hiss take on a ominous quality . Powell regards prot , strangely , notice the change in he . Abby run after josh , angrily grab he hand . ABBY why do you do that !? Natalie slide off the swing , gleefully . natalie let 's run through the water ! prot no ... wait ... he grab she arn . natalie ( frighten now ) let go ! rachel natalie ! Natalie break free , run for she mother . around he dark glass , prot 's face fill with pain and dread +++ watch Natalie run off . prot no ... do not go ... he start after she ... rachel MARK ! powell prot ! at the same time Powell run for he , dom and Danny quickly take they cue . they rush prot , bring he down . but he struggle like a wild animal . his voice choke and inarticulate , as he keep try to reach for Natalie . continued 64 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 prot ddddddddd .... nnmnnnonnn ! gabby watch , horrify , as ... Danny , 180 pound of varsity wrestler , be flung off . leave dom , Powell ~ and now Steve ~ strain to hold prot down . dom God , he 's strong as a ox ! powell Betty , quick ! mcallister go for she purse , uncap a syringe . Mrs. trexler help Danny up , view prot with a mixture of fear and pity - as the other try and keep he down . powell turn off the goddamn sprinkler ! in the struggle , prot 's glass get knock off . with a moan , he bury he face in he hand . Abby finally get the sprinkler off . Rachel clutches Natalie . fowell , dom and Steve stand up , slowly , carefully , drip wet . prot remain on he knee , head to the ground . his shoulder shaking . shasta lick he , whimper . he grope on the grass , find he glass . put they on . then lift he head , a little isorient . he get up , brushes himself off . bewildere by all the unnerve face stare back at he . Natalie , now afraid , hide behind Rachel . prot just smile , sniff the air - prot be that apple pie I smell ? he walk , unsteadily , towards the picnic table . he sit , serve himself a slice of apple pie . start devour it . Rachel come up to Powell , angrily . rachel happy ? I think you get through to he , do not you ? I think you make you dent ! she throw the towel at he she have just dry Natalie off with , and walk away . continued 64 65 Rev. 12/11/00 ( grey ) continued : ( 4 ) leave Powell stand there . he stare at prot ... not without excitement . int . viller ' office - day Powell pace in front of viller , at she desk . powell -.- he be push my daughter on a swing like he would do it a hundred time before . not like some alien from k~- pax . I see he . he be connect with something . some kind of normal ife ... viller that 's not enough . powell you can not transfer he to the fourth floor . ( it will kill he . not now -- when I be actually make some progress with he . viller this be a violent patient . powell he 's not violent . I think something violent happen to he . prot be not go after Natalie to harm she . he be try to protect she . viller from the sprinkler ? powell I do not know from what . viller I need more to go on than a hunch . otherwise - — powell we need to regress he . take he back into the past . find out what happen and force he to confront it . viller hypnotize he ? when do you last conduct a hypnosis session ? Med school ? do you have any idea how risky it be to regress a patient like this one ? continued 75 . 64 65 Rev. 12/11/00 ( grey ) 65 continued : powell it 's he only chance . viller push he too hard and he could wind up switch to a alter or worse . powell he have to be push . there 's no time . he say he 's go back to k - pax on July 27th . that 's three week away . I think he could become violent on that day -~ hurt himself or someone else -— ' viller you know what the problem be , Mark ? you be too close to this patient . everyone can see it but you . ( beat ) I be transfer he to the fourth floor . that 's final . Powell think a beat . powell then you help I do it . viller me? powell you be right . what do I know about hypnosis ? a six - hour course when I be a resident . you can do this . you be the expert . there 's nobody better . viller that 's exactly why I will not do it . I have see what can happen . powell please , Claudia . {beat ) that 's the whole point of see a shrink , be not it ? -- that no matter how crazy or screw up you world be , at least you be not alone . ( off she look ) I can not do it on my own -- I be too close -- fine , I admit it . do not he deserve at least one person on he side . continued 65 66 Rev. 12/11/00 ( grey ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) viller Mark , why choose this one to save ? he look at she . it take he a moment to say this . powell because I feel like maybe ... somehow he choose I . on viller , as she consider a beat , CUT to : int . ward 2 —- morning Powell stand in the doorway of prot' empty room . Navarro and simm stand there with he . powell what do you mean - he 's go !? Navarro and simm eye each other , extremely embarrassed , but extremely stump . navarro he 's just ... go . Powell shake he head , unwilling to hear this . he march over to a security monitor by the nurse 's station , Navarro and simm follow on he heel . a security guard be already rewind the night 's surveillance video for they . they all watch the monitor ... on it , prot appear walk down the hallway , and into he room . navarro that 's around six - thirty , after dinner . he go in ... Powell keep he eye glue to prot 's door in the time - stamp video , as it be fast - forward . we see what Navarro relay : navarro he never come out . Seven o'clock this morning . he be not there . powell wait , wait - what be that ? go back . continued 65 66 66 ag67 Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 78 . continued : 66 the security guard rewind - play ~ three second of static appear on the screen - then the picture come back . security guard ( shrug ) happens sometimes with this old camera . or , could be the tape . navarro he just - disappear . Powell look at Navarro . powell that 's bullshit ! int , day room a67 * he march into the day room , look around . powell have anyone see prot !? sal keep he eye on the checker between he and Ernie . sal he go up north for a few day . powell {( squint at he ) North ... !? howie lift he head , casually , from a book . howie Greenland , Iceland , you know . he have a few more country leave to visit , before he could finish he report . ernie do not ~ do not worry , Doctor Powell . he will be back . powell ( peer at Ernie ) how do you know ? Mrs. archer give Powell a obvious smile , over she japanese fan . mrs . archer because he take he glass with he , darling . when he return to k - pax - he will not need they . continued Rev. 11/28/00 ( salmon ) 7ba *. a67 continued : a67 Powell view they all , ludicrously . as we smash CUT to : 67 68 79 . int . a storage tunnel - late afternoon 67 we be in the bowel of the hospital . it 's pitch dark , save for the beam of several flashlight . Powell , wear a obsessed expression , play he beam over break xerox machine and corrode file cabinet . a young security guard give he a weary look . security guard we have check every inch of this hospital , Doctor Powell . nobody ever come down here . a 2nd beefier security guard , down on he belly , flash he beam into the last corner of the tunnel - illuminate a brick wall . he look back at Powell , shaking he head . Powell look at they both , wipe a cobweb from he face . int . conference room , emergency staff meeting ~ late day 68 mcallister , chakraborty , fleen , the rest of the gang , seat . as viller stare - incredulous ~ at Powell , who stand . viller patient do not just escape from this institution . they do not just escape ! powell ( know how bad it sound ) there 's no evidence of escape ... but , obviously , I have notify the police , social service . they be take it as a low priority since he have no clear record of be a public threat ... viller ( have hear enough ) I be go to have a great time explain this to the state board . we have psychotics up on Ward four pack they sneaker because they think they be all go to k ~ pax . find he , Doctor Powell ! Powell nod , there 's nothing he would like better . 69 int . powell' office - night 69 bleary -ey , Powell sit at he desk , on the phone . continued 69 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 80. continued : 69 powell what about the city shelter ? have you check ... no ... no , I be not tell you how to do you job ... thank you . he hang up , look through the doorway to he outer office - where Mrs. trexler still sit . curiously , he get up , shirt rumple , tie loose . he walk over , observe she diligent face - as she scroll through window of list and information on she computer . mrs . trexler phil 's old partner down at the 4th precinct - who 's now a detective -— give I a password to search they radio lag . ( shaking she head ) no police report of anybody fitting prot 's description be pick up . powell Joyce , it 's eleven o'clock at night and you be still here . I know why I be still here - but why be you still here ? she laugh , as if this be a silly question , eyeing she day calendar ... which already say JULY 17 . mrs . trexler Doctor Powell , do you know how long it take to search a database like this ? powell that do not answer my question . she turn from he point gaze , back to she computer . then , pause , to regard the photo of she husband on she desk , fondly . mrs . trexler the other day ... when prot come in , he ask I about phil. ( beat , still hard for she ) I say ... my husband be kill in the line of duty ten year ago . prot look at I with that , you know , alien , curious look . and ask I ... why I still keep a picture of he . ( a little quaver in she voice ) I tell he ... because it remind I of all the happiness we have together . ( more ) continued 69 70 71 bl . continued : ( 2 ) 69 mrs . trexler ( cont 'd ) ( beat , smile ) the next morning there be the most beautiful carnation on my desk . she wipe a tear from she cheek , look up at Powell , in amazement . mrs . trexler now how do prot know that be my favorite flower ? Powell look at she , not even know how to respond . int . powell' office - early morning 70 Powell , asleep , he head on he desk . a finger of sunlight stream in across the desk ... kiss he face . he squint , stir , wake up . realize he 's be there all night . he sit there a moment . then , put he hand into the beam of sunlight ... a funny sensation come over he . he get up , quickly , follow the beam ~ out he office - into the hallway . to a window . he peer out - the the hospital grounds , below . bird chirp in the early morning sun , dew be still on the grass . and on the bench by the fountain ... sit a solitary figure . Powell can tell from the back - that it be prot . ext . hospital ground - in a quick minute 71 as Powell , tie loose , suit wrinkle , hair dishevel , race across the grounds to prot , who hear he come up , behind . prot Doctor Powell , I presume . powell where the hell have you be !? prot newfoundland , labrador , Greenland , Iceland - powell cut the crap ! we have be search for you for three day ! prot regards Powell , not a little put off by he attitude . continued Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) 82 . 71 continued : prot I believe I mention my take a trip up north in one of we session , Mark . you really should keep track . powell take a trip !? ( look around , with a mad laugh , then back to prot ) you be a patient here ! you do not get out of here without a discharge . nobody do ! nobody have , nobody ever will ! and do not , do not give I that beam of light shit . because I do not buy it ! prot shift he glass away , somewhat confuse and disturb . as Powell sit down next to he . Powell 's eye remain , intently , on he . powell what would you say - if I be to tell you that I do not believe you take any trip to Iceland , Greenland , or any place ? that I do not believe you be from k - pax . that I believe you be as human as I be . prot I would say you be in need of a thorazine drip , Doctor . Powell walk right into that one . powell then , I appeal to you intelligence . can not you at least admit the possibility that I migght be right ? prot I will admit the possibility . if you will admit the possibility that I be from k - pax . Powell realize , at this moment , just how much this " be " have get under he skin . it be also , at this moment , he sense he opportunity : powell well , there be ... one way you could convince I beyond any doubt . of course , I would need you consent . continued 71 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) continued : ( 2 ) prot 's glass meet Powell 's eye , unsurely . powell it 's call hypnosis . it 's more like -- prot i be familiar with the term , Mark . after all , I have read most of you medical book during my time here . ( beat , resistant ) i do not see the point . powell well , let I tell you what you alternative be . a trip to a place where they will stick a needle in you ass every morning , which may ~ or may not ~ leave you with a stupid grin on you face for the rest of you day here on Earth . be that what you would like ? because - believe I - I will be sorce to sign a transfer before July th ! for a long moment , prot be silent . he look , disquietly , out at the bird and the tree and the high brick wall . Powell 's voice become gentle , earnest . powell I want to help you , prot . prot nsmile ) you have . you have provide I with a place to stay while I write my report . you have feed I . the fruit be wonderful -- powell I do not mean that kind of help . the resistance on prot 's brow begin to cave , as he struggle with Powell 's request . porter let I help you , prot . a long beat . prot bring he eye back to Powell . 83. 71 eee ee * ee ee re + of 71 al2 72 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) continued : ( 3 ) prot nobody need . nobody want . nobody on k - pax miss I -~ there would be no reason to . but when I leave here , I will be miss . ( beat ) a strange feel . powell you do not have to leave , prot . I be sure there must be some way for I to help you ... {off prot 's look ) »..to stay . as one of we . prot look at Powell . squeeze he knee . prot I will miss you , Doctor Powell . 83a . 71 prot exit . on Powell , as he watch prot enter the hospital . CUT to : int . monitoring room ~ behind a one - way -mirror - day a72 chakraborty , wear headphone with a mouthpiece , sit at a * heart and pulse monitor . a pulse rate beep on it . we move through the one - way mirror into -- int . special examining room - day 72 * windowless , subdued lighting . prot be recline ina special chair . his dark glass rest on he lap . a wire monitor be patch to one wrist , and another to he chest , beneath he * shirt . despite this , he look comfortable . more so than Powell , who , wear a tiny earphone , sit face he . nevertheless , Powell keep he voice calm . powell what we be go to be do , prot , be kind of like ~ daydream . when you daydream - you go into a natural trance . ( more ) continued * at2 72 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) 83a *. int . monitoring room - behind a one - way -mirror - day a72 chakraborty , wear headphone with a mouthpiece , sit at a heart and pulse monitor . a pulse rate beep on it . we move through the one - way mirror into -~ int . special examining room - day 72 windowless , subdued lighting . prot be recline in a special chair . his dark glass rest on he lap . a wire monitor be patch to one wrist , and another to he chest , beneath he shirt . despite this , he look comfortable , more so than Powell , who , wear a tiny earphone , sit face he . wevertheless , Powell keep he voice calm . powell what we be go to be do , prot , be kind of like - daydream . when you daydream - you go into a natural trance , ( more ) continued Rev. 01/16/01 ( 2nd Blue ) 84 . 72 continued : 72 a73 powell ( cont 'd ) we be just go to help induce that trance . kind of daydream together . be you ready ? prot when you be . powell good . I want you to keep you arm at you side and you leg uncross . focus you attention on the white spot in front of you . do you see it ? prot lock at the bright circle on the otherwise bare wall . prot of course ... powell good ... it want you to keep you eye on that spot ... do not take you eye off of it . you do not have to use any effort to keep focus on that spot «.. it 's easy ... so just relax , keep you eye on that spot ... and keep listen to my voice ... do you understand ? prot 's clear , dark eye be fix on the white circle . his voice get more relaxed . prot Mark , you be talk to a k- paxian ... powell ( smile ) I be go to count from one to five . at the count of three you eye will close and you will find yourself ina very nice , deep , comfortable , relaxed state of hypnosis . one , you eye be start to feel heavy now . two , want you to use you imagination . imagine small lead weight on you eyelid make they heavier and heavier . Three , keep you eye close and let yourself go way , way down leep . prot 's breathe become deeper , eyelid get droopy , head beginning to tilt ... int . monitoring room - same a73 chakraborty eye he monitor , carefully . into he mouthpiece . continued +e ee a ro er a713 73 74 Rev. 01/16/01 ( 2nd Blue ) continued : chakraborty pulse forty bpm . ( attempt levity ) I would be concerned if he be human . omitted int . examining room - same Powell stay fix on prot . powell four , let a wave of relaxation move all through you body start at the top of you head push all the tension before it as it move down you arm , through you hand and out you fingertip . down you leg , through you foot and out you toe into the air . all of you tension leave you body as you go down even deeper and deeper . and five , go way way way down deep . you be now in a relaxed hypnotic state and you can hear everything I say . prot 's shoulder slump . eye close . expression blank . 84a *. a713 73 74 ee rr rk re * Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 85 . int . monitoring room - same prot 's pulse beep slow and steady on the monitor . chakraborty rub he chin , stare at prot through the one - way 76 glass . int . examining room - same Powell stare at the hypnotize prot , wait a beat : powell can you hear I ? a moment pass . another . then , prot speak ... lucidly , clearly , but as if through a long distance . prot yes. powell ( relieved ) good . prot 's eye expression , prot 's brow ( then , carefully ) I be go to count to three . when I get to three I want you to open you eye . but you will remain relaxed . one ... two ... three . open . they be as blank as the rest of he powell how do you feel ? prot like ... nothing . powell that 's exactly how you should feel . now ... I want you to go back in time »« . it be no longer the present . you be become young . younger ... and young ... knit . his eye move , as if watch something . powell ( watch , closely ) what do you see ? continued 76 ee +e * * & 75 76 Rev. 01/16/01 ( 2nd Blue ) 85 . int . monitoring room - same 75 prot 's pulse beep slow and steady on the monitor . chakraborty rub he chin , stare at prot through the one - way glass . int . examining room - same 76 Powell stare at the hypnotize prot , wait a beat : powell . can you hear I ? a moment pass . another . then , prot speak ... lucidly , clearly , but as if through a long distance . prot yes. powell ( relieved ) good . * prot 's eye open . they be as blank as the rest of he expression . powell how do you feel ? prot like ... nothing . powell that 's exactly how you should feel . now ... zi want you to go back in time .-- it be no longer the present . you be become young . younger ... and young ... prot 's brow knit . his eye move , as if watch something . powell ( watch , closely ) I want you to recall the first * experience you remember . what do you * see ? * prot make a slight movement . * powell * what be that ? what do you see ? * continued 76 77 78 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) continued : prot iosee .. , a casket . Silver ... with a blue lining ... 86 . 76 in the monitoring room ~ chakraborty sit forward , with avid * interest . powell whose casket be it ? prot a mar n's . powell who be the man ? prot hesitates a moment . powell ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid . you can tell I . prot it be the father of a friend of mine . powell what be he name ? prot 's voice come out soft , sing -song , like a little boy . prot not tell . Powell regards he , confuse , attempt : powell be you friend a boy or a girl ? prot ( squirming in the chair ) a boy . int . monitoring room ~ same chakraborty , watch , in amazement . chakraborty he 's regress ... int . examining room - same Powell , realize he 's talk to a child now , proceed : powell how old be he ? continued 77 78 78 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) continued : prot six . powell how old be you ? prot make a " I do not know " face , scratch he head . entire body language have become that of a little boy . powell ( cont 'd ) what be you name ? prot shrug , again , as if not know . powell ( cont 'd ) do you live with the boy ? prot ( rub he nose ) nope . powell visit he ? prot nod vigorously with a wide , childlike smile . powell ( cont 'd ) where do you live ? prot Way , far away . powell ( try another tack ) do you know how you friend 's father die ? prot ( look sad ) he have a accident ... where he work . powell he be kill in a accident ? {as prot shake he head no ) he be hurt and die later ? ( as prot nod ) where do he work ? prot at a place where they kill cow . his 87 , Powell can not hide he excitement , know he 's onto something . powell a slaughterhouse ? continued 78 78 79 a80 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 88. continued : ( 2 ) 78 prot a place where they kill cow . * powell * where be this place ? * prot begin to fidget uneasily in he seat . * int . monitoring room - same 79 chakraborty check the monitor . * chakraborty * ( heedfully ) * pulse just shot up ten bpm . * int . examining room - same a80 * Powell slow down , voice calm . * powell * do you know ... where this place be ? * prot scratch he head again , fidget , give another " I do not * know " shrug . * powell * okay . I would like you to move forward in * time now ... * before Powell can say another word , prot 's eye be already * move ... as if he whole body be in motion . he sit up * straighter , older , demeanor change . * powell * ( watch he , intently ) * where be you ? * prot of * night time . we be in he house . * powell * the other boy 's house ? * prot * yeah . I want he to come outside . * powell : why ? * prot lift he eye to the ceiling , with a expansive smile . * prot * to look at the star . that 's where I * come from , you know . * continued abo b80 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 8en*. continued : a long , slow look of discouragement come over Powell 's feature . it be all he can do to hold it in . but then ... he expression change , suddenly undersand . he take a stab : powell be you name ... prot ? prot wow ! how do you know . int . monitoring room - same chakraborty , too , understand . whisper into he mouthpiece . chakraborty of course , prot be a imaginary friend - invent by this young boy ! a80 + bee a Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 89 . 80 int . examining room ~- same Powell , energize by the realization , continue : prot start seat . powell where do you come from , prot ? prot from the planet k - pak . it 's in the constellation lyra . powell you know all the constellation ? prot yup . most of an , powell do you friend know they too ? prot sure . after he dad be hurt at work and have to stay home ? they get a telescope . his dad teach he all about the constellation . only - ( with a big sigh ) ~- he 's not interested in them right now . powell why not ? to fidget again , uncomfortable , squirming in he prot something happen . that 's why he call I . he call I whenever something bad happen . powell nunderstand } like when he father die . prot that 's right . powell what happen today ? prot ( lip tremble a little ) his dog be run over by a truck . continued 80 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 80 continued : powell I be sorry to hear that . how do he call you ? how do you know to come ? prot dunno . I just sorta know it . powell how do you get to Earth ? prot dunno . I just come . 81 omitted 82 omitted 83 int . monitoring room ~ same chakraborty , understanding ... chakraborty he 's too young to have figure out light travel yet . a84 int . examining room - same Powell watch as prot really start twist impatiently . prot can I go outside now ? b84 int . monitoring room - same chakraborty ( caution ) read he body language , Mark . I do not think he want to talk any more , today . 84 int . examining room - same Powell hide he disappointment with a pleasant voice . powell okay ... prot , I want you to stay relaxed . think about the star . I be go to start count backwards now , from five to one . as I count ... you will become more and more alert . ( more ) continued 90 . 80 81 82 83 +e ag4 * bs4 * +t ee 84 eee ee Rev. 01/16/01 ( 2nd Blue ) 84 continued : powell ( cont 'd ) on the count of one , I will snap my finger and you will be wide awake , and feel refresh . five ~- you be start to come out of it now . four -- you be become more alert . Three -- you be even more alert . two -- you be start to wake ... and one ... ( snap he finger ) prot 's head bob , like someone whe 's suddenly realize he 's fall asleep . his eye blink . prot when do we begin ? powell it 's already over . prot eye he , slyly . prot the old fastest gun in the West routine . continued soa *. 84 es 84 85 ab6 86 Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 Powell just blow imaginary smoke from he finger . prot ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) well , I hope it be helpful . int . powell' office - late day 85 Powell hover around Mrs. trexler , who be at she computer . his thought be racing ahead of he . powell let 's find the location of all slaughterhouse operate in the United States . I mean , how many can there be ? mrs . trexler ( not have the foggiest ) I ... I do not know ... powell eliminate the one in or near large city . concentrate on small town , rural area — ( as if imagine it ) someplace where you can see the star . eat Joyce ... he look at she . and she can see that there be a desperation beginning to show in he eye . powell ( cont 'd ) we have only get six day . hallway on powell' floor a86 * Powell walk down hallway . mushroom light stand in hall . | * int . ward 2 ~ prot be room - day 86 as prot give howie a nod and a smile , then turn back to write in he red notebook . howie , with a purposeful smile , march down the hallway . he carry a stack of blank paper and a bunch of fat pencil . 87 Rev. 02/22/01 ( 2nd goldenrod ) s1a *. int . ward 2 - day room ~ same there be a unspoken tension in the air . sal play solitaire , distractedly . Ernie sit , sneaking glance at the other around the room . Mrs. archer come in , hold up two plastic cup , in a quandary . continued 87 92 . 87 continued : 87 mrs . archer should I bring the crystal or leave it here ? I suppose I will not really need it on k - pax . I do not even know what they drink . sal dream on , sister . he can only take one of we with he . why the hell would he take a stinker like you . he 's take I . mrs . archer how dare you ! TI do not stink , _. maria ( in street girl voice ) fo 'get it , he . I be the one 's goin ' ! ernie {to Maria , with a timid but derisive snicker ) yeah ? which - which one of you ? howie suddenly plop the paper and pencil down on a table . he look around , keenly , through he wire - rim glass . howie I have propose a essay contest . to decide who will go with prot . nve speak with he . and he 's agree to read they all by duly 27th . there be the screeching of chair as everyone come over to grab a sheet of paper . everyone except Russell and bess . howie ( cont 'd ) Russell ? Russell stand there , wring he stringy beard , tear between he Bible and the stack of paper . he tentatively take a sheet . howie ( cont 'd ) bess ? bess turn slowly from the tv . view the stack of paper , then she fellow inmate . for the first time , as she smile , we see the depth of sadness and dejection in she eye . bess k - pax sound like too good a place . they would not take somebody like I ... she turn back to the tv . continued 87 a88 b88 88 Rev. 02/12/01 ( 2nd Green ) 93. continued : ( 2 ) howie suit yourself . everyone suddenly shut up , look nonchalant - as prot enter . he take note of they all , warmly , like they be family . Russell , finger he dogneare Bible , slowly approach . russell would I ... would I get to take my Bible to k - pax ? prot consider he . see how deeply the question be etched on Russell 's torment brow . he give Russell a assure smile . prot of course , Russell . Russell 's feature quiver with elation . int . examining room - day Powell position several orb~like lamp around the room . he do so carefully , with purpose , as if set a stage . he turn they all on . then go over and flick off the sterile room light . he take stock of the darken room . satisfied . int . monitoring room - same chakraborty view the light , and Powell , through the window . figure there must be a method to he madness . int . mpi - examining room - day prot stare beyond the white circle , already in a hypnotic trance . Powell begin , calmly , but with a hint of more urgency . powell last time you tell I about you Earth friend and he father 's death . bo you remember ? prot of course . powell good . now , for want you to think back again ... but not so far back as last time . continued 87 88 88 Rev. 02/12/01 ( 2nd Green ) continued : prot slouches in the chaix , 93a * , 88 limb become gangly , adopt a teenager 's insouciance . he chew imaginary gum . then start act as if he 's converse with someone powell ( cont 'd ) ( witness transforma venture } this tion , be you friend there with you now ? prot yeah . powell can he hear we ? continued Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) 88 continued : prot what do you think ? he 's not deaf . powell ( attempt ) May I speak with he ? prot he do not want to . powell will he tell I he name , at least ? prot no way . Powell hide he frustration behind he smile . powell well , we have to call he something . how about - Pete ? prot that 's not he name , but whatever thrill you . monitoring room - chakraborty can not help a little chuckle . powell what year be it ? prot nineteen eighty -four . powell how old be you ? prot a hundred and seventy - five . powell ( get a idea ) and how old be Pete ? prot seventeen . powell ( make light of it ) and he 's still okay hang around with someone from k - pax ? 7 mean , what do he friend think ? prot ( shrug ) they do not know about I . continued 94 , 88 88 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) continued : prot pause , as if conjure Pete inside he . he put on ( 2 ) powell tell I about Pete . complicated frown . prot nod . Powell search prot 's face . powell what happen ? be there a problem ? ( discern ) be that why he call you ? powell what 's the problem ? prot he have a girlfriend . worried seventeen - year - old . prot sigh , Powell sit prot shed the worried seventeen - year - old face for a wide powell the problem be with he girlfriend ? he frown intensify . prot she 's ... pregnant . ( lamentably ) he can see what 's come . get marry , have a bunch of kid , take the same job that kill he dad . powell do he blame she for this ? prot ( take aback ) no , no . he love she . he just ... hate the chain people shackle themselves with . we do not have all that crap on k ~ pax . back , stymy , press on . powell all right . listen carefully ... I be go to ask you to come forward in time again ... say two week ... smile of solace . powell what do you see ? continued it be the pinch face of a s4a * , 88 * % eee * ee fr + eh + Rev. 02/06/01 ( 2nd yellow ) 88 continued : ( 3 ) prot a forest ... with lot of soft place to lie down , and fruit tree se . and all kind of wonderful being ... powell ( realize , vexingly ) you be on k=pax ? prot it 's good to be home ... powell ( with frustration ) all right - let 's come forward in time again . a year ... two year ... prot ( as if see it ) on the planet tersipion in what you would call the constellation Taurus . Orange and green everywhere ... powell prot ~ what I would like - be for you to come forward in time to you next visit to Earth . prot appear to be travel through he head . prot of course . uh , let 's see ... no , still on tersipion ... no , back on k -~ pax . March . ( smile ) yes , you March . that delightful time in you Northern hemisphere when the ice 's on the stream be melting . powell this be March ... of what year ? prot ninety . accord to you Earth calendar . powell and you friend Pete call you ? prot not for anything in particular . he just want someone to talk thing over with now and then . powell tell I about he now ... continued 94b , 88 8b Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) continued : Powell watch , in amazement , as prot transform he entire ( 4 ) persona to reflect a lumber docility . prot he work . same place he father and grandfather do . powell the slaughterhouse . prot yessir , the old butchery . {in disgust ) he 's a knocker . powell a knocker ? prot the guy who knock the cow in the head so they do not struggle when they throat be slit . I know , barbaric , be not it ? Powell consider he with a deep look , imagine this . powell do he still live in the same town ? prot outside of town . a old place he fix up . it 's not much , but it 's get a couple of acre ... and tree , and @ river . ( smile , imagine it ) remind I a little of k - pax , except for the river . powell tell I ... do he marry that pregnant girl ? prot what a memory ! yes , they be marry . but she 's no 's longer pregnant . that be six year ago . powell I have forget she name . prot S ... ( stop , wary ) i never tell you she name . continued 94c *. 8b * +e +e he + * eb * oe + er rr * ee ee 88 89 30 31 thru 96 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) continued : ( 5 ) powell ( take a chance ) can you tell I now ? int , monitoring room - same chakraborty sit forward , not know what to expect . he watch prot 's pulse rate beep steady ... int . examining room - same prot sit there , shoulder rise and fall with several thoughtful breath . finally , quietly , he say : prot Sarah . on powell , barely conceal he elation . powell do they have a son or daughter ? prot 's eyelid squinch , fondly . then , in a soft , tender breath : prot Rebecca ... she birthday 's next week . stay on Powell a moment ... move by this . omitted 94d - 98 + , 88 * 89 90 91 * thru 96 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 99 . 97 int . powell' bedroom - late night Powell lie in bed , wide awake . he look over at Rachel , asleep , curl away from he . a knit on she brow . he lean over , kiss she , softly enough that she do not waken ... 98 omitted 99 int . mpi clinic ~ evening as Powell and viller hurry off the elevator ~- chakraborty be wait for they . they head for the emergency room . viller what happen ? chakraborty howie try to kill Ernie . powell what !? they enter the emergency room - to find Ernie sit up ina bed , hand behind he head . a beatific smile on he fee . chakraborty ( reassure he ) not to worry . he be very fine . ernie I feel wonderful , Doctor Powell , absolutely wonderful ! powell for God 's sake , Ernie , what happen !? continued 37 98 99 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 100 . 99 continued : 99 ernie * my good friend howie just about * strangle I to death . * viller and Powell stare at howie , at a complete loss . as he * * throw he head back with a laugh , the red abrasion on he neck clearly visible . ernie ( cont 'd ) that old son-of - a~bitch , I love he ! viller ( look from Ernie to chak ) * I do not understand . * ernie oh , you should have see it ! * ( excitedly ) I be asleep . '' you know - the way I like , with my hand tie and everything ? he wrap something around my neck , handkerchief or something - and tightened it up ~ {with a crazy giggle ) ~ and there be not a goddamn thing I could do about it ! ( then , almost tremble with excitement ) well , when I stop breathe ~- he lift I onto a gurney and run I up here . they get I go again in a hurry ~ and when I wake up -~ +e ee Ernie grab Powell , with a look of revelation . ernie ( cont 'd ) you know what I realize , Doctor Powell ? dying - be something you have no control over . so why waste you life be afraid of it ? * Powell see the confidence in Ernie 's eye ... and begin to get a uneasy feel as to who 's really behind this . * ernie ( cont 'd ) from now on ? I be gonna sleep on my stomach . I will eat fish with bone - I will ~ I will swallow the biggest pill you can find ! bring it on , baby ! 100 int . ward 4 - seclusion room ~ evening 100 windowless , padded wall . as the heavy door open , Powell and * viller step inside ... they wear serious , careful expression . * continued 100 alol 101 102 Rev. 01/03/01 { ivory ) 101 * , continued : 100 but howie , sit in the corner , calmly - cut Powell a wide , proud smile . howie I cure he . do not 12 prot say one more task and I will be cure , too . ( a big twinkle in he eye ) and then it 's .. , bon voyage ! viller 's expression change . int . ward 4 ~ hallway - in a couple of minute alo as a attendant lock back the seclusion cell door and walk away . leave Powell and viller stand there . Powell bring he eye to she . viller 's look be harsh , the weight of she authority behind it . powell the hypnosis be work , Claudia . I know it . I be this close . I just need - viller this be not just about prot any more , Mark . it 's about all the patient . his eye stay on she . do not want to admit she 's right . viller ultimately , they be my patient . so , now , I be go to make a decision , and here it be . you have run out of time . int . ward 2 art room ~ night 101 Powell stand in the art room , alone . he look around , take in all the painting and the clay sculpture . every single one of they ... depict space travel . there be crazy planet -:- burst of star ... and spaceship ... and beam of light ... int . powell' office - early morning 102 Powell tear JULY 23 off he desk calendar - revealing JULY 24th . he consider the new date , soberly . crumple the old one up , tightly , in he hand . he stare at the diploma on he wall ... then come into he outer office . above Mrs. trexler 's desk , on the wall - be a map of the United States . red pin show the location of slaughterhouse . continued 1 + eee eee re sek ee rev : 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) 102. 102 continued : 102 he stare at the dozen and dozen of red pin ... a flicker of fear in he eye . fear of failure . powell tell I you name ... damnit , tell I you name ! 103 int . examining room ~ day 103 prot sit hypnotize once more , a peaceful , blank expression on he face . but Powell wear the weight of determination on he , powell I be go to give you a specific date +--+ and I want you to remember where you be and what you be do on that day . do you understand ? prot perfectly , my dear sir . Powell take a moment , prepare himself for what he be about to do . powell the date ... be jaly 27th . nineteen ninety -six . 104 int . monitoring room - same 104 chakraborty check the monitor , beep steady . 105 int . examining room - same 105 there be no hint of shock or emotion on prot 's face . he only smile . prot I be on k~pax ... Powell close he eye , ready to burst with frustration . powell be you sure ? prot quite sure , guv 'nor . I be harvest kropin for a meal . that be a fungi , something like you truffle . Big truffle . delicious . do you like truffle ? ( more ) continued Rev. 01/08/01 ( ivory ) , 103 , 105 continued : 105 prot ( cont 'd ) ( brow knitting ) wait ... there it be ... Powell regards he , keener now . powell what ? be it Pete ? prot yes ... I feel that he need I . ( beat ) now I be on Earth . I be with he , powell with Pete ? prot yes. powell where be you ? what be you do ? prot 's face become blank , expressionless , almost alien-like . his voice that of a outside observer ... prot by a river in back of he house . it be dark . he be take off he clothes . powell ( try to follow ) why be he do that ? prot 's feature tremble , as if a shiver pass through he . prot he ... in the monitoring room , the monitor beep steady ... powell he what ? what be he do ? prot he ... be try to kill himself . a look of revelation come on Powell 's face . 106 int . monitoring room ~ same 106 chakraborty , stunne , sit back in he seat . continued 106 107 108 109 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 104 , continued : 106 chakraborty * Jesus ... * ( then , into he * mouthpiece ) * Jesus , Mark ... we be not prepare for * this , TI think ... 7 think you should * * calm he down and bring he back . int . examining room - same 107 Powell hear , but choose to ignore , too intent on get * through to prot , now . chakraborty ( over powell' earpiece ) * Mark , do you hear I ? * Powell stare at prot . his whisper intend for chakraborty . * powell not now ... * int . monitoring room — same 108 ci orty * Mark , with all due respect ... I have * to speak in a official capacity now . * int . examining room - same . 109 Powell remain fix on prot . know he 's about to cross the * ine . * powell why do he want to kill himself ? in the monitoring room , chakraborty can not believe this . he * brace himself , . * prot because ... something terrible have happen . * powell have he do something , prot ? have he * do something ... he should not have ? * prot he do not want to talk about it . * powell do you know what happen ? * prot * no . * continued Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 105 , 109 continued : 110 powell no ? do not he tell you everything that happen to he ? prot not any more ... powell prot , I be try to help he ! T can not help he , unless he tell I what happen . prot he know that . powell then why will not he tell I ? prot 's breathe grow heavy , fight a visible shudder of remorse . . in the monitoring room ~ prot 's pulse monitor start beep rapidly , prot 's voice become a sober whisper , as if glimpsing the secret in the deep place of he soul . prot because then ... you would know what even he do not want to know eae powell then you have to help he , prot ! help he tell I what happen . prot he do not want to talk about it . be you fuck deaf !? powell but time be run out for he ! prot time be run out for everyone . ( grimly ) he jump in . he be float ... prot 's eyelid flutter , as if try to keep a dispassionate distance from what he be see . int . monitoring room chakraborty , with alarm , watch prot 's pulse rate keep rise . continued 109 110 * + eb ee + + * Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 110 continued : chakraborty pulse be up to a hundred and ten , respiration 's up to twenty - five ! for God 's sake , Mark ~ bring he back ! ! 111 int . examining room he start cough , as if full of water . slowly ... as Powell watch , rivete ... prot slip out of he powell save he , prot ! you be he friend , you can save he . prot I be he friend . that be why I will not interfere ... powell save he ! prot no ! there be no chance ... the current be too strong ... knee ... put he arm around himself . prot I ... cannot ... he be shiver now . shiver so violently that come out he nose in snort . in the monitoring room — chakraborty stand , spellbound . powell listen to I , prot. wiisten to I ... you have help a lot of patient here . you help Mrs. archer , you help howie , and Ernie . I be go to ask you to help cure Pete . let 's call it a - task . I want you ... to let I speak to he . prot , kneel there , shiver , snort , shake stiff resistance . suddenly , prot open he eye . he shake he head , horrify , powell if he 's listen , I want he to know he can trust I . I want he to know --. that if it be ... Sarah - or Rebecca - he do something bad to - as if Powell do not understand . 105a . chair and onto he the shiver he head in continued 110 ce + b oe * + tee tt re rrr ok + + dil 112 113 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 105b -106 continued : prot n-n-n-n-n-n. no. he - he ~ he - as Powell watch , in alarm now ~ prot 's feature transform from horror into seethe murderous rage -- into bottomless anguish . prot oh , God ~ oh , God - oh , God - oh , God - ohhhhhhh goooco00000000n ! } in the monitoring room — chakraborty tear he headphone off . press a code red button on the wall . prot 's scream continue — taper off into a sobbing animal - like wail . he kneel there , press he fist to he head , inconsolable . Powell watch ... he alarm turn to a painful look , and finally , to one of profound compassion . he kneel down , pick prot 's glass up from the floor . and prot 's notebook and pencil . then ... put he be around prot . powell it 's okay , it 's okay . as mcallister rush into the room , with a needle ready , and Navarro and simm , with leather restraint . Powell , keep hold of prot , motion they back . powell {to prot ) it 's okay ... prot reach out for Powell 's arm , take hold of it , take he glass ... prot yes , yes . it 's okay . shakily , he put the glass on . and to everyone 's surprise + ++ taise himself , ragain he breath , look around . prot five ... four ... three ... two ... one . yes , feel fine . feeling refresh . Powell just stare at he ... omitted iii ee oe tk +e of eet * 112 * 113 Rev. 01/09/01 ( ivory ) 107 . 114 omitted 114 115 int . late train to connecticut - day 115 Long go be the Wall Street commuter . in fact , the only two soul on the desert train car be Powell and a homeless man Powell , wrung out , ride with a aimless look . the homeless man jabber to himself , in a plastic Star Wars helmet and pink tight . under a soile trenchcoat , a fade sweatshirt read : " beam I up " ... as Powell stare at he ... catch in the crazy loneliness of the man 's babble ... he own full sense of failure hit he . seize by the desire to do something , he fish out he wallet to give the fellow a dollar . but as he do - prot' pencil fall out of he pocket - onto the train floor . Powell look down at it , surprised . a beat . his eye narrowing ... the pencil be blue ... whittle down almost to nothing from use . Powell reach down , pick it up . curious ... then ... with a inconceivable look ... on the side of the pencil , almost wear out , be a word and a half " the salva ... " and underneath it , what look like a area code ... " 505 . " all the rest have be do sharpen away . 115 al16 116 108 . continued : ii powell I be a son-of - a - he scramble to open he briefcase , go for he cell phone - but the phone pocket be empty . he search madly through the briefcase , check he own jacket pocket . must have leave the damn phone at the office , shit ! fo as the train squeal to a stop , Powell squint out the window with unfamiliarity . no matter . he just get off - ext . raised train platform - continuous all6 graffiti cover the platform . Powell have get off at 125th Street . he look around for a pay phone . none . he run down the metal stair to the - ext . STREET underneath - continuous 116 this be harlem . a radio boom rap from a buick lesabre on the corner . several tough look homie hang around it . they view the white man with the briefcase , warily . Powell do not care . he make a b-line for the — pay phone in front of a all - night grocery . he fish coin out of he pocket , put they in the phone , hold the pencil up to the light to read the area code on it , and punch in a number ... wait ... long distance operator ( over phone ) what city please ? powell . yes , yes - where be this !? where be I call - where be you ? operator { over phone ) {carefully ) . you have reach long distance information in New Mexico , sir . powell ( can not believe it ) New Mexico ! New Mexico ! the homy on the corner eye each other , not know what to make of Powell . operator ( over phone ) what city please ? continued 116 117 Rev. 01/16/01 ( 2nd Blue ) 109 , continued : 116 Powell look at the pencil , mouth the letter to himself +--+ s-a-l-v-a ... then , realize . powell the salvation Army ... operator ( over phone ) I be sorry sir , what city ? a wild shout escape Powell . he hang up . thrusts more coin into the phone . punch in another number , eyeing he watch , which say 11:30 p.m . powell Joyce ! can you meet I in the office * in 45 minute ? * int . powell' office - late night 117 Mrs. trexler , hastily put together , sit at she computer . Powell look over she shoulder . mrs . trexler there be a dozen salvation Army store in New Mexico -- albuquerque , Las cruce , roswell -- wait a minute . there 's one in Santa Rosa . +e ee she look up to she wall , at the map of slaughterhouse . Powell be right with she . as she move she finger - to one of three red pin in New Mexico . the one stick in a small town name guelph . powell ( squinting at the map ) guelph , New Mexico . look pretty damn close to Santa Rosa . * ( to trexler , excited ) what 's the biggest local hewspaper for that region . can we find that ? trexler get out of one web site - onto another , explore . her finger fly . Powell 's eye glue to she screen . then ... a amaze smile from trexler . mrs . trexler the guadalupe County observer - cover guadalupe County . powell {on a mission ) bring it up . continued lio . 117 continued ; mrs . trexler owork as fast as she can ) it 's a long shot . powell it 's we only shot . in a moment , before they , on the screen appear the guadalupe County observer . trexler mrs . we be lucky . they go back five year . powell ( incredibly grateful ) son-of~a~bitch . let 's go to July 27th , nineteen ninety - five . it take she a few interminable moment , but she get to the front page of the JULY 27th , 1995 edition . they scan down the front page headline on the computer screen ++. nothing . powell swap meet , forest fire , livestock sale . damn , wait ~ ( think ) go to the 28th . Mrs. trexler punch up the 28th . the front page appear . Powell put he finger on the screen — powell there ! guadalupe County observer , front page , July 28th , 1995 , read : °deadly attack lead to murder , suicide for guelph man " , Mrs. trexler put she hand to she mouth . powell oread it ) Robert porter ... drown . . he let out a incredible laugh . plant a kiss on a startle Mrs. trexler 's cheek . powell his name be Robert porter ! Mrs . trexler look back , troublingly , at the headline on the screen ... murder , suicide ... not entirely sure . 118 119 a120 120 Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) 111. int . powell home - morning 118 Rachel , worried , have not sleep , butter Natalie 's waffle and pour herself some coffee - when the phone ring . she pick it up , quickly . greatly relieved . rachel Mark , I have be so worried , where - ( incomprehensibly ) you be fly ... to New Mexico ? ext . albuquerque airport - day 119 as a jet come smoothly in for a landing ... ext . guelph , new mexico - day a120 Powell drive from airport to guelph in alien landscape of New * Mexico . * int . sheriff' office - guelph , new mexico - day 120 the sheriff , who walk with the gut and gait of a man use to he small town badge , flip through a old squeaky file cabinet . while Powell sit against the edge of a desk , briefcase and coat in hand , wait . the slow pace here be madden . he can not help glance at the cattleman 's Bank day calendar on the wall ... July 26th . sheriff I remember the case , all right . just about the biggest thing ever happen in this part . ( eye Powell , wryly ) we be not from New York City , you know . he find the file . sheriff porter . Robert porter . here it be . he look through it , remember , with a regrettable shake of he head . walk over to let Powell take a look , sheriff quiet type , I remember . strong as a horse , though . worked as a knocker . live ' bout twenty mile outside a ' town , with he wife and child , sweet little girl . wife be indian . {beat ) pretty much keep to themselves . continued Rev. 11/3/00 ( Blue ) lla '. 120 continued : 120 Powell be amaze by something he find in the file . powell Sarah . his wife 's name be Sarah . continued 120 121 122 112 . continued : 120 sheriff that 's right . good lookin 's woman , too . damn shame ... what happen . he reach for he hat on a hook , regards Powell . sheriff get time to take a ride ? ext . slaughterhouse - pay 121 as Powell stare up at the tall wooden structure . it stands like a hellish , grind furnace against the stark blue sky . but to Powell , it be a affirmation of the truth . and as he det out a silent laugh of awe , we widen - the take in the expanse of moo angus steer . literally acre of they . the smell practically in we nostril . the sheriff come up , stand beside he . _. sheriff yes , sir ... the old butchery . Powell turn to he , astound , at hearing that phrase . sheriff c'mon . I will take you by the house . ext . porter house - day 122 as the sheriff 's car come up a dirt road , to stop ... at the ruins of what be once a idyllic small farm . Powell climb out of the car , slowly . let the place seep into he sense . the sheriff come around the car , view the ruin , solemnly . sheriff be empty . nobody come anywhere near here since ... all that happen . no live next of kin for the place to go to , anyway . he take he hat off , almost respectfully , and walk up the overgrown path . Powell follow he ~ up stone step ~ into a house that be little more than pillar in the open air . continued 113. 122 continued : 122 a loveseat take over by weed , shard of dish , a mirror , clump of what be once book , toy ... be all that be leave to testify that a family once live here . Powell 's eye fall , a moment , on the break hammer of what be once a piano sound board ... as the sheriff begin , grimly , quietly : sheriff have detective come from albuquerque try an’ piece this one together . accordin ' to the official Story ... porter be at work s+ . when this drifter , a daryl Walker , come by the house , two -time parolee , lookin ' for trouble . know what I be sayin ' ? start out as a robbery . '' wife and daughter be out back 1 ... closer on powell .. , he gaze out past the hinge of what once s35. 2 back door . he hear prot 's voice Calling ... " Becky ? Sarah ? and he flash on : prot' face , but it be now ROBERT porter' face . a happy , tired humanity on it as he get out of he truck , overalis stain after a hard day 's work . he wait for he daughter to tun out of the house and into he arm . wait ... but he be meet with a eerie silence , perplex , he head up the stone path - and into the house . sheriff ( v.0 . ) what we gather ... from forensics and all , be that - this Walker - bring both woman back in the house at gunpoint , following porter ~ he boot trudge up the stair , face grow worried at the silence . porter becca ... saree ? his breathe become quick , panicked , as he move down the narrow hallway ... see a doll on the floor ++. @n overturn water can ... he come to the bedroom ... as we come back to : powell' eye , wide , shake , listen to the sheriff ... sheriff ( v.0 . ) raped the wife , then shot they both . continued 114 . 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 123 powell flash on : the bedroom ... blood everywhere ... hand tie to bedpost 5 naked leg splay ... '' bare foot dangle over the side of a bed . on porter ... witness this , eye freeze . he wear the look of a man whose universe have , in one instant , shattered . and leave he in the airless blackness of Space . from deep within he come a choke sound .. , sheriff ( v.0 . ) porter must have come home , find Walker still here .. , porter stagger back inte the hallway ~ to see WALKER . who , scared , take out a gun . daze , but with a animal~like reflex , porter knock it out of he hand . they struggle for the gun , like two grunt beast until porter ... with a inhuman strength , grab Walker 's wrist , and pin he to the wall . then raise he ether fist ... a Savage look come into he eye . a look build up over a iifetime of meekness . and we stay on porter' face - as , with a final savagery - he send the side of he fist into Walker 's neck see sheriff ( v.0 . ) and then knock the so not ' bitch like a angus steer ... back to powell ~ as he close he eye . powell God all mighty ... sheriff snapped a grow man 's neck like it be a twig . nlook tightly at Powell ) can not say I would not have do the same . the sheriff put he hat on , walk out , down the rubble of back step , Powell follow he - ext . porter house ~ ouT back - day 123 as the sheriff continue on , toward the tree , Powell linger a moment . to view a withere vegetable garden . he approach it , astonished ... to see ... the remain of a lawn sprinkler somehow save from fire . it sit there in the grip of weed , attach to a blacken hose . continued 115 . 123 continued : 123 124 along with the scorched handle of what 's leave of a child 's jump rope . and as Powell stare at it ... a image flash across he eye : a beautiful young woman , jong black hair shine in the sun + + + and a little girl , much like Natalie . they jump rope barefoot , innocently , happily , in the spray of water . then another image : dusk . Robert porter , staggering out of the house . he kneel down , try to wash the blood off he hand in the sprinkler , see the jumprope ... as Powell blink the image from he mind ... a final one come to he : night ... porter stand on the bank of a rush river . he stare , as if into nothing . overall spatter with the dry blood of both man and slaughter cow . with one hand ... he rip off the strap , let the overalis fall off he . with the other hand , he tear the shirt off he chest . nake now ... devoid of any human expression ... he grop into the water ... let it carry he away ... sheriff ( v.0 . ) we find he clothes here . probably where he jump in ... ext . river - day 124 Powell stare into the tush white water . he and the sheriff stand , carefully , on the bank . as the sheriff continue , loudly , above the sound of rapid : sheriff this river 's pretty treacherous , even in duly . get 'a hell of a current . he look downstream , thoughtfully , for a couple moment . sheriff still ... 2 s'pose it might have be a mistake , officially , to list it as a drown . since the body be never find . ( beat , turn to Powell ) . if that boy you get out there in New York be really Robert porter vee I would just as soon not know about it . you ow what I mean ? continued 124 124a a125 ab125 b125 Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) 116 . continued : 124 Powell consider the sheriff . then the river . with a deep , poignant gaze . int . atrplane ~ evening 124a the last glow of the western sun shine through a plane window ++. onto Powell 's scotch and peanut . he sit there , look through a copy of the sheriff 's file bear the label : " porter " ... there be grizzly photo of the crime scene ... driver 's license photo of Robert porter ... mug shot of Walker . glimpsis of word from the report : " forced entry ... 25 cm gash ... thorax to abdomen ... blood ...seman ... the decease : Sarah porter , Rebecca porter ... beside Powell , rest on he briefcase , be also a old high school yearbook ... from guadalupe High School , 1985 . Powell close the file , with sober reflection , and look out he window ... at the first star twinkle in the darken sky - ext . powell house -- night a125 as a taxi stop in front . and Powell step out , with nothing but he briefcase . the clothes on he back stick to he . he be bone-weary . but the sight of he home fill he with emotion . int . girl ' bedroom - upstair abl25 Powell stand there in the doorway . gazing upon he * daughter . they angelic face , as they sleep ... * he also notice prot 's star map ... the girl have tack it * up on they wall . it seem to fit right in with the twinkle * moon and star wallpaper . * int . powell' home ~- in a few moment bi25 Powell step quietly . the house be in some disarray . * Rachel lie on the couch in exhaust sleep , knot of worry on * she brow . * he kneel down , and just drink she in with he eye . take * phone from she hand , which have fall , and gently lift it * back onto the couch . not want to let she hand go . he get * * up . continued bi25 Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) l16a *. continued : b125 she awaken , surprised that she would fall asleep . that tired . * but when she see he , she do not care . he 's here now . * rachel Mark ... he hold she tight . powell shhh , let I just hold you ... rachel I call Joyce - you do not come home - you do not call - do not ever do this again . powell ( whisper into she hair ) I will not , I will not . she wipe tear of relief from she face , then collect herself , anxious to hear - rachel what happen ? Powell sit up with she . * she look up , at she husband . see the conflict on he face . powell I find what I be look for . * continued b125 b125 e125 Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) 116b . continued : ( 2 ) b125 powell ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) of be truthful , Rachel ... I wish I have not . he look at she . powell twenty ~ five year of practice under my belt . never think I would say that . it be then , he see a note by the mobile phone . he pick it * up , curiously ... it say ... " call Steve - important " . * ( alt ) int . powell be home ~ in a few moment b125 * Powell step quietly . the house be in some disarray . * take in Rachel . she lie on the couch in exhaust sleep , knot of worry on she brow . he come over , gently take the mobile phone out of she hand . he hold onto that hand . do not want to let go of it ... it be then , he see a note by the mobile phone . he pick it * up , curiously ... it say ... " call Steve - important " . * int . princeton observatory - conference room ~ day c125 * ( previously shot as scene 56 ) * Steve turn on a speaker phone , around which sit Flynn , Patel * and hessler . behind they be a array of computer screen * display STAR map . * steve * I be puttin’ you on speaker phone , * Mark . I have get the boy here . * Flynn take the pipe from he mouth , lean toward the phone . * flynn * we have be admire you patient 's * star map , Doctor Powell . * he look down at prot 's hand - draw STAR map . it look like * like scribbles and dot and swirl . a crude little arrow in * the middle of the map point to a position label " Earth " . * flynn * * to be honest , at first it look like just a bunch of scribbles and dot . ( more ) continued c125 b1l25 e125 f125 Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) continued : flynn ( cont 'd ) ( study it as he speak ) but then , we notice ~ two spiraling smudge in the leave quadrant - in relation to the position he indicate for Earth . he turn to another computer screen on which Steve bring up a real STAR map . flynn ( cont 'd ) on we map , that 's suppose to be the position of a neutron star call a45 , that we estimate be several time smaller than we sun . be you with I so far ? omitted ext . powell' patio ~ night Powell stand , mobile phone to he ear , unsteadily ... powell uh ... int . observatory - same ( previously shot as scene 58 pt ) now Steve lean over to the phone again . steve see , Mark , the chart I generate be for the night sky as we see it from Earth ~- only transpose one thousand light year to where k - pax be suppose to be . but ... I make a mistake . you see , from one thousand light year - werd have a slightly different view of a4s5 . he hold prot' map next to yet another screen ... on which there be a very large white star that seem to coincide - exactly - with prot 's two smudge . steve we have analyze prot 's map and compare the coordinate to the know star field . where we think there be only a neutron star , he have draw what appear to be a star and a accretion isc . 116c *. €125 ae ee er ee dl25* £125* f125* eee here rel £ +e kb re g125 ah125 h125 Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) 116p*. ext . powell' patio - night g125 * Powell squint up at the night sky , then , into the phone . * powell * accretion disc ? * flynn * the data related to the star in this * area suggest the existence of a body * * of enourmous mass . int . observatory ~ same ah125 * ( previously shot as scene 58pt ) steve no , we be go to double - check with the Keck in Hawaii - but I be pretty sure you boy just confirm the existence of a suspect black hole . or ee * Flynn move closer to the phone , attempt : flynn believe I , Doctor Powell , I know how crazy this sound ... but , there be no way someone could guess this , or intuit a map like this - ( no other way to say it ) - unless he have actually be there «-- to this planet k~ pak . +o re rr of ext . powell' patio ~ same ~ night h125 * Powell , daze . he lower the phone for a moment . even as we * hear Steve talk through it ~ steve ( v.0 . ) we can not sit on this , Mark . there be a lot of other lab that would love to make this announcement . you understand . er oe * Powell raise the phone again . do not know what to say into it , except - * powell Steve , please do not do anything for a couple of day . I really appreciate that . thank you for you input . ee ee * Powell look at the starry night . 125 126 Rev. 07/30/01 ( 2nd Tan ) ( replacement scene ) l16e *. int . hospital - ward 2 - evening 125 ernie , wear a party hat , blow a noisemaker . there be streamer everywhere . a festive banner strung across the day room read : " bon voyage , prot ! " the entire ward be in party hat . at a table , howie be busy collect " why I want to go to k - pax " essays . we see the handwritten title , some in crayon , as they be put in a pile . howie look up , surprised - as Navarro slip he a essay . int . powell' office - evening 126 Powell look down at the dog-eare cover of a old guadalupe high school yearbook , 1985 . from guadalupe County , New Mexico . it sit on he desk . he look at it , think hard . then take out a bottle of scotch and two tumbler . place they beside the yearbook . he pour himself a tumbler . downs it . and just stand there , prepare himself , wait ... in a couple moment , he door open . and prot enter . Powell put on a smile . powell have a seat . prot eye he , carefully , sit . powell ( cont 'd ) all pack ? ready to go ? prot quite ready . I travel light . ( beat , smile perplexedly ) that 's a joke . you human have no sense of humor . Powell let out a delay " I get it " laugh . then , pour both glass of scotch . prot , watch , with uncertainty , sense Powell have something up he sleeve . powell I doubt Freud ever try this . but - when someone 's go away , we usually like to send they off with a toast . scotch okay ? or would you care for something more - fruity ? continued 126 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) 117 . continued : prot ( eyeing he ) I will try scotch . Powell pick up both glass ~ leave the yearbook there on he desk . he come over , hand prot a glass . still unsure , prot get up , take it from he . they stand there . powell well ... here 's to a safe trip . prot watch Powell drink . then , after a moment 's hesitation , do the same . letting out a whistle . powell to tell you the truth , k - pax do sound like a beautiful place . ( muse , pour himself a little more ) I would like to see it some day . think there 's a chance ? prot you should see more of you world . prot Mark ... I want to tell you something . ( beat ) something you do not know yet . Powell wait , eye rivete on prot . prot but we knpaxian have be around long enough to have discover ... as Powell 's look turn unclear ... prot peer into he empty scotch glass , with a solemn fatalism . prot the Universe will expand , then collapse back on itself —- then expand again . it will repeat this process again and again , forever . what you do not know ... be that ... when the Universe expands again , everything will be as it be before . whatever mistake you make this time around , you will live through again on the next pass . ( a choke in he voice ) you will live through that mistake again and again , over and over and over . forever . ( more ) continued 126 eee + * eee eere rr re 126 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) continued : should see more of you own family , Mark . invite you son for Christmas . Powell , in surprise , swallow some more scotch , come around , to sit - in he patient 's chair . prot pause powell I just may do that , prot , prot you know what I have learn about Earth ? how much you take it for grant . there 's enough life on earth to fill fifty planet . plant , animal , people , fungi , viruse , all jostling to find they place . bounce off each other . feed off each other ... ( beat ) connect . powell you do not have that kind of connection on k - pax ? prot nobody need . nobody want . nobody on k~ pax miss I -- there would be ho reason to . but when I leave here , I will be miss . ( beat ) a strange feel . powell T want to help you , prot . prot thank you , Mark , but I do not need you help . I be go home . for a moment . powell you do not have to leave , prot . I be sure there must be some way for I to help you ... ( off prot 's look ) -- to stay . as one of we . prot look at Powell , squeeze he knee . continued 117aa *. ( 2 ) 126 prot ( cont 'd ) ( look up at Powell ) * se , my friend , make sure you never * make a mistake you will regret * forever . as a matter of fact , you * tee re er re ee bee + SE re * of eee er of * 126 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) continued : ( 3 ) prot I will miss you , Doctor Powell . they sit there , look straight into each other for a beat . Powell , sense the moment have come , glance over at the yearbook on he desk . then back at prot . prot try to read he expression ... Powell hesitates , just a moment too long ... prot put down the scotch glass , stand up , burp . continued 1178+. 126 126 Rev. 01/22/01 ( 2nd pink ) continued : ( 4 ) prot ( cont 'd ) oh ~ I have to finish my report . ( patting he pocket ) and I seem to have lose my pencil , Powell regards he . the yearbook sit on the desk ... they stare at each other . there be two way Powell could go here . but ... something inside he make he ...just ... take the gold montblanc pen from he own pocket ... and hold it out to prot . powell here , take mine . prot take it , admire it , grateful . prot a much more efficient write tool . thank you . powell consider it a go away present . continued 118. 126 * eke 126 Rev. 07/26/01 ( 2nd cherry ) ( replacement scene ) 119 . continued : ( 6 ) 126 prot adios , my friend . Powell watch he walk to the door . he sense the moment have come . it 's now or never . powell I want to show you something , prot . he hasten over to he desk , grab the manila envelope . prot 's expression grow more unsure , as Powell open the envelope , and take out ... the guadalupe High School yearbook 1985 . he show it to prot . close on prot ... he stare at the yearbook ... Powell watch prot , intensely , wait for a reaction ... we , too , be wait for a reaction . a expression of immense sadness take hold of prot ... follow by immediate calm . prot that be Robert porter ... my dear Earth friend . you find he . I know you would . good work , Doctor Powell . powell {earnestly ) it 's you , prot. you and Robert porter be the same person . prot ( with a laugh ) that be patently absurd . I be not even human . powell ( try ) at least admit the possibility . prot I will admit the possibility . if you will admit the possibility that I be from k -~ pax . Powell have no reply to this . prot now , if you will excuse I . I have a beam of light to catch . Powell can only watch he walk to the door ... continued + + + +e rf fee rh rr hehe of 126 127 128 Rev. 07/26/01 ( 2nd cherry ) ( replacement scene ) alis ~ a* , continued : ( 7 ) 126 but , just as prot be about to walk out , he pause , look back * at Powell . leave he with a wise little smile . * prot * Mark ... now that you have find he . * take care of he . * and with that he walk out the door . * Powell stand there . a look come into he eye , half * understanding . he finish he scotch ... * int . ward 2 - night 127 the bon voyage party be in full swing . cake frosting ring every patient 's mouth , as a rouse " for he 's a jolly good fellow " be sung to prot . int . nurse station - same 128 Powell stand at the window , watch the festivity . as viller come up , briefcase in hand , join he there . viller I be transfer he to stonybrook tomorrow . I be sorry , Mark . there 's just no way I could explain this to the state board review . the only reason I do not do it sooner be - well , look - she shake she head at the spectacle . viller ~ it would have upset the rest of they too much ... and with that , she just walk away , to the elevator , get on . continued Rev. 02/12/01 ( 2nd Green ) 120 . 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 mcallister ( cont 'd ) do not worry - he 's not go anywhere . now , get some rest . Powell regards the clock on the wall : 10:56 p.m . he draw a reluctant breath . powell we have get seven hour , Betty . I will be up in four . he turn , tired , to the elevator . 129 int . day room — same 129 as the song finish with a loud cheer , howie come 'up , and with a air of formality , present prot with the essays . as everyone remain clap - sal suddenly rip off he party hat . his face angry , desperate . he shout : sal i can not stand this ! the room turn instantly quiet . Ernie , Maria , howie , the other - all put they party whistle down , to look at he . sal ( cont 'd ) ( address prot ) I demand to know . which one of we be go with you , prot look around . see that sal speak for all . he smile , as if he will miss every one of they . prot I will tell you this . ( hold up the essay ) there 's extra point for the one who go to sleep first . there be a mad scramble , as everyone dash for they room . Maria leave prot with a tearful embrace . in a few moment , howie be the only one leave . he walk over , eyeing prot through he wire -rim . he clear he throat . howie you never give I my last task . what 's my last task ? prot tuck the essay away , whisper to howie , significantly . prot stay here ... , and be prepare for anything continued 129 Rev. 02/12/01 ( 2nd Green ) continued : howie be crestfallen , but as prot pat he on the shoulder with a nod of implicit trust ... something , slowly , come into howie 's eye . and he stand a little straighter , a little more important , with a measure of self - worth . 120a *. 129 tb r130 Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) int . powell' office - night 121. Powell enter . emotionally and physically exhaust . it be then , he notice - Rachel , sit there on he couch . a couple of take - out carton in front of she . his surprise be so complete , he do not know what to say . rachel Chow fun . at this moment , she be the most beautiful sight he see . powell ( realize ) from the place on Broadway -- with the ugly lantern in the window . she pat the seat next to she . he do not resist . feed he a bite , and another . rachel the waiter always shout at we . powell the fortune cookie never have any fortune in then . they share a laugh . then , Rachel give he a deep hold up another bite . rachel we do not need any . I know my fortune that night . he be sit right across from I . they eye remain on each other . and Powell realize how much this woman mean to he . powell I hope he still be . Rachel put down the food . leans forward . kiss have ever she spoon smile , he . as Powell 's eyelid start to close , she gently lie he down , put a couch pillow under he head ... r130 * of eee et 131 132 133 Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) 122 . int . ward 2 ~ prot be room - much later 131 * prot sit straight and quiet , arm fold in he lap , hold he red notebook . his bed be neatly make , the room tidy . he just sit there as if wait for a plane . int . powell' office - same time 132 Powell , asleep , Rachel snuggle up to he . his wristwatch beeps . he wake up with a start . waking she up . he try to squint at he watch . can not see it . turn to he desk clock : 5:47 a.m. powell shit ! int . ward 2 - same 133 Navarro sit in the hallway , post outside prot 's door . a oxygen tank and respiration equipment stand with hin . he turn to simm , post at the fire escape door , and hold up a twenty dollar bill . navarro twenty say he go . at the security station - the guard check he three monitor : prot , sit in he room . hallway , Navarro station . stairwell , empty . he glance up at the clock . as it turn to 5:49 a.m . then look over to the nurse station . security guard two minute . wonder where Doctor Powell be ? mcallister close the book she 's be read , get a little fidgety now . she pick up the phone . mcallister I will buzz he . 134 135 123. int . hospital - empty hallway - same 134 Powell come skid around a corner , run as he put he jacket on . he hit the elevator button . as he wait , he be draw to a window . he look out , up ~ at the sky . there be a electricness about it . a lone star twinkle in the dark purple pre-light of dawn . Powell punch the button again , frantically . then , just take the stair . int . ward - same 135 the security guard eye the clock : 5:50 a.m. security guard one minute . on one of he monitor , Powell appear dash down the stairwell . security guard here come Doctor Powell . prot , in he room - stand up . take he dark glass off . navarro , in the hallway - look through prot 's door . navarro he 's movin " ! mcallister come out from behind the nurse station , alert . prot fold he glass , set they on he table . he face he window ... as the first light of dawn come through it . just as - powell burst onto the ward , from the stairwell door . he run , whisper under he breath — prot ! powell rote prot' room - the rise SUN send its first sharp ray through prot 's window ~ and into prot 's eye . security station ~ the security guard glance at the clock , as the number turn to ... 5:51 alm . and now , everything happens at once Mrs. archer run out of she room - mrs . archer wait for I , you fucker ! she collide with Powell , knock they both down . continued '' 135 136 124 . continued : 135 Navarro turn away from prot 's door , to the commotion . as Powell lift Mrs. archer back up , he look past she - to see a blind orange beam of sunlight shine through the window of prot 's door . the security guard look to the monitor of prot 's room . which have now go to static ... security guard what the hell ? powell grab Navarro 's key ring . run for prot 's door . blind by the sunbeam come through its window , he fumble for the right key - get it in the lock — open the door - stay on powell' face - as he eye search the room ~ the window ~ the table ~ wall ~ every corner . no trace of prot . powell Son of a - for a instant , a smile of disbelief flash across Powell 's feature . then he eye lower ... powell oh , God . he kneel down ... to the body crumpled underneath the bed in a fetal position . barely conscious , eye half open with a dead , vacant look . powell oh , God ... Navarro and mcallister hurry into the room . navarro oh , man ... int , hallway ~ in a few minute 136 the patient , who have now wake up , gather in the hallway , murmure curiously - as prot be carry out of he room , past they , on a gurney . his eye remain vacant , body rigid . ernie who 's that ? sal beat 's I . how would he get in here ? maria that 's not prot . continued 136 r137 Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) ( replacement scene ) 125 . continued : 136 howie definitely not prot . Ernie notice the sun stream through the day room window . he smile . ernie certainly not . prot 's go . Maria look around , as if sense someone else be miss . maria where 's bess ? the patient look at each other , then all around . ernie where - where be bess ? int . bess' room - in a moment r137 as the patient all converge in she open doorway , stare ... a pair of hospital slipper sit neatly by bess 's bed . and she hospital bracelet , leave neatly on she pillow . sal ( devastate ) he choose bess . Mrs. archer 's face tremble with envy . mrs . archer bitch . a ebullient smile spread across Ernie 's face . ernie he take bess ... howie nod . it 's true . howie he take bess . maria good of ' you , homegirl ! howie make he way over to the bed . pick up ... a piece of * paper from bess 's pillow . on it ... be a crude , simple * draw of flame shoot out of a house . and a bluebird , * fly away from the fire . and the word : " I have no Home " . * howie ( happily ) bess go to k - pax . * 138 139 Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) { replacement scene ) 125aa *. int . hallway - same 138 as Navarro and simm solemnly pull the gurney into the elevator . and the elevator door close ... powell ( v.0 . ) patient two eight seven . Robert porter ... and we dissolve to int . powell' study ~ day 139 Powell lean back in he chair , stare at the small recorder on he desk . continued 139 r140 Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) ( replacement scene ) 126 . continued : 139 powell ( v.0 . ) how I wish I could say that Robert sit up one fine day and say " I be hungry - get any fruit ? " he look down at prot 's red notebook , open it to a title page , which read , in pencil : " preliminary observation on b~tik ( farth ) . " then , he eye take he out he study window ~- where Rachel , gabby and Natalie be plant a rise bush in the garden . powell ( v.0 . ) like most catatonics ... he probably hear every word we say , but refuse , or be unable to respond . perhaps with patience on we part he will recover , in time . ext . central park ~ cactus garden - day r14 wide shot , moving in slowly ... on ROBERT porter , who sit in a wheelchair , blanket wrap around he , hair rustling in a breeze . Powell , seat on a bench , read a letter , aloud , to he ... powell ( have trouble read howie 's handwrite ) I like my new job at the library very much ... I like help peopie find thing ... except when they get impatient with I . as we come in close now ... Powell look at porter , whose gaze remain vacant . he continue read the letter , anyway -- powell ( cont 'd ) I go and visit Ernie yesterday at he Mom 's house . do you know , Doctor Powell , that Ernie 's take a test to be a crisis counselor ? ( laugh at the think of this ) imagine that . porter remain mute . powell look , howie send a picture . continued 0 eee er rrr re * of r140 Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) ( replacement scene ) 126a *. continued : with a smile , he hold up a photograph to porter . porter 's eye move , slowly , to the smile picture of howie and Ernie . but he register no reaction . Powell take it back , try to keep a smile . he go back to read the letter -- powell say hello to all my friend ... I miss they . and please let I know when bess come back because I want to know all about k - he stop himself . reflective a moment . glance at porter , troubling . then , just fold up the letter , put it in he pocket . continued r140 ce ee 2 of r140 141 Rev. 07/20/01 ( 2nd salmon ) ( replacement scene ) continued : ( 2 ) powell that 's one thing we need to talk about bess . z really worried about bess . we have check shelter , halfway home , the police have come up empty ... it 's as if she ... just disappear . ( look cannily at Robert ) July twenty - seventh . you would not happen to want to tell I anything about that , would you , Robert ? he 's search porter 's expressionless eye . powell no ? ( with a earnest smile ) well , maybe it will come to you . whenever you be ready . I will be wait . he get up , give porter a pat on the shoulder . and take the handle of the wheelchair . push porter on , along the path , through the park . powell Doctor , patient . curious human distinction ... int . ward 2 ~ day we take in the day room . as Maria gaze out a window . and Russell mumble to himself , Bible in hand . and sal and Mrs. archer play a contentious game of fish . powell ( v.0o . ) by he own calculation , he be due again soon . we move on ... into the art room . where Navarro , set a new patient down at some watercolor , pause , respectfully ~ to look at prot' glass , which rest on a pedestal , like a shrine , face the window . powell ( cont 'd ; v.0 . ) the patient in Ward two have no doubt whatsoever , nor some of the staff ... and we look out through that dark glass ... into the dance sunlight ... powell ( v.o . ) as for I ... well ... maybe prot leave I Robert porter . continued 127 . r14 141 0 or or rr +t Fe ref * r14 ) al42 Rev. 07/26/01 ( 2nd cherry ) ( replacement scene ) l27a *. continued : the sunglass lense now filling the screen «+» and the pinpoint of sunlight play like a thousand twinkle star ... powell ( v.0 . ) and a couple of other task . ( alt ) int . ward 2 - art room — day Powell walk , slowly ... toward prot' sunglass , which rest on a pedestal , like 's a shrine , with a " do not disturb , be back soon " sign . they face the window . Powell stare at they for a long beat . then , look around , see no one else be there , he bend down ... to look through they ... and as he do , we see through they ... into the dance sunlight ... the sunglass lense now filling the screen ... and the pinpoint of sunlight play like a thousand twinkle star ... int . grand station and we be back with the out-of - focus crowd of Grand Central Station ... the figure resolve into people , rush here and there ... continued 141 r141 * the et al42 Rev. 07/17/01 ( 2nd buff ) ( replacement scene ) 128 % . al42 continued : al42 and now close on powell , stand with he briefcase , * search for someone in the crowd ... * we hear prot , 0.8 . * prot ( v.0 . ) * Mark ... we kpaxian have be around * long enough to have discover a * little something about the origin of * the Universe that you do not know yet . * * but , I will tell you . Powell move he eye over the nameless face , more intently , * search ... * prot ( v.0o . ; continuing ) * the Universe will expand , then * collapse back on itself -- then expand * again . it will repeat this process * again and again , forever . what you * do not know ... be that ... when the * Universe expands again , everything * will be as it be before . whatever * mistake you make this time around , * you will live through again . over and * over , forever . * a smile seize Powell , as he 's find who he 's search for ... * prot ( v.0 . ; continuing ) * so , my advice to you be to get it * right this time around . because ... * this time ... be all you have . * and we see michael . come out of a gate , duffle bag over he * shoulder . pierce eyebrow . he look around , unsurely . until * he spy he father . he smile , tentative . * they approach each other , through the crowd . stand there , * face each other . Powell initiate a hug , halting at first , * then warm , grip he son around the shoulder . * and as the camera pull back ... they walk off together , * through a shaft of sunlight stream down from one of the * high , station window ... and on ... to the Metro North * gate ... * 142 omitted 142 * fade out : * the end *