Scott Roberts base on screenplay by Patrick meyer first draft screenplay November 1989 fade in we E in the background : a man & woman dance dirty while a hot sax blow a long blue note . voice & laughter over . meanwhile . , . in the foreground : a plain man' wedding ring , suspend on a long double strand of blonde hair , describe a counter ~ clockwise circle in the air above a drink table . the improvise pendulum be hold by a strong man 's hand . and then we hear a strong man' voice : taylor v/o you be lie ! stay on the pendulum , as its motion increase . a woman giggle . taylor v/0 what do I tell you Lisa ? there 's no point lie to I ~ I get a million way of know . taylor 's right hand drop the ring , and then go under the table and into lisa 's lap , where it find and grasp she leave hand . her hand try to escape , but Taylor 's hold it firmly . taylor v/0 you palm 's sweat --- we see lisa for the first time : thirtysomething , long blonde hair , bubbly but not particularly bright ; a goodolook , good - time party girl who have just recently digested the statistic that awoman of she age and background have as much chance of get marry as she have of be kidnap and murder by terrorist . taylor v/o you be blush --~ on cue , lisa blushes . her darker , young , more bewitch friend tracy , who sit on she right , lean across and challenge taylor : tracy back off killer ! I bet you be not exactly twenty ~ one yourself . taylor Close . I be forty - two , taylor be taut , dark and handsome ~ and do not need to lie about he age . the look in he biack , extrovert , adventurer 's eye alternate between pierce / compulsive and faraway / inscrutable . 2 on Taylor 's leave sit harold . younger than he friend , he be also more detach , more intellectual . unable to take so readily what he want from life , harold watch , analysis , weigh before he act . where Taylor 's first impulse be to seize and confront — or to search and destroy - harold 's be to observe and confirm . harold watch tracy as he put back on he wedding ring . despite he marital status , he be severely attract to she . harold can tell that despite , or because of , the confrontation that Taylor have trigger , this two girl have already decide to fuck they . tracy bullshit ! taylor I will take that as a compliment . tracy take it any way you want , lisa what do you guy do anyway ? taylor I ? I be a explorer . tracy in a suit like that ? you be a accountant or a lawyer or some ~ thing . I have see you around . taylor I be a accountant ? feel this . taylor guide lisa 's hand up he right arm to he bicep ... taylor since when do accountant have biceps like that ? huh ? tracy anybody can do weight . taylor I be a explorer = and so be my quiet friend here — kind of . you ever kiss a gynecologist , spiderwoman ? tracy gimme a break ! I see that movie . taylor oh - right ! and you be one of that mutant woman . 3 now tracy , who happen to have unusually large breast , flush . taylor never mind , he 's get just the piece of equipment to deal with you . harold look ~ I be sorry about my friend . he 's the mutant . taylor shut up h and go and sit over there next to --- tracy Tracy . harold be uncomfortable for several reason , and make no move to obey order . after a few moment of inaction ... taylor no ? okay Tracy ~ you go and sit next to harold . go on ! tracy smile ruefully , stand up nevertheless , and while under the table : taylor 's adventurous right hand explore the darkest depth of lisa 's bikini zone ... , tracy very siowly move around behind taylor & lisa until she be stand beside harold . as he stand to she , she sit . they smile obliquely at each other , and he sit again . he be very self - conscious next to she ; Tracy be not only sexy , but she be send out some very complex signal . and how harold would love to have the time to spend decode they ... while beside they , the intrepid taylor already have he tongue deep down lisa be throat , tracy take shy harold left hand , and study he wedding ring . they both wonder where - or if - to start ... ~ , tracy you still in love with you wife ? harold yes , 2_i_int / ext : taylor 's porsche - seattle street : night _ 2 lisa sit up front with taylor , while tracy & harold sit squash together in the cramped rear , chatting and laughing together . lisa this be it . 4 3_i_ext_i tracy & lisa' apartment build : night ooo : 3 taylor pulis up in front of a modern six - story brick apartment build ; everybody get out . tracy & lisa hurry ahead towards the building 's entrance , while taylor & harold fall in behind . harold ( whispering ) you ’1ll have to handle both of they . I be go home . taylor what ? harold ioca not do it . I be not go in there . as they reach the door , taylor & harold hang back ... taylor you can not be serious ! lisa you boy come in or what ? taylor yeah . go on up and do what you gotta do . we will be right with you . what number be it ? tracy sixty-eight . taylor sixty-eight . check . the two girl go through the door , which close behind they . taylor smile until the girl be out of sight ; then he pounce on the hapless harold : taylor what 's the matter with you ? I let you have the best one . that girl be heaven on a stick . harold be already pull away and head home ... harold that 's why I be not go in . taylor ( go after he ) come back here . do not I look after you - on all we adventure together ? harold this be one type of adventure I do not do . you know that . taylor fuck the rule , H. harold fuck the rule ? taylor you gotta take risk in this life . you stop take risk , you be dead . harold I start screwing around , I be dead . a window open on the sixth ( top ) floor , and lisa & tracy lean out of it . tainted Love party music pump out into the night ... lisa what the hell 's go on down there ? taylor cool it ! we be come ! lisa slip back inside , but tracy remain in the window , stare down . harold look up at she ; she wave ( hello ? goodbye ? ) before she too slip back inside the apartment . harold you be come . I be go . Home . taylor man - we have get the sex magick sister begging to fall on we sword — and you be go home ! of harold I x11 call you tomorrow to run through the equipment inventory . taylor shake he head ~ and give up try to persuade harold to compromise himself . he shrug , and turn towards the building . taylor a candy ~ color clown they call the sandman --~ harold be walk away when he look back one last time and see that instead of go in through the front door , taylor be about to try to climb up the outside of the building ! 6 taylor look straight up the sheer brick facade to the girl 's window : the window frame be almost flush , and neither be there any pipe or other feature on which to get a obvious purchase ; the only possibility for a solo ascent be that the point on the brickwork be recess . taylor reach up , sink he finger - tip into a crack at the extent of he reach , and use the hard edge of he shoe sole , begin to haul he way up . back on the sidewalk harold , stiil watch as taylor have make it past the half - way mark , be approach by a plump , sweaty jogger out on a midnight run . see harold stare upwards , the jogger pause to see what he 's look at - and stop in he track . jogger what 's that guy do ? harold he 's feed the rat . jogger he 's doin 's what ?!? just then taylor be foot slip as he pass a window , and he accidentally kick the glass . he be already on he way above the window when the curtain fly back , and the window open . taylor's Pov : below he , a old lady stick she head out , look around without look up , and be about to close the window when : taylor v/o boo ! the old lady 's head jerk around and up - and she scream ! harold Pov : as several other window OPEN , include that of a belligerent middle - aged man on the floor below the girl ' window . _ tony - hey spiderman ! what 's the big fuck idea ? taylor just visit some friend . tony why do not you just jump back down there and go through the front door like everybody else ? taylor jump ? down there ? tony you hear I . taylor fuck you man . that 's a fifty foot drop . ' tony yeah well maybe you shoulda think of that before you climb up here . the craze tony disappear momentarily ... jogger that guy a friend of yours ? harold nod he head distractedly ... jogger he ever do this kind of thing before ? tony reappear at the window - now tote a major handgun . tony now - you want to jump like a good boy , or you want I to blow you fuck head off ? taylor ( shout ) lisa !! tracy !! harold ( nodding ) every Friday night . lisa & tracy 's window fly open , and a bewilder tracy stick she head out . taylor meantime continue to climb up towards she . tracy Taylor ! what the --- ? tony you know this guy ? taylor I be she accountant . one , two , buckle my shoe --— tracy it 's okay tony . taylor Three , four , open the door ! as taylor pass he on he way up , tony pull he head in and slam he window , muttering : tony crazy fuck girl ! now lisa , who have change into a sexy dress gown , be at the window too , and together she and tracy haul taylor through into they apartment . harold & the jogger continue to watch as taylor pull both girl to he , before wave harold goodbye - and shutting the curtain . jogger what 's he do on Saturday night ? as harold chuckle enigmatically -=+ fade to black ~~~ then harold laughter seques into the sound of a baby crying ~ — ~ early one workday morning , harold sit distractedly on a sofa hold he crying one year - old son eric , who have distinctly asian feature . summon from the bathroom by the sound of she baby 's distress , harold 's wife cindy bustles into the modestly ~ furnish room . cindy ~ a feisty and wildly - attractive japanese american nurse — jaimie Lee curtis in a kimono — snatch eric up to comfort he . float she finger in harold 's face : cindy hello ! anyone home ? harold huh ? cindy baby 's cry , daddy . harold sorry . I be think . cindy I do not understand how you can sit there , with you son scream right in you ear , and not even notice ? harold I say sorry --- cindy do not apologize to I , harold I be sorry Eric . cindy what be there so goddamm important to think about ? harold I have a flash about my work , okay ? I just realize something incredibly obvious that I have miss and ~~- cindy Eric and I have be wait about a year for you to have a flash about the joy of parenthood . pick up on the continue tension , eric be still ery ... harold do not start this Cindy . cindy we get one hour a day of you valuable time , professor - if we be lucky . I be only ask you ~ for one hour a day — to think about US . harold Cindy ? cindy yes ? harold my trip 's be bring forward by a week . that ~ mean I x11 be go the weekend after next . eric be quieter now ; cindy & harold stare at each other for a long , pregnant moment ... cindy okay harold --~ 1 want to make a deal with you . you can be a fuck - up as a father for ten more day , but when you get back from this trip , I want you to promise to concentrate on we - the three of we — for ~~- for six month . okay ? 10 harold okay ~- Cindy ~- fine -~ cindy for six month you be gonna be here now , right ? no goof off , no trip , no — - — harold but Cindy I have --- cindy promise I harold . I be serious ! unless we can start act like a family , I be gonna have to --~ harold okay , okay I promise . cindy you get you finger cross ? harold my toe . cindy come over and kiss he and then , when she 's lull he into a sense of false security , she slip eric back onto he lap . cindy Fine . now hold Eric for five more minute 's till I be ready . 6_ : int : taylor's seattle law office : day 18 cu : taylor - strapped into a nautilus machine - pour sweat as he push he body to its considerable limit . it be only when he new p/ a pam knock and enter the room that we realize the machine be set up in a corner of Taylor 's office - which command a stun - view of puget SOUND . pam be a pert , pretty puritan ; she immaculately coiff hair hang just low enough to brush the string of pearl that glow against she cashmere sweater . Pam be not Taylor 's type - and for just this reason a major challenge . pam oh ! I be sorry --- slow he pace without altogether stop : taylor no problem . come in . pam I wonder what that thing be . li taylor tone the tit up a treat . you wanna try it ? pam ( pursing her lip ) Mr glicker call . he will be here in fifteen minute . taylor have we get he swear state - ment yet ? pam ( checking a file ) yes - it 's here . taylor what about he so nas ? pam that 's what he want to talk to you about . taylor nod and increase he tempo again , aware that pam be stare at he , both repell and ~ despite herself - somehow attract . beauty and the Beast ... then pam snap out of she little fairy tale moment and turn to leave ... taylor Pam ? pam uh huh ? taylor dinner tonight . pam what about it ? taylor have it with I . pam no ! taylor oh come on ! pam I be --- I already have a date . taylor break it . overtime . 12 pam look , Mr tarantino --- taylor Taylor ! pam thanks - Mr tarantino = but T never shit where I eat . taylor clenches at this cliched defence , and jump up two gear . as pam be turn on she heel , taylor be pump to the max taylor I be not aware - Ms. Perkins - that you shat at all . taylor watch pam 's perfect posterior exite he office , and then the phone ring . he whacks a button with he knee and , without break rhythm , bark into the speakerphone : taylor yeah ! arold 's research lab : day 0 a ecu : the pupil of a eye , rapidly open and close . a wider shot reveal it to be a turtle 's eyeball and optic nerve , lie in a petri dish , wire run to it . beside it , harold sit at a electron microscope , a keyboard in he lap and a vdu on he leave . stare into the eyepiece and muttering to himself : harold as be indeed expect --~ he punch some data into the computer , and while he wait for the correlate information to come up on the vdu screen , he hear a voice in the corridor : sherman v/0o Calling Dr spike ! Calling Dr spike ! sherman , another researcher who resemble a short " portnoy " , stick he head around harold 's door : sherman Dr spike ! emergency ego ~ - otomy in the courtyard . harold hasselbad mouth off again ? 13 sherman you get it . harold just one more minute here -~- harold continue to work ; sherman enter the room properly and come to look over he shoulder at what he be do ... sherman it think you be through fuckin’ with turtles 's eye ? harold trenton announce he will not put my new grant proposal forward until I document verification on everything I have do . sherman but -= you be not some ditzoid postgrad . that 's gotta be ~~~ harold buuuuullsssssshit ! I know , but trenton say it 's tight right now . sherman it be tight ~ tight an’ juicy for old trenton ! harold what do you mean ? and then , the phone ring - and harold pick it up . he cradle the receiver between chin and shoulder and continue work . harold yeah ? CUT between : harold continue to stimulate the turtle 's eyeball , and taylor still strain for pectoral perfection in he office : taylor this be you leader . harold listen with interest to taylor 's labored breathing , give sherman a listen too . harold where the hell be you ? taylor in my office . 14 harold we all know you be Mr Animal magnetism Taylor , but do you have to call I while you be screwing you secretary ? taylor Nah ! she 's more you type H. harold I can guess . what be you do ? taylor I be check up on you . you do you workout yet ? another researcher now stick he head around the door and shout dave hey c'mon you guy ! they 's 11 ! win by a default . harold I be just on my way to do it . sherman we be come . taylor I need you fit boy . harold yeah ~ yeah . I be fit . ( he hang up , & sigh ) fit enough anyway . cheerleader sherman be already lead the way out of the lab ... sherman make way for Dr spike ! dave have come up behind harold , and tweak he nipple playfully . dave guess who 's captain of the other team ? sherman spring into the air and pop a volley ball off he fingertip - make the perfect set - up for harold , who leap even higher and hammer the ball over the net for a point . while harold & sherman do a bit of victory hand jive , other scientist sit at lunch table dot around the grassy courtyard . 15 as the game continue , harold find himself across the net from the oppose captain : a strike , statuesque redhead whose leg go all the way to heaven . there be a attraction between they which she flirtatiousness foster . apart from anything else , this scene establish harold as a believable athlete ; the dialogue be pursue in breathless snatch as the game continue , punctuate by order bark by tall , blonde , vain captain hasselbad : harold miss mammogram be look healthy this day . sherman must be all the exercise she 's get . harold what ? what do you know ? sherman same as everybody else - except you , I guess . harold can not you ever just come straight out with it ? sherman just watch out for the politics , boy . harold I do not want " deep " here sherman . I just want to know who she 's humpin’ . sherman trenton , fool -~— trenton . harold a no shit ?!? the old bugger ! ! sherman no shit - and trenton only have so many grant to go around . harold but ~-- trenton 's head of research ! he would never compromise he professional integrity just to score a little nookie . sherman like I keep tellin’ ya jamison , you be totally beautiful . 16 harold you mean dumb , do not you ? sherman lesser despot than trenton have go to great , great length to possess the charm of a perfect 10 . you be vulnerable harold . watch you back ! miss mammogram leap high and thrashes one past harold for a big point . her wide , white laugh swallow harold 's hope whole . harold smile with a new kind of fearful respect at she . and if she know she be be talk about , she revel in it . very late that night , a exhaust harold tiptoe into he bedroom , dump he bulg briefcase on the floor , and start to strip off he clothes . just then , eric start to cry in the next room , and cindy stir harold it 's okay - I get he cind . cindy ohhh -~ thanks darlin’ . as cindy roll over and sink back into slumber , harold smile wearily and go through to Eric 's room next door 1u_i_int : eric 's bedroom : night 00 0000 0 harold gently lift eric out of he cot and take he on he knee on a rock chair . eric immediately quieten as he father begin to tell he a story : harold once upon a time , there be a great castle that -~ uh -- rise up like -- like a mighty white tower above the land . you hear this one ? I neither . so anyway , this tower be a inspiration to all the creature -- a symbol of ---- of what it feel like when you can just jump past all the bullshit that get dumped on you in this life ! you know what I be say Eric ? taylor & harold , dress in state~of - the~art climb gear , stand on a short narrow ledge ; a big , almost sheer rock wall stretch up and away to they leave , below and beyond which be a awesome vista of glacier and distant peak . they organize they rope ; taylor be go to lead on this pitch . harold remember ~ two piton or less to take the record . taylor I tell ya h - this be now a zero piton wall . I be gonna dyno the whole pitch , which will make it forever mine . harold what I love about you be you be too dumb to let reality stand in the way of success . taylor ( seeing something ) gimme you glass . harold hand he binoculars , and taylor look up to where at the furthest extent of its upward sweep , the wall curve out to form a dramatic overhang , under which six brightly ~ dressed climber hang in nightslings , which sway slightly in the wind , taylor ( handing back the glass ) you believe this ? harold what be they do ? ~ taylor must be some kind of ninja cult . ready ? harold nod , and taylor unsnap himself and move out onto the face . like a spider , he arm and leg stretch at bizarre angle , digging he finger into small crack , grip the tiniest protrusion , he move slowly out and up across the big wall . several time he have to " dyno " — leap off the wall to grab another hold farther up - hang by one hand until he can find point of purchase for he other hand and for he foot . while harold wait on the ledge , maintain a rather academic belay , taylor climb steadily up towards the watch climber , whose face be smear with zine oxide . 18 closest to Taylor be japanese - american takane shimuzu , he broad samurai face burnt black . next to he be phillip clayborn , the oldest member and leader of the party . and beside he , the four other : the blue- blooded dallas woolf , doughty jack metcalfe , and finally the twin brother and youngest member mike & todd wilson . they ail sit hold steaming tin mug , while next to takane a polished metal orb , like some futuristic kitchen device , seem to be grow right out of the wall . this too be steaming . takane hi. taylor ( taking it all in ) hi. takane coffee ? taylor oh ? I figure sake . at this point clayborn remove he giare goggle , and smile . clayborn hello tarantino . Nice move . taylor clayborn ! ceyeing the orb ) well I always figure if someone be gonna invent the personal nuclear reactor , it be gonna have to be you . taylor have by now move across and below the six hang climber to the end of the pitch , which be a narrow vertical crack that run fifty foot up to the next area of horizontal purchase . while clayborn do the introduction , taylor deftly climb the crack until he be at the same height as the other climber , and only ten or fifteen foot along from they . while he then prepare to drive in a chokstone in order to belay harold for he move across the face , takane pass a strange - look hi-tech piton along the line to todd , who toss it to taylor . taylor what 's this ? clayborn we be testing some new equipment . takane it 's a gas power , self - drive piton . save a lot of energy at high altitude . 19 taylor ( examining it ) I hate to tell you , but we be only ten thousand foot here . clayborn like I say ~ this be just a test run . taylor shrug , position the piton , and pull the grenade~like ring . there be a explosion of dust , and the piton drive itself solidly home into the rock . taylor nod , impressed , and clip the rope link he to harold onto the piton . he tug it twice asa signal , then take the tension for he climb partner . far below : harold set out on he upward traverse . taylor test run for what ? clayborn I would rather not say - until we have get the permission . takane you go to the top ? taylor yeah well we get a little rehearsal go ourselves here . we be come back in a month to shoot for the record on mckinley . dallas the summit speed record ? taylor nod nonchalantly , as he pay attention to harold 's progress ... clayborn . you think you can beat three and a half day ?!? who else you take ? dallas superman ? taylor just harold and I --— the six climber look at each other doubtfully ... taylor ~~ plus a couple of we favorite hooker . 20 everyone laugh - except the aloof , patrician dallas , who seem to have conceive a immediate & violent antipathy to Taylor . dallas harold who ? taylor harold jamison . dallas never hear of he . taylor here he come - we can ask he he 's ever hear of you . takane you go on up tonight ? taylor ( check he watch ) Nah ~ think we will save it for tomorrow . clayborn we be go to make camp just above we here . perhaps you have like to join we for the night ? taylor watch harold make good progress below he ... taylor why not ? what time do you chopper in the sushi ? at this moment harold , who be almost directly below taylor now , try one last dyno - and miss he mark . Taylor 's efficient belay mean that he merely swing across the vertical in a harm - less arc until he can find enough purchase to stop he momentum . taylor notice that dallas snort derisively at this mistake . 12_3:_ext_ : moose 's tooth base camp : late afternoon : 12 the EIGHT climber make they way around a bluff on the ice ledge above the rock wall . the top of the mountain , cover in deep snow , tower steeply right above they . as they round the bluff , they come to a narrow , acceptably - level area on the steep ice and snow slope . clayborn this be about the angle of ice they need to function on . takane right . 21 the six man expedition immediately drop they pack and begin to strip out two tent - one large , one small ~- which they clearly intend to pitch just here . taylor & harold look up at the mountain ~ and then at each other . harold er --~ taylor you guy be not stop here be you ? dallas I be stop here , clayborn we need to test this tent on some steep ice . taylor I hear you - but this be really a col we be in here . some irritate look be exchange ... dallas catch I ~ I think I be gonna faint . clayborn ( helping with a tent ) it 's almost July . I be sure everything that 's gonna come down have already do it . jack see all that choppy formation ? there be a avalanche here just a week or two ago - party 's already over . harold yeah but ~~~ we hear they have pretty heavy snow here this year . there be a uncomfortable silence , during which dallas pointedly continue he work on one of the tent ... taylor I think harold 's just suggest we get out of a slide area . the short - fuse dallas instantly surrender to a sudden and irrational rage : 22 dallas listen , why do not you two just go down past that ridge on the right and make you camp there ? we will see you in the morning . how 's that sound ? taylor & harold look at each other for a long moment ... harold yeah ~ that 's probably the best idea . see you in the morning . taylor " course if you guy decide to go for a real early start , do not forget to give we a shout . dallas howl like a wolf , the other mutter '' goodnight '' ~- and clayborn make a littie conciliatory hand signal . as taylor & harold turn and trudge away ... harold Old friend ? taylor ( shaking he head ) New enemy . one of my particular talent . harold what about clayborn ? taylor Real estate tycoon . he 's the Donald trump of the North West . harold you climb with he ? taylor ( shaking he head again ) we have do some work for he ~~~ I see he in the Club in Seattle sometimes . harold seem like a nice guy . taylor Nice ? how many billionaire do you know h ? as they lie back in 23 they sleeping bag , the gas lamp still burn , listen to the big country silence around they : taylor ready for a big one tomorrow ? harold yeah - I be feel real good . taylor you will feel even better when we have knock off mckinley . then you will be ready for you first eight - thousander , harold er ~-~ Taylor ? taylor y-e-e-e-s ? harold I get a little problem about this mckinley trip . taylor oh lemme guess . it 's about 5 'o " , straight black hair --— - harold I be work too hard , see , and I promise she — she make I promise she ~ that I have --- taylor I only need to borrow you for ten day for chrissake ! harold I really do not think I can make another trip this year . taylor I will go taik to she . harold that will only make it worse . taylor ( he ' old man 's voice ) remember that conversation we use to have in the olden day ~ about the Way of the warrior ? 24 harold the Way of the warrior - lemme tell you o innocent one - do not stand a chance against the Way of the wife , as taylor laugh , we hear outside a large snowslide whoomping down somewhere not a million mile away ... taylor wanna have a little side bet on some serious white dump on that fucker tonight ? harold pass . sound karmically uncool , taylor bullshit . we give they a shot at sanity . they blow it . harold freeze for a moment , as though listen to a inner voice . then , he suddenly start get out of he sleep bag and find he clothes ... taylor where be you go ? harold Little walk . go to sleep . taylor let 's see now --- High altitude euphoria ? no. protein deficiency ? I do not think so . not yet . hereditary insanity ? harold 7 just -- go to sleep , okay ? harold drag on he overclothe and leave the tent ... harold pick up a long coil of rope , tie one end securely toa loop on they tent , and head back up the stark , moonlit ridge towards the other tent , pay out rope as he go ... the first tent he reach be the large one ; the light be off , but there be still muffle voice come from inside . very quietly , harold knot the end of he rope through a tie loop on the tent . 25 then harold look across towards the smaller tent , in which a light still burn . he wonder what to do , since he only bring one length of rope . he approach the tent , and see a coil of rope rest against the front flap . very gently he reach down and begin to ease the rope away from the tent ... when suddenly the tent flap unzip and whip back , and harold be eyeball to eyeball with the suspicious todd wilson . todd you ! what the fuck be you do ? harold I be --~ I be go to -~~ attach you tent to the big one . see , I =- — now mike be stare out at harold too ; both twin clearly think they visitor be completely crack . mike do clayborn put you up to this ? harold no . the twins look at each other , todd snatch the coil of rope out of harold 's hand , and zip the tent back up in he face ... harold I be just worried -- about a avalanche . todd v/o sure you be . ' night dad . the light in the twin 's tent go out and harold , now feel a complete fool , shrug and head slowly back to he tent ... 15_ : ext : moose 's tooth skyscape_ 13_3_ext . dawn __ es High above the mountain , in the brilliant early sky , a military jet fighter crash the sound barrier . moment later , we hear the sonic boom and a second after that , a section of the summit snow cap break away , and start a avalanche ... a rumbling echo in the distance , as the avaianche gain momentum . the avalanche sweep down , bury clayborn 's two tent , and sweeping they further down the mountain towards the precipice above the rock wall . the rope link the two tent snap taut . 27 now cave 2 day 20 twenty minute later : harold & taylor have tunnelle a number of yard into the mound of snow when they come to the first sight of the big tent . harold clear away more snow with he hand , then use he ice axe to rip a hole in the tent which , incredibly , have retain some of its structure . inside the tent : we see a jumble of body . harold grab the nearest head ~ takane 's , whose eye register shock ~ and relief . harold hey ! takane hey . thanks . God --~- harold shine a penlight into the pile of body ... harold everybody else okay ? after weak acknowledgments , harold & taylor help all four men struggle out of the tent and down the tunnel towards the light . 21_:_ ext + moqse 's tooth : day _ i221 the four rescue climber stand beyond the avalanche site exercise life back into cramped limb . clayborn in he shock be grasp a piece of he hi-tech equipment as a kind of talisman . clayborn how do you find we ? taylor pick up the rope , which lead from he and harold 's tent into the snow cave , clayborn ~ you idea ? taylor harold 's , clayborn what about the other tent ? ( taylor shake he head ) we better start digging ! Mark ! Jack ! meanwhile harold be stand on the edge of the precipice , look down the thousand foot drop to the glacier below . harold hey ! look ! 28 harold Pov : some of the avalanche have go over the edge and dash itself to powder on the moraine at the foot of the rock wall , just visible amidst the windblown debris be a flutter rag of the bright red fabric that be the twin 's tent . harold turn away from the edge , distraught , just as taylor & clayborn rush up to look over for themselves . while clayborn throw the useless piece of equipment over the edge ... taylor go to comfort harold , who be close to tear . in the lounge of the alpine club , with its atmosphere of the tradition of pioneer in this prime wilderness region of the USA , photograph of intrepid climber line the wood - panell wall . in the doorway , we see two grizzle summit veteran greet each other with some arcane , private~ joke hand signal ; then they immediately fall to reminisc about some high altitude epic . meanwhile taylor sit with clayborn over a drink . while the older man look very business - like in he rather severe suit , taylor dress as usual more flamboyantly . taylor I guess it leave kind of a hole in you team . clayborn deflect this challenge with he best poker face . taylor get anyone in mind to fill it ? clayborn you be volunteering , huh ? taylor depend on where you be go . clayborn could be just about anywhere . taylor '' wait for permission " mean the himalayas . clayborn not necessarily . we might be go ski trekk in the ural . taylor oh come on clayborn , it 's one of the big one . you would not be in it otherwise . clayborn gaze 29g noncommittally out the window at one of he mirror - glass scraper that tower above they ... clayborn I never talk about a deal until it 's sign . taylor be it everest ? ( no reaction ) the karakoram ? clayborn ( taylor be very warm ) what concern be it of yours ? taylor I be the best climber I know who 's never be over 8000m . clayborn so what 's stop you ? taylor the big one take time . I have never give myself that time , but I be not get any young here , and this just seem right . clayborn you have not tell I why I should take you and ~-- and you friend ? taylor his name 's harold jamison , and he save you life goddammit ! clayborn that 's not a reason to take he . or you . taylor I have climb with harold fifteen year . we be good together , and we be hungry . you need two guy . why not take we ? clayborn maybe I just do not like have my decision make for I ? taylor when be you leave ? clayborn Three week . 30 : taylor for how long ? clayborn for as long as it take , taylor maybe this decision be make itself ? who else be on the list ? clayborn ( beat ) what 's you problem with Dallas woolf ? taylor ask he what 's he with I ! clayborn I already do . I just do not need to be responsible for the first murder at 28000 foot . taylor it 's k2 , be not it ?! touche ! clayborn try to brazen it out , but now taylor know this be the destination . taylor be not it ? tt clayborn I 'il put it to the other member of the team . taylor it 's you team , you can make the decision right here . clayborn ( stand ) the only decision I be prepare to make right here be " no " , taylor finally drop he case for a instant verdict , and stand . taylor I want to climb k2 more than anything in the world . it 's be my dream for ever . Phillip . clayborn mine too . Taylor . ( shaking hand ) I ?ll cail you . 31 ry while he young assistant WALKER shuffles papers , taylor pace around the glicker , senior & junior , who sit at a cheap table in a small bare room with a glass door panel - through which we see court official , lawyer , witness ete bustling about outside . r_in seatile courthouse : day : 23 a angry taylor wave a piece of paper in the air as the two frighten man shift awkwardly in they seat . this would ~be mafiosi have the air of over - ambitious loser who have be burn at both end in some sordid underworld embroglio . taylor how come this be the first I know about this ? ( snr glare at jnr ) what have I say when you jerk - off snuff - junky begge I to take the case ? huh ? I say " you gotta tell I everything " . do I say that ? tell I I do not say that . glicker snr just get we a deal , we will plead to conspiracy if they drop the first degree . taylor how dumb be you ? this be proof you have the guy offed . glicker jnr that be just like -~ a joke ! taylor you be not wrong . since when do take out a contract on a guy mean write it down and fuck signing it ? glicker jinr the guy be gonna kill we for chrissake ! glicker snr just tell we what we gotta do to get off the hook here . taylor commit suicide . glicker snr I be pay you some tough bread smartass . now get we out of this ! 32 taylor how ?!? you want I to bribe the judge , be that it ? glicker snr all right ! how much would it cost ? taylor look nat WALKER , smile , shake he head , and spin the piece of paper onto the table in front of the sweat hood . taylor you be go down glicker . glicker snr what ? !? just now , a portable phone ring ; WALKER answer it , then hand it to taylor , who listen , he smile broaden ... taylor ~~-- thanks Phillip . thanks ! taylor excitedly hand the phone back to WALKER and gesture to he that they be out of there . WALKER shrug and start stuff papers back into a briefcase . . glicker snr hey ! I be talk to you . taylor not any more you be not , glicker snr what the hell 's the problem ? i’1l pop for the judge - what - ~ ever it take , you know ~~--— taylor Goodbye glicker . glicker snr where you goin 's ? someone offer you more money , be that it ? so tell I ~ how much you need ? ten ? --- twenty ? taylor & WALKER be half - way out the door now , the irate older glicker follow they into the corridor ... taylor the amount of money you would need to keep I in this room , I have not hear about . out in the corridor now , watch by court visitors , the desperate glicker grab taylor by the throat . 33 glicker snr you be my attorney goddammit ! you can not dump I in it like this ! you crazy ? taylor impassively look down at glicker 's hand around he throat ~ then glance up at a concerned police officer come down the corridor towards he . officer okay Taylor ? taylor take this boy to Court four will you barney ? excitement seem to be get to he . barney grab glicker snr and start to haul he off down the corridor . glicker scream after the depart taylor : glicker snr I '1l find you , you fuck ! i’11 find you and I will feed you to my fuck pit bull ! glicker be try to pull away from barney , who be now help by two other cop in try to subdue the craze gangster --- while taylor make he exit . harold be bent over he electron microscope as taylor burst into the lab ... taylor shove that crap in the freezer h , we be on ! -- harold on for what ? taylor clayborn want we on the bus — ~= to k2 ! harold Jesus Christ ! taylor he just call . we be leave in two week . harold what do you mean " we " ? 34 harold be on he foot now , pace taylor around the room . taylor I mean we ~ you and I - be go to knock off the toughest fuck mountain in the world . harold but -~- what do you tell he ? ioca not leave in two week . taylor you can do anything you want to do H. harold my grant review 's on the twenty - third . I have get to be here then . taylor get it put forward , harold it do not work like that . taylor make it work like that . harold you do not know what you be talk about . taylor I know that we have be talk about the big one for fifteen year . here it be ~ on a plate . harold you ’1ll have to go without I . , taylor he need two guy to make up the team . I sell he on we ~ you and I ~ as a unit , harold you do not even ask I ! taylor I do not want to talk about it until it be definite . harold ( beat ) find someone else . 35 taylor no way . you do not go , I do not go . and that 's not happen . harold you be not listen to I Taylor . I can not go . taylor I be get a lot of " can not " from you recently . you be let the bullshit get on top of you . harold my wife , and my kid , and my job be not bullshit - and I do not intend to blow any of they . taylor ( turning on he heel ) let 's deal with the job first . harold where be you go ? taylor to see what 's he name ? trenton . harold Taylor ! taylor I will do a deal with you H. you get the grant , we will forget the mountain . you do not get the grant , we will forget the " can not " . okay ? harold Jesus ! you be make it sound a like a party game . it 's not — ~ just as the exasperate harold be chase taylor out of the room , sherman enter , look for he colleague ... sherman who 's this guy ? harold my bete noir . taylor I be the best fuck friend you ever have , h , and one day I be go to hear it from you . 36 252 int : outside trenton 's office : day 00000 : 25 taylor be about to barge straight through trenton 's door ~ which also have a glass panel in it ~ when harold grab he arm . harold wait ! look ! in trentone office : trenton sit at he desk while we favorite femme fatale lay out a series of large format magnetic resonance image - high -definition color x- ray - on a lightbox . taylor ( whispering ) who be that ?!? harold miss mammogram ! I tell you -= taylor she 's look for a grant ? how much do she need ? I will give it to she . harold everybody want to give it to she . then , before harold can restrain taylor , he knock on trenton 's door , and enter the office , harold follow he in a attempt at damage limitation . trenton & the redhead look up in surprise . trenton harold ! what ~~? who be this ? taylor Taylor tarantino . I be harold 's attorney . harold _ Taylor ! trenton yes ? taylor sorry to barge in Professor . my idea . we need a answer on harold 's grant . trenton look dagger at harold , then : trenton will you excuse we ms kurstow ? this will not take a minute . 37 the redhead smile and leave the room , taylor be eye follow she . when she have go : trenton now what the hell be this all about ? taylor I need harold 's participation in something very important on the twenty - third . I figure you have already decide about he grant so --~ be he go to get it or not ? trenton how do you get past my secretary ? taylor same way I get past all bullshit : I jump over it . now come on - we be talk about harold 's future here . what 's it go to be ? trenton be stand now , he pick up a copy of harold 's thesis ; cu : harold 's name on the cover - flick through it , and dump it wistfully back on the desk . now taylor pick it up and examine it ... trenton this be a good piece of work harold . a very good piece of work . better than the study that clinch my professorship I should say --- what we call '' pure research " Mr tarantino . taylor look at harold significantly . trenton - but that be twenty year ago . when there be such a thing as a free lunch in this dump . now trenton be handle some of the redhead 's m.r. image ... trenton this magnetic resonance image of ms kurstow 's be example of apply research . the university be negotiate a R and D contract for this technology with --~ a large company , worth up to a hundred million dollar to we over the next ten year . 38 harold so the answer 's no . trenton very reluctantly . I have no choice harold . harold but without " pure " research , you have get nothing to apply . trenton this be a smal ! faculty . we be not well endow . we have to be realistic . harold I call it short - sighted . you want I to do a appendix on future application of my work ? trenton you come in here demand a immediate answer . you have get it . ( into intercom ) ms kurstow may come back in now . ( to harold : ) you be one of the best research scientist I know harold . i’1l give you all the help I can to find another posting . I be sorry . ms kurstow reenter the office . she smile at harold with a sad , serene inevitability ~ like a scientist look at a beautiful - but -doom dinosaur . she offer hima '' no hard feeling " hand - shake , but taylor grab harold be arm and pull he to the door . taylor come on h ~ we be out of here . thanks trenton . 26_1_int / ext : seattle street : evening to 26 through the windscreen of taylor's porsche : we see taylor & harold talk mute as they drive down quiet suburban street , past men water lawn after work , kide play basketball against garage door , women cooking dinner in brightly - light kitchen with the tv on for company . then : harold it 's a matter of perception . taylor it 's a matter of evolution . 39 as they enter harold STREET ... taylor look out here --~ you see people happy at home with they family --~ I see people who have give up fight for existence . that 's what I call live dangerously . 27:_int / ext : taylor's porsche outside harold 's house : evening : 27 as taylor pull up outside harold 's house : taylor you want I to come in ? harold look at the light window of he home harold one thing I be still capable of be do my own talk . thank you . taylor so I can call clayborn ? harold ( beat ) yeah . call he . taylor you sure you do not want I to wait ? til you have talk it over . harold get out of here . they do they blood brother handshake , harold get out of the car and tread heavily up the path to he front door ... 28 int : harold & cindy 's live room : night 328 harold enter the live room , to see a delighted eric erawle quickly across the floor towards he , and cindy , still in she uniform , just beginning to prepare dinner . harold hi Eric . hi cind . he pick eric up , and then go to kiss cindy . she seem relaxed , happy , and very pleased to see he . cindy hello darling . good day ? 40 harold er -- fine . you start on something there ? I think we might go out for dinner . cindy oh! really ? sure - that have be neat . I '11 go change . harold can I watch ? cindy wink at he and lead the way into they bedroom cindy , wear only bra and panty , stand make herself up in the big mirror that face the foot of they double bed , on which she can see harold play rough and tumble with eric . cindy where we gonna go ? harold you choice . cindy how about the vietnamese ? they be great with Eric . harold vietnamese . Fine . cindy have just start apply she lipstick when she happen to glance at she husband , and there be something about the wistful expression on he face as he play with he son that stop she in mid~stroke . cindy what be it h? harold huh ? cindy something 's wrong . harold nothing 's wrong . cindy pause another moment , before go back to she makeup . 41 lsd much later that night : harold & cindy be lie naked under a sheet in the dark when eric make a small noise from he cot in the adjoin room . cindy be asleep , but harold be wide awake and be about to get out of bed when eric quieten again . harold lie on he back with he eye open now , clearly tense . he turn away from cindy onto he side , and be about to slip out of bed when cindy stir ... cindy what be it h ? harold can not sleep . cindy why not ? harold dunno . cindy yes you do . harold I be just go to get a drink of water . cindy ( pulling he back ) tell I what 's the matter first . you have be weird all evening . harold look I just want to --— cindy tell I ! ~ harold ( beat ) I make you a promise cind . ( two beat ) I want to break it . cindy another mountain ! harold uh huh . cindy but you say six month . you promise ! you have not be home six day ! 42 harold thing have change . everything 's different , cindy like what ? be I different ? harold no. cindy you do not love I anymore ? harold no ~~ yes ! of course I still love you . cindy you in love with somebody else ? harold no! cindy well what then ?!? harold we have be ask to go to k2 . cindy so? harold it 's the chance of a lifetime . cindy the chance of a lifetime to get yourself kill ! cindy be out of bed now , raging naked around the room in the near - darkness . beside the bed on harold 's side be a bookshelf , on which be a number of book , mostly about mountain climb . she grab several of they up , crack they open , rip page out ... cindy I have look at this book H. '' Savage Mountain " -- " killer Mountain " -~ half the people who go to k2 do not come back ! harold k2 's not --- guy get kill on all kind of mountain . cindy but why do you want to die ? 43 harold I do not want to die . cindy then why the hell do you do it ? harold I do it to feel alive ! cindy thanks very much ! harold Cindy shut up and listen ! cindy you want to blow five year of work ~- you grant -- just so 's the italian stallion can use you as he stooge again -~ the grain of truth in this sting harold hard , and he bang he raging woman against the wall , stun she momentarily . harold I be not he stooge ! I be do this mountain for I ! cindy me-me~me -—me --me~me~me -—me-me -me ! harold Cindy I lose the fuck grant ! cindy what ? !? harold I lose my grant . it will not be renew . finito . as of two ~ week time , I be out of there . cindy well thanks for tell I . she slap he very hard across the face . still feel guilty for have pound she , harold want the punishment . harold everything 's fall apart . and now this have come up --~ cindy ( slapping he again ) and now this have come up ! how inconvenient , huh ? 44 now it be harold 's turn to lose all control and rage around the room , throw and smash thing ... harold you or the mountain , be that it ? cindy I or the mountain . harold well I be go to have both ! cindy we will not be here when you get back ! if you get back . harold then I x11 come and find you , wherever you be , and we will start all over , and know how to do it right . cindy no ! harold yes ! yes ! yes ! yes ! yes ! cindy be scream ; harold chase she round the room and grab she ; she kick and struggle ; he force she onto the bed ; first they fight , then they fuck . in the next room : eric listen to the new sound with interest . cu : eric 's little face through the back - window of he parent 's car as he watch : eric 's Pov : the line of men 's face lining the curve departure ramp as the car be about to pull away . beside he father be taylor . his mother , who be drive the car , stare at taylor as she start the car ; a look that say something pass between this two people once that have nothing to do with harold . as the car pull away , harold watch eric ’'s uncomprehend face vanish ... cu : harold 's face reflect on the inside of a plane window as he look out at the high altitude cloud ... 45 harold look back across the aisle : takane lie back listen to a dwight yokum tape on he walkman . beside he , jack metcalfe painstakingly check through list of expedition equipment . in the window seat in front of jack sit clayborn in he half - frame glass , read some weighty historical tome , which he annotate with a expensive propelling pencil . a little further forward , taylor stand in the aisle chat up jodi the stewardess ; he already have she giggling ... taylor really -- the point of all this be for the six of we to join the five mile high club . ( jodi giggle again ) you a member ? jodi no! taylor come on — you can tell I . jodi I do . I be not . taylor well -- wanna do something about it ? now jodi be a brave girl , but not that brave . jodie you be too much , you know ? taylor no - come on ! this be first class , be not it ? help I out here . clayborn be watch now , thin lipped , when dallas come back down the ais Te from the toilet and see the repulsively rampant taylor on the make . a disapprove iook immediately cloud he face , and as he pass taylor , he purposely bump he hard . dallas sorry if we mascot be give you a hard time , miss . jodi no problem . dallas he get altitude sickness , see , and he just can not help himself . 46 while taylor mime vomit over dallas , and the two man relapse into a angry standoff , jodi take the chance to slip away . clayborn Dallas ! taylor thanks buddy ~- owe you one . dallas do not mention it . as dallas go to slip back into he seat beside clayborn , taylor pass behind he , and knock he so hard that he fall clumsily across they leader , who drop he book on the floor . clayborn will you two knock it off ? taylor turn and make a flamboyantly innocent '' who I ? " gesture before collapse in the aisle seat beside harold . harold I think you be already a member ? taylor you get addict , you know . =_skardu , northern pakistan : day oo : 33 the ton and ton of equipment be laid out in brightly ~ color pile in front of the billboard~ sign " k2 motel '' . while some of the expedition team member work at pack the mountain of gear into porter-size load , and jack direct a group of pakistanis who load a number of finish pack onto four heavily - decorate truck , clayborn count out sackful of low - denomination . rupee note . around they , crowd of curious pakistanis mill , the woman in bright saris . harold hand out handfuls of biro to the gaggle of shrieking , filthy child . we also notice the expedition 's army - attache liaison Officer malik negotiate with the shifty ibrahim , the head porter and urdu -balti translator ( sirdar ) . Beyond this hectic scene : the long valley , entirely ringed by the outly white ~ cap peak of the karakoram , be also white - but it be the whiteness of sand , not snow . the effect be very eerie , and very beautiful . 47 34 i ext / int : karakoram highway : day two mini - buse and four garishly - ~ paint truck , top~heavy with they load of freight , groan s-l - o- with - l - ~y up a very bad road in a beautiful mountain valley ... blare pakistani pop music , the convoy pass a sign which saysi " karakoram highway . " in the cabin of one of the buse : harold , try to hold he camera steady , be squash between malik & the driver , who chain - smoke filthy k2 cigarettes . as they plough through another bone ~ shaking pothole , harold look out the window ~ to see a large roadside billboard advertising coca cola . it say : " have a cock . " NI / ext am highway : evening 00000 00 00 335 the convoy make its way carefully over a wooden suspension bridge . Far below : a rock-strewn river . taylor ride for a change on top of one of the lorry load , along with several pakistani hitch ~ hiker , who pass around a chillum . as he lorry pass over the bridge and turn up yet another steep incline , it pass another billboard state : " the icy finger of death point at the speed King . " 36 : int / ext : dasso village : | late afternoon 36 ringed by very high snow - cap peak , dasso be the end of the road : literally as far as the vehicle can go . as the convoy enter the picturesque but desperately poor village make of mud - brick and thatch , all the villager - gap-tooth , bare - foot man , veile woman and filthy naked child - turn out to line the read and stare at the stranger . the village be surround by vivid green agricultural terrace , ploughed by yak and win from the harsh terrain by generation of skilled hard labor . the convoy lurch towards a large flat area just beyond the village , where hundred of local men & boy gather around many small open fire . they look up expectantly as the vehicle stop a hundred yard away . in the cabin of the lead bus : harold Jesus ! malik we porter ! malik shout something to the driver and point .... 48 the six expedition vehicle form a circle , wagon - train style , on a flat area of ground near the porter 's camp . 37_ : ext : dasso camp : sunset the climber 's camp establish , clayborn , malik & ibrahim conduct a noisy negotiation with representative of the porter , the rest of whom take the opportunity to pray ; hundred of they kneel in the dust face Mecca . taylor find a frisbee in he pack , and toss it to harold . he in turn toss it to takane , who try a ambitious blind whip to dallas . this elude he , arcing around to hit one of the praying porter on the bottom ; the astonished man leap up in alarm , as though Allah himself have kick he ass . other porter hoot with laughter , one of they grab the fluorescent disk , and soon there be a full - on East - West frisbee free-for- all in the dusty camp . meanwhile : clayborn be still negotiate . he speak to malik about they sirdar ibrahim , who cannot understand English . clayborn ask he if this deal be go to stick ? malik & ibrahim have a brief exchange in urdu . malik yes , yes - he say no problem . clayborn tell he there better not be . malik mutter something ... clayborn tell he if there 's a strike he will not get pay . o- ( malik hesitate ) go on ~— tell he ! malik mutter again unconvincingly & then ibrahim nod and withdraw ... clayborn he 's the best sirdar you could find ? malik yes sir ! clayborn T do not trust he . 49 malik he be very well respected by the man here . clayborn just as long as he understand that he 's work for we and not they . montage of the three day march between dasso & askole - the last inhabit place before the mountain . we see the whole procession of two hundred man strung out along precarious mountain path , fording raging stream , hike through drive rain , and pass through ever — poorer and smaller village . in one village we see harold act as team doctor , inspect and dispense color pill to a long queue of poorly - nourish and even deform villager . we also see a bitter mute argument between clayborn , malik , ibrahim and a number of the porter . on one long ascent we get a hint of competitiveness between dallas & taylor about they respective hike speed ; this two clearly see themselves as the two lead climber of the party . hing askole : evening 000000 it 39 the last majestic slope up into askole , another timeless mud village surround by emeraid terrace and soar white peak . the two hundre porter make a long weary line as they hurry towards the evening 's camp ... taylor slip past the shattered harold on the trail , they pack tower over they head ... taylor how you feel h? harold I will sleep tonight man , I will tell you that . taylor acclimatize okay ? harold be it good news or bad news when you bleed from the ear ? up ahead , on the outskirt of askole , the lead porter stop either side of the trail to watch another , descend expedition . 50 we hear clinking of karabiner and crampon as harold and taylor push they way to the front of the silent crowd ... the descending expedition be a six - man german climbing party . they be accompany by a small group of balti porter , four of whom carry a string bed , on which be the body of another man . bring up the rear be a pretty , distract ~ look young italian woman . they all look like they have be through hell . while the AMERICANS break through the crowd , and collect around the stranger , the porter put the bed down in the middle of the trail , and the young woman immediately sit on it and stroke the sick man 's forehead . steiner Helmut steiner -- we be just from mustagh Tower ~~- the weather be too bad . we have to come down very quickly . ( smiling weakly ) do you have any food you could spare ? while clayborn nod ‘of course 's , harold look at the sick man , move forward , and squat down to check on he condition . he check the man 's pulse , eye etc , and while the woman continue to murmur to she husband in italian , withdraw to the main group . harold he 's dead ! steiner her brother too , but she will not believe it . they be climb on paiyu . we try to bury he , but she do not agree . they all watch the young widow grieve in she own way as the last light fade from the surround snowcap 40_ : int + lambardar 's house - askole : evening the village headman 's house be larger , but by no mean more luxurious than the other mud and thatch hovel in askole . the member of both climbing partie , plus malik & ibrahim , be gather in the main room , where they play nervously with special guest - size cup of oily yak — - butter tea . harold , almost at the back of the group , look down a huge hole in the middle of the floor through which thick smoke billow . in the sulphurous gloom below they , harold be amaze to see women , child & animal move around a cooking fire . 51 behind harold , next to the main entrance , taylor chat quietly , and respectfully - in italian ~- with the teary young woman . back in the main group : the diplomatic dallas be do best of all with the revolting yak - butter cocktail when he spot taylor apparently woolf the widow , and subtly draw clayborn 's attention to it . he then make a derogatory comment to takane . taylor notice this bait , but continue to talk to the woman in exactly the same manner , even go so far as to touch she sleeve in a gesture of sympathy . dallas take a step forward , and make another comment , still inaudible . taylor continue to ignore he ; now the grieve widow be swoon provocatively on he shoulder . clayborn watch the prelude to the shootout nervously , but the lambardar have he well and truly box in ; he only get to hold a party once a year , and he intend to make the most of it . then dallas ~ who affect the code of conduct of a Southern gentleman circa scarlett o’hara and think he know a cad when he see one ~ can stand it no longer : dallas Taylor ! taylor nod " a moment please " - in fact he have be conduct himself with perfect etruscan decorum ~ excuse himself further with a soft , familiar phrase , and go to meet he match . taylor yeah ? dallas what the hell do you think you be do ? taylor I be talk to signora giustetta . dallas you be scum ! taylor look back at the woman , and remember he best behavior . taylor my mother come from she city . dallas ( stepping closer ) you be a twisted low - ~life pervert . taylor I take that as a compliment ? 52 dallas what 's " five mile high club " in italian ? taylor what be this ? Harvard Trivial pursuit ? dallas she 's pregnant , right ? that 's you thing ~ pregnant widow ! taylor look again at signora giustetta , then politely beckon dallas over as if to talk to she . when dallas busy it and step up , taylor instead grab he and pull he straight through the open doorway and into the village street . clayborn notice all this and signal diplomatic alarm . takane intercept the signal and be the first to move ... 41_ : ext +: lambardar 's hous taylor & dallas wrestle seriously . now Dallas be no pushover ; he have the physical pedigree of a well - breed ivy League quarter - back , and be almost as strong as Taylor . nevertheless , taylor have the element of surprise , and be soon moosh he enemy 's face into the dust . he hiss into he ear : taylor I 'tat tell you what my thing be , woolf . my thing be to climb this fuck mountain . if you be on my rope while I be do it , I will fight for you life . but I hope one day you be not on my rope , and you fail off the fuck mountain . ' cos when you do , I ’1ll be there woolf , and my thing at that point will be absolutely for fuckun 's definite to piss on you grave . now takane be at hand , haul taylor off ; clayborn arrive too . clayborn you idiot ! the lambardar and the balti villager look on at this fascinating floorshow , and wonder what this strange visitor will get up to next ? the other climber gather too , and while takane continue to hold the two panting men apart , clayborn read they the riot act : 53 clayborn one more of that , and you will both spend the rest of the trip packhorse . if you can not behave like man , I 'il treat you like animal . we be here - this be it ! from now on we be a team , we have get to be ! anybody not in the team , be a danger to it . 42' : ext : baltoro glacie pen ea crunch ! a crampon climbing boot stomp on the thin crusty snow that cover a crevasse on the glacier . as the icy surface layer shatter , we see the black hole of the chasm yawn below . takane Jesus ! Big one here . takane turn around to warn the rest of the man on he rope . in a ever-vaster landscape of snow and rock , the expedition - roped together in team of five or ten for safety - snake its way up the freeze river of ice towards its goal . each of the climber lead one of the roped group . we see clayborn - first among equais - stride out in front of he party , urging they to make more than they naturai pace . near he , takane & dallas seem to be in competition ; everyone be keen to impress with he fitness and determination in order to maximize he chance of be choose for the summit team . perhaps even malik harbor summit ambition ? taylor & harold urge they respective team along in parallel , ignore mumble of protest from the porter struggle along behind . suddenly one of harold team stumble and fall , cause he crocodile to grind to a confuse halt . taylor ignore the break - down and press on relentlessly ... harold hey ! what 's the big hurry ? taylor Devil take the hindmost , boyo . harold wait ! taylor catch up ! taylor see dallas turn to check on they relative position in the peck order , and shout at he man to go even faster . 54 harold Christ ! harold bully he team to pull themselves together , take a deep breath , and finally set off in pursuit . 43_ : ext i campsite on the baltoro night as cooking fire glow on the moonlit glacier , the AMERICANS take the chance to chat by they fire or write in they journal . takane , who have bring small speaker for he professional walk ~ man , explain the word of a favorite C & W song to malik , while clayborn watch taylor pass a cup of coffee to dallas ; the two rival now maintain a icy detachment from each other . jack be recount some epic alpine adventure to no one in particular , while the star twinkle in the brilliant sky above , everyone look exhaust but happy . life be good ; this be what it 's all about . taylor look at harold , who gvin , before jotting something else in he journal . harold be leftohded ; he wedding ring flash in the fire- light while he write . 44 1 ext : glacier MARCH montage : da a another montage : as the expedition slowly wend its way towards the upper reach of the baltoro glacier , past minor karakoram peak — paiyu , trago ET al - the landscape become ever vaster , bleaker and more inhospitable . as evening approach , a STORM be brewing . clayborn listen on the radio for the weather report from dasso ; the news do not sound good , and visibility be become poor ~ none of the mountain can be see , clayborn how far to concordia ? malik _ two hour ? clayborn think we will make it before this storm hit ? malik this be not a good place to camp I think . taylor come on ~ let 's go for it ! takane & harold nod they agreement , while the contrary dallas sulk . clayborn consider ~~- and then tug he protest gaggle of porter forward into the gather storm , 145 the party struggle to erect they tent in the tooth of a fierce gale . visibility be close to zero ; they could be anywhere . the utterly exhaust porter drop they load in pile and fight to arrange they more rudimentary shelter harold & taylor finally get they tent to work and stumble into it , zipping it up immediately after they . 46_ : int : harold & taylor 's tent ~ concordia : night = : 46 as they struggle in the confine space to organize they pack , light the gaslamp , extract they sleep bag , get the stove go for something hot to drink , they have to shout to be hear over the storm . they be both whacked . later : they sit snug in they sleep bag , read . we hear the STORM continue outside . harold notice that taylor be read " the Art of War " by Sun tzu : confucius meet machiavelli . harold I never read that . taylor ( holding up the book ) it 's good on strategy . " when you will survive if you fight quickly , and perish if you do not , this be call ' die ground 's " . taylor pass the book to harold , who scan it , reading : harold " people on die ground be , as it be , sit in a leak boat , lie in a burn house . " harold listen to the fierce wind roaring across the tent fabric . taylor you get you strategy figure out , h? harold I dunno -— what do you mean ? ( handing the book back ) what 's you strategy ? taylor mine be mine . question be -- what 's yours ? no one else can climb the mountain for you , H. 56 harold I know that ! what be you try to say ? it 's every man for himself from here on in ? taylor if it come to that , you have get to be able to deal with it , sure . harold any rule at all ? would you draw the line at say -~ eat human flesh ? mine for instance ? taylor anything can happen up here h , you can not rely on anybody but yourself . that 's all I be try to say . harold look thoughtful , even a little troubled , as he turn away from taylor and listen to the gale . fade to black --~ taylor open he eye . the storm have die , and the terrible sound of the wind be replace with ... total silence . then he notice that the tent be bury by a snowdrift ; the ceiling sag down , and the light be diminish . taylor h! we be snow in . but harold 's sleep bag be empty . taylor drag off he bag and start to find he outer clothes , boot etc ... when he 's dress , taylor be about to start burrow he way out through the snowdrift when harold stick he head into the snow tunnel : harold Taylor ! taylor what 's the matter ? harold nothing 's the matter . Close you eye ! taylor huh ? harold Close you eye ! 57 48 : ext : concordia camp : dawn taylor stumble out of they bury tent into the deep powder snow and a sparkling , bright blue dawn . harold point he ina particular direction ... harold okay - open you eye . cu : taylor 's face , as he open he eye - to be confront by the most impressive collection of mountain anywhere on earth . this camp at concordia be at the confluence of two mighty glacier ; this two monstrous river of ice be effortlessly dominate at this point by Broad peak , mitre peak , mustagh Tower , plus the four gasherbrum and they satellite . now taylor turn to the leave , and look up the godwin austen glacier , where he see a new mountain of truly appall height . its beautifuliy proportion pyramid fill the whole end of the valley , and even at this most spectacular place on earth , there be simply nothing else to look at . harold k2 . taylor fuck I ! the other stamp around point out the glisten peak to each other . they all know unequivocally in this instant why they be here . this be Real life , and everything else pale in comparison . clayborn everybody feel all right ? ( everybody be ) good - because there 's no reason why we should not make base Camp tonight . no good reason that be . some of they - laugh , but just now there be restive shout from the porter 's camp in the background , and as malik come run up , the laughter instantly die away . malik Mr clayborn -- Mr clayborn -~ clayborn what now ? malik the porter will not walk on the glacier . it be too dangerous . they say they ~- taylor make to stand up ; clayborn order he to sit again . 58 clayborn i_say every man who finish the trip with we will get a extra twenty rupee per day for this part of the glacier . be that clear ? this section only . we leave in ten minute ! taylor that fucker ! clayborn come on everybody . last day . then we be on the mountain . the AMERICANS struggle into they pack for the last stage of the walk - in ; taylor clap harold on the back ~ and quietly point out clayborn take a sustain hit of oxygen . whispering : taylor how long 's he gonna stay on the mountain , he 's suck on the 0 - 2 already ? godwin austen glacier : day . the expedition be strung out in a long line with the AMERICANS at the front . suddenly the baltis start to knot up and slow down , and ibrahim - who as usual be the only one not carry anything at all - run forward to find malik . and then malik struggle back up the line to find clayborn . the liaison Officer 's grim expression say it all ... clayborn do not tell I . malik they want to rest . clayborn for how long ? malik for ~-- the rest of the day . clayborn what ? 1 ? malik they want to make camp here . clayborn we have only be go two hour ! 59 malik they say it 's too dangerous . deep snow ~~ many crevass -- dallas what will camp here prove ? taylor it will prove that they get a extra day 's pay . clayborn we be go on to base Camp to ~ night . otherwise no one get pay . malik they will not move sahib . clayborn we will see about that . clayborn , follow by taylor , dallas & malik , move down the line to have it out with the ringleader ... they be confront by a angry , menace mob , who wave stick and seem in no way intimidate by the white mens’ status as they employer . after much push , shove and shout , a lot of which be do by taylor , one of the baltis actually throw a punch , which momentarily deck taylor . dallas the ego have land ! stung as much by this comment as by the blow , taylor leap to he foot and fight he way back to the particular pack where they stash of rupees be hide . returning to the fray , taylor grab out a fistful of the low denomination banknote , and right under the horrify nose of the balti ringleaders , set fire to the money . malik stop ! taylor tell they they do not want the money we have already agree on , I 'o burn the fuck lot . tell they that ! malik stop ! you must not do this !! but it 's too late , and the shrieking baltis shrink back from this appall act , which clearly establish taylor as a dangerous lunatic . 60 taylor ten buck worth ~~ big deal ! malik ten dollar will feed one of they family for six month ! taylor that 's what I call cost -effective . malik you do not negotiate with they by destroy what they do not have . taylor you know a better way ? so far i have not see it , taylor hold the bag of money high for all to see and forges to the front of the line ... taylor come and get it before it 's too late . the expression on the face tell we that taylor have win the round but not the fight . we also see that malik remain as appal and insulted as the baltis at what Taylor have do . 3us:_ext : ice fall - godwin austen glacier : day _ i on this last and most dangerous section of the glacier , everybody be roped in smaller group than usual . harold group have just follow dallas 's group across a ice bridge over a huge crevasse in the glacier , when harold look back to the next group . this be lead by malik , who make the mistake of look into the abyss , & freeze in the middle of the bridge . Calling forward to dallas : 7 harold woolf ! ( dallas turn around ) I be gonna tie onto the malik 's group . take mine on will you ? dallas yeah - okay . harold detach himself from he group of porter and attaches they to the end of dallas 's group , before turn back to help the strand group . malik be still paralyse by fear ~ the crevasse appear to be hundred of foot deep ~ when there be suddenly a great splintering SOUND --~ and the bridge begin to collapse ! malik miraculously find he foot again ~~~ 61 malik run towards harold be side of the bridge , leap the last few foot , land on he belly , and slam he axe into the ice in a classic " safety " ... moment before the porter on the other end of the rope disappear scream into the crevasse ... we see the incredible strain on malik be face - and we also see the strain on the axe with the weight of the other on it , as it begin to cut a path through the ice ... while harold be sprinting back towards malik ... dallas , taylor & takane be untying from they group and run back too . fraction of a second before malik slip over the edge to he certain death , harold reach he , slam the heel of he crampon into the ice , grab the top of malik 's axe , and sit back in a seat belay . he manage to postpone the tragedy , but then the axe start to cut through the ice again . moment before both of they be pull over the edge ... dallas clip a rope through malik 's harness , then scream at taylor & takane who be bring up the rear : dallas safety !!! taylor & takane immediately loop the rope around they axe , drive they into the ice , and fall on they in the '' safety '' position . dallas race back from the edge and do the same . dallas ( to harold ) let go !! harold release _ the axe ~ and malik scream as he drop over the edge of the crevasse . the rope , hold by dallas , taylor & takane , snap teach ... and hold ! malik' Pov : the other porter dangle scream below he in the black , bottomless crevasse . as clayborn , jack and group of the other porter arrive , they help haul the line of porter out of the abyss , into which many of the other baltis stare , mesmerize . finally , all the man stand safely back on firm ice , very glad to be alive . everyone else gather around to slap the hard ~ - breathe harold on the back ; they all share a moment of elation . harold have do it again ! dallas deja vu , huh ! taylor yeah , he 's become a regular Saint fuckun 's Christopher . harold it 's nothing - forget it . group of 62 malik my wife and son will not forget it . you will be they hero - always ! takane do you see the way the axe be just slice through the ice ?! porter be already filing away and stand round in whisper group , make no sign of renshouldering they load . taylor we camp here or what ? clayborn survey the porter action and mood , and decide that maybe they have all have enough for one day after all . clayborn yes -~ we camp here . the climber look frustrated at yet another annoying delay . dallas congratulation tarantino . after this be over I 'il nominate you as US ambassador to Pakistan . taylor you wanna go down that crevasse too ? clayborn ( moving in quickly ) stop it , or you will both go down the crevasse . now get the tent up . late at night , read . taylor be still with " the Art of War " . taylor so what 's it feel like be the big hero ? harold it feel good - it feel -- God ! that moment be worth my whole lifetime ! I do something real for once , something powerful , you know ? 1 , harold jamison , have a measurable effect on human life ! I feel -~ in control -- like I can do anything I want . I feel -~ ( joke ) like I think you must feel all the time Taylor . 63 taylor nothing like a little catastrophe to start the heart , huh ? taylor smile at he friend , and read from the book : taylor '' confront they with annihilation , and they will then survive ; plunge they into a deadly situation , and they will then live . when people fall into danger , they be then able to strive for victory . " harold Victory ! harold shoot out he right hand , and they do they handshake . taylor Victory ! taylor turn off the gas lamp , and we watch the mantle die from white to black ... 52_i_ext : the glacier : dawn 0000 52 the SUN climb over the peak on the Eastern edge of the valley , and paint the immense snowscape pink . taylor emerge from he tent , and look away over towards the edge of the glacier , to where takane be digging a hole in the thin ice . he walk over , as takane strip off ... taylor what 's this ? takane just my little samurai number . last day before the mountain . taylor watch astonished as the naked takane lower himself chin deep into the freezing water . taylor how long you stay in there ? takane ( through wildly chatter teeth ) as long as I can stand it . constitutionally unable to resist a challenge , now taylor start to strip off then piunge - naked and scream he warcry - into the water beside the strong - will japanese . 64 now dallas emerge from he tent , and stare at this curious , competitive spectacle . taylor stare back at he enemy , dare he to join they . taylor come in woolf ? dallas continue to stare - but then he turn away , as if listen to some disturbing SOUND . taylor & takane continue to stare at each other , each desperately willing himself to survive the longer in the freezing water . then they hear clayborn shout back at the tent : harold be just emerge when he hear the shout too , and hurry towards the voice ... harold look back down the glacier towards concordia - to see large group of porter , many of they carry they pack of food , head for home . while malik dog the heeis of one group , shout , ibrahim be run around arguing too , and look very worried . meanwhile more and more porter be dump they load and move off . harold pursue the leader , pass clayborn ~ who look lose , distract and even defeat , harold hey ! where be you go ? come back ! ( catch up to malik ) what 's happen ? where be they go ? malik Home . they will not go on . harold but they have to ! we be only four hour from base Camp ! malik just shrug and dart ahead to try to sway another of the leader . meanwhile harold spot one of the man he save from the crevasse . seize he arm : harold what 's the matter ? just a few more hour and we be there ! there be a hint of recognition , and even regret in the porter 's eye - but he nevertheless pull away and keep walk . harold tug at he sleeve and keep talking to he — ~ the porter do not understand a word of English - but the plea have no effect whatso - — ever , and harold be reduce to stand on the glacier watch the disgruntled , desert man stream all around he ... 65 back in the ice - water bath : even in this emergency , taylor 's pride force he to wait for takane to get out first ... and then the two pink ~ flushed , naked men race across the glacier to find out what 's go on ... but they be too late . they arrive to see that the dispirite harold , malik & ibrahim be already return to camp - without the porter . about ninety - five percent of the baltis have leave , leave pack strewn in pile all over the ice . takane & taylor be still naked and shiver , a sight that dallas find extremely distasteful . takane what be we go to do ? taylor fuck it ! we take it up ourselves . dallas fourteen ton of it ?!? be this before or after you get dress ? taylor what 's the matter , cowboy ? I think you eat bobcat for breakfast ? dallas I be talk about time , asshole . it 'il take we maybe two week . clayborn he 's right . we x11 be cut it close with the weather , this late in the season . taylor so ? we take less . cut down . : dallas 7 '' what be you talk about ? we need everything - that 's why we bring it . taylor people have climb this baby with a whole lot less than fourteen ton of gear , you know . jack & takane but --- taylor aw well then - hey fella — why do not we just quit , huh ? ceveryone hang there head ) 66 taylor c’mon ! they be do we a favor . we do not need all this crap . ( pleading ) all we need be to be a team , right ? he 's right . clayborn finally nod clayborn Taylor and takane ~ you come with I and Jack to break up the gear . Dallas - you strike camp . harold ~ you organize the porter who be still here . any question ? ( there be none ) right ! let 's do it ! 53_i ext i base camp set - up montage : day : 53 during the next two or three day , in variable weather , the climber and remain porter - even the lazy ibrahim carry light load -~ struggle to transport the reduce equipment haul from the glacier to the foot of the mist~blown mountain . base camp be finally establish at the foot of k2 - a seatter of colorful tent dot about on the glacier just beyond the avalanche zone - and in the process we see the climber begin to work as a real team for the first time . ext : gilkey memorial - base of k2_ : day _ 134 harold take a photograph of the memorial to the many climber who have die on k2 : a stone cairn festoon with saucepan and tin box lid with inscription beat into they . taylor v/o come h? harold hurry across to where the rest of the party be pack up and make ready to move up the mountain . jack & malik be listen to the weather report from dasso on the radio jack , they give we two day of clear weather . clayborn point to a basic diagram of the mountain spread out on the snow . he trace a line up the center : the '' magic line " route , then he take another hit of oxygen ; once again harold exchange a look with taylor . 67 clayborn all right ~ I want to have Camp one stock by then , and rope laid to Camp two -— - ~ taylor ( pointing on the map ) you still favor fix rope all the way to Camp four ? clayborn I favor fix rope all the way to the summit , but we 'il see how we go with the weather . whoomp ! a huge avalanche crash down onto the glacier close to where they stand . the few remain porter shift uneasily . malik the mountain be waking up . taylor take off you wedding ring H. harold why ? dallas because if you get frostbite , you finger 's 11 swell , and it 'il give you gangrene . taylor Love kill , baby . harold take off he glove , string he wedding ring around he neck , and put he glove back on . clayborn you take lead on the first rope Dallas . Taylor , you take the second , question ? harold be look up at the summit loom straight above they . the facete sheer wall of ice and granite glint in the sunlight . taylor yeah ! we all get a equal shot at the summit , right ? clayborn base on fitness ~ right ! dallas do you get yours before or after you piss on my grave ? 68 takane come on fella ! team ! clayborn let 's get ea ss we see the various roped payr of climber negotiate the negretto col on the South South West Ridge . dallas & takane in the lead team set the ice screw , taylor & harold come behind lay the fix rope , and behind they clayborn , jack , malik and the other porter ferry load . we watch they pass we at a certain point ; so far they all seem to be work well , although already the altitude ( 20,000 ' ) be make every movement a effort . 56 : ext : camp one _ : day . i_ 56 dallas & takane reach a area of flatten ridge , look at each other , nod " perfect " , and dump they pack . while they look at the astonish view - from here they can see all the way back down the glacier to the concordia camp - the next pair of taylor & harold heave themselves up the last slope to Camp one . takane we 'il make this Camp one . dallas okay by you guy ? taylor Jesus ! Fine by I . harold nod agreement , then look back down the rope ... to where clayborn & jack struggle up towards they . harold clayborn ' 's struggle a bit . takane he always take a few day to acclimatize . he 'il be okay . takane be already put on the stove to melt some snow for hot drink ... and by the time clayborn & jack haul themselves up to the camp , the drink be ready ; takane pass they around , but harold refuse he . everybody turn on he in unison : 69 everybody drink ! takane dehydration 's the real killer over 20,000 's harold . harold ( taking the drink ) we be at 20,000 already ? dallas welcome to the death Zone . clayborn be rest with he head on he pack ; he look waste . meanwhile jack be on the radio ... clayborn we have make good time . jack weather 's hold . clayborn we will all go down now for another load . harold why do not you rest here ? clayborn I be all right goddammit ! I can pull my weight . on a still , black night , the tent glow as tiny insignificant red & GREEN dot on the vast , dark mass of the mountain . 58 : ext : camp one : dawn 8b leave the tent erect , the climber have finish breakfast and be about to set off on the day 's haulage work . while clayborn , jack & malik prepare to descend for more gear , the other be head higher to lay rope to Camp two and beyond . clayborn we will meet at Camp two for supper . harold we could come back down here if -- 70 clayborn no need ! Camp two . good luck . clayborn , jack ET al turn and use the fix rope , lower themselves over the edge for the downward journey . meanwhile the other four prepare to head up . dallas ( to takane ) you want to lead today ? taylor i want to lead today . dallas look at taylor then at takane ~ and then up the mountain : immediately above they , a vertical ice chimney stretch several hundred foot , after which it appear to plateau out . check that clayborn be out of sight : dallas first one to the top lead today . taylor grin , harold gulp ... and before anyone have more time to think about it , they be all four of they hack up the chimney in a frenzy of axe , crampon and fly ice . top of ice chimney : day before we can see the climber we can hear they approach ... finally a ice axe and ice hammer stab into the lip of the ledge , follow immediately by two more set of axe and hammer . the climber belong to the first set pop he head over the lip . it be taylor . while he hauis himself over the lip , dallas & takane 's head appear , and moment later , harold be . taylor , absolutely shattered by he effort , lie out full stretch on he back on the ice , while the other clamber up behind he , equally exhaust , harold collapse beside he . while the other prepare the next upward load , clayborn be collapse in a chair , gasp oxygen . jack look concerned , but when clayborn catch the look , he put the breathing apparatus away and rejoin the work . 71 61_: ext : camp two : day i 61 with taylor lead , the four climber arrive at the slightly less than sheer incline that will be Camp two . the view be ever more extraordinary , although only taylor have eye for it ; the other be too wreck . taylor break out the two - way radio : taylor Camp two to base . come in base ~-- you read I ? 62 : ext : base camp : day 1 62 jack hear the squelch on the radio , and pick it up . jack hey ! Taylor ! base read you ! taylor v/0 we be ready for you here . everything okay ? jack Roger - we be just set off . taylor stand ; the other lie : taylor we be go to push on up to Camp Three . ( groans from the other three ) see you back here for supper . over . jack v/o Roger . good luck ! harold Jesus ! what be you try to do to we ? taylor whatsamatter guy ? harold I think I just fuck die , that 's what 's the matter ! takane I know I do . 72 taylor you guy stay here and rest . i’1l lay the rope to Three by myself . dallas I be come with you . but we gotta have a drink first . taylor look at dallas ; he look as waste as the other two , but he be not about to let taylor get the idea that he be top dog . a while later : dallas & taylor put down they cup , and rope up together . dallas be about to move off in the lead , coil of rope over both shoulder , when taylor light ~heartedly pull he back . taylor think I be climb lead today ? dallas shrug '' oh yeah -~ forget " , and step aside to let taylor make the first move across a difficult face of icy granite . 64 : ext : camp two i : evening ee 4 by the time taylor & dallas make they way back down to Camp two , takane & harold have set up camp on the narrow ledge , and the weather be close in . takane hand the two climber hot drink . takane Storm come in . otherwise we be in great shape . dallas Heard from the other ? harold they 'il be here any minute . taylor look over the edge to where : five hundred foot below Camp two , the heavily - laden clayborn , jack & malik be haul they - selve very slowly up the rope . then cloud blow across the mountain , obliterate the climber . harold everything go okay ? taylor turn and nod nonchalantly , but dallas do not respond ; harold cannot tell whether it be from exhaustion or disdain , and wonder what pass between the two man when they be alone on the mountain . the wind be get stronger every moment . 73 the light from the three tiny tent squeeze onto the inadequate ledge be barely visible through the storm - drive cloud and snow . while the lamp splutter and the tent heave in the wind , harold & taylor talk before go to sleep : harold how do you go with Dallas today ? taylor Fine . harold come on - what happen ? taylor nothing . harold something must have . I mean — ~ taylor we laid rope . I lead most of the day . he do not say a word . harold not one ?!! taylor ( shake he head ) he 's quite strong --- harold a what do you think about when you be climb ? taylor sex . harold sex you have have , or sex you be go to have ? taylor sex I do not have . I think about the one that get away . harold you mean there be some ?!? 74 taylor Cindy . I never have Cindy . harold thanks very much ! taylor no ~ there be a moment there ~ when you first meet she ~ she -~ harold she what ? you mean you jerk yourself off on mountain think about my wife ? taylor never mind . you ask I . harold you be fuck serious , be not you ? you get I up here --— but this fascinating conversation be interrupt by takane , who unzip and burst into they tent , a furious flurry of snow blow in with he . as he frantically re-zip the tent : taylor what 's up ? takane clayborn 's sick ! think it 's edema . NI / ext i clayborn '’s tent : night os 67 harold , taylor , takane , malik & jack squeeze into the tiny tent , where clayborn lie in he sleep bag look dreadful . his lip be blue , he breathe weak and rag . jack be take he pulse - clayborn do not feel --~ too good . taylor you do not look too good . I mean -~ er -- jack we have get to get you down . clayborn the storm x11 be over soon . jack screw the storm . we have get to get you down now . tonight . 75 takane tonight ?!? jack we gotta get he as low as possible as soon as possible . taylor who 's gonna go with he ? jack ( beat ) I will go . malik I will go also . jack the rest of you wait out the storm here . let 's do it ! jack be administer oxygen , but clayborn be almost too listless to breath it in . while all hand urgently strip off they leader 's sleep bag and help pack the necessary gear ... outside the tent : dallas stand aloof in the storm , wait for the rein of power to fall into he hand , 68 : ext : camp two : night 0 8 the storm be slightly easier when jack & malik clip clayborn onto the fix down - rope - they all wear lamp on they helmet — and ease he over the edge . jack & takane test they radios , then taylor , harold , takane & dallas stand and watch the three other disappear before scurrying back to they respective tent ... back in they sleep bag , there be the first sign of real tension between the two friend . harold stare heatedly at taylor , who be about to extinguish the lamp ... taylor T usually just take what I want and fuck the consequence H. I do not take Cindy , okay ? harold who say she have have want you ? taylor just smile and turn off the light . the wind rage harder again outside ... 76 taylor v/o think they will make it ? harold v/0o you be a shit Taylor . taylor v/o yeah , but at least I do not mind tell the truth about it . 703 ext + camp two : day 70 the STORM be much easier now , and the four climber stand about ready to set off back up to Camp Three . dallas be on the radio to base Camp : dallas but he 's okay ? jack v/o he 's not great , but he 's stable . malik 's go back to the dump for more oxygen . dallas what about the weather ? jack v/o patchy . tomorrow should be better . dallas Roger . we be head up now . we x11 call you from Three . jack v/o take it easy . over . the four of they zip up the tent , don they extra~heavy pack and set off up the rope the four climber haul themselves up the rope between camp two and Three ; first takane , then dallas , harold , and taylor bring up the rear . taylor pause for a moment and look up towards the summit a gap in the cloud appear , and the summit be briefly visible , like a indian arrow head against the troubled sky . ext i camp three : day _ 172 the four climber pause at the end of the fix rope — the site for camp three . while the weather look a little clearer , takane brews drink and dallas talk to base : dallas Camp Three to base . can you read I , over ? jack v/o clear as a bell , boy . how you all do ? dallas we be all fine . how 's clayborn ? jack v/o he 's a iittle better . he 's sleep most of the time . dallas how 's the weather ? jack v/o reasonable . dallas we be go to keep on go up to four . the other three look at each other ; dallas have take a executive decision without consulting they . jack v/o what 's the big hurry ? dallas look back at the other , but despite a few significant look , none of they choose to dispute the call . '' dallas we will call you from four . over . dallas switch off the radio , stow it in he pack , and accept a hot drink from takane . taylor Hell - why not ? we can be on the summit for breakfast . dallas look shifty , while harold strip off a glove to inspect for frostbite . taylor touch he hot metal mug to one of harold be bare , white finger ... taylor can you feel that ? 78 harold no . taylor look at takane , and minute later ... harold squat soaking he two bare hand in hot water in the cooking pot . meanwhile dallas be surveying the next pitch . dallas we will take that ridge there , then traverse that wall ~-- taylor you can traverse it if you like . it look rotten to I . dallas how can you tell from here ? taylor like I say - you can go that way you want . i’1l take what - ever 's in back of the ridge . dallas a team stick together . taylor look around for support , but both of the other avoid he gaze . taylor shrug mock - democratically and look back up at the big wall face they ... taylor hope you remember that when the shit hit the fan . jack stare at the mountain through a powerful telescope on a tripod , while clayborn doze beside he in a deckchair , wrap in he sleep bag , a oxygen cylinder on the snow beside he . jack turn to say something , but realize that clayborn be out of it , then stand back to allow malik to look through the telescope taylor climb across the extremely dangerous wall of blue ice over granite . he look down at the other three climber wait on the ledge below , then drive in another ice screw , clip onto it , and allow it to take he weight . it do not ! a huge chunk of rotten ice give way all round where the screw go in , and taylor drop into space . 719 taylor falling !!! the other take precautionary tension on the rope as taylor 's momentum rip out three other screw before the fourth - and last ~ hold ! taylor end up dangle limply in space not far above the other 's head . he look down at they — and smile ironically . taylor hey fella ! guess what ? there 's some rotten ice up here ! taylor be axe & hammer hang from they wrist strap . he spin on the rope , slam the point of he axe into the ice , and pull himself back onto the wall . 2:75 clayborn be awake now , and look slightly better . but he be still weak , and can barely stand . jack be still look through the telescope ... clayborn where be they ? jack there ! just below the mushroom , they be make real good time , clayborn how 's the weather ? malik ( taking off radio headphone ) clear for twenty - four hour . jack and then ? malik then bad , clayborn ( look at jack ) what do you think ? while taylor & a very tired takane struggle with the second tent , dallas talk on the radio to base ; through the open flap of the first tent , we see harold stretch out , rest . 80 dallas I say we go for it . clayborn v/o you have put in three of four pretty solid day . you sure you can get to the summit and back in twenty - four hour ? dallas no problem . taylor drop what he 's do and crawl into he tent wee harold be wrap in he sleep bag , doze . taylor h! wake up ! woolf want to go for the summit . harold now ? oh man ~- I be fuck , taylor we be all fuck , but we only get a twenty - four hour weather window . harold ohhh -- okay ~- okay . I be ready . taylor you sure now ? harold initiate the special handshake , he hurriedly de -bag , and the two man scramble out of the tent ... camp four : day taylor & harold re-emerge from the tent , to see dallas stare at they . dallas take it easy . no hurry . taylor I think you say ~~ dallas I say " we " be go for the summit . no one say " we " mean all of we . 81 harold so what doe '' we " mean ? dallas it mean I -- and takane , taylor now wait a minute ! if it 's only two to the top , you have get to take the best two . dallas yes ? taylor you -- and I . takane & harold now you wait a minute ! taylor I be sorry tak , but we be talk about go now , Dallas and I be the only two who have get a shot . you stay . harold cannot believe he own ear as he supremely opportunist best friend betray taylor be surprised question . they " we two as a team " trust . harold fuck you Taylor ! what be this ? dallas takane and I be the summit team . be that way since before you . taylor but you have get to take I ! I be the best climber . and I be the fittest of any of we . dallas I be not take you . that 's that . harold why the hell can not we all go ? taylor give I that radio ! when dallas hand the radio over without taylor clayborn ? Taylor ! we get a little -- diplomatic problem here . taylor switch off 82 clayborn v/o well whatever it be , Dallas will have to sort it out . taylor no - listen ! we have a deal . we all get a equal shot at the summit , base on fitness . clayborn v/o yes ? taylor we get four guy here . we all want to go . clayborn v/o impossible , two have get to stay back in reserve , taylor but --- clayborn v/0o° two stay ! that 's a order ! taylor okay -- okay ~- so now the question be which two , right ? clayborn v/o Dallas will have to decide . taylor what ? !? clayborn v/o I can not decide who go from down here Taylor . Dallas have my full authority to act for I while I be out of action . the radio in disgust & drop it on the snow . taylor you be so fuckun 's dumb woolf . dallas we 'il see about that . taylor avoid harold 's glare and turn to look over the precipice while dallas & takane hastily prepare for they summit attempt . malik look through the telescope while jack work the radio . malik 's Pov : he scan the top of the mountain , until he pick up the two climber , move slowly , and still far below the summit . malik they will not make it tonight . jack weather update . clayborn what be it ? jack I hate it . ' aylor 's tent ~ camp four : night : 80 harold be still angry with Taylor for have want to sacrifice they friendship pact to satisfy he summit ambition . outside , the wind howl . taylor oh come on man - speak to I . harold I just can not believe you would have go without I . taylor what if woolf have choose you instead of takane ? you have have go without I . harold no way ! taylor maybe that 's you problem ? harold oh I get it . we be on ' die ground 's now , & anything go . what 's next on the secret agenda ? taylor ( listen to the wind ) we will get we crack at it . harold I do not trust you any more . b4 the wind be get stronger all the time ... taylor okay , okay . I be a shit , I be a shit . a hundred time . I be a 100 % total shit . ( harold smile a little ) why do you think I want to be around you h? huh ? harold at this point I really would not know , taylor because you be not a shit . harold I be learn . taylor what 's that suppose to mean ? harold goodnight ! harold turn he back on taylor , taylor do the same — and they end the scene ignore each other like a feud marry couple . tent / the mountain : night : 81 the tiny tent on the side of the huge mountain . the light go out in the tent , which then become quite invisible . the mountain creak and groans , and we get the feel of the utter desolation of be up there in this condition . somewhere on a steep snow slope , a man 's body cartwheel down , desperately clutching at a trail , unsecure rope . the head lamp be on as the body spin on down the mountain ... 82_:_ int / ext_ : harold 's & taylor's tent ~ camp four : night : 82 in the dark : harold v/o what be that ? taylor v/o huh ? what ? harold v/0 dunno - I think I hear something ~~ a voice --— 85 and just then ... both taylor & harold shout out in alarm asa body crash into the tent ! when they sort themselves out , they discover that the surprise visitor be takane - delirious and freeze almost to death . they light the lamp , re-pitch the tent and lay takane out inside it . then , while taylor get the stove go for hot drink , harold do what he can for he finger , biack with frostbite . finally , takane have he eye open and manage to take some liquid . taylor ( shaking he ) do you make the summit ? takane shake he head . from the look in he eye , we can tell he spirit have be break . the mountain have tell he to die . harold what happen to Dallas ? takane would not come down ~-— harold you mean == he be still alive when you leave he ?!! takane ( nods head ) Storm hit ~-- he want to wait it out -- he --- harold but you do not have a tent ! takane he want the mountain so bad . harold ~ and you ? takane it be very bad up there --— dark . I can not feel my leg . taylor have he still get the radio ? takane shrug , and taylor grab they radio up again taylor Dallas ! come in you dumb shit ! ( squelch --~ — ) answer I goddammit ! Dallas ! where the hell be you man ? 86 taylor put down the radio and look at takane , who have drop off to sleep in harold 's arm . outside , the STORM rage harder than ever . taylor look at harold , who shake he head . int / ext_ : harold be & taylor's tent ~ camp four : dawn _ harold wake first , and listen : the storm have die away . he look across to taylor , who be still asleep . between they lie takane , cover with every piece of spare clothing they could find . harold sit up a check takane 's pulse , then he eyelid . harold Taylor ! taylor huh ? harold wake up ! ( taylor open he eye ) tak 's dead ! taylor but he be --- oh fuck ! suddenly taylor be out of he sleep bag and , after a cursory , almost superstitious glance at the corpse , he be unzipping the tent . outside : there be a miraculous clear , still , blue dawn . harold Jesus Taylor ! what do we do ? taylor I do not know ! taylor pick up the radio , toy with it , then look at harold ; he really do not know . harold ~ we gotta go look for Dallas , right ? taylor yeah ! Dallas --~ right ! you up for that ? harold I be up for it . be you up for it ? taylor , who seem uncharacteristically confuse by this tragedy , nod vaguely and toss the radio to harold ... taylor here - you talk to they . 87 -&§_taylor 's tent - camp four : dawn i : 84 taylor & harold stand , head bow , for a moment 's silence by the snow grave they have dig for takane . 85_ : ext : the upper mountain : day 185 in clear weather , taylor & harold search the accessible part of the upper mountain . but without any real clue as to where Dallas might be , they chance of find he - dead or alive - be slim . Taylor be back in he single minded warrior mode . they climb free-style - no safety rope ~ up a reasonable ice chimney until they reach a small plateau above it , from where they can see fairly far around they . no sign of Dallas anywhere . taylor dallas ! ! ( beat ) dall -aaas !! he could be anywhere up here . harold ( into radio ) hey dalia !! you read we ? where the hell be you ? taylor oh man this be pointless . harold you think he 's dead ? taylor yeah - I think he 's dead . gotta be . do not you think ? harold Jack ? Phillip ? anyone awake down there ? jack v/o reading you harold . over . harold there 's no sign of he up here . you hear anything ? jack v/o no. listen - Phillip 's get worse again . we have get to get he down quick . harold how the hell you gonna do that ? 88 jack v/0 malik 's try to get a army chopper to come up for we . harold where do that leave we ? jack vso a long way from home ~ unless you get you ass down here real quick . the weather 's gonna hold today , but after that I do not like it . harold ( to taylor ) what do you think ? harold look above they ~ to where the summit glint crystalline white in the early morning sun . taylor kill the stare at the summit taylor we do not come up here for nothing ! screw the chopper . we walk in , we can walk out . ( grabbing the radio ) Jack ? -- wish we luck . we be go for it . jack v/0 but -~= radio and slip it into the pack . they both again ... taylor we leave everything here ~ tent , bag ~- travel light -- we can be back here by tonight . harold right ! then ~ bit of luck - we be back at base by tomorrow night — ~- taylor and I bet you the goddam chopper have not even arrive by then ! harold we be go to do it Taylor ! taylor yeah ! except I think you say you do not trust I any more . harold that 's right . b89 taylor so ? harold I be work on it . taylor smile —- they do they '' Victory '' handshake ~- then start stripping tent etc out of they pack ... camp five establish harold & taylor , carry only the bare minimum equipment necessary for a day 's climb , set off up oe bs while malik shout into the radio in pakistani in the background , jack look through the telescope , and clayborn take up he usual position in the chair . he be look alert , but very ill . clayborn well ? jack yeah - I can see they . clayborn how close be they ? jack Close enough . they have get a shot at it . clayborn suddenly start coughing desperately - he see a speck of blood on he white glove - while malik shout even louder . clayborn I be sorry . the chopper come , we be not wait . it 's they risk . that 's it . harold 's face show he sheer exhaustion as he drag himself up a steep but negotiable ice slope . at this airless altitude , every slight movement be a tremendous act of will , and the whole exercise at this point be reduce to brute animal effort . just ahead of he , taylor rest , wait for he buddy to catch up . he look at he watch , then he look up at the summit , which do not look so very far away now . harold collapse beside he . taylor come on ! another coupla hour . harold oooo have mercy brother ! 90 taylor we leave the mercy behind with the gas-power piton H. ai not no mercy in the death Zone . harold I have got to rest ! taylor we rest on the summit . harold right ! Rest on the summit ! harold ram he face into the snow , gather the strength to carry on . but first he let out a desperate , defiant howl ... we watch the two colored figure drag themselves over yet another dangerous ice cornice at somewhere around 28000 foot , and somehow sense the almost surreal quality of this ridiculous endeavour ; we get the idea of two guy lock into some insane , self - impose ritual where a single false move will kill they ; where the best they can hope for be just to survive , a mere few hundred foot above they , the pristine white summit dazzle in the clear , strong sunlight ... the final slog up to the summit be not technically difficult , but it definitely present a challenge to the will . both man be now at the end of they reserve of strength , and trudge slow motion up the steep slope as though they wear lead shoe in some dream , harold pause and look at the incredible view ; he imagine he can see the whole himalaya laid out around he . then he look up at the summit just above they ~ and he know for the first time with certainty that they be go to make it . just ahead of he , taylor fall to he knee for a moment 's respite . harold slowly catch up to he ... harold _ Taylor ! we be gonna do it ! taylor yeah ! I know . harold come on ! ten foot more ! taylor look at the supreme sense of accomplishment on harold 's face , and know that this be harold 's Big moment on the mountain . harold have transcend himself . taylor you go on . I just ~-- harold no ! we rest on the summit ! 88_ : ext : the summit : day 88 taylor allow harold to haul he to he knee , and they stagger the last few foot to the summit , glove in glove , together . they embrace in exhaust ecstacy and collapse to the ground . harold oh man we do it ! we fuck do it ! taylor you do it H. you do it - and no one can ever take it away from you . they stand and turn slowly around , look at the view . it be later in the day than perhaps they have hope for ; the sun be already set behind angry cloud on the western horizon , and the windchill factor be high . harold take out he camera and take some picture ; then he get taylor to take several of he mugging at the exact high point of the mountain . then they prop up the camera on a pack frame , set the timer release , and take a picture of themselves together . while harold , still breathe heavily , continue to be lose in wonder , taylor get out the two - way radio : taylor hey ! summit party to base ! you still with we ? Jack ? the radio whine and splutter . finally : jack v/0 Taylor ! harold ! where be you ? taylor on top of the fuck world . that be the idea be not it ? except -~ we forget the flag ! jack v/0 congratulation ! hang on ~-- jack pass the radio to clayborn , still swathed in quilting and seat in he deckchair . he cough as he take the radio . clayborn Taylor ? Phillip here . congratulation ! 92 taylor v/o yeah . it 's a top spot - view be kinda like the one from you office . how you feel ? clayborn I feel like shit . I get to get off this mountain . taylor v/o I know what you mean . we hear about the chopper . clayborn we be hope tomorrow / day after . can you be down by tomorrow night ? taylor v/o we will wait here -- send the chopper up for we ! clayborn Taylor -~ I have to tell you : I be die . if you be not here , it will leave without you . taylor v/o whatever . here ~ speak to harold . clayborn harold ? harold v/o Phillip ! wish you be here ! clayborn if I be ten year young I would be . ~ harold v/0 no --~ it can happen to anyone . clayborn especially grandfather . Weil do harold . get you ass down here . move it ! he hand the radio back to jack . jack and watch the weather you guy . you be go to have a rough night up there . we will keep the line open , you need we . 93 the moody sunset be rapidly become obscure by black cloud as taylor & harold toast themselves with a hot brew . they seem very nonchalant , and not in any hurry ~- they be possibly suffer a little from high altitude '' everything be fabulous " euphoria . harold think about the next girl ? taylor I be think about the next mountain . harold let 's get off this one first . what 's the strategy ? as they pack up the stove etc and make ready for they descent : taylor the climb down be always the hardest part , you know ? after one last look at the summit , they turn and head on down the mountain . somehow they both know that this will be the hard part . the mountain : night . ol taylor & harold be slip down a ice slope in the dark when black cloud swallow the full moon - and second later , the snow STORM hit ! in second , visibility be drastically reduce , and so taylor gesture to harold that they should rope up . in they determination to travel light , they have only bring one short length of rope between they . when ready , they shout something to each other - the wind blow it away - and then they continue down . the storm only get worse . they fight they way along a narrow ridge , but the weather be beat they , and it be time to find shelter . down there ? a hundred foot further down , after a life -save belay by harold , taylor find a protect bank of snow big enough to allow a ice cave . they move to the face away from the worst of the wind , and dig into the soft snow frantically with they hand ... 92 : int : ice cave during STORM : night shelter by taylor , the stove catch alight . harold slam snow into they pot , and set it over the fire to meit ; the flame reveal the fear in they face . harold 's hand be shaking ... 94 taylor '' climb she while she sleep ! " harold uh huh - and this one 's wake up for a midnight snack . food ! taylor rummages in the pack , but all he come up with be four Trail mix bar and one pack of dry chicken soup . harold great ! I love to travel light ! taylor this be a picnic ! I lose twenty pound one trip ! harold you know -~ I be a bit worried ! taylor flick a look at he as he stir the snow - soup . taylor yeah -- maybe it be shaping up into a bit of a epic . harold grab the radio , shout into it ... but they get nothing but static ... harold a epic ? it 's already a near death experience ! taylor this the worst jam you ever be in ? harold yeah ! 7 taylor nothing 's happen yet ! harold two guy be dead and ---~ and we be circle at ten thousand foot over base Camp in a white - — out with one packet of chicken soup and no landing gear ! want I to go on ? taylor everything 's cool . we will make it . harold you be just as scared as I be . 95 taylor tf I be it would not tell you . harold you do not have to tell I . taylor fear be bullshit H. choke you to death . ignore it . we be go to get out of this . this storm x11 be over in a day or two --— harold we have get nothing to eat ! taylor do not need it . the stove splutter - and die . harold or drink . there 's no more fuel ! taylor simply huddle himself up nearest the hole and stare out into the storm ... taylor look at he watch : 9:37 am . twelve hour have pass and the two men have barely move . the STORM continue unabate .. , harold look at he watch : 4:46 pm . the wind have die right down , and although visibility be still poor , weather condition be altogether better . harold let 's go ! taylor gesture " okay " , and reach for the radio to call base . taylor hey ! base ! Jack ! ~-— fuck !! harold what 's up ? taylor Fucking batteries !! taylor hurl the now useless radio through the mouth of the cave , and then , without a further word , taylor zip up the pack , and they be out of there ... 96 24 ng_down the mountain 3 evening 0 the weather be only reasonable , and it be already almost dark when they come to the top of a ice cliff . harold be the more anxious and exhaust of the two , and as soon as they stop move , he tooth start chatter . taylor what do you think ? you want to bivouac here ? harold no . let 's do it , taylor rope up ? harold what 's the point ? never get a belay in this ice . taylor you feel all right ? harold come on Taylor ! let 's just do it , all right ? taylor shrug , and move to take the lead down the dangerous ice . crampon and axe digging desperately into the flaky ice , harold follow down just after taylor , who be climb faster and more confidently . harold close he eye , breathes hard , and put one foot in front of the other . each step , each movement be agony . half - way down , harold look below , to where taylor be even further ahead of he than before . fifty foot below taylor , there be a narrow snow - cover ledge , and below that , another yawn drop . the height make harold momentarily dizzy . taylor look up : taylor okay h ?!? harold okay ! taylor bad ice here . keep right ! harold yank out he axe , and stretch to he right , look for purchase in order to change the angle of he descent . his first attempt be too weak to penetrate the ice ; the second seem to hold . he test he weight on the axe , pull out he right crampon and stretch it across ... 97 pin to the wall by he leave boot and he right hand , harold have get himself strand ; he free right boot cannot find purchase , and he start to flail with it taylor look up , alert by the shower of ice chip from above . and just then harold start to panic ... harold taylor !!! taylor hang on ! come up ! taylor begin to get organize to go back up , when the point of harold be axe start to pull out of the ice and ---— harold fall ! grazing down the sheer wall of ice , he pass the appal taylor in a blur , and plummet to the snow ledge below . miraculously , harold stick on the ledge without go over it , but then he lie ominously still , one leg at a crazy angle . taylor crampon down the ice wall as fast as he possibly can .... taylor turn he friend 's head around --- and find a new and overwhelming fear in harold 's eye . he also immediately sense the extent of harold 's injury and fail , in the first moment that they eye meet , to disguise he certainty that harold be now doom to die on the mountain . taylor what be it ? you okay ? harold leg ! taylor ( touching h’s right leg ) this one ? ( harold scream ) can you bend it ? taylor shift harold 's leg very slightly ; harold scream again . taylor Broken huh ? harold nod he head through the shatter wave of pain . very gently , taylor open the sidezip on h 's mountain suit , and care ~ fully examine the leg ; even through the thermal underwear , we can tell that the leg be a complete shamble . harold scream some more during this operation , tear stream down he face ; then he go all calm ... taylor do not think the bone have come through the skin . 98 harold oh Cindy -- Cindy -~ taylor h! it 's I ! I be here ! harold I do not want to die . taylor who say anything about that ? this be go to mend fine -~ bone heal a whole lot better if the skin be not break , see ? harold you can make it . you can still make it , but you gotta go now ! taylor what be you talk about ? harold I be go to die , Taylor . taylor you be not go to die ! harold I can not walk . you can not carry I . we have not get enough rope to work anything with . taylor I ’711 go down and get some . harold Taylor -- nobody 's ever get a stretcher case off this mountain from so high up . never ! not even - with a whole team . taylor that 's what I x11 do - I 'il go down and get the other guy . harold Jack & malik ?!? they have never make it . they do - I have be dead by the time they get here anyway . harold fumble inside he jacket - and pull out he wedding ring . he snap the cord , and hand the ring to taylor . taylor what be you do ? 99 harold give this to Cindy . tell she -- God I dunno -- tell she I love she . and I be sorry . taylor tell she yourself ! harold Taylor I be dead meat . I can not move ! now get out of here ! taylor I be not go to do that ! harold you just go to sit here and die with I ? bulishit ! taylor you know what you be ask I to do ? be that you twisted fuckun 's idea of revenge ? harold no no no no --- taylor yes yes yes yes ! every lousy minute of every stinking day ! I gotta be the selfish rat fuck who leave he noble buddy to die . well forget it ! not guilty ! harold you never have a problem with be selfish before Taylor - it 's practically you religion ! why the hell do you have to make such a big deal out of it now ? taylor why ? why do you think I do mountain ? huh ? you get the wife and the kid and the nice job in medical research -~~ that 's great ~~ but what have I get ? my whole life be about I , my work be all about save asshole from jail - so I come to place like this ~ with you ~ to try and find a little grace , you know ? I do not want to be seifish all my life . baddahhh ! meet the flip side of Taylor tarantino ! I want some nobility god damn it - and you - my very very best friend - want to take that possibility away from I for ever ! 100 harold you want nobility ? you want grace ? go back ! taylor i_am not go back to spend fifty year with the fact that I left my buddy to die on some goddam mountain ! now harold fumble in the pack , and produce he camera . harold you be really my friend Taylor , that 's exactly what you have get to do ! I want you to look after my son ! I want you to give he this ~ tell he I make it - tell he what a big fuck hero I be . tell he how {f die , and tell he how much I love he -~- that 's what I want , and then I will have it all . we can both have it all Taylor , if you just -- go back . please ~-~ they eye meet for a moment of truth , and then taylor 's eye be straying down the mountain . after a long and silent conversation : taylor you be a prince , H. harold turn he head away , smile to himself mysteriously . taylor what ? harold nothing . taylor what ?? harold fuck Prince ! you be the bear survivor Taylor . that 's what I always admire about you . taylor because I be a ruthless shit you admire I ?!! harold there 's some destiny thing about single - minded people that we bear loser find very compelling . 101 taylor you be not a loser ! harold I get everything I want — but I have to give up everything to get it . be that win ? meanwhile taylor be stripping every superfluous thing he do not need off he body to reduce the weight ; he leave the pack with harold , and even take off he watch - we see it say : 6:47 pm , he offer it to harold , who refuse it . harold how long have I get ? taylor sniff the weather , and shrug . taylor how long have I get ? harold take off he own watch and throw it into the storm . it land not far along the ledge . taylor do the same with he watch , and then they embrace .... taylor I love you H. harold I know . and teach Eric to climb good , will ya ? taylor drive one of he last piton into some healthy ice taylor I 'il take good care of Eric . harold Eric -- and Cindy ! 7 taylor oh Jesus ! will you stop it ! harold yeah ~- guess I better . I will tell you the rest in heaven . taylor you ’11l have to write I a letter , ' 'co I ’1ll be in hell . they stare into each other 's eye for a long , last farewell moment , they eye mirror each other 's pain , but also each other 's soul ; they have at last share some deep , primal under — stand . and then taylor drop over the ledge and be go , 102 harold lie back down and watch taylor's rope tense and twang as he abseil down the face below . moment later , once taylor have reach bottom , he release and pull the rope down after he . cu : the end of the rope as it zip through the piton and silently disappear over the ledge . harold be now totally , utterly alone . jack enter clayborn' tent ; the sick man stir in he sleep bag ; we see he frosty breath as thin spindrift of steam . jack Phillip ! you awake ? clayborn uh ? what be it ? jack chopper '11 be here tomorrow . clayborn thank God ! what about Taylor ? jack have not hear anything for over twenty - four hour . clayborn nothing ? jack do not look good I be afraid . clayborn absorb this new blow , and simply turn he head away . 26_i_ext_i taylor's descent : night 8 ts 8g although a cruel wind whip taylor 's face , the sky be at least partly clear , and a full moon mock he effort to find the best line of descent . starve and totally exhaust , he trip , falis , and swear violently as he tumble down a snow slope ... taylor come to rest and lie still for a moment , stare up at the moon . then he eye close ; it would be so much easier to forget the whole thing and just .. , . go to sleep . snow blow across he face , flake already settling in the hollow ... 103 o72 ext } harold 's ledge : night ts harold lie back stare at the moon , singing to himself to take he mind off he pain , and the hover prospect of he grim death . he stare too at the watch , just out of reach along the ledge , which tick off the remain minute of he existence , 9b taylor 's eye pop open ; he shout something to himself , haul himself to he foot , and start slamm one boot in front of the other , front - point down yet another moonlight - drench ice face with alarming bravado . talking as if to a woman : taylor come on baby ! you let I climb up you ~~ let I climb off ya . that 's it -- that 's my girl -~ I want you so bad baby ~~ too bad , you know -- and you be the best I ever have -~ so let 's not spoil it now , huh ? qooo00 I can smeli yooooou , you evil fuckun 's bitch ~~ I can not see you , but I can sure as hell smell you . 29_i ext : on the mountain : night _ ~ id snow blow off a luminous watchface , which be ona man 's wrist . the time be 1:12 am . harold 's frost eye be close as he lie still . he be still singing , but -- only just , as he tooth be chatter too hard , nearby , the watch continue to count the second ... 101 a beard of cloud blow across the full moon as taylor slither down a iced granite face . his face be bleed , he knee bruise . he land on a apparent ridge of snow , turn and move towards the edge to inspect the drop ... the crust give way without warning as taylor approach the edge and he slide over it , slowly at first , as though in a control glide . but then he do gather speed , and he have no control whatsoever . at one moment he be fall freely through space ... 104 and then he fall be abruptly break ! he lie very still on soft snow , he eye close . a snowflake staunches the fresh blood on he face ... taylor 's hand grip the rope that break he fall . his finger move , he eye open . he pull the rope , which zip out of the new snow towards the other end of the ledge . taylor stagger up and haul himself along the rope , at the other end of which be nee a partly snow - cover dallas woolf , decease . his left hand be freeze in the grip of death around the other end of the rope . and on he wrist , the luminous - face watchface ( scene 99 ) say : 1:23 am taylor be look for you , snowman . dallas 's expression be a freeze moment of illuminate outrage that he too should be subject to the law of nature . taylor 's finger prod the brittle arc of he proud blue patrician nose . taylor switch on dallas 's head lamp =~ it blind he ! he laugh . taylor no offence - I would piss on you grave — but I have for sure freeze my dick off do it , know what I mean ? dallas be freeze upright against the wall so that taylor have to rip he off the ice like a strip of velcro in order to get at the coil of rope on the dead man 's shoulder ... taylor yes Virginia , there be a Santa Claus ~~~ now taylor can also reach dallas 's pack harness . he manage with difficulty to remove the pack from the freeze corpse , now lie on the ground , then start inspect the content ... taylor and this year he 's bring you -~- a oxygen cylinder ! just what I need ! ( he take a hit ) meat bar ! you should not have ! ( he take a bite ) a rocket flare ! for the boy who have everything ! taylor stuff the flare and a number of other useful item back into the pack . still rummage : taylor where 's the goddam radio ? Jesus ! the one thing I actually asked for ! always think Santa suck ! 105 finish pack , taylor stare down again at dallas 's freeze face taylor I do not exactly know why I hate you so much , but I sure as hell do , snowman . probably cos you do not trust I . finally , taylor remove dallas 's ice axe which be still attach to dallas 's right hand . he study it for a moment ... taylor you think I be a low - life , huh ? I leave harold to die , so 's I can go back to knock off he widow ! except you do not even believe I can get off this mountain , do you ? taylor , wear dallas 's head - lamped helmet , have by now don the pack , and make ready to go . he look again at the second ice axe in he hand , decide he do not need it , and bury the handle in the snow near dallas 's head to form a crude erucifix . taylor News flash woolf : I be go to have it all . see you in hell ! taylor turn away , and look out over the edge of the ledge - ~-- down the slippery white moon - light slope to safety below . cu : harold watch tick off the second by now harold be almost delirious —- and almost freeze to he ledge ; the only movement we see be in he vapidly flicker eye then he hear it — a voice - a distant , urgent voice ~ and it 's talk to he - he 's suddenly sure of it ! harold Pov : stand before he on the ledge , a large blurred shape ~ almost like the shape of a man — and it have something like a axe in its hand , raise aloft , as if to strike he . harold no ! taylor no ? this be Santa Claus baby . tell you what -- I will give you miss mammogram for Xmas -- if you just fuckun 's snap out of it and talk to I man ! 106 harold Taylor ?!! be that you ?!! taylor ( ripping he goggle off ) sorry to disappoint you Virginia , harold what 's happen ? taylor kneel to supply harold with liquid and comfort taylor New plan ! altere situation assessment ! harold actually --~ I be kinda glad you show up . taylor yeah ? why 's that ? hargld I have just absolutely definitely decide that I do not want to die up here . taylor that 's what I want to hear ! harold yeah -- see I think -~ there 's two billion guy on the planet - and any one of they have take better care of Cindy than you would . meanwhile taylor be apply oxygen , more liquid and meat bar to harold 's face , as well as uncoil rope , repack the other pack , and strip down the frame of the new one to make a basket - brace for harold leg , which taylor now prod : taylor feel anything ? harold not really . what 's that mean ? now taylor theatrically produce a big knife ; jokingly : taylor means gangrene and I have gotta cut it off . now . save we both a lot of trouble later , dig ? 107 harold I think Cindy be kind of into the idea of she husband come home with two leg , you know ? they do they " Victory " handshake , and then taylor clip a rope through harold 's harness . while he strap the dead leg into its brace , and harold wince in newly revive pain , taylor produce a beautifully thin flask . taylor drink ! ' cos this be gonna hurt like hell . harold what be it ? taylor Xmas present from Dallas . morphine base . harold this be not -- ouch ! -- like you Taylor . pain mitigation ? taylor must be go all new - fangle in my old age . you should see some of the other trick I get in here . now ~~ listen up : we get rope for a three hundred foot lower . what we be gonna do be --~ 103 : ext / int : clayborn 's tent : dawn while malik kneel outside perform he dawn prayer , jack stalk around he and burst into the alert clayborn 's tent : jack chopper 's on its way up ! clayborn any word from Taylor ? jack nothing . it 's be two day now , clayborn ponder this provocative news . , . clayborn we will give he two more hour . two hour ! understood ? 108 104_ : ext : taylor lowering harold : dawn 104 the roped harold ~ a ice axe strapped to each wrist — bounce down a iced rock face at a control but harrowing pace . every time he damage leg make contact with rock - ie often — pain crack through he synapse like high country lightning . the pace slow , then stop . harold grimly hobble himself onto a firm foot , and tug the rope to signal that he be in position . cu : the exhaust but hopeful harold . at the top of the rope : taylor break the belay and rapidly solos down after it . the wind be stronger again ... taylor arrive above the wait harold , then manoeuvre himself down beside he . red sky in the Morning , harold 's warning . taylor ( furiously recoiling rope ) okay ?!? harold okay ! it 's hold ! taylor wish we have some radio ! harold ( nodding & pointing ) weather ! taylor ( shrug ) ready to go again ? harold immediately - and bravely - ready himself . taylor take out a gas - powered piton , and fire it into the rock . taylor ~ ( clipping onto the piton ) last one . what the hell ! ( he take the strain ) go ! harold fall into space , and we watch nylon rope burn hot through taylor be clench glove ... before all the rope have run out harold be lower over a hanging precipice . dangle on the rope , he cannot touch the ice slope , which be just out of reach , to get any purchase . below he : the slope run steeply away for some distance , after which it abruptly disappear into a giant crevasse . 109 harold ( scream into the wind ) taylor ! pull I back ! at the top of the rope : taylor hang desperately onto the belay , shout hopelessly : taylor what the hell 's happen h? can you hear I ? you stick ? below : harold continue to twist in the wind , shout vainly --~ taylor be find it hard to maintain he foothold and keep a grip of the rope at the same time ... taylor harold ! ! Jesus -- I can not hold ~~~ I be lose it !! harold hang desperately on , flail with he good leg to try to swing himself across to the slope . even at the great extent of he arc , he be miss by at least a foot , taylor meanwhile be about to fall ; he simply cannot maintain he position and take the pressure on the rope any longer . he be work on the rope with the knife ... taylor h man -- you be there -~ believe I -- there 's no other way . I be gonna cut the rope -- have to --~ below : the rope twang , and harold suddenly drop like a stone onto the ice slope ten foot below he ! slide faster and faster , harold scream , both arm furiously flail axe ... above he : taylor breathes a huge sigh of relief as he immediate fate be secure . he brace himself and start coiling up the rope , methodically count for length as he do so .... taylor shin down the slope , count distance as he go .... taylor arrive somewhere above the crevasse , and stare at it in disbelief . taylor Jesus no ! he move as close as he dare to the edge , and shout into it : taylor harold ! harold jamison ! 110 the wind alone make it hopeless . and then a miniature avalanche trickle past taylor on he right , and this make he look up for more trouble . instead , suspend above he , he see : inert harold , crucify on the slope , arm hang from he two axe , which he have miraculously manage to drive into the snow ! taylor Jesus yes !! harold !! taylor race up the slope to reach harold ... when taylor reach harold , he find he virtually unconscious . taylor produce oxygen , and apply the mask to harold face , then taylor unhook the daze harold , make he secure on the slope , and force he to drink . taylor open you eye ! harold ( very faintly ) what happen ? taylor I cut the rope . have to . tell you later . now ~~ first - stay awake ! harold huh ? taylor wake up ! talk to I ! ~ harold I be cold . can not feel my leg . taylor ( lying ) good ! that 's a good sign H. now ! different move , okay ? around the crevasse -— there - short pitch -~ I lead . ready ? now ! taylor be already ten foot away , luring harold to follow he down taylor that 's right -~ good man ! now the other one --- ack & malik 's tent / glacier i day :_ 105 , the tent be empty ~ because jack & malik be outside watch the helicopter landing ---~ 106_ : ext_ : harold & taylor's descen ' 2-day 0 106 harold go first again on another long lower . it proceed quickly and smoothly , but this be more due to the easier terrain than to he state ; he be delirious , and seem almost not to know where he be . finally , harold come to rest on a soft ~ snow ledge , and almost unconsciously signal by tug on the rope . he now collapse onto he good side to rest , and he eye have close even before he head have touch the pillow ... taylor reach he , but can barely get harold to open he eye . he reach into the pack for a secret weapon : a syringe full of adrenaline . taylor not now h ! we be nearly there ! it can not be too far now -— ~ I mean -- I dunno exactly where the hell we be but -- h! hey ! taylor inject the adrenaline into he friend 's neck , and harold immediately open he eye wide . he look both astonished , and as though he do not know where he be . harold hey ! taylor hey ! harold weakly do the Victory handshake , and then oh-so- wearily prepare himself for another excruciate lower , while taylor just as wearily brace himself to take the weight malik stand beside the helicopter shout something in to the military pilot . also shouting over the windblast : jack come on ! we go or not ? jack look at clayborn , slump ready for takeoff in he chair . now malik be shout again to the pilot , and the pilot replies . jack well ? malik I just ask he how much fuel we have to look for Taylor and harold . 112 jack what ? you be out of you mind ! Phillip 's almost unconscious here . we be leave now ! malik we must make just one pass . jack negative ! you want we all to get kill ? malik but they might still be alive ! jack not where we can get to they . now come on ~ give I a hand ! 108 : ext : harold & T. they be on a easier slope now , one cover by fairly deep snow . harold crawl on he hand and knee , while taylor sometimes do the same , sometimes manage to stagger on he foot . they be roped together again now , although the effect be more symbolic than practical . sometimes taylor lead , drag harold along , and sometimes the other way round . but harold be injury mean that inevitably he be the weaker , and he be show definite sign of lose the fight . eventually taylor start throw some thing out of he pack , stuff other into zip - flap of he mountain suit . then he begin to fashion a kind of sledge out of the larger pack frame , to which he lash harold 's body . 109 : ext : base camp : Day a 09 malik be still argue with jack , who be feed clayborn oxygen . the helicopter wait , but the pilot be look very impatient ... jack we can 't wait . the weather 's close in -- chopper do not leave now , it never will . malik then we fly one pass — just up there . one only . we must just have a look ! I owe that man my life ! my God will never forgive I if I do not try to save he . 113 jack if they be within reach we could see they from here . if they be still alive - if ~ they have probably come down on the other side of the mountain , which be in China ! malik the pilot be good . he will make the attempt . jack yes ! he will make the attempt to get the three of we out of here while we have still get a chance . malik ten minute only ! jack no ! it 's too dangerous . clayborn open he eye ; he understand what be go on . malik Mr clayborn ! they climb the mountain for you ! you can not leave they to die without one look ! clayborn cough , but decline to add he weight to malik 's cause . malik do you want to live with four death on you account ? jack help I get he into the chopper ! or else you 'il have one on yours ! malik shout something further to the pilot , then : malik I will make a official report . this will be the last american party to k2 . ever ! jack ( try to move clayborn himself ) for God 's sake help I ! malik help they first ! we must ! jack throw a desperate look at the mountain ; wisp of dark cloud be already beginning to bury it ... then jack look at the helicopter pilot , who jump down to help with the stretcher . 114 as clayborn be be load into the chopper : malik mr clayborn !!! jack get out of the way ! clayborn ( croakily ) malik ~ please ! face it . they be dead ! cu : the pilot press the ignition button , and the engine fire ! 110 : ext : harold & taylor 's descent day below they , there be a easier sweep of crust snow . as a new front of ominous cloud begin to dirty the sky , taylor begin to laboriously drag harold sledge down across the brilliant slope . taylor tug harold along , ever more slowly . his foot sink deeper now into the snow , and the black cloud be racing closer .... aerial shot : taylor & harold be tiny , insignificant figure on the great white expanse of the lower reach of the mountain . taylor be still bravely haul the sledge , but he movement be jerky now , he speech slur . on the sledge : harold be unconscious ~ or possibly even dead . at one point taylor stop , turn , and trudge back to check on he : taylor h! c’mon ! we be nearly there ~- I can feel it ! know what I think ? we have come down on the _ chinese side -~ yeah ~~ we will come around this next corner ~~ there 'il be some nice old monastery -- taoist monk -~ or nun ! yeah ! hundred -~ of eraze young tantric priestess ! they 's 11 suck you dick ' till you ear bleed , you still get one . harold 's Pov : everything be blurred , brilliant milky whiteness . taylor 's voice echoes , at once intimate and distant , close and recede : taylor v/o still here h? just give I a sign willya ? I have to know you be still here --- hey ! 115 lot the helicopter move off down the glacier , away from the mountain malik sit smolder beside the pilot while jack administer oxygen to clayborn . malik stick he head out the window to see k2 be leave behind in the distance .. , malik now stare at the pilot ~ and at the pistol hang from he belt . without further warning malik snatch the pistol , wave it at the pilot' head , and shout something in urdu . cu : clayborn 's furious expression as he start to cough again . taylor kneel over harold , who remain totally inert . he listen for sign of he buddy 's breath , but the wind make it impossible to hear anything . then taylor look up ... the cloud be just threaten to engulf they completely , when : taylor ( listening keenly ) h! listen ! what 's that noise ? taylor strain to see through the gather mist ; something , some - where be make a mysterious background throbbing noise . taylor h! what would I teil ya ? huh ? wake up for chrissake ! he dive int the pack - produce the rocket flare - and fire it . immediately a pink fluorescent flash illuminate the slope . and then , around the crest of the ridge just to they right , the helicopter suddenly loom into view , engine scream at its absolute altitude limit . helicopter Pov : taylor dance and point and wave like a man possess . harold lie still , eye close , no reaction . malik v/0 there ! there !! taylor !!! harold ! !!! taylor be blow over as the chopper move directly overhead , the dirty air drive great cloud of snow away from the two figure . 116 on board the chopper : malik make ready to lower a sling ... taylor h! come on ! wé fuckun 's did it ! we can have it all h - we can really truly both have it all - if you stop be so goddam stubborn for one moment ! come on h ~~ all I be ask for be one ~= little ~~ heart -- beat ! cu : harold , as the windblast batter he face , blow frost from he eyebrow , he eyelash , taylor scream right into he ear . and harold open he eye ! taylor whoops , unlash harold from the sledge , and drag he to he foot . support harold with one arm taylor use he other to grab harold 's , and raise it in a two -hande victory salute . the two tiny colored figure just manage to stand upright in the enormous windlash white landscape ... roll end title ~-— November 28 , 1989 .