kafka by lem dobb prague - morning the Old town be quiet . it 's very early in the twisted street of this ancient ghetto . Dark corner casting a medieval spell over a modern century oblivious to they romance and mystery . the River be the divide line . elegant garden on the opposite bank embrace the monotonous solemnity of the New town , tower steeples silhouett against the sombre sky . a empty motor bus rattles along a desert street . a gothic bridge link the two halve of the strange city . its half - moon arch become circle as they meet they reflection in the water . thin mist swirl over the cobblestone above . a few boat in the water . fisherman casting they line in silence . one or two light now burn in building beyond . in the Old town Square the great clock on the cathedral strike six . CUT : a man' face his eye fill with terror , bead of sweat crawl on he brow . he stand in the middle of a murky courtyard , perfectly still . wait . watch . the balcony overlook on successive floor , loom all around he , be empty . all be quiet . the man 's name be eduard . he dare not move for fear of miss a single sound . and then he hear it . a small noise of movement nearby . he run . tiny alleyway he run alone in the dim light of the desert morning . crooked passageway running for he life . narrow lane running on sheer pump fear , long after the verge of collapse . black tunnel come out into the light , but by no mean out of danger , he allow himself a brief pause , gasp for air , just for a moment look back into the gloom , start to retreat again even as he do , then turn run ... winding STREET he run on , past board - up house and shutter inn , strange relic of the Middle Ages casting frightening shadow . around a corner eduard appear suddenly , quickly flatten himself back against the large notice board that cover the wall here , layer of expressionistic theatre and film poster paste on it . he breathes painfully in short burst , as silently as he can . he watch the corner he 's just come from , the ornate archway through which any pursuer must emerge . nothing there . but then a shadow move . eduard 's shoulder tense . his eye widen . he hold he breath . the shadow ... spread ... eduard edge away ever so slowly , keep he unblink gaze on the archway , back off , one arm brush the notice board as he feel he way along it , macabre image on the poster , some tear and incomplete , revealing other fragment behind , eduard 's eye stare constant , no noise here at all and -- a hand ! clamp over he face from behind . all of a sudden and out of absolutely nowhere and not a thing he can do about it . but he try , he hand come up to grip the arm that grasp he , a arm of iron . the hand be huge . it cover eduard 's face almost entirely , only one eye gape bloodshot through the finger , ghastly finger that , just for a second , seem almost inhuman , perhaps even finger that seem incompatible on the same hand , a hand cover in scar tissue , start to squeeze as it pull eduard swiftly away . CUT : a row of typewriter - day clackete incessantly under slightly more agile and refine finger . Beyond this , another row of desk . and beyond that another , the office worker in they neat suit tapping away . and beyond that another , at which one worker scribbles furiously at he figure , the next roll a new sheet into he typewriter , the next answer he clanging telephone , the next rifle through the page of a massive record book , the next sit erect in he chair play he machine like a piano , and the last , by the window , dusty light stream across he , contemplatively tap the end of a pencil onto he desk . this be kafka . a rather tall young man with a kind , sensitive face . sensitive perhaps because he eye , ear , and nose seem slightly bigger and more inquire than most , and he gaze one of almost unrelent intensity . he 's look off at something now . a desk , not very far from he own . but empty . the chair push squarely under it . the typewriter cover . kafka be wonder why -- when he concentration be interrupt . burgel kafka . kafka turn to see burgel , a creep . burgel the keeper of the file be still wait for you final summation of the erlanger claim . kafka I give it to he yesterday . burgel ( do not understand ) you do not give it to I . kafka no , I leave it in he office . burgel do you see he ? kafka I have never see he . I do not believe there be a keeper of the file . burgel he 's usually in the storage room sorting thing out . he can not close the file on a case until he have the conclude report . kafka he have it , he just have not notice it yet , all right ? burgel who 's to say he ever will ? he 's a timid old man and quite careful not to tread on anyone 's toe -- in fact , I be the only one he trust and he would not even look at a document if it do not first come through I . burgel just will not go away . kafka try to get on with he work . burgel in a organization as efficient as ours , if a document once in a great while get lose it might never be find at all . kafka ( tiring of this ) burgel , I think it would be easier , as long as I be pass -- burgel but I be the messenger . a error like this damage my credibility . kafka you credibility -- yes , it 's well know . burgel ( flushed ) when I deliver a message the very act of deliver it , you might say , give it a official stamp , and only in this way be both the sender and the receiver satisfied that it be deliver at all . kafka I will commit that to memory . they stare at each other with mutual antagonism . burgel you position in this firm be not unassailable . he waddle away . kafka have one more look over at the empty desk before return to he work . the office the desk make a checkerboard pattern of the huge floor as burgel calculate he path among they . CUT : lodging house - midday kafka come up the stair to the top landing . he knock on a door . wait . knock again . leans a little closer to listen for a moment , then go away back down the stair . ground floor kafka come through the door that divide the stair from the hall , go to knock on the door of the first apartment down here . bizarre voice yes ? kafka I be sorry to disturb you -- I wonder if you know where my friend eduard be ? bizarre voice I can not hear you ! -- you would better come in . apartment kafka come in tentatively , see the concierge in a far corner of the cluttere room , in bed , cover tuck right up to she chin . kafka -- I do not want to bother you . concierge well , you have . what do you want ? kafka ( point upstairs ) my friend eduard , I wonder if you have see he ? he have not be in to work , I think he might be ill . CUT : stair the concierge trudge up to the top floor , kafka follow guiltily . kafka you do not have to get out of bed -- I could have take the key . concierge yes , I be sure you could . she treat he like dirt . eduard' room the door unlock and the two of they come in . kafka go to open the window curtain . he turn around to see the concierge already poke about in drawer . he ignore she and look around the room on he own . eduard be not here . nothing else seem out of place . he wonder instead how he can dissuade the concierge from she unbelievable snooping . kafka well , he 's not here . the concierge take a tie from one of the drawer and model it over she own ample chest . kafka do you think you ought to do that ? she look at he indignantly . concierge the manners of a tramp ! it 's my house , be not it ? CUT : office - afternoon kafka be in another section of the building , find he way through a department he 's vaguely unfamiliar with . he search out a particular person -- a strikingly beautiful woman with flame hair and wild eye . kafka miss rossmann ? gabriela look around from a file cabinet . kafka I be kafka -- I work upstairs in Accident -- gabriela I know . kafka you be a friend of eduard raban 's . gabriela why would you suppose so ? kafka oh -- well , I think he once mention -- gabriela ( shut file cabinet ) one of you must be mistaken . he follow she to a counter where someone stamp the document she thrust forward without even glance at she or it . kafka I be sorry , but I just wonder -- gabriela ( brush past he ) Excuse I , I have to copy this for Central dockete by 2:30 . kafka watch she go -- then notice some smarmy young clerk giggle over what they suppose be a romantic rebuff . CUT : kafka' department burgel see kafka come back in toward he desk , immediately walk to intersect he . burgel you be late -- I know it would happen one day . kafka ignore he utterly , leave burgel stand clutching he file with a sour expression . kafka pause at eduard 's desk , still untouched , then continue on to he own . office of the chief clerk partitioned off from the rest , but commanding a full view of all . through the glass window the chief clerk , a stern - look fellow , notice kafka and take he watch out of he pocket for a look . CUT : the office bell - evening ring , signal the end of the work day . the office worker clear they desk , start to leave . office stairwell the office worker stream down the stair that wind around a central elevator shaft , the gated elevator grind upwards at the same time . when kafka reach the ground floor he pass a pair of senior partner confer together -- and do a double - take when he hear he name mention -- then see the two man shake hand conclusively and turn away . kafka continue walk away himself , worried about he future . outside the office worker pour out of the building , all go in different direction . Three of they get jamme in the doorway , untangle themselves , and kafka be the next to emerge . CUT : the continental coffee house - night a lively place , crowded with chatter , smoking , argue student , poet , painter ... kafka join a group of friend . it 's clear that this be a regular gather and , from they warm reception , consider incomplete without he . margarete -- this be we friend Anna who work with we on the magazine . kafka hello . anna I have be hearing all about you . kafka cringe . ernst do not worry , kafka -- I champion you virtue . kafka I would like to hear they . julius Anna 's new to the city -- we would not frighten she needlessly . kafka I have live all my life in this city -- it frighten I . as it draw I closer into its web . stella -- this be a ancient lament . kafka no , but do you realize why ? -- it have no present . anna -- I be hope to live in the Old Quarter . kafka even the so-called New town be not so new . only the people . people of the future live in building of the past . ( abruptly ) have anyone see eduard ? margarete who ? my friend eduard from the office -- I have bring he here lot of time -- you use to marvel at he travel storey . julius oh , he . kafka what d' you mean , oh he ? he 's a perfectly nice person , he 's never miss a day before . ernst perhaps he 's take up with that travel player you two be so fond of . kafka no , it 's I who always want to run away with they -- except that that life would be far too hectic for I . I be worried about he , no one 's see he . stella have not you ever call in sick and go roam about , free of responsibility to anyone , if only for a day ? kafka when you work for a medical firm you can not call in sick . they know malingerer like a dog know fleas . anna you work in the insurance department ? kafka you have be hearing the sordid side then . margarete be pleased -- you constantly inspire people to take a interest in you life . anna I should think it 's very interesting work . kafka shrug shyly . kafka my father always say I have no ambition . CUT : near the front door - later smoke heavier in the air , the coffee house more crowded with strange group of character . kafka and he friend prepare to leave . stella the cabaret will be pack this time of night -- we will never get in . julius well , it have to be the cabaret because there 's nowhere else to go . margaret Home , I think . julius Home ? margaret ( head on Ernst 's shoulder ) you know I can not stay up late . voice Home be the last resort -- bizzlebek the owner of the voice . a man sit at the bar nearby , turn on he stool to face they . a dissipate dandy of a man . ernst ( introduce he ) -- do you know bizzlebek -- the gravedigger ? bizzlebek stonecutter , if you please . margarete sculptor , if only he would admit it . bizzlebek no one should admit be a artist unless they be pay for it . if you go to the cabaret mention my name -- they will find a table for you . turn round again . ernst bizzlebek have way and mean deny lesser mortal . it come from work in the cemetery all day -- he 's able to transcent the physical world . bizz1ebek turn round again , with a bored sign . bizzlebek no -- it only make I view people dispassionately as so many ... slab . he look about , characterize various coffee house type : bizzlebek quartz ... slate ... gravel ... granite ... flint ... ( and then ) marble . it 's gabriela from the office . kafka be surprised to see she , instinctively walk over to where she 's sit at a far table . julius my God , look , he 's march forward willingly to make human contact . Anna smile . she 's interested in kafka . ( which mean we must see this warm attractive girl as a threat , a curse , a trap ! ) gabriela -- on the other hand , be a enticement . kafka can not help walk towards she . sitting with she own friend , though there be something less than friendly about they . two man , two woman . gabriela ( as kafka come over ) hello again . kafka I have never see you here before . gabriela have you look ? kafka feel as awkward as she know he feel . he look to she friend , expect a introduction , but no one make a move . kafka well -- nice to know life exist outside the office . gabriela ( ironic ) yes . kafka nod goodbye and walk away , berate himself for banality . CUT : outside - night kafka resist go along with the other . kafka no , really , I have to go home too . margarete we be keep he from he true vocation . julius I know , he consist of write . we would not be he friend if we do not threaten he solitude ! julius be a little drunk . the other help he with he coat . anna have a private moment with kafka . anna where do you live ? kafka up there . he gesture in the direction of the River , and the castle that loom on a far hill beyond , huge and brood , regally dominate the city . anna I try find a place on Castle Hill when I arrive . I want to share the majesty . ( the majesty of marriage be what he fear she represent . this innocent scene could very well be a subjective kafkaesque nightmare as sinister in its own way as any of the more outright horrific scene to come . ) kafka it 's only majestic from here . when you get closer you see it for what it really be . anna what be it really ? kafka a glorify office block . they keep all the old record there -- the final rest place for fact and figure that have cease to matter in the world of the live . anna well , as long as I admire it from afar it should not worry I if it 's hollow . ( the castle of marriage tempt he -- but would suffocate he . ) kafka it 's more than hollow . it 's stillborn . for all its size it serve no purpose . it 's just there -- like death -- hover over a breathe city . the other turn back into the picture . margarete pat kafka sympathetically . margarete do not worry about you friend -- I be sure he will turn up . ernst ( a parting word ) what be you work on , kafka ? kafka I be write a story about a man who wake up one morning to find himself transformed into a giant insect . his friend glance at each other surreptitiously and do not know what to say -- other than goodnight kafka turn to go -- when he notice bizzlebek lean listlessly in the coffee house doorway . a figure in the shadow . bizzlebek I have read you storey . they be fantastic . kafka ( not sure if he believe he ) I do not know what you could have read . bizzlebek just what you have publish . kafka -- in magazine nobody read . bizzlebek I read the one about the penal colony . kafka ( cautious ) do you ? bizzlebek the needle inscribe the judgement into the flesh of the man . ( look impressed ) very good . kafka suspect he 's be mock . but perhaps not . bizzlebek step out , buttone he coat . bizzlebek if I could sculpt as well as that , I would be quite proud of myself . he 's already quite proud of himself -- toss he scarf over he shoulder with a flourish -- and stride off into the night . CUT : the castle - night see from just below , from the ancient cemetery that border its high , impregnable , imperial wall . the all - see - eye of the city . a awesome edifice . the bridge over the river kafka walk across from the Old Quarter toward the New town . he pass some work - class type who seem vaguely threaten . do they mutter some remark behind he back ? CUT : alchemist ' row - night a bizarre street . tiny little house that look fashioned by a toymaker , all bunched tightly next to each other , form a continuous rooftop of odd configuration and angle and point chimney . the street name after practitioner of the black art and dark science who inhabit it in the sixteenth century . kafka 's house be toward the back , a light shine from the single upper window . through it , kafka be see sit at the only desk that really matter to he -- he write one . kafka' room he 's struggle to get a sentence right -- reread it to himself . kafka " as gregor samsa awoke one morning from disturbing dream he ... from unsettle dream ... uneasy dream ... gregor samsa ... gregor ...? " ( wonder ) carl. George . Rudolf ... suddenly there 's a loud knock on the front door below . downstair kafka open the tiny front door of this almost- miniature little house . two intimidating men stand outside , one tall , one short , wear similar black suit and grim expression . CUT : another door - night kafka try to match the exact pace of he two warder , flanking he as they walk he along a corridor , through another doorway . morgue kafka tug he collar up a bit , he breath visible in the air . he have a feel what 's go to be under the sheet on the lonely trolley in the middle of the room before the first man summon he over to it . kafka go . the first man yank the sheet off the face in one quick movement . the face of eduard . White and bloat , the tongue jutting , the eye bulg . kafka recoil , step back instinctively . second man ( still behind kafka at the door ) you know he ? kafka ... yes . first man his name be eduard raban ? kafka ... yes . and now he hear a stir in a dark corner . he look up again . a third man step out of the shadow where he 's be quietly stand and walk over to kafka . he be a severe man , stolid , dedicated , and never smile . he remind kafka of he father . man ( with a introductory nod ) Inspector grubach . CUT : inspector' office - night the Inspector behind he big desk . kafka in front of it . inspector kafka -- be that you real name ? kafka yes . yes , of course -- why would not it be ? inspector when be the last time you see Mr. raban ? kafka Wednesday . we leave the office together . inspector do you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps ? kafka no , we say goodbye outside the building . he go off , as usual , toward he house . inspector ( consulting papers ) you office be the Workmen 's -- kafka -- Accident and compensation Association . inspector where you have be employ for seven year . kafka eight -- and seven month . inspector engage in the manufacture and distribution of ... pill and so forth . kafka well -- other department be , yes . inspector would you describe you relationship with the dead man as close ? kafka yes . since he come to the office , almost three year ago , we have be quite good friend . ( pause ) how be eduard ... inspector he be find in the River . could he swim ? kafka I do not know . inspector be he depressed ? kafka no . he do not seem to be . do you think he drown himself ? inspector grown man do not normally fall into the river , do they ? kafka no , I suppose not . inspector ( close the file ) he might have have a drink or two , despite what you think . kafka ( as the interview seem to be over ) can I ask -- how you find I ? inspector his landlady know of no other friend to refer we to . kafka I do not think he really have any . he have no family either . inspector we know that . pause . kafka he be not a lonely man , though . inspector what make you think so ? kafka ... just a perception . CUT : hallway kafka come out of a door that close behind he . he stand and wait . at a high desk a policeman be read a newspaper . without even look up from it he extend he arm and push kafka slightly to one side so he 's no longer block the light . two other men be here wait , sit on a bench , share a private joke . kafka glance down at himself , wonder if he appearance could in any way inspire ridicule . the door open again and the Inspector be back . inspector I do not usually involve myself with you people in the Old Quarter -- but the River run its own course . it will not be the last time it deposit its unwanted debris on my doorstep . pause . kafka probably not . inspector anyway , I would like you to reflect that in I you have -- I will not say a friend , because we be complete fencer , of course -- from distinctly incompatible social class -- but to some extent , shall we say , a interested third party . kafka I will bear that in mind . inspector ( hand kafka he card ) -- should you happen upon anything that might be relevant . he nod curtly at kafka , and shut he door . the trolley with eduard 's sheet - cover form on it , come down the hall , the squeaking wheel of the thing loud on the wooden floor . kafka the noise cause he to turn around . he watch the trolley as it 's push past . CUT : a office trolley - day similarly coffin-like , load with file . kafka edge out of the way to let it by , feel as though it have be make for he , be wait for he . he walk on to the Chief clerk 's office . chief clerk office kafka come in . kafka you want to see I , sir . chief clerk ( indicate a chair ) sit down , kafka . kafka do . and the Chief clerk stand up . he pace up and down a bit , make kafka awfully nervous before he finally clear he throat and start to get to the point . chief clerk you have be with the firm for nearly nine year . you have do you work diligently , there be no complaint on that score . but there 's more to the job than the work -- there be other people to consider -- and frankly , kafka , we eel you social situation could bear improve . kafka ... my ... social situation ? chief clerk you keep too much to yourself -- you be a lone wolf . it make I uneasy , and if it make I uneasy I can not imagine the impression you make on lesser employee . the Chief clerk , tower over he , also remind kafka of he father . kafka try put up a defense . kafka to do my work well , I have little time for -- chief clerk you must make the time . where do you go off to in the lunch hour ? kafka I usually take lunch by the River . chief clerk it 's not healthy , kafka -- not for you and not for you workmate . at the annual dinner this month you again fail to make a appearance . kafka I do not realize it be obligatory . chief clerk have you never wonder -- and I mention this only in pass -- ( as he pace past and kafka turn he head ) why other clerk have advanced to more responsible position while you , who have be here longer , have not ? kafka no , sir . chief clerk attitude , kafka . it do not matter how well you do you work -- you still see it as something to be get on with rather than something to take a active interest in . kafka ( lean forward in rebuttal ) well , I -- chief clerk ( keep pace ) oh , I know you get along with that poor fellow -- what be he name ? kafka -- eduard -- chief clerk -- yes -- raban -- but he be too much like you -- even more so perhaps . he be not here as long as you , so I do not know he as well -- but I could see the influence he be have . I simply want you to be aware of this because you will be happier for it . kafka merely nod , start to get up . chief clerk in any case -- do not ask I why -- the word have come down you be to be promote . kafka sit back down in the chair . chief clerk you colleague 's death have help precipitate the need , though I can tell you it 's be under consideration for some time . you be to be give two assistant and a commensurate rise in salary . ( sit back behind desk ) that 's all . kafka nod once , start to go again . chief clerk kafka . kafka turn . chief clerk I understand you fancy yourself a author . kafka ( almost visibly cringe ) in a small way . chief clerk you might find a more athletic hobby -- put some color in you cheek . he return to he paperwork . kafka leave . outside chief clerk office walk away , kafka notice gabriela stride along a office corridor -- and sneaky burgel confront she . gabriela she look distress , walk tall as if to bolster she composure . sneaky burgel do not help matter by characteristically appear from the sideline . burgel good morning -- ( she ignore he ) or should I say good afternoon ? gabriela say what you like -- no one pay the least attention . burgel ( walk quickly alongside she ) oh , do not they ? I think you underestimate my station in this office and overrate you own . gabriela not today , burgel . send one of you memo , write up one of you communique , but for God 's sake do not bother I today . burgel it 's my place to offer advice , not yours -- and by advise the Chief clerk of you unpunctuality it 's certainly not my situation that 's compromise , if that 's what you be imply . gabriela ( stop to glare at he ) you be just do you job . burgel it 's what I be pay to do . gabriela you be detestable . burgel and you be late ! suddenly , in a terrific release of pent - up emotion , she slap he hard across the cheek , the first of what would be a flurry of blow if not for the fact that the unexpected force of it throw burgel reeling backwards before she can deliver any more . instead she rush away , very upset . kafka as startle as the rest of the office by the incident . burgel recover , straighten up in shock and embarrassment . he immediately resolve to march directly to the office of the Chief clerk . see he come , kafka quickly start away . CUT : the assistant - day oskar and ludwig . they look almost the same . at first glance almost identical . it 's only a closer inspection that show they to be imperfect twin . dress in match suit . one be sit on kafka 's new desk , the other in kafka 's new chair . they be rummage about in he papers , and whenever one select a particular document for closer scrutiny , the other promptly snatch it out of he hand . kafka come this way , have pause , have spot the weird duo . the assistant continue with they mischief until one of they notice kafka come and nudge the other so strongly he almost fall over . they be both stand at attention , look guilty , by the time kafka arrive . kafka my assistant , I presume . assistant yes -- that 's we . kafka smile at they , half in friendliness , half in amusement at they quirky appearance . kafka ( offer he hand ) I be kafka . oskar respond first , but ludwig knock he hand out of the way to get there first . ludwig ( shaking hand ) ludwig . oskar ( now it 's he turn ) oskar . kafka you look like brother . assistant yes -- we do . kafka have you work here long ? assistant no , no , no -- quite a long time , yes . kafka do not quite know what to make of this two , but they seem pleasant enough fellow and they be look at he with such wide - eye innocence he do not know what more to say to they . so he turn to look around the new area he 's be assign -- a burrow all to himself now -- even a personal clothes peg on the wall for he coat . the assistant make stupid face at each other behind he back , but look serious again when he turn around . kafka well , we would better move thing from my old desk . assistant look at each other with identical frown , then back at kafka . oskar nod , as if to say " oh , all right , if we must . " and ludwig grin . CUT : kafka' new office - day kafka type up form . he hear some noise and glance over he shoulder to see how the assistant be get on -- they be share another desk , face each other , and seem to be work quietly , though with pout expression . kafka roll a new form into the typewriter -- when a shadow fall over the page . gabriela eduard and I have lunch together one day ... and you see we . kafka look up at she . he nod . kafka on the embankment . CUT : the embankment - midday kafka and gabriela stroll by the River , kafka finish off he lunch as they go , occasionally offer tidbit to gabriela who either sample or refuse they . gabriela I be have a affair with eduard . ( note kafka 's reaction ) he do not tell you ? kafka no . gabriela he would have . you be he best friend . a better friend than I . kafka I suspect that he -- well . gabriela what ? kafka that he be -- satisfied in that regard . I do not want to pry . gabriela ( throw she hair back proudly ) it 's not that we want to deceive anyone -- but you know how this thing be look upon at the office . kafka let out a smile at that . gabriela be suspicious of smile . gabriela what 's funny ? kafka this morning it be suggest to I that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improve . gabriela as long as it 's on they term . if you work and you private life do not correspond to they specification you be label a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever . the gnarled , barren branch of a nearby tree shiver over the two of they . kafka how long be you and eduard -- gabriela two or three month , that 's all . ( add ) -- I seduce he . high terrace a flight of stone step take they up here to this vantage spot overlook the River and the city beyond . kafka stand by a railing -- and the huge , distort shadow of someone loom suddenly on the high wall under he . gabriela you know as well as I do that he do not commit suicide . kafka look at she . kafka no , I do not . I be amaze that anyone be able to bear life with any assurance at all . gabriela eduard do not see it as something that need bear . kafka the police would know the difference , would not they ? gabriela do you think people in the New town care what happen over here ? ( nodd across the water ) this will always be the ghetto . kafka he be not rob . he be identify by he wallet . gabriela and you believe everything the authority tell you . kafka when I have no reason to doubt . gabriela the very fact that they be authority should give you reason . people will do anything to protect they own interest . for all you know he be kill at the hand of the police . kafka -- what could he have do to warrant that ? for a moment she seem about to tell he , but then look away . kafka follow she gaze . in the distance someone else have pause at the embankment wall further away to stare at the roiling water . he 's too far away to see clearly . probably nothing sinister about he at all . still ... gabriela turn back to kafka . gabriela be you free tonight ? kafka tonight ? gabriela there be some people I would like you to meet . can you come to the musil district at eight o'clock ? kafka ... all right . her eye lock on he for a moment . she 's beautiful . he 's fearful . gabriela you almost marry recently , do not you ? kafka last year . I -- it be break off . gabriela eduard want to marry I . kafka and you ...? gabriela I be suspicious of man who want to marry . I believe they think it 's the only thing that will make they equal to they father . the shadow on the wall beneath disappear , the ominous black mass flow off the large flat surface as abruptly as it arrive . while up there on the terrace we see gabriela walk away from kafka . kafka stays where he be a moment , watch she . he may have find he ideal woman . kafka ( then follow behind she ) -- I do not know the musil district . gabriela ( without turn ) you will not have any trouble find it . CUT : fat men - night sit laugh , jowl gyrate , around a table fill with a abnormal amount of food . one of they stop laugh then , and the other follow suit , one after the other in turn , until they be all silent , look at the same thing . we be in a fancy restaurant , and the other customer have also turn away from they dinner for the moment to stare at the man in Black who stand before the fat Men . the man wear a black mask as well . he present the fat Men with a cover tray . they look at it , then back at he -- but he 's walk away . they look at the tray again -- and one of they lift the cover . underneath lie the classic black bowl ball -- with a fuse burn at the top . the fat Men all try to stand up at once but -- boom ! they booth explode with they in it . at the doorway , hold a revolver loosely in one hand to discourage heroes , the man in Black turn calmly to face the stunne restaurant . man in black ( hoarse voice ) Long live anarchy ! he leave . Fire in he wake . CUT : the old town - night kafka walk the crooked street -- in the direction of the plume of smoke and illumination come from the burn restaurant . in the dark distance behind he there seem to be a person follow he . noisy Beer shop Neighborhood denizen have come out , hearing all the excitement not far away . kafka walk past . he look behind he , but the follow figure have go . twisted little STREET kafka come around a curve -- and see ahead a dark figure a black cape stand wait under a lone lamppost . when kafka get a bit nearer , the figure start to walk slowly away , as if expect kafka to follow . dirty yard the dark figure walk alongside a row of black window pane , turn around the corner where they end . kafka follow around the corner -- and through a dingy doorway . a lopsided stairway lead he up to a large attic . warning shadow . attic gloomy except for the light around a table at a far end . kafka advance , see gabriela sit there with she same companion from the coffee house . kafka stop in front of the table . voice from behind please sit down . kafka turn to see the last of the group come in , have obviously tail he all along . a burly man with a beard . the leader of this anarchist cell . kafka sit down , in between a solemn man with a moustache and a woman with a pockmarked face . the seedy youth who lead he in complete the circle . beard anarchist we will save the introduction . ( take he seat ) we do not know yet if you be friend or foe . kafka stranger make better foe than friend . will you tell I who you be altogether , if not individually ? pockmarked anarchist heralds of a new age -- do that sound immodest ? beard anarchist you could say we represent the unofficial view of a well - order society . kafka ( to gabriela ) ah -- we be back to the " authority " you speak of . gabriela they be ubiquitous . what we try to do ... be make they a little less so . beard anarchist quite a disturbance tonight , yes ? and perhaps you recall last month -- the explosion at the Municipal courthouse that send one of the examine magistrate to join the heavenly choir . kafka ( disbely ) ... be eduard one of you ? youthful anarchist the last to join we , the first to leave we . gabriela dart a fierce look at she overly - flippant colleague . and kafka be sad about he dead friend for a different reason . kafka ... why take I into you confidence ? pockmarked anarchist that 's obvious , be not it ? we have a open for a new member . after a moment 's pause , kafka stand up . gabriela I nominate you as a possible candidate . you be eduard 's good friend . he read I some of you work . kafka I have hardly publish enough for anyone to draw conclusion from . gabriela you strike I as a man with a define notion of injustice -- a high concern for the lot of you fellow man . and yet you be able to remain a outsider . with the concomitant air of ... superiority ? beard anarchist in short , a higher man . it 's what we want . it 's what we need . kafka notice that the bearded anarchist have a tattoo on the back of he hand . kafka the distance to my fellow man be for I quite a journey . as for be a outsider , it 's never be a matter of choice . youthful anarchist ( as kafka start to leave ) -- they may have institute proceedings against you . kafka ( turn ) what proceedings ? pockmarked anarchist preliminary investigation may already be underway . beard anarchist you be he friend . one link be all they need . kafka sit down again . he try not to be distract by the solemn anarchist who say nothing but who take a uncommon interest in see how many match there be in the matchbox he 's be fiddling with . gabriela the day he die , eduard be call up to the Castle . do you know that ? kafka ( shake he head ) what of it ? gabriela he be summon to help correct a minor discrepancy of some sort in the Medical record division . apparently one of he claim be relevant . pockmarked anarchist -- merely in the interest of order , you understand . the official at the Castle like to cover they track . gabriela he be never see alive again . kafka and you still maintain -- what ? that he be murder . gabriela he be murder . a skylight cast moonglow over the proceedings . beard anarchist as you can imagine , a pass into the Castle -- hardly ever grant -- be a opportunity we could not ignore . youthful anarchist the Castle represent every anachronism that need to be destroy if progress be to be make . beard anarchist as you know , it 's not the most accessible location . Far from be depressed , eduard be particularly excited when he bring we the news of this chance invitation . he set off that evening carry one of we custom - make briefcase instead of he own . gabriela ( gaug kafka 's reaction ) you be shocked at the think of eduard toss a bomb through a window . kafka I have no right to be , I know . my experience with real life be practically nil . gabriela when you only see someone sit at a desk all day , it 's liable to create a false impression . kafka people must think the same of I -- a quiet , dependable person . beard anarchist you do not have to accept everything as true , my friend . you need only accept it as necessary . gabriela as the bomb never go off , we can only assume he be catch with it -- and summarily execute . pockmarked anarchist -- merely in the interest of order . beard anarchist the formality of a trial would be too costly for they . they be beginning to understand that it 's the ensue news of we action that incite support . kafka propaganda of the dead ? youthful anarchist the Castle will deny he be there any longer than he business require . they be just file clerk up there . no doubt he be hand over to the police with the utmost discretion . beard anarchist in any event , we have feel no repercussion as yet . eduard must not have talk . you be the one they contact . kafka so that 's who my foe be -- policeman and file clerk . Law and order , you might say . the solemn anarchist look up from he matchbox . gabriela you think what we be do be so wrong ? and what be you do ? pursue goodness ? for what ? to answer to some supreme tribunal ? kafka my only concern be the human tribunal . be not it yours ? gabriela yes -- which be why " quiet , dependable people " have to take charge of they own life . kafka at the cost of other ? you accuse people of murder without trial -- apparently without irony . do you go to the Castle with eduard ? ( apparently not ) then you have no idea what really might have happen that night at all -- even before or after he get there . he stand to leave again . gabriela you human tribunal will betray you . just as its member will be betrayed when they find no supreme one kafka start walk away . gabriela join we , kafka . kafka keep on go , the anarchist grow smaller as they be leave behind in they far corner of the long attic . gabriela it 's sheer folly for anyone to try to pull through alone . CUT : maniacal laughter - before dawn seem to emanate from pitch blackness -- but then suddenly , fast , out of a tunnel under a bridge come run three terrify vagrant , rouse from slumber and scared out they wit by the ghastly , craze cackling chase after they , echoing under the arch . they be at the river 's edge , all run wildly , slip and stumbling , every man for himself , as they desperately try to escape from whatever madness be close in behind they . now from out of the tunnel appear they pursuer , see only from the back , literally shaking with insane , involuntary , howling laughter . a horrific human hyena , far further go than the sad wretch he 's cornere here on this foul , moss - cover ledge in the cold wind . see he , the vagrant freeze in they various position -- then turn in panic to flee again as he start after they , move like a animal , a killer predator , laugh horribly as he go . the first vagrant , propel by fright , manage to make a stun leap up a wall to grab onto some overhange chain and pull himself up . the second vagrant find himself trap at the edge of the ledge -- with the laugh man choose he as the one to go after first . he turn and jump into the river . the laugh man , face still unseen , turn toward the climb vagrant instead -- who clamber over the top just in time as the laugh man 's fingernails claw the moldy wall beneath he . the third vagrant have make it to some step , and down they -- glance back to see the laugh man come after he -- to the small patch of muddy beach at the bottom , grey river water lap at he rag shoe . he do not know what to do -- he do not know how to swim ! the laugh man be run down the step now . the vagrant start wading out into the water , cry out in fear as the howl behind he come closer and closer -- he throw himself forward , splash vainly -- and feel the laugh man grab he ankle , pull he back . the vagrant 's scream join the laugh man 's insane giggle as they thrash around violently in the water . the laugh man drag the vagrant back to the beach , then back up the step , the vagrant struggle helplessly , he head bang from step to step , he hand flail around but find nothing to clutch onto , he scream go unheeded in this lonely part of the sleep city . the laugh man drag he on , back to the slippery ledge and along it , drag the vagrant on he back through a filthy sewer alongside the wall , the vagrant 's cry choke by the stagnant water , but continue as the laugh man drag he back into the dark tunnel , under the bridge , the two of they disappear into the blackness again , they combine shrieking louder than ever as it echoes horribly around the damp stone , then dimming as they go deeper and further away , unseen , until the scream and the laughter can no longer be distinguished . CUT : kafka' office - morning kafka walk toward he desk . near , he see the assistant laugh in lunacy between themselves . they hush up immediately when they notice he , and be pretend to work when he arrive . he watch they out of the corner of he eye as he arrange himself at he chair . kafka how be you evening ? at this sign of sympathy they immediately scuttle they chair closer to he . assistant Fine -- terrible . kafka ( uncover he typewriter ) what be the matter with it ? oskar ( indicate ludwig ) he can not sit still . just when we arrive at a nightclub he want to go to another one . ludwig ( to kafka ) you look tired . oskar ( interrupt ) gabriela rossman be here look for you . do you know she ? kafka ( look up ) do you ? oskar we see she naked once -- do not we . he elbow ludwig violently . ludwig woman be all you have on you mind ! oskar she go to the roof to sunbathe one lunch hour -- we watch she change . kafka I do not realize you would be here that long . oskar you mean because it 's be a while since there be a sunny day ? what a good detective you be . ludwig they keep switch we from department to department . he do not mind because he can not sit still . oskar we use to be in the supply section , carry box of medicine about but we drop too many of they . ludwig it 's not too bad work here . kafka stand up , pleased for they in they innocence . kafka you do not think it 's a horrible double life from which there be probably no escape but insanity ? the assistant look at each other , perplex by this attitude . ludwig no . kafka I be glad for you . he start to go . oskar ( call after he ) you should be content , you know ! the stick -like figure of kafka turn into the long center aisle , walk between the endless row of busy desk . he sidetrack , take a shortcut along a narrower aisle toward the exit he 's head for . another clerk be come the other way and they both at the same instant turn sideways to sidle efficiently by one another , a almost balletic maneuver , perfect after year of office experience , nothing more than a short breath of air pass between they . CUT : gabriela's section kafka work he way toward gabriela 's desk -- but he stop before he get to it , a familiar shiver run through he . the desk empty . the chair push squarely under it . the typewriter cover . kafka stare at it -- then at the ermine Mr. burgel who have once again pop up out of nowhere . burgel be you look for gabriela rossmann ? kafka yes . burgel bow sarcastically to hand kafka a envelope . then chuckle spitefully , obviously know something kafka do not . he walk off , leave kafka uneasy . CUT : eduard' lodging house - day kafka bound up the stair . eduard' landing the door to he room be open . kafka go in . eduard' room kafka come in . gabriela be here , gather up eduard 's belonging from drawer . gabriela ( hardly glance at he ) I be collect eduard 's thing . if there 's anything you want , take it or I will give it to charity . kafka ( take she note from he pocket ) burgel give I this -- what do it mean ? gabriela ( now look up ) burgel ! -- I do not leave it with he . kafka ( go closer ) why be you give notice ? gabriela they be not oblige to tell . kafka it could not be for that incident with burgel the other day . gabriela of course it could -- burgel 's be try to get I throw out as long as I can remember . he could have kill eduard . kafka you do not believe that . gabriela I would not put it past he . she 's stuff the last of the clothes into a small bag , go to take the few other possession from shelf and elsewhere . kafka notice that he 's stand by a dumbwaiter . for lack of anything better to do he pull the rope to bring it up . it 's fill with more clothes . gabriela come over with she bag , hold it out for he as kafka put the clothes in -- but not as many clothes as they think . behind the bundle , hide at the back , be a briefcase . gabriela recognize it . kafka see she surprised reaction . he remove the case and carefully flip the latch . Inside , a complex mechanism , wire connect to a clock -- and a clump of dynamite . kafka just look at it sadly . he close the case . kafka it seem I know eduard a little bit , after all . ground floor of build the ratty old concierge peek up the stair inquisitively . in the doorway of he room , a lodger clip he fingernails at a little fold table , neatly lining they up . the concierge turn and notice . concierge lodger ! not one of they think to spare I such spectacle ! she slam the door on he then return to she own apartment , slamm that door too . the hallway be empty now . eduard' room gabriela turn to kafka . gabriela you might think -- I think so myself at first -- that burgel 's too insignificant to be dangerous . but that 's the very reason to beware ! it 's the small man to watch out for -- the one who substitute method for character . kafka ( sigh at she relentlessness ) now you have fall into he trap . when he go to bed at night burgel dream of inspiring as much fear in other as they inspire in he . gabriela it 's still easier for you to understand suicide , be not it . she 's get he number . he 's so in awe of she he have to turn away -- look out the room 's small window . kafka that street down there -- I always use to call it the approach road for suicide . it lead straight down to the bridge and the River . gabriela burgel hate eduard . and I . I be sure he know about we -- and I be sure it drive he mad . kafka burgel do not like anybody ! gabriela he use to like I -- very much more than I like he . kafka he 's jealous , yes , but that jealous ? he 's too cautious . gabriela clear some more item off a mantelpiece with a sweeping gesture . gabriela of course he be -- the Castle precinct be not the safest part of the city after dark . people disappear up there regularly . if you want to lie in wait for someone , that 's the place to do it . kafka now you be say eduard be lure there ? gabriela ( put away the last few book ) how often do one of we clerk have business in the house of record ? kafka I have hear of it happen . gabriela and burgel be the bringer of message , be not he ? kafka usually . put the bag down , gabriela go closer to kafka , so close he almost cower . gabriela or what if there really be a error ? -- I do not know what kind -- any kind that need correct -- and what if burgel be responsible for it ? one mistake -- even a small one in a firm like ours -- it could cost he a promotion . kafka first this nameless authority be the root of all evil , now it 's insignificant burgel . if indeed there be a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you be suggest someone go to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all . gabriela what seem important to this people be not determine by the amount of work it entail -- you be far from understanding the authority if you believe that . kafka now burgel 's one of the authority ? she turn away from he , redden . gabriela for all he big talk he be . do he really have access to the director of the firm as he always claim ? -- or only the deputy manager -- people of no importance whatsoever . someone ought to follow he for a change . kafka see a opportunity to go to she , to try to calm she , to make a timid approach to this woman . kafka you will not make any sense of it while you be upset . -- but she break away . gabriela burgel be only there for one purpose -- to spy on the employee and report any and all indiscretion , real or imagine . if he do not send eduard to the Castle , you can be damn sure he 's in league with whoever greet he there . ( very upset now ) all that bastard be in league with each other -- why can not you see that ! she take hold of he as if to shake some sense into he -- but really because she need someone to hold . kafka ... I do not see anything . I see a message on its way to I -- with all the right answer . only it never arrive -- it 's always just on its way . gabriela do not seem to be listen . she 's look around . the little room , as if it 's someone else she 's hold ... gabriela eduard ... her head against he , kafka tentatively touch she hair and she pull away , the spell break . gabriela you ignorance of the way thing be here be so appall that it make my head spin to listen to you and compare what you say and have in mind with the real situation ! she storm out , vehemently pick up she bag on the way out , and slamm the door quakingly behind she . kafka be too astonished at she behavior to make a move for a moment , then he glance at the bomb-case she 's leave behind , then he go out to the landing . gabriela rushing down the stair in anger , tear open the door at the middle landing and slamm that one too once past it . kafka follow she down . gabriela come down the final flight of stair , disappear through the door at the bottom , slamm that one as well . kafka almost catch up with she , come down to the last door . ground floor hallway kafka come through the door from the stair , out of breath , and stop . he 's too late . the hallway be empty . the front door at the end of it be shut . he make a face and a moment later start to go back up . then stop again . turn . look back at the front door . ... the one he do not hear slam . outside the front door open and kafka step out . he stand on the stoop . he look up the street one way . desert . he look down the street the other way . desert . CUT : inside - day kafka lead the police Inspector back along the lodging house hallway . the two subordinate policeman follow behind . inspector you say she be extremely upset . people who be extremely upset -- kafka -- be give to disappear in a hurry . they go and calm down for a day or so and then they come back . they have come to the door to the stair now . kafka but that 's just my point -- she be more than upset , she be livid . she slam every door on she way downstairs -- except that one . ( point at front door ) I be just behind she and I do not even hear that one shut -- not at all . inspector that 's not what I call conclusive evidence of a abduction . kafka if someone be wait here in the hallway to spirit she away , would not they have shut the door as quietly as possible ? the Inspector stare at he . the two other policeman roll they eye at each other . CUT : eduard' room kafka keep he eye on the two policeman as they poke around , one of they get close to the dumbwaiter . inspector why would someone want to kidnap this woman -- the name be rossmann ? he say it rather derisively , separate the syllable of the name . kafka you tell I to contact you if anything relevant come up -- gabriela be relevant . when I speak to you before I do not know she would be see eduard . inspector that 's be note . but where do it lead we ? unless you have something more to add . kafka she 's miss . I go to she house and she have not return there . the policeman at the dumbwaiter peer down the shaft -- but then move on . inspector she lose she job today . just between you and I , I would probably go away and brood a bit myself . he signal he man , time for they to go . stairway the two policeman lead the way back down , the Inspector behind they , kafka remain on the top landing . kafka ( manage to blurt out ) maybe it 's true then what she say . inspector ( pause ) what do she say ? kafka that the police may have allegiance to something other than truth . the two other policeman look at each other ominously . the Inspector turn to they , give they a look , and they go off down the stair . the Inspector plod back up to kafka like a stern parent . they confront each other , kafka try not to cringe too baldly . scary shadow around the bizarrely - angle stairway . kafka -- she do not think eduard commit suicide . ( then ) any more than I do . ( then ) she be convinced of it . pause . inspector I be go to say something , and I hope it 's quite clear because I will not be repeat it . people treat kafka like a child . and other people seem big to he anyway . the Inspector lean he face very close . inspector we do not have to hunt for criminal . we be draw towards they . the guilty show we the way . he leave kafka alone on the top landing . CUT : continental coffee house - night kafka come in , look around , do not see he friend anywhere . but at the bar , at he usual perch , be bizzlebek , the coffee house habitu . bizzlebek where be you friend ? kafka turn and look at he . kafka good question . who be my friend ... would also be of interest . CUT : table bizzlebek sit listen to kafka 's tale of woe . kafka ( stare into steaming coffee cup ) gabriela be right -- it 's easier for I to understand suicide . I be a practice suicide . bizzlebek ( slightly mock as ever ) -- in what sense ? kafka stare at man and woman around the coffee house -- couple , hold hand , kissing . kafka bachelorhood be just the slow form . the bachelor do not sew seed . only the moment matter . the space he occupy grow smaller and smaller -- until the only space right for he be he coffin . pause . bizzlebek this strange storey you write -- they come naturally , do they ? kafka naturally ? -- that 's not the word I would have choose . bizzlebek ( seriously ) where do you get you idea ? ( quickly ) only joke -- I be just joke . ( laugh ) let 's go to a brothel then , kafka , come on . kafka I have not get the energy . I mean , I have to conserve my energy . bizzlebek why do you work in that hideous insurance office ? -- deal with people who fall off ladder . now take I -- I make my live as a stone mason . it 's not my art -- but it 's the tool of my art . you could be -- a journalist . kafka shake he head sadly . he 's obviously hear argument before . kafka that would be even worse -- it would be a compromise . bizzlebek success or nothing ? kafka no -- not even success . my write be not for make a live -- it 's for live . not for other people , it 's for I . he stare at a woman who remind he slightly of gabriela -- a sexy woman and the man with she treat she as a sexy woman . kafka ... I be the exile . gabriela be right about that too . CUT : charlie chaplin - evening be chase around a table by a big bearded man in flicker black - and -white . a audience watch , laugh . a great sea of grin tooth and teary eye . except one . kafka sit grimly alone near the back . but suddenly he 's not alone -- the bearded anarchist have sit down in front of he -- and now turn round , startlingly . beard anarchist we have another theory . and the pockmark anarchist be suddenly sit beside he . pockmarked anarchist we may have attach too little importance to the reason eduard be summon to the Castle to begin with . and the youthful anarchist be behind he , thrust he head suddenly forward . youthful anarchist -- to correct a small discrepancy , you may recall . the solemn anarchist be on kafka 's other side -- but he just watch the movie . pockmarked anarchist -- ah , but what if it be not ? beard anarchist -- small . youthful anarchist -- what if it be a large discrepancy ? kafka 's head keep turn around as they speak . pockmarked anarchist your be a very powerful and important firm -- it have a lot at stake . beard anarchist perhaps eduard be closer than he know to discover it and so have to be silence . youthful anarchist -- or he be even more a innocent victim than that -- he be choose to bear the blame if the crime be uncover by anyone else . pockmarked anarchist -- the crime so scandalous that the poor young clerk commit suicide rather than own up to it . kafka that 's mad . pockmarked anarchist -- oh , yes , it 's mad . the solemn anarchist suddenly laugh -- probably at Charlie chaplin . kafka -- you say so yourself the firm be large and powerful . if the discrepancy really be something big , eduard 's responsibility would still have to be small . no poor young clerk could find himself in such a fix . pockmarked anarchist ( sarcastic grunt ) when a scapegoat be need , my friend ... beard anarchist we have to know what he be work on at the time of he death . kafka he work on routine claim . his visit to the Castle be probably as minor a mission as he say it be . pockmarked anarchist why be you so aggressively unimaginative ? eduard be no longer the only casualty . kafka then why have not I be -- youthful anarchist -- kidnap or murder ? because you connection with eduard be obvious and above board -- not as easily misconstrue . beard anarchist -- not secretive , therefore not suspicious . pockmarked anarchist -- gabriela , on the other hand , have make a enemy of this man burgel . kafka ( head turn , exasperate ) oh , burgel ! gabriela be have a affair with eduard . they be both member of this group . if any crime 's be discover and people be pay for it , I would look to yourselves ! pockmarked anarchist the loyal civil servant . I suppose you will deny that shortchang the worker to whom compensation be due be standard company policy . beard anarchist it would not surprise we if the discrepancy be between medicine send and medicine receive . youthful anarchist -- people die for such discrepancy . kafka 's head be spin -- and the solemn anarchist suddenly look at he . solemn anarchist ( the hoarse voice of the restaurant bomber ) we must have a look at eduard 's file . cut : storage section - day kafka follow the keeper of the file along labyrinthine alley between shelf pack with file . wall be obscure by column of document tie together , pile on top of each other . there 's hardly room to move . stack of file be everywhere , balance precariously , even fall from time to time , from sheer pressure in all direction . keeper ( vex ) " raban " -- that will be nearly at the back of the alphabet . kafka it usually be . keeper ( snap at he ) I be not oblige to give you access , you know -- not without authorization -- but I will make a exception this one time . they turn down another row , walk further , turn again . kafka keep flinching as thick bundle of document crash down around he , narrowly miss he . keeper ( oblivious to the danger ) I be overworked as it be . ( find the right section ) " raban " do you say ? kafka yes . be not it there ? the keeper of the file be rifling through folder -- cause other to fall out onto kafka who try to catch they . keeper ( pause ) wait a minute . " raban ? " where have I hear that name ? kafka he 's the clerk who die last week . from the insurance department the keeper of the file look extremely displease . he push past kafka , go back the way they have come . kafka ( follow anxiously ) what 's the matter ? keeper why would we keep file on dead employee ? all old file be send up to the Castle . do you think we have room for two hundred year worth personnel record ? kafka ( dodge another paper landslide ) it 's go out so quickly ? keeper whenever a employee depart , shall we say , it 's up to the head of he department to requisition he file , reassign any outstanding claim , and send it off . kafka -- you mean my Chief have it . document come crash down and we can not see kafka and the keeper anymore . CUT : the chief clerk - day look up from he desk and stick he chin out , which be he way of ask kafka what the hell he want . kafka dare to come in . kafka Excuse I , sir -- I understand you have eduard raban 's file . chief clerk I do . kafka I wonder if I might look to see if there 's a address for family -- I think I would like to write to they . the Chief clerk have little time for such sentimentality . he give kafka a little exasperate look before reach down to -- a right hand desk drawer -- which kafka notice -- and take out a folder . chief clerk no -- just as I think -- no entry for family . kafka nod a bit , wonder what to do now . chief clerk be there something else ? kafka no -- I just -- I feel a sense of obligation . he be my friend -- if I can be of any help -- close he affair . chief clerk ( put file away again ) no , there 's only one report to complete . I will be do it myself and submit it to the Castle today or tomorrow . kafka ( as ingenuously as possible ) I see -- it 's just the erlanger claim then . chief clerk ( look up ) the orlac claim . kafka sorry , yes -- well -- thank you , sir . the Chief clerk watch he as he start to leave . chief clerk kafka . kafka reluctantly turn . chief clerk you be too sensitive . let you friend rest in peace . ( return to paperwork ) I have know suicide . such a song - and - dance about nothing . kafka nod once . kafka yes , sir . the Chief clerk look at he with seemingly genuine misguide concern . chief clerk give it up . he go back to he paperwork . kafka leave . outside chief clerk office kafka shut the door behind he , breathes a sigh of relief . CUT : the keeper of the file - day look very annoyed , lead kafka back through the stack . keeper if it be account you want why do you ask for employee ? kafka orlac be a account ? keeper it 's a factory in the northern mountain . one of we best customer . ( as they disappear around a corner ) without a proper request I be not oblige to do this , you understand -- but I will make a exception on this one occasion . another row kafka glance nervously around as shelf creak threateningly under the weight of document . up on a ladder , the keeper of the file find the orlac folder . keeper at least the account be current even if the employee be not . he pull it out -- with great difficulty . the orlac file be very , very thick . kafka prepare himself to catch it , but the keeper of the file manage to hand it down to he without serious injury . still , it 's quite cumbersome and heavier than kafka expect . keeper ( come down ladder ) that place have so many accident , it 's a good thing the type of peasant who live up there do not seem to have any trouble propagate they race . kafka wince at that slur but say nothing about it . kafka ( leaf through page ) all this in the last year ? keeper you must have read about it in the papers -- there be a terrible cave - in . it would not have be so bad , but even the Medical Officer for the district be kill ! kafka I do read that . they give he a posthumous medal . keeper ( nod ) Dr. murnau be the bravest of man . he spend a entire career in that backwater with no regard for personal gain . a great loss . kafka ( a particular document ) this be the cross-reference of clerk who have work on orlac claim ? keeper ( nod ) be you friend 's name among they ? ( kafka shake he head ) then he only work on the one case . ( take file back again ) you Chief will send I the final summation when he 's finish with it . kafka once a file 's be send to the caste , be it possible to recall it for review ? keeper ( go back up ladder ) of course not . only by a director of the firm . who would want to let in all kind of riff- raff off the street ? kafka what good be record if they be not open for public inspection ? keeper ( stuff file back in place ) this law have be with we for century -- how can you doubt they ? kafka what if I petition one of the director ? keeper ( come back down ) you do not summon they -- they summon you -- and this , of course , hardly ever happen , if at all . the director be a eccentric lot and by nature cautious . kafka where do we record go to in the Castle ? keeper ( start to walk away ) we be a medical firm , be not we ? they go to the Medical record section . kafka I could always apply there . keeper it so happen , my dear simple sir , that the head of Medical record at the Castle be one of the director of this firm . kafka scowl , and follow the keeper of the file in silence . CUT : the office - evening kafka work at he desk , finger tapping at a add machine . he check the office clock -- nearly the end of the day . the assistant one be sweeping the floor . the other be scribbling at they desk . his pen blotches he paper . he have a fit and crumple it up and throw it down . kafka look over at the Chief clerk 's office -- see he write intently at he desk , pause to turn on a lamp . the assistant the sweeping one bang he knee against a desk and start hopping about . the pen of the other one leak again . he crumple up he new sheet and fling it away even more angrily than before . then he examine he pen , determine that the cap at the back be loose , and start bang it on he desk in a attempt to tighten it -- while the other assistant keep jump around hold he hurt kneecap . kafka glance over he shoulder at they , start to say something -- but then notice burgel , not far away , sometimes block by other employee , walk in the direction of the Chief clerk 's office . the assistant the one assistant have just fix he pen when the other one , still hopping around , bump into he , cause he to knock over a bottle of ink . the two of they start shove each other about . kafka whirl around , can not ignore they any longer . kafka do you mind ! the assistant look at he , surprised at this outburst . oskar -- I be just try to finish some work ! kafka you mean you have actually begin some ? ludwig ( point at oskar ) -- just because he 's do nothing today , he do not want I to show he up ! oskar try to lunge at ludwig , but kafka hold he back . kafka my assistant ! you might as well have fall from the sky for all the think that be spend in choose you ! the assistant look at each other sheepishly . then smile at kafka , submissively or mockingly , it 's hard to tell . oskar it 's not we fault . we be naturally nervous . ludwig and we be upset too . kafka what 's the matter with you ? oskar I can not make a simple statement without he take issue with it kafka -- you should meet my father . ludwig we have be together too long . his personality be overflow into mine and vice versa . oskar -- how would you like to be in a horrible situation like that ? kafka he would not . it 's the nightmare of he life . but now he 's distract again -- notice burgel walk away from the Chief clerk 's office ( without ever have seem he actually enter it ) . and burgel be carry a parcel under he arm . kafka ( to assistant again ) all right , you might as well go home -- go on . the assistant do as they be tell , oskar return to he desk to clear up , turn he back on ludwig -- at which ludwig immediately rush up very close behind he and shake he fist strenuously at he , turn away quickly when oskar turn around again to try and catch ludwig at it . kafka be not pay they any attention anymore . he efficiently clean up he own space , keep a eye on the Chief clerk 's office . when the office bell ring the Chief clerk immediately turn off he desk lamp , put on he overcoat , and shut he office light on he way out . kafka do not think twice . he force himself to start walk to the Chief clerk 's office . other depart office employee crisscross past he , but he walk in a straight line , businesslike , toward the Chief clerk 's office . he have a piece of paper in he hand . he enter the Chief clerk 's office , hold the paper out to drop on the Chief clerk 's desk -- but let it slip off onto the floor . when he bend to retrieve it he quickly open that bottom drawer where eduard 's file be -- but it 's now empty . CUT : dark STREET - evening burgel walk along , adjust the parcel under he arm . kafka follow he . CUT : across the river burgel head into the Old town . kafka pause in some shadow . he glance up at the distance , the way burgel be go , up at -- the castle almost glow as it 's outline against the blue of the darken night . CUT : whore give kafka the eye as he go past doorway after doorway fill with they frightening / tempting form . but he try never to lose focus on the small form of burgel further up the street . Men milling about , up and down the street , prostitute roam amongst they , kafka negotiate he way through . a urgent moment when he almost lose burgel -- then see he turn down a alley . kafka hurry after he , avoid a pair of drunken lout in the way . further on the Castle visible , but still a little in the distance . kafka come into view . he see burgel enter a building . CUT : upstair hallway very dingy . burgel leave the top of the stair and walk down to a room at the end . downstair kafka wait momentarily at the bottom , then go up . hallway peek around the corner , he see a young girl embrace burgel in she doorway before let he in . CUT : outside kafka come out of the building . he hear a noise , turn around , see burgel and the girl on the tiny baroque balcony outside she room . kafka retreat into the shadow . he watch the girl unwrap the parcel burgel 's give she . she smile as a box of chocolate be reveal . kafka watch -- with a expression of guilt , sadness ? until a door suddenly open at he back . a man shuffles out past he . a rather ugly woman in a dress gown hold the door open , give kafka a cursory look . Beyond she inside , a quick glimpse of masochist yelping as he 's whipped . woman well , what be you wait for ? she 's nodd he inside . kafka back away from she and she invitation . CUT : dirty yard - night kafka head for the dilapidate building or the anarchist . dingy doorway he go through . a mouse scurries past he across the threshold . the lopsided stairway lead he up to the attic . the beard anarchist watch kafka 's approach . but see nothing . his eye be wide open , but lifeless . kafka stop at the anarchist ' table . they be all lie around it on the floor except for the pockmark anarchist who 's slump over it , she face sink in a pool of she own blood . the youthful anarchist lie on he back , mouth open , still dribble red . the solemn anarchist seem less than solemn due to the almost comic , convolute , break - back position he 's in . and the neck of the bearded anarchist be all twisted . kafka just stare in disbelief -- then scratch ! -- a noise from a spiral staircase close by , lead to the roof . kafka look around in panic -- the attic entrance be too far to run to and there 's nowhere else to hide . the spiral staircase a man appear from above ( mr. pick ) . leg drape in expensive trousers , the skirt of he high - buttone coat flow around they due to the breeze from the roof . mr. pick voice -- come on -- there 's no one up there . we be go now . he raise he arm up to help down whoever it be he 's talk to . we hear a strange groan . follow by the appearance -- unclear , from the back , face hide , or otherwise block by Mr. pick -- of a strange hunch figure . he move in a halting , cower way . Mr. pick help he down the step . mr. pick that 's it -- it 's all right -- you have do very well . Mr. pick 's voice be reassure , though he have a dark , diabolic face . they be at the bottom of the staircase now , Mr. pick lead he odd companion toward the exit . the odd companion lurch towards the dead anarchist , but Mr. pick restrain he . mr. pick never mind they -- they will be attend to . kafka pretend to be one of the dead anarchist . hiding under the large body of the bearded anarchist . try hard to emulate he lack of movement . blood from the bearded anarchist 's ear drip onto kafka 's face . he try to blink it away while he other eye remain fix on the two figure walk away to the doorway until they be through it and go . after a moment , he unload the bearded anarchist and softly hurry over to the attic doorway . stair the strange man utter another low moan as Mr. pick lead he like a dog down the creak old step . kafka come cautiously out onto the landing . he lean over the bannister , watch the two figure slowly go down the long stair , vanish from sight at a certain turn of the staircase on every floor and come into view after a moment or so . CUT : STREET outside Mr. pick and the strange one walk away . kafka follow at a respectable distance . he pause when he hear a wagon -- look back at the anarchist ' building to see it pull up outside . the driver jump to the ground . kafka look from the wagon to the two man walk away in the distance and make he choice -- continue after the two man . CUT : the quarries - night on the outskirt of the city , beyond the Castle . Mr. pick and the strange man approach . some distance behind they , kafka take cover behind a tree , watch . Mr. pick lead the strange man down the central quarry to where a third man , a laborer by the look of he , be wait . kafka find a vantage point somewhere above the central quarry . he flatten himself on the ground and peer over the edge . in the quarry , Mr. pick step back a pace from the strange man as they meet up with the laborer and suddenly grab the strange man , pin he arm behind he , bare he chest or the laborer to stab a dagger into ! kafka be shocked by the abruptness of this . he see the strange man slump to the ground . he crawl a little closer . he see the laborer replace the knife in its sheath on he belt , then help Mr. pick drag the strange man off to some side shadow where they dump he . kafka strain forward a little , try to make out they face -- and the ground give way ! mr. pick and the laborer spin around at the noise . kafka land at the bottom of the incline , daze . he 's still quite far away from the other end of the quarry where they be . mr. pick and the laborer look at each other once -- then go after the intruder . kafka see they come . scramble to he foot . it take he a split second to establish he option . namely , the best route be back up the way he come . if only he can get up it again as fast . Mr. pick and the laborer start to run . kafka start to climb . the incline be steep . the gravel be loose . he slip back down . Mr. pick and the laborer be gain speed . kafka dig he finger into the dirt , pull himself up with all he might , even though he shoe do not sustain hold . Mr. pick be a better runner than the burly laborer . he 's almost there . kafka slip back down again . Mr. pick could almost grab he -- but kafka literally throw himself up the slope again , gasp -- and Mr. pick stretch but can not reach that far and kafka 's nearly at the top again -- Mr. pick climb after he now -- and kafka 's arm come over the edge , he struggle over , kick gravel back down in Mr. pick 's face . Mr. pick slide back down to the bottom -- and kafka 's go . the laborer fall over Mr. pick as he come crash back down , now Mr. pick push he off in one direction while he go another . CUT : sloping STREET escape back into the Old Quarter , kafka run downhill . but even the momentum do not carry he as fast as he would like . SMALL square a number of street branching off . kafka see Mr. pick come down one of they -- and the laborer come down another . kafka run off along a third . circuitous passage kafka run . look behind he . Mr. pick be come . he run faster , under a weird archway . look behind he . Mr. pick and the laborer be come . kafka dart down a side street . side STREET another twist little road . he wind around one corner only to be meet by another , the end of this street impossible to determine . behind he Mr. pick and the laborer be catch up . kafka turn another corner and find himself at the bottom of a incredibly long flight of step . a staire street . on and on and on . he do not know if he can make it . mr. pick and the laborer come around -- look at the step -- look at each other . they take deep breath and start up . the top here they come , huffing and puffing . the bottom kafka come out from behind a extravagantly design iron gate grillwork . he sneak away , back the way he come . CUT : the central quarry the body of the strange man lie face down where it be drop . kafka walk toward it , look around nervously in case anyone 's come . someone be . when he get to the corpse he hear the sound of a approach wagon . he crouch quickly by the body to do what he 's come here to do -- turn it over to look at -- the face of a monster . horribly disfigure , scar and stitched . and it be not the kind of patchwork mess cause by acid or accident . there seem to be design behind it . human design . and beneath all this warpe , mutilate flesh , almost unrecognizable ... the feature of the vagrant snatch from the River . kafka' face revulsion . he go . the wagon Parks above the quarry . the evil- look Driver jump down and pull a large sack off the back . he start down into the quarry . kafka appear over another edge . he look over at the wagon . he see that now the back be load up , and cover by a sheet of tarpaulin . CUT : the anarchist ' attic - night all the body be go . even the floorboard and piece of furniture that might have have blood stain on they have be tear away and remove . kafka stand alone . CUT : the CITY - night a eerie moon shine over the Castle . kafka' house he come in . before take off he coat , he find in a pocket Inspector grubach 's card . but what can he do again without evidence ? he put the card back in the pocket . CUT : kafka' desk - before dawn he sit write into the night in he little room under a low ceiling . kafka' voice " -- oh , and thank you for the suit from Father , although I do not know why he do not simply return it . if it 's too small for he why do you immediately suppose it will fit I ? ... you son ... you loving son ... you somewhat loving son ... you occasionally loving son ... you incapable - of-love son ... you absolutely - bored - to-death - with - any - kind -of-family - life son ... " the barking of a dog outside distract he . he stand up to stretch by he open window -- and we see that he 's wear a suit that 's far too big for he , sleeve overhange he skinny arm and and , trouser bottom drown he shoe . he look out at the sky which be turn blue . the bridge two man walk across the river . a wagon roll along one of the moribund street of the Old town . the Driver swivel in he seat , look over he wide shoulder , as if to see if he 's be follow . the glint in he eye suggest evil . kafka' room kafka put a stamp on he letter , then add it to the stack of obsessive correspondence already pile on one corner of he desk . CUT : the office - evening with a ink-pad stamp , kafka pound the date onto a succession of document . the office clock strike six . the assistant jump in unison when the bell go off . then in they hurry to leave start shove all they papers and whatnot haphazardly into various drawer , open and slamm they regardless of whether or not the content be fully inside , result in a lot of crumpled document and snap pencil . burgel suddenly hover by kafka 's side , hand he something . burgel the Chief clerk would like this ready for tomorrow morning . ( oily ) he say it should only take you a extra hour or two . CUT : the office - night Dead silence after the daily racket of typewriter and telephone and add machine . kafka work alone in the utterly desert office building . he look out the window and see a policeman walk by on the street below . he think again about go to the law -- but go back to work . he hear a SOUND . he look around . a sort of a scratching sound . it 's come from the other end of the office somewhere . maybe the bathroom . kafka walk slowly back there . at the bathroom door he pause momentarily , then turn the handle to go inside . bathroom scratch , scratch . kafka look for the source of the sound -- and in sudden startle shock instantly find it -- where a huge arm have just be thrust through a small , high window -- and the ugly hand at the end of the arm be feel around for the window - latch . kafka start back away -- as the hand flip open the latch -- and now the window , swinging open with a bang , and the rest of the intruder start come into view -- out before all of he appear kafka have run out and slam the door behind he . office kafka pull a desk across the bathroom doorway . bathroom the maniac -- because that 's what he posture and breathe , see from the back , suggest -- lurch into the bathroom from the window . office kafka grab he coat -- and a umbrella off a rack . he look back at the bathroom -- the desk rock back and forth as the intruder behind the door push . kafka run away . hallway he run to the elevator , slide open the gate . office crash ! the desk tip over as the bathroom door be force open . elevator kafka descend . the elevator cranking slowly downward . then , near the ground floor , it slow down even further . then it suddenly stop dead . kafka reach for the wall to steady himself . he look through the gate , assess the distance to the ground floor below . he try the gate but it will not open . kafka ( call down there ) -- help ! help ! he look around the tiny space of the elevator . the roof hatch . he reach up , push it open , start to climb up -- and yaahh ! -- the maniac 's face appear in the open ! it 's another monster face -- this one even worse than the one kafka uncover at the quarry . a groan , drool , misshapen lump of wrinkle tissue . and its owner 's arm now come through to stretch after kafka . kafka beat they back with the umbrella while still try to pull the unyield gate open . the maniac yelp as kafka bashes the umbrella up at he , dodging he head out of the way each time the umbrella sweep back at he , swinging he thick arm wildly to ward off blow and try and snatch the umbrella for himself . he finally retreat under the barrage of blow and kafka quickly take the opportunity to lever open the gate with the umbrella . the maniac 's face reappear overhead . kafka stab the umbrella up at he some more -- and the maniac manage to grab it . kafka sit down on the elevator edge to jump down to the ground floor and -- the maniac lunge forward from above , scoop both arm down in a vain attempt to catch kafka just as he drop out of sight -- landing on the ground floor with a roll . the maniac howl at he failure , he feature even more horribly contort , practically fill the small open of the roof hatch as he shriek . and as he atrocious face come closer and closer and closer -- one of he eyeball fall out ! -- pop ! -- out of the socket suddenly -- dangle into the elevator , hang by a single sinewy bloody thread . the maniac cry out and reach for the eyeball , bring it back up to try and stuff back in place ... STREET outside kafka run away from the office building , in horror , off into the night . CUT : kafka' STREET - night he stand at a corner , look at he own house , scared even to go home . but everything seem normal . he start walk there . but when he reach he front door : voice do you think you would be safe back in you little burrow ? kafka turn . one of the assistant stand next to he . other voice no matter how deep a hole you dig for yourself , the beast will always find you . kafka turn the other way . the other Assistant be on he other side . kafka look between the two of they . oskar we be to take you to the Castle . kafka might have expect this . kafka so . you be the guide up there . and we think it be burgel . one of the assistant draw a revolver . the other chuckle . ludwig they would not let burgel into the Castle . you should look upon this as a great favor . kafka start walk the way a flick of the revolver indicate , the assistant flanking he . kafka I do not want any favor from the Castle -- just my rights . ludwig we answer directly to ekman , the senior partner -- he practically run the Castle . in a case like this you be better off deal with the high authority -- even though it 's equally futile . oskar when you speak to he you have to lean quite near he right ear because the leave do not work so well . around the corner they head up in the direction of the Castle . kafka for all you incompetence I be beginning to think you be at least loyal to I . you be very good ham actor . oskar -- just do we job . kafka it 's a farce . ludwig we think you would better accept you position instead of pointlessly annoying we . kafka what position ? be prosecute in a case like this mean have already lose it . oskar still , we be probably closer to you at the moment than any of you fellow human being . kafka Close only by virtue of antithesis . one of the assistant keep make a show of wiping he brow , though it 's by no mean hot . another STREET kafka walk stiffly between the assistant , the three of they almost lock together as one unit , like lifeless matter . kafka ( shaking he head ) my assistant . I should have know . nothing be give to I . I have to acquire everything . oskar ( laugh ) it 's all right to be sarcastic in private to we -- because we have a sense of humor -- but when we be up at the Castle we suggest you do not make a fuss . it would spoil the not unfavorable impression you make in other respects . ludwig frankly , we do not understand why you have even bother pursue this business . kafka it would be more accurate to say that it have pursue I . oskar but you goal be so hard to reach . do you think the official network would surrender to one man ? we would never think of attempt anything remotely as difficult . ludwig my mother use to tell we of the young man who decide to ride to the next village and how she be afraid that -- not even mention accident -- the span of a normal happy life might fall far short of the time need for such a trip . kafka suddenly point at the ground . kafka you have drop some money . the assistant immediately bend they head to look -- and kafka bang they together as hard as he can . the assistant sit on the ground in a stupefy daze while kafka 's run footstep echo around the dark street . CUT : continental coffee house - night bizzlebek , perch on he usual stool , turn to see kafka at he side . kafka you work in the cemetery . bizzlebek a man must eat -- ( raise glass ) and drink . kafka the Castle cemetery . CUT : cemetery - night ancient tombstone crumble with age , slant out of the ground at bizarre angle , and cluttere so close together that a way can scarcely be make between they . bizzlebek lead kafka along the crooked little pathway , overgrown with crawl weed , upwards towards the high section of the cemetery under the dark wall of the Castle . bizzlebek , who know he way around , seem more cheerful here than we have see he before . kafka more fearful . wind whistle . leave rustle . creaking tree cast ghastly shadow . scary tomb , all shape and size , strange symbolic symbol on they , mystical figure and design . try to keep up with bizzlebek , kafka spot a horrendous shape loom ahead of he . he start to bypass it -- and jump when a tall plant brushes against he . bizzlebek ( wait for kafka ) be you sure you would not prefer go through official channel ? the awful dark shape turn out to be no more than a particularly large tombstone , crumble in place to give it a animal - like suggestion . kafka official channel -- a lot of good they have do I . my only hope be to approach the official personally . he keep walk -- and we see that he 's carry the bomb - briefcase he find at eduard 's . bizzlebek -- I be flatter , of course , to be consider a friend -- even without know all the detail . ( kafka do not take that cue ) -- to see such determination be reward enough for I . kafka the kafka man be famous for it , you know . deliver meat barefoot in the depth of winter , pick up sack of flour with they tooth -- a bird rapidly swoops down from a tree , zipping past kafka 's head with a shriek squawk ! kafka ( gulp ) -- oh , yes , determination run in the family . bizzlebek there be one thing I would like you to tell I . kafka I be try to find thing out myself -- that 's the whole point . bizzlebek what make you think I would be able to get you into the Castle ? kafka the cemetery be nearer the Castle than anywhere else -- be not it part of the Castle originally ? -- I always assume there would be a gate or something . ( stop again , concerned ) be not there ? bizzlebek in a manner of speak . CUT : higher ground - night they're at the grave at the very back of the cemetery , right up against the bottom of the Castle wall that stretch high above they into the black sky of night . tree quiver around they . shadows dance . bizzlebek pause at a particular grave , apart from the other , more hide by overgrowth . he run he fingertip over the old , strangely lettere inscription . he look around the graveyard , make sure they be alone , then he move to one side of the stone and lean he weight against it , push . it shift and slide open , uncover the hole that lie beneath . bizzlebek I be restore some stone here in the upper section one day -- and I find this . kafka ( unclear ) a empty tomb ? bizzlebek a cenotaph -- a monument to someone whose remain end up elsewhere . but look -- have light the lantern he 's bring with he , he hold it over the dark hole -- revealing a shaft and the rung of a ladder . bizzlebek the Castle gate be blockade in the time of the great plague -- it 's a escape route . ( offer kafka the lantern ) do not get stick . kafka ( accept it ) not a chance . I be the thinnest person I know . the shaft kafka start to climb down , shoe loud on the rung affix to the stone wall of this well . but then he remember something , pop back up . kafka -- you appreciate my write . bizzlebek ( take aback ) yes . kafka will you do I a favor then ? bizzlebek another one ? kafka if I do not see you later -- go to my house and find my notebook -- and destroy they . all my manuscript -- just burn they . please . bizzlebek what a extraordinary request ! kafka it 's my last and final one . bizzlebek then its authority be in doubt . kafka a true friend would do it . bizzlebek not necessarily . ( a point look ) a wife would . CUT : secret passageway - night a stooping kafka make he way along this gloomy underground artery , the lantern lighting the way . he come to the end of it and what appear to be a little door . he bend low to listen at it -- then unlock the latch . he push -- and the door move forward . other side kafka stand up -- and he 's inside a big filing cabinet drawer . he step out of it and look around . he 's in a entire room full of file cabinet drawer . a morgue of file cabinet drawer . he shut the one he come out of before walk away . " D - 7 " say the label on the outside of it . CUT : vault and crypt kafka make he way through the shadow down here in the underground depth of the Castle . a fiery glow and noise come from a archway ahead of he . when he get to it and look through he see a sweat stoker shoveling coal into a giant furnace . CUT : near the end of a thin passageway a sudden door slam . kafka dodge back around a corner . he hear : the quick cry of a man 's agony , a scuffle of shoe on hard stone floor , a dull thud , a wave of peculiar shout , run footstep , more mumble mingle voice -- which soon die out , leave silence . around the corner kafka walk slowly , strain he neck a bit in expectation of whatever lie ahead . the passage bring he to a row of dungeon cell . a line of door with a bar window in each . one of they be not close -- and lie across the threshold be the laborer who chase kafka from the quarry the other night . the knife be go from he sheath and he scull be cave in , a wooden stool lie on the floor beside he . at the other end of the row of cell another door swing open at the top of a few step . suddenly finger spear through the bar of another cell to touch kafka ! a gaunt man inside . gaunt man you have kill he ! like a dog ! kafka drop he lantern in surprise , and shrink back , crunching glass . gaunt man -- they will not like that . not a bit ! kafka I do not -- the inhabitant of the other cell start rattling they bar and beseech kafka . he look around , bewilder and horrify . hideous face look back at he . gaunt man you will incriminate the rest of we ! let I out too ! shudder , kafka be move away , make it through the shocking gauntlet , toward the door at the other end . horrible voice help we ! -- release we ! gaunt man ( yell above the din ) you be in the bowel now , my friend ! you have throw yourself in it now ! a haggard man who may have have he tongue cut out gesture desperately at a lever on the wall to unlock the cell . kafka start to tentatively reach for it -- when there 's a sudden shriek beside he . he whirl to see , behind more bar , the rave , convolute face of the creature that stalk he at he office ( whose loose eye have now go completely ) -- banging violently against he door . gaunt man let I out -- I be all right -- they have not treat I yet ! we can go together ! but now the evil Mr. pick appear at the end of the passage from which kafka come -- a gun in he hand . mr. pick you ! kafka yank the lever and run away . Mr. pick fire after he , start to chase -- but the prisoner be come out of they cell -- come for he . CUT : spiral stone stairwell kafka run upwards , around and around and around . another floor here be a part of the Castle kafka can understand -- office worker toil away . kafka walk past one long row of they , scribe sit at a single endless desk . they look like student under examination , hunch over they write , a virtual conveyor belt of paperwork . in the center of this floor be a actual conveyor -- a chain pulley run slowly up and down , presumably throughout the entire Castle , through small hole in the floor and ceiling . there be little pocket on the chain which the clerk continually pluck papers out of and slip papers into . the ink bottle of one of the scribe run dry . he take it over to a sink with three tap -- hot , cold -- and the third one he turn -- ink . CUT : corridor kafka pass a friendly clerk . friendly clerk be you lose ? kafka nearly laugh at the enormity of the question . kafka I be , uh , look for the Medical record section . pause . friendly clerk oh , you be mile away . from here you will want to go leave , leave again , right , right again , leave then right , right then leave , and take the Blue staircase . kafka thank you . friendly clerk ( go on he way ) -- I have not see you here before . kafka no ... kafka he stand there , a man in a suit with a briefcase in a antiseptic corridor . kafka ... I be new . CUT : underground cell Mr. pick lean against a door , try to keep back the howling horde of prisoner push from the other side . another jailer join he , help he to try and push the door close . then a second jailer too . a bestial hand reach through and Mr. pick press he pistol muzzle into the outstretch palm -- bang ! -- a book fall to the floor like a pistol - shot -- and kafka hide back in shadow hope no one hear . he 's in a round -- library -- surrounded by book from floor to ceiling , even on the tall door through which he enter . a sliver of light give it away -- and on the other side of it he hear footstep . but they pass by . there 's another sliver of light indicate another door in the book opposite he . he walk over and pull on the shelf . here the dark wood be merely a disguise cover for the shiny modern steel he discover on the other side of it and he find more than that as he enter -- the laboratory a real mad scientist 's workshop . chemical of bizarre color rush and fizz through maze of glass pipe and beaker , in some place boil and steaming , in other frosting or freezing . circuit and test tube flash and glow as spark and filamentary arc crackle with electric incandescence . insane instrument and device , interconnected with complex wire , perform strange and villainous function . it 's the most modern set we have yet see -- but at the same time all this futuristic technology seem somehow archaic , as if put together from old , familiar material and element , both eccentric and eclectic . the chain that run through the floor of the Castle carry document run up and down through the laboratory too . amidst this feast for the eye , what kafka now focus in on a simple cigarette -- leave smoking in a ashtray . and by the look of the ash , not very long ago . kafka look around anxiously -- notice a archway lead to another room . CUT : underground crypt Mr pick and the two jailer can not hold back the dreadful prisoner any longer . Mr. pick run , let the jailer fend for themselves . CUT : laboratory - smaller room kafka come into what look like a small museum -- vertical glass case in which naked body float suspend in preserve gelatin solution . kafka seem deaden himself by all that he 's see -- until he see someone he recognize . the bearded anarchist . kafka go closer . look down , he see that the bearded anarchist have a hand miss . the other anarchist be here in glass case too . now with a gasp kafka turn around -- look for gabriela -- but she 's not here . CUT : MAIN lab holding himself together , and with new determination etched on he face , kafka walk to the center of the lab -- and a operate table . ignoring the implication of the table , he set down the bomb-briefcase -- flick the latch to open it . the sight of the explosive mechanism inside cause he a moment 's hesitation , but a look round at various animal part hang from hook above the table or bob in jar alongside sinister implement laid out in preparation for a operation renew he anger -- and he decisively turn the dial on the bomb 's timer - clock , set it to the maximum allowance of one hour . he close the case and lock its latch . the case begin to tick . kafka take it to a dark spot beneath the mass of elaborate laboratory equipment , hide it under there , and leave . CUT : corridor kafka try find he way back the way he come . end of corridor kafka look down a long dark staircase -- a hint of light glow at the bottom . bottom of staircase just as he reach the light something lunge at he from one side ! it 's the laugh man , hysterical as ever , face now see for the first time , screeching , salivate , eye water . the human hyena . his grin contort he face from ear to ear , he cackling be truly terrifying , and the hand he stretch forward have a tattoo on it ( bearded anarchist 's hand ) -- a hand too big for he wrist -- reach , reach , reach for kafka . CUT : dark office - night the laugh man push kafka down into a chair and shake with uncontrollable sobbing shriek . someone else be sit in darkness behind a huge desk ( murnau ) . his hand hold out a small vial . the laugh man grab it and leave , gulp down its content voraciously . murnau I assume you be wonder ... what all this have be about . kafka try to see into the shadow . kafka be you the head of Medical record ? the door behind kafka open again and a officious bureaucrat ( ekman ) come in . he sit in a chair and look at kafka . murnau ( to ekman ) he 's come on he own initiative . ( to kafka ) -- not something we encourage , mind you , but we like to know it exist . and he 's stand up . murnau what it amount to be simply this ... he 's come around the desk . he 's drying he hand on a towel . murnau a piece of paper be deliver to the wrong clerk . it be essential he bring it back to we . this complication have arisen because he have friend -- like you , among other -- friend unlikely to let a sleep dog lie . he toss the towel onto the desk . ekman look irritate by this . kafka ... a piece of paper ... murnau a mere slip . ( come forward ) you friend Mr. raban deal only with claim that come in , another department be responsible for compensation that go out -- this be correct ? he place a fatherly hand on kafka 's shoulder . murnau ( not quite in the light yet ) through a very unfortunate -- and I might add extremely rare -- mishap , a document intend for the one department be send to the other . and for the first time -- though you friend be not aware of it -- two and two could have be put together to make one . kafka ( again ) ... a piece of paper ... murnau ( face bend into the light ) you see , kafka , in all case relate to the factory at orlac -- which be what this paper refer to -- the authority that put in a request and the authority that grant it be , to all intent and purpose , the same authority . and he 's a impressive , impose figure of authority himself . you would probably trust he . you would certainly respect he . but if you look into he eye , he 's frightening . CUT : underground crypt Mr. pick run from the craze prisoner chase he . fire he gun back at they , drop one or two -- but then run out of bullet . the prisoner slowly surround he . he back away . one of that chain that run throughout the Castle have its base here . Mr. pick keep back up , unavoidably , the derange prisoner close in -- until he fall backwards with a cry into the grind wheel of the chain -system . caught up in the chain , he 's carry aloft with it , up to the ceiling . the chain be the lifeline of the Castle and do not , could not , ever stop . instead it force Mr. pick to go along with it , he head cracking through the glass or wood " manhole " cover through which the chain pass . CUT : murnau' office kafka try not to flinch in the presence of this deadly figure . murnau -- you seem amused . kafka it only amuse I in that it give I a insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstance may decide the life of a human be . ekman sigh -- as if at a difficult child . murnau it 's merely a matter of expediency . it 's imperative that my room to maneuver not be hinder by ... bureaucratic ramification . ekman , who do not hear very well , direct one ear in particular back and forth between the other two . kafka just keep look at the charismatic man pace around he -- who 's now lighting a expensive cigarette of the kind that be in the ashtray at the lab . murnau -- if a obscure official up there in the distant mountain so far away from civilize influence happen to meet with a unfortunate accident -- and should he tragically die in spite of the District Medical Officer 's strenuous effort to save he -- the firm want to see the next of kin pacify and the disposition of the remain handle with the great possible ... efficiency . kafka ( become clearer ) " Accident and compensation " -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promise . murnau ( to ekman ) I believe we have exceed he expectation . kafka ( virtually to himself ) I have the grandest of financial plot in mind , the most malevolent of personal motive , conspiracy theory extend to every ... authority I could see . ( look up ) and I find you . a body snatcher . murnau laugh . murnau life be more than a chinese puzzle , my friend . CUT : floor of clerk uniformly , like a chorus line , the infinite row of clerk turn they head from they single endless desk when they hear a awful noise : Mr. pick be break through from the floor below . the inexorably rise chain have haul he floor by floor through the Castle , break open hole too small for he body , shredd he along the way , and still carry he upwards ... CUT : castle corridor kafka walk along with murnau and ekman . the laugh man hold kafka 's arm . kafka and I suppose Dr. murnau do not die in a cave - in . you kill he to free the position of orlac Medical Officer for you own end . murnau yes , well -- we be look for a new village now . if we stay too long at one source ... people become suspicious . they pass another of that grind chain carry memo and inter-office directive up and down . murnau but you be quite right that he do not die in that cave - in . in fact , he do not die at all . he be simply recall -- by himself . as well as be head of Medical record here and a director of you firm -- I be Dr. murnau , of course . the laugh man giggle crazily . library the laugh man , subdued for a moment , merely smile a little , open the door to let kafka in first , guard he close . Dr. murnau then lead the way across to he laboratory door . murnau May I ask where you two warder be ? kafka lying in the gutter where they belong . murnau laugh , but then have to stop as it encourage the laugh man , bring forth a mad chuckle or two from he . murnau pity . they be a amusing pair , do not you find ? absolute innocent . he push the tall door open into he lab . laboratory murnau spread he hand proudly as they enter , display he amazing factory . murnau I so rarely get the chance of show my work to anybody -- anybody capable of appreciate it , that be . you might say I be a student of human reaction . ekman , who 's see it all before , go to lean somewhere , bored . kafka the fact that it 's live body you practice you trade on do not seem to matter to you . murnau on the contrary , it matter a great deal . we be engage in immensely important research here . I be a revolutionary too , you know -- but a much more pragmatic one . as if in response to that the laugh man convulse anew . ekman immediately turn to a shelf for another vial and go to give it to the laugh man . murnau -- I can not very well administer experimental treatment to corpse -- and if they become corpse , why , they have they use too -- that 's why speed be essential . live tissue , even if its owner have pass on , be we most valuable acquisition . the laugh man gulp down the potion and start to calm down a little . murnau we have try transfusion on we ... volunteer . unfortunately , far from infuse superior characteristic it 's tend to make they insane -- murderous even -- a condition we have have occasion to make use of . the hidden bomb -case ticking lightly away . the clock inside the bomb-case , become visible as if by X - Ray , be see to be a matter of minute away from blast -off . the lab murnau walk to where the elaborate distillation process be go on . the very section where kafka hide the bomb . kafka wipe he brow , quickly , conscious of ekman stare at he . murnau gaze obsessively at he contraption , he pierce eye follow the route of the flow chemical . murnau -- and the new patient they bring I be not usually as dexterous as you have be in evade we . not perfect specimen by any mean , but not the type of person who will be miss either . kafka what have you do with gabriela rossmann ? murnau as a matter of fact you have catch we in a state of considerable excitement . we latest preparation we believe -- we pray -- be perfect . it should take year off she . he 's concoct another potion now , pour a acidic-look liquid from one container to another . kafka be look increasingly worried . murnau and if not -- well , there be always what I call my caprice of vivisection . he glance at the dangle animal part . and now , finish mixing he cocktail , he pick up some sort of suture tool , press the trigger on it to start the end burn and sizzling . murnau actually , if it be not for the aberrant dilemma pose by someone like yourself -- continually ask for out - of - date file -- I would probably give up my revisionist policy altogether . I be sure what we have to do be start instead at the very inception -- with the embryo -- from a single cell even . ( leer at kafka ) the lure of the golem -- the man-made man . you appreciate that , I know . ekman take kafka by the arm to lead he toward the operate table . the laugh man move in closer too , emit a psychotic chortle . murnau to corrupt the image of man and then offer redemption ... this be the dawn , kafka . a new man be be bear here . a more resilient man ... a superman . kafka attempt a escape around the operate table , but the laugh man block he way and corral he back to where he be before . Dr. murnau hold out the sinister aperitif for kafka to take and drink in toast . murnau to a new world -- of god and monster . the glass come closer and closer to kafka 's lip -- if he lean away from it any further he will be lie on the operate table -- but now a wrenching noise make everybody turn . the body of Mr. pick , bloody and rag , be drag up with a smash through a break floor - panel by the great chain . kafka have he chance . the next time anyone look at he he 's hold the nozzle of the burn device under ekman 's throat , finger on the trigger . -- and on the other side of the laboratory a wide elevator platform rise into view -- carry the prisoner from the dungeon ! kafka throw ekman aside and run away . ekman Falls to the floor , hold he hand up over he head with a scream as the ghastly creature from the depth converge on he -- but they pass he by -- intent on get murnau . the last out of the elevator be the most horrible beast - man yet -- and we finally see the use to which various animal - part have be put . murnau just stand by the operate table , wait for they . he know there 's no way out and he 's far too practical a man to waste energy run or scream . CUT : doorway kafka run through the Castle , through door after door after door after door , leave they all bang behind he , back and forth . CUT : the laboratory ekman stumble to he foot , watch in horror as the prisoner of the Castle strap murnau to he own operate table . one by one , the prisoner file past the intricate surgical tool neatly laid out on white cloth . each prisoner select the implement of he choice . ekman , too , run away out of the laboratory . the laugh man , snicker , be not sure whose side he 's on . but then , laughter build , he go to join the other in line . CUT : doorway kafka still run in the maze -- through a final door . and he find himself right back in -- the library with the brightness of the laboratory face he through its open door . horrible sound come from in there . the hidden bomb -case almost time . kafka running again , through the maze of corridor . he hear run footstep behind he -- look back to see ekman run after he . ekman catch up -- but run past kafka in he panic to escape -- out onto a metal walkway around a central area of office . the laboratory murnau can not be see , only the derange man huddle closely around the operate table . the hidden bomb -case abruptly stop tick . the central office the floor shudder as the boom in the laboratory be hear and feel . the metal walkway break and ekman go slide off it -- while kafka manage to hang on . he duck he face down as glass from all the surround office window shatter and shower -- and then paper start sailing down all around . literally a hailstorm of document . on the floor below where he fall , ekman try to stand , but the fall flurry of paper keep he at bay . he wave he hand wildly try to see he way through it all , but it 's too much . now he foot be trap in it . it 's start to rise around he leg . paper be flutter down from floor and floor of surround office above , fill the air . ekman suffocate and drown and disappear in the paper pile up around he -- one lone arm and hand the last we see of he . the laboratory totally wreck -- and jutting out of the break wall be burst pipe -- spurting red , blue , and black ink everywhere . the central office kafka be manage to climb back onto the unsafe metal walkway -- when zing ! -- a bullet ricochet near he . the assistant ! they have nearly fall through another doorway where the walkway on that side break , but get each other stick in the door just in time . one of they be wildly firing a revolver in kafka 's direction . the other try to grab it and both FIRE it together in all direction . kafka run away , avoid a snake of break wire , flipping about , sparking off the metal . the assistant , shove each other , extricate themselves back through they doorway to find another way to chase kafka . the laboratory the burst ink pipe drip empty . the sound of maniacal laughter abruptly stop . the ink have fill the lab halfway to the ceiling . it 's cover everything and every ... body . a last bubble pop , leave a lake of ink with a surface smooth as glass . CUT : underground file vault kafka have find he way back here -- rush in . but wait : which file cabinet do he come out of ? he 's surround by file cabinet drawer all alike . he start run around , pull open drawer , try to find the secret doorway through one of they . spiral stone staircase here come the assistant , run round and round . underground file vault kafka run round and round , open drawer after drawer . he find the one ! jump in ! pull it close after he just as -- -- the assistant stumble in . they look at each other , then immediately start rush around open drawer . they run back and forth and all around , bump into each other , make themselves dizzy . ludwig ( pull open a drawer ) oskar ! oskar ( turn from another ) ludwig ? -- but ludwig just pull out a file folder . ludwig this be file incorrectly ! oskar here too ! they be all in a dreadful muddle ! they start trading file back and forth , try to put the system back in order . the attention span of squirrel , they have forget all about look for kafka . CUT : castle gate - dawn open . the police Inspector enter the main courtyard . behind he come the two secondary policeman . behind they , obscurely , a few more . castle courtyard he and he man pause , reacting ... ... as the few wretch survivor of the Castle prison stagger out of the shadow to greet they . CUT : embankment - morning on the Old town side of the River . foggy . kafka walk slowly , tiredly . he look up at the sky , but the sky be a silver shield against anyone who look for help from it . further on kafka stop . turn . do he hear something other than the wind and the water ? further on he pass through a small park , approach a gate on the other side of it . leave rustling . mist swirl around he . he open the gate and -- boo ! gabriela stand there , half in shadow , in profile . her glorious profile . kafka gabriela ! -- you do get away . gabriela I know you walk this way to work . I want to find you before they do . kafka -- I have just come from the Castle . it 's over . gabriela ( she eye glance far away ) over ? it 's only over when you can crawl to a clean little spot on earth where the sun sometimes shine and you can warm yourself a bit . kafka be beginning to sense something quite wrong with she . kafka gabriela ...? gabriela should I tell you why I join we late lament nihilist ? why I become a murderer ? because murder ... be bliss . ( look at he ) it 's easier than you might think to absorb and assimilate evil -- once you have adopt its procedure . kafka just watch she ... the breeze sing in the air . gabriela have you ever watch a person deteriorate ? Day by day . I do not mean in a spiritual sense . kafka do not answer . she turn fully to he . the other side of she beautiful face be ... fungus . alive . seethe . frothing . bubble . kafka back away a couple of step . gabriela only two step back ? even the man they leave to guard I retreat further than that . kafka I -- I find you jailer . gabriela this be the result of they elixir of youth . they be to come and check on it during the night . I contrive to miss the appointment . kafka they be dead now . we can get help . gabriela I know how they reward failure . if they see this I would be rotting in the quarry by the afternoon -- with all the other . kafka there 's a new potion -- he say it be perfect . gabriela I know there be . and you be what I have to bargain with . for now you be the last one in they way . kafka I tell you , they be dead . it 's finish . gabriela why should I believe a man who never believe I ? they be absolutely right , you know -- guilt should never be doubted . it 's easier that way . kafka start to back away some more . gabriela start to follow he . gabriela I think you have just escape for the moment . just as I do . as eduard do . as they let we do . but only for the moment . kafka no -- not this time . gabriela I know better than you what people will say when they have to . when they bring I in for question I inform on my friend the very first day . kafka -- listen to I -- gabriela I do . always . you understand the world better than any of we , kafka . and what it 's become . ( pause ) I have always hold you in the high regard . and suddenly she 's slashed a knife across kafka 's chest . he shout in pain , staggering backwards . she come after he . kafka -- gabriela ! she come after he , blade glisten . kafka do he best to run . the bridge kafka giddily stagger forward , one arm wrap around he bleed chest , gabriela close behind he . too close for he to get away . he turn to face she as he reach the bridge and as she come upon he again with the knife , raise he arm to block the thrust and hold she wrist back . she 's strong , though , make more so by she madness . she force he down to the ground , straddle he , the knife push closer . kafka gasp in pain , finally succumb , no longer able to hold he hand up in defense , simply shutting he eye with a terrible sigh to await the fatal stab . it do not come . almost . but not quite . gabriela 's arm pause , shaking in the cool , cloudy air , she sleeve tremble in the breeze off the River , the sharp blade , inch from kafka 's throat , flash in the new day 's light . gabriela stare away over the River , the destroy half of she face in shadow again , the other more strikingly beautiful than ever . as kafka watch , passive , she get off he and slowly walk to the wall of the bridge , let the knife drop from she hand along the way . kafka manage to lift himself to he knee , clutching he wound . he look up . gabriela in one graceful movement climb over the wall and throw herself into the River . kafka lower he head . CUT : continental coffee shop - morning quiet in here . Breakfast business not as crowded as evening . kafka sit alone at he usual table . look daze , almost in shock . mostly just tired . wait . he sip from he coffee cup . he cough a little into he napkin -- and notice blood on it . he have a pen in he hand . tapping it slowly on a newspaper on the table ... bizzlebek come into the coffee house . he see kafka sit in the far corner and give a grand smile and wave . but then he notice kafka 's other friend enter and he would rather not have to deal with they -- so he give kafka a " catch you later " gesture and turn onto he own usual stool at the bar . kafka stare at he friend over there . they be take off they coat and greeting other people . the girl , Anna , be the first to start walk to join he . he start to write , a first line that have occur to he , the pen move as if he can not help himself ... kafka' voice dearest Father ... Anna 's approach . kafka just watch she come . he know he will end up go out with she , sleep with she , get engage to she ... we see the future on kafka 's face kafka' voice you ask I recently why I maintain that I be afraid of you ... CUT : kafka' house - night alone again in he little room , kafka write on into the night . the famous " letter to his Father " be page and page long . we notice too that he chest have be bandage . he cough a little as he force himself to keep write . kafka' voice naturally thing cannot in reality fit together the way the evidence do in my letter -- life be more than a chinese puzzle . but in my opinion something have be achieve which so closely approximate the truth that it might reassure we both a little and make we live and we die easier . fade out fade in waterfront wharve - morning the assistant sit on a big pack crate , brush soot from they suit , shaking dust out of they hair , fiddling with the rip in they jacket and trousers . ludwig we could go back to the office . explain ourselves to the Chief clerk . oskar they would drive we away . that kafka 's make thing very hot for we . ludwig I understand he be wounded in the lung . oskar ( sulky ) it do not matter . it 's too late for all of we . ludwig ( look at o. ) what 's to become of we now ? oskar have a long think . oskar ( look at L. ) amerika . that 's the place to go . ludwig jump off the box and gape at oskar , tremendously impressed by this brainstorm . ludwig everyone in amerika have a toaster in they building ! oskar jump down from the box . oskar then that 's the place for we ! ludwig amerika for we ! oskar amerika ! and , link arm , they do a strange dance along the quay ...