" kalifornia " screenplay by Tim Metcalfe base on a story by Stephen levy and Tim Metcalfe shoot draft ext . - night it 's raining like hell . flashes of lightning reveal momentary glimpsis of a decaye urban / industrial landscape . Far below we , a mysterious glisten wet rock lie engulf in the drown earth . we descend toward the rock . sporadic flash of lightning distort we perspective of the stone . it look strangely beautiful , like a diamond stick in the dark mud ... closer ... closer ... suddenly , strong male hand cut across the frame and wrench it free from its muddy grave . even closer ... and we discover that the underbelly of this beautiful rock be teeming with every kind of slithering repulsive insect ... flash !!* lightn obliterate the frame . (* flash of light from lightning , car headlight , photographic strobe unit and flashlight be use throughout the follow sequence as recur transitional device . ) CITY STREET ext . night we can barely see the darken street in a run down part of a inner city -- what we can see look half demolish . flash !! through chain link fencing , the blind headlight of a 7u' chevy arc into frame . for a instant we see the fleeting image of a pretty teenage girl . on she foot a pair of bright red high heele shoe . the chevy pull up next to she . int . 7u' chevy - night flash !! a oncoming car 's headlight streak across the beat up chevy 's windshield ... revealing ... the driver , 45ish , as he lean across the passenger seat and open the car door . the pretty teenage girl slide into the car . dress only in a skirt and t- shirt , she 's soak to the skin . make - up run down she face and she hair stick to she bare shoulder . she seem nervous ... scared even . pretty teenage girl thanks . as she close the car door the man notice that she hand have be injure . it 's bound with coarse white toweling and stain with blood . in she other hand , she cling tightly to a cheap yellow leather purse . he reach forward and put he hand on the gear-shift , the back of he hand brush against she leg , she move away . he slide the gear-shift into drive . another car 's headlight flare the windshield as he pull out into the night . int . roofless old warehouse - night suddenly ... a powerful photographic strobe light ignites ! revealing a decrepit warehouse interior . silhouett briefly against the paint chip wall be two figure : a man , brian kessler , 25 , short chop hair dress in black on black , and a woman , carrie laughlin , 25 , short black hair and tight black clothes . carrie hold a 35 mm still camera , a umbilical cord run to a strobe light . Brian hold a flashlight in one hand , a tape recorder in the other . he begin speak into the tape recorder . brian her father work the night shift here . most night he would bring she with he . ( pause ) she be eleven year old . his flashlight scan the ominous environment . carrie take flash photo . ext . construction site - night emerging from the blackness ... the same strong male hand that unearth the rock now pull he rain soak jacket clear of he torso . a crude bandage wrap around one of the finger . the rock be slip up under he jacket ... up against he bare chest . the jacket be pull down to conceal the rock and the faceless figure drift away . int . roofless old warehouse - night the beam of Brian 's flashlight sweep through the darkness , revealing another room . brian this be it . this be the where he would take she whenever he have the urge to molest she . the flashlight find the corner in question . flash !! the warehouse light up again , revealing a huge machine room . brian of course ! nobody would have hear she cry over the noise of the machine . int . 7u' chevy - night a male hand wipe the steamy condensation clear of he car 's front window . the windshield wiper swipe incessantly at the constant sheet of rain beyond . driver damn ! this defroster never work ... the driver fidget blindly with the various lever and knob . he finally manage to get the defroster and heater to work . the girl lean forward into the stream of warm air . pretty teenage girl ... mmm ... feel good . she close she eye , let it blow across she face . he watch she . his eye linger on she body . driver have a problem with you car ? she pull she wet hair off she bruise face and give he a nervous smile . pretty teenage girl no. ( beat ) my problem 's with man . he throw a curious look at she , then back to the highway . int . roofless old warehouse - night Brian 's flashlight move around the room . brian this be where she murder she first victim . they find he body over in the corner , shot through the head . the flashlight continue to search through the darkness . brian they find she second victim over there . another flash !!!!! int . 7u' chevy very close on the girl 's yellow purse ... as the metal zipper be pull open . the driver notice she open the purse . pretty teenage girl okay if I smoke ? driver ( unconvincingly ) ...sure . the driver watch as she reach into the purse ... out a soggy pack of match . she look at they ... I look to the driver . pretty teenage girl my match be all wet . you get a lighter ? driver ( scan the dashboard ) yeah . it 's here somewhere . it 's my wife 's car . ah ... there it be . he push the cigarette lighter in to heat . out of the corner of he eye , he see the girl 's hand slip back in she purse . and stay there . she stare at the car lighter and ... wait . the driver glance at she , then back to the lighter . int . roofless old warehouse flash !! as another strobe light ignites . tape recorder hand , Brian continue ... brian she lure they here with the promise of sex . ( beat ) imagine the anger and hatred she must have feel return to this place . do she use that to help she pull the trigger ? carrie snap another shot . flash !! the blind flash illuminate the night rain stream in through the fracture remain of the ceiling . carrie shhhhhhhhh . Brian stop talk . carrie scan the darkness . from the quiet ... a thunderous roar !! int . 7u' chevy - night a blind flash !! as ... a semi-trailer cross path with the 7u' chevy . Close on the girl . a intent expression on she face as she watch and wait ... for the cigarette lighter to eject . his hand reach deeper into she purse . the Driver tense as he see this . suddenly ... pop !! the lighter eject . the Driver reach for the dash . the girl hurriedly lift something out from inside the bag . the Driver yank the lighter out ... and whip a look to the girl . int . roofless old warehouse Brian 's flashlight sweep across the shadow remain of the rafter and catwalk . scan ... listen ... Brian and carrie glance tentatively at each other ... then slowly carrie lift the portable strobe unit upward until it be point into the rafter . carrie fire a shot , trigger a brilliant flash !! CUT to : flash ! out of the inky black ... the glisten wet rock emerge , hurtle downward ... tumble end over end through the night rain ... int . 7u' chevy the girl pull a pack of cigarettes out of she purse . she look curiously to the driver whose hand be tremble slightly . pretty teenage girl what 's the matter ? driver ( unconvincingly ) ... nothing . the girl reach out , steady he tremble hand ... and pull the red hot coil to the cigarette between she lip . when ... in a thunderous crash !! the glisten wet rock come smash through they windshield !!!! ext . freeway - night the chevy brake ... skid across the rain-slicked pavement and turn a somersault , landing upside down on its hood . another angle : closer the camera drift across the fracture front end of the overturn chevy . the twisted hunk of metal hiss ... steam ... groan . the front tire spin lazily to a halt on its mangle axle . in the background - high overhead we see a man stand on a highway overpass . he 's lean on the railing and calmly look down at the wreck car . closer early grayce , 25 , athletic build , big watery eye , jet black hair , stand by the railing . rain streak down he expressionless face . he drop the rock . early's Pov - the 7u' chevy lying in the desert highway . the Driver crawl out cover with blood . still clutch in he hand be the car cigarette lighter . its red hot coil extinguish quickly to a faint glow . angle : closer on early calmly look down with no pity . even closer ... Water run down he face . closer yet ... on he eye ... and right into the dilate pupil . as we enter it -- it 's like be in a dark wind tunnel fill with the hum of dynamo and the loud rhythmic pump of powerful machinery . from somewhere in the blackness the distant echo of a woman 's voice . kim ( o.s. ) be you dead or alive ? int . apartment - brian be ear - later that night still hearing the whine from some tremendous dynamo , we emerge from the inside of brian right eardrum , pull back far enough to see he face . kim ( o.s. ) Brian ? Brian be distract , distant , not pay attention to the game of " twenty question " that he be play . brian Dead . kim ( o.s. ) ( sarcastic ) obviously ! new angle a small party in progress . Graduate student type , smoking , drink . the usual . carrie and Brian stand out in this group , they look be more stylize , they attitude less complacent . carrie , in particular , look restless . carl man or woman ? brian man . carrie tune in and pay attention to the game . claudia Real or fictional . brian Real . carrie Ted Bundy . Brian 's eye dart to carrie . the look on he face tell everyone she nail it . Brian get up to get another drink . several people laugh , amaze that carrie know Brian so well . claudia what a guess ! carl do not count , she 's disqualified . carrie why ? carl because you have be live with he , and he thesis for the last year and a half . ( beat ) he 's probably be research Ted Bundy all week . peter Carl , you be the world 's worst loser ! Carl look over to carrie . she give he the finger and a cheeky smile . carol , sit next to carrie , ask ... carol any word from that gallery ? carrie not yet . carol nervous ? carrie ... apprehensive . let 's not forget this be the people who ban the Mapplethorpe show . anyway , California 's load with gallery . carol ( nod toward Brian ) you mean ' Ted Bundy 's ' finally agree to leave ? carrie watch Brian disappear into another room . carrie ... soon as he finish he thesis . carol listen , Eric 's be " finish " he for over three year now . carrie light a cigarette . her frustration be show . carrie yeah , well Brian 's get ' till the end of the summer , then I be outta here . she get up and begin weaving she way through the crowded room . Carol follow . carol I be sorry , but I just can not see you veggin ' out in la-la land . carrie oh , I do not know ... I think that once I dye my hair blonde , buy a string bikini and cultivate that tan ... I could be veggin ' out with the best of them ... ( do a valley - girl / beach bunny ) like fer shurr ! carrie and Carol share a strain laugh . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . apartment kitchen - few moment later the room 's crowded with people . there 's a lot of noise -- " shop talk , " banter . clipped conversation overlap , as we find Brian with he friend Eric . they be in the midst of make a blender of margaritas . brian I be talk about the mind and culpability of a serial killer . someone who have no ability to distinguish between right and wrong should not be imprison , let alone execute . Eric dump in a handful of ice cube as Brian pour in the booze . eric oh , here we go again . let 's just lay it all at the altar of misfire synapse , amok biochemicals and horrendous childhood . brian look , it 's a fact , most of this people suffer from a severe chemical brain imbalance . ( beat ) that enough tequila ? eric probably not ... Brian pour in the rest of the bottle . brian ( to Eric ) the answer be research and treatment under hospital supervise condition , not the electric chair ! Eric look for triple sec in the cupboard . peter overhear they on he way to the refrigerator . peter yeah , until it 's you mother 's head they find in the refrigerator . he pull open the refrigerator door and grab two beer . carrie step up behind Brian . brian execute the killer would not bring my mother back . carrie thank god ! Brian turn to see carrie now behind he . she wrap she arm around he neck . brian ( sarcastic to carrie ) ha , ha . eric yeah , but it would sure make you feel better , would not it ? brian no , it would not make I feel better . Peter find triple sec in the refrigerator . peter ... look for this ? Eric take the triple sec from Peter and pour some in the blender . he turn it on . it whine . carrie ( to Brian ) if I have to listen to one more " tweed " talk about he dissertation , I be go to throw up . eric ( to Brian ) label it anyway you want , the bottom line be this people be evil , plain and simple . brian ( continue with Eric ) okay , now you want to talk about good versus evil ? well then let 's start with Adam and Eve and the snake . carrie who do I have to blow to get out of here ? brian ( reconsider ) a ... I gotta go . ext . lucky STREET grill a relic from the fifty with large glass window . the rain have stop but the street be still wet . early 's piece of shit Grand prix pull into the lot . he get out and walk into the diner . int . diner - night the place be almost empty . early , still wet from the rain , walk to the counter and sit down . he call out to the kitchen . early coffee and a bowl of chili , please . waitress ( o.s. ) ... be right there . the only other customer be a old man , sit at the counter nearby nursing a cup of coffee . his face half hide under a rain soak hat . early select a tune from the countertop juke box . old man' Pov out of the corner of he eye he see a bug ( from the concrete block ) crawl out of early 's sleeve and onto the counter . old man ( from beneath he shadowy brim ... ) the Antichrist will be a woman , in a man 's body . Seven head and seven tail . early gaze at the Old man curiously , then call out to the waitress ... early make that to go . early notice the small bug crawl across the counter . he lean closer to it and watch it . after a moment , he thwacks it off the counter with he thumb and finger . the bug land on the hot iron griddle with a sizzle ! early glance at the Old man again ... then scoot over one stool closer to he . early seem curious to want to get a glimpse under the brim of the Old man 's hat . in the back kitchen area the waitress be bag early 's order to go ... when the front door slam shut ! front dine area the waitress re-enter the room . it 's empty . neither the Old man nor early be there . with early 's food in hand , she make she way along the rear of the counter toward the front door . she glance around curiously . on the griddle , the remain of something black and char smoulder . closer to the entrance , she stare at the front door . the sign that hang in its window have be turn ... the backside which face she read " OPEN . " at the front door she wonder about the sign for a moment , then stare curiously out the window ... not a soul in sight . she lock the door and begin close up for the night . she turn to make she way to the rear of the diner then notice something . slowly she move along the side wall , past a number of highbacked booth . her Pov sitting on one of the funky old leather seat in a booth be a pair of red high heeled shoe ( the same pair wear earlier by the pretty teenage girl ) . the waitress glance nervously about the interior . no one in sight . at the booth she reach down slowly and pick up the pair of shoe . look at they closely . stare at the inside lining . then suddenly out of the quiet ... a voice . early ... size 6 . the waitress spin a startle look to the booth beyond hers ! early lean out from behind the highback partition . early that 's right be not it , size 6 ? the waitress ... smile , nod shyly . early happy birthday Adele . adele early , you be so sweet . this be adele corner . she 's 17 , pretty , uneducate and early 's girlfriend . she step over to he , give he a kiss , then sit down on the seat across from he . she start to try on she new shoe . adele I feel kind of like the wizard of oz , you know when she get the red shoe . early well dorothy , why do not you hand I that chili there . she pass the bag to early . he dig in . between bite , he glance over to Adele who 's enthusiastically pull on the new shoe . int . brian and carrie' loft apartment - later that night a door swing open spilling light into a darken room . Brian and carrie , a little drunk , return home from the party . they apartment be in a old convert industrial building in a funky low rent part of town . Brian walk ahead , carrie trail behind he , peel off she clothes . she begin unzipping she dress , unnotice by Brian . brian tonight turn out to be pretty interesting . carrie the party ? she grab a leather cap that sit on a chair . brian the warehouse . I be not that drunk . carrie it be definitely the high point of the evening . carrie 's dress fall to the floor . brian ( get excited ) just be there where it really happen . it be different ... more visceral . carrie mmm ... I love it when you talk like that . Brian be at the foot of the bed , he turn to see ... carrie have transformed . she have stripped down to she black bra and panty , fishnet stocking , a nightporter style leather cap . a surprised Brian stand there a moment . look at carrie . she look great . omitted carrie push Brian back onto the bed . omitted carrie climb on top of he . she kiss he neck . slowly start work she lip across he chest and down he stomach . ext . early's trailer - morning a solitary trailer sit alongside a run down house . int . early's trailer - morning through the soot tinged atmosphere , sunlight filter in past the curtain window . early be lie face down in bed , he right arm extend over the side . Adele be in the kitchen half dress , and unsuccessfully attempt to iron one of early 's shirt . she realize the iron be out of water , she set it down and step to the sink and fill a glass with water . as she do she glance at a cactus on the counter . omitted adele you thirsty Lucy ? omitted she water she small cactus ( Lucy ) . adele Bet that feel good , do not it ? new angle - the refrigerator Adele smile then notice that a photo hold to the fridge by a decorative magnet have fall to the floor . she pick it up . adele now if that be not momma 's little angel . Adele put it back onto the fridge . it be a photo of a young early with he mother . in the photo early appear to be about ten or eleven . he stand next to he mother . her arm be drape over he shoulder , she be hold a drink . a cigarette butt dangle between she finger . nearby a portable radio be tune to music , when the local radio jingle come on and segues to the news . new angle on early a handkerchief bandana be tie around he head and over he eye . the newscaster be voice get louder . newscaster ( o.s. ) ... two more victim last night , when a twenty pound rock smashed through the windshield of they car ... closer - early's face slowly he reach to he face and lift the bandana up off one eye . even closer on he leave eyelid . it flutter ... pop open and blink . now ... he eyeball stare right at we . the pitch black pupil contract in the morning light . the newscaster 's voice continue to amplify ... newscaster this be the third such attack in the past month and while a extensive police operation be underway ... no arrest have yet be make . the newscaster 's voice quickly fade away . early calmly close he eye and drift back to sleep . ext . early's trailer - late morning early emerge from the trailer drink a bottle of beer . he look around the yard , it 's full of various kind of useless junk . he walk over to he car . Adele appear in the doorway of the trailer in she bathrobe . adele early ... she glance around to make certain that no one 's look , then ' flash ' she body to early with a giggle . adele have a good one . early smile . Adele turn back into the trailer then , remember ... adele oh ... I forget to tell you , Mr. diebold be by again yesterday . early look at the run down house next door where diebold life . a beat up red pick - up be park in front . adele he say , if he be not get the rest of he money by the end of the month , he 's gonna " kick we the ... ( spell the word fuck to avoid say it ) f-u-c - k outta here . " early work he jaw , think . early he say that , huh ? curse in front of you ? Adele nod . adele you gonna talk to he ? early get in he car . early if he come back , do not answer the door . early revs the raspy engine . adele suppose he hear I inside ? Adele 's word be unheard as early pull away fling he beer bottle at a couple of chain pitbull in diebold 's front yard . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . brian and carrie' loft - afternoon Brian enter the darken loft interior . brian I pick up some chinese . do you hear from the gallery ? Brian turn the corner , he 's immediately greet by a series of erotic image be project on the far wall . they be slide of carrie 's photographic work . in regard to the nature and content of carrie 's photographic work , she photograph address the sexual collision of opposite . " what if 's . " the subject of she photograph be hypothetical and highly unlikely partner . Studies in contract . moment of passion . brian ( tentative ) you get you slide back . from across the room , he hear carrie 's disembody voice . he drift toward the couch . carrie yeah , same old shit . too graphic ... not suitable for mass consumption ... one of that ... I forget . who care . Brian find she slump down on the couch . he sit down . she 's get a drink in she hand . a bottle on she lap . she continue to click through the slide . as she ramble on , it 's obvious that she 's definitely under the influence of something 90 proof . carrie Christ Brian I be die here ... you be too , you just do not know it yet . you be too busy work on that damned thesis ... and , thing be ... when you finally do finish it , it 's just gonna get file away on some shelf at the University Library ... then what ? Brian can see she 's upset . drowsy from the booze . he just watch she . listen . her word linger in he head . carrie ( continue ) I think you want to be a writer . brian ( quietly ) ... I do . carrie then you can write anywhere . let 's get out of here , while we still can . brian carrie , come on ... we can leave anytime we ... carrie no we can not . we can never leave once you start talk about tenure ... and vacation pay ... and parking privilege and ... oh shit ! let 's just go to California now , right now , before it 's too late . brian ... just like that ? carrie just like that . load up the lincoln ... point it West ... stop when we hit the fuck ocean . the bold graphic sexual photograph of carrie 's continue to accentuate she comment . carrie that 's half the kick anyway . do something you have never do before . experience something ... different . something ... unpredictable . Brian notice a envelope on the floor nearby . he pick it up . open it . Inside , he find the photograph carrie take at the warehouse . interested , he shuffles through they . he become more and more intrigue with what he see . brian ... this be great . he glance over to carrie ... she 's fall asleep . he reach over and quietly pull the drink glass from she hand . ext . early's trailer - late afternoon early 's Grand prix have a head of steam up as it tear across the drive and hang a hard right into he parking space next to the trailer . suddenly , early hit the brake hard ! another car be park there . int . early's trailer early spill through the doorway . early Adele , who 's car 's that out ... early spot he parole officer stand in the bedroom area snooping around . he have a prosthetic hand which he use to search through early 's thing . parole officer she 's not here . the parole Officer hiccup throughout the scene . early what be you doin ' here ? I be not suppose to be at the parole Office ' till tomorrow , two o'clock . early notice the man look through some of he letter and papers . parole officer Social call . the parole Officer open one of the closet door , pilfer through thing inside , as if search for something . early be get piss off but say nothing . parole officer you be suppose to call I when you lose you job early . I stop by the mirror factory today , you leave quite a mess behind there . early be not my fault ... he lift he crudely bandage middle finger . early ... it be dangerous there and they treat I like shit . parole Officer step over to the refrigerator , open it , snoops around inside . parole officer ( swallow a hiccup ) yeah ... well you never have be ' treat right ' ... have you ? ( hiccup ) you father be pickin ' on you when he throw you out of the house for steal the tire off he truck . the Marines misunderstand you when they give you that dishonorable discharge . he finish with the refrigerator and continue he search through the drawer and cabinet of the trailer . parole officer ( hiccup ) ... the police be way out of line when they stop you from beat that bartender half to death . and no doubt God will be pickin ' on you on judgement Day ... early I be not get nothing against God . it 's the people he let come into the world ... lot of they should have be stop at the door . what be you look for ? the parole Officer ignore the question . he step up to a sink overflow with dirty dish . parole officer that girlfriend of yours be not much for housekeep , be she . early dismiss the place with a glance . early I be think about move ... early open the refrigerator , grab a bottle of beer . early maybe down to Texas ... probably get some work on they offshore oil rig . hear the pay 's good ... hell , the weather 's get to be better and here . early sit down at the table . the parole Officer step over to he . parole officer what be you talk about ? you know you can not leave the state . ( hiccup ) what you can do be get a job . the parole Officer pull a slip of paper from he shirt pocket , set it on the table . parole officer you be at this personnel office , Friday , three o'clock sharp . early what be it ? parole officer ... janitor 's job . early oh man ... come on , I do not want no janitor job . early lift he beer for another drink . the parole Officer 's prosthetic hand snap tight around the neck of the beer bottle , just inch from early 's lip . parole officer hey , I do not give two shit about what you want or do not want ... I be tell you to be there Friday , three o'clock sharp or the sheriff will be here for dinner . you understand ? with that early look up at the man , almost defiantly , then stand up . the parole Officer hiccup again . early stare at he for a moment . early you oughta think about put a bag over you head ... might cure they hiccup . the parole Officer shake he head in disgust and walk out of the trailer to he car . omitted sequence omit from original script . brian desk in another part of loft apartment - night Brian 's in the midst of work he way through page and page of thesis note scattered atop he desk . use chopstick he shovel chinese straight out of the carton as he study carrie 's warehouse photograph . carrie' Pov as we approach Brian from behind , move closer , closer . new angle - brian desk carrie step up behind he . she 's rub she eye , have just awaken . a hangover beckon . Brian notice she . brian hey . I do not have the heart to wake you . carrie thanks . what be you do ? brian well , I sit down with my tape and you photograph , which be great by the way ... and I start write . carrie grab he container of chinese and take a few bite . listen . carrie so how 's it go ? brian ... I think it 's the best stuff I have do . carrie glance over he shoulder at he write . brian ... and I think I know why . carrie why ? brian because I be there . and for a moment that night I understand how she come to pull the trigger . carrie ( sarcastic ) this mean you finally go to finish you thesis ? brian look , fuck the thesis . I think there 's a book here . you photograph and my research , together . carrie a book on the warehouse murder ? brian a book on some of the most infamous murderer in America . I want to go to where they live and where they kill and I want you to photograph it . Brian reach down to the floor and pull a large map of the United States up and lay it out on he desk . he trace a route West . along the way , specific location have be circle . brian what I be think be , we can drop down through Tennessee , across Arkansas and into Texas , from there it 's a straight shot into California . ( pause ) " we do not stop ... until we hit the fuck ocean . " omitted carrie it 's about fuck time , kessler ! I would just about give up on you . brian we do not have enough money , but we will figure something out . carrie step up to Brian . brian ... it 's either the best idea I have have in a long time ... or there 's way too much msg in this stuff . Brian look at the container of chinese in he hand . carrie take it from he , set it down on the road map . kiss he . ext . early's trailer - dawn early exit the trailer and climb into he Grand prix . int . grand prix early try to get the engine to tick over . then ... he see JOHN diebold , he landlord , emerge from he house and begin lumber toward the Grand prix . the two panting ugly - ass pitbull trot alongside they master . diebold ( shout ) hold on a minute there boy ! early shit ! early try the engine again . still will not start . diebold , get closer . the dog be bark . diebold goddamit , you be gonna settle up that rent here and now . hurriedly , early try the engine one more time . it start . grinning from ear to ear , early pull away before diebold and he dog reach he . piss , diebold grab a rock and hurl it , hit early 's car . the car stop , dead in its track . diebold I have have it with you bullshit boy . I want my money . int . grand prix early look in the rear-view mirror and see ... diebold stand there confrontational . early throw the gearshift into reverse ... ext . early's trailer tire screeching , the car surge toward diebold and the dog . scare shitless ... diebold begin back peddle . confused , the pitbull bark , then follow suit . early laugh as he stalk diebold . diebold jump out of the way of the Grand prix just as it pulverize he portable barbecue . early shift it into drive and barrel out of the drive . new angle - diebold as soon as the Grand prix be out of sight ... diebold ( holler ) you sonofabitch ! come back here ! furious , he turn to find Adele stare at he from the window of she trailer . diebold that 's it ! you tell he ... I want you both the fuck out of here by Sunday or I be gonna call the Police . Adele start laugh , she try to hide it with she hand . diebold ... you will not be laugh come Sunday little girl . muttering to himself , he turn back toward he house . he then notice what Adele be laugh at . one pitbull be try to hump the other . diebold elvis ! get the fuck off he ! new angle - adele peer out at he from the trailer window laugh at the dog . ext . parking lot - university Brian pull up in he black ' 62 lincoln continental . the suicide door and leather interior have see better day . Brian lock he car and walk into the building . int . lobby of the administration build - afternoon Brian step up to a large bulletin board . he see several ' ride - share ' note to various city on the board . he pin a ride - share note onto the board . we see the note be headline in red - " california " carol you know , they say one of this day ... Brian glance over he shoulder . brian ( sarcastic ) ... the whole thing 's go to slide into the ocean ... yeah , I know . Carol peer over Brian 's shoulder and read the note . carol " look for someone to take turn at the wheel and share expense ... on a week long cross country blue - highway tour of historic murder site ... " ( beat ) you gotta be kid . who in they right mind would want to do that ? brian ... I would . Brian smile at she and walk away . carol ( watch Brian walk away ) like I say ... she shake she head . early where 's the personnel office at ? Carol turn to see early . rita ( point down the hall ) first door on the leave . she walk away . early 's eye catch the bulletin board , he see in bold red marker - " california . " ext . early's trailer - late that night Adele step out of the trailer . adele early ? she walk carefully around the junk pile . it 's dark ; hard to see . she come to the edge of a deep dark hole and peer in ... she can not see anything but hear the rustling of a shovel digging . adele early ? you down there ? the sound of digging stop . early ( from inside the hole ) what 's up Adele ? dinner ready ? adele almost . after a moment 's hesitation , early resume he digging . adele early ... the digging stop again . adele tell I more about California . the moonlight illuminate he face when he look up at she . early well ... for one thing ... they think faster out there , on account of all that warm weather they get ; cold weather make people stupid , that 's a fact . adele I guess that would explain why there 's so many stupid people around here . early yeah , and in California you never have to buy fruit ' cause it 's all on the tree everywhere you turn ... ( beat ) ... and , ' course there be not no speed limit out there , and all drug be legal ... and I hear you first month 's rent be free ; state law . I figure ' till we get settle we can just move around month to month ... adele what will we do out there ? early well ... the very first thing we be gonna do ... be get we a couple of six pack of lucky lager and climb up on toppa ' that famous Hollywood sign and howl at the moon ... early let out a playful howl , as Adele look up over she shoulder at the moon . adele you know ... I read once ... ai not nothin ' on that big old moon ' cept some old golf ball that astronaut leave behind . early bull . that be not right ... government send people there all the time , just do not want we to know about it . Adele smile and begin walk back to the trailer . adele do not be long now , dinner 's ' bout ready . early I hear that . after a moment , early climb out of the hole and stand in the moonlight for a moment . we see that he 's completely naked except for a pair of high top steel to work boot . early gaze up into the night sky , look at the cold white moon . ext . brian and carrie' loft - dawn Brian exit loft carry two bag . carrie be also carry a bag , and smoking a cigarette , as they walk to the car . carrie what do he sound like on the phone ? omitted brian Real polite . kept call I ' sir . ' Brian throw the bag in the open trunk with the other bag . brian ( grin ) I like that . carrie I still think we should have meet they first . brian beggar can not be chooser . they be the only one who answer the ride share note , remember ? carrie bow she head and fold she hand in mock prayer . carrie please God , we be gonna be stick with this people for a week , do not let they be as boring as Brian 's friend . anything ... but that . Brian throw a needle glance to carrie and slam the car hood shut . they both get into the car , Brian behind the wheel . int . lincoln brian oh , yeah ... he have a real thick accent right outta " deliverance . " ( quote from the movie ) " still ? who say anything about a still ? get ya ass up in they wood ! " carrie funny , very funny . Brian start the car . it backfire loudly startling carrie . Brian laugh . brian ( quote again ) " aintry ? this river do not go to aintry . " ext . lincoln on STREET the engine revs again and the lincoln pull away down the street . ext . bus station - dawn pan up from Adele 's new red high -heeled shoe . we hear Adele speak with a unfamiliar tone of authority to she voice . adele we should not be doin ' this , early . you leavin ' the state , ridin ' around with stranger ... besides , what kinda people would want to stop at place where other people be murder . the camera slowly reveal Adele ... and the fact that she be alone as she voice she concern . then from behind she early approach . just in time to hear ... adele what if they be dangerous ? early they be not dangerous Adele . they be writer . startle , Adele drop she shoulder bag . it land on top of a couple of cardboard box and a beat up old duffle bag -- all they possession . a few personal item spill out of it . adele early grayce ! she kneel down to pick thing up . adele ( change subject ) do you settle thing with Mr. diebold ? early yeah I leave he with the car ... we be all square up now . early's Pov as Adele pick up she spill personal possession , early notice she prize cactus in the bag . early what 's this ? he angrily reach in and grab it . adele early ! she reach for the cactus but miss . early what kind of a person would carry a cactus in she purse ! Adele bite she lip almost cry . suddenly , early look past Adele to see something , Adele turn too . new angle the lincoln come glide into view . int . lincoln - pull into bus station - dawn through the windshield we see early ... Adele by he side . carrie you have get to be kid I , they look like okie ! Brian honk the horn , early wave back . carrie Jesus ... they have probably get five buck between they . turn around . brian lighten up ... on early and adele adele geez , they look kinda weird . early you just smile , let I do all the talk . adele how many time you gonna tell I that ? early ( smile at Brian ) as many time as it take . ext . bus station Brian stop the lincoln and get out . he approach early and shake he hand , then Adele 's . brian hi I be Brian ... early , and you must be Adele . a awkward moment as everyone just stand there ... until Brian reach for Adele 's bag . brian let I help you . Brian pick up she bag and carry it to the lincoln . Adele be instantly win over by the gesture -- early leery of it . int . lincoln carrie watch as Brian and early carry they thing to the trunk . carrie lean forward and set the trip odometer to zero . when she sit back up , Adele be stand at she window . adele hi , I be Adele . carrie ( reserve ) carrie . she turn away from the window ... adele ( shyly ) I like you hair . carrie turn back , roll down window ... carrie ... pardon ? adele ... I say , I like you hair . carrie ... thank you . she turn and see early reflect in the side mirror watch she . he grin at she , carrie look away . new angle : from inside the trunk of the lincoln Brian cram the last of the bag in , as early watch . brian tight fit . early best kind . Brian look to he , early grin and wink . Brian slam the lincoln trunk lid shut . screen to black ext . early's burning trailer - dawn from the blackness ... the camera rise from a pile of rubble . as it ascend we reveal diebold 's pitbull howling and digging at a mound of fresh earth where early 's hole use to be . the crackle flame of a nearby fire illuminate the scene . deep in the distance , the wail of approach siren . another angle reveal that it 's early 's trailer and car that be on fire . int . trailer flame consume the magazine photo of elvis and Priscilla , farrah and Ryan , early and Adele . along with they , the black and white photo of young early and he mother . ext . bus station - dawn - overhead angle on the lincoln as it exit the Bus Station . the camera descend toward a lone trash can , to find there , lie amidst the debris inside ... Adele 's cactus . ext . CITY street - morning the lincoln pass through on its way out of town . int . moving lincoln - morning Brian behind the wheel , carrie riding shotgun . early and Adele be sit in the back seat . a awkward silence prevail . Brian clear he throat . brian uh , we can stop somewhere if you and Adele have not have time for breakfast , early . early well , it 's like this , Mr. kessler . brian Brian . early well , it 's like this , bri ' . I do not eat much in the mornin ' , never have . maybe a beer once in a while ; lucky lager 's my favorite . Brian raise he eyebrow a tad , but be not really curious about it . adele it 's because of what he read in a book once ... that folk needin ' breakfast be a myth , or whatever , put out by that cereal people . a glance pass between Brian and carrie . be she for real ? carrie' Pov - in vanity mirror early motion Adele not to talk so much . new angle brian so what do you do early ? early oh ... I do some work up at the merrick Mirror factory , or I use to ... adele one night we figure out how much bad luck he must have comin ' from all they mirror he break ... ( beat ) four hundred and ninety four year to work it all off ... after he die , he will have to keep come back to earth over and over and over ... carrie karma . Adele and early show no sign of understanding the word . adele what ? carrie karma ... ( beat ) you know , if you do something bad to somebody fate will pay you back by something bad happen to you . adele that french be not it ? carrie glance at the odometer on the dash ... the first mile click over . ext . lincoln - outskirt of the CITY everyone take a last look at the familiar countryside . carrie be snap photo of the twist concrete overpass and the gloomy grey sky beyond . int . lincoln Adele watch carrie , intrigue by the obvious skill carrie show with the camera . Brian glance into the rear-view mirror at Adele . brian so Adele , do early happen to mention the place we will be stop at ? on adele' reflection in mirror ... then early lean in front of she . early yeah bri ' I do . Adele lean against carrie 's front seat . adele ( to carrie ) be you takin ' the picture ? carrie ( surprised ) ... yeah . adele be it hard to learn ? carrie not really . early pull Adele back toward the back seat . early ( to Brian ) you gonna talk to the people who do that murder ? brian that 's a good idea . unfortunately most of they have be execute . early ... too bad . ext . lincoln lincoln drive off down the highway . ext . early's trailer - later Police and firemen sift through the smoking ruin of early 's trailer . the parole Officer pull up in he car , he get out and approach a Police Officer . parole officer what happen ? police officer who be you ? parole officer his parole Officer . police officer right , I talk to you on the phone . they say it 's a torch job , that sound like you boy ? parole officer could be . police officer where would we find he ? parole officer Hell if I know , crazy son of a bitch say he be think of move to Texas . police officer without he car ? we see the smolder remain of early 's Grand prix . in the background diebold 's pitbull be be drag away by a Dog wrangler . police officer what about the owner of the house ... ( read from note pad ) ... this John diebold , any idea where he might be ? parole officer no , but I can tell you he 's not gonna be too happy about this . from inside early 's hole we hear a voice call out . laborer ( o.s. ) Jesus Christ ! parole Officer and Police Officer turn back toward the trailer , as people rush to the site . new angle - overhead the camera aerial down past that gather around the freshly dig hole to ... a laborer stand at the bottom of the pit . alongside he shovel , we see that a man 's arm have be unearth . low angle up to the top of the hole the Police and parole Officer join several other stand there . parole officer ... diebold ? police officer ... that would be my guess . parole officer look like somebody cut off he ring finger . police officer well now I would say that 's the least of Mr. diebold 's problem . the two man look to one another ... as other begin to unearth the body . ext . moving lincoln drive down country road Close up , diebold 's ring on a hand twist open a bottle cap . pull back to reveal that it be early as he open a bottle of lucky lager beer and take a sip . on the back seat between they sit a brown paper bag . Adele reach into the bag and pull out a cheap pocket camera . excitedly she rip open the box and pull out the camera . she lean over and kiss early . adele thank you . early reach in the bag and pull out a small plastic bottle of mineral water and a orange juice . early all right , who get the ... ( can not pronounce name ) ... water . carrie turn around , early hand she the water . early lean forward and hand Brian the orange juice . early here you go bri ' . get a couple a bag of chip and some jerky , just holler if you want some . then early reach past Brian to the rear-view mirror and hang a plastic St. Christopher statue around it . early can not hurt . brian how much do I owe you ? early forget it . Adele struggle to understand the camera instruction on the side of the box . she lean forward and show carrie she camera . adele ( embarrassed ) guess I do not know the first thing about camera . carrie deliberate she response for a moment , then ... carrie well , the first thing ... be you need film . preferably black and white . carrie pull a roll of film out of she bag and take Adele 's camera to load . adele you would not have any color film , would ya ? carrie ... yeah , sure . she pull a roll of color film out of she camera bag and quickly snap it into the camera . adele I like thing in color , pink , purple , and red . I dunno , black and white be kinda ... boring . carrie point the camera at a smile Adele and snap the first picture . carrie you just aim and press the button . Adele take the camera . int . lincoln Adele focus she camera at the scenery out the side window of the car . adele look , pigeon Forge ! adele' Pov Road sign to pigeon Forge . ext . lincoln Adele lean out the side rear window to get a better view . adele I have hear of that ! it 's where dolly parton have she park . " dollywood " . I just think that 's so clever . Hollywood . dollywood . get it ? with that , she plop back down into the back seat . int . lincoln early ( under he breath ) shush , Adele . adele early , can we stop there ... just for a little while . ext . highway as we see the car disappear into the distance , we can still hear Adele rambling on . adele ( o.s. ) ... I have always want to go there ... it could be such fun . fade out : ext . large isolated old farm - afternoon the lincoln approach on a dirtroad and pass a mailbox with the name " baxter " on it . the lincoln turn into the long driveway . int . lincoln - same time Brian begin talk into a small portable tape recorder . brian the novak be all go but the fence that Michael Zaruba be hire to put up be still here . he glance to carrie , who fire off several photo of the fence and yard . the lincoln continue slowly down the long drive ... up ahead through the windshield Brian see a beautiful old farm house . brian the novak embrace the young drifter as one of they own . ext . lincoln the lincoln slow to a halt . carrie and Brian exit the car and begin walk toward the house . early follow . Adele , uncertain about what 's transpire , trail behind . adele hey you two . Brian and carrie turn to see ... Adele training a camera on they . adele give I a smile now . Brian and carrie look to one another then force a weak smile . early jump in and throw a pair of devil 's horn up behind Brian 's unsuspecting head as ... the shutter click . Brian and carrie quickly turn they attention back on the house . brian ( continue into tape recorder ) neighbor say he be a quiet young man , who be often see push the child on the swing set . a unusual bird house and a tricycle sit in the front yard . to the side of the house be the remain of a old swing set . carrie find a interesting angle on the swing set , with the house in the background , SNAP ! she fire off a shot . brian ( continue ) everything be fine until the day the family run out of work for Michael , and have to ask he to leave . as carrie frame up another shot , early cross in front of she camera . realizing he be in carrie 's photo he stop and pose . carrie look to Brian . brian sorry , early ... could you step out the way , for a second ? early be surprised that they do not want he in the photograph . he wander away from the front of the house . meanwhile , Adele photograph the moment . brian the first one to die be the nine year old daughter ... just then ... a nine year old girl come run from around the side of the house . she stop dead when she see all of they . carrie snap a final photo . brian hello . the little girl scan all they face . brian ... my name 's Brian , what 's yours ? the little girl remain silent . Brian roll a look to carrie then back to the little girl . brian ... could I speak to you parent ? after a awkward pause , the little girl silently cross the yard to the porch and open the front door . girl ( rudely ) pa ! there 's more of they . ext . rear of house - same time look into the house through a kitchen window we can see into the entrance hall and through to the open front door . Brian wait outside on the porch , as the little girl enter the house look for she father . Inside the kitchen , right next to the window , be a side table with a telephone and a purse on it . suddenly ... early 's reflection appear in the window ; he have obviously see the purse . at the front door Brian motion for carrie to join he . at the swing set Adele watch Brian and carrie for a moment , then lose interest . she stand on the seat of the swing and begin swinging . at the rear of the house early try to push up the kitchen window . it barely lift three inch before jam . through the room we see the little girl and she father step to the front door . ext . front door a middle aged farmer with tan leathery skin . he be not happy . Brian extend he hand ... brian ( friendly ) hi , my name be Brian kessler . the father say nothing and do not respond to the extend hand . Brian retract he hand . brian ( continue -- less confident ) I be a writer , I be work on a book about famous murderer . at the swing set Adele swing higher . her summer dress ripple in the wind . a smile on she face . ext . kitchen window early 's entire arm be through the open . his shoulder press against the window pane . but still he can not reach the purse . so , he grab the tablecloth and begin pull it toward he . the purse slide closer , inch by inch . all the while , he keep one eye on the Farmer across the room . early's Pov ( across the room ) the Farmer 's back be turn to the kitchen as he listen silently to Brian . brian ... I be sure you be aware that this be the novak house ... at the swing set Adele swing even higher . she 's lose in the moment . euphoric . ext . front door brian ( correct himself ) ... I mean , this be the novak house ... ( pause ) with you permission I would like to come in and photograph ... before Brian can finish , the man slam the door in he face . int . kitchen ( angle on farmer ) the Farmer turn away from the front door . farmer ( mutter ) goddamn ghoul ... in the kitchen we see that early and the purse have go . ext . front door Brian be surprised . he just stand there a moment . he 's not sure whether to knock again . ext . swing set the empty swing sway back and forth . ext . lincoln Brian and carrie walk back to the car . brian ( upset ) we could have be in and out of there in less than ten minute ... carrie hey , I get some great stuff ... it 's okay . Brian continue on in a huff until carrie break stride and stop . she pull he next to she . carrie it 's okay ... okay ? Brian glance back at the house . she interrupt he glance , kiss he . brian ( continue on the heel of the kiss ) ... that house be part of american history now , whether he like it or not . they enter the car . early forget about it bri ' . I would not be surprised if that karma thing do not come back and get he . carrie , surprised at early 's new find philosophical belief . she look into she side view mirror ... and see early smile back at she . carrie look away ... carrie' Pov shift from the mirror to the house in the background ... as the car pull out of the driveway , the little girl watch from she porch . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . - lincoln pull up to motel and park . int . motel restaurant - night a small roadside diner . a fair number of people inside have dinner . Adele , early , carrie , and Brian be seat at one of the table . at there table carrie watch early eat with a kind of horrible , rude fascination . he have no table manners at all . he eat with he elbow on the table , fork wedge in the fist of he right hand . all the while , he chew with he mouth open . he 's serious about he " eat . " brian ( study he map ) well we have come three hundred mile so far . not a bad day 's haul . early do not bother to respond . he keep eat . brian you get any family or friend in California , early ? cu angle on early with a piece of bread he mop up the gravy on he plate . early ( chew ) nope ... you ? angle under the table early 's foot itches ... he try to scratch it but it do not do any good . brian ( o.s. ) no. adele ( o.s. ) I neither . how ' bout you carrie ? carrie ( o.s. ) no. angle - the group as Brian fold up the map . early take off he boot , then he well - wear sock . carrie 's look of disgust grow as early bring he foot up onto he lap and scratch it while he eat . carrie put she fork down : dinner be over for she . adele ... well , least we get each other . that 's somethin' . omitted omitted Brian look up , see carrie 's expression ... then what 's cause it ... early mop up the last bit of food on he plate . he notice Brian and carrie stare at he and slowly put he foot back down on the floor -- then the sock . Brian pick up the check to see the total ... start pull he wallet out ... be not quite sure how to bring up the tab to early . early thanks bri ' , I will get the next one . ( prompt Adele ) think it 's time we hit the sack . early wink at Brian , carrie catch the wink . early and Adele get up and head for the door . Adele wave goodnight . adele ( to carrie ) sweet dream . int . carrie and brian motel room - night Close on carrie , she be reflect in a mirror . reveal , carrie wear only a T-shirt be at the vanity angrily brush she tooth . in the bathroom next to she , a bath be run . in the adjacent bedroom , Brian be in the bed work on he note . int . bathroom carrie ( spit out a mouthful of water ) you mean because I object to have somebody take off they shoe and scratch they foot while I be eat I be prejudice ? int . bedroom - same time brian ( read note ) he can not help the way he be raise . I kinda feel sorry for he . int . bathroom carrie pause in brush she tooth . carrie feel sorry for he ? obviously you do not get a whiff of that sock ? brian ( o.s. ) bitch , bitch , bitch ! carrie ( under she breath ) up yours . brian I hear that . int . bathroom carrie finish brush she tooth . secretively she give Brian the finger ... brian ( o.s. ) ... hear that too . carrie glance at the bath water run in the tub . it 's rusty brown and disgusting . she pull the plug on the bath idea . int . early and adele' motel bathroom room - same time the tap be run at the sink as early empty the steal purse . he add the last few coin to a small pile of cash . early can you believe thirty buck for this room ... for what ? a lumpy mattress , that crummy tv and a crapper . adele ( o.s. ) early , sing I a song . early continue to sift through all the item from the purse . early which one . int . early and adele' motel room Adele start to sing a song . omitted early start sing with she ... as the song end . adele ( laugh ) hey can we go to that chinese restaurant when we get to Los Angeles ? you know , to see all they famous footprint ? on early in bathroom early reach down into the bottom of the purse and pull out a pair of glisten stainless steel scissors . early only if they let I put mine down too . he stare at the scissors curiously , then switch off the bathroom light . darkness brian ( o.s. ) look carrie , we be gonna be stick with this people for a week ... click , a light be turn on . revealing ... int . brian and carrie' room - same time Brian have turn on the nightstand light . he and carrie be lie in bed . brian ... and all I be say be I think we ought to try and get along with they . that 's all . carrie you try , I be gonna pretend they be with somebody else . brian carrie . carrie I do not want to talk about it . Brian turn the light off . from the blackness ... carrie pretty smooth how he stiffe we on dinner ? Brian switch the light back on . brian he do not stiff we . he pay for the gas remember . silence ... Brian reach out for the light ... when carrie I be tell you he 's nearly break and we be go to end up pay for that two . Brian decide to leave the light on . he move closer to carrie . he slide up against she backside . he reach for she under the sheet . kiss she neck . brian you finish ? carrie push she body up against he in response . carrie ... um , maybe ... maybe not . Brian 's mouth move down along she back . he slip beneath the sheet . from the expression on she face , she obviously approve ... yet she can not resist slip in another remark ... carrie ... um ... funky fuck sock . carrie roll over on she back . Brian move on top of she . kiss she stomach . carrie ... and what 's with that hair ? be that grease or motor oil or what ? carrie reach down and grab two fist full of Brian 's hair . she pull he to she . he slide up along she chest , kissing she . thing heat up . she reach out , grasp he arm . pull he closer . carrie ... you believe that tattoo ? look like he have another girl name there and carve it out . Brian bite at she neck . she stop talk . his sweat shoulder press against she face . she turn she head to encourage he . in the dresser mirror ... she see they shadowy reflection . they body atangle under the sheet . carrie ... and that body odor . they reflection in the mirror intrigue she . intoxicate she . his aggression excite she . she pull he into she . the metal bedframe bang against the motel wall repeatedly as they make love . then slowly , the camera bisect the plaster and lumber divider and emerge in the next room ... to find early lean quietly against the same wall . listen to they . as he do , he use the scissors to cut through the crusty bandage on he finger . then , across the room he notice Adele in bed asleep ... the scissors stop . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . early's motel room - morning early exit he motel room , open a bottle of lucky lager against a soda dispenser , and walk over to the motel diner . int . motel diner early enter the diner drink he morning beer . Adele be not with he . he spot Brian and carrie seat opposite one another in one of the booth . he walk up to they table and drop down uninvite on the seat next to carrie . brian Morning ... early lift he beer bottle in salute . early bri ' . carrie where 's Adele ? early she be not feel so good . the waitress arrive with a menu , offer it to early . waitress Breakfast ? early ( burp ) Nah ... do not eat breakfast . never have . the waitress notice early 's bottle of beer . waitress ah sir ... sir . she get early 's attention . waitress ( concerned ) we ah ... do not have a liquor license here . so I be afraid ... early well do not be , I get plenty more where this one come from . the waitress give he a curious look and walk away . just then , Brian look past early ... a surprised expression cross Brian 's face . early turn to see ... Adele approach the table . her hair have be crudely chop to resemble carrie 's . it look like shit . carrie ( at a loss for word ) you cut you hair . Adele smile , pleased with carrie for notice . she sit down next to Brian . adele early cut it . ( smile at early ) ... once he get a idea in he head there 's no hold he back . carrie look to Brian curiously . Adele be distract by a small cactus on the window near the table . brian Nice job early . carrie notice Adele 's ' new ' ( steal ) purse ... we see the wheel turn in carrie 's head . how ? where ? omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . motel - later early walk toward the lincoln . it be park outside Brian and carrie 's room . the front door be ajar , he push it open . he see carrie 's reflection in the bathroom mirror , she 's in she underwear , pull on she jeans . early watch she for a moment . there 's no mistake what 's on he mind ... as he eye scan she body . carrie pull on she T-shirt , step out of the bathroom and see early just outside the door . early ... need a hand with that bag ? carrie no , thanks , I can manage . int . motel room - same time carrie turn back to the dresser and gather up the last few thing . she glance into the dresser mirror look for early 's reflection at the door , but he 's go . relieved , she turn the corner to grab she bag and find early stand right there ! look at she . he startles she . early I get them . he pick up she bag and walk out of the room . carrie watch he , then she step to the doorway . brian ( o.s. ) all set ? carrie ( startle ) fuck ! brian take you time . carrie look back to early carrie' Pov - ext . motel early place the bag in the lincoln 's trunk . Adele see early carry carrie 's bag , Adele look jealous . ext . motel in the foreground carrie 's door close . to black . ext . lincoln / highway - later lincoln pass through frame . int . moving lincoln - noon Brian at wheel , carrie next to he load she camera . early in the back seat , Adele next to he pull out some make up from she bag , we see the little cactus from the motel lobby . she begin to put on some lipstick . early reach into the frontseat and grab the manuscript that sit between Brian and carrie . early ( start to read ) this the book you write ? brian it 's just a work in progress , kinda rough . early this guy kill a mess of people . brian who ? early Henry Lucas . brian Henry Lee Lucas . well he be only convict of kill eleven but he claim to have kill over three hundred . early wonder what all they people do make he so mad ? Brian look to early in he rear-view mirror . bang !! the front tire blow ... the car lurch . Brian react , pull the lincoln to the side of the road in a dusty halt . ext . lincoln / highway - noon Brian and early unload the trunk to get to the spare tire . at the right front tire Brian struggle with the wheel and the jack . early here bri ' let I do that . early take over . he pull off he shirt , jack the car up and begin replace the wheel with ease . early how do he get away with it for so long anyhow ? brian he almost always kill stranger . spend year move on from one place to another . that make it real hard to track he down . carrie scan the landscape with she camera . she see Adele walk around a small roadside graveyard . she be read the epitaph on the headstone . carrie fire off a few shot . then she see early , she can not help but notice early 's lean body . she zoom in on he muscle and prison tattoo . click !! early complete the task . together he and Brian begin put everything back in the trunk . suddenly , from behind , Adele jump onto early 's back , surprising he . he give she a " horsey ride " around the lincoln . on carrie she notice early 's wallet on the ground . on early and adele she 's riding he , cover he eye playfully . on carrie she pick up the wallet . beneath the lincoln early 's foot gallop . on carrie she open the wallet to find two one dollar bill inside . with early and adele as they come around the side of the car and to a stop in front of carrie . she hold up he wallet ... watch he eye . carrie you drop this . adele early grayce if this be not you lucky day . she hand the wallet back to he . something between they go unspoken . ext . a gas station - later that day the lincoln pull in . int . lincoln brian I guess it 's you turn to pay early . early nod and Brian look over to carrie , make sure she hear . the four of they get out of the car . ext . gas pump island early start toward the gas station store . he check he wallet , two dollar leave . carrie and Adele lean against the car . carrie light up a cigarette . she watch early to see what he next move will be . Brian remove the gas cap and stick the gas pump nozzle in . it pump away . close on the gas meter it start turn over ... $ $ $ $ $ click ... click ... click ... ext . gas station ( crossing the tarmac ) ... with early . his face expressionless . his mind racing ... ext . gas pump island Brian walk around the lincoln ; check the tire . carrie watch early intently . close on early he walk toward the entrance . he Pov Inside the store he see a video surveillance camera . it worry he . distract he momentarily . suddenly from behind he ... o.s . a car horn honk loudly ! early turn to see a late model mercede behind he . he just gaze at the driver . aggravate , the driver lean on the horn and motion early out of he way . early stare at the man a moment longer , then step to one side and let the car pull past he . wide on the gas station a fat man in he late thirty exit from behind the wheel of the mercede . early watch he as he take a money clip from he pocket and walk toward the entrance to the mini market . ext . gas pump island the gas meter dial continue to go around . $ $ $ $$ click ... click ... click ... new angle the girl lean against the car . Adele watch carrie take a drag on she cigarette . adele I use to smoke before I meet early . but he break I of that . her remark get carrie 's attention . carrie break you ? on early he watch the fat man inside the office . early's Pov - ext . / int . gas station the fat man pay the attendant for gas and be hand the restroom key . ext . gas pump island Brian walk to the front of the lincoln . he pass carrie and Adele ... adele early do not think woman should smoke or curse or drink liquor . carrie so you do not do any of that thing . carrie take a quick look to the mini-market . she 's lose sight of early . adele better not , or early would whip I . carrie ( back to Adele ) he whip you ? int . / ext . bathroom the fat man turn the key and enter the bathroom . the door start to swing shut behind he , but ... two finger catch it before it do . adele ( o.s. ) only when I deserve it . ext . gas pump island Brian lift the hood of the lincoln ... reaches for the radiator cap . int . bathroom the fat man be stand at the urinal . he have a ureterostomy bag he 's empty , when ... early 's hand hit the blow dryer . a whirring sound fill the room . the fat man turn he head . early lunge at he from behind , yank he head back and rip a switchblade across he throat ! ext . gas pump island - cu a blast of steam from the radiator startles Brian ! int . bathroom the fat man clutches at he throat . see the blood on he palm . he look up in shock . early pound the man 's head into the wall . ext . gas pump island Brian check the oil , pull out the dip stick . new angle : cu Black oil run down the metal blade . int . bathroom the fat man fall to he knee against the urinal . his hand grasp the lever . the urinal flush . Water flow . the fat man 's blood mix with it . the urinal overflow . the blood tinged water spill onto the white tile floor . early pries the dead man 's fist off the lever . ext . gas pump island Brian slam the lincoln 's hood shut . int . bathroom early struggle to turn the fat corpse over . ext . gas pump island Brian step up to the gas nozzle and pull it out of the car . int . bathroom early reach in the dead man 's pocket and remove he money clip . ext . gas pump island the gas meter stop turn . int . bathroom early calmly wash he hand in the beat up ceramic sink . he pull a comb from he pocket and comb he hair in the mirror . ext . gas pump island Brian pull a squeegee across the front windshield . Water wash the dirt away . int . bathroom - extreme cu the bloody water spiralling down the drain hole . ext . gas station early exit the bathroom ... and run straight into Brian , about to enter . early ( friendly ) hey bri ' ... ah ... you do not want to go in there . it 's a real mess , if you know what I mean . Brian glance at the bathroom door . down below , a thin stream of the fat man 's blood begin to trickle out from under the door ... just barely touch the toe of Brian 's shoe . brian that bad ? early ... then some . early put he arm around Brian and turn he back toward the car . at the car Adele take a photo of they , approach . the attendant step up to carrie . attendant ( to carrie ) come to twenty eight dollar . carrie talk to he . carrie point to early . as Brian and early approach the car , early pull out the money clip . early call it a even thirty . early peel off thirty buck from the money clip . he see carrie watch he , early smile . early I will drive bri ' . hear that , carrie climb into the back seat . Adele climb over the backrest into the frontseat . early Adele , get in the back . she climb again into the backseat . ext . lincoln cruising int . lincoln drive down the road - daytime early be drive . Brian riding shotgun , be make some note in he manuscript . Adele be teach a reluctant carrie to play a card game call " SNAP . " adele ... hey you be good . think you say you never play before ? carrie I have not ... I be a fast learner . on early and brian early ... they never catch that Black dolya killer , huh ? brian dahlia , no . early now why be that ? brian some people think it 's because he never kill again . he just disappear back into society . early you do not sound too convinced ' bout that ? brian I always think it be the work of a serial killer . anyone who take that much time and care bisect another human be must have be enjoy it and would have do it again . and again . until someone stop he . early that you ... " theory " , be not that what they call it ? brian yeah . early you wanna hear mine ? carrie listen in as she continue to play card with Adele . brian ( amused ) sure . early ai not you goin ' to record it ? Brian pick up he tape recorder . brian ( into tape ) early grayce , June twenty third . Brian hand early the hand hold tape recorder . early ( into tape ) well I will just bet he 's still alive . Old , livin ' in some trailer park or something ' somewhere , but still alive . thinkin ' every night ' bout what he do . goin ' over and over it in he mind . how smart he be for get away with it . carrie be chill by the intensity of early 's remark . she watch he out of the corner of she eye . smack ! Adele 's hand hit the pile of card and she win the game . startle , carrie turn back to Adele . adele ( to carrie ) you lose ! brian ( to early ) I suppose anything 's possible . Brian put one leg across the other and go back to he note . new angle : close up brian shoe revealing ... the blood encrust toe of he shoe . new angle : cu on early early you ever play any pool bri' ? early's Pov up ahead a honky tonk bar with a large sign " pool table , bowling &amp ; music " ext . country road the lincoln pass by the large sign . brian ( o.s. ) I can hold my own ... ext . motel - dusk a high angle look down on the modest cluster of room below . the motel sign pulse erratically in foreground . moth flicker about the light . closer the lincoln be park in front of Brian and carrie 's room . the horn honk . early be behind the wheel , engine run . Brian step out of the motel room . carrie ( o.s. ) hey Minnesota fat ! carrie appear at the door hold she camera . carrie ( sarcastic ) do not forget you key . she hand Brian the key . brian why would I open my big mouth ? Brian take the key and walk to the car . carrie see Adele stand outside she door . Brian enter the lincoln . carrie ( to Adele ) why do not you go with they ? the lincoln pull away . adele I tell you how early feel ' bout a woman drink . carrie how would you meet early ? carrie swing the camera around to Adele , and snap off a shot . adele ( grin ) I be hitchhike ' one day and he pick I up . at first I be not gonna get in on account of he car be in such sorry shape . I say , " I be not never see a white man drivin ' a car like this . " carrie snap another shot of Adele . every once in a while Adele feel like she should be " pose " for the shot that carrie 's take of she . so , occasionally , as she carry on she conversation with carrie , she do . carrie' Pov thru camera adele ( continue ) a ' he say right back , " you should not judge by appearance little lady ... this vehicle might just be a fly saucer disguise as a car , for all you know . " carrie' Pov thru camera - as she zoom in tighter on adele adele well , I get in and we get to talkin' , and the next thing I know , I would move in with he in this old trailer . ( beat ) hey ! would not it be something if we all end up share a house together in California ? on carrie she lower the camera from she eye and study Adele . carrie you know I can fix that haircut for you , if you want ? adele you can ? ext . bowling alley bar - night a nondescript " joint " on the outskirt of town . american car . american pickup truck park outside . the lincoln pull into foreground and park . early get out of the lincoln and look around . early I wonder if there 's any " door " out here ? Brian exit the lincoln and look at early question . early you know ... " opening " to other dimension . ( pause ) I read there be a lot of they out West , mostly in the desert . they say if you know what you be do , you can travel anywhere in the Universe in a matter of second . would not that come in handy ? Brian look at he blankly . he can not think of a thing to say in response . early walk toward the entrance of the bar . Brian join he . brian by the way , I be not much of a pool player . early shit , it be not hard to play pool . I can teach you everything ya need to know . brian yeah ? early Hell yeah ! I will even spot ya a few point first game . brian wait a minute . you be gonna hustle I ? early Nah ... how much money have you get ? they both laugh and enter the bar . carrie' motel room - same time Adele be sit in a chair in front of the dresser mirror drink a beer . carrie be cut she hair . in the mirror Adele watch carrie for a moment . she notice the cigarette dangle from she lip . adele how do you get you cigarette to stay there like that . carrie look in the mirror . carrie I be cool . adele could I try that ? carrie take out a fresh cigarette and hand it to Adele . together they stare into the mirror with they dangle cigarettes . Adele drop she cigarette , as she reach down for it she notice carrie 's portfolio . adele what 's this ? carrie it 's a portfolio of my work . adele you picture . can I see them ? carrie sure . Adele grab the black leather binder and set it in she lap . carrie continue to cut Adele 's hair . Adele open the binder and take a look at the first erotic image and slap the cover back down . she 's embarrassed . adele Jesus ! carrie watch she in amusement . after a moment , Adele reconsider , and open the book . she gaze at the shocking photograph . adele you take this picture ? carrie take them all . carrie resume cut Adele 's hair . Adele thumb through several photograph . carrie that 's I . adele no it be not ! carrie hold still . adele sorry . Boy I will tell ya , if early find a picture of I like that I would be black and blue for a week . Adele notice carrie 's scowl in the dresser mirror . carrie stop cut . carrie ( suddenly serious ) you should not let he do that to you ... adele do what ? carrie Adele ... be you serious ? adele ( defensive ) you think early 's bad to I , do not you ? carrie yeah . carrie start cut Adele 's hair again . adele well ... you be wrong . I be not say early be not never hit I ... but he never hurt I . when carrie do not respond , Adele grab carrie 's scissor hand and stop she from continue . carrie look at Adele 's reflection in the dresser mirror . adele ( continue ) ... when I be fourteen year old three boy rape I in the back of a truck , and beat I so bad I be in bed for almost four month ... ( beat ) ... I feel safe with early , most the time he treat I pretty good . and I know he would not let nothin ' like that ever happen to I again ... carrie be speechless , Adele look in the mirror at she new haircut . adele hey , that be not so bad now . int . bowling alley bar the patron be young man and woman . eighteen to thirty . the River 's Edge kid today . leather . lude and beer. wasted . rowdy . we follow one of the waitress through the bar ... as she pass by a pool table one of the player , a large young cracker , make a grab at she ... large young cracker when you gonna give I so o' that ! she spin safely out of he reach . waitress maybe when you grow up a little sonny . some guy , close enough to hear she over the noise , laugh at she put down . she move on until she reach ... Brian stand near a small high table . early 's not with he . she set four beer down on the table . Brian try to talk to she over the music . he lean in close . his mouth to she ear . brian this be not lucky lager , I order lucky lager . waitress sorry honey , ' be not nothin lucky around here . the waitress laugh . Brian smile and glance around the room . he notice the large Young cracker stare at he . across the room early step out of the bathroom and make he way back to Brian . new angle on brian he watch the waitress disappear into the crowd , then turn to find the large Young cracker in he face ! young cracker what do you say to she city boy ! the Young cracker be obviously very drunk . brian nothing , I jus ... young cracker ( cut he off ) what 's a jism gargle cum drunk fairy like you look at a pretty girl like that for anyway ? the Young cracker do not notice early return from the bathroom . he move in next to Brian . early be relaxed and nonchalant as he look over the Young cracker . he lean closer to Brian . early ( matter of factly ) you would better hit he first bri ' , ' cos it 's comin' . with he eye on Brian , early grab a beer . Brian be scared , and confuse , with one ear and one eye on the Young cracker , the other on early . young cracker this yur ' boyfriend ? brian ( dumbfounded ) what ? early hit he . early look at the beer . early ( angry ) bri ' this shit be not lucky lager ! early take a swig off the beer , grimace and spray it out . it hit the Young cracker . the cracker look down at he shirt in shock . early be oblivious . young cracker ( to early ) hey asshole ! Brian be freeze , confuse , do not know who to address . early continue to ignore the Young cracker . brian they do not stock it here early . young cracker ( to early , furious ) why you fuckin' ... the Young cracker move to hit early . early swiftly smashes he beer bottle into the oncoming face . the Young cracker double over clutching he face in agony . early kick he in the face , send the Young cracker to the ground . early finish he off with several more kick from he heavy work boot . two large tough guy approach early and Brian . Brian 's heart racing , early cool as a cucumber . instead of take on early , they stop , reach down and drag the unconscious man away . the waitress return to they table . waitress sorry about that , he 's always cause trouble . she set down two beer and two shot , double . waitress this be on the house . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . carrie and brian motel room - night carrie and Adele split the last bottle of beer between they . they be sit on the floor and Adele have carrie 's foot in she lap . she 's painting carrie 's toenail bright red . neither of they be feel any pain . adele my momma 's a beautician . guess that 's where I get it from . she would not hear of my move in with early ... on account of he just get out of jail and all . ai not see she in nearly a year now . I wish she would call I , just once . carrie ( interrupt ) what 's early be in jail for ? adele ( reluctantly ) carryin ' a gun . carrie ... anything else ? adele a ' resistin ' arrest ... at least that 's what the Police say . carrie jeez ... Adele ! Adele realize she have say too much , look at she watch . adele I would better be goin ' . it 's late . Adele hastily weave she way out the door . carrie great . carrie stare down at she foot . Red toenail . cottonballs between the toe . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . the bowling alley bar early and Brian exit the bar . they make they way to the lincoln . on the way ... early get to see a man about a mule . Brian look at early , do not understand . early gotta take a piss . early branch off behind the car . early any reeb leave in the back seat ? early start to take a leak . early aaahhhhh ... ( relief ) that 's what we use to call a beer when we be kid ... beer spell backwards . Brian reach in the back seat and grab the last lucky lager . he cross to the other side of the car and hand early the beer . brian last one . early stare at the last of the lucky lager . early ... well I probably drunk more than my share , anyway ... you go on a ' have it . brian no , it 's all yours . it 's on I ... for save my ass back there . early take the beer . early hey , that 's what buddy be for , right ...? early polish off the rest of the bottle and heave it into the wood . early ( voice drop almost to a whisper ) you know that door I be talk about ? found two of they back in kentucky . shit , I be not even look for one the first time . I and the boy be just swingin ' we sickle by the side of the road , and I turn around and there it be ... this door with this bright blind white light all around it ... course I be thinkin ' I must be sunstroke or something ' ... so I close my eye figurin ' I will count ten and it will be go right ... so I be countin ' ... ( he close he eye ) ...1-2-3-4-5... a ' I be ' bout to piss myself right ... -6-7-8-9 ... 10 . a ' I open my eye slow , spectin ' it will not be there right ... when early open he eye , he see a concerned look on Brian 's face . early ( unconvincingly ) ... and it be not . a awkward silence . then early start laugh . Brian follow suit . they both climb back in the car . they force laughter trail off . Brian shift the lincoln back into gear and segues awkwardly ... brian what be you " swinging a sickle " for ? early stare at Brian . for a moment Brian be unsure what early will say , or do ? then early grin ... early for ... ' bout three year . Brian brake they eye contact , look back out onto the highway and just drive off . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . brian and carrie' motel room - later the door open revealing Brian silhouett in the doorway . under the influence of lucky lager , he fumble with the key ... get inside and noisily shut the door behind he . carrie remain stonily silent , in the dark . brian gotta see a man about a mule ... what 's wrong ? a few second pass . carrie the same thing that 's be " wrong " the whole trip . you good buddy early . carrie , in bed , switch on the side table light . reveal Brian lean on the wall try to get he shoe off without fall over . brian who say he 's my good buddy ? carrie you sure be act like you be ... ( redneck accent ) ... out whoopin ' it up , a drankin ' and ever ' thang . Brian point to the empty beer bottle on the table . brian hey come on , you two be drink too ... so what 's the big deal . Brian throw he shoe somewhere and head toward the bathroom . carrie yeah , and you should have see how terrify she be that he would find out . he beat she . brian how do you know that ? carrie she tell I ... ( add ) ... but only when she " deserve " it . do you know he be in jail ? bathroom Brian turn on the light . take a piss . a long one . brian yeah , for steal a car . aaahhhh . suddenly , from right behind he : carrie ( o.s. ) bullshit ! startle , Brian turn to see carrie . carrie ... he tell she it be for carry a gun , but the truth could be murder for all we know . no response from Brian . carrie walk away . live room carrie step over to the bed , pull the sheet back . Brian lean out the bathroom door : brian stop be so fuck melodramatic ! if it be murder he would still be lock up or on parole , in which case he would not be allow to leave the state . carrie maybe he be not allow to leave ! geezus Brian ! Brian smack himself on the forehead ( a sarcastic " how stupid of I ! " ) he pull he shirt off over he head , and admit ... brian ( sarcastically ) of course ! the accent , the clothes , and that table manners !... he 's get to be a mass murderer ! ( pause ) what else could he be ? he switch off the bathroom light , step out of the doorway , and begin to pull he jeans off . carrie climb into bed . brian you know , it would not even surprise I if he turn out to be ... a Republican ! Brian toss he jeans and move toward the bed . carrie switch off the the only light in the room . in the dark , we hear a thud as Brian trip over a chair . brian goddamnit !... my fuck toe ! ext . brian and carrie' motel room - a moment later carrie leave the motel room , ice bucket in hand . carrie ( to Brian inside room ) try not to lose consciousness ' till I get back . ext . motel corridor at the far end of a narrow hallway , carrie find a ice machine rumbling away noisily . the only illumination , a single fluorescent light bulb , hang suspend above it . at the ice machine with she arm bury inside the ice machine , carrie scavenge for what little ice there be ... when , out of the corner of she eye , she notice ... someone stand at the other end of the corridor . the silhouette of a man . carrie stop . her eye scan the claustrophobic hallway for another way out . there be none . she try to ignore the situation . grab another handful of ice cube . the man approach . carrie stop again . her mind race . the man 's face slowly become visible as he near the fluorescent light . it 's early . early ai not you do enough drink for tonight ? carrie ... Brian hurt he foot . early reach past she into the ice machine and grab a solitary cube . he put it in he mouth , suck on it . his torso be drench in sweat . he catch carrie stare at he . early sometimes ... do not know why it be ... I get so hot I can not stand it . I just start sweat like a dog . you ever get like that ? carrie ( tenuous ) no . early spit the ice cube back into he hand . he press it against the back of he neck . early I can feel it start to run down my neck ... ( he turn he back to show she ) ... and down my back ... right into my pants . carrie follow a bead of ice water as it slide down between he shoulder blade and along he back . early ... and everything start stickin ' together ... keep run down the back of my leg like two river racin ' for my boot , see who get there first . he snap a look back to carrie and find she look at he ass . she divert she glance . early you never get that hot , huh ? carrie shake she head no . early look in he hand to see that he ice cube have melt . carrie I gotta get back before this ice melt . carrie try to slip past he . he reach back into the machine , momentarily block she exit . he grab another ice cube . his face only inch from hers . early ... never ? carrie no , never . Excuse I . he pop the ice cube in he mouth and let she pass . early you like skynard ? no response , early chew up the ice cube . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . lincoln leaving the motel - next morning the car crawl out of the parking lot . int . lincoln carrie be drive . Brian be contend with a major hangover . there be still a silent tension between Brian and carrie from the argument the night before . early be in the back with Adele . Brian move he head and moan . adele my daddy always take sauerkraut juice and tobasco sauce for a hangover , mix in one egg not two , and some tomato juice ... from the front seat , Brian 's hand spring up in a desperate plea for a end to Adele 's colorful description . brian I be okay , thanks . Brian roll down he window for some fresh air , as the car pull away . ext . lincoln on highway - moment later the car be heading down a country road . int . lincoln carrie glance over at Brian , who be now asleep next to she . she look up into she rear-view mirror ... carrie' Pov : in the mirror early be asleep , lean against the door . Adele be rummage through a large canvas bag on the seat next to she . suddenly ... the wail of a approach ambulance get carrie 's attention . it roar by . carrie glance in the mirror again . the next instant , unexpectedly ... ext . lincoln she furiously pull the car off the road to a abrupt halt . int . lincoln Brian 's head bang against the side window . brian what ! what ! carrie nod toward the back seat . Brian turn and see Adele look back at they questioningly . beside she , early rustle . brian what be it ? carrie look again ! Brian notice that Adele 's rummage have reveal a automatic pistol in the open canvas bag . Brian stare at it . early 's eye open . ext . parked lincoln - later a desert plain . it 's very quiet here . until the silence be break by the sound of gunshot . reveal early teach Brian how to shoot . a row of tin can be set up on a rusty old car . it 's obvious that Brian 's enthralled with the idea of shoot the gun . even if he be not hit anything . early only thing my old man ever give I be that goddamn .45 . Brian fire off another shot , miss again . early bri ' , you be jerkin ' it when you pull the trigger , hold it real steady . nearby stand a unhappy carrie . Adele pull she yoyo out of she pocket . adele boy will be boy . carrie do not respond . Adele offer the yoyo to carrie . adele you know any trick ? carrie shake she head no . Adele withdraw she offer . adele you wanna learn some ? again carrie decline . her steely gaze return to Brian . on early and brian early help Brian to hold the gun . early steady ... breath in ... now let half of it out , and ... fire . bang !! the can fly off the tree stump . Brian turn to carrie to see she reaction ... but she 's already on she way back to the car , and she 's furious . concerned , Brian start to follow after she ... but early grab he attention . early bri , I want you to keep this gun ... consider it a present . never know , California could turn out to be a dangerous place . Brian gaze at the gun rest in the palm of he hand . ext . a empty highway - day the lincoln roll along . int . lincoln Brian be drive . carrie keep to herself . in she side mirror she catch a glimpse of early curl up in Adele 's lap . she watch a moment longer ... and realize that they be make out . beginning to kiss and touch one another . ext . highway near abattoir - late afternoon the lincoln turn off the main highway onto a dirt road . in the distance , we see a large rundown building . int . a old deserted abattoir - afternoon the lincoln pull up to the ramshackle structure . Brian glance to the back seat to make a remark to early and Adele and see that they be amorously engage . Brian and carrie start to gather they stuff . carrie open the glove compartment , inside be box of film ... and the .45 automatic . she take a few pack of film , and close the glove compartment . early tell ya bri. , I be still a little sleepy , ... think Adele and I be gonna take we a fiesta . carrie ( piss off ) siesta . carrie reach over and take the key from the ignition , lock the glove compartment and pocket the key . both she and Brian exit the car . as they start to walk toward the structure Brian hear a sound , he turn back to see . Adele lean forward into the frontseat as the lincoln 's big white top start to come up . int . abattoir even in daylight , the interior of the dilapidate old building be equal part unnerve , austere , and menace . the last ray of sunlight stream through what remain of the window . the light fall on a long ominous row of wick look meat - hook hang from the ceiling . carrie be get she camera equipment ready . she 's quiet and uncommunicative . new angle close , on a small audio cassette player as it come to rest on a giant butcher block table in the center of the room . Brian pop a cassette in the player . carrie what 's that ? brian a copy of a tape they find . he record everything . camera in hand , carrie begin to move about , despite the fact that this place repel she . Brian press a button on the audio cassette player . the small tinny speaker play a bad recording of something we slowly come to realize be the unmistakable sound of a woman be torture and plead for she life . flash !! flash !! carrie fire off a series of shot from different angle . Brian scan the place try to imagine what happen . scream from the audio tape bounce off the wall . brian ( speak into he small hand hold tape recorder ) his mother have he work in here before he be eight year old ... kill animal with a sledgehammer that be bigger than he be . Brian and carrie walk through the remain of a doorway into another room . brian when she be piss at he , she would beat the shit out of he and lock he in here overnight ... the plea for help and scream on the tape subside to a steady whimper . brian ( continue ) ... eventually the boy wake up one morning , pick up that sledgehammer and start hurt back . flash !! flash !! carrie take a few more shot of the ominous interior . then she stop , turn and walk out of the room . she 's have enough . Brian follow after she . brian there 's more ... carrie I be finish . carrie stop to pick up the rest of she gear . brian look ... I know you be piss off about the gun , and I do not blame you ... carrie wheel around to face he . carrie Brian , I be not piss off . God damm it , turn that thing off . she switch off the cassette player . carrie I be scared . a week ago you would never have even think to pick up that gun . this afternoon you be out there wield it around like clyde fuck barrow , for Christ 's sake ! what 's with you ? brian okay , it be a cheap thrill , it be stupid , I admit it , alright ? ( pause ) but let 's not blow this . not now ... let 's just get the photo . carrie I can not believe I agree to do this . omitted brian oh come on , do not give I that shit ... you want to take this photo as much as I want you too . carrie wrong ! I be willing to do whatever it take to get you up off you ass and on the way to California ... there 's a big difference . carrie storm out of the place . she exit the tunnel , and make she way toward ... the lincoln as she approach it , through the rear windshield she see ... early and Adele fuck wildly ! carrie want to turn away , but she can not stop watch they . fascinate , she raise the camera to she eye and zoom in on they . through carrie' camera lens : on early and adele early be sit against the back seat . Adele be straddle he . carrie 's finger find the shutter button . early 's arm move up under Adele 's dress ... her hand press up against the roof . she 's tremble ... waver ... carrie 's finger press down on the button , click !! then in one swift movement early sweep Adele onto the back seat . Close on early 's face . he 's sweat ... lip move ... talk dirty to Adele . keeping she finger on the button , carrie rapid fire through a whole roll of film . she 's oblivious to the whine of the motor drive once all the film be shot out . then unexpectedly !! early look directly into the camera , at carrie . and smile ... and continue to fuck Adele . a chill rush through carrie , she almost drop the camera . she run back toward the tunnel ... and right into Brian 's arm . he startles she . she pull away from he . carrie Brian I want he out of we car ! brian why , what do he do ? carrie Brian get he out of the car . next gas station either he leave or I do ! omitted ext . desert - dusk the lincoln pass through frame . in the background , the surreal image of a industrial complex bath in a eerie artificial light . int . lincoln pull into a gas station - twilight a electrical storm be in full swing . ext . gas station the lincoln barely come to a stop at the pump before carrie storm out of the car and head toward the gas station interior . she leave Brian to break the news to Adele and early . int . gas station the only person inside be a young male attendant . he 's watch tv behind the counter as carrie enter . on the tv we see a newsman . we only catch fragment of what he be say because the storm outside be affect the tv reception . carrie twenty dollar in the tank and a carton of cigarettes . in fact , each time the lightning flash occur all of the electrical power at the station be affect . the fluorescent light outside and inside begin to flicker and falter sporadically . newsman ... the ex-mental patient with a history of arrest be still at large ... static . carrie look at the tv , watch for a moment . it do not hold she attention . she look away and notice Adele leave the car . Adele walk toward a Coke machine at the other end of the gas station . attendant here 's you cigarettes ... carrie turn back toward he . attendant ... and change . better be careful , look like a bad one come . where you headin' ? carrie California . attendant hear it never rain there . must be nice . he button up he rain coat and go out into the night to gas up the lincoln . carrie pull a pack of cigarettes from the carton , nervously light one up . she look out the window toward the lincoln . ext . gas pump through flash of lightning and thunder she see Brian in the car talk to early . early listen quietly . Brian look adamant yet apologetic . the attendant fill the lincoln 's tank . int . gas station simultaneously , as carrie watch this ... behind she on the tv screen ... a wave of interference scramble the picture . newscaster ... we would like to repeat ... static . newscaster ... there be a nationwide manhunt for ... static . int . gas station - on the tv the static clear and the newscaster appear . newscaster ( o.s. ) ... be believe responsible for the murder of he landlord John diebold ... static . ext . gas pump - tighter on lincoln Brian 's still talk -- use he hand to explain . early be watch he with a resign expression . int . gas station - on the tv a video tape image of a familiar gas station record by a surveillance camera . newscaster ...of the fatal stabbing and robbery of Mr. Joseph Davies robbin ... new angle on carrie she stare at the tv with grow horror as she notice a familiar black lincoln in the background . in mid-ground , a male figure approach the video camera unknowingly . slowly , early 's image become visible . newscaster if you see this man ... carrie panic , turn toward the door and run smack into the arm of a drip wet early grayce ! early stare at she and drop he bag to the ground . early I be not ridin ' in no bus ... bitch . then ... early notice himself on the tv . newscaster ( o.s. ) ... call you local police or FBI ... static . early grab carrie around the neck and yank she into the back office . he push she down onto a chair . early you just sit there and keep you mouth shut . he search behind the cash register and find a saw - off shotgun . he shut the tv off . early I know that boy'd have a hogleg here somewhere . the attendant rush back in from the pour rain . early point the saw - off shotgun at he . early get over here . early force he into the office . early sit you ass down in that corner . Adele enter the adjacent room . she check out the various vend machine in search of candy . early tap on the window and motion she into the office . she see carrie in the chair , scared to death , and early aim the gun at the attendant . adele early , what be you doin ' ? early go back to the car and keep Brian there . I do not want he in here ... ( beat ) do it Adele ... now ! Adele look back at carrie , then hurry out . early empty the cash register . early what 's you name , boy ? attendant ( very scared ) walter livesy . early think . I might just have to kill you walter . how do you feel about that ? attendant not so good . you sure you have to ? early I do not know . wish I do . carrie early , just think ... early shut you mouth . int . lincoln Adele open the door on the driver 's side look scared . Brian be in the passenger seat . he 's look in the glove compartment for a map . the .45 automatic early give Brian be clearly visible . Adele stare at it . brian Adele , what be you do back here ? Adele get in and start look under the seat . adele ... lose my purse ... could you help I look for it ? it 's probably under the seat . int . gas station the attendant be reach up , hand early the money from he pocket . carrie be seat in front of he . early where you from walter ? attendant ( nervous shake ) Vernon , Florida . early never hear of it , any huntin' ? attendant Turkey mostly . early Turkey 's be real smart . smarter than most people think ... early rip the phone out of the wall . early tell you what walter , you lie down there now ... you make sure you stay put for a while after we leave ... okay ? the attendant nod yes . attendant ... mind if I hold that Bible ? early what do you need a Bible for ? the attendant have no response . early you think I be goin ' to kill you . well that would make I a liar then would not it ? attendant no sir . early take the Bible off the desk and hand it down to the attendant . early here you go . the frighten young man lie face down on he stomach clutching the Bible and start to pray . on the counter next to he early notice a large stuff " happy face " display . " free with every 20 gallon purchase . " he grab one , stare at its face curiously . early ( mumble to himself ) I wonder if Adele would like one of this ? ( beat ) Nah ... suddenly ... he put the barrel of the gun between the " happy face " eye ... point it at the back of the attendant 's head . carrie begin to scream . early pull the trigger . the blast explode the " happy face " and rip into the back of the attendant 's head , kill he . int . lincoln - simultaneously a thunderous crackle of lightning all but mask the gunshot . the rain start pour down . brian what be that ? Adele stare blankly back . int . gas station the room fill with billow down stuff . as the stuff float to the floor it stick to they hair , skin and clothes ... early ( surprised at the feather ) what the fuck ! int . lincoln Brian open the door to leave . ext . gas station early drag carrie out of the office toward the car . Brian see they run toward the car . they spill into the back seat . Brian see carrie be upset . brian carrie , what 's wrong ? ( to early ) early , we go through this already , you have to leave . from the back seat early wipe some more feather from he face , then point the attendant 's gun at Brian 's head . early ( spit out a feather ) ' fraid not bri ' ... drive Adele . Adele start the car . she pull out of the station and into the rainstorm . int . gas station the last of the feather fall like snow . the whole room be now white except for a red stain around the head of the dead attendant . int . lincoln - a moment later the car move down the highway . early in the back seat be still try to brush away feather . early hate to be a indian - giver but I be gonna have to ask for my gun back . Brian reach in the glove compartment . he remove the gun and hand it to early . brian ( to early ) what happen back there ? carrie sit in the corner of the back seat , cover in feather but not even notice they . carrie he shot he in the head ... oh God ! Adele turn to the back of the car to face carrie . adele ( raise she voice ) he do not , you liar . take that back . the lincoln swerve off onto the side of the road . Adele look to the front again and steer it back onto the highway . carrie he 's a killer , Brian ... he 's fuck insane . early everybody just shut up ! early pick some more feather off himself . early you two just cooperate and do what I say , and we will all arrive safe and sound in California , as plan ... unless , of course , Adele do not kill we first with she drive . new angle - extreme cu the St. Christopher statue swing from the rear-view mirror . the windshield wiper sweep back and forth against the pour rain . ext . a isolated abandoned store - next morning the lincoln pull up at the rear of the store . Adele exit carry a couple of bag of chinese take - out food . int . abandoned store Adele enter the decrepit store . the other be inside . Brian and carrie be tie up . Brian watch early intently as he take one of the bag from Adele . he begin open one of the carry out container . early what the hell be this stuff ? adele it 's chinese food . it be the only place open . you say you be starve , you would eat anyth ... early open another container . stare curiously at the content . early yeah but , what be it ? adele I do not know , they do not speak too good English . early set the container down . early and just what exactly be the chinese do here in the middle of the american desert anyway ?... didja get the beer ? Adele somewhat reluctantly hand early a bottle of beer from a second bag . early ... " chink " beer ! early notice that Brian be watch he intently . he mistake Brian 's interest for hunger . early oh hell , I be sorry bri . Adele , honey , untie Brian , he 's starve over there . ( pause ) carrie , you want some ? carrie do not respond at all . Adele unty Brian . early pull out he gun , put it on the table next to he . Brian sit across from early . he watch as early rummages impatiently through the carry out paraphernalia . early where 's the damn fork and spoon at ! frustrate , early finally take a gulp of chinese food right out of the container . it go down rough . early ... be it just I , or have this whole trip be goin ' downhill ever since we run outta lucky lager ? Brian pick up a pair of chopstick , then reconsider , put they back down and , like early , gulp from the container . nearby , carrie sit quietly . as she listen to the two man talk ... she notice something on she arm . she lift she arm up to get a closer look . her Pov she see that a few of the white down feather still cling to she . closer ... and she see that one of the tiny feather be tinged with blood . the Gas Station attendant 's . it freak she . on brian and early brian ( quietly ) how many people have you kill early ? early stop ... think for a moment . on carrie she try to brush the bloody feather away ... but with she hand bound , she can not reach it . on brian and early early well now , how many people d' you see I kill ? Brian shake he head . brian none . on carrie in quiet desperation , she raise she arm to she lip ... and blow the solitary blood tinged reminder away . on brian and early early stare at Brian . early ... well then , that 's how many I kill . brian ( unconvincingly ) if you say so . early damn right I do . on adele Adele watch the tiny down feather drift to the floor . on brian and early early pick up a different container and gulp some down . after a moment ... early you never kill anyone have you bri' ? Brian shake he head no . early you never even see anybody kill , right ? Brian stop eat and look at early . brian what be you get at ? early lean closer to he . early you wanna tell I how and the hell you gonna write a book ' bout something ' you do not know nothin ' ' bout ? Eye to eye , the two man stare at one another . Brian have no answer . early ya see what I be sayin ' ? ( beat ) ha ! brian ( nervously mime the same ) ... ha. early go back to gulp down he dinner . this time he get a spicy one . early ( a nod toward the carry out container ) ... watch out for that stuff , it bite . Brian gaze at the cluster of chinese carry - out food container . a ironic reminder of a earlier conversation . he let out a weak ironic laugh . brian ( recollect to himself ) ... way too much msg . ext . lincoln - traveling - day int . lincoln drive down backroad - day early be behind the wheel , not a care in the world . Adele sit beside he play with she camera . she turn and aim the camera at Brian and carrie in the back seat , they hand be bound . adele smile . neither make any attempt at smile . Adele snap they photo anyway . in the front seat , she sit quietly for a moment then lean over to early and whisper something to he . early no way . I guarantee you he be breathe when I walk outta there . Adele sit back quietly . carrie want to speak but do not . early hey ... ai not we get near the next murder site ... bri ? brian forget about it , do not matter . early Hell it do not ... ( beat ) ... Hand I Brian 's map there Adele . one day I be gonna pass some store and see you book in the window . I and Adele gonna buy a copy for we coffee table . new angle carrie silently fume in the back seat . Brian stare at the rope that bind he wrist . ext . old deserted mine area - later that day the lincoln drive down the dirt access road and stop . they all get out , early unty Brian and carrie . early figure you hand might be start to hurt . early look down the hill to the old mine building . early let 's have a look . you girl come ? carrie 's steely gaze answer early 's question . adele can I just wait here ? early lean into the car and pick up Adele 's camera . early do not worry bri ' , I will take the picture . ( to Adele , with a kiss to she cheek ) ... you stay here with carrie. ( to carrie ) you run off ... bri ' pay the price . karma , remember ? pistol in hand , early follow Brian down the hill . Adele begin nervously play with she yoyo . carrie watch as Brian and early disappear around a bend in the dirt road . out of the corner of she eye , she hone in on Adele 's yoyo . Adele become increasingly intense about manipulate the yoyo , control it . until she 's lose in it . a momentary refuge . adele this be call walk the dog . new angle - extreme cu a huge excruciatingly tight shot of the yoyo in slow motion . its string unravel as it spin downward . carrie pull she gaze away . carrie' Pov the desolate surround landscape , a bright blue sky , the scrubbrush . and no one who can help they . carrie turn and look over she shoulder down the hill . ext . old mine build the old mine building , rusted and desert since the late ' 20' . early so tell I ... what happen here ? brian two brother , prospector , live here . up until a few year back . flash ! -- early take a photo with the instamatic . early ( coax ) ... and ? brian they pick up hitchhiker ... young man ... and bring they back here . early scan the grounds . early where would they do it ? reluctantly Brian lead early toward the old mine building . at the open , early hesitates . early bri . Brian stop in he track . ext . lincoln - tight close up Adele 's yoyo skitter across the gravel road surface . ext . old mine build Brian turn back to early . early this be not go to give I nightmare , be it ? ext . lincoln - tight close up then in a snap !... the yoyo recoil into Adele 's palm . carrie' Pov a distant empty ribbon of road . on carrie her eye search for anyone who could help . adele ( o.s. ) this be one of my favorite ... rock the cradle . int . old mine build Brian and early be silhouett against the die sky . flash !! early take another photo . brian ... they ask they just before they be execute why they do it . they say " to be famous . " ( beat ) why do you do it ? flash !! early take a flash photo of Brian , momentarily blind he . early do what bri ? early move slowly toward Brian . brian we both know you do not have to kill that gas station attendant . Brian 's eye dart nervously to the gun dangle in early 's palm . flash ! ext . lincoln - tight cu in slow motion Adele 's hand manipulate the yoyo and string . int . old mine build brian you want to . ( beat ) why ? flash ! Brian flinch . early remain silent as he close in on Brian . brian it make you feel good ? powerful ? ( flash ! ) Superior , what ? come on early , tell I something . ( flash ! ) be you angry ? early 's boot land toe to toe with Brian 's shoe . brian ( tentative ) who be you angry with early ... you mother , you father ? Eye to eye , the two man stand there . early you want to know about my daddy , I will tell you about my daddy , bri ... ext . lincoln carrie walk over to Adele at the car . Adele do not miss a beat with she yoyo . carrie Adele , listen to I ... early 's sick ; he should be in a hospital . Adele screw up the trick . she pull the yoyo off she finger and throw it in the back seat . she lean into the front seat and crank the radio up to the max . close she eye , she begin move to the music , and try to ignore carrie . carrie ( shouting over the music ) the police be after he , he 's a murderer ! adele ( uncertain ) ... that 's not true . carrie ( shouting ) what ? adele ( shouting back ) that 's not true ! new angle a police car pull into frame , unnotice by carrie and Adele in the background . int . police car male officer let 's take a look . female officer I will call in the plate . the male Officer exit , unlock he holster . the female Officer pick up the police radio and call in the license plate number . ext . lincoln near mine area the radio be blaring . Adele continue to dance despite carrie 's plea . carrie ( shouting ) ... I would not lie to you , Adele . . . I see he kill that man . adele ( defensive ) early do not kill nobody , he would not do that . I do not know why you be say that thing . you be not my friend . with that , Adele stop she dance and turn away from carrie ... to see the male Officer walk toward they . adele please do not say anything carrie . the male Officer continue toward they . it look like he 's talk to they ... but he voice be inaudible under the deafen radio . new angle : favoring the two police officer the female Officer stick she head out of the police car and yell to she partner . he turn to listen . female officer we get a match , I will call for back up . as the male Officer turn back , he see Adele reach into the front seat of the lincoln . the male Officer draw he revolver and level it at Adele . new angle : favoring adele and carrie click ! Adele shut the radio off , total silence . as Adele lean back out of the car , she turn , face directly into the barrel of the male Officer 's gun . male officer all right lady , I want both of you to slowly step away from the can ... bang ! a single gunshot ring out ! the male Officer jerk back and fall to the ground . Adele scream ! carrie whip a panicked glance around and see ... early run toward they . Brian , bewilder , follow behind . brian Pov ( running ) ahead of he , he watch early race past the wounded male Officer . he kick the Officer 's revolver out of reach and rush toward the police car . early fire he gun repeatedly as he charge the car ! the female Officer pull she gun and start to get out of the car , when ... a shot shatter the windshield hit she in the chest . she collapse back onto the seat . on brian he stop at the sight of the wounded male Officer . shock , he watch the man writhe in pain . his hand clutching he crotch . his blood ooze into the dirt . early approach the police car . he see the dead cop and hear the radio dispatcher . police radio Officer need help , shot fire , six Adam five , one eighty - seven , suspect want in multiple murder . location unknown , last see ... Brian be not sure what to do . he look around ... see the Officer 's handgun lie in the dirt . he take a step toward it , when ... another gunshot ring out ! Brian stop . look to the police car . he see early stand there , smoke belching from the dashboard ... the police radio be dead . early walk back toward Brian and the other . he step over to the injure male Officer on the ground . early tell I that do not hurt . early pick up the wounded cop 's gun . he hand it to Brian as he train the .45 automatic at Brian 's chest . early shoot he . you will be do he a favor . Brian look to early in disbelief . omitted brian no , no , I can not . early cock the pistol and push the barrel to Brian 's head . Brian look down at the wounded cop who be writhe in pain . early ( no , ) it 's the answer to all they question of yer . Brian will not do it . he drop the gun to the ground . early now you will never know . early cock he pistol . brian ... do not do it . early , look at he , look at he face . that 's not you father . early stare at the wounded cop 's face . early I know that . that there be a policeman in a world of pain . and this be what you call a mercy killin ' . early shoot the cop again . the cop lay still . early reach down and take the dead cop 's handcuffs . he casually point the little camera at the dead cop . flash !! ext . lincoln - on backroad - later the lincoln hurtle down the road . int . lincoln early drive . Adele in the passenger seat look bewilder . carrie and Brian in back , handcuff , eye hollow with exhaustion and fear . then out of the quiet ... early I be still wait . Adele look across the seat to early . her face drain of all expression . early ( disappointed ) not so much as a simple " thank you . " Adele at a loss . finally ... confuse ... adele ( empty ) ... thank you . early thank you for what ? ( become aggravate ) what be you thanking I for Adele ? adele ( hesitantly , she admit ) ... I do not know . early well Adele ... it be for ... ( scream at she ) ... save you fuck life back there ! she shrink away from he . early ( gesture with he fingertip a fraction apart ) darlin ' you be ' bout that far from spendin ' the night at the morgue . you understand ? carrie he be not go to shoot she , you murdering son of a bitch ! early look into the rear-view mirror . Brian try to defuse the situation . brian carrie ... stop it . carrie ( explode ) what the fuck be wrong with you Brian !? if you will stop take note for once and open you eye ... you will see that he be a homicidal fuck killer . he be ... for real ! brian shut up carrie , please ... just shut up ! ext . lincoln on deserted highway - sunset the lincoln drive along a old desert highway pass occasional gas station and dilapidate motel . int . lincoln on deserted highway - sunset early be drive . he notice something in the distance . early's Pov - night off in the distance ... a oasis of greenery . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . the musgrave house - arizona / utah border - dusk a home in a secluded valley near the desert . it have a cactus garden . the garden be illuminate so it can be enjoy at night . reveal ... the lincoln park by the front door . ext . lincoln - closer Adele gaze out the passenger - side window . she 's enthralled by the sight of all the cacti . adele ... I love ' cactuse ' cos they be so strong . do not need much care really . reveal Brian handcuff to the steering wheel beside she . he crane he neck to see out the rear window ... brian Pov early step up to the front door of the house and ring the bell . carrie stand beside he . a light come on inside . the door slide open a crack and mrs . musgrave , a attractive older woman with silver hair , peer out with a puzzle look . int . lincoln - same time Adele ramble on . adele ( far away ) ... you can forget about them forever and then look at them and they be doin ' even better than before . brian ( watch the house ) Adele ... we gotta do something before early kill someone else . brian Pov of early and carrie as they be let into the house . int . lincoln Adele be still rambling on about she interest in cacti . adele ... there be not nothin ' can kill them . they can live for two even three hundred year . brian Adele for god sake please lis ... adele ( she glance over to Brian ) there be not nothing we could do . once early set he mind on somethin' , well thats the end of that . Adele drift back to the cacti. int . musgrave live room - a little later close on a porcelain cactus one of many we now reveal to be atop a fireplace mantle . Adele lean in against the mantle and scrutinize the cactus . carrie and Brian sit on the floor , back to back , they arm bound around the leg of a piano by a pair of police handcuffs . Mrs. musgrave be stand nearby . she 's overwhelm . numb . she pour herself a glass of bourbon . mrs . musgrave ( to herself ) it 's just like in that dream I have . if only I have see they face . she take she drink and sit down on the couch nearby . Adele drop down quietly on the chair next to she . adele ( try to cheer Mrs. musgrave up ) you have get beautiful cactuse here , I just love them . my momma use to keep a garden . Mrs. musgrave downs most of she drink with the first try . distress , she head slump down . early ( o.s. ) ( from the kitchen ) hey bri ... you ever stop to think that if you switch the two letter in you name ... ( enter the room ) ... it would spell Brain . early , he pistol wedge in he belt , appear from the kitchen eat a sandwich . between bite ... he walk over and rip the phone out of the wall unit . he glimpsis Mrs. musgrave . early what 's wrong with she ? adele ( sorry for she ) she have a dream that something ' like this be gonna happen . early notice the glass of bourbon in she tremble hand . he step over to she and take the glass away . early I will bet she do . he set the glass down next to a recent picture of Mrs. musgrave and a elderly man with silver hair . early where 's you husband ? mrs . musgrave ( lie ) ... I be a widow . early look at she , he do not believe she . ext . musgrave house - night everything be quiet beneath the star studd sky . the same elderly man picture with Mrs. musgrave be study the sky through a powerful telescope . mr. musgrave be a amateur astronomer . o.s. the SOUND of a door open . then footstep . mr. musgrave ( excited ) be that you peaches ? come , you must see saturn tonight . the ring be sensational ! int . study - glass display case early lean into frame , stare at the display case . early's Pov Inside of it be a four foot long replica of the first atomic bomb , " fat Boy . " fade newspaper article on the wall indicate Mr. musgrave have something to do with the bomb 's initial construction . a old photo on the bookshelf show a much young Mr. musgrave in a ' 50' kitchen . he be laugh and embrace a ' 50' style female mannequin . mr. musgrave ( o.s. ) my oh my , this be quite rare , quite rare indeed . come have a look ... early 's eye drift over to a set of golf club that sit in the corner of the room . mr musgrave's Pov - through telescope the planet saturn and its glorious ring . mr. musgrave ( o.s. ) peaches ? omitted thwack !! the planet turn into a blur of light ... then blackness . int . live room - same time - on brian and carrie Brian and carrie be still cuffed to the piano , in the background we see Mrs. musgrave and Adele look out the window into the backyard . brian ( whisper to carrie ) you gotta talk to she . she look up to you , she will listen to you . carrie I try talk to she at the mine . it do not work . brian then try again , ( it 's we only chance . ) ext . house - later early be lean on a golf club look through the telescope . adele ( o.s. ) early ? he pull he eye away as Adele arrive . adele ( excited ) early , Mrs. musgrave have the most beautiful little guest house out back and ... well , no one 's stayin ' in it ... it 's just empty . and she say if I and you want to , well maybe we ... suddenly , o.s. , a scream pierce the moment ! early and Adele turn toward the doorway to see Mrs. musgrave scream . the older woman 's eye stare past Adele to the floor nearby . Adele follow the terrify woman 's gaze to find ... Mr. musgrave 's body lie on the floor . a bloody wound in the back of he head . all of Adele 's enthusiasm drain from she face . early ( to Mrs. musgrave ) well ' peaches ' ... you be a widow now . Mrs. musgrave collapse to the floor . int . live room - short while later Brian and carrie be still cuffed to the piano . across from they , early sit in a overstuff chair look through carrie 's collection of erotic photography . early ( to Brian ) have you see this one ? that do not leave much to the imagination now do it ? he look at another photograph . confused , he turn it upside down , stare at it . int . the den - same time Mrs. musgrave be laid out on the couch . Adele , deep in think , watch over the older woman . finally Adele reach into she purse , pull out she small pot cactus then walk across the room to a table . its top be cover with small pot cacti . she gently place hers among they . on mrs . musgrave Mrs. musgrave begin to regain consciousness . her eye open to find ... Adele stand over she . Adele bring she finger to she lip -- shhhh . int . live room early look through several more photo . he stop on one of a nude woman 's torso . early look at it for a moment ... then extend the photo out toward carrie , compare it to she . early ( smile and shake he head in disbelief ) that 's you be not it ? carrie do not answer he . then , in the background directly behind early ... Adele and Mrs. musgrave quietly appear . carrie notice they as they start to cross the hallway to the kitchen . early see carrie 's eye glance past he . he turn to see why ... when ... carrie ( o.s. ) you be right early ... early stop . look back to carrie . Brian also turn to she curiously . carrie ... it be I . do you like it ? early look at the photo again . Adele and Mrs. musgrave now cross safely to the kitchen . carrie eye meet early 's . he smile , pull the nude photo of she close to he face ... and lick it . int . kitchen - same time Adele quietly open the back door . adele go on now ... please . Mrs. musgrave be confuse , be it a trick ? she look into Adele 's eye ... and know it 's not . the old lady turn and walk out into the dark desert . Adele stand at the open door , watch Mrs musgrave escape . adele ( in a whisper ) ... call I . int . live room - a moment later early finish look through the photograph . he close the cover of the portfolio . early well they say there 's room fur all kind in California ... and that 's where we be gonna be this time tomorrow . California . ( beat ) Adele honey ? int . kitchen early ( o.s. ) Adele ? early enter , and see Adele stand at the back door . Adele turn to face he . early look past she into the night and realize what she 's do . he stride across the room pull the pistol from he waistband . at the kitchen door early push Adele out of the way . early ( shouting ) peaches ! come on back here . there be not nothin ' for you to be afraid of . early Pov - ext . cactus garden aside from the occasional pool of light illuminate the cacti , it 's very dark . there 's no sign of Mrs. musgrave . int . kitchen he step outside and start fire he gun into the blackness ... bullet thunk into the cacti . early ( shouting over the gunfire ) nobody want to hurt you peaches ! adele early ! stop !! desperate , Adele grab a large pot cactus . she rush toward early . swing the cactus like a unwieldy bat , she pummel the side of he head . he stumble forward , disappear into the darkness . Adele stand outside the kitchen door , bewilder . then ... early ( o.s. ) oww ! oww !! -- fuck !!!! early re-emerges from the shadow . Adele 's eye widen when she see he . his cheek have long bloody gashes where the cactus rip the flesh . early ( perplex ) honey ... what do you think you be doin ' ? Adele start to cry . early oh , n'jus what in hell you cry ' bout ? I be the one get hit . adele I change my mind , early . I be not gonna climb up that Hollywood sign with you ... I decide . I think you mean , and you hurt people . a look come over early 's face that we have never see before . that he 's never feel before . hurt . he do not know how to deal with it . and he definitely do not like it . int . live room - same time ( intercut with previous scene ) brian carrie , watch for early . carrie what be you go to do ? brian I be go to try and lift the end of the piano . if I can ... slide you cuff free . carrie glue she eye to the kitchen doorway . Brian press he back up under the belly of the piano and use all he strength manage to lift the piano a inch off the floor . carrie slide she cuff out from under the leg . carrie what about you ? brian I do not know . carrie 's eye dart back toward the kitchen . then she notice a chair nearby . carrie can you lift it again ? just lift it , hurry . carrie grab the chair . as Brian lift the piano , she push the chair beneath the underside of it . it hold the piano suspend a inch off the floor . Brian drop to the floor and slip the cuff free . when ... a solitary gunshot ring out from the cactus garden . a moment later , early step quietly into the room . he 's pull the last few cactus needle from he face . he see Brian and carrie stand . early you two be busy in here . brian what happen to Adele ? early well , let 's put it this way . ( beat ) I need I a new woman . a shocked silence . Brian and carrie look to one another . carrie move toward the kitchen but early stop she ! Brian rush at he . early stick the .45 automatic in he face ! early sorry about this bri ... he start to squeeze the trigger . carrie ( desperate ) early , do not . early stop . he look to carrie . carrie I will do whatever you want . you want I to go with you , I will go with you . just do not kill he . early deliberate the situation , then ease up off the trigger ... and smile to Brian . then , without warning , he hit Brian over the head with the butt of the .45 automatic . Brian fall to the floor unconscious . omitted ext . musgrave house - early morning as early finish tie one of the replicant bomb , Little Boy onto the hood . he reach down and grab a six pack of beer on the ground and shove it in the back seat , then slide into the driver 's seat next to a anxious carrie . carrie be now wear one of Adele 's floral dress . early think anyone will notice ? carrie do not answer , early laugh . int . lincoln early look out over the expanse of the desert . he see a dirt fire road . early I will bet there 's a ' door ' out there ... save we some time . carrie do not understand what he mean . Nonetheless , she nod she head in agreement . ext . musgrave house the lincoln head out , past the cactus garden , into the darkness . the lincoln' headlight reveal Adele 's lifeless body on the ground near she beloved cacti . fade to black with the departing headlight int . musgrave live room - morning Brian be handcuff on the floor . his eye open slowly as he begin to regain consciousness . he sense someone behind he . he pivot around to see Mrs. musgrave kneel down to help he . ext . desert - same time in the distance , a cloud of dust reveal the lincoln , travel at high speed along the dirt fire road . int . lincoln - same time early still behind the wheel . carrie sit up against the passenger side door . she be tense and guard . out the window , nothing but empty desert . early pass I a beer ho and . carrie quietly respond . she kneel on the front seat and reach into the back . she grab a bottle by its neck , and pull it from the six pack of beer . bottle in hand , she hesitates a moment ... new angle : early's Pov in the drive mirror early watch carrie . early you wanna hit I with that , huh ? new angle carrie reconsider and sit back in the far corner of the front seat . carrie ( not look at he ) no. she hand the bottle to he . early reach out for the beer , but instead of take it , he clasp he hand over hers . he look at she and begin to squeeze ... early stop lyin ' ... I can see right through you . early squeeze even harder -- carrie begin to wince with pain . she wait for the glass bottle to shatter in she hand . early who d'ya think you be foolin ' ? ( beat ) I know you better than you think ... carrie ( confuse ) ... you be hurt I ... early hit the brake . the car screech to a halt in a cloud of dust . early squeeze on she hand even harder and begin to drag she toward he . early I see the way you be lookin ' at I since we meet ... snappin ' my photo when you think I be not lookin' . wanting I ... carrie turn she head away . early pull she closer . early I see you when I kill that boy ... he grab she hair with he other hand ... pull she head around -- force she to look at he . early have carrie right up against he , look right into she eye . early ( whisper ) you be plenty hot . carrie ( explode ) you sick twisted fuck ! you do not know shit about I . she struggle try to free herself . early , he face only inch from hers , smile ... early sick ... some people might say takin ' photo of I and Adele humpin ' in the back of the car be sick . carrie struggle even harder , but early tighten he hold . early ... you know what I mean ? carrie ... I know I would love to smash this bottle right in you fuck face . suddenly ... early release carrie , take the beer from she . carrie retreat back into the corner of the passenger side . early that 's better ... honesty ... I like that in a woman . he give she a grin , then open the bottle . early but I will tell ya ... when we get to California , we be gonna have to do something ' bout that gutter mouth of yours . early take a gulp of beer . ext . lincoln - same time early throw the bottle of beer out the window ( it be not lucky lager ) , slam the lincoln into " drive " and accelerate along the dirt road . int . musgrave live room mrs . musgrave he 's pull out all the line . the nearest phone be twenty mile east of here . Brian notice a old pickup truck park outside . ext . musgrave house - the next moment a anxious Brian hustle into the cab of the pickup truck . some tool be in the back . Brian still wear the handcuffs around he wrist . Mrs. musgrave stand near the front door . brian which way do they go ? mrs . musgrave ( point ) he take the fire road . brian take you car and get to that phone . call the police . Brian start the pickup and drive off . ext . desert - later the wind have pick up . a old wooden gate block the fire road . on either side , barb wire as far as the eye can see . the lincoln roar into frame and power through the barrier . the gate smashes into splinter piece of wood . int . lincoln - same time carrie lean against the passenger door . early 's eye scan the open desert -- look for the elusive ' door . ' carrie reach for she pack of cigarettes . early , without a word , reach out and take the pack from she . he crumple it up and throw it out the window . new angle carrie 's eye go to the instrument panel . the temperature gauge be in the red . ext . desert the pickup truck arrive at a crossroad and skid to a halt . Brian try to guess which direction to take . then he spot early 's discard beer bottle up ahead . the truck accelerate straight ahead , tire spin . ext . desert - later , the SUN be on the horizon the wind continue to escalate , blow harder and harder . the lincoln approach on the fire road . a trail of steam be stream out from under the hood , blind early 's view . finally , early slam on the brake and skid 180 degree to a halt ... steam pour out of the lincoln 's grill . the lincoln have have it . early be indifferent and look around . about a hundred yard away , barely visible through the grow sand storm , a old 1950 's style building . int . lincoln early open the back door . he grab a box of supplies ( some rope , a kerosene lamp etc . ) early come on . carrie slowly begin to respond . she slide across the front seat . new angle : close on the instrument panel carrie 's hand cross frame and pull out a knob on the dash . ext . desert - late afternoon the sun be start to set behind a distant mountain range . in the far distance ... the pickup truck , reveal by its trail of dust , cross the vast landscape . ext . ' 50 be desert house early and carrie struggle through the grow sand storm . carrie throw a last curious glance back to the lincoln as they reach the front door . int . ' 50 be desert house the front door be kick open . early enter the room with carrie in tow . close on early he look around the room ... a smile form on he face . early howdy , my name 's early grayce and this be my girl carrie . I hope you do not mind we bargin ' in like this but a ... we be on we way to California when we car break down , and ... early's Pov ( as he explain ) a live room fully decorate in ' 50 's furniture . Sand cover everything ... include ... a family of four mannequin place around the room : the father sit in front of the tv ... the mother ( the same mannequin as in Mr. musgrave 's old picture ) be topple over a kitchen counter ... the little girl be seat at a table ... the little boy be play with he toy plane on the floor . early ( o.s. ) well ... it 's gettin ' pretty rough out there , so if it 's all the same to you , we will be stay the night . ext . ' 5u' house early slam the front door shut . camera pull away - revealing the building be a single story ' 50' home of extremely cheap construction . it 's in bad condition . ext . desert - the smashed wooden gate the last ray of the set sun reveal the pickup truck head toward the smashed remain of the wooden gate . the pickup truck hurtle through the open leave by the lincoln . new angle on a collapse old wooden sign . it lie on the ground a few foot away from the gate post . " dreamland " - nuclear test range danger - keep out int . ' 50 be desert house - night wind and sand blow freely through the remain of the window . a solitary kerosene lamp dimly illuminate the live room area . its flicker light find ... early , stripped to the waist , crouch over the break tv set . he fidget with the knob . then the mangle rabbit ear antenna . carrie sit on some blanket in the corner next to the couch . she 's scared to death . her eye scan the batter room . debris everywhere . amidst all of it , carrie 's erotic photograph have be place about the room . on early still unable to get the tv to work , he smack it a good one on the side . with the smack !... carrie whip she look back toward early ... to find he 's lose interest in the tv . he turn toward carrie . stare at she for a moment . then with a hint of a smile , he begin to move toward she . the time have arrive . he reach down , grab she by the shirt and pull she to she foot . carrie do not resist . he 's rough with she as he kiss she on the lip . carrie pull she mouth away from he . she seem confuse , unsure of she feeling . early watch she , until she eye come back to he . then she step forward crowd she body against he , as she slip one hand around he neck and kiss he deep and hard ... suddenly early break the kiss and backhand carrie hard across the face . she land on the floor several foot away , the palm of she right hand be bleed . early look down to he waist to find a large piece of glass protrude from he side . he pull the glass shard out , blood drip down he side and onto he jeans . carrie get up and race into the back bedroom , frantically look for a way out , there be none . on the bed the two adult mannequin now lie naked . they have be place , intertwined in a grotesque sexual position . carrie turn and rush back toward the door . early intercept she and throw a punch to she stomach , which double she over . then early send a second punch to she face , she stumble backward , landing onto the bed amongst the mannequin . early begin undoing he belt . early ( friendly ) you will like it ... a violent gust of wind send several of the erotic photo swirl through the air . one of the photo whip across early 's chest . the wind hold it there momentarily . early not a lot , but you will like it . early peel carrie 's photo off he , the blood from he wound cover the back of it . he slap it against the nearest wall . it stick . he walk toward she . int . pickup truck - brian Pov the high wind have turn into a full fledge sandstorm . Brian be still drive dangerously fast . the dim light of the old pickup illuminate only a short stretch of dirt road ahead and the swirl sand . he pass a road sign : ' devastation drive ' then ... as the pickup truck come around a corner suddenly ... directly in front of he -- headlights !! Brian react ... too late !! the pickup truck plough into the vehicle , and tumble end over end through the open desert , before finally come to a abrupt halt . int . ' 50 be desert house - night with each thrust of early 's body , carrie 's badly bruise face contort with pain and hatred fade in : ext . desert Sand blow in through the smashed windshield of the wreck pickup truck . Brian be upside down with he eye shut . a trickle of blood run down he face . camera boom up a dirt slope to reveal the lincoln , beyond it on the hill above sit the desert house . the glow of the kerosene lamp be visible through the window . fade out : ext . desert house - dawn the storm be over ... no sand blow . no wind . no nothing . complete silence !!!! the dawn light reveal the devastate ' 50 's house to be one of a cluster , set at the end of a ' doom town ' cul - de-sac . int . ' 50 be house - same time in the darken bedroom , early 's solitary figure rustle atop the bed . slowly , he awaken . his eye open . across the bed , a pair of handcuffs be lock around the bedpost . in the other cuff be carrie 's motionless hand . then , out of the corner of he eye , early see something in one of the nearby room . curious , he stand , shove the .45 automatic in he waistband and walk toward the hallway . as he pass through the live room and enter the hallway , he face contort with a strange sense of wonderment . early's Pov a blind light be shafting through crack and break gap around the front door frame ... it look like a magical " door " shroud in a wall of light ! on early in disbelief he pull he gaze away from the " door " ... and see through a window at the opposite end of the house ... the morning sun rise . with that he turn he attention back to the front door ! early I know there be door out here ! he walk toward the doorway of light . he grin as he open the " door " and step through it . the sunlight momentarily blind he . early's Pov a black shadow hurtle toward he out of the brightness ... eventually it block out all the light until ... whaamm !!!! ext . door a blow knock early back through the doorway . he slam to the ground , on he back . the gun fall from he jeans and slide across the floor . a look of joyful amazement over the blood cover remain of he face , he try to get up , but can not . early's Pov Brian , silhouett , step into the doorway . he hold a shovel raise , ready to deliver a second , fatal blow ... but when he see early incapacitate on the floor , he lower the shovel to he side . his handcuff hand reach down and pick up early 's gun . he train it on early , then walk around he to enter the house . Brian 's eye slowly adjust to the interior ... early's Pov from on he back , early look out the open " door . " he see two large shard of glass stand vertical in the sand , reflect the sun 's ray back toward the house . he realize that the glass , place there by Brian , be what create the effect of the " door . " he start to laugh . early ( laugh ) that be damn tricky of you bri. Brian search for carrie . brian carrie ... carrie ... it 's over . on brian he move into the back bedroom and find carrie . she be crouch on the floor , handcuff to the bedframe . he move to help she . as he get closer , he see she badly bruise face and realize what 's take place throughout the night . Brian stop . the sympathetic expression on he face change . with hatred in he eye , he pivot around , stride out of the bedroom and move toward the front of the house to early . in the front room gun in hand , Brian rush back into the room . he wield the pistol toward the ground where early lay ... but early 's not there . Brian 's eye dart around the room ... then suddenly , from behind he , early grab he ! he wrench Brian 's head back and whip he belt buckle knife toward he throat ! Brian manage to lift he hand to he neck a instant before the knife tear through he flesh . the knife slice a vicious wound across the back of Brian 's right hand . he drop the gun to the floor . Brian elbow early in the rib and pull away from he . he reach to the ground for the gun , but early kick he in the stomach and send he crumble to he knee . early go ahead bri , ask I something . ( beat ) you wanna know how I be feel ' ? well I would say I be feelin ' pretty damn good . on all four , Brian reach out for the gun , but early kick it across the room . early how ' bout you ? you feelin ' good ? another kick to Brian 's chest . the wind rush out of he . early ...' Cause you sure do not look so good . ( beat ) or maybe you be feelin ' ... powerful . that it , you feel powerful ? Superior ? I know I be . early unload a ferocious kick to the side of Brian 's face ! his head snap back , he handcuff arm buckle and he fall flat to the ground . early what ? be I angry with my daddy ? now why would I be angry with my daddy ... you be the one hit I with the shovel . and you be the one 's gonna wish you have not . with one last effort , Brian manage to pull himself back up to he knee . he focus on the gun ahead of he and try to crawl toward it . but early 's foot shove Brian . he flip over onto he back , landing in front of the bedroom doorway . early move toward he , knife in hand . as early move toward Brian , unexpectedly from inside the doorway , the torso of the female child mannequin whip past . her harden molten face slam into early 's bloody face . early stumble backward . Brian crawl for the gun and grab it . from he knee he turn , steady the weapon , take a quick breath ... and fire . hitting early square in the chest ! early fall to the ground on he back . Brian lift himself to he foot . he see that carrie have drag the bedframe to the doorway , and in she free hand she hold the child mannequin by the leg . gun in hand , Brian step over to early . early 's body be still . blood ooze from the hole in he chest . on a silver chain around he neck be the key to Brian and carrie 's handcuffs . Brian reach down and grab the key ... when suddenly early 's arm spring up from he side . his hand grab Brian 's shirt collar . Brian be startle by the move , then realize that early 's hold be weak . his finger tremble . finally he arm drop back down to he side . early hey bri ... I think I need a doctor . what d'ya say ? the two man stare at one another for a moment ... then Brian , with one hand still on the handcuff key , shove the .45 automatic firmly under early 's chin . close on brian brian ... sorry ' bout this early . o.s. bang !! ring out as ... close up on the chain and key snap free from early 's neck . close up on Brian 's handcuffs hit the dusty wooden floor . close up on carrie 's handcuff swinging empty against the rusty bedpost . transition to : a montage of the photograph take throughout the journey . last image : a book " on the Road to madness " by Brian kessler . the end