" kate and leopold " screenplay by James Mangold and Steven Rogers base on a story by Steven Rogers fade in : int . victorian estate - 1895 - day close up : ornate antique grandfather clock strike 2:15 . the credit begin to roll . calligraphy place card be painstakingly hand - write in preparation for a formal reception . servant meticulously clean a elaborate crystal chandelier . hand rapidly shine silver cutlery . Fresh flower arrange in several enormous vase . int . kitchen - day Kitchen clock strike 2:15 . poultry pluck . feather everywhere . steam copper pot boil over . platter prepare with decorative garnish . extravagant tiere cake be lavishly iced . a glob of frosting enter a pair of pucker lip . the perpetrator , a fey , pompous , head valet , seriously consider the texture and flavor of the icing , then give the pastry chef a wither , sour look . the valet , oblivious to the chef 's fury , gather a prepare silver breakfast tray and check he pocket watch . 2:15 . int . bedroom - day antique bedside table clock -- just past 2:15 . the valet throw open velvet drape , sunlight flood the room revealing a figure sleep soundly in a massive oak frame bed . the valet put down the tray , pull back the quilt . the doze figure give the valet a deliberate , angry kick . flinch infinitesimally , the valet cross to the closet , select three suit and hold they up for inspection . from beneath the puffiest of pillow , a eye reluctantly open . a weary arm point decisively to the riding outfit . ext . estate - day the riding outfit be adorn by leopold , Duke of albany , a dash , virile man in he 30' . galloping with great abandon , he expertly lead he horse up hill and over hedge . he send gardener shaping the grounds flee from he path . in the background , lantern be be strung throughout the estate . rug be beat out of open window . int . hallway - evening large hallway clock -- 6:15 . a pair of boot track a freshly scrubbed floor as Leopold head carelessly up the stairway . Three step behind , the valet snap he finger signal the staff to clean up the mess . series of close ups gaudily frame portrait of somber relation . a bird sit listless in a gild cage . hot water be pour into a bath . carriage begin to arrive . orchestra leader signal the musician to play . guest fill the ballroom in formal attire . int . bedroom - night Leopold stare haughtily into a full length mirror . he wear only dot linen drawer and a black silk top hat of the period . he flexe slightly . the valet hastily fasten a corset around he mid-section from behind . Leopold eye he reflection seductively . he become bored . he turn to he right . the valet spoon sorbet from a silver saucer into he mouth . he turn back to the mirror to watch himself eat . the valet pat he mouth dry . he affect a pampere strut , crossing the room as the valet spray a mixture of perfume and powder into the air . Leopold thrust out he arm walk through the mist , turn and saunter back to he favorite place , in front of the mirror . finally , as if weigh a great decision , Leopold hand he hat to he valet and nod firmly into the mirror . close up Fine linen undervest slide over he head . Black twill worst trousers pull up to he waist . the buttone of he hard , white , roll collar . a cream suede glove stitched in black slide over he hand . a perfect tight bow tie be tie around he neck . a elegant black tuxedo jacket with silk facing and tail to the knee be fitte to he torso . his hair be sleek with oil and centrally parte . his eyebrow be brush with a tiny silver comb . his cheek be pinch . a red silk handkerchief be place in the bosom of he lapel . Leopold stare into the mirror . the effect be dazzling . he raise one eyebrow . then , in a voice you could pour over a waffle : leopold you dance like a herd of cattle , miss Fairchild . you be a rare woman who light up the room ... simply by leave it . he bow . as he rise , the reflection of Leopold 's uncle otto , a pampere , effectual man in he 60' , appear behind Leopold in the look glass . uncle otto tell I Leopold , do you plan to join we downstairs after complete this one - sided flash of wit ? leopold I despise affair of this sort , uncle otto . no one really listen to anyone else . if you attempt it , you will see why . uncle otto you judge everything too severely . I wonder what would happen if you be to cast that critical eye inward ? leopold you do not wonder at all . you merely ask in order to state you own opinion . uncle otto we be all concerned about you . leopold ahh , here it come . uncle otto you life do not seem to have any direction . at the age of 25 a man be too young to do anything well . at 35 he be too old . now be you time to take action . tell I , what be it you want to do with you life ? leopold ( wearily ) I do not know . uncle otto ( just as weary ) you ignorance cramp my conversation . ( he slap Leopold 's face twice rather quickly ) wake up ! this be you one and only life . every man have the chance to make a difference . do something ! Leopold , stung , take a moment to compose himself . leopold I be most grateful for you surveillance and for you sympathy . I assure you there be no need for concern . I be as effectual and attentive ... as my position allow . uncle otto life be not position , Leopold . it be action . ( he straighten Leopold 's tie ) I will see you downstairs promptly . in the appropriate frame of mind . he leave . Leopold stare into the mirror , snap he finger . the valet hand he a glass and pour a small shot of brandy . Leopold shoot he a look . the valet fill the glass higher . Leopold drain the glass and head to the doorway . he hesitates , take a deep breath and a long pause . finally ... the valet ( grandly ) go spread joy . without look back , Leopold leave the room . int . ballroom - night Music fill the air as the creme de la creme of victorian society gather inside . Leopold hold a prearrange dance card . he look at the name and find he first partner be miss tree . Leopold look upward helplessly at a unrelent God . int . ballroom dance floor - night a profoundly self - conscious Leopold dance energetically into frame with miss tree , a ancient , elfin , yet amazingly spry woman who gape up at he searchingly , unblink . Leopold open he mouth to speak , can think of nothing suitable to say , and clamp he mouth shut . they dance out of frame . int . ballroom dance floor - night Leopold dance into frame with clara , a beautiful girl of 19 . he glance at she and smile . she titter , turn away shyly . they whirl around the dance floor . his smile grow into a broad grin . caught up in the excitement , Clara beam up at he ... happily revealing a mouth full of miss , inky tooth . Leopold , face freeze in a formal smile , dance on . int . ballroom dance floor - night Leopold lumber into frame with miss fairchild , a woman of immense girth . with great dignity and extreme difficulty he maneuver she around the floor , look everywhere except she enormous bosom . leopold you dance like a angel , miss Fairchild . you light up the room . I thank you . miss Fairchild curtsey heavily . Leopold glance at he card , see the name miss serena clacket and shudder . he spot a very lovely woman hide amongst the guest . she scribbles in a small note pad , occasionally glance around . hiding he dance card , he saunter over . leopold good evening . I do not believe I have have the pleasure . the young woman stare vacantly at Leopold until she realize he be address she . she put she pad away . carlson ... Julia carlson . Leopold take she hand and kiss it gently . carlson I be sorry . will you excuse I ? leopold ( slightly tipsy ) you be not from the area , be you ? carlson ( smile and shake she head " no " ) be you ? leopold this be my estate . carlson really ? ( look around the room ) well it 's not home but it 's much ... Leopold regards she curiously . the orchestra start up . there be a hubbub amongst the guest . leopold shock ! the ta-ra-ra-boom-de -ay . carlson the ? oh , that 's from Paris , be not it ? leopold it be a scandal nonetheless . Leopold spot uncle otto observe he from across the room . leopold miss carlson , do I the honor ? carlson I be afraid I be not much of a dancer . leopold ( smile seductively ) truly I would be in you debt . any admonition would be erase simply by present a partner as lovely as yourself . carlson no , no . really , I ... Leopold stiffly hold out he arm . a beat . carlson , stick , take it with hesitation and be escort to the dance floor . they dance . all but Leopold and carlson gaily sing " ta-ra-ra - boom -de - ay . " Leopold , flushed , look quite smitten . carlson , shy at first , eventually smile brightly . leopold I suppose we really ought to sing along . carlson ( embarrassed ) oh , golly . they half sing , half speak the ta-ra-ra - boom -de - ay , they emphasis on " boom . " laugh giddily , they dance become freer , pick up speed . the room spin . finally : carlson ( breathless ) thank you for the dance . it be lovely . I hope it be not too awful for you . leopold not at all . it be most enlighten . there be a slight pause . the grandfather clock strike midnight . carlson I really must be go . leopold I will not hear of it . carlson ( move away from he ) no , I be quite late as it be . leopold I shall see you to the door ... carlson ( stop he resolutely ) you be very sweet . I have a wonderful time . ( she watch he , memorize he face . then firmly ) Goodbye . Leopold take a glass of champagne from a pass waiter . he watch carlson pass through the crowd and out the courtyard door . he survey the room . after a moment he follow she . ext . garden - night Leopold make he way through the manicure garden in the dark . he hear a eerie metallic SOUND . he slow down , brushes back the thicket . the silhouette of a woman be reveal . she be once again write in she notebook . leopold miss carlson ? carlson spin around quickly , panicked . Leopold stop . partially hide in the brush , a sleek , oddly shape , mechanical device . it 's door open , light from within , casting a weird glow . leopold good God ... carlson what be you ...? you frighten I . Leopold move toward the contraption and be about to touch it ... leopold what sort of mechanism be this ? carlson shake she head , unsure of how to proceed . leopold answer I ! carlson it 's perfectly all right . it 's ... Leopold carefully examine the apparatus , step inside . carlson freeze . carlson ( carefully , deliberately ) listen to I . please . move very slowly . step out of the machine . step out and I will explain whatever you want to know . leopold what be this ? who be you ? his hand come to rest on a glow red lever . carlson oh , God . she yank on he arm . instinctively he pull away , accidentally thrust the lever into action . carlson fall from the machine . carlson ( suddenly frantic ) get out of there ! get out now ! the machine light up . leopold miss carlson ... I ... carlson no !!! the compartment door snap shut . carlson shit !! there be a bright white flash . blackness fill the screen . CUT to : int . n.y.c . laboratory - 1995 day the compartment door slide OPEN revealing dr . kau , 30' , a asian doctor with a thick brooklyn accent . her face full of enthusiasm drop as she see the unconscious Leopold . dr . kau shit !! she turn to she co-worker , warning they . dr . kau shit !! she look back at Leopold . dr . kau shit !! her co-worker , dr . plodder , austere , authoritative , dr . drake , muddle and timid , peer inside the compartment door . dr . drake good God ! dr . plodder everybody stay calm ... lock the front door . Dr. drake and kau make a move to inspect a unconscious Leopold . dr . plodder no , no , no . you must not touch he . the consequence could be catastrophic . dr . kau he could be hurt , or even dead . dr . plodder ... all right . touch he . they approach Leopold . Dr. kau find carlson 's note pad on the ground next to Leopold . she read the last entry . dr . kau ... but I be stick and it 's only a dance and he be the seventh Duke of albany ... they all look at one another , then back at Leopold . dr . drake carlson ...! dr . plodder ( racing from the room ) give I a minute ... dr . kau shit ! int . lab - kate office - day katherine cole , a radiant workaholic , type frenetically into the computer while talk on the phone , try hard not to sound upset . kate who 's upset ? people fall in love , they have to climb back out . ( she laugh but she be not smile ) so , what ? we will just be friend now , right ? she stop type and listen for a while . she run she hand through she hair . kate I see . well I appreciate you honesty . ( use she middle finger she push up she glass ) no. I will just think of this as survive another dating accident . take care or good luck or whatever I be suppose to ... the line go dead . kate ...say ... Goodbye . Dr. plodder burst in . kate see he distress and instantly become very center . dr . plodder she 's back . kate ( rise ) that 's impossible ! she be not suppose to return until ... dr . plodder kate . it 's carlson . something go wrong . he hand she carlson 's note pad . slowly , she sit down . kate ... the 7th Duke ... int . lab - day kate ( all business , read from a printout ) ...of albany . he be the ... be the son of Emery and eliza . he be of no actual importance until he vanish at the turn of the century without a trace . it be a sensation . in the 30' they even make a movie about he . " the tenuous Duke " with Ronald coleman . dr . drake ( absently ) I love Ronald coleman . kate despite much speculation and a nation wide investigation , a body be never find . he be never hear from again . dr . kau until now . there be a stunne silence . they stare at Leopold in awe . dr . drake we have alter the course of history . dr . kau we never should have start this ... kate calm down . dr . plodder what be we go to do ? we can not keep he here . imagine if anyone find out ! kate think . just , think . rationally . now , no one would believe such a stupid mistake could be make because no one would believe any of this be possible . so . we fix this . we keep this to ourselves and we fix it . fast . they all nod in agreement . kate Dr. kau , research all we data . 1st priority : locate carlson . drake , determine the reciprocal correlation 's connect to the 19th century . work 24 hour a day if necessary . in the meantime ... one of we will have to take charge of he . she force back panic . only the tremor in she voice give she away . kate this be a major scientific opportunity . it do not get any better than this . imagine . researching the behavior , the physical and emotional characteristic of a century ago ! utilize technology available to we today ... he 's a gold mine ! dr . plodder he 's a man , kate . not a guinea pig . kate and while he 's here , he 's ours . any volunteer ? no one move . dr . drake we will draw name . whoever be be pick will be responsible . agreed ? they nod reluctantly . drake write out name and throw they in a cup . the silence become deafen . finally : dr . kau I will do it . all the scientist face she . dr . plodder you will look after he ? dr . kau no , I mean I will pick the name . she reach in . they wait with mount suspense . finally she turn to kate . the scientist follow she gaze . a beat . kate Fine . Leopold stir . he blink at the group . leopold where ...? what have happen ?! the doctor , catch off guard , smile benignly . they surround Leopold as a group , not know where to begin . finally : kate you Grace ... um ... hello ... weee aaare a smaaall part of a laaarge research team . a project fund by the government of the United States . leopold ( regard they appearance with distaste ) oh. Americans . I see ... kate yes , um ... for the past six and a half year we have be conduct scientific experiment on density and flexibility in the dimension of time and space . dr . drake yes , uh ... quite by accident we come upon a formula utilize tachyon ... particle travel faster than the speed of light , which allow we to ... fold time so to speak . dr . plodder yes . Bend it between the crack of the dimension . dr . kau yes . they all laugh nervously . Leopold do not . dr . drake now , while that be not the original purpose of we experiment , we opt to pursue it , well , privately , on we own . dr . kau borrow fund already provide . kate we journey to you time because it be the quick path to follow . we debate long and hard whether we should use this knowledge at all . believe I , it be never we intent to disturb the past ... dr . drake merely to discover if the expedition be possible . as you presence here confirm ... we be very disturb . Leopold nod at they as if they be insane . dr . plodder the problem face we be not only how to get you back , but when , you see ? kate we certainly do not want to miscalculate . send you to a different era entirely . Leopold start to speak . dr . plodder Rest assure , no harm will come to you . you will be well look after by Dr. cole . leopold Dr. cole ...? I do not follow . what do you mean , get I back home ?... where be I ? awkward pause . Leopold look carefully around the room for the first time : modern mechanical equipment , data shifting and change , giant cool device , bright neon lighting . the doctor be silent . leopold answer I !... ( slowly ) would you have I believe ... I be be detain , at present in the hereafter ?... the time to come ? dr . plodder ( carefully ) it be the year nineteen hundred and ninety - five . leopold ...19 ...? Leopold leap up . the doctor follow he around the room . leopold you be insane ! all of you ! this be impossible ! dr . plodder Leopold , calm down ! leopold a voyage through time ! what do you take I for ? do you bring I here by force ? dr . drake we be scientist , not seditionist . leopold ( truly panicked ) let I out of here ! I will not stand for this another moment ! he 's out the door . int . underground hallway - day Leopold move quickly , fearfully through the darkly light hallway , the doctor close behind . kate Leopold , wait ! dr . kau you do not know what you be do . dr . plodder just listen to what we have to say ! it be too late . Leopold throw open the door and run upstairs . ext . STREET - day blind sunlight . skyscraper . automobile . traffic light . Road construction . modern day pedestrian . helicopter . car alarm . Leopold stand freeze , overwhelm , take it all in . leopold 19 ...? the doctor reach he . he collapse to the ground . CUT to : int . car - day kate and Dr. kau talk quietly . Leopold , tightly hold onto he seat and the back door , gaze out the window in utter disbelief . kate squab . dr . kau squab ? kate I remember read they eat a lot of squab . dr . kau squab ... do you have a squab ? kate ( quietly . on the verge of panic ) I do not know ! dr . kau pull yourself together ! ( turn to Leopold ) be you all right back there ? Leopold , tremble , gape at the sight , every day sound , magnify . perspiration run down the side of he face . kate watch he in she rear view mirror . kate you be go to be fine you know . there 's nothing to worry about . I have everything under control . Dr. kau stare at kate in concerned silence . kate ( quietly to Dr. kau ) we will never get away with this . int . bedroom - the next morning Leopold awaken alone in he room . he sit up with a jolt . his stomach sink as he realize this be no dream . he slowly rise to he full stature , move to the window he look out on the modern day city , shaking he head in awe . he make he way to the bedroom door and tentatively touch the knob . there be a knock on the door . Leopold jump back and run to the bed : the picture of dignity . kate how be you feel ? ( no response ) I think you might like some tea . leopold I insist on be return home immediately . kate I understand . we be do we best . leopold I wish to speak with you employer , Dr. cole . kate you be speak to he . leopold you be not suggest that you be Dr. cole ? she smile . leopold miss ... uh ? kate Dr. cole . if you like , you could call I miss Dr. cole or if that 's too much , how about just plain kate ? leopold ( coldly ) a woman of science ? kate hard to believe ? leopold but a woman 's brain cannot obtain enough knowledge to poss a truly scientific mind . kate ( jotting this down ) interesting . nevertheless , we have come a long way baby . leopold ( confuse ) be you attempt to be humorous ? kate I be attempt to be informative it 's just come out humorous . Leopold regards she dubiously . kate ( clinically ) look , modern social science clearly state that a woman 's place in society mark the level of that civilization . a science career for a woman be now almost as acceptable as be a ... a... waitress . cream and sugar ? leopold Young lady , I ... surely it be not expect that I remain here with you indefinitely ... unchaperon ? kate ( pen poise ) do that make you nervous ? leopold certainly not ! kate ( write ) then what be you get so red about ? it 's a very large apartment ... with lock on all the door . leopold the idea ! my dear miss cole ... kate Dr. cole . leopold honey ... kate ( she put the pad down ) let 's get one thing straight right now . my name be kate or Katherine or if you insist Dr. coles. ( she rise ) take a good long look , Leopold . I be a 20th century american woman with a doctorate and a commission and independence . I be not you " young lady " or you " pretty miss " or you " honey . " be that clear ? Leopold watch she with great interest . finally : leopold honey ... for the tea . kate ... I will get it for you . kate grab the teacup grandly and leave the room . int . kitchen - morning kate rummages through every drawer , shelf and cupboard search for the honey . finally , she spot the honeybear and squeeze honey a tad to violently into the tea . she try pose " confidently " then check she reflection in the toaster . int . bedroom - morning kate return " confidently " with the tea and a plastic smile . leopold thank you ... have it be decide what it be I be to do while I be be hold here ? kate oh , just some laundry , the cooking , a little light housework ... Leopold do not react . kate ( clear she throat ) I take the liberty of prepare a simple schedule to efficiently utilize you time while incorporate you into my routine . ( she hand he a schedule ) as you can see , my day begin with meditation and yoga from 6:30 to 7:00 . she move in close to he , make Leopold uncomfortable . kate you will arise at 6:45 , shower and change and at 7:15 , we breakfast together . 7:45 we begin the day work . at 10:45 Dr. kau arrive to observe you in you natural routine as I research the data that will enable you to return home . at 1:15 we lunch together . 2:15 you answer a daily questionnaire , I type up my note . at precisely 6:15 you will enjoy 15 minute of free time , then , at 6:30 , I listen to Tom brokaw while make dinner as you write down any question that come up during you day . at 7:00 , we dine together . if you need I at any time you may ring this bell . she ring a tiny dinner bell . he be about to speak . kate now , monday and wednesday I have computer science class , tuesday I have therapy . if I have a date , I be usually home by 9:15 . during this period you may read any of the book I have pick out for you in you room . I organize my next day work at 10:30 , 11:35 , David letterman , 12:40 I be in bed . ( she take a breath , smile at he ) next day we begin again . simple ? leopold ( after a beat , with great dignity ) ... at what time shall I wee and pooh ? kate be force into a stunne silence . charlie' voice kate ? I be home . kate oh. yes . we chaperone be here . leopold you father ? kate sort of . my brother . leopold visit ? kate for the past two year . Charlie can never know about this project . we will tell he you be a ... overly distinguished colleague stay here as we guest . from Canada . which would explain you lack of familiarity with we custom and so forth leopold ( aghast ) a canadian ? kate make yourself comfortable . I will check in on you later . I think this be go very well , do not you ? Leopold look at she blankly . kate okay . if you need anything , just ring . kate tinkle the bell , fumble for the knob and head out . p.o.v. still on Leopold . kate ( v.o. ) ( shouting ) Charlie ! Leopold react . charlie ( v.o. ) ( scream just as loud ) what ? kate ( still shouting ) come here I wanna talk to you . Leopold listen at the door . he slowly open it , take two step out , peer around the corner , then quickly step back in . he take a deep frightened breath and slowly deflate . int . charlie' studio - morning Charlie sit on the couch smoking a cigarette surround by he painting . he be a likable twentystomething with a big mouth . charlie what do I do ? kate ( remove he coffee from the table , set it on a coaster ) ring ! and what do I say about you smoking in the house ? charlie you be against it . kate correct . you be back early . ( she take away he cigarette ) charlie hey !... be you all right ? you look funny . kate funny ha ha or funny odd ? charlie both . kate that all depend . how be you trip ? charlie why ? kate if it be good I will tell you the truth . if it be rotten I will have to butter you up first . charlie butter I up . kate have you be work out ? no , I be really start to see result . be you comfortable there on the couch ? charlie very . kate good . Cause you will be sleep there the next few night . charlie kate ! kate you have to be out of here by 8 and you can not be back before 6 . we have a important man work with we with very unusual need . the company be insist he stay here . charlie what about a hotel ? kate this man require around the clock attention . charlie I mean for I . kate thank you , Charlie . ( she kiss he forehead ) I owe you one . charlie you owe I nine . what be I suppose to do all day ? kate ( as if have a epiphany ) you could get a job ! charlie kate , the entire point of be a artist be that I do not have to work . who be this guy ? kate well , I can not tell you much because ... kate and charlie I be not allow to discuss what go on at the office . kate well I be not . anyway , it might be interesting to have someone else to talk to . it get so quiet around here sometimes I feel like I have go deaf . charlie do he have a label ? kate Leopold . charlie leopold ? be he anything like he name ? kate he 's exactly like he name . charlie then you owe I ten . int . live room - day Leopold peek around the entrance to the live room . confident it 's unoccupy , he majestically walk inside : up to date gadgetry , Charlie 's modern art work , bright fashionable furniture . Leopold recoil . his eye come to rest on the television set . the on off button loom large . he look around the room then brazenly press the button on . instantly , regis and kathy lee loudly berate each other before a excited crowd . Leopold jump back several foot , hand flail in front of he as if shooing away a bee . he quickly , yet cautiously , slam the power off . leopold horrible ! he quickly scurries out the hallway . he stop abruptly . he remain very still . compose himself , he turn and deliberately face the room . after a moment , he purposefully step back inside . he make a large arc around the television set , be confront by one of Charlie 's sculpture and make a arc around that . he find himself in front of a light switch and gingerly examine it . as he do , track lighting illuminate the room . he look at the light then back at the switch . he flick the light on and off , try to figure out the precise moment in the transfer of power , laugh in spite of himself . kate and Charlie enter . they watch Leopold flick the light , laugh like a madman . Charlie give kate a look . kate ( explain ) he 's from Canada ... int . dine room - night Leopold sit at the head of the table , kate and Charlie banish to either side . Leopold chew he dinner incessantly . leopold ( finally ) what be this ? kate it 's call hamburger helper . leopold it be beyond help . please serve the next course . he push he plate away . kate I be afraid there be no next course . if you make a list of the food you like , I will pick they up at the store for you . leopold be all food here this ... texture ? charlie mine 's good . leopold please understand , I be use to a different sort of preparation . where I come from a proper meal be the result of reflection and study . a recipe be merely a theme which a intelligent cook can plan each time with variation . Charlie give kate a look . leopold several course be serve . menus be often prepare day in advance , time to perfection . it be say , without the culinary art , the crudeness of reality would make life unbearable . charlie in Canada ? leopold ( after a beat . firmly ) in Canada . charlie we have a say here . " shake and shake the catsup bottle , none will come and then a lot will . " he pour catsup on he dinner . leopold how interesting . charlie since you be such a expert on fine cuisine , why do not you make dinner tomorrow night ? leopold it should be obvious to you that I be not a domestic . you may take my plate . charlie I have my own , thank you . kate Charlie ... charlie who die and make I cinderella ? leopold Young man , there be a distinct impertinence to you voice . charlie it 's part of my charm . leopold suppress it . kate ( change the subject ) Leopold ... since you be we guest here , there be several cultural event you might enjoy see . Charlie have season ticket to the ball game . perhaps you would like to take that in ? leopold what be it ? charlie what be it ?? kate or the Opera or the ballet ? charlie what be it ?? kate Charlie , there 's no rule that say everyone have to be interested in baseball . charlie no , but I believe there be a rule that say everyone have to have heard of it . leopold Dr. cole , you brother Charles attitude and demeanor be unacceptable . if I be to stay on here you must have a serious talk with he regard respect and civility . kate charle , could you help I with the dessert in the kitchen ? charlie in the kitchen ? kate in the kitchen . Excuse we . kate and Charlie leave . the camera remain on Leopold , sit alone , calmly sip he wine . voice over from the kitchen : charlie I do not believe this guy ! kate try to be nice to he . charlie I be always nice ! kate please Charlie , as a favor to I . charlie he give I the creep . Leopold react . he listen self - consciously . kate he 's different that 's all . charlie what be that crack about domestic ? kate Charlie , this be important to I . charlie you be not go out with he , be you ? kate eeuuu ! I may be desperate but I be not a lose cause . charlie kate , this be I . I have see the guy you bring home . kate I have do countless favor for you ! now I be ask for just one little thing ... charlie ( overlap ) oh , all right ! all right ! all right ! they emerge from the kitchen , beam . kate ( after a beat ) we forget the dessert . charlie you know , ... I do not know if I mention it ... but that be one fine look suit . int . kate bedroom - 6:30 A. M. Radio alarm clock -- 7:45 a.m. Louis armstrong begin to sing , " let 's call the Whole thing off . " dress in yoga clothes kate sit on she bed in the lotus position . she bang the go and close she eye . a bell ring . kate flinch but do not open she eye . kate ( too sweetly ) what be it , Leopold ? the bell ring louder , interrupt kate 's routine . kate ( eye close , scream like a fishwife ) what be it , leopold ?! Leopold 's bell ring with determination . kate be off the bed and out of the room . int . kitchen - morning kate enter and stop short . Leopold sit at the table ringing a bell . the dishwasher be open and spraying wildly , the blender have spread breakfast shake everywhere , water be boiling over on the stove , refrigerator , freezer , and every cupboard door be OPEN . garbage disposal run full blast . leopold ( calmly amidst the chaos ) I can not seem to find the tea ... close up : Leopold 's hand ring a bell with irritation . int . charlie' bedroom - evening Leopold , kate , and Charlie stand in front of Charlie 's open closet . Leopold select clothes from Charlie 's wardrobe . leopold no ... no ... no. good God , no !... perhaps ... he toss they aside carelessly as Charlie seethes . close up : Leopold ring he bell . int . hallway - early morning kate and Charlie form a line to the bathroom . kate check she schedule and bang on the door . kate Leopold , you time be up ! what 's he get , a girl in there ? int . bathroom - early morning Leopold luxuriate in the bathtub wear a " whitecap " marvel at the whirlpool and the instant hot water . he pick up a can of shave cream and inspect it in wonder . it sprays . close up : Leopold ring he bell . nothing happen . he discover the clapper have be steal . int . kate study - afternoon kate type , talk and research simultaneously . she look up and stop suddenly . Leopold appear wear many oddly assort layer of Charlie 's clothes , a bandanna bow tie , irish woolen cap , bicycle glove , aluminum baseball bat walk stick . he pose foppishly . leopold I should like to read about modern currency during my bath tonight . see that the tub and basin be scrubbed up . remnant remain of this afternoon shave . kate nod at he stupefy . due to the many layer of clothing , he imperiously leave the room walk as if wear skis . int . bedroom - night Leopold ring a big new cowbell . no one respond . int . charlie' workroom - night ( continuous ) he discover kate at she computer , Charlie read a book . each be wear a walkman . he stand in front of they and ring he cowbell furiously until they look up . int . study - day Leopold study he questionnaire , kate research victorian custom . they simultaneously look up and gaze at the other . a beat . embarrass , kate don she glass and Leopold shuffles papers . they look up again . then down . then get back to work . int . kate bedroom - night kate sit on she bed with she laptop watch David letterman . she glance up , laugh out loud . she look at the dark empty room . no one be there to share it with . close she computer , she hold she pillow close to she . she slowly move to the window and look out . int . leopold bedroom - night a text book with Leopold 's picture inside . Leopold read the brief summary of he life with heartbreaking astonishment . he move to the window and look out . ext . n.y.c . apartment build - night kate and Leopold gaze out of they window . the camera slowly pull back until they be swallow up by the city . int . kate study - afternoon kate scan she note as Leopold pace dully about the room . kate in we last session you intimated there be a symmetrical system regulate the social order of conformity span you era . I find this particularly intrigue if I can just find it in my note ... a fire engine race by . Leopold dash to the window then turn back , excited . leopold the fire brigade ! kate stare at he blankly . she munch rice cake and drink water from the bottle . a beat . she return to she note . leopold this be insufferable ! I refuse to be spy upon , skip over , or shuffle about any longer . I have yet to venture outside this cell . before I go mad a more suitable arrangement must be find . kate found it . leopold ( startle ) a resolution ? kate no I mean I find my note . leopold Dr. cole ! change be in order . kate I can hear you . leopold ( under control now ) miss cole , as we be to remain here together , there be certain condition I insist be meet and maintain . I no longer wish to be peepe at , mock ... kate I never ... leopold ( calmly ) or interrupt . jot this down . Breakfast at 12 . luncheon at 4 . diner at 8 . a horse should be make available from 1 to 3 . kate a horse ? in New York City ? leopold yes . also , I feel very strongly about you style of dress . I do not care for it . ( kate look up ) I can not believe it be the prevaile taste for woman to appear masculine and unkempt . if this be the fashion , have it alter . kate rise . leopold that be all for the present . he grandly hand she a napkin . leopold crumb , my dear ! kate ( infuriate ) thank you ! brush herself off , she head to the door . leopold Dr. cole . I have be acquainted with many woman in my time , yet I be compel to say that the modern woman be by far the least attractive I have ever encounter . kate ( rise to the occasion ) and I have a news flash of my own . Leopold wait . kate you sir , be no Ronald coleman ! she storm out . int . lab - early morning Dr. drake enter Dr. kau 's office with two pint of haagen daz . dr . drake chocolate peanut butter Cookie dough swirl or Peach ? dr . kau Peach . they dig in . dr . drake any luck ? dr . kau yea . lot of luck . all bad . no information exist detail what happen to carlson . I have be work for week and I be not any closer than when I begin ... how be you do ? dr . drake my cholesterol level be up 70 point . kate enter , exhaust , deposit a armful of papers on Dr. drake 's desk . kate have pencil tuck behind she ear , through she hair , and in she mouth . dr . drake thank you , kate ... how're you manage with Leopold ? kate fine. Fine ... why ? what do you hear ? dr . drake nothing . I be just ask . kate oh. well , it 's fine . he 's a delight . everything 's under control . dr . kau keep up the good work . ( after she 's go ) she seem a little scattered . do you think everything 's all right ? dr . drake Katherine cole be the most capable person we have on this project . if anyone can handle the delicacy of this situation , kate can . dr . kau so there 's nothing to worry about ? dr . drake absolutely not . int . charlie' studio - early evening kate gone ? gone where ?! ( Charlie shrug ) Charlie we have get to find he ! charlie ( work on a very stern portrait of kate at she computer ) be you crazy ? this be the first time all week my eye be not darting to the top of my socket every five minute . kate when do he leave ? charlie I do not know . a hour ago ? he say he want to take a walk . kate and you let he ?? he 's not allow to go outside ! charlie be he be punish ? kate we have get to find he ! you stay here in case he find he way back . and while you wait you would better pray he 's all right . if anything happen to he , anything at all , everything we have work for will have be destroy . she head out the door . Charlie follow . int . live room - early evening charlie kate , calm down . kate and you will be responsible . understand ? ( she grab she coat and purse ) charlie what 's the big deal ? who be this guy ? kate take a long pause . kate Leopold ... be not really from Canada . ext . kate apartment build - late afternoon peaceful . the sun set . pigeon rest on window sill . suddenly : charlie ( v.o. ) oh my GOD !!! the pigeon take flight . ext . central park - evening Leopold leave Central Park profoundly lose . look both way in the wrong direction , he cross the street . screeching brake , honking horn , furious shout with Leopold , horrify , catch in the middle . he make it across shaking and daze . a motorist pull along side of he . woman motorist you stupid fuck son of a bitch . next time I will hit ya . Fucking moron . Leopold gape , appal . a hansom carriage slowly tread into Central Park . Leopold watch until it disappear . int . kate GREEN a.m.c . pacer - night kate drive slowly , search for Leopold . Cars honk with mount anger . cabby what be ya wait for lady ? a invitation ? kate I be sorry ! I be sorry ! she continue search , try hard to remain calm . ext . time square - night huge building . neon light flash . garbage in bundle . calvin klein ad . in the center of it all , Leopold , jostle badly by the crowd , tipping he hat to all the lady . he enter a deli . int . deli - night Leopold , appal by the price search for money . he have none . leopold ( to the counter man ) $ 7.95 for a sandwich ? be that correct ? counter man you gotta problem with that ? leopold it seem rather pricey to I . counter man so do not buy one . leopold I sha not . counter man so sha not ! he move on . leopold yes , I ... I would be happy to sample one however I be afraid I have not the finance with I just now . if I could establish a credit with you , I will have someone come round with the fund tomorrow . counter man you will gladly pay I Tuesday for a hamburger today , be that it ? leopold ( a little confuse ) I believe so . yes . counter man get the fuck outta here . leopold I beg you pardon ? counter man get out . fuckin ' wimpys piss I off . leopold May I remind you , merchant , that I be the customer in this establishment and as such require you attention and the utmost respect . I do not accept this modern convention of desecrate one 's patron with such contemptuous disregard . yuppie woman you tell he . leopold need I add that without we patronage you would not own that unwash counter behind which you spew you filthy mouth ? counter man where do you get off ? you do not even have any money . leopold do not be irrelevant ... I be browsing . counter man not in my store you be not . he come out from behind the counter . he 's big . leopold ( very superior ) do you intend to physically escort I out ...? ext . STREET - night Leopold be throw out of the store and on to the street . leopold do you see what he do ? do you see that ? no one respond . Leopold be leave sprawle on the street . Thunder be hear . ext . n.y.c . - night gargoyle at New York City Library , the dakota , the bowery , alphabet City . ext . clairmount stable - 4 a.m. pour rain . Leopold stand in front of the stable beat and drench . a car drive by , screech to a stop , and hastily back up along side Leopold . kate Leopold ! Leopold , get in . Leopold stare at the car . kate run out , open the door and help he in . she dash back into the driver seat . int . car - 4 a.m. kate ( nearly in tear , try to dry he off ) Leopold ! oh , Leopold thank God you be all right . I do not think I would ever find you . you have we all so worried . oh , Leopold ! she hit he hard . kate do not you ever go out again without my permission , do you hear I ? I be frantic . you could have be kill a hundred time over . I never would have know . she rest she head on the steering wheel , exhaust . she pull herself together and look at he . kate Leopold , be you all right ? leopold ( look deep into she eye for the first time ) I wish to go home . kate okay . I will get you home in a jiffy . leopold ( badly shake ) no ... I wish to go home . kate gently observe Leopold who stare rigidly straight ahead . int . live room - night charlie ( on the phone ) I do not know . it 's just Leopold . like cher . or goofy . kate and Leopold walk in wet and exhaust . charlie never mind they just walk in . Jesus . you look horrible . kate Charlie , do not start . I have not be this angry at you since you get I into that pyramid thing last year . if you make a wisecrack I be go to burst into flame . charlie it be not a wisecrack . you do look horrible . kate I be too tired for this now . I will just save it up and kill you tomorrow . help Leopold out of he thing and let get he to bed . leopold I have something to say . to the both of you . I ... nothing be what it seem . after witness mere week of this age it be painfully apparent I be outside of my acquaintance ... I do not know how to proceed . I frankly ... be in need of assistance . I be sorry . I be not very good at this . in the event you have miss it , I be apologize . there be a long pause . charlie about time . ( he shake Leopold 's hand reluctantly ) welcome back . ( he leave ) kate do not mind he . his heart would be in the right place if he have a heart . surliness run in my family . leopold I understand . it practically race through mine . kate ( shocked ) Leopold , you make a joke . I mean one that 's not at my expense . that 's good . they look at each other just a second too long . leopold we would better get to bed ... that be ... kate yes ... I start work ... ( she look at she watch ) in three and a half hour . leopold oh , dear . they self - consciously head to they respective room . kate it 's fine . I be use to it . leopold you must not get too use to it . you will find life pass you by awfully quickly . kate be strike by he vulnerability for the first time and be move . she catch herself quickly however . leopold thank you for ... kate ( wave it away ) oh ! they stand at they bedroom door . leopold well , goodnight then . kate Leopold ?... I do not have a clear handle on this . perhaps I be wrong keep you confine to the apartment all this time . I do not know when you will be able return home ... tomorrow I will start prepare you for the outside world . and ... we will find you way back . I promise . Leopold smile , still shake . a beat . they slowly close the door to they respective room . int . hallway - bright sunny morning Leopold , dress for a outing knock on kate 's bedroom door . kate ( v.o. ) yes ? Leopold enter . kate stand in a slip calmly look at Leopold . Leopold immediately turn , face the door . leopold oh ! I beg you pardon . I , I , I , be merely ... I do not ... kate be there something you want , Leopold ? leopold I merely want to see ... that be , inquire , on you availability , for a outing ... my assimilation and so forth . kate yes , we have a lot of work ahead of we . I will be out in a minute . leopold yes , of course . splendid . he reach around behind he back and fumble for the knob . he finally find it and go out . kate smile . CUT to : ext . n.y.c . - day the Brooklyn Bridge , the Chrysler Building , rockefeller Center , 5th Avenue . ext . 5 th avenue - day kate and Leopold exit the gap . Leopold awkwardly wear hip gap casual clothes , a baseball cap on he head . leopold be you certain this be correct ? kate place the cap backwards on he head . she nod approvingly . kate certainly I be certain . Leopold watch himself in store window . he can 't comprehend it . kate lead he into barney 's . int . barney be - day Leopold stand before the mirror wear a classic dark suit . he look fantastic . a fact that be not lose on kate . leopold now really . be not this better ? kate nod back begrudgingly , she breath take away . ext . n.y.c . - day lincoln Center , Columbus Circle , gristede . int . gristede market - day kate select a shopping cart , begin to push it . leopold allow I . kate walk ahead . Leopold , maneuver a cart with a break wheel , have not the knack and bang into everyone and everything in the aisle . leopold sorry . oops ! careful there . so sorry . CUT to : close ups : Leopold scrutinize vegetable in can , cereal for kid , bottled water , instant soup , feminine hygiene supplies . CUT to : the check out line . as they grocery be be rung up , Leopold spot the Sun , a newspaper with the headline : woman see Satan in she microwave oven . Leopold eagerly show kate . leopold have you see today 's paper ? kate put it back . leopold but ... kate back ! Leopold read the paper totally enthralled . ext . STREET - day kate and Leopold walk down the street , a bag in each arm . Leopold eye kate suspiciously . leopold Dr. cole , why be it you be not marry ? kate woman be longer define by the man they be marry to , Leopold . I have a career . I have not find a man who fit in with that yet . leopold yet people still marry ? kate ( defensively ) I have hear of case . they continue to walk , Leopold noticeably study kate . finally : leopold I suspect there be something wrong with you . kate there 's nothing wrong with I ! leopold perhaps it be the way you present yourself . kate I do not know what you be talk about . leopold there be some sort of problem when a woman reach thirty and insist on remain single . kate you think I be thirty ?! leopold what ? kate do I look thirty to you ? leopold it be a arbitrary number . kate you choose it specifically oppose to a lower number . leopold I do not mean it . kate ... thirty ! leopold I apologize ... how old be you ? kate ( sharply ) I be thirty ! but you be the first person whoever tell I I look it ! leopold I be sorry . Leopold spot a formal dress in a store window . he take a good long look at kate , smile , then quickly walk inside . kate continue down the block . kate and it 's not that I insist on remain single . believe I . everyone dream of find somebody to share they life with . to give someone all the love they have be hoard since they be a kid . I be no different . but one have to be sensible . I have a career and a life that 's fill with ... she look around . Leopold be go . kate not again ... she start off down the street , stop , and enter roberta be , a upscale boutique . int . roberta be - day kate race in . Leopold talk with a saleslady . kate what do I have to do ? put a leash around you neck ? leopold ( to the saleslady ) she be the woman to whom I be refer . you see the problem ? saleslady ( give kate the once over ) yep . kate ( stare down at she clothes then back at the two of they ) what ?... what ? int . roberta be - day from behind the dress room door , kate shout to the other with irritation . kate this be ridiculous . I do not have time to ... ( she shriek ) do you know what this dress cost ? let 's get this over with . I be come out . nobody laugh . kate leave the dress room in a huff completely unaware that she be stunning . kate satisfied ? Leopold and the saleslady stare at she with pleasure . kate ... what ? she turn and look at herself in the mirror . Leopold stand behind she , pull back she hair , brushes away she bang . leopold you have a lovely face . even kate can not deny that she be lovely . she stare at herself for a long while . leopold ( quietly ) we will take the dress . they become aware of they close proximity . they nervously part . int . live room - late afternoon kate sit Leopold down on the sofa . she turn on the tv and hand he the remote control . leopold what be this ? kate the drug of the 20th century . she aim the remote at the tv , change channel . he 's spellbound . int . dine room - early evening dinner be serve . kate wait patiently for Leopold who sit on the sofa watch the tv . kate Leopold , you dinner 's get cold . leopold I be come . he do not move a muscle . int . live room - night kate and Leopold sit on the sofa eat they dinner and watch tv . on the screen , a looney tune . Leopold enjoy this especially . kate reach for the remote but Leopold grab it territorially , refuse to relinquish it . kate ( make note ) it 's a guy thing . int . live room - night Leopold asleep on the sofa still clutching the remote control . kate come in with a blanket and settles it over Leopold . she glance around the room , then slowly bend down close to capture a better look at he face . after a moment she catch herself , take herself in hand and sit down at she computer . she open she note and type . her finger slow down to a crawl and come to a stop . she look up at Leopold lose in think . she smile . reaching for a soda , she accidentally knock a picture to the floor . in a smashed frame , kate and carlson drunkenly mug for the camera . kate pale noticeably . she look from the picture to Leopold . slowly , she begin peck away at the key . she do not look up again . int . lab - late afternoon kate give Leopold a tour of the lab stop by Dr. drake area . Hidden behind chalk board , calculator paper , and several empty haagen daz container , Dr. drake search for solution . kate ... now within that astronomical structure , Dr. drake here be search for a pathway between you time and the present . he will find it too if he artery do not harden first . leopold astound . kate once that be discover , the search begin for the exact time and date travel will be possible . they move to Dr. kau 's area . leopold ( to Dr. kau ) how be you proceeding ? Dr. kau merely grunt . Leopold look at kate . kate do not take it personally . once Dr. kau start work , you just have to wait until she battery run down . we be all pretty much like that . they head into kate 's office . int . kate office - day kate gather she belonging , Leopold snoops at she note . leopold the complexity of this equation be astonish ? can you really comprehend all that ? kate ( simply . almost apologetically ) I be a genius . leopold you be quite exceptional Dr. cole . ( a beat ) that be to say , you all be . kate thank you . and may I say that sometimes , in dim light , you be not so bad yourself . they stand together , Leopold grin sheepishly . kate oh my God ! be that the time ? I be late . therapy . every Tuesday night . leopold May I accompany you ? kate you may not . leopold I be not certain I understand therapy . kate no one do . that 's why therapist can charge so much . as she gather she belonging , Leopold spot a very high heele red shoe in kate 's bag . leopold what exactly transpire during therapy ? kate Leopold . a gentleman do not ask that question . come on , we will get you home . leopold I be perfectly able to travel homeward myself . kate look at he skeptically . leopold really ! I have finance and we address . I shall take a cabbie . kate hesitates . leopold you be late . I insist . I be not a child . Dr. cole . kate all right . do not bite my head off . she shake she head and walk out the door . ext . n.y.c . STREET - late afternoon kate head down the stair of a subway station . a few foot behind , Leopold cautiously follow . int . subway station - rush hour kate wait in line at the turnstile . Leopold , a way back , grimace noticeably at the smell . kate head through . Leopold follow bang painfully into the bar . a nun hurriedly bump into he from behind . he try push the bar but it do not budge . he turn around to step out of line but it be already too long . he stand nose to nose with the nun . leopold I can not seem to ... nun ( impatiently ) oh , for heaven 's sake ... the nun deposit she token and squeezy they both through as the train arrive at a deafen pitch , startling Leopold . he spot kate enter the train and jump into the car in the nick of time . the train depart , Leopold press awkwardly against the glass . ext . n.y.c . STREET - early evening kate race from the subway station , enter the Arthur Murray dance Studio . Leopold , thoroughly dishevel , follow at a distance . int . dance studio - evening elderly Blue haire couple chat amongst themselves , man on the right , woman on the leave . kate , in dance clothes , out of breath , stumble in , make a b-line for the woman 's side . mrs . pincus I be worried . I think you be not go to make it . kate ( smile happily ) miss my lesson ? this be the only thing I have to look forward to all week . be that a new dress Mrs. pincus ? Mrs. pincus execute a fancy spin , proudly show off she purchase . across the room , mr . pincus beam in anticipation . a elderly , overly make up dance instructor enter . she clap she hand together loudly . instructor all right , kid . pair up ! the man slick back they hair . the woman straighten they gowns . kate stand to the side , self - consciously study the floor . the man take they place on the dance floor . they flick they hand twice , invite they woman to dance . cooly , elegantly , the woman approach they partner . after a while kate look up , relieved . she stand alone . ballroom music play . the couple effortlessly shift between step and turn . kate dance with a imaginary partner , stumbling , more than a beat behind , count , animated , a concentrate yearning look spread across she face . the instructor approach with a look of resignation . instructor do not think so much , Katie . feel the music . kate ( sweat ) I be ! instructor Dancing should not be work . it should be a vacation the body take from the mind . let the music wash over you . kate ( frustrated ) it be ! instructor repeat after I : I have get the muusic in I . kate I have get the muusic in I . instructor &amp ; kate ( overlap ) I have get the muusic in I ! instructor keep tell yourself that . kate do . her instructor shake she head and move away . across the room , through the window , Leopold watch , move . leopold be p.o.v . -- over the music , beyond the swirl couple , kate remain in the corner , dance with she imaginary partner , fight valiantly for the right step , mutter to herself , dance alone . int . lab - morning Dr. kau slam a large book on Dr. plodder 's desk startling he . dr . kau I have locate she . dr . plodder you do not ! be she all right ? dr . kau no . she 's really not . photograph of a sweatshop 1896 . the condition be appalling . position among the worker , Julia carlson , thin , rag , wear out , stare helplessly into the camera . dr . kau it be take a year after she arrive . look at she face ! we have to get she back . dr . plodder christine , this morning I speak with the head of funding . they be talk about cancel the project . dr . kau what ?! they can not do that ! dr . plodder there 's still time . nothing have happen yet that can not be undone . we will get she back . we will put this behind we and we will get she back . the doctor stare at the photograph . powerless . CUT to : int . charlie' studio - day Charlie and Leopold work at they easel . Leopold sigh heavily . charlie be there something on you mind ? there be a pause . leopold this be rather difficult for I . charlie ... uh huh ...? leopold I have be in the salon contemplate the reception I have receive by the various tradesman I have visit . I have determine I be lack the dexterity of modern intercourse . charlie of what ?? leopold Social skill . charlie oh . leopold I realize we association have be rather distant and I bear you no ill will . charlie you can imagine my relief . leopold the fact be ... I need help . charlie why not ask kate ? leopold I would appreciate the masculine point of view . charlie why not ask kate ?... that be a joke . Leopold look worried . Charlie put down he brush . charlie well ? let 's see ... I guess we could start by remove that great big stick from up you ... let 's start with you walk . leopold my walk ? charlie you do not walk right . ( gently ) you strut . leopold ( very defensive ) strut ? charlie strut strut strut . you walk into the bathroom it 's like I be watch a parade . walk across the room . leopold I will not . charlie I know you will not . you will strut . you ask for my help . trust I on this . as Leopold strut across the room Charlie shake he head and spontaneously begin to hum sousa 's star and stripe March . Leopold become more and more agitate . as the song crescendos : leopold that 's enough ! really ! you walk . Charlie hop up , casually walk around the room and begin to hum a more relaxed version of star and stripe . charlie ( between chorus ) see ? easy . relaxed . you try . Leopold begin hum the more casual version of the song and mimic Charlie . charlie that 's better . now , try to enjoy you walk . it 's a beautiful day . the sun be shine , the peasant be sing . int . live room - day voice over : Charlie and Leopold joyously sing the star and stripe . as the song build : Charlie enter lead Leopold throughout the room . Leopold match Charlie exactly step by step so tightly they appear to be one person march happily about . CUT to : ext . n.y.c . - day Chinatown , Little Italy , chess in Washington Square Park . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day Leopold and Charlie explore the city . Leopold work diligently on he walk . a beautiful woman walk by in a revealing outfit . Charlie catch Leopold watch she and smile broadly . charlie interesting ? Leopold , catch leer , turn away sheepishly and smile . Charlie pat Leopold on the back . stop . pat he back again . charlie what the hell be that ? leopold what ? charlie Leopold , be you wear a corset ? leopold naturally . crack up , Charlie good - naturedly put a arm around Leopold 's shoulder . Leopold attempt the same pull away . int . blockbuster record - night with a headset on , Charlie listen to music . Leopold watch . charlie what would ya say be the name of this number ? leopold tchaikovsky . waltz of the Flowers . charlie ( deadpan ) pretty . Charlie stop the music and place a headset over Leopold 's ear . Leopold watch calmly . Charlie select a song . instantly , Leopold 's shoulder rise up to he ear . his mouth open wide . charlie megadeath . High speed dirt . after a bit , Charlie turn the music off . Leopold 's shoulder go down but he mouth stay wide open . astonish . ext . central park - day Charlie and Leopold walk through the park . a rubber softball hit Leopold squarely on the head . leopold what in the world ...? a couple race over . the man be black . the woman be white . they child , elizabeth , 7 , follow wide eye and apprehensive . man sorry ! we be so sorry . be you hurt ? woman she 's another Babe Ruth . we have no idea . be you okay ? Leopold regards they curiously . woman what do you have to say for yourself , Elizabeth ? elizabeth I be sorry ! Leopold stare hard at the modern familial scene . he do not speak . after a long moment : leopold be this you child ? man yes . Charlie brace for the worst . the little girl stare at Leopold . leopold I see . woman c'mon honey , let go . elizabeth I want my ball . leopold just a moment ! ( bend down to Elizabeth , firmly ) pick a hand . she pick he right hand . nothing . she pick he leave . nothing . Leopold look surprised then pull the ball from he ear . she take the ball and smile at he . leopold my mother 's name be Elizabeth . ( then to she parent ) she 's a beautiful child . you be very lucky . man what do you say , Elizabeth ? Elizabeth make a embarrassed face . man thank you . Charlie and Leopold continue through the park , Leopold lose in think . Charlie watch he in surprise . they walk on . int . dine room - night Leopold talk animatedly . on the table -- pumpkin pie , pizza pie , and pot pie . leopold I understand pumpkin pie , pizza pie , and pot pie . but I wish someone would explain eskimo pie . he eat a large spoonful of pudding . kate and Charlie exchange a worried look . leopold you smoke camel 's , you wear Old spice , and you drink Mountains Dew . it 's revolting . ( to kate ) the pudding tonight be excellent . another thing I have notice , everyone be in a great rush today . instant oatmeal , instant coffee , speed stick , Minute maid . you will find there 's much to be say for moderation and languor . he eat another spoonful . leopold mmmm . be it tapioca ? kate it 's margarine . leopold ( take the spoon out of he mouth ) it 's marvelous . charlie well , I be off . kate I too . work to do . where be you go ? charlie I be meeting everyone over at caffeine . it 's this coffee house we go to . kate say hello to Dennis for I . leopold who be that ? charlie Dennis be this really good look friend of mine who do not know kate 's alive because she do not know how to flirt . kate as a rule I do not like to associate with really good look people . it make I feel really ... I do not know ... smart . but Dennis be a nice guy . charlie and he always pick up the check . leopold sound enjoyable . I shall join you . charlie what ? kate that 's a wonderful idea ! Leopold mention how he want to meet ... people of quality be it ? charlie ahhhhh ? leopold if you would rather I do not go ... kate nonsense ! Charlie , you do not want to hurt Leopold 's feeling . he 's go to think you do not want he to go . charlie oh it 's not that . it 's just that it 's sort of a vulgar crowd , be all . I be not sure you would have such a good time . leopold a little ribald humor ? I be not as big a stick in the mud as you might think ! I would enjoy a gay night out , kick up my heel . there be a awkward pause . Leopold be so enthusiastic and sincere that despite a feel of disaster Charlie relent . charlie finish off you parquet and we will go . Charlie give kate a look of death as we : CUT to : ext . caffeine - night Charlie and Leopold approach caffeine , a trendy coffee house . Charlie look in the window . charlie there they all be . now one more thing . throw the word " like " and " you know " into a sentence whenever possible . it 's how people talk today . leopold proper speech do not cease to exist simply because it be ignore . charlie please ? leopold Charles , you need not fret . I have the walk down pat . I will not give myself away . like . charlie ( look in the window ) oh shit ! ( correct himself ) shoot . leopold what be it ? charlie patrice . see that girl ? the blonde one ? she 's so inconceivably hot . int . caffeine - night patrice , a tall blonde sit at a large round table , talk . she be very beautiful . ext . caffeine - night leopold she 's very pretty . charlie she 's mine . leopold congratulation . charlie ok not exactly mine . but I see she first . leopold I understand . charlie okay . I guess we should go in . I do not suppose we could tell everyone you do not speak English ? leopold of course not . let 's go inside . Leopold walk he casual walk inside , follow by a very reluctant Charlie . int . caffeine - night Charlie 's friend be sit at a table talk . they be a relaxed and friendly group . Charlie and Leopold approach . all ( ad lib greeting ) Charlie ! where have you be ? etc . charlie hi . uh everyone , this be my friend , Leo . bill hey . leopold hey . dennis waz up ? leopold waz up ? patrice how be ya ? leopold how be ya ? charlie ( after a beat ) Leo 's stay with we for a while . Charlie pull out a chair for Leopold but Leopold sit next to patrice instead . patrice take out she cigarettes . leopold May I ? patrice help yourself . Leopold take a cigarette , light one for patrice , then he own . leopold thank you , my dear . charlie ( at a loss ) um ?... ( all look at Charlie ) ... I have nothing to say . leopold you do not tell the truth about patrice , Charles . dennis and bill charle ?? charlie what do I tell you , leo ? leopold he inform I you be inconceivably hot , but I think you be lovely . exceptionally lovely . patrice thank you , Leo . charlie ( to the waitress ) check please . int . subway - night the subway car be inhabit solely by Leopold , Charlie , and the oldest ukrainian woman in New York City . despite the fact that the train be empty , they be all seat on the same bench . Charlie stare straight ahead refuse to even look at Leopold . the ukrainian woman hang on every word . charlie just drop it Leopold . leopold but Charles , it be so ridiculous . I be not interested in she . charlie hah ! leopold in any case the problem be not with I but with you . ( quietly ) you have no idea what it take to go about court a woman . from what I have witness tonight , it be symptomatic of you entire generation . charlie ( almost speechless ) you be some piece of work , Leopold . leopold now I do not wish to get personal ... Charlie burst into ironic laughter and look at the old woman . she roll she eye . leopold but you have be of great assistance to I and I feel this be one area where I can be of some real help . charlie I be fascinate . go on . leopold now , why be I successful with this young lady and why do you so miserably fail ? charlie what make you think she like you ? leopold well she give I the number of she telephone and I assume it mean ... charlie go on . leopold as I see it , the girl have not a inkling of you intention . and it 's no wonder . you , Charles , be a merry Andrew . charlie a what ? leopold a merry Andrew . charlie I be not !! leopold everything play like a farce to you . the more wit , the less courage . I believe the modern woman desire passion , protection , sensitivity . no woman want to be romance by a buffoon . ( the old woman shake she head ) banter and repartee be fine but you must add to that a different sort of playfulness . charlie you think I should pounce ? leopold I be say you must treat she with respect . any oaf can attempt a crude pass . a woman of kate 's stature would never respond to a artificial tactic . charlie kate ? leopold what ? charlie you say kate . leopold I do not . charlie yes you do . do not he say kate ? the old woman nod . leopold we be discuss you problem . charlie not anymore . you like my sister . leopold Charles ... charlie she have trouble with man , you know . leopold perhaps she have not meet the right one . charlie she have meet the right one . hundred of time . but she pull back . she cut herself off . you turn around and suddenly you be dating a sphinx . leopold one never can tell . charlie do kate know how you feel ? leopold no ... charlie have you make you intention know to she ? leopold no ... charlie who 's the merry Andrew now ?! I think you be all talk and no action . what be you wait for ? leopold I do not know if there be a future in it . charlie well Leopold , no one ever do ... CUT to : int . leopold bedroom - night kate enter with a arm load of Leopold 's discard clothes . she drop they on he bed and begin to hang they in he closet . a notebook fall from he pants pocket . she put it on the bureau . a beat . she quickly pick it up , sit on the edge of the bed and start to read . kate ( read out loud ) Royal family -- uncouth . make out -- slow soulful kissing ... woman as equal ?? she flip a page . kate who drive the chevy to the levy and why be it dry ? kate smile . she flip the page . kate eye shine when she talk about ... science . raise she voice when she know she 's wrong . bossy , bossy , bossy . lose my train of think when I see she smile . most beautiful when she 's angry . honorable heart ... peasant foot . the front door be hear slamm . kate , alarmed , stuff the notebook back in Leopold 's pocket . she race to the door ; glance back at the notebook , turn off the light and scurries from the room . int . hallway - later that night the corridor be darkly light . kate leave the bathroom as Leopold enter . they collide and separate but remain close together . both be dress in pajamas and speak softly . kate ooops . bread and butter . leopold what 's that ? kate bread and butter . it 's a old say ... well not to you I guess . you say it when you pass someone in a cramped space . as close as bread and butter . leopold I see . kate so. do you have a good time last night ? leopold it be very interesting . kate do you find that person of quality ? Leopold look at she a moment . leopold yes . I do . kate well ... fine . ( there be a pause ) I guess it 's time to turn in . leopold yes . kate goodnight . she reach she door . Leopold stop she . leopold kate ? she turn . Leopold grasp for the word but the habit of inaction return . leopold goodnight . ( he slowly close the door ) int . patrice's apartment build - day Charlie stand at patrice 's door with a large painting . he look over at Leopold hide the next doorway over . Charlie knock . she open the door . charlie hi . I bring you some flower . he hand she the flower fill painting . patrice Charlie ! charlie miss wochuchowski ? I be wonder if you would do I the great honor of accompany I to the cinema tonight . and allow I the privilege of escort you to dinner afterwards . patrice shyly study the painting . patrice it 's beautiful . Charlie quickly look at Leopold pleadingly . he really do not want to say this next part . Leopold , however , be adamant . charlie ( deadpan ) grace I with you conversation and company would mean the world to I . there be a long pause . patrice watch Charlie in disbelief . patrice um ... 7:00 ? charlie 7:00 be fine . I will call for you then . they smile at each other for a long moment . leopold ( silently mouth ) Goodbye . charlie Goodbye . ( she close the door ) it work ! leopold of course it do . charlie Leopold , I ... I be ... I have no idea what to do next ! leopold Charles . leave everything to I . charlie not so fast , buddy . you be next . int . live room - day kate be by the bookshelf gather reference book on time and space . Leopold enter . he be suddenly embarrassed and do not know how to proceed . leopold good morning . kate good morning . you be up early . she move to she computer on the other side of the room . Leopold follow . before she can sit down , Leopold pull out she chair . she fall to the ground . he rush to she side immediately . leopold I be terribly sorry !! kate happens all the time ... she open a reference book and slowly begin type at she computer . there be a pause . leopold Dr. cole ?... ah , kate ? I be wonder ... she stop work and look at Leopold . leopold what it be you be work on . kate oh . it 's my computer . she resume she work . leopold I see . actually I mean the work itself . kate I be research the correlation between you time and the present . Leopold stare blankly . kate I be try to get you home , Leopold . leopold oh . Charlie peak in , signal Leopold , spurring he on . leopold I have never see a woman work as diligently and extensively before . kate it 's make I the man I be today . leopold it 's quite a beautiful day , have you notice ? perhaps you would permit yourself some time off and grant I the privilege of escort you around the city this fine spring afternoon . kate oh , I would love to but I can not . I have get too much work to do . ask Charlie though . he will go with you . leopold I be afraid it really would not be the same . it be you company I be seek . surprise , kate turn around and look at Leopold . kate ( gently ) oh , Leopold . I be so sorry . I can not . leopold I see . some other time then . kate yes ... thank you . Leopold sit at the far end of the room . kate take a moment then resume type . she stop and sit back in she chair . after a long moment , she subtly unplug the computer with she foot and start bang on the top of it . kate oh for cry out loud . would you look at this ? Leopold ? the computer 's on the blink again . ( she bang harder ) cheap piece of equipment . I can not ... leopold maybe if you ... kate no , no , it do this all the time . just have to wait it out . leopold I see . kate darn . leopold ... perhaps it be a sign ? kate oh , you think ? ( she smile at Leopold ) ext . central park - day Leopold trot he horse expertly along the horse path . kate follow , clutching the horse neck , bounce like a clown . kate I ... I must have get a funny horse ... Leopold turn and ride around kate . leopold allow I . ext . central park - day Bethesda fountain . boat on Central Park Lake . couple in sheep meadow . holding the rein of kate 's horse in one hand , Leopold grasp kate 's waist with the other as they ride a single horse through the greenery of Central Park . ext . movie theatre - the thalia - day a revival house . on the marquee : " the tenuous Duke " star Ronald coleman . int . movie theater - day kate and Leopold eat popcorn , milk dud , m &amp ; m 's , and large drink . the light go down and the movie begin . the enormity of the medium strike Leopold at once . he involuntarily lean back in he chair grab kate 's shoulder , watch attentively . after a bit : leopold be that suppose to be my hair ? do you see how they think my hair look ? kate look over at Leopold and nod . through he eye , she too experience movie for the first time . she move close to he . ext . n.y.c . - day grammercy Park , the guggenheim Museum , Central Park Plaza , the Metropolitan Museum . ext . metropolitan museum - day kate and Leopold bound up the step , enter the museum . int . museum - day modern art exhibit . Leopold stare blankly at a empty white canvas . he turn to kate questioningly . kate that 's simplicity in it 's purest form . it speak volume in it 's nothingness . whiteness represent emptiness . hopelessness . it 's bleak . bleak ! Leopold eye the painting skeptically . they move to the next object d'art . a toilet . leopold aaand this represent ...? they burst into giddy laughter . kate absolutely nothing . they round the corner , move to the next room . Leopold 's smile fade . close up : a painting of privileged victorian society . shaken , he gaze at a painting in a dream - like state . leopold ( very quietly ) I would almost forget how beautiful it be . truly . beautiful . kate smile sadly at Leopold . they slowly walk out . int . live room - night we hear key in the lock and laughter outside as kate and Leopold enter . leopold ( laugh ) m &amp ; m's , CBS , FBI . kate VIP , vhs , vcr . they collapse on the couch . leopold ah , JFK , pdq , xyz . kate I do not know . k.d. lang . leopold I do not know how you keep up with it . I be exhaust . kate so be i. leopold I will tell you what . why do not I prepare dinner tomorrow night ? I never have before . I mean even before I hit town . " hit town " how 's that ? I can not imagine what it will taste like , but I do not think it will be any worse than you cooking . kate Leopold , I have a date tomorrow night . leopold I see . kate a blind date . leopold oh , I be so sorry . kate no , that just mean I have not meet he before . it be set up through friend . leopold ah ! kate a hazard of single life ... I be turn in . kate get up . Leopold automatically stand . leopold another time then . kate I be sorry . leopold it 's quite all right . as she get to the door , she stop . kate Leopold ? I have a wonderful time today . I can not remember the last time I take the day off and just play . I would forget how beautiful this city can be ... I want to thank you for that . leopold the pleasure be mine . kate smile at Leopold and go out . int . live room - night Charlie , in a tie , be stand with Leopold at the dining room table . kate wear too much makeup for she date , run into the bathroom in a bright red dress . charlie it 's a very fancy restaurant , Leopold . be you sure you can teach I everything there be to know ? kate ( from the bathroom ) just do not swipe the silverware and give yourself away . charlie nobody 's talk to you . leopold it be very simple . I will be you date . just behave as you normally would and I will correct you along the way . now , escort I in . Charlie and Leopold move across the room . after a beat , Charlie magnanimously gesture for Leopold to go first . Leopold give he approval . kate rush out of the bathroom in a tight black dress . Leopold and Charlie elegantly walk to the table . Charlie sit down , pleased . Leopold remain stand , incense . charlie now what ? Leopold take a cloth napkin , hit Charlie upside the head . hard . leopold pull the chair for a lady ! clod . kate ( v.o. ) no name call . leopold ( to kate ) well , really ! Charlie stand up and pull out the chair . as Leopold sit , Charlie push the chair in to hard . leopold you be not shoveling coal into a furnace , Charles . glide the chair in gently . gently . try it again . Charlie gently glide Leopold to the table . he remain stand , not sure what to do next . leopold well , sit down ! charlie now do not burst a vein or anything , but there be quite a few knife and fork here . how do I know what each one 's for ? leopold merely start from the outside and work you way in . charlie what kind of beer should I order ? leopold beer ! charlie I be kidding ! kate how do I look ? Leopold and Charlie stand . kate pose in the gown pick out by Leopold . Leopold smile brightly . leopold you look exquisite , Katherine . kate ( almost sadly ) thank you , Leopold . she look at Leopold not know what to say . finally charlie this be a tie I be wear . kate you look very nice , Charlie . charlie yes . I know . the doorbell ring . kate that must be he . leopold you bland date ? kate blind date . charlie remember to breathe , kate . and do not use to many big word . you will scare the poor slob away . kate ( move to the door ) this be always the scary part . ( she sing ) " open the door to my , mystery date . " she open the door and look straight up . Leopold and Charlie peer in closer to get a better look . in the doorway stand larry , great look , very tall , a winner . larry hi. kate ? kate Larry ? kate turn back to the other with a freeze smile . kate well , I be off . leopold ( give Larry the once over ) kate , may I have a word with you ? kate now ? leopold yes. ( as they cross the room ) I don 't like the look of he . kate what be you talk about ? leopold cad . I can spot one a mile away . ( he help she with she coat ) I shall escort you out myself . I will act as you chaperone . kate that be not necessary . I will be fine . leopold it be no trouble . kate goodnight , Leopold . leopold but ... kate goodnight . she be go . Leopold stare after she , deject . int . sport bar - night kate and Larry be lead to they table . Larry sit down . kate remain stand . larry ( friendly ) sit down . kate ( sigh ) thank you . ( she sit ) larry so. how be I do ? kate I beg you pardon ? larry how be I do ? first date . you pleased ? you disappointed ? kate undecide . larry I see . he snap he finger to get the waiter attention startling kate . she laugh nervously . larry so. what do jeannie say about I ? kate about you ? ah , she say you be tall . larry 6'3 . kate and nice look . larry thank you . kate thank she . and that you persevere ardently on Wall Street . larry well , I work there ... kate ( after a beat ) that must be very interesting . larry ( laugh ) you have obviously never work on Wall Street . kate ( laugh along for the hell of it ) no . they laughter subside . after a beat : larry what else do jeannie say about I ? int . the four season - night the maitre d' of this very fancy restaurant show Charlie and patrice to they seat . Charlie motion patrice to go first just as Leopold have instruct . the maitre de pull out patrice 's chair . Charlie give he a look to back off . Charlie effortlessly glide patrice to the table and take he seat . patrice have I tell you how much I like you painting ? charlie ( beam ) twice . patrice if you get tired of hearing about it , let I know . I have to admit I be sort of surprised when you call . I do not think you like I , Charlie . charlie when I first see you , I think ... ( he make he jaw drop down to the floor ) patrice what do you think now ? Charlie smile and place she hand over he heart . then he make he jaw drop again . patrice laugh happily . int . sport bar - night kate and Larry be eat they dinner . kate aaand that 's about all jeannie say . what do jeannie say about I ? larry ( smile ) she say you be enormously sexy , have a great body , but you do not put out . kate quite a compelling portrait . larry ( turn on the charm ) would you say it 's a accurate portrait ? kate ( lean into Larry ) a masterpiece . int . live room - night Leopold slowly carry a dinner tray to the dinning room table . he move to the window and look out . after a while he pour a glass of wine . int . sport bar - night as they eat they dinner Larry drone on . larry so this guy want to invest $ 50,000 in a stock that 's no good . here 's what I do ... kate stare absentmindedly at Larry , she mind somewhere else . she look down at the fork in she hand . she switch to the proper one , reflect on Leopold 's etiquette . she notice she napkin lie flat on the table . she reach for it . int . live room - night Leopold unfold he napkin and put it on he lap . he begin to eat he dinner . slowly . elegantly . alone . int . sport bar - night kate place the napkin on she lap . she stare at it a long while . finally she look up at Larry . extreme close up of larry larry I be tell you the guy be a dick ! a total asshole ! kate ( jarre awake ) who ? larry Jeff Murray . the guy I have be talk about . hello ? kate ( realize she feeling for Leopold , smile radiantly at Larry ) Goodbye . then as she leave , a parting shot . kate do not get up . int . live room - night sound of key in the lock , then kate burst through the door . kate Leopold ? the live room be dark and empty . she go through the live room , past the hallway , into the bedroom . kate Leopold ? his bedroom be empty . he be not there . kate oh , Leopold ... she run into Charlie 's studio and stop short . next to Charlie 's stern painting , Leopold 's portrait of kate shine in the moonlight . she wear a antique dress . she be lovely . kate see herself as Leopold see she and be touch . she turn and collide head on with Leopold . kate oh ! leopold bread and butter . he be wear glove and a apron . he rub he bruise head , inadvertently leave a trail of sud along he face . leopold you be back early . do you enjoy you date ? kate ( happily ) no. she move in close , try to remove the soap from he face . kate here , you have get some ... he wipe he face make it much worse . leopold be it go ? kate ( laugh ) no . she use the apron to wipe away the soap . they gaze at each other and become serious . kate ( softly ) a funny thing happen to I on my bland date this evening , Leopold . I really can not explain it . this puffed - up , puritanical , blunder , greenhorn keep pop into my mind all night long at the most inopportune time . I could not get rid of he . leopold how inconsiderate . kate yeah , it be . the harder I try , the more persistent he become . he 's conceit and inflate and unseason and it do not seem to matter ... he 's 134 year old but I can not get he out of my head . leopold be he there right now ? kate right here . larger than life . leopold I will protect you ... they kiss . a long romantic passionate kiss . leopold Dr. cole , would you grant I license to dine with you tomorrow evening at eight o'clock ? kate permission grant . leopold until tomorrow , then . they separate . a beat . Leopold gesture for kate to go first . they head down the hallway together into they separate room . int . live room - night the table clock chime eight time . Leopold enter from the kitchen dress perfectly in the most up to date style . he carry a casserole dish . a second later kate enter from the hallway . she be wear a old fashioned , antique dress . she look lovely . leopold ( a little startle ) you look beautiful . kate you do . what have you get there ? Leopold open the casserole dish . kate hamburger helper ! leopold I know you like it . kate smile . she look behind he into the kitchen . a colossal mess . Leopold light the candle and pull out she chair . this time she 's prepare . he slide she chair to the table . int . live room , later that night the candle have burn down , casting a romantic glow throughout the apartment . Louis armstrong 's " what a wonderful World " play . kate and Leopold sit on the couch sip wine . leopold tell I more . kate um , where be I ? so after my father die I have to go to work . leopold have you have many job ? kate many . I get fire from all of they . I be the most unskill person I know . but they be just survival job while I be still in school . I always know I want to go into science like my father . and I do . leopold do you miss he ? kate I think about he every day . he be courtly , just like you . leopold I think you be a remarkable woman Katherine cole . kate you just do not get out much . you would be surprised how remarkable I be not . leopold no , it be you who would be surprised . they kiss . anxiously they stare into each other 's eye . they kiss again . slowly , kate lead he to she bedroom door . they look at each other , decide . deliberately , cautiously , kate open the door . leopold kate ... kate put she finger over Leopold 's lip . gently she lead he inside . they slowly embrace as the door close . int . bedroom - the next morning sunlight flood the room . clothes be scattered about . two figure lie curl up together sleep in bed . one of the figure roll around . the cover be pull back revealing : charlie good morning . patrice Morning . they kiss . CUT to : int . live room - morning Leopold wear a bathrobe be pour coffee . the table be set for a huge breakfast . kate also in a robe enter from the hallway . there be a moment of awkwardness as they see each other for the first time . kate Morning . leopold good morning . they kiss shyly . kate notice the feast . kate look what you have do ! leopold it 's nothing . kate nothing ? my own mother never make I a breakfast like this . leopold I will have to have a talk with she . kate Leopold ... leopold kate ... kate about last night ... leopold please sit down . he pull out a chair for she and kneel beside she . leopold kate , I have never before be a considerate man . I have , with astonish complacency , squander my life , wait for some incentive to force I into action . you have make I see how rare we time here really be . I be most beholden to you kate . and always will be . kate I sense the word " but " enter into this any minute now . Leopold take she hand in he . she look at he defensively , brace for worst . leopold do I the honor Katherine , of become my wife . kate let out a very girlish , high pitch scream leopold shall I take that as a " yes " ? kate Leopold ! do you just ask I to marry you ? leopold I love you , kate . kate that 's entirely beside the point ... you be move way too fast here . should not we date first ? I mean it 's obvious the first one go well ... leopold where I come from that 's pretty much the way it work . kate Leopold , even though last night we ... love each other , that do not mean this morning we be engage . it just do not work that way now . leopold ( take a ring off he finger and place it on hers ) I have love you since I first set eye on you . I can not imagine my life without you beside I . I want to marry you , kate and make a honest woman of you . kate oh Leopold , sit down . they switch place . Leopold sit and kate kneel beside he . kate Relationships this day be much more complicated than that . woman today have certain freedom that man have be take advantage of for century . you must have be aware of that . if you think about it clearly , it should be obvious to you that marriage between we be out of the question . leopold do you not love I kate ? kate ( almost inaudible ) do not ever think that ... leopold then consider my proposal . kate I will think it over but I can tell you now the answer be ... he kiss she . it 's impressive . kate ( out of breath ) possibly . leopold ( a know smile ) I need you beside I . I will not give up easily . kate ( smile ) do what you have to do ... Charlie enter . kate and Leopold become extremely selfconscious . charlie Morning . leopold and kate ( too casual and too chipper ) Morning ! Charlie be immediately aware that something be not quite right . he study the two of they and nonchalant sit at the table . kate and Leopold serve themselves breakfast . leopold ( to kate ) coffee ? kate nod . as Leopold pour , they look at each other shyly . charlie ( after a pause ) I would like some coffee . kate of course . say when . she pour Charlie 's coffee until it overflow . charlie ( deadpan ) when . kate sorry . as kate wipe up the table , Charlie notice she ring . he eye Leopold suspiciously . Leopold concentrate on he plate . Charlie give kate a question glance . she smile at he , look both innocent and guilty at the same time . after a beat : charlie uh huh . all smile privately and sip they coffee without another word . CUT to : int . lab - night buried behind open book and crumpled up paper , kate labor in earnest . she stop suddenly , almost violently , and study the note in front of she . the coffee cup fall from she hand and break . dr . kay ( call from she office ) kate , be you all right ? kate Fine ! I be fine . she cover she papers and self consciously clean up she mess . she sit down slowly and peek at she note . she have solved the puzzle that will send Leopold back . she look up in disbelief and glance through she window around the lab . everyone be hard at work . helplessly , she stare back at the paper on she desk . she pull open she drawer and take out the picture of carlson . she stare at it for a long time . she open she mouth to call for the other , stop , and look at the photo . slowly , with great indecision , kate crumple up the paper . she return the picture to the drawer . after a long moment , she open a book , feign research , she mind a million mile away . int . kate bedroom - night Leopold and kate sit on she bed watch David letter . kate clutches she pillow close to she . she look over at Leopold concentrate on the tv with furrow brow . she smile sadly . she take she pillow and fling it off she bed . she snuggle up to Leopold . they watch tv. together . ext . n.y.c . - day Central Park in full bloom , botanical garden , the frock Museum . int . restaurant - day Leopold and kate eat lunch . Leopold scan a newspaper . on the tv over the bar , Bob dole be speak out against gun control . leopold Public office be apparently still the last refuge for the incompetent . show I a man who do not want he gun register and I will show you a man who should not own a gun . what be a pee-pee girl ? kate what be you read ? leopold the Village Voice . after much consideration , I have decide it be time I join the work force . kate as a pee-pee girl ? leopold perhaps not that , but I be determine to acquire honest employment . kate Leopold , I do not know if that 's such a good idea . leopold kate , my life back home be beneficial to no one . I want my new life to have value . I will not make the same mistake twice . kate you have to be patient . leopold I could conceivably wait my whole life away . kate you be awfully cute when you get causey . leopold I will not waste any more time . I must make a difference . int . bloomingdale - day customer fill the aisle . in the center of it all , Leopold be hard at work . he hold a bottle of perfume . leopold try we fragrance ? would you like to try we new fragrance today ? rich customer what be it ? leopold it be call , poison . he squirt some at she . rich customer oh ! I do not think so . have you get passion ? leopold I beg you pardon ? rich customer Elizabeth Taylor 's Passion ? leopold next aisle over . she leave . Leopold look after she . leopold ( after a beat ) give you mother - in - law what she really deserve this season . give she some poison . int . kate laboratory office - morning the doctor enter kate 's office and close the door . kate hi. ( the doctor remain silent ) what 's the matter ? there be a long pause . slowly kate realize the doctor be on to she . she put down she pen . kate so you know . dr . kau we have to go through you computer to access information . you calculation have be verify and the final course have be set . Leopold go back a week from Friday 1:17 a.m . dr . plodder how long be you go to keep it a secret , kate ? dr . drake be you even go to tell we at all ? kate I be not sure . dr . plodder not sure ? what can you be think ? you can not alter the course of history and assume everything will be okay . it will not be . he have he own destiny to fulfill in he own time . kate ( quietly ) you do not understand . dr . drake ( gently ) he 's go back , kate . dr . plodder it 's over . kate nod . the doctor slowly leave the room and close the door . just the sound of the clock tick . kate sit at she desk very still . kate no ... no , no , no . int . kate bedroom - early evening Charlie knock and enter . charlie there you be . I have only be holler for the last ... he see she face . kate 's eye be red and swollen . she lay out Leopold 's belonging . charlie kate ? what be it ? what happen ? kate ( very detach ) it 's time . Leopold 's go back . charlie kate ... kate yup . I will get he thing together . tell he tonight . he go to she . charlie be you all right ? kate ( pull away ) I be fine . charlie you do not look so fine . kate well I be . it be wonderful have he here , Charlie . he be of invaluable assistance to the project . ( she shrug ) I will miss he . charlie you will miss he ? kate I will . charlie goddamnit kate , you love the guy ! kate remain silent . charlie kate , do not do this . please . it 's not right . kate what be I suppose to do , Charlie ?? I can not go back . he can not stay . I can not let he go . I be not equip to deal with this , Charlie . I do not know how . charlie listen to I , kate . do not ! do not be the ice princess . kate ( beginning to tear up ) I be not ! charlie you be . you can not live you whole life under a microscope . you have get to tell he how you feel . kate ( break down in he arm ) it 's too much , Charlie . it 's just too much . charlie you owe it to he . kate I do not know I could feel like this . I really do not know . int . fancy french restaurant - night leopold so I look he right in the eye and say , ' ego be nature 's compensation for mediocrity . ' I turn and I walk . he never say a word ... he probably do not understand it ... kate ? kate ( cold ) what ? leopold be you all right ? you be awfully quiet . kate I be fine . leopold how be you day ? kate ( take a long pause ) it 's time . Leopold look at she . kate we be send you back . leopold ( slowly push he plate away ) when ? kate a week from Friday , early morning . leopold no ! kate it be a mistake , Leopold . it 's out of we hand . we can not pocket people from history like steal jewel . we have not the right ... I be sorry . we will miss you . leopold be that all ? kate what do you want I to do , fall apart ? you would still be leave . it would not solve anything . leopold who be this woman sit across from I ? kate what do you want I to say , Leopold ? leopold tell I that you love I as I love you . let I hear you say it . kate remain silent . Leopold abruptly throw money on the table . leopold I will not do this . I be sorry . we start out . kate Leopold ! ext . STREET - night Leopold walk out of the restaurant try to remain calm . his emotion get the best of he . finally , exhaust , he wind up walk along Central Park South . hansom carriage wait to be take out . he approach slowly . he stop along side one of the cab and stroke the horse 's head . he look at the horse for a long time . then he look at the skyscraper surround he , decide what to do . he lay he face against the horse 's head , tear . CUT to : int . live room - early morning kate sit at the dinning room table behind empty Sara Lee box , pint of ice cream , beer bottle , and be work she way through the cookie dough . Leopold enter through the front door , dishevele . leopold good god. look at you . you look awful . kate you should see what I be look at . leopold I go back to the restaurant . they tell I you go out look for I right after I leave . kate that be pound cake ago . where be you ? leopold I have a lot to think over . kate such as ? leopold just where I stand around here . there be a long pause . kate ( quietly ) we should have come up with something together . I might have be spare ten or seventy pound . leopold be that a apology ? kate I be sorry for what I say . Leopold go to she . he gently pry cookie dough from she hand . leopold I be not go anywhere . kate yes you be ... leopold I be not go . I be stay here with you . kate but ? you can not ! we have no right to ... leopold it be my destiny . it be my decision . kate have you think about what you would be sacrifice ? you influence ? you authority ? they kiss . kate you family , you whole way of life , everything ? they kiss . kate you be not just feel sorry for I because I eat the content of the refrigerator , be you ? they kiss . leopold I love you , kate . the single most miraculous event in my life be not how I arrive here , but that when I do , I find you . kate ( overwhelm ) here come the mushy part ! leopold after much consideration I have come to the conclusion I no longer desire a large estate with a full staff and ornate grounds . kate that 's good , because if you be stay I will probably get fire again . what do you desire ? leopold a beautiful wife , a small home in the middle of nowhere , lot of child , and fine school with pms meeting every other Sunday . kate ... pta ? leopold pta . kate I love you too . I do , Leopold . I love you , too . they kiss . int . laboratory - day Leopold and kate sit calm and resolute . the doctor be in a uproar . dr . plodder this be outrageous ! I will not allow it ! leopold the decision be not yours to make . dr . plodder do you realize what you be say ? you be tamper with fate , preordinance , and God himself . leopold we do that every day , doctor . it be call choice . dr . kau Dr. carlson be still over there . you can not simply abandon she . we have to get she back . kate do you think I be not aware of that ? do you think a minute go by that I do not feel responsible for she ? but someone else can go . dr . kau only one person can return . the capsule accommodate only one person . Leopold have to find she . leopold perhaps she do not wish to return . perhaps she 's find great happiness in she new life . it happen to I . kate maybe this be she destiny . maybe she 's of more important use back there . dr . kau Julia carlson die in the Center Factory fire of 1897 , two year after she arrive . she be 37 year old . there be a stunne silence . dr . drake dear lord . dr . kau she be a friend , kate . she be never expect to sacrifice she life for this experiment . I will not be a party to it . I know what I be ask ... there 's no way we can force you to go . just think it over . int . bedroom - 2:30 a.m. a clock be tick loudly . kate and Leopold lie back to back . kate you be go back be not you ? leopold I keep see that poor woman 's face . she be terrify . kate you say you would not leave I ... I have never be lucky . not one time . leopold six month ago I would not have give it another think . I would not have lose a moment 's sleep . you have change I , kate . there be no turn back . kate I would not want you to change . that 's what 's tear I up inside . either way I lose ... you have change I too . I can not go back to my old life anymore . I can not live like that again . God my heart be pound like a drum . I have never be so scared in my life . take I with you , Leopold . God . take I with you . leopold you do not realize what you be say ! you do not understand the kind of life you would lead . what you would be give up . kate I would be with you . leopold I can not ask that of you . kate just ask I ... just ask . leopold come back with I . she slowly turn . she embrace he . kate yes ! ext . n.y.c . STREET - night dress to the nine , Leopold lead a blindfolded kate through the street . she be clumsier than usual . kate where be you take I ? leopold this be something I have want to do for a long time . she take off she blindfold and look up at the sign : roseland . kate Leopold ? leopold this will be very therapeutic . he take she arm and escort she in . int . roseland - night Leopold lead kate to the dance floor . he open he arm and kate step in the way she be teach in class . Leopold pull she close . this time there be no pretend . partner together , they shine . they move beautifully , effortlessly . it 's almost more than they can bear . as the music play , they stop . Leopold hold kate tightly . they look at each other for the longest time . CUT to : int . laboratory - early morning large screen computer be work overtime . kate , Leopold , and Charlie accompany the doctor to the capsule . it be nearly time . dr . drake the time table have be set . just strap yourself in and you will be fine . dr . plodder you have only a twenty four hour leeway before the machine be set to return to we . you must find carlson within that time frame and get she on board or there will be little chance of she find a way back . leopold I understand . dr . drake it 's be a real pleasure . you have a much nicer smile than Ronald coleman . leopold the privilege be mine . dr . kau Goodbye Leopold , and thank you . ( she give he a kiss ) leopold oh , my . dr . kau do not worry . we will send kate to you ... as soon as possible . I will see to it myself . leopold see that you do . dr . kau you have my word on it . the doctor leave . dr . drake four minute and count . charlie well ? I will make this quick . Goodbye . he stick out he hand . leopold goodbye. ( impulsively Leopold embrace Charlie ) I shall miss you Charles , more than you know . charlie I will miss you too , Leopold ... you be the only one who know how to program the vcr ... take care of my sister . leopold I will . carlson you better . take care of yourself too while you be at it ... so long . kate I do not have any word for this . leopold I will see you soon . kate I know . leopold you will be with I all the time . kate I know . I bring you something . she take out a ring and slip it on he finger . kate so you would not forget I . leopold kate ... kate so you would not think this be all a dream . they kiss . kate do not forget about I . leopold I love you , kate . kate wait for I . leopold for as long as it take . kate I will come back to you ! I will ! leopold I will be wait . they kiss again for the last time . dr . drake it 's time Leopold . Leopold hold kate 's face in he hand . very slowly they part . Leopold take he place in the machine and strap himself in . he place one hand on the red lever and the other against the glass pane on the door . kate come over and place she hand over he . wordlessly , they say goodbye . after a moment , Dr. kau gently move kate away . Dr. plodder silently raise he arm , signal Leopold . dr . plodder 9 8 7 6 5 4 ... Leopold shift in he seat , he eye never leave kate 's , he hand still against the glass . kate smile tenderly at Leopold . dr . plodder 3 2 1 ! Dr. plodder drop he arm signal Leopold . Leopold pull the lever , still gaze at kate . there be a blind flash of light , then darkness . int . lab - month later kate raise she head . she sit at she desk surround by the doctor . dr . plodder I cannot in good conscience let you go . it 's out of the question . dr . drake I can not be a part of it either kate . I be sorry . dr . kau it 's too big a risk . kate rise and move to the window . she be a full nine month pregnant . dr . plodder we can not guarantee you child 's safety . it 's that simple . kate he 's wait for I . I can feel it . oh , Leopold ... she gaze out the window , search the horizon . CUT to : ext . a SMALL farm house - evening down from the horizon , a farm house . leo cole , 5 year old , rock on he front porch swing . use he bare hand as puppet he carry on a conversation . julia carlson pull up in she car . carlson hi. do Katherine cole live here ? leo yeah . ( yell inside ) mom ?? carlson you be Leo be not you ? you do not remember I but I know you when you be yea big . ( she hold she hand a inch apart ) leo yeah . carlson I be Julia . I be a old friend of you mother . leo ( proudly ) we have spaghetti at we house 4 time this week . kate come out on the porch . she look lovely . kate Leo you do not have to holler like that . I be not deaf ... carlson kate ? kate ... carlson ?! the two woman scream , run to each other and embrace . kate carlson , I do not believe it . it 's be ... I do not know how many year . what be you do here . carlson I come to see you , sweetie . kate you remember my son , Leo ? carlson we have just be get acquainted . kate well , come inside . come inside . int . kate house - night kate head straight for the kitchen . carlson scan the live room before join she . although rustic on the outside , the inside of the house be furnish with antique and be victorian in style . kate ( cover she agitation ) would you like some tea ? I wish you have call before you come over . it would have give I a chance to straighten up the house ... myself ... my life . tell I what you have be up to . catch I up on everyone . I hear you receive some big endowment or something . I be go to write , then call , but ... she pick up the cup and saucer but it shake so violently she have to put it down . carlson it 's all right , kate . I understand . there be a long pause . carlson get the tea ready . finally : carlson you would leave in 9 day . that 's not a lot of time to get you affair in order ... and I warn you , it 's nearly impossible for a intelligent woman back there . kate stand by the back door , look out at Leo . carlson he 's a fine boy kate . Leopold would be proud . we be aware of you situation but we feel when the time come , you deserve the option . kate nod , tremble slightly . int . farm house - night kate stand in the doorway as carlson drive off . leo who be that lady ? kate just a old friend . leo what she want ? kate ( she look at Leo ) nothing important . you brush you tooth ? Leo show off he tooth . kate then give you old mom a hug and go to bed . ( Leo give she a hug and a kiss ) good night , cookie . leo good night . kate wrap herself in a old blanket and move through the house turn off the light . it be very guiet . all we hear be kate 's footstep and the sound of the clock tick . she make she way upstairs , enter she bed room . she sit down by the window at she desk . she sit a long time lose in think . she slowly pull open a drawer and from deep inside pull out a old photo album . she open it and begin to look through . CUT to : the photo album Inside , old black and white photograph , newspaper clipping , magazine article trace Leopold throughout he life . a photograph of Leopold look as he do the night he depart this world . he stand stiffly beside he family for a formal portrait . very discreetly , he point to a ring . it be the same ring kate give he . a newspaper article show Leopold donate $ 100,000 to establish a scientific center research study in time and space . a magazine picture show Leopold , the sole male figure , march to give woman the vote . a photograph of a large formal wedding . Leopold , around fifty , stand alone in the wedding party , surreptitiously point to he ring . a magazine article show Leopold in he sixties establish a scholarship program for study in physics . he be surround by academia and subtly point to he ring . a photograph of Leopold around seventy shaking hand with Albert Einstein and smile broadly for the camera . a professional photograph of Leopold at seventy five , sit regally in a chair . beside he , a empty chair . he rest one hand on the back of the chair . the other he hold against he chest , show off the ring . a obituary with the headline , " philanthropist , 80 , die in bombing . a tear fall on the page . kate cry silently , look out the window . the camera follow she gaze past she property ... CUT to : int . banquet room - year later leo , 24 and he bride take to the floor for the first time as husband and wife and be greet with applause . kate , older , beautiful , hair cut short , look on in wonder . Charlie , stand with patrice and they 6 blonde child , approach kate and lead she to the dance floor . kate he 's so young , Charlie . charlie he 's old enough . kate look at that idiotic expression on he face . charlie he 's happy . kate of course he 's happy . all wedding be happy . it 's the live together afterwards that cause all the trouble . Julia carlson , under dress , over anxious , enter the banquet hall . she stand at the back of the large room , search . couple fill the dance floor . across the expansive room , over the top of head , Charlie and kate bob amongst the guest . Leo cut in . as they spin , in the briefest of second , kate spot carlson . she pale . they turn . kate peer over Leo 's shoulder . her eye lock with Julia 's . Julia nod with purpose . kate hold onto Leo tightly , not want to let go . she bury she head in he chest . kate oh , you be so young ... I love you , Leo . always remember that ... from behind , she shoulder shake as she cry . leo Mom , we be only move to Denver . kate I know , cookie . I know . int . control booth - night from behind a glass partition , carlson work at she console . a monitor count away the second . 59 , 58 , 57 ... in the darken lab , kate , dress in early 1920 attire , strap herself in and smile tearfully . they voice echo in the lab . kate well ... charlie I know . I too . they embrace each other for the last time . kate what will I do without you , Charlie ? charlie ( softly ) live happily ever after . carlson ( push the intercom button ) kate , it 's time . leo ( emotionally ) here . it 's a letter for my father . tell he about I and ... um , tell he I love he . I want he to know I . kate Leo ... leo Mom , I want you to go . kate but ... he put he finger to she lip . he look to he wife then back at kate . he nod he head . leo go. they force themselves to smile , try to get through the moment . carlson ready ! Charlie , Leo and he new bride stand back . Inside the craft , the only light come from the glow red lever . carlson raise she arm , signal kate . then to she staff : carlson 9 , 8 , 7 ... kate press she hand against the glass as a final goodbye . she grab the lever with she other hand and turn away , stare straight ahead . Charlie put he arm around Leo . carlson 3 , 2 , 1 ! there be a bright white flash . kate be go . the other stand there motionless , stunne . the screen be black . ext . a large victorian estate - 1924 - night a flash of light illuminate the forest at the albany estate . a beat . kate race from the forest onto a massive lawn , stumbling in mud as she hurry to the mansion 's entrance . int . ballroom - night huge double door open to reveal -- a ornate ballroom . the creme de la creme have gather and dance . kate overwhelm , rush down a elaborate staircase . half way down she loose a shoe . she hesitates briefly then continue to the dance floor . in the center of the floor , Leopold , look very distinguished and attractive , dance with a flirtatious young woman . try as she might , Leopold keep she at a distance . flirt ( brush he shirt front ) I just love a starch white shirt . it 's so elegant . leopold thank you . flirt skeeky . leopold yes . you dance like a angel miss Beall . you light up the room around you . I thank you . flirt ( with a big smile ) thank you . the music change : a lively charleston . Leopold heave a sigh of relief and make he way through the crowd , up the staircase . the dancer become a intricate maze , a dead end at every turn as kate search each male face . in the foreground , Leopold be stop by a woman midway up the stair . as they chat , Leopold reach down and pick up the muddy slipper , offer it to she . she turn in a huff , flouncing down the stair . simultaneously , in the background , kate desperately look for Leopold . Leopold study the slipper as he make he way up the stair . he slow down , hesitates and stop . very slowly he turn around . he become very still . tear well up in he eye . the ballroom clock strike midnight . kate climb a opposite staircase to get a better view then stop . in she heart she know . slowly she turn . Leopold stand quietly at the bottom of the stair , gaze up at she . he extend he arm , show she the ring . he offer she he hand . the crowd , the room , the world around they , disappear . they eye lock . as she descend the staircase , the year melt away . kate 's short hair grow long , cascade around she shoulder . the fine line around Leopold 's face be go . they see themselves through each other 's eye , at the moment of youth , when they fall in love . Leopold bend down , place the slipper on kate 's foot . he rise , look down at he hand and then up at kate . his hand be cake with mud . she smile helplessly . not caring , he wrap he arm tightly around she . music begin to play , a slow waltz . he nod to she . she take a deep breath . her head bob in rhythm . she begin to count silently . Leopold smile , count along . they dance ... a elderly couple watch Leopold with interest . lord whitehead who be that dance with Leopold ? lady whitehead I have never see she before . kate and Leopold dance past . they be older . as they gaze into each other 's eye , they twirl . the look of youth return . at the center of the floor they stop dance . they kiss . the rest of the world dance around they . over this background ... the scrapbook picture bleed onto screen . the old formal wedding photo become a photograph of kate and Leopold the perfect bride and groom , both discreetly point to they ring . kate stand with Leopold as he establish a scholarship for study in physics . the old photograph of Leopold and Albert Einstein change to include kate , wave and smile broadly for the camera . the professional photograph become a double portrait . it show the two in they 70' , sit regally in match chair . they hold hand and smile serenely . stare directly into the camera , they show off they ring . slowly the scrapbook close ... kate and Leopold dance , the music swell as they become lose in the crowd . the clock chime . slowly we ... fade out : the end